Yes, brother, Samsung people say that Yes, brother, Samsung people say that Yes, brother, Samsung people say that our Galaxy S24 Ultra our Galaxy S24 Ultra our Galaxy S24 Ultra is the mobile with the best camera in the world and Google is the mobile with the best camera in the world and Google is the mobile with the best camera in the world and Google people also say that Pixel 8 Pro people also say that Pixel 8 Pro people also say that Pixel 8 Pro is the mobile with the best camera and even is the mobile with the best camera and even is the mobile with the best camera and even Apple people say that iPhone 15 Apple people say that iPhone 15 Apple people say that iPhone 15 Pro Max is the mobile with the best camera in the world. Pro Max is the mobile with the best camera in the world. Pro Max is the mobile with the best camera in the world. But brother, all these things are But brother, all these things are But brother, all these things are absolutely wrong.  Hey brother, don't do this here, I am absolutely wrong.  Hey brother, don't do this here, I am absolutely wrong.  Hey brother, don't do this here, I am telling you the truth.  This mobile is telling you the truth.  This mobile is telling you the truth.  This mobile is not the mobile with the best camera in the world but it is something not the mobile with the best camera in the world but it is something not the mobile with the best camera in the world but it is something else.  How did you know?  Brother, else.  How did you know?  Brother, else.  How did you know?  Brother, I know everything.  So brother, this is the I know everything.  So brother, this is the I know everything.  So brother, this is the mobile with the best camera in the world which is the mobile with the best camera in the world which is the mobile with the best camera in the world which is the father of all these mobiles.  This mobile has a father of all these mobiles.  This mobile has a father of all these mobiles.  This mobile has a three camera setup in the rear.  50- three camera setup in the rear.  50- three camera setup in the rear.  50- megapixel main camera, 180-megapixel megapixel main camera, 180-megapixel megapixel main camera, 180-megapixel tertiscope telephoto camera.