Today I got such a surprise that I was really Today I got such a surprise that I was really Today I got such a surprise that I was really surprised.  So the day starts surprised.  So the day starts surprised.  So the day starts with a call from mom that he is coming back from Amritsar.  I with a call from mom that he is coming back from Amritsar.  I with a call from mom that he is coming back from Amritsar.  I quickly picked up Manya quickly picked up Manya quickly picked up Manya because brother, it was important to clean the house. because brother, it was important to clean the house. because brother, it was important to clean the house. Otherwise our class would have started.  Then a little Otherwise our class would have started.  Then a little Otherwise our class would have started.  Then a little skin care.  I was trying this charcoal face mask for the skin care.  I was trying this charcoal face mask for the skin care.  I was trying this charcoal face mask for the first time.  But the first time.  But the first time.  But the experience was good.  Meanwhile the experience was good.  Meanwhile the experience was good.  Meanwhile the bell rang outside and what I saw left me completely stunned. bell rang outside and what I saw left me completely stunned. bell rang outside and what I saw left me completely stunned. Mom brought my Activa from Amritsar. Mom brought my Activa from Amritsar. Mom brought my Activa from Amritsar. This is the best moment of my entire day. This is the best moment of my entire day. This is the best moment of my entire day. Then I thought why not make this day a Then I thought why not make this day a Then I thought why not make this day a little more special by going out for dinner. little more special by going out for dinner. little more special by going out for dinner. I found a lovely I found a lovely I found a lovely subscriber here.  Most of the time was spent thinking about subscriber here.  Most of the time was spent thinking about subscriber here.  Most of the time was spent thinking about what to eat?  For dinner, what to eat?  For dinner, what to eat?  For dinner, I had my favourite noodles and I had my favourite noodles and I had my favourite noodles and Manchurian combo.  Finally, let's end the blog with this sweet dish. Manchurian combo.  Finally, let's end the blog with this sweet dish.