Hi everybody. So many of you wonder how Hi everybody. So many of you wonder how Hi everybody. So many of you wonder how hijab is worn. I'm not going to unravel hijab is worn. I'm not going to unravel hijab is worn. I'm not going to unravel mine obviously to show you. So I have my mine obviously to show you. So I have my mine obviously to show you. So I have my little one here cuz hijab is not little one here cuz hijab is not little one here cuz hijab is not mandatory on young children. So here's mandatory on young children. So here's mandatory on young children. So here's what you're going to need. You're going what you're going to need. You're going what you're going to need. You're going to need a scarf, usually rectangular, an to need a scarf, usually rectangular, an to need a scarf, usually rectangular, an underscarf, which is this piece right underscarf, which is this piece right underscarf, which is this piece right here, a scrunchie or something to hold here, a scrunchie or something to hold here, a scrunchie or something to hold the hair, and a hijab magnet. Okay, so the hair, and a hijab magnet. Okay, so the hair, and a hijab magnet. Okay, so I'm going to put her hair up in a bun, I'm going to put her hair up in a bun, I'm going to put her hair up in a bun, kind of like a half bun type scenario, kind of like a half bun type scenario, kind of like a half bun type scenario, just like this. And then this underscarf just like this. And then this underscarf just like this. And then this underscarf is obviously an adult underscarf, but is obviously an adult underscarf, but is obviously an adult underscarf, but I'm going to put it on her. We're gonna I'm going to put it on her. We're gonna I'm going to put it on her. We're gonna slide it up like this. And all this does slide it up like this. And all this does slide it up like this. And all this does is it is so cute. Holds the hair in is it is so cute. Holds the hair in is it is so cute. Holds the hair in place. So, I'm going to take my hijab place. So, I'm going to take my hijab place. So, I'm going to take my hijab magnets and I'm going to just pin it magnets and I'm going to just pin it magnets and I'm going to just pin it just like that. And toss it over. And just like that. And toss it over. And just like that. And toss it over. And there you go. There you have it. There's there you go. There you have it. There's there you go. There you have it. There's your hijab. I love it. I want to keep your hijab. I love it. I want to keep your hijab. I love it. I want to keep it. I want to hold it. A, it. I want to hold it. A, it. I want to hold it. A, you're so cute.