Hello friends.  Welcome to my channel and my video Hello friends.  Welcome to my channel and my video Hello friends.  Welcome to my channel and my video . . . As you can see from the cover, I'm starting a two-day vlog today As you can see from the cover, I'm starting a two-day vlog today As you can see from the cover, I'm starting a two-day vlog today .  From now on, I'll be filming vlogs .  From now on, I'll be filming vlogs .  From now on, I'll be filming vlogs for you for these two days, today and tomorrow for you for these two days, today and tomorrow for you for these two days, today and tomorrow .  I .  I .  I woke up early this morning, got ready, and now I'm woke up early this morning, got ready, and now I'm woke up early this morning, got ready, and now I'm going to Istanbul alone.  I going to Istanbul alone.  I going to Istanbul alone.  I have a very small task.  I have a very small task.  I have a very small task.  I need to talk to Filiz.  Filiz is also my need to talk to Filiz.  Filiz is also my need to talk to Filiz.  Filiz is also my acting manager.  I have a meeting with him today acting manager.  I have a meeting with him today acting manager.  I have a meeting with him today . . . I will return to Izmit after my meeting with him. I will return to Izmit after my meeting with him. I will return to Izmit after my meeting with him. Zeynep, Bengü, and I Zeynep, Bengü, and I Zeynep, Bengü, and I are going to see Spider-Man at the 9:30 pm showing tonight, and I'm so are going to see Spider-Man at the 9:30 pm showing tonight, and I'm so are going to see Spider-Man at the 9:30 pm showing tonight, and I'm so excited!  Because I love Spider-Man excited!  Because I love Spider-Man excited!  Because I love Spider-Man and I've watched all the movies. and I've watched all the movies. and I've watched all the movies. Tomorrow, Zeynep, Bengü, Tomorrow, Zeynep, Bengü, Tomorrow, Zeynep, Bengü, Zeynep's sister, and I will go shopping again. Zeynep's sister, and I will go shopping again. Zeynep's sister, and I will go shopping again. Also, today the principle is finally Also, today the principle is finally Also, today the principle is finally returning from Istanbul.  So I hope returning from Istanbul.  So I hope returning from Istanbul.  So I hope we'll meet with him too.  Maybe we'll meet with him too.  Maybe we'll meet with him too.  Maybe he'll come with us tomorrow.  I haven't he'll come with us tomorrow.  I haven't he'll come with us tomorrow.  I haven't seen the principle implemented for 45 days.  He had been seen the principle implemented for 45 days.  He had been seen the principle implemented for 45 days.  He had been in Istanbul for 45 days.  I haven't been able in Istanbul for 45 days.  I haven't been able in Istanbul for 45 days.  I haven't been able to spend quality time together for a long time.  For about 10 to spend quality time together for a long time.  For about 10 to spend quality time together for a long time.  For about 10 days or so.  Because he was constantly going back and forth days or so.  Because he was constantly going back and forth days or so.  Because he was constantly going back and forth .  He went to the fountain. .  He went to the fountain. .  He went to the fountain. After Çeşme, he went to Istanbul. After Çeşme, he went to Istanbul. After Çeşme, he went to Istanbul. We met for about a day or so in between.  That's why We met for about a day or so in between.  That's why We met for about a day or so in between.  That's why I miss HR so much.  She said she missed me a lot too I miss HR so much.  She said she missed me a lot too I miss HR so much.  She said she missed me a lot too .  I hope .  I hope .  I hope I can see him today, and I think I will. I can see him today, and I think I will. I can see him today, and I think I will. Because he came back last night. Because he came back last night. Because he came back last night. I've made my preparations.  Normally, I don't I've made my preparations.  Normally, I don't I've made my preparations.  Normally, I don't always enjoy going to places like this alone, always enjoy going to places like this alone, always enjoy going to places like this alone, but since you're with me, I don't feel but since you're with me, I don't feel but since you're with me, I don't feel lonely right now lonely right now lonely right now .  I'm very excited for the evening too.   Of .  I'm very excited for the evening too.   Of .  I'm very excited for the evening too.   Of course, course, course, we'll do something before we go see Spiderman.  We'll meet up at IKY or something. we'll do something before we go see Spiderman.  We'll meet up at IKY or something. we'll do something before we go see Spiderman.  We'll meet up at IKY or something. So today and tomorrow are going to be quite fun So today and tomorrow are going to be quite fun So today and tomorrow are going to be quite fun .  I wanted to film a vlog like this for you too .  I wanted to film a vlog like this for you too .  I wanted to film a vlog like this for you too .  I hope you enjoy watching it .  I hope you enjoy watching it .  I hope you enjoy watching it . . . I know you like these kinds of videos.  I also I know you like these kinds of videos.  I also I know you like these kinds of videos.  I also love taking photos.  Without further ado, let's leave love taking photos.  Without further ado, let's leave love taking photos.  Without further ado, let's leave .  It's 12 o'clock now. My .  It's 12 o'clock now. My .  It's 12 o'clock now. My meeting is at 2:30.  I finish work around 3:30 meeting is at 2:30.  I finish work around 3:30 meeting is at 2:30.  I finish work around 3:30 .  I'm expecting to be home by 4:30 .  I'm expecting to be home by 4:30 .  I'm expecting to be home by 4:30 .  Let's see.  From Northern Marmara, .  Let's see.  From Northern Marmara, .  Let's see.  From Northern Marmara, that is, via the fast route.  Istanbul sometimes feels like that is, via the fast route.  Istanbul sometimes feels like that is, via the fast route.  Istanbul sometimes feels like an hour to me.  If there's no traffic and the an hour to me.  If there's no traffic and the an hour to me.  If there's no traffic and the place I'm going isn't a major thoroughfare, I can get to place I'm going isn't a major thoroughfare, I can get to place I'm going isn't a major thoroughfare, I can get to most places in an hour to an hour and 15 minutes most places in an hour to an hour and 15 minutes most places in an hour to an hour and 15 minutes .  Except for the opposite side.  I .  Except for the opposite side.  I need about an hour and a half to get across.  I still need to get gas. need about an hour and a half to get across.  I still need to get gas. need about an hour and a half to get across.  I still need to get gas. Damn it.  I hate buying gas, Damn it.  I hate buying gas, Damn it.  I hate buying gas, and it's so expensive.  Okay and it's so expensive.  Okay and it's so expensive.  Okay guys, I'm leaving now. guys, I'm leaving now. guys, I'm leaving now. I just forgot my car keys.  My mom I just forgot my car keys.  My mom I just forgot my car keys.  My mom brought it, thank goodness.  It's been a while since I've worn these glasses, brought it, thank goodness.  It's been a while since I've worn these glasses, brought it, thank goodness.  It's been a while since I've worn these glasses, and and and they're so big!  Did they're so big!  Did they're so big!  Did they always look this big on my face?  I was curious about him they always look this big on my face?  I was curious about him they always look this big on my face?  I was curious about him .  Oh, my eyes are itching so much. .  Oh, my eyes are itching so much. .  Oh, my eyes are itching so much. Friends, right now, in Northern Friends, right now, in Northern Friends, right now, in Northern Marmara, the very region I praised today, there has been a Marmara, the very region I praised today, there has been a Marmara, the very region I praised today, there has been a car fire. car fire. car fire. There's incredible traffic.  As I was about to leave, I There's incredible traffic.  As I was about to leave, I There's incredible traffic.  As I was about to leave, I noticed Yandex noticed Yandex noticed Yandex was showing something.  Northern Marmara was showing something.  Northern Marmara was showing something.  Northern Marmara appears to have a longer road network.  I said, "God." appears to have a longer road network.  I said, "God." appears to have a longer road network.  I said, "God." I tried to go the other way.  This is a I tried to go the other way.  This is a I tried to go the other way.  This is a free route from the normal E5 highway. free route from the normal E5 highway. free route from the normal E5 highway. They've blocked the road because there's no toll. They've blocked the road because there's no toll. They've blocked the road because there's no toll. They have closed the TEM highways.  I was shocked.  The moon vehicle They have closed the TEM highways.  I was shocked.  The moon vehicle They have closed the TEM highways.  I was shocked.  The moon vehicle actually burned.  Oh, I'm so sorry.  May God actually burned.  Oh, I'm so sorry.  May God actually burned.  Oh, I'm so sorry.  May God help them.  Hopefully help them.  Hopefully help them.  Hopefully no one has died or been injured. no one has died or been injured. no one has died or been injured. Allah!  Oh, that's really bad.  I hope no one was hurt Allah!  Oh, that's really bad.  I hope no one was hurt Allah!  Oh, that's really bad.  I hope no one was hurt . . . The car was really badly burned.  The car burned here. The car was really badly burned.  The car burned here. The car was really badly burned.  The car burned here. There's traffic here. There's traffic here. There's traffic here. They've completely blocked the other road.  It was the first time in my life They've completely blocked the other road.  It was the first time in my life They've completely blocked the other road.  It was the first time in my life I'd seen the E5 highway closed.  It was also the I'd seen the E5 highway closed.  It was also the I'd seen the E5 highway closed.  It was also the first time I'd seen traffic on a toll road.  It first time I'd seen traffic on a toll road.  It first time I'd seen traffic on a toll road.  It 's opened a little now, but I'm running late.  I 's opened a little now, but I'm running late.  I 's opened a little now, but I'm running late.  I have a margin of error of about 25 minutes in being late. have a margin of error of about 25 minutes in being late. have a margin of error of about 25 minutes in being late. Sister Filiz isn't answering the phone either.  If she were hungry, Sister Filiz isn't answering the phone either.  If she were hungry, Sister Filiz isn't answering the phone either.  If she were hungry, I would say, "Aunt Filze, please don't rush, I'll be I would say, "Aunt Filze, please don't rush, I'll be I would say, "Aunt Filze, please don't rush, I'll be a little late." a little late." a little late." Friends, I Friends, I Friends, I have an illness.  I'm a perfectionist.   I have an illness.  I'm a perfectionist.   I have an illness.  I'm a perfectionist.   I hate being late.  I hate being late.  I hate being late.  I hate people who are late.  And right now, hate people who are late.  And right now, hate people who are late.  And right now, even 25 minutes feels like two hours to me even 25 minutes feels like two hours to me even 25 minutes feels like two hours to me .  I'm looking for Feyze.  It never .  I'm looking for Feyze.  It never .  I'm looking for Feyze.  It never opens.  I'm very stressed.  I hope she opens it so opens.  I'm very stressed.  I hope she opens it so opens.  I'm very stressed.  I hope she opens it so I can tell her I'll be late. I can tell her I'll be late. I can tell her I'll be late. I passed it on to me from my mother.  My mother also has this I passed it on to me from my mother.  My mother also has this I passed it on to me from my mother.  My mother also has this disease, but hers is disease, but hers is disease, but hers is worse than mine.  My mother worse than mine.  My mother worse than mine.  My mother always takes me to our destinations about half an hour to forty minutes early always takes me to our destinations about half an hour to forty minutes early always takes me to our destinations about half an hour to forty minutes early .  It's reached the level of a real illness in my mother .  It's reached the level of a real illness in my mother .  It's reached the level of a real illness in my mother .  Gee.  Ah!  Traffic .  Gee.  Ah!  Traffic .  Gee.  Ah!  Traffic accident: Turn left after 3 kilometers. accident: Turn left after 3 kilometers. accident: Turn left after 3 kilometers. Why is it that everything I say "mashallah" to doesn't last three days Why is it that everything I say "mashallah" to doesn't last three days Why is it that everything I say "mashallah" to doesn't last three days ?  That's unbelievable.  For the first time in my life, ?  That's unbelievable.  For the first time in my life, ?  That's unbelievable.  For the first time in my life, I said, "The North Marmara road is really beautiful I said, "The North Marmara road is really beautiful I said, "The North Marmara road is really beautiful ."  I said I'm going to Istanbul in an hour ."  I said I'm going to Istanbul in an hour ."  I said I'm going to Istanbul in an hour .  It still shows 1 hour and 10 minutes.   I've been on .  It still shows 1 hour and 10 minutes.   I've been on .  It still shows 1 hour and 10 minutes.   I've been on the road for 40 minutes!  Unbelievable, the road for 40 minutes!  Unbelievable, the road for 40 minutes!  Unbelievable, another accident has happened.  3 another accident has happened.  3 another accident has happened.  3 km later.  I'm stuck in traffic again right now. km later.  I'm stuck in traffic again right now. km later.  I'm stuck in traffic again right now. I've never seen anything like this in my life.  So, there are so many I've never seen anything like this in my life.  So, there are so many I've never seen anything like this in my life.  So, there are so many accidents one after another, so much traffic on accidents one after another, so much traffic on accidents one after another, so much traffic on a road that's normally not busy a road that's normally not busy a road that's normally not busy . . . Yes, friends, I was there and back almost immediately Yes, friends, I was there and back almost immediately Yes, friends, I was there and back almost immediately .  Because I never had the opportunity to film a video .  Because I never had the opportunity to film a video .  Because I never had the opportunity to film a video .  I spoke with Fizze for about an hour .  I spoke with Fizze for about an hour .  I spoke with Fizze for about an hour .  Then I returned to Izmit and there was no .  Then I returned to Izmit and there was no .  Then I returned to Izmit and there was no traffic on the way back.  I was back in an hour.   I was traffic on the way back.  I was back in an hour.   I was traffic on the way back.  I was back in an hour.   I was n't in a hurry. n't in a hurry. n't in a hurry. I just called Zeynep and her friends.  Bengül and Zeynep I just called Zeynep and her friends.  Bengül and Zeynep I just called Zeynep and her friends.  Bengül and Zeynep were at Zeynep's house.  Ilke is also arriving from Istanbul right now were at Zeynep's house.  Ilke is also arriving from Istanbul right now were at Zeynep's house.  Ilke is also arriving from Istanbul right now .  I thought he arrived last night .  I thought he arrived last night .  I thought he arrived last night .  He couldn't come last night.  He's .  He couldn't come last night.  He's .  He couldn't come last night.  He's coming now.  I'll wait for Zeynep and the others until İlke arrives coming now.  I'll wait for Zeynep and the others until İlke arrives coming now.  I'll wait for Zeynep and the others until İlke arrives .  Then .  Then .  Then I'll meet with İlke.  Zeynep and her family will come with us anyway I'll meet with İlke.  Zeynep and her family will come with us anyway I'll meet with İlke.  Zeynep and her family will come with us anyway .  We'll watch a movie tonight.  I think it's highly .  We'll watch a movie tonight.  I think it's highly .  We'll watch a movie tonight.  I think it's highly likely that Spider-Man will also appear on a statue likely that Spider-Man will also appear on a statue likely that Spider-Man will also appear on a statue .  [scream] .  [scream] .  [scream] Dude, where are you?  Where have you been for the last 10 days? Dude, where are you?  Where have you been for the last 10 days? Dude, where are you?  Where have you been for the last 10 days? I arrived in Izmit.   Did I arrived in Izmit.   Did I arrived in Izmit.   Did you miss me? you miss me? you miss me? Of course I missed you. Of course I missed you. Of course I missed you. I miss you so much too.  Unbelievable. I miss you so much too.  Unbelievable. I miss you so much too.  Unbelievable. Guys, we hadn't been able Guys, we hadn't been able Guys, we hadn't been able to spend proper time together for 10-15 days.  That's why to spend proper time together for 10-15 days.  That's why to spend proper time together for 10-15 days.  That's why you're with us now. you're with us now. I'm giving Ilke some chocolates I bought from Kosovo.  He had asked for it.  You didn't come to the video, I'm giving Ilke some chocolates I bought from Kosovo.  He had asked for it.  You didn't come to the video, I'm giving Ilke some chocolates I bought from Kosovo.  He had asked for it.  You didn't come to the video, you sold out, but I left you some chocolate. you sold out, but I left you some chocolate. you sold out, but I left you some chocolate. I didn't understand something. I didn't understand something. I didn't understand something. It says Çüç, It says Çüç, It says Çüç, and Kokostar is better.  Is it worse than Kokostar and Kokostar is better.  Is it worse than Kokostar and Kokostar is better.  Is it worse than Kokostar ?   Uh huh. ?   Uh huh. Dude, it seems like everything there is produced in Türkiye Dude, it seems like everything there is produced in Türkiye Dude, it seems like everything there is produced in Türkiye .  I didn't understand either. .  I didn't understand either. .  I didn't understand either. There are many things that are Turkish made. There are many things that are Turkish made. There are many things that are Turkish made. I know this.  This looks pretty strange.   Have I know this.  This looks pretty strange.   Have I know this.  This looks pretty strange.   Have you tried this? you tried this? you tried this? No.  We've never tried it.  Hungry.   It No.  We've never tried it.  Hungry.   It No.  We've never tried it.  Hungry.   It looks pretty bad though.   If it looks looks pretty bad though.   If it looks looks pretty bad though.   If it looks bad, we should definitely try it. bad, we should definitely try it. bad, we should definitely try it. I want to.   It's I want to.   It's I want to.   It's something chocolate and mint. something chocolate and mint. something chocolate and mint. This gives off a really bad vibe. This gives off a really bad vibe. This gives off a really bad vibe. Mint chocolate. Peppermint candy is just any Peppermint candy is just any Peppermint candy is just any peppermint candy, but as you eat it, peppermint candy, but as you eat it, peppermint candy, but as you eat it, chocolate will pop out from inside.   I'll pass on chocolate will pop out from inside.   I'll pass on chocolate will pop out from inside.   I'll pass on eating it then.  What does chocolate have eating it then.  What does chocolate have eating it then.  What does chocolate have to do with mint?   While to do with mint?   While to do with mint?   While we were at home, Bengü and Zeynep walked towards our house we were at home, Bengü and Zeynep walked towards our house we were at home, Bengü and Zeynep walked towards our house .  I'm Bengü, Zeynep and I .  I'm Bengü, Zeynep and I .  I'm Bengü, Zeynep and I are going to the movies together, and I'm very are going to the movies together, and I'm very are going to the movies together, and I'm very excited.  I hope we excited.  I hope we excited.  I hope we like Spiderman. like Spiderman. like Spiderman. I'll try not to give any spoilers.  My car was left near Zeynep's I'll try not to give any spoilers.  My car was left near Zeynep's I'll try not to give any spoilers.  My car was left near Zeynep's house.  You'll drop me off at my car house.  You'll drop me off at my car house.  You'll drop me off at my car last, right? last, right? last, right? Latest. Latest. Latest. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hi.   We're Hi.   We're Hi.   We're going to do this.  I run this city going to do this.  I run this city going to do this.  I run this city .  Principle.  How did I get Elol so .  Principle.  How did I get Elol so .  Principle.  How did I get Elol so quickly? quickly? quickly? Dude, what are those glasses? Dude, what are those glasses? Dude, what are those glasses? Dude, because I can't see.   Is Dude, because I can't see.   Is Dude, because I can't see.   Is this R? this R? this R? Yes.   Let Yes.   Let Yes.   Let me see, me see, me see, son.  You're such an idiot.   Oh my god, son.  You're such an idiot.   Oh my god, son.  You're such an idiot.   Oh my god, what's that?  The moon is quite beautiful.   Didn't you just talk what's that?  The moon is quite beautiful.   Didn't you just talk what's that?  The moon is quite beautiful.   Didn't you just talk nonsense?   It's a nonsense?   It's a nonsense?   It's a good thing a car is going to hit him.  Come on, good thing a car is going to hit him.  Come on, good thing a car is going to hit him.  Come on, climb up there quickly. climb up there quickly. climb up there quickly. From symbol to symbol. From symbol to symbol. From symbol to symbol. Luca, let's sit down.  Shall we move on to the match? Luca, let's sit down.  Shall we move on to the match? Luca, let's sit down.  Shall we move on to the match? It is possible. It is possible. It is possible. Where is Where is Where is Luca?  It was a great match. Luca?  It was a great match. Luca?  It was a great match. No, it's very bad. No, it's very bad. No, it's very bad. No way.  At what time? No way.  At what time? No way.  At what time? That makeup.  [scream] That makeup.  [scream] That makeup.  [scream] Today is especially beautiful. Today is especially beautiful. Today is especially beautiful. What have you done?   You know, What have you done?   You know, What have you done?   You know, I've never told you this, but I've never told you this, but I've never told you this, but I love you even more this way. I love you even more this way. I love you even more this way. Yes.  Did you do that?  We did it. Yes.  Did you do that?  We did it. Yes.  Did you do that?  We did it. But it's not the kind of video that should be thrown away.   It's But it's not the kind of video that should be thrown away.   It's But it's not the kind of video that should be thrown away.   It's not something that can be thrown away.  I'll let not something that can be thrown away.  I'll let not something that can be thrown away.  I'll let you watch it.  Specifically, this is how Bengi's hair looks. you watch it.  Specifically, this is how Bengi's hair looks. you watch it.  Specifically, this is how Bengi's hair looks. Zeynep, take it off, my love.  Look Zeynep, take it off, my love.  Look Zeynep, take it off, my love.  Look what he did to me. what he did to me. what he did to me. My son, you're all talking so fast, at the same time My son, you're all talking so fast, at the same time My son, you're all talking so fast, at the same time .  I think we should have a drink at ML while watching the match. .  I think we should have a drink at ML while watching the match. .  I think we should have a drink at ML while watching the match. No, we can't do that. No, we can't do that. No, we can't do that. I don't really want to go. I don't really want to go. I don't really want to go. Beng, let's not explain this YouTube thing, right Beng, let's not explain this YouTube thing, right Beng, let's not explain this YouTube thing, right ?  It's very clear. ?  It's very clear. ?  It's very clear. I'm saying you're already disabled.  Enter I'm saying you're already disabled.  Enter I'm saying you're already disabled.  Enter the disabled section. Zeynep, are you Zeynep, are you Zeynep, are you going to take a picture just because I brought my digital camera?  He looked down on me, asking if I was at the cinema going to take a picture just because I brought my digital camera?  He looked down on me, asking if I was at the cinema going to take a picture just because I brought my digital camera?  He looked down on me, asking if I was at the cinema .  Now we're going to teach him a good .  Now we're going to teach him a good .  Now we're going to teach him a good lesson.  I'm going to bite lesson.  I'm going to bite lesson.  I'm going to bite him all over. him all over. him all over. I will love the way she breathes from being loved.  I have something to say, but since I'm the one taking I will love the way she breathes from being loved.  I have something to say, but since I'm the one taking I will love the way she breathes from being loved.  I have something to say, but since I'm the one taking the photo, if I fall while doing the slapping, it's my fault the photo, if I fall while doing the slapping, it's my fault the photo, if I fall while doing the slapping, it's my fault . . . No, I don't mean sharing like that, mom. No, I don't mean sharing like that, mom. No, I don't mean sharing like that, mom. I know, I know.  Do you know? Cream. Cream. Cream. Two spoonfuls of cream. Two spoonfuls of cream. Two spoonfuls of cream. Two spoonfuls of cream. Two spoonfuls of cream. Two spoonfuls of cream. Cream. Cream. Cream. Ilke, why are you ashamed of us? Ilke, why are you ashamed of us? Ilke, why are you ashamed of us? Ilke, why aren't you talking to us, buddy? Ilke, why aren't you talking to us, buddy? Ilke, why aren't you talking to us, buddy? We are your enemies.  I am sorry. We are your enemies.  I am sorry. We are your enemies.  I am sorry. I am very sorry.  I swear it was by mistake, I I am very sorry.  I swear it was by mistake, I I am very sorry.  I swear it was by mistake, I swear it was by mistake.  [crying] I swear it was by mistake.  [crying] I swear it was by mistake.  [crying] I swear it's wrong.  I swear it swear it's wrong.  I swear it swear it's wrong.  I swear it was an accident. was an accident. was an accident. He's not coming to us. He's not coming to us. He's not coming to us. I think she's afraid of me.  I apologized.  Have you forgiven me I think she's afraid of me.  I apologized.  Have you forgiven me I think she's afraid of me.  I apologized.  Have you forgiven me ?  He didn't forgive.  I am sorry.  It ?  He didn't forgive.  I am sorry.  It ?  He didn't forgive.  I am sorry.  It was purely intentional. Look, if you get on, I'll get on too.  I swear, if Look, if you get on, I'll get on too.  I swear, if Look, if you get on, I'll get on too.  I swear, if you get on.  Swear it! you get on.  Swear it! you get on.  Swear it! Blood is on our skirts.  Yeah, buddy.   Hey Blood is on our skirts.  Yeah, buddy.   Hey Blood is on our skirts.  Yeah, buddy.   Hey buddy, you get on the bike and we'll cheer you on. buddy, you get on the bike and we'll cheer you on. Hopefully there's a place for Zeynep, Zeynep, Zeynep.  We'll buy the tickets from here Hopefully there's a place for Zeynep, Zeynep, Zeynep.  We'll buy the tickets from here Hopefully there's a place for Zeynep, Zeynep, Zeynep.  We'll buy the tickets from here because it's last minute. because it's last minute. because it's last minute. We got our tickets.  Now we have some We got our tickets.  Now we have some We got our tickets.  Now we have some time.  We're going to go have a drink. time.  We're going to go have a drink. time.  We're going to go have a drink. I think we came to eat Urfa kebab because of the town I think we came to eat Urfa kebab because of the town I think we came to eat Urfa kebab because of the town .  She really wanted it. .  She really wanted it. .  She really wanted it. I brought them here to eat kebabs. I brought them here to eat kebabs. I brought them here to eat kebabs. I attacked her face with my phone, I attacked her face with my phone, I attacked her face with my phone, so I thought I'd eat her with the light.  This is how so I thought I'd eat her with the light.  This is how so I thought I'd eat her with the light.  This is how we'll eat it. we'll eat it. we'll eat it. Dude, you won't regret it.  Trust me. Dude, you won't regret it.  Trust me. Dude, you won't regret it.  Trust me. I've always eaten here. I've always eaten here. I've always eaten here. Brother, when did we become such people? Brother, when did we become such people? Brother, when did we become such people? We're going to buy books and stuff. We're going to buy books and stuff. We're going to buy books and stuff. We are reading a book.  This is unbelievable, We are reading a book.  This is unbelievable, We are reading a book.  This is unbelievable, guys.  We're reading books like crazy.   I guys.  We're reading books like crazy.   I guys.  We're reading books like crazy.   I need to get it not like in the movies.  That need to get it not like in the movies.  That need to get it not like in the movies.  That painter, but he's fake.  No, this isn't it. painter, but he's fake.  No, this isn't it. painter, but he's fake.  No, this isn't it. No.  Is there none?  Do you like it?  No. No.  Is there none?  Do you like it?  No. No.  Is there none?  Do you like it?  No. That's not it either.  These are other books. That's not it either.  These are other books. That's not it either.  These are other books. That's not it either.  Damn, I'm going to taste the situation.  Adana That's not it either.  Damn, I'm going to taste the situation.  Adana That's not it either.  Damn, I'm going to taste the situation.  Adana kebab.  Let's see what it tastes like. kebab.  Let's see what it tastes like. kebab.  Let's see what it tastes like. Urfa. Urfa. Urfa. Urfa.  Pardon.  Urfa.  Urfa is painless. Urfa.  Pardon.  Urfa.  Urfa is painless. Urfa.  Pardon.  Urfa.  Urfa is painless. I wanted Adana.  They made me one from Urfa I wanted Adana.  They made me one from Urfa I wanted Adana.  They made me one from Urfa .   Do .   Do .   Do you rejoice in pain?   My flesh is you rejoice in pain?   My flesh is you rejoice in pain?   My flesh is bitter. bitter. bitter. Volume. Volume. Volume. Pretty good.  Well done, the Pretty good.  Well done, the Pretty good.  Well done, the kebab was delicious. kebab was delicious. kebab was delicious. From where? From where? From where? From where?  From where? From where?  From where? From where?  From where? From where?  Why does everything fit? From where?  Why does everything fit? From where?  Why does everything fit? Yes. Yes. Yes. I don't know why. I don't know why. I don't know why. I don't know.  You say.  From where?  What?  Don't stick your tongue out at it I don't know.  You say.  From where?  What?  Don't stick your tongue out at it I don't know.  You say.  From where?  What?  Don't stick your tongue out at it .  I'll eat too.  Don't do that, .  I'll eat too.  Don't do that, .  I'll eat too.  Don't do that, buddy.  Just a moment ago, as İlke was walking, buddy.  Just a moment ago, as İlke was walking, buddy.  Just a moment ago, as İlke was walking, Benge suddenly did this.  Dude, how do you Benge suddenly did this.  Dude, how do you Benge suddenly did this.  Dude, how do you flirt?  Why did flirt?  Why did flirt?  Why did you say something like that? you say something like that? you say something like that? Because, for example, look for a second now. Because, for example, look for a second now. Because, for example, look for a second now. Hi. Hi. Hi. You guys are just passing by while I sing the song You guys are just passing by while I sing the song You guys are just passing by while I sing the song .   Uh huh. .   Uh huh. I actually look at it as if it's flashing, for I actually look at it as if it's flashing, for I actually look at it as if it's flashing, for example.  You are so beautiful.   He example.  You are so beautiful.   He example.  You are so beautiful.   He can do it, bro.  How did you read it? can do it, bro.  How did you read it? can do it, bro.  How did you read it? I'm commenting.  Are you ready?  For example, do something for me I'm commenting.  Are you ready?  For example, do something for me I'm commenting.  Are you ready?  For example, do something for me .  Tell me a scenario. .  Tell me a scenario. .  Tell me a scenario. Hello.  Can we met? Hello.  Can we met? Hello.  Can we met? Of course we can meet.   Should I do as you say?  See, say?  See, say?  See, I couldn't escape.  I'm glad I didn't give up.  Are you sure? I couldn't escape.  I'm glad I didn't give up.  Are you sure? I couldn't escape.  I'm glad I didn't give up.  Are you sure? Finally, Finally, Finally, we needed to tell the story of this.   I'm glad I didn't give up we needed to tell the story of this.   I'm glad I didn't give up we needed to tell the story of this.   I'm glad I didn't give up .   Could .   Could .   Could you say it just once more? you say it just once more? you say it just once more? He says it like it's English. He says it like it's English. He says it like it's English. Let me hear your thoughts on the film. Let me hear your thoughts on the film. Let me hear your thoughts on the film. I think it's very exciting.  Very exciting. I think it's very exciting.  Very exciting. I think it's very exciting.  Very exciting. I think the movie is very good.  What did you think of the movie? [muttering] I'm ashamed of you leaving . . . I wasn't expecting this, guys. guys. guys. Stop, I'm going to pee my pants. Stop, I'm going to pee my pants. Stop, I'm going to pee my pants. I'm going to wet myself too.  We've just gone out for a break I'm going to wet myself too.  We've just gone out for a break I'm going to wet myself too.  We've just gone out for a break .  I had the shopping mall closed down for you. .  I had the shopping mall closed down for you. .  I had the shopping mall closed down for you. The shopping mall is closed right now The shopping mall is closed right now The shopping mall is closed right now .  Here's how I'll .  Here's how I'll .  Here's how I'll scare you.  I'm going to scare you now. This place is terrible.  Anyway, This place is terrible.  Anyway, This place is terrible.  Anyway, I was so sure he would do it, I'm such an idiot I was so sure he would do it, I'm such an idiot I was so sure he would do it, I'm such an idiot . . . The moon is already dark. The moon is already dark. The moon is already dark. Let me see, Let me see, Let me see, buddy.  You were gossiping around here. buddy.  You were gossiping around here. buddy.  You were gossiping around here. I stopped it so no one would hear. I stopped it so no one would hear. I'm going to do it terribly. I'm going to do it terribly. I'm going to do it terribly. We've reached the end of our 2.5-hour film. We've reached the end of our 2.5-hour film. We've reached the end of our 2.5-hour film. What do What do What do you think?  What are you thinking?   I hadn't you think?  What are you thinking?   I hadn't you think?  What are you thinking?   I hadn't cried in a long time, and I cried in a long time, and I cried in a long time, and I cried because the Spider-Man movies cried because the Spider-Man movies cried because the Spider-Man movies affect me so much.  I love you all very much, affect me so much.  I love you all very much, affect me so much.  I love you all very much, friends.  I only took it for a second or two friends.  I only took it for a second or two friends.  I only took it for a second or two .  I turn my head away. .  I turn my head away. .  I turn my head away. I'm looking into EC. I'm looking into EC. I'm looking into EC. I look at Zeynep like this [laughs]. I look at Zeynep like this [laughs]. I look at Zeynep like this [laughs]. He picked up what he saw.  It's not working. He picked up what he saw.  It's not working. He picked up what he saw.  It's not working. Guys, no joke, I haven't had a Guys, no joke, I haven't had a Guys, no joke, I haven't had a good cry in a long time.  So, here and there, good cry in a long time.  So, here and there, good cry in a long time.  So, here and there, a tear or two fell from my eyes.  And right a tear or two fell from my eyes.  And right a tear or two fell from my eyes.  And right now, everywhere is very profitable, very difficult, man. now, everywhere is very profitable, very difficult, man. now, everywhere is very profitable, very difficult, man. Now, I want you to look ahead and pay attention. Now, I want you to look ahead and pay attention. Now, I want you to look ahead and pay attention. But I haven't cried in about six months, But I haven't cried in about six months, But I haven't cried in about six months, I think.  When was the last time you did that?  I haven't I think.  When was the last time you did that?  I haven't I think.  When was the last time you did that?  I haven't cried in a long time. cried in a long time. cried in a long time. Has it been 6 months already?   It has Has it been 6 months already?   It has Has it been 6 months already?   It has n't been 6 months, maybe 34 months or so, the n't been 6 months, maybe 34 months or so, the n't been 6 months, maybe 34 months or so, the last time was about 3 or 2 weeks ago. Actually, last time was about 3 or 2 weeks ago. Actually, last time was about 3 or 2 weeks ago. Actually, sometimes I sometimes I sometimes I crave chocolate and I crave chocolate and I crave chocolate and I cry because there isn't any [laughs], cry because there isn't any [laughs], cry because there isn't any [laughs], but that rarely happens. Sometimes you just bottle but that rarely happens. Sometimes you just bottle but that rarely happens. Sometimes you just bottle things up inside. I was already fuming, and suddenly she was sniffling, things up inside. I was already fuming, and suddenly she was sniffling, okay? I okay? I okay? I looked and she was crying. Oh, were looked and she was crying. Oh, were looked and she was crying. Oh, were you one of those girls who went to the toilet with the crying girl in elementary school you one of those girls who went to the toilet with the crying girl in elementary school you one of those girls who went to the toilet with the crying girl in elementary school ? ? ? Me, really?  That's me, Me, really?  That's me, Me, really?  That's me, İlke. İlke. İlke. My dear Ilke, could you wait? My dear Ilke, could you wait? My dear Ilke, could you wait? I can't see anything like this, man.  We I can't see anything like this, man.  We I can't see anything like this, man.  We need to get out of here as soon as possible.  The movie was really good. need to get out of here as soon as possible.  The movie was really good. need to get out of here as soon as possible.  The movie was really good. Yes, friends, I closed it for you from the shopping mall Yes, friends, I closed it for you from the shopping mall Yes, friends, I closed it for you from the shopping mall .   Here you go .   Here you go .   Here you go .  Dude, what is this place right now? .  Dude, what is this place right now? .  Dude, what is this place right now? I have something to say.  If İlke tries to I have something to say.  If İlke tries to I have something to say.  If İlke tries to scare us again, we'll be terrified.   Let's scare us again, we'll be terrified.   Let's scare us again, we'll be terrified.   Let's not deviate from the principle.  First not deviate from the principle.  First not deviate from the principle.  First darkness, look, don't leave us. darkness, look, don't leave us. darkness, look, don't leave us. Why is Ilke leading the way?  Run. Why is Ilke leading the way?  Run. Why is Ilke leading the way?  Run. Wait, let me send a flash drive too.   Are Wait, let me send a flash drive too.   Are Wait, let me send a flash drive too.   Are you stupid?  Come here.  He was the only man you stupid?  Come here.  He was the only man you stupid?  Come here.  He was the only man .  Come here.  Run, .  Come here.  Run, .  Come here.  Run, bro.  He's running.  No way, man, that's going to scare bro.  He's running.  No way, man, that's going to scare bro.  He's running.  No way, man, that's going to scare us.  I don't want to, man.  I'm not going, us.  I don't want to, man.  I'm not going, us.  I don't want to, man.  I'm not going, buddy.  I won't go in there. buddy.  I won't go in there. buddy.  I won't go in there. Dude, I'm really scared.  You're really scared, Dude, I'm really scared.  You're really scared, Dude, I'm really scared.  You're really scared, man.  I'm very scared.   It's a man.  I'm very scared.   It's a man.  I'm very scared.   It's a good thing you didn't.   Thank goodness for the scare.  No scare.  No scare.  No way, it's too dark.  Even the fact that she's leaving us here is way, it's too dark.  Even the fact that she's leaving us here is way, it's too dark.  Even the fact that she's leaving us here is awful, awful, awful, man.  Hey buddy, he's coming over there by the car, I want to man.  Hey buddy, he's coming over there by the car, I want to man.  Hey buddy, he's coming over there by the car, I want to tell you something.  I'm really scared, tell you something.  I'm really scared, tell you something.  I'm really scared, man.   Dude, man.   Dude, man.   Dude, I don't want this right now, I mean, was this really I don't want this right now, I mean, was this really I don't want this right now, I mean, was this really necessary right now? necessary right now? necessary right now? I hope he's bringing the car, buddy. I hope he's bringing the car, buddy. I hope he's bringing the car, buddy. Dude, I highly doubt it. Dude, I highly doubt it. Dude, I highly doubt it. Do you think you'd do something like this, Do you think you'd do something like this, Do you think you'd do something like this, buddy?  Look over there, buddy?  Look over there, buddy?  Look over there, man, why is man, why is man, why is this kid putting us through this right now?  Please. this kid putting us through this right now?  Please. this kid putting us through this right now?  Please. Oh Oh Oh my God [laughs] buddy, this is what I was going to be like, you idiot buddy, this is what I was going to be like, you idiot buddy, this is what I was going to be like, you idiot . . . My son's My son's My son's initial idiocy scared others by saying "we" initial idiocy scared others by saying "we" initial idiocy scared others by saying "we" .   Oh .   Oh .   Oh my son, I've done something really bad. my son, I've done something really bad. my son, I've done something really bad. We had left my car in front of Zeynep's house We had left my car in front of Zeynep's house We had left my car in front of Zeynep's house .  Because there are cars in the country .  Because there are cars in the country .  Because there are cars in the country .  And right now I don't have my car keys. .  And right now I don't have my car keys. .  And right now I don't have my car keys. I changed bags at home for a while. I changed bags at home for a while. I'm wondering if it was left in the other bag at that moment.  Hopefully so.   Otherwise, I'm wondering if it was left in the other bag at that moment.  Hopefully so.   Otherwise, I'm wondering if it was left in the other bag at that moment.  Hopefully so.   Otherwise, if I forgot it somewhere, like if I forgot it somewhere, like if I forgot it somewhere, like I've lost one of the keys and now we're stuck I've lost one of the keys and now we're stuck I've lost one of the keys and now we're stuck here. here. here. We are waiting for the principle to come and save us. We are waiting for the principle to come and save us. We are waiting for the principle to come and save us. Sausage. Sausage. Sausage. Get to know us and be hungry. Get to know us and be hungry. Get to know us and be hungry. Yes, we're with Sucuk.  I was shocked! Yes, we're with Sucuk.  I was shocked! Yes, we're with Sucuk.  I was shocked! I'm pulling on the door like this, but it won't open.  I I'm pulling on the door like this, but it won't open.  I I'm pulling on the door like this, but it won't open.  I was shocked and said, "What's going on?"  Now the principle was shocked and said, "What's going on?"  Now the principle was shocked and said, "What's going on?"  Now the principle will take us home.  I'll get the key from home will take us home.  I'll get the key from home will take us home.  I'll get the key from home .  Then we'll come back and .  Then we'll come back and .  Then we'll come back and pick up the car.  What's the plan? pick up the car.  What's the plan? pick up the car.  What's the plan? Super. Super. Super. With my other bag that I left at home. With my other bag that I left at home. With my other bag that I left at home. Now we're going to pick up the car.   It Now we're going to pick up the car.   It Now we're going to pick up the car.   It brings us back to the principle. brings us back to the principle. brings us back to the principle. Yes. Yes. Yes. After our car adventure, I'm finally home, After our car adventure, I'm finally home, After our car adventure, I'm finally home, guys. guys. guys. I couldn't get the book I wanted today because it wasn't in stock.  So I'll I couldn't get the book I wanted today because it wasn't in stock.  So I'll I couldn't get the book I wanted today because it wasn't in stock.  So I'll continue reading the PDF online, continue reading the PDF online, continue reading the PDF online, straining my eyes, and then straining my eyes, and then straining my eyes, and then I'll go to sleep.  Because I'll go to sleep.  Because I'll go to sleep.  Because we're leaving for Istanbul tomorrow at 11:00.  Tomorrow will we're leaving for Istanbul tomorrow at 11:00.  Tomorrow will we're leaving for Istanbul tomorrow at 11:00.  Tomorrow will be a lot of fun.  Ilke, be a lot of fun.  Ilke, be a lot of fun.  Ilke, Zeynep, Bengü, Zeynep's older sister, and I are Zeynep, Bengü, Zeynep's older sister, and I are Zeynep, Bengü, Zeynep's older sister, and I are going. going. going. I'm very happy that we've all done a program together. I'm very happy that we've all done a program together. I'm very happy that we've all done a program together. We're not going our separate ways.  We'll all be there together.   It We're not going our separate ways.  We'll all be there together.   It We're not going our separate ways.  We'll all be there together.   It will be great.  I wanted to do some shopping too will be great.  I wanted to do some shopping too will be great.  I wanted to do some shopping too .  I need to buy a few things. .  I need to buy a few things. .  I need to buy a few things. You would get ready tomorrow morning, You would get ready tomorrow morning, You would get ready tomorrow morning, friends.  I can't scream right now friends.  I can't scream right now friends.  I can't scream right now because I just woke up.  I because I just woke up.  I because I just woke up.  I went there at 9:30, took a shower, quickly went there at 9:30, took a shower, quickly went there at 9:30, took a shower, quickly put on some clothes, and this is what my outfit put on some clothes, and this is what my outfit put on some clothes, and this is what my outfit looks like.  All I hope is that looks like.  All I hope is that looks like.  All I hope is that the others will be late. the others will be late. the others will be late. My hope is that the others will waste too much time getting ready My hope is that the others will waste too much time getting ready My hope is that the others will waste too much time getting ready .  Because it's around 10:30 now .  Because it's around 10:30 now .  Because it's around 10:30 now .  I woke up at 9:30. .  I woke up at 9:30. .  I woke up at 9:30. I took a shower.  I went out and got dressed. I took a shower.  I went out and got dressed. I took a shower.  I went out and got dressed. I dried my hair a little.  I looked at the clock and it was almost 10:30 I dried my hair a little.  I looked at the clock and it was almost 10:30 I dried my hair a little.  I looked at the clock and it was almost 10:30 .  Hopefully the others .  Hopefully the others .  Hopefully the others will stall a bit.  Because we were supposed to leave at 11:00. will stall a bit.  Because we were supposed to leave at 11:00. will stall a bit.  Because we were supposed to leave at 11:00. We talked about that yesterday.  If you're wondering why we We talked about that yesterday.  If you're wondering why we leave at 11, as if we're escaping a fire, well, leave at 11, as if we're escaping a fire, well, there are reasons like making the most of the day, not staying out too late while we're at it, and so on and so forth.  As you know, shopping malls are there are reasons like making the most of the day, not staying out too late while we're at it, and so on and so forth.  As you know, shopping malls are there are reasons like making the most of the day, not staying out too late while we're at it, and so on and so forth.  As you know, shopping malls are very crowded right now because it's summer, so we very crowded right now because it's summer, so we decided to go a little early so we could shop at our leisure. decided to go a little early so we could shop at our leisure. decided to go a little early so we could shop at our leisure. I'm not sure about my outfit, but I really love the top I'm wearing. I'm not sure about my outfit, but I really love the top I'm wearing. I'm not sure about my outfit, but I really love the top I'm wearing. I've never worn this before. I've never worn this before. I've never worn this before. I don't know if this happened because of this or that.  But I don't know if this happened because of this or that.  But I don't know if this happened because of this or that.  But I also tried this top with a black skirt just now.  That I also tried this top with a black skirt just now.  That I also tried this top with a black skirt just now.  That was completely irrelevant.  Ilke was completely irrelevant.  Ilke was completely irrelevant.  Ilke wrote to me saying she couldn't sleep at 5:00 AM.  A mentally [ __ ] wrote to me saying she couldn't sleep at 5:00 AM.  A mentally [ __ ] wrote to me saying she couldn't sleep at 5:00 AM.  A mentally [ __ ] child.  I told him, "Look, go to bed early, we're child.  I told him, "Look, go to bed early, we're child.  I told him, "Look, go to bed early, we're leaving early."  "I can't sleep," leaving early."  "I can't sleep," leaving early."  "I can't sleep," he wrote.  I hope he's asleep and it he wrote.  I hope he's asleep and it he wrote.  I hope he's asleep and it doesn't turn into our Uludağ story afterwards. doesn't turn into our Uludağ story afterwards. doesn't turn into our Uludağ story afterwards. I hope she'll answer and be awake when I call. I hope she'll answer and be awake when I call. I hope she'll answer and be awake when I call. I'm going to put some cream on my face. I'm going to put some cream on my face. I'm going to put some cream on my face. I got my nails done recently. I got my nails done recently. I got my nails done recently. I don't remember if I showed it to you before.  Look guys, I don't remember if I showed it to you before.  Look guys, I don't remember if I showed it to you before.  Look guys, I had it made in neon pink.  These areas are full I had it made in neon pink.  These areas are full I had it made in neon pink.  These areas are full of flowers.  They have things around here too. of flowers.  They have things around here too. of flowers.  They have things around here too. I forgot his name.  I forgot the name of that thing. I forgot his name.  I forgot the name of that thing. I forgot his name.  I forgot the name of that thing. Increase your nails.  That's how it is.  Is this called blurring?   It's all motley and colorful Increase your nails.  That's how it is.  Is this called blurring?   It's all motley and colorful Increase your nails.  That's how it is.  Is this called blurring?   It's all motley and colorful .  And the others are .  And the others are .  And the others are French too.  It turned out great.  I French too.  It turned out great.  I French too.  It turned out great.  I love neon pink.  Wearing something neon pink – well, I can't really love neon pink.  Wearing something neon pink – well, I can't really wear anything else because it's a bit too eye-catching and wear anything else because it's a bit too eye-catching and wear anything else because it's a bit too eye-catching and attention-grabbing.  Next time I might get it made attention-grabbing.  Next time I might get it made attention-grabbing.  Next time I might get it made neon orange or something. neon orange or something. neon orange or something. I applied under-eye cream.  I'll also apply a regular face I applied under-eye cream.  I'll also apply a regular face I applied under-eye cream.  I'll also apply a regular face moisturizer.  It looks moisturizer.  It looks moisturizer.  It looks really nice when I moisturize and then apply makeup over it really nice when I moisturize and then apply makeup over it really nice when I moisturize and then apply makeup over it .  Oh. .  Oh. I don't want to wear too much makeup.  I'm starting with this concealer. I don't want to wear too much makeup.  I'm starting with this concealer. I don't want to wear too much makeup.  I'm starting with this concealer. NYX concealer.  My voice still NYX concealer.  My voice still NYX concealer.  My voice still has that fresh-awake, half-asleep quality to it. has that fresh-awake, half-asleep quality to it. has that fresh-awake, half-asleep quality to it. I don't know what to call it, forked branching or whatever. I don't know what to call it, forked branching or whatever. I don't know what to call it, forked branching or whatever. I did my makeup.  I think it turned out great. I did my makeup.  I think it turned out great. I did my makeup.  I think it turned out great. I'm just going to brush my teeth. I'm just going to brush my teeth. I'm just going to brush my teeth. I'm thinking about how I should do my hair.  I dried it a bit more I'm thinking about how I should do my hair.  I dried it a bit more I'm thinking about how I should do my hair.  I dried it a bit more now.  I think now.  I think now.  I think I'll straighten it out a bit. I'll straighten it out a bit. I'll straighten it out a bit. I applied the necessary oils. I applied the necessary oils. I applied the necessary oils. I'll dry it a bit more and then straighten it. Zeynep and her family just called.  Everyone was ready. Zeynep and her family just called.  Everyone was ready. Zeynep and her family just called.  Everyone was ready. They went to Starbucks.  I'm going to join them too They went to Starbucks.  I'm going to join them too They went to Starbucks.  I'm going to join them too .  It's so hot! Do I have to wait for you every morning?  We set off.  İlke is holding Do I have to wait for you every morning?  We set off.  İlke is holding Do I have to wait for you every morning?  We set off.  İlke is holding the camera.  The weather is lovely.  That's why I have this restless the camera.  The weather is lovely.  That's why I have this restless the camera.  The weather is lovely.  That's why I have this restless excitement inside me excitement inside me excitement inside me .  What do you think, İlke? .  What do you think, İlke? .  What do you think, İlke? I feel great on any warm day I feel great on any warm day I feel great on any warm day .   I don't feel any kind of bubbling .   I don't feel any kind of bubbling .   I don't feel any kind of bubbling excitement inside, though excitement inside, though excitement inside, though .   Isn't there .   Isn't there .   Isn't there a buzz of excitement?  Restless a buzz of excitement?  Restless a buzz of excitement?  Restless . . . Exactly.  We're leaving now, we've Exactly.  We're leaving now, we've Exactly.  We're leaving now, we've arrived at the cashier's house.  We don't know what Zeynep Bengü and Zeynep's older sister, arrived at the cashier's house.  We don't know what Zeynep Bengü and Zeynep's older sister, arrived at the cashier's house.  We don't know what Zeynep Bengü and Zeynep's older sister, Sude, did.  I'm going to put on lipstick Sude, did.  I'm going to put on lipstick Sude, did.  I'm going to put on lipstick .  Shall I make one for you too? .  Shall I make one for you too? .  Shall I make one for you too? Do you want a lip combo? Do you want a lip combo? Do you want a lip combo? No. No. No. Okey. Okey. Okey. We arrived in one hour and eleven minutes! We arrived in one hour and eleven minutes! We arrived in one hour and eleven minutes! The journey was a bit slow.  That's why it's good. The journey was a bit slow.  That's why it's good. The journey was a bit slow.  That's why it's good. So we came slowly.  Are you ready?  Are So we came slowly.  Are you ready?  Are So we came slowly.  Are you ready?  Are you ready? you ready? you ready? Yes. Yes. Yes. Zeynep [grumbles] is calling.  Let's get off. Zeynep [grumbles] is calling.  Let's get off. Zeynep [grumbles] is calling.  Let's get off. We'll meet up with Zeynep and the others. We'll meet up with Zeynep and the others. We'll meet up with Zeynep and the others. Today we're doing your favorite activity.   Ok Today we're doing your favorite activity.   Ok Today we're doing your favorite activity.   Ok .  Today I'm going to .  Today I'm going to .  Today I'm going to teach you how to shop quickly.   Don't worry, teach you how to shop quickly.   Don't worry, buddy.  We were just about to accuse you of wrongdoing. buddy.  We were just about to accuse you of wrongdoing. buddy.  We were just about to accuse you of wrongdoing. We were saying that Zeynep and her friends had gone inside without waiting We were saying that Zeynep and her friends had gone inside without waiting We were saying that Zeynep and her friends had gone inside without waiting .   He does .   He does .   He does n't know.   What am I unaware of n't know.   What am I unaware of n't know.   What am I unaware of ? ? ? From where?   What am I unaware of From where?   What am I unaware of From where?   What am I unaware of ? ? ? I found a really nice skirt, but I found a really nice skirt, but I found a really nice skirt, but I can't find anything to go with it.  I want to create an outfit directly I can't find anything to go with it.  I want to create an outfit directly I can't find anything to go with it.  I want to create an outfit directly .  Raise your hand if you are hungry.   For the .  Raise your hand if you are hungry.   For the .  Raise your hand if you are hungry.   For the first time ever, I'm not hungry.   For first time ever, I'm not hungry.   For first time ever, I'm not hungry.   For the first time, Zeynep isn't hungry.  What should we do?   Should we eat the first time, Zeynep isn't hungry.  What should we do?   Should we eat the first time, Zeynep isn't hungry.  What should we do?   Should we eat ?  I'm very hungry.   Let ?  I'm very hungry.   Let ?  I'm very hungry.   Let 's eat now.  Then Zeynep and I 's eat now.  Then Zeynep and I 's eat now.  Then Zeynep and I will eat again.   Is that will eat again.   Is that will eat again.   Is that possible, possible, possible, brother?  I'm really close friends right now brother?  I'm really close friends right now brother?  I'm really close friends right now .  We can find the same thing in Izmit. .  We can find the same thing in Izmit. .  We can find the same thing in Izmit. Yes.  This is all I could find.  I couldn't find anything else Yes.  This is all I could find.  I couldn't find anything else Yes.  This is all I could find.  I couldn't find anything else . . . I found a really cute top.  What I found a really cute top.  What I found a really cute top.  What do you think of this top suit? do you think of this top suit? do you think of this top suit? Very good. Very good. Very good. I'll buy this I'll buy this I'll buy this .  I was about to knock you over! .  I was about to knock you over! .  I was about to knock you over! You look a lot like Finess.  Are you Fenius?  Mush, You look a lot like Finess.  Are you Fenius?  Mush, You look a lot like Finess.  Are you Fenius?  Mush, I'm I'm I'm Fus, look, stand next to me, isn't it the same Fus? It's about Fus, look, stand next to me, isn't it the same Fus? It's about Fus, look, stand next to me, isn't it the same Fus? It's about passing [singing] I don't know what to do, to don't know what to do, to don't know what to do, to make a rocket or to go a long way make a rocket or to go a long way make a rocket or to go a long way [singing] Should we go eat? They eat? They eat? They don't want to eat, don't want to eat, don't want to eat, bro, let's go right away, look, I didn't even tell them, I bro, let's go right away, look, I didn't even tell them, I swear, are we going to do something like this right now? Bro, let's tell them, bro, swear, are we going to do something like this right now? Bro, let's tell them, bro, put your conscience aside, just come eat that meal, bro, put your conscience aside, just come eat that meal, bro, but let's tell them.  Let's deliver the news. but let's tell them.  Let's deliver the news. but let's tell them.  Let's deliver the news. What are you doing?  Come on, follow me.   We What are you doing?  Come on, follow me.   We What are you doing?  Come on, follow me.   We will let you know. will let you know. will let you know. Follow me. Follow me. We'll deliver the good news when we can deliver the bad news.  No problem, We'll deliver the good news when we can deliver the bad news.  No problem, We'll deliver the good news when we can deliver the bad news.  No problem, but by phone. but by phone. but by phone. Yes.  Zeynep and her friends are not hungry.  If Yes.  Zeynep and her friends are not hungry.  If Yes.  Zeynep and her friends are not hungry.  If they get hungry, they want to eat shakshak. they get hungry, they want to eat shakshak. they get hungry, they want to eat shakshak. We're going to eat Zula.  That's why we're We're going to eat Zula.  That's why we're We're going to eat Zula.  That's why we're leaving now.  How about we make Zula our shared meal from now on leaving now.  How about we make Zula our shared meal from now on leaving now.  How about we make Zula our shared meal from now on ?  Would you like a hamburger?   Let it be ?  Would you like a hamburger?   Let it be ?  Would you like a hamburger?   Let it be .  Let it be. .  Let it be. .  Let it be. Because you love dumplings so much.  I Because you love dumplings so much.  I Because you love dumplings so much.  I love hamburgers too.  The middle of the two of you.   Thank you love hamburgers too.  The middle of the two of you.   Thank you love hamburgers too.  The middle of the two of you.   Thank you .  Hello. .  Hello. .  Hello. We want hamburgers inside.  Neither of them will We want hamburgers inside.  Neither of them will We want hamburgers inside.  Neither of them will contain onions.  They're moderately good pissers.  Are you okay contain onions.  They're moderately good pissers.  Are you okay contain onions.  They're moderately good pissers.  Are you okay or dirty?  Should we aim for average?   I hope or dirty?  Should we aim for average?   I hope or dirty?  Should we aim for average?   I hope mine is okay. mine is okay. mine is okay. One is good, the other is average. One is good, the other is average. One is good, the other is average. Of [music] Of [music] Of [music] of of.  My favourite. We ate our meal.  Now we've come to Zeynep's side We ate our meal.  Now we've come to Zeynep's side We ate our meal.  Now we've come to Zeynep's side .  What's up? .  What's up? .  What's up? What did you buy? What did you buy? What did you buy? Very nice Pantone.   Show me Very nice Pantone.   Show me Very nice Pantone.   Show me . . . A buffer like that.   Is it A buffer like that.   Is it A buffer like that.   Is it low?  Very average, average, good, bad side, low?  Very average, average, good, bad side, low?  Very average, average, good, bad side, very [music] I'm sorry for you, very [music] I'm sorry for you, very [music] I'm sorry for you, I'm looking for shorts but I can't find any, I'm looking for shorts but I can't find any, I'm looking for shorts but I can't find any, man, I couldn't find anything I wanted, man, I couldn't find anything I wanted, man, I couldn't find anything I wanted, I know, I know, I know, man, there's nothing different again, yeah, man, there's nothing different again, yeah, man, there's nothing different again, yeah, I want to buy shorts, what do you I want to buy shorts, what do you I want to buy shorts, what do you mean, mean, mean, a service here, a service here, a service here, hey, I also want to do something, I've hey, I also want to do something, I've hey, I also want to do something, I've never seen army-patterned pants, did you never seen army-patterned pants, did you never seen army-patterned pants, did you have army-patterned pants? No, I don't have army-patterned pants? No, I don't have army-patterned pants? No, I don't want anything like that, I want something narrower, want anything like that, I want something narrower, want anything like that, I want something narrower, like normal jeans [music] like normal jeans [music] like normal jeans [music] .  Zeynep .  Zeynep .  Zeynep couldn't stop spending money.   It couldn't stop spending money.   It couldn't stop spending money.   It will be long.  We'll wait for him too. will be long.  We'll wait for him too. will be long.  We'll wait for him too. I'm asking why you didn't buy anything?  You can I'm asking why you didn't buy anything?  You can I'm asking why you didn't buy anything?  You can continue using the internet, don't get used to it. continue using the internet, don't get used to it. continue using the internet, don't get used to it. Dude, I'm going to be browsing around here and buying things like that. Dude, I'm going to be browsing around here and buying things like that. Dude, I'm going to be browsing around here and buying things like that. Online shopping is the best. Online shopping is the best. Online shopping is the best. Yes, that's absolutely true.  I also didn't know that from the open Yes, that's absolutely true.  I also didn't know that from the open Yes, that's absolutely true.  I also didn't know that from the open internet internet internet .  It's .  It's .  It's not actually healthy, but okay. not actually healthy, but okay. not actually healthy, but okay. Oh, Oh, Oh, my sister bought me a gift. my sister bought me a gift. my sister bought me a gift. What did you buy? What did you buy? What did you buy? Long champion.   Did Long champion.   Did Long champion.   Did you buy it? My sister was late, but it's okay, My sister was late, but it's okay, My sister was late, but it's okay, brother.  I'm not buying anything. brother.  I'm not buying anything. brother.  I'm not buying anything. You're a bad person, I'm not getting anything, You're a bad person, I'm not getting anything, You're a bad person, I'm not getting anything, buddy.  I recently bought Defne a Lego set. buddy.  I recently bought Defne a Lego set. buddy.  I recently bought Defne a Lego set. Huge.  I buy it too. Huge.  I buy it too. Huge.  I buy it too. But nobody buys me gifts.  I don't have an older sister, I don't have an older But nobody buys me gifts.  I don't have an older sister, I don't have an older But nobody buys me gifts.  I don't have an older sister, I don't have an older brother.  I'm the older sister. brother.  I'm the older sister. brother.  I'm the older sister. I'm getting one for Hüseyin too.  For example, I'm going to buy Hüseyin a birthday I'm getting one for Hüseyin too.  For example, I'm going to buy Hüseyin a birthday I'm getting one for Hüseyin too.  For example, I'm going to buy Hüseyin a birthday present.  I will also receive my payment two months present.  I will also receive my payment two months present.  I will also receive my payment two months late. late. late. We finished our shopping.  I didn't buy much anyway. We finished our shopping.  I didn't buy much anyway. We finished our shopping.  I didn't buy much anyway. I bought about four items, and they're all I bought about four items, and they're all I bought about four items, and they're all very nice.  I'll show it at home.  Now we very nice.  I'll show it at home.  Now we very nice.  I'll show it at home.  Now we 're going to the street.  We'll have a drink to the match. 're going to the street.  We'll have a drink to the match. 're going to the street.  We'll have a drink to the match. Don't hit my bag, Ilke.  Don't do that, son.  Don't do that, Don't hit my bag, Ilke.  Don't do that, son.  Don't do that, Don't hit my bag, Ilke.  Don't do that, son.  Don't do that, my child.  Don't do that.  Look, my child.  Don't do that.  Look, my child.  Don't do that.  Look, don't be an orangutan, kid. don't be an orangutan, kid. don't be an orangutan, kid. Son, I'm not going to take you out for a walk again Son, I'm not going to take you out for a walk again Son, I'm not going to take you out for a walk again .  Look, the older brothers are getting angry. .  Look, the older brothers are getting angry. .  Look, the older brothers are getting angry. Your older brothers are watching you and getting angry.  The girl's older brother. Your older brothers are watching you and getting angry.  The girl's older brother. Your older brothers are watching you and getting angry.  The girl's older brother. I'm really scared of this conversation.  Someone's I'm really scared of this conversation.  Someone's I'm really scared of this conversation.  Someone's really angry, son. really angry, son. really angry, son. I thought someone was really angry and I almost wet myself.   For example, if I thought someone was really angry and I almost wet myself.   For example, if I thought someone was really angry and I almost wet myself.   For example, if I had a child, I I had a child, I I had a child, I wouldn't do anything.  I'll see that he'll stop wouldn't do anything.  I'll see that he'll stop wouldn't do anything.  I'll see that he'll stop moving out of fear. moving out of fear. moving out of fear. How do you look, son?  That's shameful.  First, put that foot down. son?  That's shameful.  First, put that foot down. son?  That's shameful.  First, put that foot down. Download quickly. Download quickly. Download quickly. We're comfortable, bro.   Put We're comfortable, bro.   Put We're comfortable, bro.   Put it down, it down, it down, kid.  Let's go.  Get up.  We've arrived. kid.  Let's go.  Get up.  We've arrived. kid.  Let's go.  Get up.  We've arrived. Zeynep isn't here yet, they'll be here a little longer Zeynep isn't here yet, they'll be here a little longer Zeynep isn't here yet, they'll be here a little longer .  Get up.  Put your foot down. .  Get up.  Put your foot down. .  Get up.  Put your foot down. You're making us look ridiculous. You're making us look ridiculous. You're making us look ridiculous. Nobody comes here anyway.  Look, there's Nobody comes here anyway.  Look, there's Nobody comes here anyway.  Look, there's a car behind us right now and we're going to be embarrassed a car behind us right now and we're going to be embarrassed a car behind us right now and we're going to be embarrassed .  Look, they're looking for you.  We need to open it quickly .  Look, they're looking for you.  We need to open it quickly .  Look, they're looking for you.  We need to open it quickly .  Don't do that.   I .  Don't do that.   I .  Don't do that.   I greet you.  Who's calling in the back?  Let greet you.  Who's calling in the back?  Let greet you.  Who's calling in the back?  Let me see. me see. me see. Hopefully it's not one of the Zeyneps. Hopefully it's not one of the Zeyneps. Hopefully it's not one of the Zeyneps. Hopefully it's Zeynep. Hopefully it's Zeynep. Hopefully it's Zeynep. No.   Don't No.   Don't answer if Zeynep Keleş calls.  Why did you close it?   Open it again, answer if Zeynep Keleş calls.  Why did you close it?   Open it again, answer if Zeynep Keleş calls.  Why did you close it?   Open it again, open it.  The phone signal is already weak.  Open it open it.  The phone signal is already weak.  Open it open it.  The phone signal is already weak.  Open it quickly. quickly. quickly. Kralinho isn't taking a picture. Kralinho isn't taking a picture. Kralinho isn't taking a picture. Open quickly. Open quickly. Open quickly. Yes, folks, this is Zeynep's number.   If Yes, folks, this is Zeynep's number.   If Yes, folks, this is Zeynep's number.   If they call, they call, they call, reject their call.  Zeynep says, "You went to the cafe and reject their call.  Zeynep says, "You went to the cafe and reject their call.  Zeynep says, "You went to the cafe and sat down, right?"  Ilke says sat down, right?"  Ilke says sat down, right?"  Ilke says yes, we are currently a 10-minute walk away yes, we are currently a 10-minute walk away yes, we are currently a 10-minute walk away .  Lies of principle.  Sometimes I see that there's .  Lies of principle.  Sometimes I see that there's .  Lies of principle.  Sometimes I see that there's a really big hill at school.  That's how I hold onto my a really big hill at school.  That's how I hold onto my a really big hill at school.  That's how I hold onto my principles on the hillside near that school principles on the hillside near that school principles on the hillside near that school .  He's peeing, that's why I'm .  He's peeing, that's why I'm .  He's peeing, that's why I'm holding on to İlke like this right now.  Ilke holding on to İlke like this right now.  Ilke holding on to İlke like this right now.  Ilke takes me under her wing like this, and that's how takes me under her wing like this, and that's how takes me under her wing like this, and that's how we walk together.  I'm leaving like this.   Do we walk together.  I'm leaving like this.   Do we walk together.  I'm leaving like this.   Do you remember?  I used to do that a lot at school you remember?  I used to do that a lot at school you remember?  I used to do that a lot at school .  Do you remember? .  Do you remember? .  Do you remember? Yes, I remember now. We finished our drinks.  We're going to see the baby now with a spontaneous We finished our drinks.  We're going to see the baby now with a spontaneous We finished our drinks.  We're going to see the baby now with a spontaneous plan. plan. plan. Was this the place? We're picking up our car.  We're going to see the baby. We're picking up our car.  We're going to see the baby. Guys, we have no idea what to do about the baby.  No, absolutely not Guys, we have no idea what to do about the baby.  No, absolutely not Guys, we have no idea what to do about the baby.  No, absolutely not .  You can't go too far and scare me.  I'm glad I don't .  You can't go too far and scare me.  I'm glad I don't .  You can't go too far and scare me.  I'm glad I don't eat it anymore.  You did the eat it anymore.  You did the eat it anymore.  You did the same thing yesterday. Where did this kid go?   I'm so fed up, Where did this kid go?   I'm so fed up, man.  I won't be afraid.  I won't be afraid.  Come here man.  I won't be afraid.  I won't be afraid.  Come here man.  I won't be afraid.  I won't be afraid.  Come here . . . I won't be afraid, you idiot.  No, buddy, you I won't be afraid, you idiot.  No, buddy, you I won't be afraid, you idiot.  No, buddy, you won't scare me.  Hey won't scare me.  Hey won't scare me.  Hey guys, İlke guys, İlke guys, İlke scared me again just now.  Because he's an idiot. scared me again just now.  Because he's an idiot. scared me again just now.  Because he's an idiot. He's not learning his lesson. He's not learning his lesson. He's not learning his lesson. Can you enlarge your nasal appendages? Can you enlarge your nasal appendages? Can you enlarge your nasal appendages? Look at him. Look at him. Look at him. Stop. Stop. Stop. Yes.  Come on, take a Yes.  Come on, take a Yes.  Come on, take a look. I do it more often. I do it more often. I do it more often. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Zeynep and her friends are in that car.  We left the car behind Zeynep and her friends are in that car.  We left the car behind Zeynep and her friends are in that car.  We left the car behind . . . How do they always manage to leave before us and arrive late? How do they always manage to leave before us and arrive late? How do they always manage to leave before us and arrive late? Oh, and we're doing it quite slowly, Oh, and we're doing it quite slowly, Oh, and we're doing it quite slowly, yes.  We got here by just wasting time like this. yes.  We got here by just wasting time like this. yes.  We got here by just wasting time like this. Now they'll park there too.  We Now they'll park there too.  We Now they'll park there too.  We parked.  What will we eat?  Shall parked.  What will we eat?  Shall parked.  What will we eat?  Shall we eat something?  First, I think we'll take a walk. we eat something?  First, I think we'll take a walk. we eat something?  First, I think we'll take a walk. Then we will have dinner.  I don't know.  Do you Then we will have dinner.  I don't know.  Do you Then we will have dinner.  I don't know.  Do you speak English all day? text We came to the ship cafe ship cafe boat cafe We came to the ship cafe ship cafe boat cafe We came to the ship cafe ship cafe boat cafe fish fish fish language We're eating crackers and drinking drinks and we're We're eating crackers and drinking drinks and we're We're eating crackers and drinking drinks and we're in a very nice place.  Did you like it?   Did in a very nice place.  Did you like it?   Did in a very nice place.  Did you like it?   Did everyone like it?  Is everyone okay?  Wow everyone like it?  Is everyone okay?  Wow everyone like it?  Is everyone okay?  Wow Sude, you Sude, you Sude, you were in another video with us, but you weren't saying anything. were in another video with us, but you weren't saying anything. were in another video with us, but you weren't saying anything. They said things like, "How could you exclude Sude?" They said things like, "How could you exclude Sude?" They said things like, "How could you exclude Sude?" These two sisters constantly These two sisters constantly These two sisters constantly feel excluded.   Was feel excluded.   Was feel excluded.   Was n't that the video of the principle? n't that the video of the principle? n't that the video of the principle? Yes.  Yes, sorry.  In İlke's video, Yes.  Yes, sorry.  In İlke's video, Yes.  Yes, sorry.  In İlke's video, they also wrote about me as... they also wrote about me as... they also wrote about me as... They thought I was innocent.  [laughter] If They thought I was innocent.  [laughter] If They thought I was innocent.  [laughter] If anyone's going to be excluded, it's not the girls first anyone's going to be excluded, it's not the girls first anyone's going to be excluded, it's not the girls first .  Let's watch it in the middle of a video .  Let's watch it in the middle of a video .  Let's watch it in the middle of a video . . . These are all gas paints. These are all gas paints. These are all gas paints. Although İlke was craving sushi, she Although İlke was craving sushi, she Although İlke was craving sushi, she agreed to have kumpir (a type of Turkish pastry) with us.  Table. agreed to have kumpir (a type of Turkish pastry) with us.  Table. agreed to have kumpir (a type of Turkish pastry) with us.  Table. We don't feel sorry for İlke because it always turns out she gets her way anyway We don't feel sorry for İlke because it always turns out she gets her way anyway We don't feel sorry for İlke because it always turns out she gets her way anyway .  For the first time, we got what we .  For the first time, we got what we .  For the first time, we got what we wanted.  I'm surprised right now. wanted.  I'm surprised right now. wanted.  I'm surprised right now. This is a first in human nature. This is a first in human nature. This is a first in human nature. Yes.  But is it Yes.  But is it Yes.  But is it obvious that I read a lot of books? obvious that I read a lot of books? obvious that I read a lot of books? I don't use the word "fitrah" (natural disposition). I don't use the word "fitrah" (natural disposition). I don't use the word "fitrah" (natural disposition). Which olives are these?   She's Which olives are these?   She's Which olives are these?   She's so happy.  The sushi fell into the water. so happy.  The sushi fell into the water. so happy.  The sushi fell into the water. Do you know what?  Where is the cow?  The mountain fled. Do you know what?  Where is the cow?  The mountain fled. Do you know what?  Where is the cow?  The mountain fled. Where is the mountain? Where is the mountain? Where is the mountain? No.  The mountain veered off to one side, fell down, and No.  The mountain veered off to one side, fell down, and No.  The mountain veered off to one side, fell down, and disappeared.  Or just plain cow.   This is the disappeared.  Or just plain cow.   This is the disappeared.  Or just plain cow.   This is the happiest moment of my life. happiest moment of my life. happiest moment of my life. I realized this.  I see mussels less often than baked potatoes these days I realized this.  I see mussels less often than baked potatoes these days I realized this.  I see mussels less often than baked potatoes these days .  Think of it this way. .  Think of it this way. .  Think of it this way. I can eat kumpir (a type of Turkish pastry) every day, but I can eat kumpir (a type of Turkish pastry) every day, but I can eat kumpir (a type of Turkish pastry) every day, but I can't eat it every day.  That's why I can't eat it every day.  That's why I can't eat it every day.  That's why I decided I like kumpir (baked potato) more.   I'm I decided I like kumpir (baked potato) more.   I'm I decided I like kumpir (baked potato) more.   I'm not happy at all.  Why? not happy at all.  Why? not happy at all.  Why? We want to eat sushi, but you're eating it already. We want to eat sushi, but you're eating it already. We want to eat sushi, but you're eating it already. Beautiful.  I'm hungry because I was going to dip it in the sauce. Beautiful.  I'm hungry because I was going to dip it in the sauce. Beautiful.  I'm hungry because I was going to dip it in the sauce. My mouth is My mouth is My mouth is now stuck on the principle, lift the now stuck on the principle, lift the now stuck on the principle, lift the principle, it will scare me.  The first principle is that Zeynep principle, it will scare me.  The first principle is that Zeynep principle, it will scare me.  The first principle is that Zeynep will scare someone, bestie will scare someone, bestie will scare someone, bestie .  This is really frightening. .  This is really frightening. .  This is really frightening. Come on. You weren't that scared, were you?   He was scared You weren't that scared, were you?   He was scared You weren't that scared, were you?   He was scared .  He was terribly scared. .  He was terribly scared. .  He was terribly scared. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Stop.  A pentagon, right? You weren't that scared. You weren't that scared. You weren't that scared. I scared my wife a little this morning. I scared my wife a little this morning. I scared my wife a little this morning. He was arrested.  That's what happened. He was arrested.  That's what happened. He was arrested.  That's what happened. Show me.  That's awful, buddy.  This is the Show me.  That's awful, buddy.  This is the Show me.  That's awful, buddy.  This is the ugliest photo of me ever. ugliest photo of me ever. ugliest photo of me ever. Hey buddy, look at the photo. Hey buddy, look at the photo. Hey buddy, look at the photo. [laughter] That [laughter] That [laughter] That idiot accidentally took a picture. idiot accidentally took a picture. idiot accidentally took a picture. Show me again.   The Show me again.   The Show me again.   The moon is terrible. moon is terrible. moon is terrible. Okay guys, we're now on our way back Okay guys, we're now on our way back Okay guys, we're now on our way back and I'm and I'm and I'm at the theater with İlke.  Because we ran out of gas. at the theater with İlke.  Because we ran out of gas. at the theater with İlke.  Because we ran out of gas. I'm getting gas now.  Then we I'm getting gas now.  Then we I'm getting gas now.  Then we 'll go home.  The video isn't finished because 'll go home.  The video isn't finished because 'll go home.  The video isn't finished because we'll try recording at home with the principle in mind. we'll try recording at home with the principle in mind. I've been gradually learning about these recording programs and things like that for a while now. I've been gradually learning about these recording programs and things like that for a while now. I've been gradually learning about these recording programs and things like that for a while now. I'm not very proficient at it yet, but we'll try to I'm not very proficient at it yet, but we'll try to I'm not very proficient at it yet, but we'll try to do something today.  [music] I can't bear to hurt her. do something today.  [music] I can't bear to hurt her. do something today.  [music] I can't bear to hurt her. I don't believe. I don't believe. I don't believe. I've been waiting for you to grab the microphone for an hour, buddy.  Do you have no concept of time I've been waiting for you to grab the microphone for an hour, buddy.  Do you have no concept of time I've been waiting for you to grab the microphone for an hour, buddy.  Do you have no concept of time ?  What are you doing?  Where are ?  What are you doing?  Where are ?  What are you doing?  Where are the ingredients?  Where are the ingredients?  Let's do the ingredients?  Where are the ingredients?  Let's do the ingredients?  Where are the ingredients?  Let's do some cooking then.   Go quickly some cooking then.   Go quickly some cooking then.   Go quickly .  Happy New Year! .  Happy New Year! .  Happy New Year! İlken's 80,000 lira microphone has arrived.   We İlken's 80,000 lira microphone has arrived.   We İlken's 80,000 lira microphone has arrived.   We will start recording now.  We're in my room. will start recording now.  We're in my room. will start recording now.  We're in my room. We are being established.  We'll try something. We are being established.  We'll try something. We are being established.  We'll try something. Let's see how it goes.  I'm curious.  I Let's see how it goes.  I'm curious.  I Let's see how it goes.  I'm curious.  I am curious.  A quick [singing] love game.  Open this arm.  Isn't the echo a bit too loud love game.  Open this arm.  Isn't the echo a bit too loud love game.  Open this arm.  Isn't the echo a bit too loud ? ? ? We decided to record it.  What happened?  We couldn't adopt the principle We decided to record it.  What happened?  We couldn't adopt the principle We decided to record it.  What happened?  We couldn't adopt the principle . . . What's the problem?   We can't seem to What's the problem?   We can't seem to What's the problem?   We can't seem to connect the sound card to the computer connect the sound card to the computer connect the sound card to the computer . . . Our related problem. Our related problem. We can't record right now because the Bilgaser, or more precisely the sound card, is malfunctioning. We can't record right now because the Bilgaser, or more precisely the sound card, is malfunctioning. We can't record right now because the Bilgaser, or more precisely the sound card, is malfunctioning. The principle is trying to solve it.  That's how it ends up with everything I get excited about The principle is trying to solve it.  That's how it ends up with everything I get excited about The principle is trying to solve it.  That's how it ends up with everything I get excited about .  You've brought bad luck upon us. .  You've brought bad luck upon us. .  You've brought bad luck upon us. I just sang a song.  You jinxed it. I just sang a song.  You jinxed it. I just sang a song.  You jinxed it. Guys, Ilke just realized that the information she Guys, Ilke just realized that the information she Guys, Ilke just realized that the information she got from three people who have been using EFS Studio for 3 years was got from three people who have been using EFS Studio for 3 years was got from three people who have been using EFS Studio for 3 years was wrong, and wrong, and wrong, and she figured it out herself. she figured it out herself. she figured it out herself. Yes. Yes. Yes. I'm turning on the metro.   Hungry I'm turning on the metro.   Hungry I'm turning on the metro.   Hungry .  Ha [singing] .  Ha [singing] .  Ha [singing] ha. Wait, wait.  I got B vocals.  Didn't you buy Wait, wait.  I got B vocals.  Didn't you buy Wait, wait.  I got B vocals.  Didn't you buy those places?   Didn't you get it those places?   Didn't you get it those places?   Didn't you get it ?   Was ?   Was ?   Was n't the quick head nice just a moment ago? n't the quick head nice just a moment ago? n't the quick head nice just a moment ago? Yes.  3 2 1 Are Yes.  3 2 1 Are Yes.  3 2 1 Are you sure the metronome is accurate? you sure the metronome is accurate? you sure the metronome is accurate? 90 bpm, man.   Are 90 bpm, man.   Are 90 bpm, man.   Are you sure?  Yes. you sure?  Yes. you sure?  Yes. I think it plays differently.   Then I think it plays differently.   Then I think it plays differently.   Then we'll close down too.  I'm giving it. we'll close down too.  I'm giving it. we'll close down too.  I'm giving it. Close, close, close text.  I saw you Close, close, close text.  I saw you Close, close, close text.  I saw you from afar, from afar, from afar, my heart jumped out of my chest.  It's as if I've already become an my heart jumped out of my chest.  It's as if I've already become an my heart jumped out of my chest.  It's as if I've already become an admirer of yours.  If only you could see how I feel, it's admirer of yours.  If only you could see how I feel, it's admirer of yours.  If only you could see how I feel, it's not obvious. not obvious. not obvious. Why did it come out? Why did it come out? Why did it come out? What happened?   The What happened?   The What happened?   The sound suddenly cut out of the headphones, but only for a split sound suddenly cut out of the headphones, but only for a split sound suddenly cut out of the headphones, but only for a split second.  Buy another one. second.  Buy another one. second.  Buy another one. How far did you manage to record? How far did you manage to record? How far did you manage to record? I bought quite a few though.  I'll take another one.  Let this I bought quite a few though.  I'll take another one.  Let this I bought quite a few though.  I'll take another one.  Let this be an exercise. be an exercise. be an exercise. Another purchase.  Yes.  My sound engineer is Another purchase.  Yes.  My sound engineer is Another purchase.  Yes.  My sound engineer is here too.  Oh my coach, here too.  Oh my coach, here too.  Oh my coach, I also saw you from afar, I also saw you from afar, I also saw you from afar, my heart jumped out of my chest.  It's as if I've already become an my heart jumped out of my chest.  It's as if I've already become an my heart jumped out of my chest.  It's as if I've already become an admirer of yours.  I wish you could see how I feel admirer of yours.  I wish you could see how I feel admirer of yours.  I wish you could see how I feel .  The sound goes through there.  He went to the same place .  The sound goes through there.  He went to the same place .  The sound goes through there.  He went to the same place again. again. again. Ok then.  There's a problem in Bigit.   Let's Ok then.  There's a problem in Bigit.   Let's Ok then.  There's a problem in Bigit.   Let's hear it. hear it. hear it. My son, can you hear my voice? May our marriage bring good fortune and blessings to our family My son, can you hear my voice? May our marriage bring good fortune and blessings to our family My son, can you hear my voice? May our marriage bring good fortune and blessings to our family .  Now we're listening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. We've completed the registration process.  Ilke Kacanzi, We've completed the registration process.  Ilke Kacanzi, We've completed the registration process.  Ilke Kacanzi, I love you.  See you later. I love you.  See you later. I love you.  See you later. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Bye bye bye bye bye bye bye.  Your bag is Bye bye bye bye bye bye bye.  Your bag is Bye bye bye bye bye bye bye.  Your bag is nice, friend.  I think the next nice, friend.  I think the next nice, friend.  I think the next thing that's going to go incredibly viral is camouflage thing that's going to go incredibly viral is camouflage thing that's going to go incredibly viral is camouflage patterns.  Okay, bye bye.  Goodnight. patterns.  Okay, bye bye.  Goodnight. patterns.  Okay, bye bye.  Goodnight. Now Now Now I'll show you what I bought.   We've I'll show you what I bought.   We've I'll show you what I bought.   We've already recorded it.  It was just a random already recorded it.  It was just a random already recorded it.  It was just a random recording.  Some things went well, some recording.  Some things went well, some recording.  Some things went well, some things went badly. things went badly. things went badly. Of course, there's a lot I need to work on, but Of course, there's a lot I need to work on, but you can know I'm working on new songs. you can know I'm working on new songs. you can know I'm working on new songs. I'll show you what I bought today.  I also had a set that I bought online I'll show you what I bought today.  I also had a set that I bought online I'll show you what I bought today.  I also had a set that I bought online .  He arrived yesterday. .  He arrived yesterday. .  He arrived yesterday. I'll show it to you.  First, I bought a really nice pair of black I'll show it to you.  First, I bought a really nice pair of black I'll show it to you.  First, I bought a really nice pair of black bottoms.  I realized I didn't have a single pair of comfortable shorts bottoms.  I realized I didn't have a single pair of comfortable shorts bottoms.  I realized I didn't have a single pair of comfortable shorts .  I always wear these cot .  I always wear these cot .  I always wear these cot shorts.  It looks a bit more loose-fitting, but shorts.  It looks a bit more loose-fitting, but shorts.  It looks a bit more loose-fitting, but also classic.  So also classic.  So you can wear a nice top and go to a nice restaurant for dinner. you can wear a nice top and go to a nice restaurant for dinner. you can wear a nice top and go to a nice restaurant for dinner. You can attend a birthday party. You can attend a birthday party. You can attend a birthday party. I think it looks good because of the fabric; look, it I think it looks good because of the fabric; look, it I think it looks good because of the fabric; look, it has a stiff and nice fabric. has a stiff and nice fabric. has a stiff and nice fabric. A combination that could become a classic.  That's why A combination that could become a classic.  That's why A combination that could become a classic.  That's why I bought it, because I liked it so much.  That's exactly what I bought it, because I liked it so much.  That's exactly what I bought it, because I liked it so much.  That's exactly what I wanted.  A nice pair of shorts I can wear anytime I wanted.  A nice pair of shorts I can wear anytime I wanted.  A nice pair of shorts I can wear anytime .  The only concern is that I hope it won't be too big in these .  The only concern is that I hope it won't be too big in these .  The only concern is that I hope it won't be too big in these areas; that areas; that areas; that worries me a little, but I doubt it.  Because I think there are worries me a little, but I doubt it.  Because I think there are worries me a little, but I doubt it.  Because I think there are plenty of different models. plenty of different models. plenty of different models. I can even wear this top over these shorts. I can even wear this top over these shorts. I can even wear this top over these shorts. I immediately fell in love with this top, guys.  Very good. I immediately fell in love with this top, guys.  Very good. I immediately fell in love with this top, guys.  Very good. I already love these tying styles I already love these tying styles I already love these tying styles .  It has a halter neck and laces at the back .  It has a halter neck and laces at the back .  It has a halter neck and laces at the back .  This is how you connect it.   Let .  This is how you connect it.   Let .  This is how you connect it.   Let me show you hypothetically.  Look here me show you hypothetically.  Look here me show you hypothetically.  Look here .  It's a very nice top. .  It's a very nice top. .  It's a very nice top. It's not very clear right now, but it's polka dot and like that It's not very clear right now, but it's polka dot and like that It's not very clear right now, but it's polka dot and like that .  Very sweet.  I loved this. .  Very sweet.  I loved this. .  Very sweet.  I loved this. I bought it because I liked it.  I hope I can style this nicely too I bought it because I liked it.  I hope I can style this nicely too I bought it because I liked it.  I hope I can style this nicely too . . . I thought I could just combine this with shorts.  I came up with this combination in my head I thought I could just combine this with shorts.  I came up with this combination in my head I thought I could just combine this with shorts.  I came up with this combination in my head .  Hopefully it will happen.   We .  Hopefully it will happen.   We .  Hopefully it will happen.   We also have a skirt.  I've fallen in love with this skirt also have a skirt.  I've fallen in love with this skirt also have a skirt.  I've fallen in love with this skirt .  Very good.  It's not a .  Very good.  It's not a .  Very good.  It's not a color I usually use or prefer, color I usually use or prefer, color I usually use or prefer, but I really liked it.   It but I really liked it.   It but I really liked it.   It was brown.  I chose this. was brown.  I chose this. was brown.  I chose this. This is actually a pair of shorts.  And This is actually a pair of shorts.  And This is actually a pair of shorts.  And shorts from behind.  And they're very comfortable and loose-fitting shorts from behind.  And they're very comfortable and loose-fitting shorts from behind.  And they're very comfortable and loose-fitting shorts.  But it looks like a skirt from the front.  I shorts.  But it looks like a skirt from the front.  I shorts.  But it looks like a skirt from the front.  I love things like this.  Because short love things like this.  Because short love things like this.  Because short skirts are both looser and more comfortable, skirts are both looser and more comfortable, skirts are both looser and more comfortable, and since they're short, and since they're short, and since they're short, you can feel more comfortable in them. you can feel more comfortable in them. you can feel more comfortable in them. I bought this because I really liked it. I bought this because I really liked it. I bought this because I really liked it. I'll show you my team that I assembled online. I'll show you my team that I assembled online. I'll show you my team that I assembled online. I fell in love with its color.  Tiffany blue might be what you know, I fell in love with its color.  Tiffany blue might be what you know, I fell in love with its color.  Tiffany blue might be what you know, or perhaps it has a slightly greener tone or perhaps it has a slightly greener tone or perhaps it has a slightly greener tone .  That's great.  I love it.  This is the .  That's great.  I love it.  This is the .  That's great.  I love it.  This is the top one.  This crop top is a top.  I'm top one.  This crop top is a top.  I'm going to wear a grey or white tank top underneath and combine it with that outfit.  Because I do going to wear a grey or white tank top underneath and combine it with that outfit.  Because I do going to wear a grey or white tank top underneath and combine it with that outfit.  Because I do n't want it to be too green. n't want it to be too green. n't want it to be too green. I'll add a different color to it.  Gray or I'll add a different color to it.  Gray or I'll add a different color to it.  Gray or white.  I generally like to dress in colorful clothes, white.  I generally like to dress in colorful clothes, white.  I generally like to dress in colorful clothes, guys.  I know it's not for everyone, guys.  I know it's not for everyone, guys.  I know it's not for everyone, but I like it. but I like it. but I like it. I've always I've always preferred these kinds of colors to combinations that use similar shades. preferred these kinds of colors to combinations that use similar shades. preferred these kinds of colors to combinations that use similar shades. I didn't want to miss the opportunity when I saw it.  I bought it online.   I I didn't want to miss the opportunity when I saw it.  I bought it online.   I I didn't want to miss the opportunity when I saw it.  I bought it online.   I go and buy it online.  If there's something I really like go and buy it online.  If there's something I really like go and buy it online.  If there's something I really like .  I hope .  I hope .  I hope you enjoyed my purchase.  We you enjoyed my purchase.  We you enjoyed my purchase.  We did everything together these two days. did everything together these two days. did everything together these two days. We went to the cinema.  We went to Istanbul and came back.  We went back and forth to We went to the cinema.  We went to Istanbul and came back.  We went back and forth to We went to the cinema.  We went to Istanbul and came back.  We went back and forth to Istanbul again. Istanbul again. Istanbul again. We spent time with our friends and it was a really We spent time with our friends and it was a really We spent time with our friends and it was a really great couple of days.  I great couple of days.  I great couple of days.  I really enjoy filming vlogs like this while summer isn't over yet really enjoy filming vlogs like this while summer isn't over yet really enjoy filming vlogs like this while summer isn't over yet .  Maybe .  Maybe .  Maybe I can do a similar weekly vlog-style thing next week, if you'd like I can do a similar weekly vlog-style thing next week, if you'd like I can do a similar weekly vlog-style thing next week, if you'd like .  I've been waking up early for the past two days .  I've been waking up early for the past two days .  I've been waking up early for the past two days and having a very productive day.  Now it's and having a very productive day.  Now it's and having a very productive day.  Now it's time to lie down and rest. time to lie down and rest. time to lie down and rest. I love you all so much, lots of kisses.  Take good I love you all so much, lots of kisses.  Take good I love you all so much, lots of kisses.  Take good care of yourselves.  Don't forget to like the video, care of yourselves.  Don't forget to like the video, care of yourselves.  Don't forget to like the video, subscribe to my channel, and leave your comments subscribe to my channel, and leave your comments subscribe to my channel, and leave your comments .  See you later.  House.