Hey, welcome to my channel. My name is
Ruby and I make sewing patterns. And
today we're going to be making my fold
over waistband micro and mini shorts
design. There's a printed home pattern
that goes along with this design at the
first link down below. It comes in sizes
extra extra small to 4XL. It's fairly
beginner friendly, but I would recommend
getting some practice in sewing knits
before you attempt this. But yeah, you
can check out all my other patterns at
the second link down below. Like and
subscribe, please. And yeah, let's get
into the tutorial.
The print settings for this pattern are
scale 100% and double-sided off. You can
use A4 or letter size paper to print.
This pattern is compatible with Adobe
Acrobat as well, and using Acrobat
allows you to print only your desired
size. To do this, open the file in
Acrobat, then open the layers panel, and
then deselect all other sizes besides
your own, leaving the details and the
borders. You don't have to use Acrobat
to print, but that option is there. Once
you've printed the pattern, you'll cut
out each piece of paper along the
outside of their borders.
Then you'll match up each piece one at a
time according to the pattern layout in
the info file. You tape each piece in
place and then cut out the pattern
pieces in your desired size.
You should have cut out a shorts piece,
a waistband piece, and a gusset piece.
Identify the finished edge that runs
along the length of the fabric. This is
the salvage. The grain line printed on
each pattern piece runs parallel to the
salvage,
while the main stretch runs parallel to
the cut edge. Place your pattern pieces
with the grain line parallel to the
salvage and cut out two of each piece.
When you're cutting out your pattern
pieces, mark every notch indicated on
each piece with a disappearing fabric
marker. Don't cut the notches. Only mark
them with a fabric marker. You should
have two shorts pieces, two waistband
pieces, and two gusset pieces.
When sewing this pattern, if you don't
have a serger available, you'll need to
use stretch stitches on your sewing
machine for the majority of the seams.
Most commonly, people will use zigzag
stitches, but if you look at your sewing
machine manual, you might have more
stretch stitch options or overcasting
stitches that are meant for stretch
fabrics. Before you start sewing, use a
scrap piece of your fabric to test out
different stretch stitches to ensure
that they allow the fabric to stretch
without the threads breaking.
First off, let's prepare the gusset.
Take your two gusset pieces and place
them together, wrong sides facing each
other, matching up the notches, and use
a straight based stitch to stitch the
two pieces together along the length on
both sides. You're basing the two gusset
pieces together so that they can
function as one. Moving
on to the shorts pieces. We'll be using
stretch stitches from here. Place the
two shorts pieces together, right sides
facing. Pin the back crotch seams
together and stitch them together at the
crotch using a stretch stitch on your
sewing machine or a serger with a 1/4 in
seam allowance.
Now you'll do the same for the front
crotch seam, pinning and stitching the
crotch back together using a stretch
stitch or serger with a/4 in seam
allowance.
Now we're going to attach the gusset to
the inseam of the shorts. Unfold the
back crotch seam at its end so that the
inseam is open with the right side
facing up. Take your gusset piece and
pin it along the inseam, right sides
facing, meeting the notch on the gusset
to the crotch seam and meeting each end
of the gusset to the hem of the shorts.
Stitch the gusset to the inseam using a
stretch stitch or a serger with a 1/4 in
seam allowance.
Now you'll do the same for the front,
meeting the other edge of the gusset
piece to the right side of the front
inseam. Meeting the notch on the gusset
to the front crotch seam and meeting
each end of the gusset to the hem of the
shorts. Stitch the gusset to the inseam
using a stretch stitch or serger with
a/4in seam allowance. To secure your
stitch further and reduce bulk, press
the seam allowance towards the shorts
and use a straight stitch to stitch the
seam allowance down to the shorts pieces
for both the front and the back gusset/
inseam seams.
Now we're moving on to the waistband.
Take one waistband piece and fold the
piece so that the wrong sides are facing
along the fold line. The fold line is
indicated by the singular notches. Use
your iron to hard press the fold line.
Repeat this for the second waistband
piece.
Unfold the waistband pieces and place
the two pieces together, right sides
facing. Identify the side seams as the
sides with the singular notches. Pin the
waistband pieces together along the side
seams, being sure to line up the notches
and stitch them together along the side
seams using a stretch stitch or a serger
with a 1/4 in seam allowance. Do this
for both side seams. Now you'll have a
cylindrical waistband piece. Open the
cylinder and bring the open ends of the
waistband to meet each other, matching
the double notches and side seam ends
and refolding the fabric where you had
pressed it before. You should still have
a cylindrical piece. Now we will join
the shorts to the waistband. You're
going to place the shorts right side out
inside the waistband cylinder. So the
top of the shorts meets the open
unfinished side of the waistband. Meet
the notches on the shorts to the side
seams of the waistband and meet the
notches of the waistband to the
front/back crotch seam ends. Pinning all
three layers of the fabric together all
around the opening.
Stitch the waistband to the shorts,
sewing all the way around the opening
through the three layers of fabric using
a stretch stitch or serger with a 1/4 in
seam allowance.
Unfold the waistband so you can see the
seam where the shorts and the waistband
meet. To reduce bulk, press the
shorts/waistband seam allowance towards
the shorts and use a stretch stitch to
stitch the seam allowance down to the
shorts piece. I suggest using a wide and
long zigzag stitch to allow for maximum
stretch at this step.
Now, all that's left to complete this is
the hem. Fold the shorts wrong side out
and at each leg opening, fold up the hem
3/4 of an inch and press the hem in
place all the way around.
If you don't have access to a cover
stitch machine for hemming stretch
fabrics, you can use a stretch stitch
once again or a twin needle for a more
professional finish. With any of these
options, you'll stitch the 3/4 in hem in
place.
What the dog doing?
Thanks so much for watching. I hope your
shorts turned out perfect. If you have
any questions, feel free to leave a
comment down below or message me on
Etsy. Um like and subscribe please
please please please please
