Hey, welcome to my channel. My name is Hey, welcome to my channel. My name is Hey, welcome to my channel. My name is Ruby and I make sewing patterns. And Ruby and I make sewing patterns. And Ruby and I make sewing patterns. And today we're going to be making my fold today we're going to be making my fold today we're going to be making my fold over waistband micro and mini shorts over waistband micro and mini shorts over waistband micro and mini shorts design. There's a printed home pattern design. There's a printed home pattern design. There's a printed home pattern that goes along with this design at the that goes along with this design at the that goes along with this design at the first link down below. It comes in sizes first link down below. It comes in sizes first link down below. It comes in sizes extra extra small to 4XL. It's fairly extra extra small to 4XL. It's fairly extra extra small to 4XL. It's fairly beginner friendly, but I would recommend beginner friendly, but I would recommend beginner friendly, but I would recommend getting some practice in sewing knits getting some practice in sewing knits getting some practice in sewing knits before you attempt this. But yeah, you before you attempt this. But yeah, you before you attempt this. But yeah, you can check out all my other patterns at can check out all my other patterns at can check out all my other patterns at the second link down below. Like and the second link down below. Like and the second link down below. Like and subscribe, please. And yeah, let's get subscribe, please. And yeah, let's get subscribe, please. And yeah, let's get into the tutorial. >> The print settings for this pattern are >> The print settings for this pattern are >> The print settings for this pattern are scale 100% and double-sided off. You can scale 100% and double-sided off. You can scale 100% and double-sided off. You can use A4 or letter size paper to print. use A4 or letter size paper to print. use A4 or letter size paper to print. This pattern is compatible with Adobe This pattern is compatible with Adobe This pattern is compatible with Adobe Acrobat as well, and using Acrobat Acrobat as well, and using Acrobat Acrobat as well, and using Acrobat allows you to print only your desired allows you to print only your desired allows you to print only your desired size. To do this, open the file in size. To do this, open the file in size. To do this, open the file in Acrobat, then open the layers panel, and Acrobat, then open the layers panel, and Acrobat, then open the layers panel, and then deselect all other sizes besides then deselect all other sizes besides then deselect all other sizes besides your own, leaving the details and the your own, leaving the details and the your own, leaving the details and the borders. You don't have to use Acrobat borders. You don't have to use Acrobat borders. You don't have to use Acrobat to print, but that option is there. Once to print, but that option is there. Once to print, but that option is there. Once you've printed the pattern, you'll cut you've printed the pattern, you'll cut you've printed the pattern, you'll cut out each piece of paper along the out each piece of paper along the out each piece of paper along the outside of their borders. outside of their borders. outside of their borders. Then you'll match up each piece one at a Then you'll match up each piece one at a Then you'll match up each piece one at a time according to the pattern layout in time according to the pattern layout in time according to the pattern layout in the info file. You tape each piece in the info file. You tape each piece in the info file. You tape each piece in place and then cut out the pattern place and then cut out the pattern place and then cut out the pattern pieces in your desired size. You should have cut out a shorts piece, You should have cut out a shorts piece, You should have cut out a shorts piece, a waistband piece, and a gusset piece. a waistband piece, and a gusset piece. a waistband piece, and a gusset piece. Identify the finished edge that runs Identify the finished edge that runs Identify the finished edge that runs along the length of the fabric. This is along the length of the fabric. This is along the length of the fabric. This is the salvage. The grain line printed on the salvage. The grain line printed on the salvage. The grain line printed on each pattern piece runs parallel to the each pattern piece runs parallel to the each pattern piece runs parallel to the salvage, while the main stretch runs parallel to while the main stretch runs parallel to while the main stretch runs parallel to the cut edge. Place your pattern pieces the cut edge. Place your pattern pieces the cut edge. Place your pattern pieces with the grain line parallel to the with the grain line parallel to the with the grain line parallel to the salvage and cut out two of each piece. When you're cutting out your pattern When you're cutting out your pattern When you're cutting out your pattern pieces, mark every notch indicated on pieces, mark every notch indicated on pieces, mark every notch indicated on each piece with a disappearing fabric each piece with a disappearing fabric each piece with a disappearing fabric marker. Don't cut the notches. Only mark marker. Don't cut the notches. Only mark marker. Don't cut the notches. Only mark them with a fabric marker. You should them with a fabric marker. You should them with a fabric marker. You should have two shorts pieces, two waistband have two shorts pieces, two waistband have two shorts pieces, two waistband pieces, and two gusset pieces. pieces, and two gusset pieces. pieces, and two gusset pieces. When sewing this pattern, if you don't When sewing this pattern, if you don't When sewing this pattern, if you don't have a serger available, you'll need to have a serger available, you'll need to have a serger available, you'll need to use stretch stitches on your sewing use stretch stitches on your sewing use stretch stitches on your sewing machine for the majority of the seams. machine for the majority of the seams. machine for the majority of the seams. Most commonly, people will use zigzag Most commonly, people will use zigzag Most commonly, people will use zigzag stitches, but if you look at your sewing stitches, but if you look at your sewing stitches, but if you look at your sewing machine manual, you might have more machine manual, you might have more machine manual, you might have more stretch stitch options or overcasting stretch stitch options or overcasting stretch stitch options or overcasting stitches that are meant for stretch stitches that are meant for stretch stitches that are meant for stretch fabrics. Before you start sewing, use a fabrics. Before you start sewing, use a fabrics. Before you start sewing, use a scrap piece of your fabric to test out scrap piece of your fabric to test out scrap piece of your fabric to test out different stretch stitches to ensure different stretch stitches to ensure different stretch stitches to ensure that they allow the fabric to stretch that they allow the fabric to stretch that they allow the fabric to stretch without the threads breaking. without the threads breaking. without the threads breaking. First off, let's prepare the gusset. First off, let's prepare the gusset. First off, let's prepare the gusset. Take your two gusset pieces and place Take your two gusset pieces and place Take your two gusset pieces and place them together, wrong sides facing each them together, wrong sides facing each them together, wrong sides facing each other, matching up the notches, and use other, matching up the notches, and use other, matching up the notches, and use a straight based stitch to stitch the a straight based stitch to stitch the a straight based stitch to stitch the two pieces together along the length on two pieces together along the length on two pieces together along the length on both sides. You're basing the two gusset both sides. You're basing the two gusset both sides. You're basing the two gusset pieces together so that they can pieces together so that they can pieces together so that they can function as one. Moving on to the shorts pieces. We'll be using on to the shorts pieces. We'll be using on to the shorts pieces. We'll be using stretch stitches from here. Place the stretch stitches from here. Place the stretch stitches from here. Place the two shorts pieces together, right sides two shorts pieces together, right sides two shorts pieces together, right sides facing. Pin the back crotch seams facing. Pin the back crotch seams facing. Pin the back crotch seams together and stitch them together at the together and stitch them together at the together and stitch them together at the crotch using a stretch stitch on your crotch using a stretch stitch on your crotch using a stretch stitch on your sewing machine or a serger with a 1/4 in sewing machine or a serger with a 1/4 in sewing machine or a serger with a 1/4 in seam allowance. seam allowance. seam allowance. Now you'll do the same for the front Now you'll do the same for the front Now you'll do the same for the front crotch seam, pinning and stitching the crotch seam, pinning and stitching the crotch seam, pinning and stitching the crotch back together using a stretch crotch back together using a stretch crotch back together using a stretch stitch or serger with a/4 in seam stitch or serger with a/4 in seam stitch or serger with a/4 in seam allowance. Now we're going to attach the gusset to Now we're going to attach the gusset to Now we're going to attach the gusset to the inseam of the shorts. Unfold the the inseam of the shorts. Unfold the the inseam of the shorts. Unfold the back crotch seam at its end so that the back crotch seam at its end so that the back crotch seam at its end so that the inseam is open with the right side inseam is open with the right side inseam is open with the right side facing up. Take your gusset piece and facing up. Take your gusset piece and facing up. Take your gusset piece and pin it along the inseam, right sides pin it along the inseam, right sides pin it along the inseam, right sides facing, meeting the notch on the gusset facing, meeting the notch on the gusset facing, meeting the notch on the gusset to the crotch seam and meeting each end to the crotch seam and meeting each end to the crotch seam and meeting each end of the gusset to the hem of the shorts. of the gusset to the hem of the shorts. of the gusset to the hem of the shorts. Stitch the gusset to the inseam using a Stitch the gusset to the inseam using a Stitch the gusset to the inseam using a stretch stitch or a serger with a 1/4 in stretch stitch or a serger with a 1/4 in stretch stitch or a serger with a 1/4 in seam allowance. seam allowance. seam allowance. Now you'll do the same for the front, Now you'll do the same for the front, Now you'll do the same for the front, meeting the other edge of the gusset meeting the other edge of the gusset meeting the other edge of the gusset piece to the right side of the front piece to the right side of the front piece to the right side of the front inseam. Meeting the notch on the gusset inseam. Meeting the notch on the gusset inseam. Meeting the notch on the gusset to the front crotch seam and meeting to the front crotch seam and meeting to the front crotch seam and meeting each end of the gusset to the hem of the each end of the gusset to the hem of the each end of the gusset to the hem of the shorts. Stitch the gusset to the inseam shorts. Stitch the gusset to the inseam shorts. Stitch the gusset to the inseam using a stretch stitch or serger with using a stretch stitch or serger with using a stretch stitch or serger with a/4in seam allowance. To secure your a/4in seam allowance. To secure your a/4in seam allowance. To secure your stitch further and reduce bulk, press stitch further and reduce bulk, press stitch further and reduce bulk, press the seam allowance towards the shorts the seam allowance towards the shorts the seam allowance towards the shorts and use a straight stitch to stitch the and use a straight stitch to stitch the and use a straight stitch to stitch the seam allowance down to the shorts pieces seam allowance down to the shorts pieces seam allowance down to the shorts pieces for both the front and the back gusset/ for both the front and the back gusset/ for both the front and the back gusset/ inseam seams. inseam seams. inseam seams. Now we're moving on to the waistband. Now we're moving on to the waistband. Now we're moving on to the waistband. Take one waistband piece and fold the Take one waistband piece and fold the Take one waistband piece and fold the piece so that the wrong sides are facing piece so that the wrong sides are facing piece so that the wrong sides are facing along the fold line. The fold line is along the fold line. The fold line is along the fold line. The fold line is indicated by the singular notches. Use indicated by the singular notches. Use indicated by the singular notches. Use your iron to hard press the fold line. your iron to hard press the fold line. your iron to hard press the fold line. Repeat this for the second waistband Repeat this for the second waistband Repeat this for the second waistband piece. piece. piece. Unfold the waistband pieces and place Unfold the waistband pieces and place Unfold the waistband pieces and place the two pieces together, right sides the two pieces together, right sides the two pieces together, right sides facing. Identify the side seams as the facing. Identify the side seams as the facing. Identify the side seams as the sides with the singular notches. Pin the sides with the singular notches. Pin the sides with the singular notches. Pin the waistband pieces together along the side waistband pieces together along the side waistband pieces together along the side seams, being sure to line up the notches seams, being sure to line up the notches seams, being sure to line up the notches and stitch them together along the side and stitch them together along the side and stitch them together along the side seams using a stretch stitch or a serger seams using a stretch stitch or a serger seams using a stretch stitch or a serger with a 1/4 in seam allowance. Do this with a 1/4 in seam allowance. Do this with a 1/4 in seam allowance. Do this for both side seams. Now you'll have a for both side seams. Now you'll have a for both side seams. Now you'll have a cylindrical waistband piece. Open the cylindrical waistband piece. Open the cylindrical waistband piece. Open the cylinder and bring the open ends of the cylinder and bring the open ends of the cylinder and bring the open ends of the waistband to meet each other, matching waistband to meet each other, matching waistband to meet each other, matching the double notches and side seam ends the double notches and side seam ends the double notches and side seam ends and refolding the fabric where you had and refolding the fabric where you had and refolding the fabric where you had pressed it before. You should still have pressed it before. You should still have pressed it before. You should still have a cylindrical piece. Now we will join a cylindrical piece. Now we will join a cylindrical piece. Now we will join the shorts to the waistband. You're the shorts to the waistband. You're the shorts to the waistband. You're going to place the shorts right side out going to place the shorts right side out going to place the shorts right side out inside the waistband cylinder. So the inside the waistband cylinder. So the inside the waistband cylinder. So the top of the shorts meets the open top of the shorts meets the open top of the shorts meets the open unfinished side of the waistband. Meet unfinished side of the waistband. Meet unfinished side of the waistband. Meet the notches on the shorts to the side the notches on the shorts to the side the notches on the shorts to the side seams of the waistband and meet the seams of the waistband and meet the seams of the waistband and meet the notches of the waistband to the notches of the waistband to the notches of the waistband to the front/back crotch seam ends. Pinning all front/back crotch seam ends. Pinning all front/back crotch seam ends. Pinning all three layers of the fabric together all three layers of the fabric together all three layers of the fabric together all around the opening. Stitch the waistband to the shorts, Stitch the waistband to the shorts, Stitch the waistband to the shorts, sewing all the way around the opening sewing all the way around the opening sewing all the way around the opening through the three layers of fabric using through the three layers of fabric using through the three layers of fabric using a stretch stitch or serger with a 1/4 in a stretch stitch or serger with a 1/4 in a stretch stitch or serger with a 1/4 in seam allowance. Unfold the waistband so you can see the Unfold the waistband so you can see the Unfold the waistband so you can see the seam where the shorts and the waistband seam where the shorts and the waistband seam where the shorts and the waistband meet. To reduce bulk, press the meet. To reduce bulk, press the meet. To reduce bulk, press the shorts/waistband seam allowance towards shorts/waistband seam allowance towards shorts/waistband seam allowance towards the shorts and use a stretch stitch to the shorts and use a stretch stitch to the shorts and use a stretch stitch to stitch the seam allowance down to the stitch the seam allowance down to the stitch the seam allowance down to the shorts piece. I suggest using a wide and shorts piece. I suggest using a wide and shorts piece. I suggest using a wide and long zigzag stitch to allow for maximum long zigzag stitch to allow for maximum long zigzag stitch to allow for maximum stretch at this step. Now, all that's left to complete this is Now, all that's left to complete this is Now, all that's left to complete this is the hem. Fold the shorts wrong side out the hem. Fold the shorts wrong side out the hem. Fold the shorts wrong side out and at each leg opening, fold up the hem and at each leg opening, fold up the hem and at each leg opening, fold up the hem 3/4 of an inch and press the hem in 3/4 of an inch and press the hem in 3/4 of an inch and press the hem in place all the way around. If you don't have access to a cover If you don't have access to a cover If you don't have access to a cover stitch machine for hemming stretch stitch machine for hemming stretch stitch machine for hemming stretch fabrics, you can use a stretch stitch fabrics, you can use a stretch stitch fabrics, you can use a stretch stitch once again or a twin needle for a more once again or a twin needle for a more once again or a twin needle for a more professional finish. With any of these professional finish. With any of these professional finish. With any of these options, you'll stitch the 3/4 in hem in options, you'll stitch the 3/4 in hem in options, you'll stitch the 3/4 in hem in place. >> What the dog doing? >> What the dog doing? >> What the dog doing? >> Thanks so much for watching. I hope your >> Thanks so much for watching. I hope your >> Thanks so much for watching. I hope your shorts turned out perfect. If you have shorts turned out perfect. If you have shorts turned out perfect. If you have any questions, feel free to leave a any questions, feel free to leave a any questions, feel free to leave a comment down below or message me on comment down below or message me on comment down below or message me on Etsy. Um like and subscribe please Etsy. Um like and subscribe please Etsy. Um like and subscribe please please please please please