I will say working around that many I will say working around that many I will say working around that many kids, man, did make me realize that I kids, man, did make me realize that I kids, man, did make me realize that I would hate to be in a public place and would hate to be in a public place and would hate to be in a public place and lose a kid named Marco. lose a kid named Marco. lose a kid named Marco. I know I look like a series of white I know I look like a series of white I know I look like a series of white dudes. dudes. dudes. It's like a Jim Carrey and Ryan Reynolds It's like a Jim Carrey and Ryan Reynolds It's like a Jim Carrey and Ryan Reynolds gave birth to Johnny BRAVO and Jimmy Neutron was a midwife. I came out here and y'all were looking I came out here and y'all were looking I came out here and y'all were looking at me like Vanilla Ice is making this at me like Vanilla Ice is making this at me like Vanilla Ice is making this comeback. >> I knew you got tattoos, but oh my >> I knew you got tattoos, but oh my >> I knew you got tattoos, but oh my goodness. goodness. goodness. It's good to be here, man. I'm It's good to be here, man. I'm It's good to be here, man. I'm originally from a hooded little town in originally from a hooded little town in originally from a hooded little town in Northern California, which is actually Northern California, which is actually Northern California, which is actually inside the 707 area code. That's why I inside the 707 area code. That's why I inside the 707 area code. That's why I have this tattoo right here. Yeah. I'm have this tattoo right here. Yeah. I'm have this tattoo right here. Yeah. I'm just proud to be from a hood where the just proud to be from a hood where the just proud to be from a hood where the area code is also lol upside down. area code is also lol upside down. area code is also lol upside down. That's my favorite part That's my favorite part That's my favorite part cuz this is how I maintain my cuz this is how I maintain my cuz this is how I maintain my gangsterhood, man. Cuz if the stuff pops gangsterhood, man. Cuz if the stuff pops gangsterhood, man. Cuz if the stuff pops off, I'M LIKE, "WHAT'S 707 TILL I DIE, off, I'M LIKE, "WHAT'S 707 TILL I DIE, off, I'M LIKE, "WHAT'S 707 TILL I DIE, SON?" But they got like a gun or a SON?" But they got like a gun or a SON?" But they got like a gun or a knife. I'm like, "OMG, JK, lol. Stop it." I like growing up where I grew up, man. I like growing up where I grew up, man. I like growing up where I grew up, man. I appreciated growing up in the hood I appreciated growing up in the hood I appreciated growing up in the hood because hood kids are some of the most because hood kids are some of the most because hood kids are some of the most honest people on the planet, man. honest people on the planet, man. honest people on the planet, man. Brutally honest. because of a hood kid. Brutally honest. because of a hood kid. Brutally honest. because of a hood kid. I used to think this watch was nice. I used to think this watch was nice. I used to think this watch was nice. [laughter] Then this little hood girl [laughter] Then this little hood girl [laughter] Then this little hood girl came up to me one day like, "Why is your came up to me one day like, "Why is your came up to me one day like, "Why is your watch made out of wood?" [laughter] watch made out of wood?" [laughter] watch made out of wood?" [laughter] And I told her, "Well, that's what gives And I told her, "Well, that's what gives And I told her, "Well, that's what gives it a clean look. It's actually fancy it a clean look. It's actually fancy it a clean look. It's actually fancy because it's made out of wood." She was because it's made out of wood." She was because it's made out of wood." She was like, "How come my mama don't have a like, "How come my mama don't have a like, "How come my mama don't have a wooden wedding ring then?" First of all, I don't like your tone. First of all, I don't like your tone. First of all, I don't like your tone. And second of all, girl, get off my back And second of all, girl, get off my back And second of all, girl, get off my back about it. I'M TRYING TO SAVE THE PLANET. about it. I'M TRYING TO SAVE THE PLANET. about it. I'M TRYING TO SAVE THE PLANET. THIS WATCH IS ECO-FRIENDLY. And she was THIS WATCH IS ECO-FRIENDLY. And she was THIS WATCH IS ECO-FRIENDLY. And she was like, I don't know who Eco is, but he like, I don't know who Eco is, but he like, I don't know who Eco is, but he sold you an ugly watch. [laughter] Bunch of babies kids, man. Bunch of babies kids, man. Bunch of babies kids, man. The layout of our hood was weird, too. The layout of our hood was weird, too. The layout of our hood was weird, too. Right across the street from the hood Right across the street from the hood Right across the street from the hood was the county fairgrounds for the town, was the county fairgrounds for the town, was the county fairgrounds for the town, which was at least cool when the fair which was at least cool when the fair which was at least cool when the fair was in town, cuz then if you got robbed was in town, cuz then if you got robbed was in town, cuz then if you got robbed in the hood, you could go to the fair in the hood, you could go to the fair in the hood, you could go to the fair and try and win your stuff back and try and win your stuff back and try and win your stuff back from some of the most ghetto carnival from some of the most ghetto carnival from some of the most ghetto carnival barkers of all time. WHAT'S UP, GIRL? barkers of all time. WHAT'S UP, GIRL? barkers of all time. WHAT'S UP, GIRL? You're looking good today. Step right You're looking good today. Step right You're looking good today. Step right up. Today's game, we're going to guess up. Today's game, we're going to guess up. Today's game, we're going to guess your pin number. Let's do this. >> Come on down. You can win a brand NEW >> Come on down. You can win a brand NEW >> Come on down. You can win a brand NEW YOUR WATCH. COME ON NOW. Now YOUR WATCH. COME ON NOW. Now YOUR WATCH. COME ON NOW. Now you know what's fancy? It's made of you know what's fancy? It's made of you know what's fancy? It's made of wood. Yeah. I had all the jobs working back in Yeah. I had all the jobs working back in Yeah. I had all the jobs working back in the hood, man. When I was young, I the hood, man. When I was young, I the hood, man. When I was young, I worked in retail. Anybody ever worked worked in retail. Anybody ever worked worked in retail. Anybody ever worked retail before? retail before? retail before? That was about the right reaction. That was about the right reaction. That was about the right reaction. I worked at Target, man. Nothing against I worked at Target, man. Nothing against I worked at Target, man. Nothing against Target. It was cool, but they want to Target. It was cool, but they want to Target. It was cool, but they want to crossrain you in every department. So, crossrain you in every department. So, crossrain you in every department. So, you were useful at Target. Okay. So, I you were useful at Target. Okay. So, I you were useful at Target. Okay. So, I wasn't just a cashier. I was in guest wasn't just a cashier. I was in guest wasn't just a cashier. I was in guest services. I was a cart attendant. I was services. I was a cart attendant. I was services. I was a cart attendant. I was in the gardening center for like a day. in the gardening center for like a day. in the gardening center for like a day. That was cuz I don't know nothing about That was cuz I don't know nothing about That was cuz I don't know nothing about gardening. So, I was just lying to gardening. So, I was just lying to gardening. So, I was just lying to people all day long. [laughter] people all day long. [laughter] people all day long. [laughter] This old lady came up to me with this This old lady came up to me with this This old lady came up to me with this plant like, "How do you take care of plant like, "How do you take care of plant like, "How do you take care of this plant? Water it. this plant? Water it. this plant? Water it. And if it starts to die, water it less." And if it starts to die, water it less." And if it starts to die, water it less." There's a middle ground where you There's a middle ground where you There's a middle ground where you operate in there somewhere. [laughter] operate in there somewhere. [laughter] operate in there somewhere. [laughter] Electronics was the department I got Electronics was the department I got Electronics was the department I got fired in though. Man, I know less about fired in though. Man, I know less about fired in though. Man, I know less about electronics than I do about gardening. electronics than I do about gardening. electronics than I do about gardening. Guy came up to me with a camera. Hey, Guy came up to me with a camera. Hey, Guy came up to me with a camera. Hey, how you work this camera? [snorts] Water how you work this camera? [snorts] Water how you work this camera? [snorts] Water it. [laughter] And if it starts to die, water it less. And if it starts to die, water it less. And if it starts to die, water it less. So, I got fired, y'all. [clears throat] So, I got fired, y'all. [clears throat] So, I got fired, y'all. [clears throat] And then I got a job at the amusement And then I got a job at the amusement And then I got a job at the amusement park in my hometown. We did have an park in my hometown. We did have an park in my hometown. We did have an amusement park. It was right next to the amusement park. It was right next to the amusement park. It was right next to the fair and the hood. Uh, I was in the fair and the hood. Uh, I was in the fair and the hood. Uh, I was in the costume department. I was a part of the costume department. I was a part of the costume department. I was a part of the Ghetto Hero League. That was my job. Ghetto Hero League. That was my job. Ghetto Hero League. That was my job. Just a bunch of hood kids and superhero Just a bunch of hood kids and superhero Just a bunch of hood kids and superhero costumes. That's all it ended up being. costumes. That's all it ended up being. costumes. That's all it ended up being. We had a cholo cyborg. We had a cholo cyborg. We had a cholo cyborg. We called him cyorehe. And we had a weird Batman. The guy who And we had a weird Batman. The guy who And we had a weird Batman. The guy who was playing Batman didn't even like was playing Batman didn't even like was playing Batman didn't even like Batman. And so I confronted him about it Batman. And so I confronted him about it Batman. And so I confronted him about it one day. I'm like, "Hey homie, you don't one day. I'm like, "Hey homie, you don't one day. I'm like, "Hey homie, you don't like Batman. Why'd you take this job?" like Batman. Why'd you take this job?" like Batman. Why'd you take this job?" And he was like, "I always wanted a And he was like, "I always wanted a And he was like, "I always wanted a butler." butler." butler." Like, "Bro, we don't even get dental. Like, "Bro, we don't even get dental. Like, "Bro, we don't even get dental. Someone lied to you." Someone lied to you." Someone lied to you." I was the Green Lantern because look at I was the Green Lantern because look at I was the Green Lantern because look at my head. [laughter] my head. [laughter] my head. [laughter] I got a Green Lantern head. And it was I got a Green Lantern head. And it was I got a Green Lantern head. And it was an easy job, man. All you DO IS JUST an easy job, man. All you DO IS JUST an easy job, man. All you DO IS JUST TAKE PICTURES WITH THE KIDS. And if I TAKE PICTURES WITH THE KIDS. And if I TAKE PICTURES WITH THE KIDS. And if I wasn't doing that, I was backstage wasn't doing that, I was backstage wasn't doing that, I was backstage watching Space Jam. It was an easy job, watching Space Jam. It was an easy job, watching Space Jam. It was an easy job, man. That is well within my limitations man. That is well within my limitations man. That is well within my limitations of what I'm capable of doing. I like of what I'm capable of doing. I like of what I'm capable of doing. I like that job. But one day, I was working and that job. But one day, I was working and that job. But one day, I was working and some stuff went down. Okay. They had a some stuff went down. Okay. They had a some stuff went down. Okay. They had a Superman roller coaster and it got stuck Superman roller coaster and it got stuck Superman roller coaster and it got stuck at the top of the loop with a bunch of at the top of the loop with a bunch of at the top of the loop with a bunch of people on it. And it was a big deal, people on it. And it was a big deal, people on it. And it was a big deal, man. The news showed up, the fire man. The news showed up, the fire man. The news showed up, the fire department, the police. I'm standing department, the police. I'm standing department, the police. I'm standing there in full costume watching this go there in full costume watching this go there in full costume watching this go down like, "That's a shame." [laughter] down like, "That's a shame." [laughter] down like, "That's a shame." [laughter] And sure enough, kid comes running up to And sure enough, kid comes running up to And sure enough, kid comes running up to me, "Green Lantern, Green Lantern." AND me, "Green Lantern, Green Lantern." AND me, "Green Lantern, Green Lantern." AND I'M LIKE, "NO. [screaming] I'M LIKE, "NO. [screaming] I'M LIKE, "NO. [screaming] OH, OH, OH, I'm about to ruin this child's life I'm about to ruin this child's life I'm about to ruin this child's life right now. And he was so sincere. He was right now. And he was so sincere. He was right now. And he was so sincere. He was like, "GREEN LANTERN, WHY DON'T YOU FLY like, "GREEN LANTERN, WHY DON'T YOU FLY like, "GREEN LANTERN, WHY DON'T YOU FLY UP THERE AND SAVE those people?" And I UP THERE AND SAVE those people?" And I UP THERE AND SAVE those people?" And I was like, "Kid, [snorts] I'm on break. Plus, it's not Green Lantern's roller Plus, it's not Green Lantern's roller Plus, it's not Green Lantern's roller coaster. [laughter] That's the Superman coaster. [laughter] That's the Superman coaster. [laughter] That's the Superman problem. You got to find him. I will say working around that many I will say working around that many I will say working around that many kids, man, did make me realize that I kids, man, did make me realize that I kids, man, did make me realize that I would hate to be in a public place and would hate to be in a public place and would hate to be in a public place and lose a kid named Marco. I wish that wasn't a true story, y'all. I wish that wasn't a true story, y'all. I wish that wasn't a true story, y'all. One day I was on set doing my thing, One day I was on set doing my thing, One day I was on set doing my thing, full costume. This lady COMES RUNNING full costume. This lady COMES RUNNING full costume. This lady COMES RUNNING BY. MARCO, MARCO, BY. MARCO, MARCO, BY. MARCO, MARCO, MARCO. And I'm watching like MARCO. And I'm watching like MARCO. And I'm watching like this feels like a trick. this feels like a trick. this feels like a trick. I don't know if she's LIKE A SECRET I don't know if she's LIKE A SECRET I don't know if she's LIKE A SECRET SHOPPER OR SOMETHING. I DON'T WANT TO SHOPPER OR SOMETHING. I DON'T WANT TO SHOPPER OR SOMETHING. I DON'T WANT TO GET FIRED AGAIN. I LIKE this job, man. GET FIRED AGAIN. I LIKE this job, man. GET FIRED AGAIN. I LIKE this job, man. 20 minutes. SHE'S JUST DOING LAPS AROUND 20 minutes. SHE'S JUST DOING LAPS AROUND 20 minutes. SHE'S JUST DOING LAPS AROUND ME. I'm like, lady, you got to cover ME. I'm like, lady, you got to cover ME. I'm like, lady, you got to cover some ground. Okay. Have you checked the some ground. Okay. Have you checked the some ground. Okay. Have you checked the pool? pool? pool? Bet you'll find some kids at that pool Bet you'll find some kids at that pool Bet you'll find some kids at that pool that are willing to help you find your that are willing to help you find your that are willing to help you find your son. [laughter] son. [laughter] son. [laughter] Here, wear this polo. Don't ask why. But now I get to do this for a living, But now I get to do this for a living, But now I get to do this for a living, man. Uh, I'm a professional standup man. Uh, I'm a professional standup man. Uh, I'm a professional standup comedian. And man, y'all are seeing my comedian. And man, y'all are seeing my comedian. And man, y'all are seeing my dream come true tonight is to just dream come true tonight is to just dream come true tonight is to just perform for you fine folks. So, thank perform for you fine folks. So, thank perform for you fine folks. So, thank you so much for coming out. >> It's true, man. And I wanted to do this >> It's true, man. And I wanted to do this >> It's true, man. And I wanted to do this since I was a kid. When I was 8 years since I was a kid. When I was 8 years since I was a kid. When I was 8 years old, I used to sneak out of bed at night old, I used to sneak out of bed at night old, I used to sneak out of bed at night and watch George Carlin on TV. And my and watch George Carlin on TV. And my and watch George Carlin on TV. And my parents told me it was too adult. Don't parents told me it was too adult. Don't parents told me it was too adult. Don't worry what it is. Go to bed. They worry what it is. Go to bed. They worry what it is. Go to bed. They wouldn't tell me what was happening on wouldn't tell me what was happening on wouldn't tell me what was happening on the TV. So I did what any kid that wants the TV. So I did what any kid that wants the TV. So I did what any kid that wants to know information. Their parents ain't to know information. Their parents ain't to know information. Their parents ain't giving it up does. I went to my teacher giving it up does. I went to my teacher giving it up does. I went to my teacher at school and I was like, "Hey, there at school and I was like, "Hey, there at school and I was like, "Hey, there was a dude talking. What was he doing?" was a dude talking. What was he doing?" was a dude talking. What was he doing?" And I'll never forget what she told me. And I'll never forget what she told me. And I'll never forget what she told me. It was one of the most influential It was one of the most influential It was one of the most influential things anybody has ever told me in my things anybody has ever told me in my things anybody has ever told me in my entire life. She looked at me and said, entire life. She looked at me and said, entire life. She looked at me and said, "Oh, he's a comedian. He gets paid to "Oh, he's a comedian. He gets paid to "Oh, he's a comedian. He gets paid to tell jokes for a living. He's funny like tell jokes for a living. He's funny like tell jokes for a living. He's funny like you. you. you. Right. Right. And I heard that and my Right. Right. And I heard that and my Right. Right. And I heard that and my wheels started turning and I was like, wheels started turning and I was like, wheels started turning and I was like, "You mean I should have been GETTING "You mean I should have been GETTING "You mean I should have been GETTING PAID THIS WHOLE TIME? PAID THIS WHOLE TIME? PAID THIS WHOLE TIME? Is my check in the mail? I have been Is my check in the mail? I have been Is my check in the mail? I have been hilarious, Miss Lady." And so the next year we had a talent And so the next year we had a talent And so the next year we had a talent show. My teacher was bugging me all year show. My teacher was bugging me all year show. My teacher was bugging me all year long. She said, "Mom, you got to enter long. She said, "Mom, you got to enter long. She said, "Mom, you got to enter the talent show. You'll do so good. You the talent show. You'll do so good. You the talent show. You'll do so good. You should do stand up in the talent show." should do stand up in the talent show." should do stand up in the talent show." And so when I was 10 years old, I And so when I was 10 years old, I And so when I was 10 years old, I entered my talent show and I did standup entered my talent show and I did standup entered my talent show and I did standup comedy for the first time in my life and comedy for the first time in my life and comedy for the first time in my life and I won my talent show doing standup I won my talent show doing standup I won my talent show doing standup comedy when I was 10 years old. Thank comedy when I was 10 years old. Thank comedy when I was 10 years old. Thank you. [applause] It was rigged. It was not fair. It was rigged. It was not fair. It was rigged. It was not fair. I see there's probably a lot of parents I see there's probably a lot of parents I see there's probably a lot of parents here, man. So y'all know you go to the here, man. So y'all know you go to the here, man. So y'all know you go to the 10-year-olds talent show, most of those 10-year-olds talent show, most of those 10-year-olds talent show, most of those kids don't have talent. kids don't have talent. kids don't have talent. And I don't know why my school hated the And I don't know why my school hated the And I don't know why my school hated the parents so much. They didn't give you a parents so much. They didn't give you a parents so much. They didn't give you a choice if you wanted to sing in the choice if you wanted to sing in the choice if you wanted to sing in the talent show. They only approved two talent show. They only approved two talent show. They only approved two songs. If you was a boy and you wanted songs. If you was a boy and you wanted songs. If you was a boy and you wanted to sing in the talent show, you had to to sing in the talent show, you had to to sing in the talent show, you had to sing Live Levita Loca by Ricky Martin. sing Live Levita Loca by Ricky Martin. sing Live Levita Loca by Ricky Martin. And if you was a girl and you wanted to And if you was a girl and you wanted to And if you was a girl and you wanted to sing in the talent show, you had to sing sing in the talent show, you had to sing sing in the talent show, you had to sing What a Girl Wants by Christina Aguilera. What a Girl Wants by Christina Aguilera. What a Girl Wants by Christina Aguilera. That's it. There were 40 kids in the That's it. There were 40 kids in the That's it. There were 40 kids in the talent show. 38 sang. [laughter] talent show. 38 sang. [laughter] talent show. 38 sang. [laughter] There was a magician and me. Yeah. Yeah. You want to turn a room full Yeah. Yeah. You want to turn a room full Yeah. Yeah. You want to turn a room full of functioning adults into a room full of functioning adults into a room full of functioning adults into a room full of psychopathic serial killers? Lock of psychopathic serial killers? Lock of psychopathic serial killers? Lock them in a theater for 3 hours while a them in a theater for 3 hours while a them in a theater for 3 hours while a bunch of 10-year-olds butcher the worst bunch of 10-year-olds butcher the worst bunch of 10-year-olds butcher the worst two songs from 1999. two songs from 1999. two songs from 1999. Over Over Over and over and over again. Living loco and over and over again. Living loco and over and over again. Living loco what a girl wants. Living loco what a what a girl wants. Living loco what a what a girl wants. Living loco what a girl wants. Liv loco what a girl wants. girl wants. Liv loco what a girl wants. girl wants. Liv loco what a girl wants. Living loco what a girl wants. Living Living loco what a girl wants. Living Living loco what a girl wants. Living loco what a girl wants. Living loco what loco what a girl wants. Living loco what loco what a girl wants. Living loco what a girl wants. Living loc what a girl a girl wants. Living loc what a girl a girl wants. Living loc what a girl wants. Here's a magician. And y'all, the wants. Here's a magician. And y'all, the wants. Here's a magician. And y'all, the magician wasn't any good. magician wasn't any good. magician wasn't any good. He messed up the trick. Peter's pants He messed up the trick. Peter's pants He messed up the trick. Peter's pants ran off stage crying, which I thought was hilarious. which I thought was hilarious. which I thought was hilarious. It was way funnier than anything I was It was way funnier than anything I was It was way funnier than anything I was going to say up there, but that was not going to say up there, but that was not going to say up there, but that was not what he was going for. And then it was what he was going for. And then it was what he was going for. And then it was back to your regular scheduled back to your regular scheduled back to your regular scheduled programming. Limit Loco, what a girl programming. Limit Loco, what a girl programming. Limit Loco, what a girl wants. Lim to be Loco, what a girl wants. Lim to be Loco, what a girl wants. Lim to be Loco, what a girl wants. Limit Loco, what a girl wants. wants. Limit Loco, what a girl wants. wants. Limit Loco, what a girl wants. Here's Miles Weber doing standup comedy. Here's Miles Weber doing standup comedy. Here's Miles Weber doing standup comedy. And y'all, I got a standing ovation And y'all, I got a standing ovation And y'all, I got a standing ovation before I even got on stage. before I even got on stage. before I even got on stage. A mom from the PTA threw her bra on A mom from the PTA threw her bra on A mom from the PTA threw her bra on stage. It was crazy. She's like, "LET HIM HAVE IT. THIS KID'S She's like, "LET HIM HAVE IT. THIS KID'S She's like, "LET HIM HAVE IT. THIS KID'S BOLD. HE'S GOING PLACES." [laughter] BOLD. HE'S GOING PLACES." [laughter] BOLD. HE'S GOING PLACES." [laughter] And so I won my talent show, y'all. And And so I won my talent show, y'all. And And so I won my talent show, y'all. And to celebrate my victory, I sang What a to celebrate my victory, I sang What a to celebrate my victory, I sang What a Girl Wants by Christina. >> Yeah, I was working it, y'all. I earned >> Yeah, I was working it, y'all. I earned >> Yeah, I was working it, y'all. I earned that ribbon. that ribbon. that ribbon. We got some uh we got some solid We got some uh we got some solid We got some uh we got some solid laughers here, man. I've been listening laughers here, man. I've been listening laughers here, man. I've been listening to y'all. We got I'm a laugh condo. This to y'all. We got I'm a laugh condo. This to y'all. We got I'm a laugh condo. This is my thing. Okay. Like, if you are a is my thing. Okay. Like, if you are a is my thing. Okay. Like, if you are a person that is self-conscious about your person that is self-conscious about your person that is self-conscious about your laugh cuz you think you laugh weird, laugh cuz you think you laugh weird, laugh cuz you think you laugh weird, this is a safe place. Let it out. Don't this is a safe place. Let it out. Don't this is a safe place. Let it out. Don't eat your laughs. It don't taste good. eat your laughs. It don't taste good. eat your laughs. It don't taste good. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't eat Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't eat Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't eat it. It's not good for you that way. it. It's not good for you that way. it. It's not good for you that way. Okay. This is a safe space for loling. I Okay. This is a safe space for loling. I Okay. This is a safe space for loling. I got it tattooed on my body for that got it tattooed on my body for that got it tattooed on my body for that reason, guys. Okay, if you can't laugh reason, guys. Okay, if you can't laugh reason, guys. Okay, if you can't laugh weird at the comedy show, where can you weird at the comedy show, where can you weird at the comedy show, where can you laugh weird? Okay, so yes, let it out. laugh weird? Okay, so yes, let it out. laugh weird? Okay, so yes, let it out. LET IT OUT. All the laughs. You got a LET IT OUT. All the laughs. You got a LET IT OUT. All the laughs. You got a little snicker. That's adorable. Let little snicker. That's adorable. Let little snicker. That's adorable. Let that fly. Don't hold that in. You got to that fly. Don't hold that in. You got to that fly. Don't hold that in. You got to laugh like Eddie Murphy had a baby with laugh like Eddie Murphy had a baby with laugh like Eddie Murphy had a baby with a seal. a seal. a seal. Let it out. Let's go. Or laugh like Michael Jackson. and a Or laugh like Michael Jackson. and a Or laugh like Michael Jackson. and a witch HAD A BABY. HE LIKE, COME ON. I'M witch HAD A BABY. HE LIKE, COME ON. I'M witch HAD A BABY. HE LIKE, COME ON. I'M HERE FOR IT. [laughter] HERE FOR IT. [laughter] HERE FOR IT. [laughter] One time I was doing a show at a college One time I was doing a show at a college One time I was doing a show at a college in Southern California and there was a in Southern California and there was a in Southern California and there was a kid in the middle of the theater, I kid kid in the middle of the theater, I kid kid in the middle of the theater, I kid you not, who laughed exactly like this. you not, who laughed exactly like this. you not, who laughed exactly like this. There's no joy on his face. There's no joy on his face. There's no joy on his face. I'm like, homie, is this Morris code? I'm like, homie, is this Morris code? I'm like, homie, is this Morris code? Are you trying to tell me something? Are you trying to tell me something? Are you trying to tell me something? Blink twice if you're in trouble. Blink twice if you're in trouble. Blink twice if you're in trouble. That was three times. I don't know what That was three times. I don't know what That was three times. I don't know what to do with you. [laughter] to do with you. [laughter] to do with you. [laughter] Someone help this boy, please. He laughed. I laughed for 45 minutes. I He laughed. I laughed for 45 minutes. I He laughed. I laughed for 45 minutes. I didn't tell a single joke. We just didn't tell a single joke. We just didn't tell a single joke. We just laughed at each other. [laughter] That's laughed at each other. [laughter] That's laughed at each other. [laughter] That's the whole That was the whole show. the whole That was the whole show. the whole That was the whole show. It was hysterical. [laughter] And if you snort, don't you sit on that. And if you snort, don't you sit on that. And if you snort, don't you sit on that. you will catch an ulcer. Okay? you will catch an ulcer. Okay? you will catch an ulcer. Okay? Do not hold in a snort. Because here's Do not hold in a snort. Because here's Do not hold in a snort. Because here's the thing, man. I sympathize with the thing, man. I sympathize with the thing, man. I sympathize with anybody who snorts. It's involuntary. anybody who snorts. It's involuntary. anybody who snorts. It's involuntary. NOBODY WANTS TO DO IT. NO. NOBODY'S EVER NOBODY WANTS TO DO IT. NO. NOBODY'S EVER NOBODY WANTS TO DO IT. NO. NOBODY'S EVER been like, "Man, I'm having so much fun been like, "Man, I'm having so much fun been like, "Man, I'm having so much fun right now. I think I'm going to sound right now. I think I'm going to sound right now. I think I'm going to sound like a pig in front of all these like a pig in front of all these like a pig in front of all these strangers." strangers." strangers." No, No, No, that's not how it works. And I that's not how it works. And I that's not how it works. And I understand THE SCIENCE BEHIND SNORTING. understand THE SCIENCE BEHIND SNORTING. understand THE SCIENCE BEHIND SNORTING. EVERY SNORT is a fart. THAT WASN'T >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> IT'S A POCKET OF AIR that gets trapped >> IT'S A POCKET OF AIR that gets trapped >> IT'S A POCKET OF AIR that gets trapped in your diaphragm in your diaphragm in your diaphragm and then your body's got to make a and then your body's got to make a and then your body's got to make a decision. [laughter] decision. [laughter] decision. [laughter] And we can't send it back there. There's And we can't send it back there. There's And we can't send it back there. There's people. people. people. We got to send it to the face. Don't We got to send it to the face. Don't We got to send it to the face. Don't hate me now. And that SETS OFF A CATASTROPHIC CHAIN And that SETS OFF A CATASTROPHIC CHAIN And that SETS OFF A CATASTROPHIC CHAIN REACTION BECAUSE YOU DON'T SNORT ONCE. REACTION BECAUSE YOU DON'T SNORT ONCE. REACTION BECAUSE YOU DON'T SNORT ONCE. NO, you snort 37 times. NO, you snort 37 times. NO, you snort 37 times. You got to get up and remove yourself so You got to get up and remove yourself so You got to get up and remove yourself so that way it doesn't get worse. [snorts] that way it doesn't get worse. [snorts] that way it doesn't get worse. [snorts] Excuse me. Gang way [clears throat] Excuse me. Gang way [clears throat] Excuse me. Gang way [clears throat] coming through. I don't even like bacon. coming through. I don't even like bacon. coming through. I don't even like bacon. You got TO GET OUTSIDE BEFORE YOU PEE. You got TO GET OUTSIDE BEFORE YOU PEE. You got TO GET OUTSIDE BEFORE YOU PEE. CUZ if you snort and pee, they blacklist CUZ if you snort and pee, they blacklist CUZ if you snort and pee, they blacklist you from Comedy for Life. you from Comedy for Life. you from Comedy for Life. You cannot do both. You cannot do both. You cannot do both. See, I like when people store because I See, I like when people store because I See, I like when people store because I think it reminds me of like the sound my think it reminds me of like the sound my think it reminds me of like the sound my dog makes when he's running around like dog makes when he's running around like dog makes when he's running around like cuz I got a dog. You got any dog people cuz I got a dog. You got any dog people cuz I got a dog. You got any dog people here? Yeah. Yeah. There we go. Right on. here? Yeah. Yeah. There we go. Right on. here? Yeah. Yeah. There we go. Right on. My kind of folks, man. Uh yeah, man. I My kind of folks, man. Uh yeah, man. I My kind of folks, man. Uh yeah, man. I love my dog. We have We had a very love my dog. We have We had a very love my dog. We have We had a very eccentric dog, my wife and I. Uh we have eccentric dog, my wife and I. Uh we have eccentric dog, my wife and I. Uh we have a three-legged pug a three-legged pug a three-legged pug named Taz. named Taz. named Taz. That's a letter for each limb still That's a letter for each limb still That's a letter for each limb still attached to his body. [laughter] attached to his body. [laughter] attached to his body. [laughter] We're praying we never have to call him We're praying we never have to call him We're praying we never have to call him Mr. T. And people always do what you guys did And people always do what you guys did And people always do what you guys did when they hear we got a three-legged when they hear we got a three-legged when they hear we got a three-legged dog. They're like, "A, that's so sweet. dog. They're like, "A, that's so sweet. dog. They're like, "A, that's so sweet. You guys got a rescue." And I got to be You guys got a rescue." And I got to be You guys got a rescue." And I got to be like, "Nah, we did it. I'm still paying for that surgery." I'm still paying for that surgery." I'm still paying for that surgery." And it's a boring story, man. He had a And it's a boring story, man. He had a And it's a boring story, man. He had a birth defect. His elbow growing birth defect. His elbow growing birth defect. His elbow growing backwards. So, he broke his leg. We had backwards. So, he broke his leg. We had backwards. So, he broke his leg. We had to snip it. But we DIDN'T KNOW HE BROKE to snip it. But we DIDN'T KNOW HE BROKE to snip it. But we DIDN'T KNOW HE BROKE HIS LEG FOR LIKE THREE MONTHS because he HIS LEG FOR LIKE THREE MONTHS because he HIS LEG FOR LIKE THREE MONTHS because he didn't say nothing. We just thought he had a little swagger We just thought he had a little swagger We just thought he had a little swagger to him. We didn't know. [laughter] to him. We didn't know. [laughter] to him. We didn't know. [laughter] He's cool. He's hip. Let him be all He's cool. He's hip. Let him be all He's cool. He's hip. Let him be all right. But that's a boring story. I don't like But that's a boring story. I don't like But that's a boring story. I don't like it. It's not shiverous. There's nothing it. It's not shiverous. There's nothing it. It's not shiverous. There's nothing exciting about that. So, what I like to exciting about that. So, what I like to exciting about that. So, what I like to do is I like to mess with people. Folks do is I like to mess with people. Folks do is I like to mess with people. Folks ask me what happened to his leg. I give ask me what happened to his leg. I give ask me what happened to his leg. I give them a different answer every single them a different answer every single them a different answer every single time. Kids are the best. Oh my goodness. time. Kids are the best. Oh my goodness. time. Kids are the best. Oh my goodness. I love it when kids come up. This little I love it when kids come up. This little I love it when kids come up. This little boy come up to me one time. I was I had boy come up to me one time. I was I had boy come up to me one time. I was I had my dog at the park. He's like, "Hey, my dog at the park. He's like, "Hey, my dog at the park. He's like, "Hey, mister. What happened to your dog's mister. What happened to your dog's mister. What happened to your dog's leg?" And I just went, "We lost it." And leg?" And I just went, "We lost it." And leg?" And I just went, "We lost it." And I kept walking. We were playing fetch and I threw it too We were playing fetch and I threw it too We were playing fetch and I threw it too hard. What do you want from me, kid? Had one guy come up to me. He's like, Had one guy come up to me. He's like, Had one guy come up to me. He's like, "Hey, what happened to your dog's leg?" "Hey, what happened to your dog's leg?" "Hey, what happened to your dog's leg?" And I was like, "The war. VIETNAM VET [laughter] VIETNAM VET [laughter] VIETNAM VET [laughter] in the sense that he went to a in the sense that he went to a in the sense that he went to a Vietnamese veterinarian. I'm going to let y'all pass that one I'm going to let y'all pass that one I'm going to let y'all pass that one around for a minute. What's been weird though recently is What's been weird though recently is What's been weird though recently is people been trying to guess what people been trying to guess what people been trying to guess what happened to his leg. That's been happened to his leg. That's been happened to his leg. That's been unusual. I'm not ready for that. I was unusual. I'm not ready for that. I was unusual. I'm not ready for that. I was walking him a couple weeks ago. guy rode walking him a couple weeks ago. guy rode walking him a couple weeks ago. guy rode by on his bicycle. HE'S LIKE, "HEY, DID by on his bicycle. HE'S LIKE, "HEY, DID by on his bicycle. HE'S LIKE, "HEY, DID YOUR DOG GET HIT BY A CAR?" YOUR DOG GET HIT BY A CAR?" YOUR DOG GET HIT BY A CAR?" What car What car What car is going to hit a pug? And he only loses is going to hit a pug? And he only loses is going to hit a pug? And he only loses the front right leg. If I hit A PUG WITH MY CAR AND THAT'S If I hit A PUG WITH MY CAR AND THAT'S If I hit A PUG WITH MY CAR AND THAT'S THE END RESULT, I'M RETURNING THAT CAR. THE END RESULT, I'M RETURNING THAT CAR. THE END RESULT, I'M RETURNING THAT CAR. It is not safe for me to drive. It is not safe for me to drive. It is not safe for me to drive. I need something with better safety I need something with better safety I need something with better safety features. Like, I don't know, man, a Hot features. Like, I don't know, man, a Hot features. Like, I don't know, man, a Hot Wheels or a Tonka truck or something. I Wheels or a Tonka truck or something. I Wheels or a Tonka truck or something. I can't have pugs shaking ME OFF LIKE, can't have pugs shaking ME OFF LIKE, can't have pugs shaking ME OFF LIKE, "WATCH WHERE YOU GOING. What are you thinking, man? Get your What are you thinking, man? Get your What are you thinking, man? Get your life together." >> People always ask if my dog gets around. >> People always ask if my dog gets around. >> People always ask if my dog gets around. Okay. I take him off his leash. I'm Okay. I take him off his leash. I'm Okay. I take him off his leash. I'm like, "Catch him. Say goodbye to those like, "Catch him. Say goodbye to those like, "Catch him. Say goodbye to those three hours. He's faster without the leg. Don't feel He's faster without the leg. Don't feel He's faster without the leg. Don't feel bad for him. Now he could juke, stiff bad for him. Now he could juke, stiff bad for him. Now he could juke, stiff arm, spin move. HE'S THE PERFECT MADDEN arm, spin move. HE'S THE PERFECT MADDEN arm, spin move. HE'S THE PERFECT MADDEN CHARACTER. [laughter] CHARACTER. [laughter] CHARACTER. [laughter] We had to move OUT OF OUR APARTMENT We had to move OUT OF OUR APARTMENT We had to move OUT OF OUR APARTMENT BECAUSE of him. BECAUSE of him. BECAUSE of him. >> Yeah, we used to live in an upstairs >> Yeah, we used to live in an upstairs >> Yeah, we used to live in an upstairs apartment and he gets in these running apartment and he gets in these running apartment and he gets in these running fits and want you to catch him. So, if fits and want you to catch him. So, if fits and want you to catch him. So, if you live downstairs underneath us and we you live downstairs underneath us and we you live downstairs underneath us and we live in the second story apartment, it live in the second story apartment, it live in the second story apartment, it sounds like we're filming all the sounds like we're filming all the sounds like we're filming all the montages from Scooby-Doo upstairs. montages from Scooby-Doo upstairs. montages from Scooby-Doo upstairs. And so it takes me like 20 30 minutes And so it takes me like 20 30 minutes And so it takes me like 20 30 minutes sometimes to catch him because he's real sometimes to catch him because he's real sometimes to catch him because he's real quick and I and I finally catch him and quick and I and I finally catch him and quick and I and I finally catch him and I'm like but it's too late. I hear it I'm like but it's too late. I hear it I'm like but it's too late. I hear it pounding on my front door and I open the pounding on my front door and I open the pounding on my front door and I open the door and it is my neighbor from door and it is my neighbor from door and it is my neighbor from downstairs. And to say that she is upset downstairs. And to say that she is upset downstairs. And to say that she is upset is a terrible understatement. is a terrible understatement. is a terrible understatement. She is red in the face, veins popping She is red in the face, veins popping She is red in the face, veins popping out of her neck, yelling at me like, out of her neck, yelling at me like, out of her neck, yelling at me like, "Excuse me, COULD YOU TELL YOUR DOG TO "Excuse me, COULD YOU TELL YOUR DOG TO "Excuse me, COULD YOU TELL YOUR DOG TO KEEP IT DOWN FOR JUST ONE NIGHT, KEEP IT DOWN FOR JUST ONE NIGHT, KEEP IT DOWN FOR JUST ONE NIGHT, PLEASE?" PLEASE?" PLEASE?" AND I JUST LOOKED AT HER AND WENT, "We AND I JUST LOOKED AT HER AND WENT, "We AND I JUST LOOKED AT HER AND WENT, "We already cut off one of his legs so he'd already cut off one of his legs so he'd already cut off one of his legs so he'd make less noise. [laughter] We don't know what else you want us to We don't know what else you want us to We don't know what else you want us to do." [laughter] >> So, we had to move, y'all. >> So, we had to move, y'all. >> So, we had to move, y'all. >> I love my dog, man. I love him like a >> I love my dog, man. I love him like a >> I love my dog, man. I love him like a son. He's not my son. I'm not one of son. He's not my son. I'm not one of son. He's not my son. I'm not one of those people. Don't hate [laughter] me. those people. Don't hate [laughter] me. those people. Don't hate [laughter] me. Because if you raised a human being Because if you raised a human being Because if you raised a human being before, you hate anybody that's like, before, you hate anybody that's like, before, you hate anybody that's like, "My dog is my child." No, it's not. It's "My dog is my child." No, it's not. It's "My dog is my child." No, it's not. It's not the same thing. If I got a kid, I not the same thing. If I got a kid, I not the same thing. If I got a kid, I can't leave him at home for 8 hours with can't leave him at home for 8 hours with can't leave him at home for 8 hours with a couple of bowls with food and water. a couple of bowls with food and water. a couple of bowls with food and water. Like, I cut a hole in the door. He'll Like, I cut a hole in the door. He'll Like, I cut a hole in the door. He'll figure it out. figure it out. figure it out. They will take your kid away from you. I They will take your kid away from you. I They will take your kid away from you. I know. I've checked. know. I've checked. know. I've checked. I miss my little brother. >> [laughter] >> My dog scared the living daylights out >> My dog scared the living daylights out >> My dog scared the living daylights out of me at the beginning of this year of me at the beginning of this year of me at the beginning of this year though, man. I had to rush him to the though, man. I had to rush him to the though, man. I had to rush him to the emergency vet because he ate one of his emergency vet because he ate one of his emergency vet because he ate one of his toys, which I guess is a thing that dogs toys, which I guess is a thing that dogs toys, which I guess is a thing that dogs do, man. I came out the bathroom one do, man. I came out the bathroom one do, man. I came out the bathroom one day, there's half a Kong toy on the day, there's half a Kong toy on the day, there's half a Kong toy on the ground. I'm like, "Hey, boy, where'd you ground. I'm like, "Hey, boy, where'd you ground. I'm like, "Hey, boy, where'd you hide the other half?" And so he starts hide the other half?" And so he starts hide the other half?" And so he starts throwing up and I'm like, "Okay, this is throwing up and I'm like, "Okay, this is throwing up and I'm like, "Okay, this is going to be a thing for a little while." going to be a thing for a little while." going to be a thing for a little while." Then he keeps throwing up. Then he Then he keeps throwing up. Then he Then he keeps throwing up. Then he starts throwing up foam. And I'm like, starts throwing up foam. And I'm like, starts throwing up foam. And I'm like, "Oo, I didn't feed him foam. "Oo, I didn't feed him foam. "Oo, I didn't feed him foam. And so I did what you shouldn't do in And so I did what you shouldn't do in And so I did what you shouldn't do in that situation. I googled, "Hey Google, that situation. I googled, "Hey Google, that situation. I googled, "Hey Google, what's wrong with my dog?" And that's what's wrong with my dog?" And that's what's wrong with my dog?" And that's LIKE IF YOU ASK GOOGLE, "WHAT'S WRONG LIKE IF YOU ASK GOOGLE, "WHAT'S WRONG LIKE IF YOU ASK GOOGLE, "WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU when you don't feel good?" WITH YOU when you don't feel good?" WITH YOU when you don't feel good?" Google's like, "Cancer. You have all the Google's like, "Cancer. You have all the Google's like, "Cancer. You have all the cancer. Have you caught it all?" Like it cancer. Have you caught it all?" Like it cancer. Have you caught it all?" Like it was a scavenger hunt or something. was a scavenger hunt or something. was a scavenger hunt or something. And sure enough, Google was like, "Your And sure enough, Google was like, "Your And sure enough, Google was like, "Your dog is dying right now." SO I'M LIKE, dog is dying right now." SO I'M LIKE, dog is dying right now." SO I'M LIKE, [screaming] AND I FLIPPED OUT. I threw [screaming] AND I FLIPPED OUT. I threw [screaming] AND I FLIPPED OUT. I threw him in the car. I speed to the emergency him in the car. I speed to the emergency him in the car. I speed to the emergency vet. We get him in there, man. They take vet. We get him in there, man. They take vet. We get him in there, man. They take him back through the little door. I'm him back through the little door. I'm him back through the little door. I'm sitting in the lobby filling out sitting in the lobby filling out sitting in the lobby filling out paperwork. Now, he's been back there for paperwork. Now, he's been back there for paperwork. Now, he's been back there for like a minute, a minute and a half tops. like a minute, a minute and a half tops. like a minute, a minute and a half tops. The doctor comes out the same door and The doctor comes out the same door and The doctor comes out the same door and says, "Tazz's dad." Now, he said Taz's says, "Tazz's dad." Now, he said Taz's says, "Tazz's dad." Now, he said Taz's dad. What I heard, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, was Taz is dead. was Taz is dead. was Taz is dead. WHICH IS A MESSED UP WAY TO TELL ME YOU WHICH IS A MESSED UP WAY TO TELL ME YOU WHICH IS A MESSED UP WAY TO TELL ME YOU KILLED MY DOG, MAN. YOU JUST KRAMER KILLED MY DOG, MAN. YOU JUST KRAMER KILLED MY DOG, MAN. YOU JUST KRAMER SLIDE IN THE LAB LIKE MY BAD, BRO. YOU SLIDE IN THE LAB LIKE MY BAD, BRO. YOU SLIDE IN THE LAB LIKE MY BAD, BRO. YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT it's like back there. DON'T KNOW WHAT it's like back there. DON'T KNOW WHAT it's like back there. So I hear this. I proceed to start big So I hear this. I proceed to start big So I hear this. I proceed to start big girl crying IMMEDIATELY girl crying IMMEDIATELY girl crying IMMEDIATELY like a Canadian geese and heat. like a Canadian geese and heat. like a Canadian geese and heat. Snot bubbles coming out of the front of Snot bubbles coming out of the front of Snot bubbles coming out of the front of my face. my face. my face. My mascara ran. I wasn't even wearing My mascara ran. I wasn't even wearing My mascara ran. I wasn't even wearing mascara, y'all. mascara, y'all. mascara, y'all. It materialized on the front of my face It materialized on the front of my face It materialized on the front of my face and started to run like I won Miss and started to run like I won Miss and started to run like I won Miss America or something. America or something. America or something. And the ENTIRE TIME THIS SITUATION'S And the ENTIRE TIME THIS SITUATION'S And the ENTIRE TIME THIS SITUATION'S going down, there's a kid sitting next going down, there's a kid sitting next going down, there's a kid sitting next to me in the lobby. the whole time he to me in the lobby. the whole time he to me in the lobby. the whole time he sees everything go down. He's like, "Did sees everything go down. He's like, "Did sees everything go down. He's like, "Did they kill your dog?" they kill your dog?" they kill your dog?" AND I WAS LIKE, "YEAH, KID. THEY KILLED AND I WAS LIKE, "YEAH, KID. THEY KILLED AND I WAS LIKE, "YEAH, KID. THEY KILLED MY DOG. MY DOG. MY DOG. IS YOUR DOG BACK THERE, TOO?" Now he's IS YOUR DOG BACK THERE, TOO?" Now he's IS YOUR DOG BACK THERE, TOO?" Now he's crying. HE'S LIKE, "YEAH." I'M LIKE, crying. HE'S LIKE, "YEAH." I'M LIKE, crying. HE'S LIKE, "YEAH." I'M LIKE, "THEY'RE GOING TO KILL YOUR DOG, TOO. "THEY'RE GOING TO KILL YOUR DOG, TOO. "THEY'RE GOING TO KILL YOUR DOG, TOO. WE GOT TO JAILBREAK HIM, MAN. IT'S THE WE GOT TO JAILBREAK HIM, MAN. IT'S THE WE GOT TO JAILBREAK HIM, MAN. IT'S THE ONLY SHOT WE GOT." ONLY SHOT WE GOT." ONLY SHOT WE GOT." SO, they gave me a tranquilizer. The dog ended up being fine. He drove me The dog ended up being fine. He drove me The dog ended up being fine. He drove me home. home. home. And he looked gangster with a one arm, And he looked gangster with a one arm, And he looked gangster with a one arm, too. It was pretty cool. Let me get you too. It was pretty cool. Let me get you too. It was pretty cool. Let me get you there, pops. [laughter] I will say this, me and my dog do have I will say this, me and my dog do have I will say this, me and my dog do have this in common. We have terrible ADD, this in common. We have terrible ADD, this in common. We have terrible ADD, which uh is a very, you know, people which uh is a very, you know, people which uh is a very, you know, people don't care. That's ADD is the one don't care. That's ADD is the one don't care. That's ADD is the one disorder people are like, "Get over get disorder people are like, "Get over get disorder people are like, "Get over get over it, man. Just just focus. What are over it, man. Just just focus. What are over it, man. Just just focus. What are you doing?" my life. There's no sympathy you doing?" my life. There's no sympathy you doing?" my life. There's no sympathy for ADD. There's no walk for a cure for for ADD. There's no walk for a cure for for ADD. There's no walk for a cure for ADD, which is a shame because it would be which is a shame because it would be which is a shame because it would be such a short walk. You can do it on your lunch break, man. You can do it on your lunch break, man. You can do it on your lunch break, man. We couldn't even organize the add water. We couldn't even organize the add water. We couldn't even organize the add water. We keep getting distracted squirrel the We keep getting distracted squirrel the We keep getting distracted squirrel the whole time. [laughter] Now we'd have to whole time. [laughter] Now we'd have to whole time. [laughter] Now we'd have to get help from OCD. >> Yeah, those folks got their stuff >> Yeah, those folks got their stuff >> Yeah, those folks got their stuff together. I got a lot of weird stuff about me, I got a lot of weird stuff about me, I got a lot of weird stuff about me, man. I know I said that. You know, I man. I know I said that. You know, I man. I know I said that. You know, I grew up in the hood and I appreciate grew up in the hood and I appreciate grew up in the hood and I appreciate where I grew up, man, because where I where I grew up, man, because where I where I grew up, man, because where I grew up, man, we used to roast each grew up, man, we used to roast each grew up, man, we used to roast each other all the time and I learned how to other all the time and I learned how to other all the time and I learned how to snap back real quick and that made me a snap back real quick and that made me a snap back real quick and that made me a better comedian. So, I'm very grateful better comedian. So, I'm very grateful better comedian. So, I'm very grateful for where I grew up. But you know how for where I grew up. But you know how for where I grew up. But you know how when you roasting somebody and the when you roasting somebody and the when you roasting somebody and the person you roasting, they ain't got person you roasting, they ain't got person you roasting, they ain't got nothing left to roast you about, so they nothing left to roast you about, so they nothing left to roast you about, so they start reaching for weird stuff to try start reaching for weird stuff to try start reaching for weird stuff to try and take you down with. And that was how and take you down with. And that was how and take you down with. And that was how I knew I was doing good is when I knew I was doing good is when I knew I was doing good is when everybody started reaching for weird everybody started reaching for weird everybody started reaching for weird stuff to try and take me down with in stuff to try and take me down with in stuff to try and take me down with in the hood, man. Like I knew they were at the hood, man. Like I knew they were at the hood, man. Like I knew they were at the end of their rope if they would the end of their rope if they would the end of their rope if they would start to make fun of me because my belly start to make fun of me because my belly start to make fun of me because my belly button's kind of high. button's kind of high. button's kind of high. Yeah. Game, set, match. This is what Yeah. Game, set, match. This is what Yeah. Game, set, match. This is what you're taking me down with. How old are you're taking me down with. How old are you're taking me down with. How old are we? What is happening right now? It is we? What is happening right now? It is we? What is happening right now? It is up there though. Check that out. It's a up there though. Check that out. It's a up there though. Check that out. It's a little [laughter] little [laughter] little [laughter] um Okay. Easy. Easy. >> [laughter] >> We were doing so good. >> We were doing so good. >> We were doing so good. She screamed, "Oh my goodness, it's in She screamed, "Oh my goodness, it's in She screamed, "Oh my goodness, it's in your throat. your throat. your throat. You can do anti-smoking commercials. You can do anti-smoking commercials. You can do anti-smoking commercials. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> IT'S MESSED UP, MAN. I'M 6 FEET TALL. MY >> IT'S MESSED UP, MAN. I'M 6 FEET TALL. MY >> IT'S MESSED UP, MAN. I'M 6 FEET TALL. MY BELLY BUTTON'S 510. WHAT IS HAPPENING? BELLY BUTTON'S 510. WHAT IS HAPPENING? BELLY BUTTON'S 510. WHAT IS HAPPENING? Cuz it's weird. If I do a slow reveal, Cuz it's weird. If I do a slow reveal, Cuz it's weird. If I do a slow reveal, there should be things by now. Like, there should be things by now. Like, there should be things by now. Like, there's too much open real estate there's too much open real estate there's too much open real estate available on my midriff. And then pow available on my midriff. And then pow available on my midriff. And then pow pow pow, shot in the chest. What's weird is that my butt's in the What's weird is that my butt's in the What's weird is that my butt's in the middle of my back. That's the weirdest. middle of my back. That's the weirdest. middle of my back. That's the weirdest. And I'm not going to show y'all that. And I'm not going to show y'all that. And I'm not going to show y'all that. That is a different show and way more That is a different show and way more That is a different show and way more money. money. money. >> You guys have been absolutely fantastic. >> You guys have been absolutely fantastic. >> You guys have been absolutely fantastic. Utah. Thank you so much for coming out. Utah. Thank you so much for coming out. Utah. Thank you so much for coming out. My name is Have a good night. My name is Have a good night. My name is Have a good night. >> Did any of you see my last special? A >> Did any of you see my last special? A >> Did any of you see my last special? A couple of you, like six of you. So, some couple of you, like six of you. So, some couple of you, like six of you. So, some of you looking at me like, "Oh, 2020 of you looking at me like, "Oh, 2020 of you looking at me like, "Oh, 2020 blew over his hair." Oh, no. [laughter] blew over his hair." Oh, no. [laughter] blew over his hair." Oh, no. [laughter] If you didn't see my last special, go If you didn't see my last special, go If you didn't see my last special, go home and watch it. I looked like adult home and watch it. I looked like adult home and watch it. I looked like adult Bart Simpson. My hair was all the way Bart Simpson. My hair was all the way Bart Simpson. My hair was all the way up. up. up. But we're here now, man. We're doing it. But we're here now, man. We're doing it. But we're here now, man. We're doing it. It's good to see you all again, man. It's good to see you all again, man. It's good to see you all again, man. Since I last saw you, I started doing Since I last saw you, I started doing Since I last saw you, I started doing some cool stuff. I started coaching some cool stuff. I started coaching some cool stuff. I started coaching comedians on how to do standup, which is comedians on how to do standup, which is comedians on how to do standup, which is pretty cool. And that has taught me that pretty cool. And that has taught me that pretty cool. And that has taught me that opening jokes are really hard. They're opening jokes are really hard. They're opening jokes are really hard. They're very, very difficult to write. They're very, very difficult to write. They're very, very difficult to write. They're really hard to write because there's a really hard to write because there's a really hard to write because there's a lot of assumptions as an audience member lot of assumptions as an audience member lot of assumptions as an audience member that you have about us when you see us, that you have about us when you see us, that you have about us when you see us, when you hear us. And so, it's our job when you hear us. And so, it's our job when you hear us. And so, it's our job as a comedian to lean into those as a comedian to lean into those as a comedian to lean into those assumptions or shatter them with jokes assumptions or shatter them with jokes assumptions or shatter them with jokes the entire set. Okay? So, there's a few the entire set. Okay? So, there's a few the entire set. Okay? So, there's a few different ways you could do that. First different ways you could do that. First different ways you could do that. First type of joke you could do is something type of joke you could do is something type of joke you could do is something that kind of satisfies something you're that kind of satisfies something you're that kind of satisfies something you're thinking and something you didn't know thinking and something you didn't know thinking and something you didn't know that you were thinking. Comedians that you were thinking. Comedians that you were thinking. Comedians usually do look like jokes to do that. usually do look like jokes to do that. usually do look like jokes to do that. Like for example, I know that I look Like for example, I know that I look Like for example, I know that I look like if Deadpool and Cable had a baby like if Deadpool and Cable had a baby like if Deadpool and Cable had a baby and that baby kind of sounded like a and that baby kind of sounded like a and that baby kind of sounded like a ghetto muppet, ghetto muppet, ghetto muppet, which I'm okay with because muppets make which I'm okay with because muppets make which I'm okay with because muppets make everything better. All righty. everything better. All righty. everything better. All righty. So, that's the first type of opening So, that's the first type of opening So, that's the first type of opening joke that I could go with. Another type joke that I could go with. Another type joke that I could go with. Another type of opening joke I could tell you is I of opening joke I could tell you is I of opening joke I could tell you is I can tell you a situation that I was in can tell you a situation that I was in can tell you a situation that I was in and that situation tells you a lot about and that situation tells you a lot about and that situation tells you a lot about me without saying too much. Okay? For me without saying too much. Okay? For me without saying too much. Okay? For example, person asked me the other day example, person asked me the other day example, person asked me the other day how I was doing and I told him, "I've how I was doing and I told him, "I've how I was doing and I told him, "I've watched the Spice Girl movie twice this watched the Spice Girl movie twice this watched the Spice Girl movie twice this year." I want you to really think about that I want you to really think about that I want you to really think about that for a second. Think about the type of for a second. Think about the type of for a second. Think about the type of circumstances that a 30-some year old circumstances that a 30-some year old circumstances that a 30-some year old male would find himself in to watch 1997 male would find himself in to watch 1997 male would find himself in to watch 1997 Spice World, not once but twice in a Spice World, not once but twice in a Spice World, not once but twice in a calendar year. Also, notice the calendar year. Also, notice the calendar year. Also, notice the language. I did not say that I saw it language. I did not say that I saw it language. I did not say that I saw it twice. I said I watched it twice. Okay? twice. I said I watched it twice. Okay? twice. I said I watched it twice. Okay? Seeing it implies that there was a Seeing it implies that there was a Seeing it implies that there was a happening already taking place that I happening already taking place that I happening already taking place that I did nothing to stop watching it. That did nothing to stop watching it. That did nothing to stop watching it. That means I had to go seek it out. I was on means I had to go seek it out. I was on means I had to go seek it out. I was on my phone and I was like, "Hey Google, my phone and I was like, "Hey Google, my phone and I was like, "Hey Google, how do I watch 1997 Spice World?" And how do I watch 1997 Spice World?" And how do I watch 1997 Spice World?" And Google was like, "Calling a therapist Google was like, "Calling a therapist Google was like, "Calling a therapist right now. You're not okay." You're not okay." You're not okay." And then I had to go on eBay and I had And then I had to go on eBay and I had And then I had to go on eBay and I had to buy a VHS copy because DVDs were to buy a VHS copy because DVDs were to buy a VHS copy because DVDs were like, "We're not doing that to people." like, "We're not doing that to people." like, "We're not doing that to people." So I had TO BUY A VHS copy off of eBay So I had TO BUY A VHS copy off of eBay So I had TO BUY A VHS copy off of eBay of the Spice Girls movie. And then I had of the Spice Girls movie. And then I had of the Spice Girls movie. And then I had to buy a VCR cuz I don't own a liquor to buy a VCR cuz I don't own a liquor to buy a VCR cuz I don't own a liquor store. store. store. It's the only place you see one of those It's the only place you see one of those It's the only place you see one of those operating is behind the counter. All operating is behind the counter. All operating is behind the counter. All right. Somehow attached to a TV that right. Somehow attached to a TV that right. Somehow attached to a TV that looks older than the VCR. [laughter] looks older than the VCR. [laughter] looks older than the VCR. [laughter] And then I watch Spice World twice this And then I watch Spice World twice this And then I watch Spice World twice this year. Not on the same day. [laughter] year. Not on the same day. [laughter] year. Not on the same day. [laughter] You know why that's worse, right? That You know why that's worse, right? That You know why that's worse, right? That means whatever bad thing happened to me means whatever bad thing happened to me means whatever bad thing happened to me one time, it happened again. All right. one time, it happened again. All right. one time, it happened again. All right. But the second time it was worse because But the second time it was worse because But the second time it was worse because that time I had to REWIND IT TO WATCH IT that time I had to REWIND IT TO WATCH IT that time I had to REWIND IT TO WATCH IT FIRST. >> [applause] >> [applause] >> [applause] >> YEAH, I had to steep myself in that >> YEAH, I had to steep myself in that >> YEAH, I had to steep myself in that energy for 90 seconds. Like, no, this is energy for 90 seconds. Like, no, this is energy for 90 seconds. Like, no, this is what I want to happen. what I want to happen. what I want to happen. Come on. Come on. Come on. You get no prizes for watching Spice You get no prizes for watching Spice You get no prizes for watching Spice World two times in one year. But if you World two times in one year. But if you World two times in one year. But if you watch it three times, they send you watch it three times, they send you watch it three times, they send you cumin for free. cumin for free. cumin for free. That's a World Spice Spice World joke, That's a World Spice Spice World joke, That's a World Spice Spice World joke, and it's not the nerdiest joke you're and it's not the nerdiest joke you're and it's not the nerdiest joke you're going to hear tonight. So, buckle up. going to hear tonight. So, buckle up. going to hear tonight. So, buckle up. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> A third type of opening joke is I could >> A third type of opening joke is I could >> A third type of opening joke is I could give you a hot take or a hill that I'm give you a hot take or a hill that I'm give you a hot take or a hill that I'm willing to die on and that tells you a willing to die on and that tells you a willing to die on and that tells you a lot about me as a person. For example, lot about me as a person. For example, lot about me as a person. For example, I'm here to tell you with full I'm here to tell you with full I'm here to tell you with full confidence I believe that Dirty Dancing confidence I believe that Dirty Dancing confidence I believe that Dirty Dancing Havana Nights is so much better than the Havana Nights is so much better than the Havana Nights is so much better than the original Dirty Dancing. Unless you dub original Dirty Dancing. Unless you dub original Dirty Dancing. Unless you dub the original Dirty Dancing over Muppet the original Dirty Dancing over Muppet the original Dirty Dancing over Muppet Music. That's right. [laughter] Music. That's right. [laughter] Music. That's right. [laughter] Yeah. No one puts Muppet Baby in the Yeah. No one puts Muppet Baby in the Yeah. No one puts Muppet Baby in the corner. corner. corner. You can't cuz she's Gonzo. [laughter] You can't cuz she's Gonzo. [laughter] You can't cuz she's Gonzo. [laughter] She waka waka away. These dad jokes are She waka waka away. These dad jokes are She waka waka away. These dad jokes are just going to fall out. [laughter] I'm a just going to fall out. [laughter] I'm a just going to fall out. [laughter] I'm a dad now. They're just going to come at dad now. They're just going to come at dad now. They're just going to come at me like a werewolf movie. All right. You me like a werewolf movie. All right. You me like a werewolf movie. All right. You can hear all the dads howling at the can hear all the dads howling at the can hear all the dads howling at the moon. Oh, got your nose. moon. Oh, got your nose. moon. Oh, got your nose. And that's an opening bit about opening And that's an opening bit about opening And that's an opening bit about opening jokes. There you go. Right on. Thank you. [applause] Thank you. [applause] Thank you. [applause] I'll tell you a little bit more about I'll tell you a little bit more about I'll tell you a little bit more about me. I'm also a millennial. I was born in me. I'm also a millennial. I was born in me. I'm also a millennial. I was born in the 80s. makes me an elder millennial, the 80s. makes me an elder millennial, the 80s. makes me an elder millennial, so you should be annoyed at me for no so you should be annoyed at me for no so you should be annoyed at me for no good reason. Uh, [laughter] yeah, man. good reason. Uh, [laughter] yeah, man. good reason. Uh, [laughter] yeah, man. It's It's rough being a millennial cuz It's It's rough being a millennial cuz It's It's rough being a millennial cuz people give you a lot of slack for it. I people give you a lot of slack for it. I people give you a lot of slack for it. I just wish the shade I would get made just wish the shade I would get made just wish the shade I would get made sense. Like, I was in the elevator a sense. Like, I was in the elevator a sense. Like, I was in the elevator a couple weeks ago. There's an older couple weeks ago. There's an older couple weeks ago. There's an older gentleman in the elevator with me. I was gentleman in the elevator with me. I was gentleman in the elevator with me. I was playing with a fidget spinner that I playing with a fidget spinner that I playing with a fidget spinner that I have. And he leaned over to me. He's have. And he leaned over to me. He's have. And he leaned over to me. He's like, "In my day, we didn't need those." like, "In my day, we didn't need those." like, "In my day, we didn't need those." I'm like, "You may not have need them, I'm like, "You may not have need them, I'm like, "You may not have need them, but you you had one, though. It was just but you you had one, though. It was just but you you had one, though. It was just called a rotary phone. called a rotary phone. called a rotary phone. There it is." Yep. That was the original There it is." Yep. That was the original There it is." Yep. That was the original fidget spinner. For those of you who fidget spinner. For those of you who fidget spinner. For those of you who don't know what a rotary phone is, don't know what a rotary phone is, don't know what a rotary phone is, that's a phone you use if you don't want that's a phone you use if you don't want that's a phone you use if you don't want to talk to nobody. [laughter] to talk to nobody. [laughter] to talk to nobody. [laughter] I was dialing all the time growing up. I was dialing all the time growing up. I was dialing all the time growing up. I was collecting book lights before I I was collecting book lights before I I was collecting book lights before I could read from telemarketers. It was could read from telemarketers. It was could read from telemarketers. It was wonderful. And then the guy doubled wonderful. And then the guy doubled wonderful. And then the guy doubled down. He's like, "Well, my generation down. He's like, "Well, my generation down. He's like, "Well, my generation doesn't have any trouble focusing like doesn't have any trouble focusing like doesn't have any trouble focusing like your generation does." And I'm like, your generation does." And I'm like, your generation does." And I'm like, "Yeah, man. But in our defense, you also "Yeah, man. But in our defense, you also "Yeah, man. But in our defense, you also only had like two TV stations. only had like two TV stations. only had like two TV stations. [laughter] Of course you didn't have [laughter] Of course you didn't have [laughter] Of course you didn't have ADD. You barely had ads. ADD. You barely had ads. ADD. You barely had ads. And as a millennial man, I might as well And as a millennial man, I might as well And as a millennial man, I might as well have been raised by the TV man. I might have been raised by the TV man. I might have been raised by the TV man. I might as well have been raised by the Tanner as well have been raised by the Tanner as well have been raised by the Tanner family or the Winslow family. I got a family or the Winslow family. I got a family or the Winslow family. I got a friend who drinks too much was raised by friend who drinks too much was raised by friend who drinks too much was raised by Cheers Cheers Cheers cuz everybody knew his name. I like when like the older generation I like when like the older generation I like when like the older generation always calls the younger generation always calls the younger generation always calls the younger generation soft. That's the word they use a lot. soft. That's the word they use a lot. soft. That's the word they use a lot. This new generation is so gosh darn This new generation is so gosh darn This new generation is so gosh darn soft. They're so soft. I CAN'T STAND soft. They're so soft. I CAN'T STAND soft. They're so soft. I CAN'T STAND THEM. THEY'RE TOO SOFT. AND I'M JUST THEM. THEY'RE TOO SOFT. AND I'M JUST THEM. THEY'RE TOO SOFT. AND I'M JUST LIKE, this is a person who has clearly LIKE, this is a person who has clearly LIKE, this is a person who has clearly never petted a bunny, never petted a bunny, never petted a bunny, right? right? right? They're so soft. Or a chinchilla. What They're so soft. Or a chinchilla. What They're so soft. Or a chinchilla. What is wrong with you? And I'm like, homie, is wrong with you? And I'm like, homie, is wrong with you? And I'm like, homie, you don't like soft stuff that much. you don't like soft stuff that much. you don't like soft stuff that much. Maybe women should stop shaving their Maybe women should stop shaving their Maybe women should stop shaving their legs. What would you do then? Get some legs. What would you do then? Get some legs. What would you do then? Get some stubble, Leroy. GRAB A HAIRY CALF. BE A stubble, Leroy. GRAB A HAIRY CALF. BE A stubble, Leroy. GRAB A HAIRY CALF. BE A MAN. [clears throat] MAN. [clears throat] MAN. [clears throat] Or you got a high thread crown. Come on Or you got a high thread crown. Come on Or you got a high thread crown. Come on now, man. We all know real men sleep on now, man. We all know real men sleep on now, man. We all know real men sleep on Norwegian driftwood. Norwegian driftwood. Norwegian driftwood. You're using Q-tips, but you got a You're using Q-tips, but you got a You're using Q-tips, but you got a perfectly good screwdriver. Be a man. perfectly good screwdriver. Be a man. perfectly good screwdriver. Be a man. That's what bullies say, though, right? That's what bullies say, though, right? That's what bullies say, though, right? They're like, "Oh man, it's soft. You're They're like, "Oh man, it's soft. You're They're like, "Oh man, it's soft. You're soft." The irony is that if you were to soft." The irony is that if you were to soft." The irony is that if you were to take all the bullies of past take all the bullies of past take all the bullies of past generations, bring them to today, they generations, bring them to today, they generations, bring them to today, they couldn't take getting bullied by a couldn't take getting bullied by a couldn't take getting bullied by a millennial or Gen Z. They couldn't take millennial or Gen Z. They couldn't take millennial or Gen Z. They couldn't take it at all. But honestly, we probably it at all. But honestly, we probably it at all. But honestly, we probably wouldn't even bully him back. We would wouldn't even bully him back. We would wouldn't even bully him back. We would just put him in the Big Brother house, just put him in the Big Brother house, just put him in the Big Brother house, make a reality TV show with all the make a reality TV show with all the make a reality TV show with all the bullies. bullies. bullies. I could hear Biff Tannon in my head I could hear Biff Tannon in my head I could hear Biff Tannon in my head right now with all the bullies from Back right now with all the bullies from Back right now with all the bullies from Back to the Future. Hello, Malfoy. It's Levio to the Future. Hello, Malfoy. It's Levio to the Future. Hello, Malfoy. It's Levio Malfoy. [laughter] That's an intergenerational Back to the That's an intergenerational Back to the That's an intergenerational Back to the Future Harry Potter joke. And that is Future Harry Potter joke. And that is Future Harry Potter joke. And that is the nerdiest joke you're going to hear the nerdiest joke you're going to hear the nerdiest joke you're going to hear tonight. Thank [cheering] you. tonight. Thank [cheering] you. tonight. Thank [cheering] you. Absolutely, man. I think people are just Absolutely, man. I think people are just Absolutely, man. I think people are just silly. That's why I'm a dog guy, man. silly. That's why I'm a dog guy, man. silly. That's why I'm a dog guy, man. Like my last special, uh, I did a lot of Like my last special, uh, I did a lot of Like my last special, uh, I did a lot of jokes about my three-legged pug, Taz, so jokes about my three-legged pug, Taz, so jokes about my three-legged pug, Taz, so a lot of people got to know him, which a lot of people got to know him, which a lot of people got to know him, which is pretty dope, man. And Taz, since I is pretty dope, man. And Taz, since I is pretty dope, man. And Taz, since I did that special, he's gotten older now. did that special, he's gotten older now. did that special, he's gotten older now. He just turned 9 years old. Yeah. He's He just turned 9 years old. Yeah. He's He just turned 9 years old. Yeah. He's got a gray beard. Likes to lay around got a gray beard. Likes to lay around got a gray beard. Likes to lay around the house a lot. And so, a couple years the house a lot. And so, a couple years the house a lot. And so, a couple years ago, my wife and I were like, "Hey, man, ago, my wife and I were like, "Hey, man, ago, my wife and I were like, "Hey, man, we should probably just like get him a we should probably just like get him a we should probably just like get him a buddy. That'll keep him young, right?" buddy. That'll keep him young, right?" buddy. That'll keep him young, right?" And so we got him a Chihuahua pug mix. And so we got him a Chihuahua pug mix. And so we got him a Chihuahua pug mix. Yeah, man. We figured that the the pug Yeah, man. We figured that the the pug Yeah, man. We figured that the the pug would like supersede the annoying of the would like supersede the annoying of the would like supersede the annoying of the Chihuahua. Na nigh. That is not what Chihuahua. Na nigh. That is not what Chihuahua. Na nigh. That is not what happens. happens. happens. You just get a giant Chihuahua with a You just get a giant Chihuahua with a You just get a giant Chihuahua with a tiny head. That's what you get. tiny head. That's what you get. tiny head. That's what you get. She looks like one of those glmbbas from She looks like one of those glmbbas from She looks like one of those glmbbas from the Super Mario Brothers movie. Like the Super Mario Brothers movie. Like the Super Mario Brothers movie. Like her name is Scrappy B for Scrappy Boo. her name is Scrappy B for Scrappy Boo. her name is Scrappy B for Scrappy Boo. We call her that cuz she's afraid of We call her that cuz she's afraid of We call her that cuz she's afraid of everything. everything. everything. Taz never met a human that he didn't Taz never met a human that he didn't Taz never met a human that he didn't love on site. Scrappy is afraid of the love on site. Scrappy is afraid of the love on site. Scrappy is afraid of the wind. wind. wind. Any noise, SHE'S LIKE, "WHAT WAS THAT?" Any noise, SHE'S LIKE, "WHAT WAS THAT?" Any noise, SHE'S LIKE, "WHAT WAS THAT?" IT WAS A CAR. THEY drive by every day. IT WAS A CAR. THEY drive by every day. IT WAS A CAR. THEY drive by every day. THERE'S A BIG PERSON OVER THERE. THAT'S THERE'S A BIG PERSON OVER THERE. THAT'S THERE'S A BIG PERSON OVER THERE. THAT'S A CARDBOARD cutout of John Cena. You A CARDBOARD cutout of John Cena. You A CARDBOARD cutout of John Cena. You shouldn't be able to see him anyway. shouldn't be able to see him anyway. shouldn't be able to see him anyway. Wow, man. I thought we were adopting a Wow, man. I thought we were adopting a Wow, man. I thought we were adopting a buddy for Taz when we got her. I didn't buddy for Taz when we got her. I didn't buddy for Taz when we got her. I didn't know that we were adopting Hannibal know that we were adopting Hannibal know that we were adopting Hannibal Lectar. Lectar. Lectar. You can't keep her in conventional You can't keep her in conventional You can't keep her in conventional traps. She's wild, man. Like I I got one traps. She's wild, man. Like I I got one traps. She's wild, man. Like I I got one of those puppy play pins to try and keep of those puppy play pins to try and keep of those puppy play pins to try and keep her in. So you can put them in there. Go her in. So you can put them in there. Go her in. So you can put them in there. Go about your life. Got the little gates. I about your life. Got the little gates. I about your life. Got the little gates. I put her in there. 5 seconds flat. She's put her in there. 5 seconds flat. She's put her in there. 5 seconds flat. She's by my foot. Like that was a fun game. by my foot. Like that was a fun game. by my foot. Like that was a fun game. What are we going to do next? Find Clarice apparently. Find Clarice apparently. Find Clarice apparently. Then I got a tarp to cover the top of Then I got a tarp to cover the top of Then I got a tarp to cover the top of the play pin with duct tape. I put her the play pin with duct tape. I put her the play pin with duct tape. I put her in there 10 seconds flat. She's right in there 10 seconds flat. She's right in there 10 seconds flat. She's right there. I'm like, "What is going on right there. I'm like, "What is going on right there. I'm like, "What is going on right now?" Then I got sandbags like I'm now?" Then I got sandbags like I'm now?" Then I got sandbags like I'm getting ready for a flood or war. I put getting ready for a flood or war. I put getting ready for a flood or war. I put her in there. I go in the living room her in there. I go in the living room her in there. I go in the living room and I do not hear from her or see her. and I do not hear from her or see her. and I do not hear from her or see her. And I'm like, "Haha, [laughter] I And I'm like, "Haha, [laughter] I And I'm like, "Haha, [laughter] I outsmarted the pooch." Then I went in to outsmarted the pooch." Then I went in to outsmarted the pooch." Then I went in to the kitchen where she was. Not only has the kitchen where she was. Not only has the kitchen where she was. Not only has she escaped from the play pen, she she escaped from the play pen, she she escaped from the play pen, she pooped on top of it. [laughter] And I was only mad that I didn't see how And I was only mad that I didn't see how And I was only mad that I didn't see how she did it. Like I got an uncle in San she did it. Like I got an uncle in San she did it. Like I got an uncle in San Quinton. She's trying to escape the same Quinton. She's trying to escape the same Quinton. She's trying to escape the same way. So, [laughter] way. So, [laughter] they can help each other out, man. they can help each other out, man. they can help each other out, man. She is a part of a cute household now. She is a part of a cute household now. She is a part of a cute household now. Uh my wife and I just had our first Uh my wife and I just had our first Uh my wife and I just had our first child this last year, which is dope. child this last year, which is dope. child this last year, which is dope. [cheering and applause] Thank you. Thank [cheering and applause] Thank you. Thank [cheering and applause] Thank you. Thank you. you. you. Yeah, man. It's pretty cool. If you've Yeah, man. It's pretty cool. If you've Yeah, man. It's pretty cool. If you've never had a new baby before, I'll tell never had a new baby before, I'll tell never had a new baby before, I'll tell you what it's like right now. Okay. you what it's like right now. Okay. you what it's like right now. Okay. Having a new baby, it's like this. Every Having a new baby, it's like this. Every Having a new baby, it's like this. Every day on a scale of 1 to 10, you just get day on a scale of 1 to 10, you just get day on a scale of 1 to 10, you just get a bunch of ones and tens. a bunch of ones and tens. a bunch of ones and tens. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> two through nine take a hike. I haven't >> two through nine take a hike. I haven't >> two through nine take a hike. I haven't seen those numbers for a long time. seen those numbers for a long time. seen those numbers for a long time. Every day there's a bunch of tens where Every day there's a bunch of tens where Every day there's a bunch of tens where you're like, "Oh my goodness, we made a you're like, "Oh my goodness, we made a you're like, "Oh my goodness, we made a miracle. What a blessing." And then miracle. What a blessing." And then miracle. What a blessing." And then there's a bunch of ones WHERE YOU'RE there's a bunch of ones WHERE YOU'RE there's a bunch of ones WHERE YOU'RE LIKE, "HOLY, JUST GO TO SLEEP." LIKE, "HOLY, JUST GO TO SLEEP." LIKE, "HOLY, JUST GO TO SLEEP." LIKE, YOU KNOW HOW YOU'RE MAD RIGHT NOW? LIKE, YOU KNOW HOW YOU'RE MAD RIGHT NOW? LIKE, YOU KNOW HOW YOU'RE MAD RIGHT NOW? CUZ YOU'RE TIRED. JUST GO TO SLEEP. CUZ YOU'RE TIRED. JUST GO TO SLEEP. CUZ YOU'RE TIRED. JUST GO TO SLEEP. >> There's a lot of that every day. >> There's a lot of that every day. >> There's a lot of that every day. >> [applause] >> You don't know the joy. >> Oh man. Yeah. My son's name is Robin >> Oh man. Yeah. My son's name is Robin >> Oh man. Yeah. My son's name is Robin with a Y because my name is Miles with a with a Y because my name is Miles with a with a Y because my name is Miles with a Y. And I'm like, I'm not the only person Y. And I'm like, I'm not the only person Y. And I'm like, I'm not the only person who's going to get misspelled at who's going to get misspelled at who's going to get misspelled at Starbucks, Playboy. Okay. Like, Starbucks, Playboy. Okay. Like, Starbucks, Playboy. Okay. Like, that's how we're doing it. All right, that's how we're doing it. All right, that's how we're doing it. All right, man. And he's cool, man. He's He's dope. man. And he's cool, man. He's He's dope. man. And he's cool, man. He's He's dope. But if I had to describe his demeanor to But if I had to describe his demeanor to But if I had to describe his demeanor to you, it would be unimpressed with life. you, it would be unimpressed with life. you, it would be unimpressed with life. Everything. Like we got a bubble gun, Everything. Like we got a bubble gun, Everything. Like we got a bubble gun, you know, to surround him in bubbles. you know, to surround him in bubbles. you know, to surround him in bubbles. I'm like, "Oh, he's a new baby. This is I'm like, "Oh, he's a new baby. This is I'm like, "Oh, he's a new baby. This is going to turn his mind to mush." And we going to turn his mind to mush." And we going to turn his mind to mush." And we surrounded him in just millions of surrounded him in just millions of surrounded him in just millions of bubbles. And he's just looking like bubbles. And he's just looking like bubbles. And he's just looking like they were better in heaven. Like, they were better in heaven. Like, they were better in heaven. Like, and look, they pop. They're all gone. and look, they pop. They're all gone. and look, they pop. They're all gone. Nothing lasts. Like, I'm going go inside Nothing lasts. Like, I'm going go inside Nothing lasts. Like, I'm going go inside and chew on my foot for a little bit. and chew on my foot for a little bit. and chew on my foot for a little bit. I showed him Blues Clues for the first I showed him Blues Clues for the first I showed him Blues Clues for the first time. I thought he would be impressed by time. I thought he would be impressed by time. I thought he would be impressed by blue blues clues. I'm like, "Hey man, blue blues clues. I'm like, "Hey man, blue blues clues. I'm like, "Hey man, let's find all three of Blue's clues." let's find all three of Blue's clues." let's find all three of Blue's clues." And he's like, "They're all three on And he's like, "They're all three on And he's like, "They're all three on your arm. This show sucks. [laughter] There are some things though that he There are some things though that he There are some things though that he does that I hope stick for like his does that I hope stick for like his does that I hope stick for like his whole life into adulthood, though. Uh whole life into adulthood, though. Uh whole life into adulthood, though. Uh there's a few things you guys that I I I there's a few things you guys that I I I there's a few things you guys that I I I do hope sticks. Like for example, he do hope sticks. Like for example, he do hope sticks. Like for example, he calls both my wife and I mama. calls both my wife and I mama. calls both my wife and I mama. [laughter] I hope that sticks till he's [laughter] I hope that sticks till he's [laughter] I hope that sticks till he's an adult. Absolutely. Cuz you know, one an adult. Absolutely. Cuz you know, one an adult. Absolutely. Cuz you know, one out of I would love to be able to out of I would love to be able to out of I would love to be able to introduce and be like, "Hi, I'm Robin's introduce and be like, "Hi, I'm Robin's introduce and be like, "Hi, I'm Robin's mother. Nice to meet you." [laughter] mother. Nice to meet you." [laughter] mother. Nice to meet you." [laughter] And you know, one out of every 10 times And you know, one out of every 10 times And you know, one out of every 10 times you're going to get one guy that's like, you're going to get one guy that's like, you're going to get one guy that's like, "You're his father." AND IT'S LIKE, "AH, "You're his father." AND IT'S LIKE, "AH, "You're his father." AND IT'S LIKE, "AH, THIS IS GOING TO BUG YOU FOR a month and THIS IS GOING TO BUG YOU FOR a month and THIS IS GOING TO BUG YOU FOR a month and a half." Another a half." Another a half." Another thing he does is uh when you go to thing he does is uh when you go to thing he does is uh when you go to change him and you take off his pants, change him and you take off his pants, change him and you take off his pants, he laughs uncontrollably cuz he thinks he laughs uncontrollably cuz he thinks he laughs uncontrollably cuz he thinks that you're going to play peekaboo with that you're going to play peekaboo with that you're going to play peekaboo with him. I hope that sticks for his whole him. I hope that sticks for his whole him. I hope that sticks for his whole life. life. life. Take off his pants, he loses it, man. Take off his pants, he loses it, man. Take off his pants, he loses it, man. Like he's in the changing room at Like he's in the changing room at Like he's in the changing room at Target. They're like, "Sir, are you okay Target. They're like, "Sir, are you okay Target. They're like, "Sir, are you okay in there?" HE'S LIKE, "I'M NOT FINE YET. in there?" HE'S LIKE, "I'M NOT FINE YET. in there?" HE'S LIKE, "I'M NOT FINE YET. These pants ARE HILARIOUS. These pants ARE HILARIOUS. These pants ARE HILARIOUS. THEY'VE GOT BELLS ON THE BOTTOMS. THEY'VE GOT BELLS ON THE BOTTOMS. THEY'VE GOT BELLS ON THE BOTTOMS. As soon as I learn how to whistle, it's As soon as I learn how to whistle, it's As soon as I learn how to whistle, it's all over, man. [laughter] all over, man. [laughter] all over, man. [laughter] It's wild. Yeah, man. Being a baby owner It's wild. Yeah, man. Being a baby owner It's wild. Yeah, man. Being a baby owner is weird. [laughter] It's very strange. Looks uncomfortable, It's very strange. Looks uncomfortable, It's very strange. Looks uncomfortable, honestly. Like my wife and I were honestly. Like my wife and I were honestly. Like my wife and I were watching him sleep on the baby monitor a watching him sleep on the baby monitor a watching him sleep on the baby monitor a little while ago and he was dead asleep. little while ago and he was dead asleep. little while ago and he was dead asleep. But then all of a SUDDEN But then all of a SUDDEN But then all of a SUDDEN my wife freaked out. She's like, "Oh my my wife freaked out. She's like, "Oh my my wife freaked out. She's like, "Oh my goodness, WHAT WAS THAT? SHOULD WE TAKE goodness, WHAT WAS THAT? SHOULD WE TAKE goodness, WHAT WAS THAT? SHOULD WE TAKE HIM TO THE HOSPITAL?" LIKE, "Calm down. HIM TO THE HOSPITAL?" LIKE, "Calm down. HIM TO THE HOSPITAL?" LIKE, "Calm down. He probably just had a dream about He probably just had a dream about He probably just had a dream about taxes." taxes." taxes." I remember my first dream about taxes. I remember my first dream about taxes. I remember my first dream about taxes. It sounded exactly like that. It sounded exactly like that. It sounded exactly like that. Or the opposite happens, right? You got Or the opposite happens, right? You got Or the opposite happens, right? You got a baby losing their mind, WON'T STOP a baby losing their mind, WON'T STOP a baby losing their mind, WON'T STOP CRYING. [screaming] CRYING. [screaming] CRYING. [screaming] AND THEN ALL OF A SUDDEN I'm like, "Oh no, DID I BREAK HIM? WHAT I'm like, "Oh no, DID I BREAK HIM? WHAT I'm like, "Oh no, DID I BREAK HIM? WHAT HAPPENED?" But I don't check right away HAPPENED?" But I don't check right away HAPPENED?" But I don't check right away cuz if he wakes up, this is going to cuz if he wakes up, this is going to cuz if he wakes up, this is going to ruin my night. But if he's dead, this is ruin my night. But if he's dead, this is ruin my night. But if he's dead, this is going to ruin my life. So, ARE YOU OKAY? going to ruin my life. So, ARE YOU OKAY? going to ruin my life. So, ARE YOU OKAY? [screaming] OKAY, here we go. [screaming] OKAY, here we go. [screaming] OKAY, here we go. And when he was brand new, my wife was And when he was brand new, my wife was And when he was brand new, my wife was kind of upset. She came to me. She's kind of upset. She came to me. She's kind of upset. She came to me. She's like, "He smiles at you more than he like, "He smiles at you more than he like, "He smiles at you more than he smiles at me." And I'm like, that may be smiles at me." And I'm like, that may be smiles at me." And I'm like, that may be true, but in your defense, new babies true, but in your defense, new babies true, but in your defense, new babies are super dumb. are super dumb. are super dumb. I'm just a series of colors and shapes I'm just a series of colors and shapes I'm just a series of colors and shapes that he recognizes, man. Like, look at that he recognizes, man. Like, look at that he recognizes, man. Like, look at my head. He thinks this is a normal my head. He thinks this is a normal my head. He thinks this is a normal man's head. Like, he sees other guys and man's head. Like, he sees other guys and man's head. Like, he sees other guys and he's just like, "Oh, why don't you look he's just like, "Oh, why don't you look he's just like, "Oh, why don't you look like a clown?" Like, he just [laughter] like a clown?" Like, he just [laughter] like a clown?" Like, he just [laughter] so unimpressed about everything, man. so unimpressed about everything, man. so unimpressed about everything, man. He's a very wild kid. And I'm just like, He's a very wild kid. And I'm just like, He's a very wild kid. And I'm just like, "Don't worry about it. Don't take it too "Don't worry about it. Don't take it too "Don't worry about it. Don't take it too personally. He can't even vote yet. Wait personally. He can't even vote yet. Wait personally. He can't even vote yet. Wait till he's a toddler, you know? till he's a toddler, you know? till he's a toddler, you know? He just learned last week his hands are He just learned last week his hands are He just learned last week his hands are attached to him. So, I mean, [laughter] attached to him. So, I mean, [laughter] attached to him. So, I mean, [laughter] it's not that bad. I will say this, I'm it's not that bad. I will say this, I'm it's not that bad. I will say this, I'm a different person now. You know, a different person now. You know, a different person now. You know, there's me before baby and now there's there's me before baby and now there's there's me before baby and now there's me after baby. I'm a different human me after baby. I'm a different human me after baby. I'm a different human being. I was fortunate enough to be being. I was fortunate enough to be being. I was fortunate enough to be around my son every day of his life for around my son every day of his life for around my son every day of his life for the first six months of his life. And the first six months of his life. And the first six months of his life. And that's super cool because when you're that's super cool because when you're that's super cool because when you're around a baby, you lock eyes with them. around a baby, you lock eyes with them. around a baby, you lock eyes with them. You're like, "Look at you, big strong You're like, "Look at you, big strong You're like, "Look at you, big strong man holding up his head and everything. man holding up his head and everything. man holding up his head and everything. Look at you. Look at you." And you get Look at you. Look at you." And you get Look at you. Look at you." And you get excited. And you should do that with excited. And you should do that with excited. And you should do that with babies. But then I left home for the babies. But then I left home for the babies. But then I left home for the first time and I saw an adult. first time and I saw an adult. first time and I saw an adult. Yeah. I went to Starbucks and locked Yeah. I went to Starbucks and locked Yeah. I went to Starbucks and locked eyes with the barista and I was like, eyes with the barista and I was like, eyes with the barista and I was like, "Who was a big strong barista?" "Who was a big strong barista?" "Who was a big strong barista?" Look at you making coffee holding up Look at you making coffee holding up Look at you making coffee holding up your head and everything. your head and everything. your head and everything. Miles with an eye. Thank you. I Miles with an eye. Thank you. I Miles with an eye. Thank you. I appreciate that. [laughter] appreciate that. [laughter] appreciate that. [laughter] I'm different now at gyms. That's I'm different now at gyms. That's I'm different now at gyms. That's another thing. Like I used to I used to another thing. Like I used to I used to another thing. Like I used to I used to go to the gym and I used to be impressed go to the gym and I used to be impressed go to the gym and I used to be impressed when I'd see dudes curling giant when I'd see dudes curling giant when I'd see dudes curling giant dumbbells. I'm like, "Look at that guy. dumbbells. I'm like, "Look at that guy. dumbbells. I'm like, "Look at that guy. He's so strong. Look at him curling He's so strong. Look at him curling He's so strong. Look at him curling those dumbbells." Now I don't care. I those dumbbells." Now I don't care. I those dumbbells." Now I don't care. I don't care. I'm like, "Yeah, homie. You don't care. I'm like, "Yeah, homie. You don't care. I'm like, "Yeah, homie. You can curl that dumbbell, but can you can curl that dumbbell, but can you can curl that dumbbell, but can you soothe it? soothe it? soothe it? [laughter] Can you bounce it on your hip [laughter] Can you bounce it on your hip [laughter] Can you bounce it on your hip for 45 minutes while it screams?" No, for 45 minutes while it screams?" No, for 45 minutes while it screams?" No, you cannot, sir. [laughter] you cannot, sir. [laughter] you cannot, sir. [laughter] You can lift 200 lb above your head, but You can lift 200 lb above your head, but You can lift 200 lb above your head, but it didn't even puke on you. it didn't even puke on you. it didn't even puke on you. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Look at you staying dry for the duration >> Look at you staying dry for the duration >> Look at you staying dry for the duration of your activity. of your activity. of your activity. I could deadlift 400 lb. Yeah, man. But I could deadlift 400 lb. Yeah, man. But I could deadlift 400 lb. Yeah, man. But then it didn't try and get away FROM YOU then it didn't try and get away FROM YOU then it didn't try and get away FROM YOU ONE TIME. ONE TIME. ONE TIME. YOU JUST GOT TO PICK IT UP AND PUT IT YOU JUST GOT TO PICK IT UP AND PUT IT YOU JUST GOT TO PICK IT UP AND PUT IT BACK DOWN LIKE NOTHING WAS WRONG. IT BACK DOWN LIKE NOTHING WAS WRONG. IT BACK DOWN LIKE NOTHING WAS WRONG. IT DIDN'T try and vader salt out of your DIDN'T try and vader salt out of your DIDN'T try and vader salt out of your hands. hands. hands. It didn't decide to test the structural It didn't decide to test the structural It didn't decide to test the structural integrity of its spine while you were integrity of its spine while you were integrity of its spine while you were doing a rep. doing a rep. doing a rep. Less deadlifts, more deadlifts. I'm Less deadlifts, more deadlifts. I'm Less deadlifts, more deadlifts. I'm impressed by those. [laughter] impressed by those. [laughter] impressed by those. [laughter] But it didn't help my case when I lock But it didn't help my case when I lock But it didn't help my case when I lock eyes with the guy across the gym and I'm eyes with the guy across the gym and I'm eyes with the guy across the gym and I'm like, "WHO'S THE BIG STRONG MAN?" And he was into it. He's like, "I am." And he was into it. He's like, "I am." And he was into it. He's like, "I am." Now we're lifting partners. His name is Now we're lifting partners. His name is Now we're lifting partners. His name is Hank. He's a cool guy. [laughter] I help Hank. He's a cool guy. [laughter] I help Hank. He's a cool guy. [laughter] I help him with his squats. him with his squats. him with his squats. Yeah, man. You also get a lot of baby Yeah, man. You also get a lot of baby Yeah, man. You also get a lot of baby merch when you get a baby. That's merch when you get a baby. That's merch when you get a baby. That's another thing that happens, man. They another thing that happens, man. They another thing that happens, man. They got all the merchandise. We got a baby got all the merchandise. We got a baby got all the merchandise. We got a baby wrap, which is pretty cool. It's just a wrap, which is pretty cool. It's just a wrap, which is pretty cool. It's just a long cloth that you wrap around yourself long cloth that you wrap around yourself long cloth that you wrap around yourself in 37 different ways. You jam him in in 37 different ways. You jam him in in 37 different ways. You jam him in your chest and he sleeps for a month and your chest and he sleeps for a month and your chest and he sleeps for a month and a half. a half. a half. It's such a cool invention. And to me, It's such a cool invention. And to me, It's such a cool invention. And to me, doing that is like the same thing as doing that is like the same thing as doing that is like the same thing as like, ladies, when you get out the like, ladies, when you get out the like, ladies, when you get out the shower and you do that thing to your shower and you do that thing to your shower and you do that thing to your head with a towel where you make your head with a towel where you make your head with a towel where you make your head a monument to soft serve ice cream. And gentlemen, you could always tell And gentlemen, you could always tell And gentlemen, you could always tell what kind of mood your lady is in when what kind of mood your lady is in when what kind of mood your lady is in when she does that where her eyebrows rest on she does that where her eyebrows rest on she does that where her eyebrows rest on her face. Like, cuz if they sit real low her face. Like, cuz if they sit real low her face. Like, cuz if they sit real low and relax like a cholo, it's just like, and relax like a cholo, it's just like, and relax like a cholo, it's just like, "Okay, that's fine." It's like, "Hey, "Okay, that's fine." It's like, "Hey, "Okay, that's fine." It's like, "Hey, Holmes, let's get some snacks." Like, Holmes, let's get some snacks." Like, Holmes, let's get some snacks." Like, but if she got them in the middle of her but if she got them in the middle of her but if she got them in the middle of her head back here like Tyra Banks, it's head back here like Tyra Banks, it's head back here like Tyra Banks, it's like, "Oh, I GUESS THE LAUNDRY IS DOING like, "Oh, I GUESS THE LAUNDRY IS DOING like, "Oh, I GUESS THE LAUNDRY IS DOING ITS STUFF TODAY." [laughter] LIKE, BABY, you got to loosen that up. LIKE, BABY, you got to loosen that up. LIKE, BABY, you got to loosen that up. You got veins popping out why I don't You got veins popping out why I don't You got veins popping out why I don't think they're supposed to be popping think they're supposed to be popping think they're supposed to be popping [laughter] out. Oh man, it's wildest. And I wanted to Oh man, it's wildest. And I wanted to Oh man, it's wildest. And I wanted to teach my wife how to do the rap, you teach my wife how to do the rap, you teach my wife how to do the rap, you know, cuz I was like, "Hey man, it's a know, cuz I was like, "Hey man, it's a know, cuz I was like, "Hey man, it's a cool feeling to do the rap and then have cool feeling to do the rap and then have cool feeling to do the rap and then have him tucked in there, man. Let me teach him tucked in there, man. Let me teach him tucked in there, man. Let me teach you how to do it." She's like, "Yeah, you how to do it." She's like, "Yeah, you how to do it." She's like, "Yeah, Miles. You know what else is a cool Miles. You know what else is a cool Miles. You know what else is a cool feeling? Growing him and carrying him feeling? Growing him and carrying him feeling? Growing him and carrying him for 9 months." [laughter] I'm sure the for 9 months." [laughter] I'm sure the for 9 months." [laughter] I'm sure the rap is the exact same feeling, though. rap is the exact same feeling, though. rap is the exact same feeling, though. It's your turn to carry him for 9 It's your turn to carry him for 9 It's your turn to carry him for 9 months. Boo boo. [laughter] months. Boo boo. [laughter] months. Boo boo. [laughter] What are you going to do? Another cool What are you going to do? Another cool What are you going to do? Another cool thing we got is we got a a baby monitor thing we got is we got a a baby monitor thing we got is we got a a baby monitor with a night vision camera on it so we with a night vision camera on it so we with a night vision camera on it so we could watch him sleep. Super cool could watch him sleep. Super cool could watch him sleep. Super cool invention. I just don't like the name of invention. I just don't like the name of invention. I just don't like the name of it. It's called the Super Uncle. it. It's called the Super Uncle. it. It's called the Super Uncle. Right. Right. Tell me you had a creepy Right. Right. Tell me you had a creepy Right. Right. Tell me you had a creepy uncle without telling me you had a uncle without telling me you had a uncle without telling me you had a creepy uncle. [laughter] creepy uncle. [laughter] creepy uncle. [laughter] I would have loved to have sat in on I would have loved to have sat in on I would have loved to have sat in on that meeting when they were coming up that meeting when they were coming up that meeting when they were coming up with that name. Like, all right, we got with that name. Like, all right, we got with that name. Like, all right, we got a monitor. Watch as your baby sleep. a monitor. Watch as your baby sleep. a monitor. Watch as your baby sleep. What's that remind you of? Oh, my uncle What's that remind you of? Oh, my uncle What's that remind you of? Oh, my uncle Dale for sure. Dale for sure. Dale for sure. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> He used to watch me sleep all the time >> He used to watch me sleep all the time >> He used to watch me sleep all the time growing up and we didn't for AC so he growing up and we didn't for AC so he growing up and we didn't for AC so he would just breathe on me. I miss Uncle would just breathe on me. I miss Uncle would just breathe on me. I miss Uncle Tail. Tail. Tail. >> I hope Scrappy gets him out of San >> I hope Scrappy gets him out of San >> I hope Scrappy gets him out of San Quinton next week. [laughter] Quinton next week. [laughter] Quinton next week. [laughter] Another thing we got is we got a white Another thing we got is we got a white Another thing we got is we got a white noise machine for the baby cuz babies noise machine for the baby cuz babies noise machine for the baby cuz babies like white noise cuz they're racist. like white noise cuz they're racist. like white noise cuz they're racist. I wanted to get a black noise machine. I wanted to get a black noise machine. I wanted to get a black noise machine. It plays Earth, Wind, and Fire. It plays Earth, Wind, and Fire. It plays Earth, Wind, and Fire. just on LOOP just on LOOP just on LOOP and then it turns off automatically on and then it turns off automatically on and then it turns off automatically on the 21st night of September and that is the 21st night of September and that is the 21st night of September and that is the last earthly empire reference the last earthly empire reference the last earthly empire reference that I have. [applause] Yeah, man. And my wife explained to me Yeah, man. And my wife explained to me Yeah, man. And my wife explained to me like what it does. She apparently it like what it does. She apparently it like what it does. She apparently it simulates the sound that babies hear simulates the sound that babies hear simulates the sound that babies hear when they're in the womb and it's when they're in the womb and it's when they're in the womb and it's supposed to calm them down, make them supposed to calm them down, make them supposed to calm them down, make them fall asleep super duper quick. And I'm fall asleep super duper quick. And I'm fall asleep super duper quick. And I'm like, "Oh, that's a dope. Let's get like, "Oh, that's a dope. Let's get like, "Oh, that's a dope. Let's get two." Absolutely. And so we get it, we two." Absolutely. And so we get it, we two." Absolutely. And so we get it, we bring it home, my wife presses play on bring it home, my wife presses play on bring it home, my wife presses play on the white noise machine and it goes the white noise machine and it goes the white noise machine and it goes and I'm like, "What was that?" and I'm like, "What was that?" and I'm like, "What was that?" She's like, "That's the white noise." She's like, "That's the white noise." She's like, "That's the white noise." I'm like, "That's the white devil noise. I'm like, "That's the white devil noise. I'm like, "That's the white devil noise. That's the sound IN YOUR TUMMY." LIKE, That's the sound IN YOUR TUMMY." LIKE, That's the sound IN YOUR TUMMY." LIKE, "DID YOU SWALLOW A BIG SCREEN TV AND "DID YOU SWALLOW A BIG SCREEN TV AND "DID YOU SWALLOW A BIG SCREEN TV AND BREAK IT? WHAT HAPPENED?" LIKE, tell me BREAK IT? WHAT HAPPENED?" LIKE, tell me BREAK IT? WHAT HAPPENED?" LIKE, tell me this ON A FIRST DATE. I DON'T FEEL this ON A FIRST DATE. I DON'T FEEL this ON A FIRST DATE. I DON'T FEEL COMFORTABLE USING THE SAME BATHROOM as COMFORTABLE USING THE SAME BATHROOM as COMFORTABLE USING THE SAME BATHROOM as you anymore. Like you swallowed the you anymore. Like you swallowed the you anymore. Like you swallowed the Cloverfield monster and just let him Cloverfield monster and just let him Cloverfield monster and just let him live in there. Like what is happening? live in there. Like what is happening? live in there. Like what is happening? And why are we wasting MONEY ON THIS And why are we wasting MONEY ON THIS And why are we wasting MONEY ON THIS DEVICE WHEN I could break a radio for DEVICE WHEN I could break a radio for DEVICE WHEN I could break a radio for free? free? free? Just tune it around the Telmundo Just tune it around the Telmundo Just tune it around the Telmundo stations. Those ones never come in stations. Those ones never come in stations. Those ones never come in clear. It always sounds like they're clear. It always sounds like they're clear. It always sounds like they're spitting. Maybe the tuba will calm him down more. Maybe the tuba will calm him down more. Maybe the tuba will calm him down more. Let's try that, man. So, what also has Let's try that, man. So, what also has Let's try that, man. So, what also has been cool has been watching all of our been cool has been watching all of our been cool has been watching all of our friends gravitate towards him. Everybody friends gravitate towards him. Everybody friends gravitate towards him. Everybody wants to be uncle this and auntie that. wants to be uncle this and auntie that. wants to be uncle this and auntie that. We got one friend who claimed the name We got one friend who claimed the name We got one friend who claimed the name Uncle Javi, but her real name is Amy. Uncle Javi, but her real name is Amy. Uncle Javi, but her real name is Amy. And I like that. I'm going to allow it. And I like that. I'm going to allow it. And I like that. I'm going to allow it. I think more white women should identify I think more white women should identify I think more white women should identify as Spanish uncles. [laughter] as Spanish uncles. [laughter] as Spanish uncles. [laughter] I think that would bridge the divide in I think that would bridge the divide in I think that would bridge the divide in this country. It's like, nah, I'm going this country. It's like, nah, I'm going this country. It's like, nah, I'm going over to Uncle Jav's Auntie Karen. You over to Uncle Jav's Auntie Karen. You over to Uncle Jav's Auntie Karen. You call the cops too much. [laughter] call the cops too much. [laughter] call the cops too much. [laughter] That girl was just trying to sell some That girl was just trying to sell some That girl was just trying to sell some lemonade. lemonade. lemonade. Uh, another cool thing is when my mom Uh, another cool thing is when my mom Uh, another cool thing is when my mom got to meet him for the first time. got to meet him for the first time. got to meet him for the first time. That's always cool, right? When your That's always cool, right? When your That's always cool, right? When your grandparents get to meet the baby for grandparents get to meet the baby for grandparents get to meet the baby for the first time. But it was weird because the first time. But it was weird because the first time. But it was weird because I ain't never seen my mama be around a I ain't never seen my mama be around a I ain't never seen my mama be around a baby since I was a baby. And she started baby since I was a baby. And she started baby since I was a baby. And she started doing things and saying things and I was doing things and saying things and I was doing things and saying things and I was like, "Oh, how am I still alive?" like, "Oh, how am I still alive?" like, "Oh, how am I still alive?" I didn't know the gift of life I had. I didn't know the gift of life I had. I didn't know the gift of life I had. SHE WAS DOING THINGS AND SAYING THINGS SHE WAS DOING THINGS AND SAYING THINGS SHE WAS DOING THINGS AND SAYING THINGS YOU SHOULD NEVER DO to a baby. She was YOU SHOULD NEVER DO to a baby. She was YOU SHOULD NEVER DO to a baby. She was like, "Oh, is he being fussy? Put some like, "Oh, is he being fussy? Put some like, "Oh, is he being fussy? Put some whiskey on his gums. whiskey on his gums. whiskey on his gums. He'll get drunk and pass out. He'll get drunk and pass out. He'll get drunk and pass out. They're super cute when they're drunk." They're super cute when they're drunk." They're super cute when they're drunk." And you can't argue with your parents And you can't argue with your parents And you can't argue with your parents about it either, cuz they always give about it either, cuz they always give about it either, cuz they always give you the same excuse. They're like, you the same excuse. They're like, you the same excuse. They're like, "Well, you're here and you're okay." And "Well, you're here and you're okay." And "Well, you're here and you're okay." And it's like, "Yeah, man, but I twitch a it's like, "Yeah, man, but I twitch a it's like, "Yeah, man, but I twitch a lot. lot. lot. This is not what I thought it was going This is not what I thought it was going This is not what I thought it was going to be, man. Like, I had all these to be, man. Like, I had all these to be, man. Like, I had all these predispositions about how being a father predispositions about how being a father predispositions about how being a father was going to be in my head, and none of was going to be in my head, and none of was going to be in my head, and none of it's been like that, man. So, just if it's been like that, man. So, just if it's been like that, man. So, just if you're going to have kids, just suspend you're going to have kids, just suspend you're going to have kids, just suspend all your beliefs. Even the labor and all your beliefs. Even the labor and all your beliefs. Even the labor and delivery wasn't what I thought it was delivery wasn't what I thought it was delivery wasn't what I thought it was going to be. I saw TV. I figured I knew going to be. I saw TV. I figured I knew going to be. I saw TV. I figured I knew how it works, man. It was not LIKE THAT how it works, man. It was not LIKE THAT how it works, man. It was not LIKE THAT AT ALL. WE ONLY SAW THE DOCTOR LIKE two AT ALL. WE ONLY SAW THE DOCTOR LIKE two AT ALL. WE ONLY SAW THE DOCTOR LIKE two times the whole day. Like, he came in times the whole day. Like, he came in times the whole day. Like, he came in first time early in the day just eating first time early in the day just eating first time early in the day just eating popcorn. HE HAD SNACKS. HE'S JUST LIKE, popcorn. HE HAD SNACKS. HE'S JUST LIKE, popcorn. HE HAD SNACKS. HE'S JUST LIKE, "HEY, WHAT'S UP you crazy kids? What do "HEY, WHAT'S UP you crazy kids? What do "HEY, WHAT'S UP you crazy kids? What do you guys do for a living? There's a baby you guys do for a living? There's a baby you guys do for a living? There's a baby in there. All right, I'm going to be in in there. All right, I'm going to be in in there. All right, I'm going to be in my office playing Nintendo. Call me when my office playing Nintendo. Call me when my office playing Nintendo. Call me when something cool happens." [laughter] something cool happens." [laughter] something cool happens." [laughter] >> No, man. If you're playing Nintendo, how >> No, man. If you're playing Nintendo, how >> No, man. If you're playing Nintendo, how you're not going to come back in here, you're not going to come back in here, you're not going to come back in here, pull the baby out, blow on it, and put pull the baby out, blow on it, and put pull the baby out, blow on it, and put it back in. Like, I know how this works. And another weird I know how this works. And another weird I know how this works. And another weird thing was one of the nurses saw my last thing was one of the nurses saw my last thing was one of the nurses saw my last triar special and so she was geeking triar special and so she was geeking triar special and so she was geeking out. She's like, "Oh my god, this is so out. She's like, "Oh my god, this is so out. She's like, "Oh my god, this is so okay. can we get like a selfie? Is that okay. can we get like a selfie? Is that okay. can we get like a selfie? Is that okay? And I'm like, yeah, just be aware okay? And I'm like, yeah, just be aware okay? And I'm like, yeah, just be aware of what's in the background, but yeah, of what's in the background, but yeah, of what's in the background, but yeah, that's fine. And so we take our selfie that's fine. And so we take our selfie that's fine. And so we take our selfie and then she's looking at her phone. and then she's looking at her phone. and then she's looking at her phone. She's like, oh my goodness, my friends She's like, oh my goodness, my friends She's like, oh my goodness, my friends are going to lose their minds when they are going to lose their minds when they are going to lose their minds when they find out I met Shane Smith. [laughter] Yeah, it's Shane with a Y. Uh, Yeah, it's Shane with a Y. Uh, Yeah, it's Shane with a Y. Uh, >> yeah, tag me in that when I leave the >> yeah, tag me in that when I leave the >> yeah, tag me in that when I leave the hospital. It's going to be a surprise hospital. It's going to be a surprise hospital. It's going to be a surprise for all of us. for all of us. for all of us. >> [laughter] >> And my wife is the toughest person I've >> And my wife is the toughest person I've >> And my wife is the toughest person I've ever met in my entire life, y'all. My ever met in my entire life, y'all. My ever met in my entire life, y'all. My wife was in labor for 21 hours and she wife was in labor for 21 hours and she wife was in labor for 21 hours and she worked through labor between worked through labor between worked through labor between contractions. She had her laptop open on contractions. She had her laptop open on contractions. She had her laptop open on her lap. She was sending out emails to her lap. She was sending out emails to her lap. She was sending out emails to clients while she was having clients while she was having clients while she was having contractions. The nurse came in like, contractions. The nurse came in like, contractions. The nurse came in like, "Are you working right now?" She's like, "Are you working right now?" She's like, "Are you working right now?" She's like, "Check your tone, check gas prices, and "Check your tone, check gas prices, and "Check your tone, check gas prices, and then get back to me. This kid's going to then get back to me. This kid's going to then get back to me. This kid's going to eat." [laughter] And then I got to help when my wife was And then I got to help when my wife was And then I got to help when my wife was pushing. So my job when she was pushing pushing. So my job when she was pushing pushing. So my job when she was pushing was I would roll up her leg, we'd do a was I would roll up her leg, we'd do a was I would roll up her leg, we'd do a count and then I put her back down, wait count and then I put her back down, wait count and then I put her back down, wait for the next contraction to come. We did for the next contraction to come. We did for the next contraction to come. We did that for 3 hours. 3 hours. After 3 that for 3 hours. 3 hours. After 3 that for 3 hours. 3 hours. After 3 hours, the doctor was like, "Hey man, hours, the doctor was like, "Hey man, hours, the doctor was like, "Hey man, not for nothing. We might have to get not for nothing. We might have to get not for nothing. We might have to get the vacuum out to get this kid out." And the vacuum out to get this kid out." And the vacuum out to get this kid out." And I was like, "What did you say [laughter] I was like, "What did you say [laughter] I was like, "What did you say [laughter] with your face?" vacuum like like Hoover with your face?" vacuum like like Hoover with your face?" vacuum like like Hoover with a bowling ball like I could have with a bowling ball like I could have with a bowling ball like I could have did this at home for free is what I'm did this at home for free is what I'm did this at home for free is what I'm understanding. understanding. understanding. What's the copay on a Dirt Devil? Give What's the copay on a Dirt Devil? Give What's the copay on a Dirt Devil? Give me my options me my options me my options 9 months ago. What are we doing playing 9 months ago. What are we doing playing 9 months ago. What are we doing playing these games? And he's like, "Nah, man. these games? And he's like, "Nah, man. these games? And he's like, "Nah, man. You don't understand. This is what we do You don't understand. This is what we do You don't understand. This is what we do right before we do a C-section. So, it's right before we do a C-section. So, it's right before we do a C-section. So, it's kind of serious." And I was like, "Oh, kind of serious." And I was like, "Oh, kind of serious." And I was like, "Oh, okay. Not for nothing. Sidebar, let's okay. Not for nothing. Sidebar, let's okay. Not for nothing. Sidebar, let's have a discussion. I know my wife better have a discussion. I know my wife better have a discussion. I know my wife better than anybody. I got an idea." And so we than anybody. I got an idea." And so we than anybody. I got an idea." And so we walk over to the side and meet me the walk over to the side and meet me the walk over to the side and meet me the doctor and the nurse and I'm like, "Hey doctor and the nurse and I'm like, "Hey doctor and the nurse and I'm like, "Hey man, if you can do this one thing and man, if you can do this one thing and man, if you can do this one thing and commit to it, sell it like your life commit to it, sell it like your life commit to it, sell it like your life depended on it. I think this is going to depended on it. I think this is going to depended on it. I think this is going to ease things on. You're going to have a ease things on. You're going to have a ease things on. You're going to have a baby sitting here laughing in a few baby sitting here laughing in a few baby sitting here laughing in a few minutes." And they're like, "All right, minutes." And they're like, "All right, minutes." And they're like, "All right, you know your wife better than anybody. you know your wife better than anybody. you know your wife better than anybody. We'll give it a go." So we walk back to We'll give it a go." So we walk back to We'll give it a go." So we walk back to my wife. We wait for the next my wife. We wait for the next my wife. We wait for the next contraction to come. And when that contraction to come. And when that contraction to come. And when that contraction comes, I rolled up my wife's contraction comes, I rolled up my wife's contraction comes, I rolled up my wife's leg. The nurse came running from across leg. The nurse came running from across leg. The nurse came running from across the room, slid next to my wife, AND the room, slid next to my wife, AND the room, slid next to my wife, AND WENT, "ONE, [screaming] TWO, THREE, RING WENT, "ONE, [screaming] TWO, THREE, RING WENT, "ONE, [screaming] TWO, THREE, RING THE BELL." My wife laughed. My son was THE BELL." My wife laughed. My son was THE BELL." My wife laughed. My son was born. born. born. >> 22 years of watching professional >> 22 years of watching professional >> 22 years of watching professional wrestling for the coolest moment of my wrestling for the coolest moment of my wrestling for the coolest moment of my entire life. entire life. entire life. And to celebrate, I gave the doctor the And to celebrate, I gave the doctor the And to celebrate, I gave the doctor the Hulk Hogan leg drop like a real Hulk Hogan leg drop like a real Hulk Hogan leg drop like a real American. American. American. And then the doctor came up to me and And then the doctor came up to me and And then the doctor came up to me and was like, "You want to cut the cord?" was like, "You want to cut the cord?" was like, "You want to cut the cord?" And I was like, "Nah, I got a thing with And I was like, "Nah, I got a thing with And I was like, "Nah, I got a thing with belly buttons." My name is Miles River. belly buttons." My name is Miles River. belly buttons." My name is Miles River. Thank you so much, Ryar. I love you Thank you so much, Ryar. I love you Thank you so much, Ryar. I love you guys.