Hello everyone. This is Dan from Smoke Hello everyone. This is Dan from Smoke Hello everyone. This is Dan from Smoke Cartel here in the Angeles National Cartel here in the Angeles National Cartel here in the Angeles National Forest. Forest. Forest. And we're out here because we're trying And we're out here because we're trying And we're out here because we're trying out the V Labs Halo eRig. The Halo is out the V Labs Halo eRig. The Halo is out the V Labs Halo eRig. The Halo is electronic, which means that you can electronic, which means that you can electronic, which means that you can charge it up and bring it all the way charge it up and bring it all the way charge it up and bring it all the way out to bum nowhere. The Halo has three out to bum nowhere. The Halo has three out to bum nowhere. The Halo has three temperature settings. You can set it to temperature settings. You can set it to temperature settings. You can set it to 480°, 600°, or 750° Fahrenheit. Instead 480°, 600°, or 750° Fahrenheit. Instead 480°, 600°, or 750° Fahrenheit. Instead of using a kanthal coil, which is what of using a kanthal coil, which is what of using a kanthal coil, which is what we traditionally see, it uses something we traditionally see, it uses something we traditionally see, it uses something called a nichrome coil. Unless you're a called a nichrome coil. Unless you're a called a nichrome coil. Unless you're a coil cobbler, coil cobbler, coil cobbler, the only real thing that you need to the only real thing that you need to the only real thing that you need to worry about in terms of the difference worry about in terms of the difference worry about in terms of the difference between the two is that nichrome heats between the two is that nichrome heats between the two is that nichrome heats up faster. It comes with this glass up faster. It comes with this glass up faster. It comes with this glass bubbler, which slides right into the bubbler, which slides right into the bubbler, which slides right into the silicone track here. And that brings up silicone track here. And that brings up silicone track here. And that brings up an interesting point with these eRigs an interesting point with these eRigs an interesting point with these eRigs that do combine the electronic elements that do combine the electronic elements that do combine the electronic elements with the handmade glass portion. Your with the handmade glass portion. Your with the handmade glass portion. Your glass bubbler is going to be different glass bubbler is going to be different glass bubbler is going to be different than every other glass bubbler that was than every other glass bubbler that was than every other glass bubbler that was ever sent out because it's hand-crafted. ever sent out because it's hand-crafted. ever sent out because it's hand-crafted. You're getting the electronic precision You're getting the electronic precision You're getting the electronic precision with the artisanal elements of a with the artisanal elements of a with the artisanal elements of a hand-crafted glass piece all in one. So, hand-crafted glass piece all in one. So, hand-crafted glass piece all in one. So, the advantage is that you would get if the advantage is that you would get if the advantage is that you would get if you bought a rig that was made by hand you bought a rig that was made by hand you bought a rig that was made by hand throughout every throughout every throughout every A bee just landed on me. A bee just landed on me. A bee just landed on me. Okay. Okay, I'm just going to do this as Okay. Okay, I'm just going to do this as Okay. Okay, I'm just going to do this as if I Okay. You're getting a piece of You're getting You're getting You're getting vibes. vibes. vibes. Okay. Oh, thank god. This glass piece Okay. Oh, thank god. This glass piece Okay. Oh, thank god. This glass piece has the seven-hole percolation with two has the seven-hole percolation with two has the seven-hole percolation with two recycler chambers. That's why this recycler chambers. That's why this recycler chambers. That's why this bubbler is ideal. The water and vapor bubbler is ideal. The water and vapor bubbler is ideal. The water and vapor can move around twice within that small can move around twice within that small can move around twice within that small space. You want filtration, but you space. You want filtration, but you space. You want filtration, but you don't want too much diffusion. You want don't want too much diffusion. You want don't want too much diffusion. You want to preserve the terpenes because they're to preserve the terpenes because they're to preserve the terpenes because they're more fragile. And that's what makes the more fragile. And that's what makes the more fragile. And that's what makes the Halo so special, I think. It takes Halo so special, I think. It takes Halo so special, I think. It takes pretty much every innovation that has pretty much every innovation that has pretty much every innovation that has led us up to this point in the smoking led us up to this point in the smoking led us up to this point in the smoking industry, and it puts it all into one industry, and it puts it all into one industry, and it puts it all into one device that you can literally hold in device that you can literally hold in device that you can literally hold in your hand and take to the top of a your hand and take to the top of a your hand and take to the top of a [\h__\h] mountain. So, check it out on [\h__\h] mountain. So, check it out on [\h__\h] mountain. So, check it out on our website smokecartel.com.