So, my friends, we are currently So, my friends, we are currently So, my friends, we are currently in Berlin Tempelhof.  Today I'll take in Berlin Tempelhof.  Today I'll take in Berlin Tempelhof.  Today I'll take you along for a bit.  We're having you along for a bit.  We're having you along for a bit.  We're having a really relaxing day with Ali today. a really relaxing day with Ali today. a really relaxing day with Ali today. Yeah, just a vlog. Yeah, just a vlog. Yeah, just a vlog. Just drop by and show some Just drop by and show some Just drop by and show some love.  Subscribe to the channel, love.  Subscribe to the channel, love.  Subscribe to the channel, guys. guys. guys. The canal is actually quite new.  Yes, comment The canal is actually quite new.  Yes, comment The canal is actually quite new.  Yes, comment something nice, and uh, love is always something nice, and uh, love is always something nice, and uh, love is always important.  Clear.  Very silly otherwise.  Clear. important.  Clear.  Very silly otherwise.  Clear. important.  Clear.  Very silly otherwise.  Clear. J, J, J, we are here in Studio Lar.  Look, we are here in Studio Lar.  Look, we are here in Studio Lar.  Look, I don't know if it's because of my age, but I don't know if it's because of my age, but I don't know if it's because of my age, but look, my hair is like this.  I need to have look, my hair is like this.  I need to have look, my hair is like this.  I need to have a word with my a word with my a word with my hairdresser.  This is really bothering me. bothering me. bothering me. I don't know why that is.  So, I don't know why that is.  So, I don't know why that is.  So, suddenly suddenly suddenly make it shorter then, right? make it shorter then, right? make it shorter then, right? One micrometer shorter.  Simply a cooler transition One micrometer shorter.  Simply a cooler transition One micrometer shorter.  Simply a cooler transition .  You know why. .  You know why. .  You know why. Get ready, and how are you otherwise? how are you otherwise? how are you otherwise? Alhamdulillah. Alhamdulillah. Alhamdulillah. Okay guys, I'm at the hairdresser's Okay guys, I'm at the hairdresser's Okay guys, I'm at the hairdresser's at Larimar's now. at Larimar's now. at Larimar's now. Here I have found peace and quiet, I'm grown up and Here I have found peace and quiet, I'm grown up and Here I have found peace and quiet, I'm grown up and relaxed, relaxed, relaxed, and this is Harun. and this is Harun. and this is Harun. Harun, I'll tell you honestly, Harun, I'll tell you honestly, Harun, I'll tell you honestly, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, your chair is wobbly.  I your chair is wobbly.  I your chair is wobbly.  I think I need to continue with Brian soon [laughter] think I need to continue with Brian soon [laughter] think I need to continue with Brian soon [laughter] . Hey guys, you should Hey guys, you should Hey guys, you should never give your hairdresser too much, never give your hairdresser too much, never give your hairdresser too much, give them too many compliments.  So, I swear, this give them too many compliments.  So, I swear, this give them too many compliments.  So, I swear, this is fatal, because at some point you will... is fatal, because at some point you will... is fatal, because at some point you will... No, no, no, because at some point No, no, no, because at some point No, no, no, because at some point you will... take it for granted. you will... take it for granted. you will... take it for granted. No, never, never. No, never, never. No, never, never. You have to get the feeling that there are You have to get the feeling that there are You have to get the feeling that there are others here who can cut hair well others here who can cut hair well others here who can cut hair well .  It could also be something that .  It could also be something that .  It could also be something that says, hey, today I'm with Brian or says, hey, today I'm with Brian or says, hey, today I'm with Brian or with Malik.   At with Malik.   At with Malik.   At Malik's.  Malik Malik likes Malik, is he Malik's.  Malik Malik likes Malik, is he Malik's.  Malik Malik likes Malik, is he also a hairdresser, right? also a hairdresser, right? also a hairdresser, right? Yes, but you can get that from him.  Oh, Yes, but you can get that from him.  Oh, Yes, but you can get that from him.  Oh, he doesn't do men's haircuts, right? If a man gets a perm, that's If a man gets a perm, that's If a man gets a perm, that's normal, isn't it? normal, isn't it? normal, isn't it? Yes, we're starting to have a perm. Yes, we're starting to have a perm. Yes, we're starting to have a perm. Yes, Yes, Yes, I've heard about the new one too.  I come I've heard about the new one too.  I come I've heard about the new one too.  I come from all over Germany. from all over Germany. from all over Germany. Most of the men here get Most of the men here get Most of the men here get perms, right? perms, right? perms, right? So, if anyone wants to get a perm, they So, if anyone wants to get a perm, they So, if anyone wants to get a perm, they 're here, they do it. Maybe 're here, they do it. Maybe 're here, they do it. Maybe I'll do it someday too, when my I'll do it someday too, when my I'll do it someday too, when my midlife crisis hits. midlife crisis hits. midlife crisis hits. I already kicked them out two I already kicked them out two I already kicked them out two years ago; I made my bathroom yellow then years ago; I made my bathroom yellow then years ago; I made my bathroom yellow then . . . Yes, Yes, Yes, if she kicks again, then I'll make if she kicks again, then I'll make if she kicks again, then I'll make permanent walls too. permanent walls too. permanent walls too. But you'll have to let your hair But you'll have to let your hair But you'll have to let your hair grow a little longer. grow a little longer. grow a little longer. Yes, Yes, Yes, absolutely absolutely absolutely amazing.  Somehow, I keep amazing.  Somehow, I keep amazing.  Somehow, I keep getting TikTok videos from you every now and then getting TikTok videos from you every now and then getting TikTok videos from you every now and then .  What? .  What? .  What? Heartbreak and I have no idea, are you some kind of Heartbreak and I have no idea, are you some kind of Heartbreak and I have no idea, are you some kind of heartbreak counselor? heartbreak counselor? heartbreak counselor? I knew that. No, look, I knew that. No, look, I knew that. No, look, because because because I'm explaining behind you, he's suffering a I'm explaining behind you, he's suffering a I'm explaining behind you, he's suffering a little.  I'll explain it to you. little.  I'll explain it to you. little.  I'll explain it to you. My chat always tricks me, My chat always tricks me, My chat always tricks me, they always force me to they always force me to they always force me to talk about such diep stuff by talk about such diep stuff by talk about such diep stuff by asking me something that's so diep.  So, the asking me something that's so diep.  So, the asking me something that's so diep.  So, the topic is mom or something, right?  Or someone topic is mom or something, right?  Or someone topic is mom or something, right?  Or someone writes: "Yeah, I'm fine, my writes: "Yeah, I'm fine, my writes: "Yeah, I'm fine, my girlfriend and all. girlfriend and all. girlfriend and all. And even though I'm And even though I'm And even though I'm doing something funny or have something cool planned, doing something funny or have something cool planned, doing something funny or have something cool planned, I start talking, and I start talking, and I start talking, and then they clip it, and then then they clip it, and then then they clip it, and then every evening when I'm lying in bed on every evening when I'm lying in bed on every evening when I'm lying in bed on TikTok, I see me talking really seriously, TikTok, I see me talking really seriously, TikTok, I see me talking really seriously, and then they make edits out of it, or and then they make edits out of it, or and then they make edits out of it, or someone uses it as a song intro and stuff. someone uses it as a song intro and stuff. someone uses it as a song intro and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And at some point, I realized And at some point, I realized And at some point, I realized they're always messing with me, that they they're always messing with me, that they they're always messing with me, that they do it on purpose, that I talk so sadly, do it on purpose, that I talk so sadly, do it on purpose, that I talk so sadly, and then you see, ' and then you see, ' and then you see, ' But you say good things.' But you say good things.' But you say good things.' Yeah, I'm an old man now. Yeah, I'm an old man now. Yeah, I'm an old man now. I've seen a lot. I I've seen a lot. I I've seen a lot. I can only tell you, heartbreak is the can only tell you, heartbreak is the can only tell you, heartbreak is the biggest waste of time there is, biggest waste of time there is, biggest waste of time there is, even for you, my friend. even for you, my friend. even for you, my friend. No, I'm not saying that. It's the No, I'm not saying that. It's the No, I'm not saying that. It's the worst thing, a complete waste of worst thing, a complete waste of worst thing, a complete waste of time. time. time. Yeah, you've been there yourself, look. Yeah, you've been there yourself, look. Yeah, you've been there yourself, look. I've died, man. Twice, I've died, man. Twice, I've died, man. Twice, three times already three times already three times already . [laughter] . [laughter] . [laughter] This will happen now too, This will happen now too, This will happen now too, but it doesn't do any good." but it doesn't do any good." but it doesn't do any good." Yeah, no point. Moving on. Yeah, no point. Moving on. Yeah, no point. Moving on. It's like, look, you do this now It's like, look, you do this now It's like, look, you do this now and then you're so down. And and then you're so down. And and then you're so down. And at some point it's over anyway, because everything at some point it's over anyway, because everything at some point it's over anyway, because everything passes and then you'll passes and then you'll passes and then you'll ask yourself, which wall should I ask yourself, which wall should I ask yourself, which wall should I bang my head against? How stupid was that? bang my head against? How stupid was that? bang my head against? How stupid was that? He acts cool with me. He doesn't, and with you guys He acts cool with me. He doesn't, and with you guys He acts cool with me. He doesn't, and with you guys he says he misses you and stuff. he says he misses you and stuff. he says he misses you and stuff. No, he doesn't say anything at all. He's No, he doesn't say anything at all. He's No, he doesn't say anything at all. He's one of those people who can't open up, but do one of those people who can't open up, but do one of those people who can't open up, but do you know what I mean? I feel like you know what I mean? I feel like you know what I mean? I feel like I don't need to explain. I don't need to explain. I don't need to explain. I'm totally messed up. As far as things go, I'm totally messed up. As far as things go, I'm totally messed up. As far as things go, I'm really good with people like that. I'm really good with people like that. I'm really good with people like that. No, you're not good with them. You No, you're not good with them. You No, you're not good with them. You come across with such a sad energy, come across with such a sad energy, come across with such a sad energy, with such a happy energy. I know with such a happy energy. I know with such a happy energy. I know you're sad. you're sad. you're sad. He once said to me, did you He once said to me, did you He once said to me, did you look at my stomach twice ago, look at my stomach twice ago, look at my stomach twice ago, and it was true. and it was true. and it was true. I'm not pregnant. Okay. I'm not pregnant. Okay. I'm not pregnant. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I didn't look at my stomach. Do I didn't look at my stomach. Do I didn't look at my stomach. Do you know where you made your appointment today you know where you made your appointment today you know where you made your appointment today ? ? ? Yeah. Uh, I wore the dress. I went Yeah. Uh, I wore the dress. I went Yeah. Uh, I wore the dress. I went home. I took care of myself home. I took care of myself home. I took care of myself because of  Me. because of  Me. because of  Me. Yes, because of you. Yes, because of you. Yes, because of you. No. Yes, No. Yes, No. Yes, because I wanted to look good. because I wanted to look good. because I wanted to look good. You You You honestly, you kept honestly, you kept honestly, you kept thinking I was pregnant. thinking I was pregnant. thinking I was pregnant. Admit it now, so I don't think Admit it now, so I don't think Admit it now, so I don't think I'm crazy. Really? I'm crazy. Really? I'm crazy. Really? No, Wall. No, she's got complexes No, Wall. No, she's got complexes No, Wall. No, she's got complexes . You have three kids. He talks. He . You have three kids. He talks. He . You have three kids. He talks. He acts like this, he always acts like this, acts like this, he always acts like this, acts like this, he always acts like this, and I'm like, dude, no, I'm and I'm like, dude, no, I'm and I'm like, dude, no, I'm not pregnant. not pregnant. not pregnant. You know, this is our hijabi You know, this is our hijabi You know, this is our hijabi room, right? room, right? room, right? Oh, it's for hijabis, actually. Oh, it's for hijabis, actually. Oh, it's for hijabis, actually. Yeah, so kind of VIP, kind of Yeah, so kind of VIP, kind of Yeah, so kind of VIP, kind of hijabi. That's when you pull hijabi. That's when you pull hijabi. That's when you pull down the blinds. We down the blinds. We down the blinds. We made this area especially for them. So, to made this area especially for them. So, to made this area especially for them. So, to all the sisters, all the sisters, all the sisters, yeah, yeah, yeah, if you're looking for a hairdresser where you can have some peace and quiet if you're looking for a hairdresser where you can have some peace and quiet if you're looking for a hairdresser where you can have some peace and quiet and get your hair done and get your hair done and get your hair done , come here. We'll write , come here. We'll write , come here. We'll write the place in the caption the place in the caption the place in the caption below, where it is and all. It's kind of amazing, below, where it is and all. It's kind of amazing, below, where it is and all. It's kind of amazing, I think it's I think it's I think it's amazing here. But be honest, I have peace and amazing here. But be honest, I have peace and amazing here. But be honest, I have peace and quiet, it's relaxed, grown-up, not a quiet, it's relaxed, grown-up, not a quiet, it's relaxed, grown-up, not a hijabi.  Here, Habibi there, and he only talks hijabi.  Here, Habibi there, and he only talks hijabi.  Here, Habibi there, and he only talks when I speak to him. I love that when I speak to him. I love that when I speak to him. I love that he doesn't talk on his own. Sometimes I'm just he doesn't talk on his own. Sometimes I'm just he doesn't talk on his own. Sometimes I'm just quiet for 15 minutes. You quiet for 15 minutes. You quiet for 15 minutes. You have to collect your thoughts sometimes. have to collect your thoughts sometimes. have to collect your thoughts sometimes. Especially at the hairdresser's, it's really important to Especially at the hairdresser's, it's really important to Especially at the hairdresser's, it's really important to just have some peace and quiet, just have some peace and quiet, just have some peace and quiet, and with them, yeah. And with the Arabs, and with them, yeah. And with the Arabs, and with them, yeah. And with the Arabs, you don't get any peace and quiet. you don't get any peace and quiet. you don't get any peace and quiet. M M M Yeah, man. Baby, crazy about Haron, my brother. Haron, my brother. Haron, my brother. I'm telling you honestly. I'm telling you honestly. I'm telling you honestly. Oh, I'm on vacation in September. Oh, I'm on vacation in September. Oh, I'm on vacation in September. Let me know. Oh yeah, then I'll keep it up, Let me know. Oh yeah, then I'll keep it up, Let me know. Oh yeah, then I'll keep it up, always do well now, if you know how always do well now, if you know how always do well now, if you know how football is. football is. football is. One goalkeeper gets injured, another goalkeeper One goalkeeper gets injured, another goalkeeper One goalkeeper gets injured, another goalkeeper plays better, stays the starter, that could happen to you plays better, stays the starter, that could happen to you plays better, stays the starter, that could happen to you too, brother. too, brother. too, brother. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, sure. That's how sure. That's how sure. That's how competition competition competition is in football. Left winger gets is in football. Left winger gets is in football. Left winger gets injured, another one comes in, plays injured, another one comes in, plays injured, another one comes in, plays brilliantly, starter. The other one has to brilliantly, starter. The other one has to brilliantly, starter. The other one has to work his way back into the work his way back into the work his way back into the team. That could happen to you too team. That could happen to you too team. That could happen to you too . Har, I'm telling you, . Har, I'm telling you, . Har, I'm telling you, nothing is certain here, my brother. Too bad, I nothing is certain here, my brother. Too bad, I nothing is certain here, my brother. Too bad, I have a different bond. We have a bond, brother. Yeah, we We have a bond, brother. Yeah, we We have a bond, brother. Yeah, we have a bond. I love you too, have a bond. I love you too, have a bond. I love you too, but love alone isn't enough. but love alone isn't enough. but love alone isn't enough. Love is  Not everything in life. Love is  Not everything in life. Love is  Not everything in life. Guys, remember one thing. Guys, remember one thing. Guys, remember one thing. Love isn't everything in life. No, Love isn't everything in life. No, Love isn't everything in life. No, no, better. no, better. no, better. Sometimes love isn't enough. Sometimes love isn't enough. Sometimes love isn't enough. Sometimes it's not enough. Sometimes it's not enough. Sometimes it's not enough. [ __ ], [ __ ], [ __ ], it's burning. it's burning. it's burning. How can you go on vacation? Are How can you go on vacation? Are How can you go on vacation? Are you crazy? What do you you crazy? What do you you crazy? What do you mean? Should I ask him before mean? Should I ask him before mean? Should I ask him before I go on vacation? I go on vacation? I go on vacation? Ask him what he actually Ask him what he actually Ask him what he actually wanted to do on his vacation. wanted to do on his vacation. wanted to do on his vacation. What do you want to do with your What do you want to do with your What do you want to do with your girlfriend? Oh girlfriend? Oh girlfriend? Oh no. Nope, nope, nope. no. Nope, nope, nope. no. Nope, nope, nope. Engagement. Engagement. Engagement. No, no, that was the W. No, no, that was the W. No, no, that was the W. Oh, that would be November. What are you planning to do then Oh, that would be November. What are you planning to do then ? Okay, now seriously, what ? Okay, now seriously, what ? Okay, now seriously, what exactly is going on? It's over exactly is going on? It's over exactly is going on? It's over from her and from you. from her and from you. from her and from you. She doesn't want to anymore either. She doesn't want to anymore either. She doesn't want to anymore either. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, try it if you miss her. Yeah, try it if you miss her. Yeah, try it if you miss her. Should I try? Moving on. Should I try? Moving on. Should I try? Moving on. What's her name? No, I can't What's her name? No, I can't What's her name? No, I can't say. say. say. But he's like that too. Are you more of a But he's like that too. Are you more of a But he's like that too. Are you more of a toxic type? toxic type? toxic type? I am toxic. I am toxic. I am toxic. No. No. No. Wow. Wow. Wow. Why are Why are Why are you? No, you? No, you? No, you guys are usually all like that, you guys are usually all like that, you guys are usually all like that, bro. She  It has real advantages. Yeah, bro. She  It has real advantages. Yeah, bro. She  It has real advantages. Yeah, one time she says, "I look at her belly," one time she says, "I look at her belly," one time she says, "I look at her belly," then she says she can read your mind then she says she can read your mind then she says she can read your mind . . . Oh, so I read what you were thinking that Oh, so I read what you were thinking that Oh, so I read what you were thinking that day. day. day. Crazy Wall, don't you even have 1%? Crazy Wall, don't you even have 1%? Crazy Wall, don't you even have 1%? You know it, and I know it too. You know it, and I know it too. You know it, and I know it too. Okay, you read that I was thinking, " Okay, you read that I was thinking, " Okay, you read that I was thinking, " Hey, is she pregnant or what?" Hey, is she pregnant or what?" Hey, is she pregnant or what?" Yeah, that's the first thing, and then yeah, I just Yeah, that's the first thing, and then yeah, I just Yeah, that's the first thing, and then yeah, I just read what you're thinking. You can read what you're thinking. You can read what you're thinking. You can see everything in your face. It see everything in your face. It see everything in your face. It 's just so crazy. I swear to you, I mean, 's just so crazy. I swear to you, I mean, 's just so crazy. I swear to you, I mean, I've experienced a lot, I've experienced a lot, I've experienced a lot, but the fact that you can read my mind like this, but the fact that you can read my mind like this, but the fact that you can read my mind like this, what you do, is something what you do, is something what you do, is something new for me. I recently new for me. I recently new for me. I recently met someone, and I said, " met someone, and I said, " met someone, and I said, " Okay, I'll do this." Okay, I'll do this." Okay, I'll do this." I told my mom, "Mom, I told my mom, "Mom, I told my mom, "Mom, but something about her bothers me." but something about her bothers me." but something about her bothers me." She says, "That bothers you." She says, "My She says, "That bothers you." She says, "My She says, "That bothers you." She says, "My mom, I swear." She says, "Have you ever mom, I swear." She says, "Have you ever mom, I swear." She says, "Have you ever looked in a mirror?" [laughter] She says, " looked in a mirror?" [laughter] She says, " looked in a mirror?" [laughter] She says, " Mom." Mom." Mom." Huh? Huh? Huh? She says, "Have you ever looked in a mirror yourself?"  Mirror? She says, "Have you ever looked in a mirror yourself?"  Mirror? She says, "Have you ever looked in a mirror yourself?"  Mirror? You look like what did you say? You look like what did you say? You look like what did you say? Hmm. Like a donkey. Hmm. Like a donkey. Hmm. Like a donkey. Say shut your mouth and do it. Say shut your mouth and do it. Say shut your mouth and do it. And you didn't. And you didn't. And you didn't. No, No, No, you should listen to your mother. you should listen to your mother. you should listen to your mother. Mothers always have such a good Mothers always have such a good Mothers always have such a good nose for these things. nose for these things. nose for these things. Then once my mother showed me Then once my mother showed me Then once my mother showed me a photo. She wanted one of those a photo. She wanted one of those a photo. She wanted one of those traditional Arabic ones, I say. I don't like it traditional Arabic ones, I say. I don't like it traditional Arabic ones, I say. I don't like it . . . Look at me like that. Look at me like that. Look at me like that. If she takes you, you have to see her If she takes you, you have to see her If she takes you, you have to see her . [laughter] . [laughter] . [laughter] You know what my mother does? You know what my mother does? You know what my mother does? She goes outside, and when she sees a woman She goes outside, and when she sees a woman She goes outside, and when she sees a woman , an Arab woman, who asks, " , an Arab woman, who asks, " , an Arab woman, who asks, " Are you married? Are you married? Are you married? Do you want to get married? I have a son, do Do you want to get married? I have a son, do Do you want to get married? I have a son, do you want to marry him?" you want to marry him?" you want to marry him?" Yes, Yes, Yes, that's normal where we come from. that's normal where we come from. that's normal where we come from. I know, normal. I know, normal. I know, normal. And then she has my picture on her phone And then she has my picture on her phone And then she has my picture on her phone and shows my picture. and shows my picture. and shows my picture. She should really use AI. She should really use AI. She should really use AI. And last time I saw one And last time I saw one And last time I saw one that I know, just by sight. "Hey, how's it that I know, just by sight. "Hey, how's it that I know, just by sight. "Hey, how's it going?" She said, "Hey, I going?" She said, "Hey, I going?" She said, "Hey, I saw your mother, she showed me a picture of saw your mother, she showed me a picture of saw your mother, she showed me a picture of you." you." you." Mm. Mm. Mm. Tell my mother, "Mom, don't do that Tell my mother, "Mom, don't do that Tell my mother, "Mom, don't do that . You can't just . You can't just . You can't just show anyone pictures of me saying I show anyone pictures of me saying I show anyone pictures of me saying I want to get married." " want to get married." " want to get married." " Yeah," Yeah," Yeah," she says. "Why?" " she says. "Why?" " she says. "Why?" " But that's what they do." " But that's what they do." " But that's what they do." " She does it." " She does it." " She does it." " She goes to weddings specifically to see She goes to weddings specifically to see She goes to weddings specifically to see if that's what they're doing, that's why if that's what they're doing, that's why if that's what they're doing, that's why they're doing it." "You're supposed to go they're doing it." "You're supposed to go they're doing it." "You're supposed to go to weddings with me." "Forget it." " to weddings with me." "Forget it." " to weddings with me." "Forget it." " These weddings are crazy. They're These weddings are crazy. They're These weddings are crazy. They're worse than any nightclub." " worse than any nightclub." " worse than any nightclub." " Yeah." "Yeah." " Yeah." "Yeah." " Yeah." "Yeah." " Worse than Tinder, I Worse than Tinder, I Worse than Tinder, I swear." "So, the fact is, when and how swear." "So, the fact is, when and how swear." "So, the fact is, when and how long do my hair have to be so I long do my hair have to be so I long do my hair have to be so I can get a perm?" " can get a perm?" " can get a perm?" " Yeah, it has to be at least three or Yeah, it has to be at least three or Yeah, it has to be at least three or four months." " four months." " four months." " Yeah." "Yeah, Yeah." "Yeah, Yeah." "Yeah, it has to be really long." "Yeah." " it has to be really long." "Yeah." " it has to be really long." "Yeah." " Yeah." "Okay." "Men who get perms, I Yeah." "Okay." "Men who get perms, I Yeah." "Okay." "Men who get perms, I mean, at my age, a mean, at my age, a mean, at my age, a lot of them do." " lot of them do." " lot of them do." " Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, have you ever seen them? Seriously, no lie." "It have you ever seen them? Seriously, no lie." "It have you ever seen them? Seriously, no lie." "It 's not just because it's my salon, 's not just because it's my salon, 's not just because it's my salon, but these before and after pictures are but these before and after pictures are but these before and after pictures are so crazy, right?" so crazy, right?" so crazy, right?" I say to my sister, "Are you going to do my I say to my sister, "Are you going to do my I say to my sister, "Are you going to do my hair or get my hair or get my hair or get my jawline filled or get..."  Another jawline filled or get..."  Another jawline filled or get..."  Another facial surgery? Because they see, they get facial surgery? Because they see, they get facial surgery? Because they see, they get such a glow-up afterward, because guys can't such a glow-up afterward, because guys can't such a glow-up afterward, because guys can't do anything if they do anything if they do anything if they have straight hair. have straight hair. have straight hair. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, they can't style it, and they they can't style it, and they they can't style it, and they just get so much volume, and it just get so much volume, and it just get so much volume, and it looks really beautiful. looks really beautiful. looks really beautiful. Really. So, I Really. So, I Really. So, I can only recommend a perm to everyone. can only recommend a perm to everyone. can only recommend a perm to everyone. Would you say you do the scratchy Would you say you do the scratchy Would you say you do the scratchy perm? perm? perm? Yeah, my Yeah, my Yeah, my little sister does it. little sister does it. little sister does it. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. We really need Yeah. Yeah, exactly. We really need Yeah. Yeah, exactly. We really need staff, and what kind of staff exactly? staff, and what kind of staff exactly? staff, and what kind of staff exactly? Men, haircuts Men, haircuts Men, haircuts or in general? or in general? or in general? No, proper hairdressers, like for women, No, proper hairdressers, like for women, No, proper hairdressers, like for women, balayage extensions. balayage extensions. balayage extensions. Yeah, guys, if anyone's looking for a job Yeah, guys, if anyone's looking for a job Yeah, guys, if anyone's looking for a job in Berlin, in Berlin, in Berlin, of course, only decent ones. of course, only decent ones. of course, only decent ones. Really, really nice working atmosphere here Really, really nice working atmosphere here Really, really nice working atmosphere here . We're a really, really nice team. . We're a really, really nice team. . We're a really, really nice team. Super nice. I feel really great Super nice. I feel really great Super nice. I feel really great . [laughs] No, it's really cool. No, it's really cool. No, it's really cool. But I think it's great that you have a room like this for women But I think it's great that you have a room like this for women But I think it's great that you have a room like this for women with heads. with heads. with heads. Yeah, that was really important to me too. Yeah, that was really important to me too. Yeah, that was really important to me too. As soon as I saw this, and As soon as I saw this, and As soon as I saw this, and with their own sink, they do with their own sink, they do with their own sink, they do n't even have to use the space... n't even have to use the space... n't even have to use the space... Because, look, I'm not telling you, I Because, look, I'm not telling you, I Because, look, I'm not telling you, I 'm such a blonde specialist, let's just say 'm such a blonde specialist, let's just say 'm such a blonde specialist, let's just say . [laughter] Yeah, . [laughter] Yeah, . [laughter] Yeah, and not everyone can do that. And in and not everyone can do that. And in and not everyone can do that. And in Neukölln there are hairdressers who do Neukölln there are hairdressers who do Neukölln there are hairdressers who do women's hair, but they might women's hair, but they might women's hair, but they might not be so specialized in blondes or anything not be so specialized in blondes or anything not be so specialized in blondes or anything , you know? , you know? , you know? Look, I've heard so many Look, I've heard so many Look, I've heard so many things, like you said. things, like you said. things, like you said. Good service and I don't know, cleanliness Good service and I don't know, cleanliness Good service and I don't know, cleanliness and all that, and all that, and all that, but I've been wondering the whole time, but I've been wondering the whole time, but I've been wondering the whole time, what do you mean by "grown-up"? what do you mean by "grown-up"? what do you mean by "grown-up"? I can tell you, grown-up. Let me explain I can tell you, grown-up. Let me explain I can tell you, grown-up. Let me explain . Grown-up, grown-up, I come . Grown-up, grown-up, I come . Grown-up, grown-up, I come in. Coffee, water, coffee. Please, in. Coffee, water, coffee. Please, in. Coffee, water, coffee. Please, service, you mean? service, you mean? service, you mean? Yeah, but wait, service, yeah, but listen, Yeah, but wait, service, yeah, but listen, Yeah, but wait, service, yeah, but listen, I'll get myself some coffee. I sit down. I've been I'll get myself some coffee. I sit down. I've been I'll get myself some coffee. I sit down. I've been typing so much, he starts. typing so much, he starts. typing so much, he starts. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, he doesn't ask me 100 questions first. he doesn't ask me 100 questions first. he doesn't ask me 100 questions first. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He starts and doesn't say a peep He starts and doesn't say a peep He starts and doesn't say a peep until I finally put my phone down. until I finally put my phone down. until I finally put my phone down. So he has a feel for So he has a feel for So he has a feel for when to say what and when not to. when to say what and when not to. when to say what and when not to. Other hairdressers are ridiculous.  First, Other hairdressers are ridiculous.  First, Other hairdressers are ridiculous.  First, about some questions, some about some questions, some about some questions, some rap stories, some beef rap stories, some beef rap stories, some beef crap that doesn't interest me at all. crap that doesn't interest me at all. crap that doesn't interest me at all. You know what I mean? Relax, You know what I mean? Relax, You know what I mean? Relax, ask, do you have that video of him? ask, do you have that video of him? ask, do you have that video of him? And so the topic is just work with And so the topic is just work with And so the topic is just work with other people, just rap, just some other people, just rap, just some other people, just rap, just some crap that doesn't interest me crap that doesn't interest me crap that doesn't interest me . He's never talked to me about rap. . He's never talked to me about rap. . He's never talked to me about rap. He's never asked me anything about He's never asked me anything about He's never asked me anything about rappers or about any streams rappers or about any streams rappers or about any streams or anything. or anything. or anything. So you're basically describing everything So you're basically describing everything So you're basically describing everything I always ask you. I always ask you. I always ask you. Naup. Naup. Naup. You're an Arab, too. [laughter] You're an Arab, too. [laughter] You're an Arab, too. [laughter] Turks don't do that kind of thing. Turks don't do that kind of thing. Turks don't do that kind of thing. Ah, you've never asked me anything about Ah, you've never asked me anything about Ah, you've never asked me anything about rap. Yes, rap. Yes, rap. Yes, I have. You mean? I have. You mean? I have. You mean? Yeah, that's not what I mean. That's Yeah, that's not what I mean. That's Yeah, that's not what I mean. That's okay. okay. okay. You can ask what I do. You can ask what I do. You can ask what I do. How long have you been on a diet? How long have you been on a diet? How long have you been on a diet? Since last month, like, really radically, Since last month, like, really radically, Since last month, like, really radically, since last month. since last month. since last month. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Lost 14 kg. Lost 14 kg. Lost 14 kg. What? What? What? In one month. Do In one month. Do In one month. Do you know that I lost 12 kg you know that I lost 12 kg you know that I lost 12 kg ? I'd rather not say anything now. ? I'd rather not say anything now. ? I'd rather not say anything now. Then he'll say again that you ca Then he'll say again that you ca Then he'll say again that you ca n't talk to someone.  [laughter] n't talk to someone.  [laughter] n't talk to someone.  [laughter] [gasps] Hey, I'm not like that, am I? I [gasps] Hey, I'm not like that, am I? I [gasps] Hey, I'm not like that, am I? I mean, I've always felt comfortable, mean, I've always felt comfortable, mean, I've always felt comfortable, even when I was fat, I didn't care. even when I was fat, I didn't care. even when I was fat, I didn't care. But But But I realized that recently. I realized that recently. I realized that recently. No, pregnancy is No, pregnancy is No, pregnancy is different. different. different. Fatty, last time she's standing here. Fatty, last time she's standing here. Fatty, last time she's standing here. [laughter] Last time she's standing here. [laughter] Last time she's standing here. [laughter] Last time she's standing here. We're just talking about something. I We're just talking about something. I We're just talking about something. I already know what topic. She leaves, already know what topic. She leaves, already know what topic. She leaves, she comes back in half an hour. Yeah. she comes back in half an hour. Yeah. she comes back in half an hour. Yeah. And you looked at my stomach three times And you looked at my stomach three times And you looked at my stomach three times . I'm not pregnant, I wanted to . I'm not pregnant, I wanted to . I'm not pregnant, I wanted to say. say. say. And I changed my clothes again. And I changed my clothes again. And I changed my clothes again. Yeah, and he... I swear, Yeah, and he... I swear, Yeah, and he... I swear, I didn't know what she meant. I didn't know what she meant. I didn't know what she meant. What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you looked at my stomach. You Yeah, you looked at my stomach. You Yeah, you looked at my stomach. You were wondering if I was pregnant. were wondering if I was pregnant. were wondering if I was pregnant. I'm not pregnant. I'm not pregnant. I'm not pregnant. I saw that question in your head I saw that question in your head I saw that question in your head . Over and over again. [clears throat] Is . Over and over again. [clears throat] Is . Over and over again. [clears throat] Is she pregnant? Is she pregnant? Is she pregnant? Is she pregnant? Is she pregnant? Is she pregnant? Is she pregnant? Is she pregnant? I'm she pregnant? Is she pregnant? I'm she pregnant? Is she pregnant? I'm like, okay, I'll change my clothes like, okay, I'll change my clothes like, okay, I'll change my clothes today. He...  His appointment with me. today. He...  His appointment with me. today. He...  His appointment with me. I'm wearing that dress again. I didn't give a damn. I'm wearing that dress again. I didn't give a damn. I'm wearing that dress again. I didn't give a damn. I I I went home and changed. Ext went home and changed. Ext went home and changed. Ext extra extra extra just not saying anything, but now it's just not saying anything, but now it's just not saying anything, but now it's dangerous, what you me dangerous, what you me dangerous, what you me No, well, I definitely lost 12 kg No, well, I definitely lost 12 kg No, well, I definitely lost 12 kg . . . Very good. Do Very good. Do Very good. Do you know why? No, you know why? No, you know why? No, just because I cut out sugary drinks just because I cut out sugary drinks just because I cut out sugary drinks , like Coke, Sprite, , like Coke, Sprite, , like Coke, Sprite, I don't know. So, that's how it was for I don't know. So, that's how it was for I don't know. So, that's how it was for me, I didn't snack much, but that me, I didn't snack much, but that me, I didn't snack much, but that sweet iced tea. Iced tea sweet iced tea. Iced tea sweet iced tea. Iced tea is death. is death. is death. Yes. Yes. And I just switched to Zero Yes. Yes. And I just switched to Zero Yes. Yes. And I just switched to Zero . Great. There are Great. There are Great. There are also such great things you also such great things you also such great things you can eat. We're going out to eat today, can eat. We're going out to eat today, can eat. We're going out to eat today, guys. guys. guys. Yes. And exactly, Yes. And exactly, Yes. And exactly, you can have meat with salad and stuff, you you can have meat with salad and stuff, you you can have meat with salad and stuff, you can. What's your can. What's your can. What's your favorite Arabic food? favorite Arabic food? favorite Arabic food? I like it a lot. I like it a lot. I like it a lot. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I love it too, I love it too, I love it too, but not as a child. but not as a child. but not as a child. Look, I have it again. I knew what you were Look, I have it again. I knew what you were Look, I have it again. I knew what you were saying. saying. saying. But I didn't do it as a child. But I didn't do it as a child. But I didn't do it as a child. No, not as a child. Only now.  For No, not as a child. Only now.  For No, not as a child. Only now.  For the last 15 years, the last 15 years, the last 15 years, you've been eating with Mi, you know, with the peppers, you've been eating with Mi, you know, with the peppers, you've been eating with Mi, you know, with the peppers, the stuffed peppers. Did you eat the the stuffed peppers. Did you eat the the stuffed peppers. Did you eat the peppers too? peppers too? peppers too? Good. No, Good. No, Good. No, because you're only an adult when you eat the because you're only an adult when you eat the because you're only an adult when you eat the peppers too. peppers too. peppers too. I don't eat them too. I do I don't eat them too. I do I don't eat them too. I do n't like them, man. Awesome, Malik. Somehow, n't like them, man. Awesome, Malik. Somehow, n't like them, man. Awesome, Malik. Somehow, Malik, you're really a fine guy Malik, you're really a fine guy Malik, you're really a fine guy somehow [laughter] somehow [laughter] somehow [laughter] someday, Malik, I'm going to get you a someday, Malik, I'm going to get you a someday, Malik, I'm going to get you a perm. perm. perm. I swear to you. Someday, I swear to you. Someday, I swear to you. Someday, in about 5 years, I'll get a perm in about 5 years, I'll get a perm in about 5 years, I'll get a perm for your wedding. for your wedding. for your wedding. Yeah, why not? I'm not having a Yeah, why not? I'm not having a Yeah, why not? I'm not having a wedding, bro. If I do, I'll just have an wedding, bro. If I do, I'll just have an wedding, bro. If I do, I'll just have an Islamic one, and that's it. Mosque Nikhamas, Islamic one, and that's it. Mosque Nikhamas, Islamic one, and that's it. Mosque Nikhamas, tell that to your mother. tell that to your mother. tell that to your mother. I want to show off. Now he's getting married I want to show off. Now he's getting married I want to show off. Now he's getting married . My mother has seven sons. They . My mother has seven sons. They . My mother has seven sons. They 're all married, except me. She does 're all married, except me. She does 're all married, except me. She does n't need to show off anymore. n't need to show off anymore. n't need to show off anymore. She just wants me to get married. She just wants me to get married. She just wants me to get married. He's the youngest. He's the youngest. He's the youngest. Almost one younger. Almost one younger. Almost one younger. So, how many girls are there in your family? So, how many girls are there in your family? So, how many girls are there in your family? Three girls, seven boys. Three girls, seven boys. Three girls, seven boys. Oh, she really has seven sons. Oh, she really has seven sons. Oh, she really has seven sons. Ah yes, I thought seven.  Kids. Ah yes, I thought seven.  Kids. Ah yes, I thought seven.  Kids. No, seven sons. No, seven sons. No, seven sons. Mashallah. Yeah, Mashallah. Yeah, Mashallah. Yeah, you guys aren't exactly small. There are you guys aren't exactly small. There are you guys aren't exactly small. There are five of you. five of you. five of you. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, three girls, two boys. three girls, two boys. three girls, two boys. That's fine. Five kids is fine, dude. I That's fine. Five kids is fine, dude. I That's fine. Five kids is fine, dude. I swear to you, every woman, and this goes out to swear to you, every woman, and this goes out to swear to you, every woman, and this goes out to everyone out there, every woman who's a everyone out there, every woman who's a everyone out there, every woman who's a mother, yeah, is mother, yeah, is mother, yeah, is generally a go-getter in my book. generally a go-getter in my book. generally a go-getter in my book. Yeah, because I'm telling you, I often have Yeah, because I'm telling you, I often have Yeah, because I'm telling you, I often have my non-nephews at my house. my non-nephews at my house. my non-nephews at my house. After half an hour, I'm about to have a After half an hour, I'm about to have a After half an hour, I'm about to have a nervous breakdown. nervous breakdown. nervous breakdown. Every mom out there who manages kids, Every mom out there who manages kids, Every mom out there who manages kids, I swear, you're incredibly awesome, and uh, I just want to say this to all of I swear, you're incredibly awesome, and uh, I just want to say this to all of I swear, you're incredibly awesome, and uh, I just want to say this to all of you. My mother you. My mother you. My mother raised ten kids on her own. raised ten kids on her own. raised ten kids on her own. Dude, do Dude, do Dude, do you think Eli and I are you think Eli and I are you think Eli and I are similar? similar? similar? Yeah. Yeah, you even talk a lot like that. Yeah. Yeah, you even talk a lot like that. Yeah. Yeah, you even talk a lot like that. Really? Really? Really? Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes when you talk, Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes when you talk, Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes when you talk, I can already see him. I can already see him. I can already see him. I have Eli. [clears throat] Yeah, I always had to take him everywhere with me, Yeah, I always had to take him everywhere with me, Yeah, I always had to take him everywhere with me, and I really had to take Eli the and I really had to take Eli the and I really had to take Eli the most of all my most of all my most of all my siblings. I hated it siblings. I hated it siblings. I hated it when I had to go out.  I when I had to go out.  I when I had to go out.  I always had to take him with me. I had to drive him to always had to take him with me. I had to drive him to always had to take him with me. I had to drive him to football practice, I had to take him, football practice, I had to take him, football practice, I had to take him, and he was such a kid, and he was such a kid, and he was such a kid, always so annoying, just like that. He was always so annoying, just like that. He was always so annoying, just like that. He was always stepping on a bee, and always stepping on a bee, and always stepping on a bee, and once he almost hit me. He once he almost hit me. He once he almost hit me. He dropped his bouncy ball in front of the subway and dropped his bouncy ball in front of the subway and dropped his bouncy ball in front of the subway and wanted to jump after it. I just wanted to wanted to jump after it. I just wanted to wanted to jump after it. I just wanted to go shopping. Yeah, really, go shopping. Yeah, really, go shopping. Yeah, really, when I went to my mom's, when I went to my mom's, when I went to my mom's, I was allowed to go out, but only if you I was allowed to go out, but only if you I was allowed to go out, but only if you took Eli with you. But it really was like that. took Eli with you. But it really was like that. took Eli with you. But it really was like that. My sister My sister My sister Samira Samira Samira and the others always had to take me with them and the others always had to take me with them and the others always had to take me with them . So, basically, they . So, basically, they . So, basically, they raised me. raised me. raised me. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, my mom, of course, but I my mom, of course, but I my mom, of course, but I learned everything from them. learned everything from them. learned everything from them. That's why I always That's why I always That's why I always watched chick flicks and stuff. watched chick flicks and stuff. watched chick flicks and stuff. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah, I know, I know all the chick flicks. I know, I know all the chick flicks. I know, I know all the chick flicks. I can sing all the Mar Carry albums by heart. I can sing all the Mar Carry albums by heart. I can sing all the Mar Carry albums by heart. I was basically raised by girls I was basically raised by girls I was basically raised by girls , , , but it's so nice. Eia will but it's so nice. Eia will but it's so nice. Eia will kill me. Eia danced Bollywood with us kill me. Eia danced Bollywood with us kill me. Eia danced Bollywood with us . It's so funny. I have to . It's so funny. I have to . It's so funny. I have to dance too. dance too. dance too. Really, it was  So funny. He knew Really, it was  So funny. He knew Really, it was  So funny. He knew all the Bollywood songs, and we did all the Bollywood songs, and we did all the Bollywood songs, and we did n't just n't just n't just watch Bollywood. We dressed up and wore all sorts of things, watch Bollywood. We dressed up and wore all sorts of things, watch Bollywood. We dressed up and wore all sorts of things, and and and he always knew everything. he always knew everything. he always knew everything. Eli, for me—I Eli, for me—I Eli, for me—I also mentioned this in the film last time— also mentioned this in the film last time— also mentioned this in the film last time— generally speaking, anyone who takes care of their family is a real generally speaking, anyone who takes care of their family is a real go-getter in my eyes. go-getter in my eyes. go-getter in my eyes. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. So, there are, I know a lot of rich So, there are, I know a lot of rich So, there are, I know a lot of rich people, believe me, a lot, people, believe me, a lot, people, believe me, a lot, who don't give a damn about their families. who don't give a damn about their families. who don't give a damn about their families. Yeah. Yeah, they live the high life, Yeah. Yeah, they live the high life, Yeah. Yeah, they live the high life, flying from one place to another, flying from one place to another, flying from one place to another, and their brothers have nothing. and their brothers have nothing. and their brothers have nothing. No, he takes care of his family, that's what No, he takes care of his family, that's what No, he takes care of his family, that's what I respect. That's I respect. That's I respect. That's a key criterion for me, a key criterion for me, a key criterion for me, no matter how cool he is or what he does, no matter how cool he is or what he does, no matter how cool he is or what he does, if he if he if he always has his heart in the right place. always has his heart in the right place. always has his heart in the right place. Exactly. And that's a prerequisite for me, Exactly. And that's a prerequisite for me, Exactly. And that's a prerequisite for me, that I can that I can that I can take someone seriously. take someone seriously. take someone seriously. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I see what he does, I know what And I see what he does, I know what And I see what he does, I know what he does for his family, he does for his family, he does for his family, and that's why he's such a real and that's why he's such a real and that's why he's such a real go-getter in my eyes, go-getter in my eyes, go-getter in my eyes, and that's why I respect him.  Very much so. and that's why I respect him.  Very much so. and that's why I respect him.  Very much so. And the other one too, he's also haram, And the other one too, he's also haram, And the other one too, he's also haram, but he's funny, but he's funny, but he's funny, he's sweet. he's sweet. he's sweet. So most people, when we say we So most people, when we say we So most people, when we say we 're siblings, they say something like, "That 're siblings, they say something like, "That 're siblings, they say something like, "That 's not right." 's not right." 's not right." I swear, he always wants to be I swear, he always wants to be I swear, he always wants to be German like that. I swear, he always wants to German like that. I swear, he always wants to German like that. I swear, he always wants to be German like that, right? be German like that, right? be German like that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. His features, His features, His features, yeah, yeah, yeah, his character, his character, his character, his looks. You're an Arab through and through. his looks. You're an Arab through and through. his looks. You're an Arab through and through. But he was completely But he was completely But he was completely raised Arab, wasn't he? raised Arab, wasn't he? raised Arab, wasn't he? Yeah, he was, but he always wants to be like that. Yeah, he was, but he always wants to be like that. Yeah, he was, but he always wants to be like that. Yeah, I'm like, Yeah, I'm like, Yeah, I'm like, my Egyptians, you know, like, you know, my Egyptians, you know, like, you know, my Egyptians, you know, like, you know, but I'm... but I'm... but I'm... you're no different, and look at you're no different, and look at you're no different, and look at his outbursts, his outbursts, his outbursts, yeah, yeah, yeah, I swear, I'm thinking, Hamut from I swear, I'm thinking, Hamut from I swear, I'm thinking, Hamut from Cologne, Cologne, Cologne, my sister's place, has my sister's place, has my sister's place, has a customer out front, and his friend a customer out front, and his friend a customer out front, and his friend looked in without his glasses. He's looked in without his glasses. He's looked in without his glasses. He's blind in one eye for two years now blind in one eye for two years now blind in one eye for two years now . . . I don't believe you, but I don't believe you, but I don't believe you, but he just told me. he just told me. he just told me. Is he here? Is he here? Is he here? Yeah, I'll get him. I need to Yeah, I'll get him. I need to Yeah, I'll get him. I need to know the story now too. Did know the story now too. Did know the story now too. Did you look in yesterday? you look in yesterday? you look in yesterday? I didn't.  But a buddy of mine, not I didn't.  But a buddy of mine, not I didn't.  But a buddy of mine, not you. you. you. No, no, No, no, No, no, I'm saying his friend, I'm saying his friend, I'm saying his friend, and he's blind in my eye now. and he's blind in my eye now. and he's blind in my eye now. Blind in one eye. Blind in one eye. Blind in one eye. Yes, yes, he went to the doctor, Yes, yes, he went to the doctor, Yes, yes, he went to the doctor, and the doctor told him, yes, it'll take and the doctor told him, yes, it'll take and the doctor told him, yes, it'll take two years until it's back to two years until it's back to two years until it's back to normal. normal. normal. Vague. Vague. Vague. So not from you. You say the Weibel, So not from you. You say the Weibel, So not from you. You say the Weibel, but your buddy is lying down. Do you believe but your buddy is lying down. Do you believe but your buddy is lying down. Do you believe that? that? that? I don't know. I don't know, but I don't know. I don't know, but I don't know. I don't know, but I can ask him again. I can ask him again. I can ask him again. Say hi from Ali B. Say hi from Ali B. Say hi from Ali B. Vague. Vague. Vague. So, my dears, it was a pleasure. So, my dears, it was a pleasure. So, my dears, it was a pleasure. I wish you all a good I wish you all a good I wish you all a good time now, because I have to time now, because I have to time now, because I have to go to work now. Yes, go to work now. Yes, go to work now. Yes, what are you doing now? What do you have to what are you doing now? What do you have to what are you doing now? What do you have to do now? do now? do now? I'm going to cut my client's hair, and I'm going to cut my client's hair, and I'm going to cut my client's hair, and Malik will blow-dry it really nicely. Malik will blow-dry it really nicely. Malik will blow-dry it really nicely. So, you still cut your own hair? Yes, So, you still cut your own hair? Yes, So, you still cut your own hair? Yes, or do you walk around like that? Because I only ever see you like or do you walk around like that? Because I only ever see you like or do you walk around like that? Because I only ever see you like that. Should I try it? that. Should I try it? that. Should I try it? I'll show you how she does it in the I'll show you how she does it in the I'll show you how she does it in the shop. Yes. Huh? Huh? Huh? Exactly the same. Exactly the same. Exactly the same. But smile on your face. But smile on your face. But smile on your face. But I've never seen you before, that's right, But I've never seen you before, that's right, But I've never seen you before, that's right, Haram, that's a lie. Haram, that's a lie. Haram, that's a lie. I only saw you last time I only saw you last time I only saw you last time , when you were at the window , when you were at the window , when you were at the window doing someone's hair. Otherwise, doing someone's hair. Otherwise, doing someone's hair. Otherwise, you're either sitting back here or at you're either sitting back here or at you're either sitting back here or at the register or wandering around. the register or wandering around. the register or wandering around. Yeah, we're being honest. Yeah, we're being honest. Yeah, we're being honest. Before you go, I'll show you who Before you go, I'll show you who has so much time on their hands in this shop, chill with me. I make the has so much time on their hands in this shop, chill with me. I make the has so much time on their hands in this shop, chill with me. I make the most sales here. That means I most sales here. That means I most sales here. That means I just casually charm most of the customers just casually charm most of the customers just casually charm most of the customers because I only say what because I only say what because I only say what I want to be, I only say what I I want to be, I only say what I I want to be, I only say what I see. I only say what I see. see. I only say what I see. see. I only say what I see. Okay, hair done. Okay, hair done. Okay, hair done. Hairdresser done. Now let's go get something Hairdresser done. Now let's go get something Hairdresser done. Now let's go get something nice to eat. I'm nice to eat. I'm nice to eat. I'm starving, bro. So, we're starving, bro. So, we're starving, bro. So, we're at Junus' place in Kreuzberg. I've been told at Junus' place in Kreuzberg. I've been told at Junus' place in Kreuzberg. I've been told he has good he has good he has good steak doner for dieters. Very oily, but steak doner for dieters. Very oily, but steak doner for dieters. Very oily, but with salad and just meat, it's fine. It's fine with salad and just meat, it's fine. It's fine with salad and just meat, it's fine. It's fine . You can do that. It's fine. But please, I'll take a . You can do that. It's fine. But please, I'll take a . You can do that. It's fine. But please, I'll take a nen.   Steak nen.   Steak nen.   Steak doner kebab plate. doner kebab plate. doner kebab plate. A plate. A plate. A plate. Just salad with meat.  No oil on Just salad with meat.  No oil on Just salad with meat.  No oil on salad, please. salad, please. salad, please. Sharps  Have you Sharps  Have you Sharps  Have you added a little spice to the salad? added a little spice to the salad? added a little spice to the salad? Perhaps a small dollop of hot Perhaps a small dollop of hot Perhaps a small dollop of hot sauce on the side.   That's it sauce on the side.   That's it sauce on the side.   That's it . . . No fries, no rice. No fries, no rice. No fries, no rice. No fries, no rice.   Exactly No fries, no rice.   Exactly No fries, no rice.   Exactly .  Beautifully prepared kebab, the finest of the best. .  Beautifully prepared kebab, the finest of the best. .  Beautifully prepared kebab, the finest of the best. Salad should be everything. Salad should be everything. Salad should be everything. Salad can put anything on it.   Do they still have still have still have Alumi, spicy cheese, fried vegetables, Alumi, spicy cheese, fried vegetables, Alumi, spicy cheese, fried vegetables, falafel, mozzarella sticks, falafel, mozzarella sticks, falafel, mozzarella sticks, onion rings here? onion rings here? onion rings here? None of that is for me.   Do you make the bowl with Turkish rice?   Yes you make the bowl with Turkish rice?   Yes you make the bowl with Turkish rice?   Yes .   Yes .   Yes .   Yes .  Turkish rice is all butter. Yes, even worse.  Just as bad. Yes, even worse.  Just as bad. Yes, even worse.  Just as bad. But I understand everything perfectly.  Yes, But I understand everything perfectly.  Yes, But I understand everything perfectly.  Yes, eating healthily isn't always eating healthily isn't always eating healthily isn't always easy, but for example they easy, but for example they easy, but for example they cut up real potatoes and cut up real potatoes and cut up real potatoes and put them in an air fryer.  It would be great put them in an air fryer.  It would be great put them in an air fryer.  It would be great in the air fryer in the air fryer in the air fryer , , , but they don't do that.  They're using but they don't do that.  They're using but they don't do that.  They're using oil, that's obvious. oil, that's obvious. oil, that's obvious. Fry it in a little hot sauce.  Yes, it can do can do can do even more, a little bit more even more, a little bit more even more, a little bit more .  Yes, .  Yes, .  Yes, great.  Do you have any good hot powders? great.  Do you have any good hot powders? great.  Do you have any good hot powders? Sharp, Sharp, Sharp, very sharp, or slightly sharp is really very sharp, or slightly sharp is really very sharp, or slightly sharp is really sharp.  It's not sharp at me.   Open up! sharp.  It's not sharp at me.   Open up! Spicy food is also said to be good for a Spicy food is also said to be good for a Spicy food is also said to be good for a diet. diet. diet. Top.  That's a bit too much meat. Top.  That's a bit too much meat. Top.  That's a bit too much meat. But But But thank you, habibi. thank you, habibi. thank you, habibi. A short break. A short break. A short break. So Junus, my friend, let's see what So Junus, my friend, let's see what So Junus, my friend, let's see what the doner kebab can do. Bismillah. Bismillah. I must say, I would have preferred it to look finer.  That I would have preferred it to look finer.  That I would have preferred it to look finer.  That 's not the case at all. Very good. Very good. Very good. Really very good. Very, very good. Wow, I'm telling you honestly, we need the ultimate doner kebab we need the ultimate doner kebab we need the ultimate doner kebab challenge. Who has the best doner meat? Meat is very good, man. Meat is very good, man. Meat is very good, man. Well seasoned. Calories: We won't eat everything, of We won't eat everything, of We won't eat everything, of course not the whole plate, but it tastes super fresh and you can easily eat something like this on a diet you can easily eat something like this on a diet you can easily eat something like this on a diet , no problem at all. , no problem at all. , no problem at all. Just leave out the sauce, just a Just leave out the sauce, just a Just leave out the sauce, just a little bit now, and definitely no bread. little bit now, and definitely no bread. little bit now, and definitely no bread. You don't have to give up everything at the beginning.  Yeah, but hey, you have to eat too.  I you have to eat too.  I you have to eat too.  I overdid it a bit at the beginning, overdid it a bit at the beginning, overdid it a bit at the beginning, but I only did that to get into it, so that but I only did that to get into it, so that I could learn to eat properly right eat properly right eat properly right now, I'll tell you honestly, I'm full.   Look I'll tell you honestly, I'm full.   Look I'll tell you honestly, I'm full.   Look , , , I'm not going to eat this anymore.  I I'm not going to eat this anymore.  I I'm not going to eat this anymore.  I 'll eat this salad too, and this as well 'll eat this salad too, and this as well 'll eat this salad too, and this as well . . . So, that's it.  I won't eat that anymore. So, that's it.  I won't eat that anymore. So, that's it.  I won't eat that anymore. I am simply a sentence. I am simply a sentence. I am simply a sentence. Cool. Cool. Cool. Yes, from. from. from. Junus Emre Junus Emre Junus Emre here at Cotti.  Great store. here at Cotti.  Great store. here at Cotti.  Great store. See you at the next spot.  See you soon See you at the next spot.  See you soon See you at the next spot.  See you soon .  I really, really need .  I really, really need .  I really, really need a beautiful blue a beautiful blue a beautiful blue lamp. lamp. lamp. Yes, you need something eye-catching. Yes, you need something eye-catching. Yes, you need something eye-catching. Yes, a floor lamp like that, but in blue.  That Yes, a floor lamp like that, but in blue.  That Yes, a floor lamp like that, but in blue.  That 's good. 's good. 's good. Is good.  I can maybe take a look and see Is good.  I can maybe take a look and see Is good.  I can maybe take a look and see if I can put the pear in right away, if I can put the pear in right away, if I can put the pear in right away, and then I can, and then I can, and then I can, or that's good.  It's hanging a or that's good.  It's hanging a or that's good.  It's hanging a bit strangely, isn't it?  That's good.  Wow, bit strangely, isn't it?  That's good.  Wow, bit strangely, isn't it?  That's good.  Wow, that lamp is beautiful.   Have a look that lamp is beautiful.   Have a look that lamp is beautiful.   Have a look . But I don't like the color.   It would be But I don't like the color.   It would be But I don't like the color.   It would be awesome in blue.  It's actually a beautiful lamp, I'll be actually a beautiful lamp, I'll be actually a beautiful lamp, I'll be honest.   That's a honest.   That's a honest.   That's a shame.  I like it, I think it's beautiful, shame.  I like it, I think it's beautiful, shame.  I like it, I think it's beautiful, but it would also fit well in my room but it would also fit well in my room but it would also fit well in my room .   She's got something about her .  Yes, W has something about her. Should we take these? Should we take these? Should we take these? Then I would need a table. No.  Ah, that one is beautiful.  Wow, No.  Ah, that one is beautiful.  Wow, No.  Ah, that one is beautiful.  Wow, Duder, she's beautiful, isn't she?   That lamp is beautiful. lamp is beautiful. lamp is beautiful. Very nice.   I think it will Very nice.   I think it will Very nice.   I think it will still fit in my room still fit in my room still fit in my room . . . So far, so good So far, so good So far, so good .  So far, it's this one. .  So far, it's this one. .  So far, it's this one. Maybe we'll find something Maybe we'll find something Maybe we'll find something nicer later.  You've decided. nicer later.  You've decided. nicer later.  You've decided. I'm taking these so far.  Yes, I'm taking these so far.  Yes, I'm taking these so far.  Yes, otherwise I would have quickly put a sign on it otherwise I would have quickly put a sign on it otherwise I would have quickly put a sign on it . . . Then you can take a quick look around Then you can take a quick look around Then you can take a quick look around .   Exactly .   Exactly .   Exactly .  Thank you.  Top.  What about it? .  Thank you.  Top.  What about it? .  Thank you.  Top.  What about it? Isn't that one beautiful too ? That would fit in there too, Gardiner. The G The G The G is actually beautiful.  Wall.  Oh, what is actually beautiful.  Wall.  Oh, what is actually beautiful.  Wall.  Oh, what is this?   I keep is this?   I keep is this?   I keep finding things. finding things. finding things. Oh, she's got something about her.  [laughter] It fits perfectly in my room. It fits perfectly in my room. It fits perfectly in my room. In the corner you know the couch.  Top lamp. In the corner you know the couch.  Top lamp. In the corner you know the couch.  Top lamp. Top lamp indeed. Top lamp indeed. Top lamp indeed. Nice and good Nice and good Nice and good or should or should or should we take these with us?   Yes we take these with us?   Yes we take these with us?   Yes .  Yes.  So, I found my lamp .  Yes.  So, I found my lamp .  Yes.  So, I found my lamp .  A fantastic lamp. .  A fantastic lamp. .  A fantastic lamp. Top.  Guys, Top.  Guys, Top.  Guys, that was a cool little that was a cool little that was a cool little glimpse into my Thursday morning. glimpse into my Thursday morning. glimpse into my Thursday morning. We'll see you again soon with a We'll see you again soon with a We'll see you again soon with a food blog, food blog, food blog, and starting next week we'll have the and starting next week we'll have the and starting next week we'll have the real thing, including sports videos with guests, real thing, including sports videos with guests, real thing, including sports videos with guests, where we simply accompany some athletes in where we simply accompany some athletes in where we simply accompany some athletes in Germany during their training and Germany during their training and Germany during their training and learn a little something from them.  Yes, it's going to be learn a little something from them.  Yes, it's going to be learn a little something from them.  Yes, it's going to be really awesome.  Please subscribe to the channel and really awesome.  Please subscribe to the channel and really awesome.  Please subscribe to the channel and show some love. show some love. show some love. Rumble.  Young man.