Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, what's up? It's your host with the most what's up? It's your host with the most what's up? It's your host with the most entertaining people like you from coast entertaining people like you from coast entertaining people like you from coast to coast. Wait, man Mike, and we're back to coast. Wait, man Mike, and we're back to coast. Wait, man Mike, and we're back for another video. Today's video, we're for another video. Today's video, we're for another video. Today's video, we're going to be breaking down a product going to be breaking down a product going to be breaking down a product that's been around forever. You've that's been around forever. You've that's been around forever. You've probably heard of it. It's called probably heard of it. It's called probably heard of it. It's called Murray's Pomade. Now, I know Murray's Murray's Pomade. Now, I know Murray's Murray's Pomade. Now, I know Murray's pomade has a bit of a reputation. Some pomade has a bit of a reputation. Some pomade has a bit of a reputation. Some people swear by it. Some people say it's people swear by it. Some people say it's people swear by it. Some people say it's too thick, too greasy, too much of too thick, too greasy, too much of too thick, too greasy, too much of everything. But today, I'm going to everything. But today, I'm going to everything. But today, I'm going to actually go over what's inside of it, actually go over what's inside of it, actually go over what's inside of it, how to use it, and if it's actually how to use it, and if it's actually how to use it, and if it's actually worth using in 2025. Let's get into it. worth using in 2025. Let's get into it. worth using in 2025. Let's get into it. So, first off, what even is Murray's So, first off, what even is Murray's So, first off, what even is Murray's pomade? This is one of the thickest and pomade? This is one of the thickest and pomade? This is one of the thickest and strongest pomades out there. It comes in strongest pomades out there. It comes in strongest pomades out there. It comes in an orange can just like this, and you an orange can just like this, and you an orange can just like this, and you can find it at almost any beauty supply can find it at almost any beauty supply can find it at almost any beauty supply store and a Walmart for just about 3 to store and a Walmart for just about 3 to store and a Walmart for just about 3 to five bucks. But just because it's cheap five bucks. But just because it's cheap five bucks. But just because it's cheap and popular doesn't necessarily mean and popular doesn't necessarily mean and popular doesn't necessarily mean that it's good for your waves. This is that it's good for your waves. This is that it's good for your waves. This is why we're going to break it down. So, why we're going to break it down. So, why we're going to break it down. So, let's talk about the ingredients. The let's talk about the ingredients. The let's talk about the ingredients. The main ones are prolatamatum, mineral oil, main ones are prolatamatum, mineral oil, main ones are prolatamatum, mineral oil, and fragrance. That's the base, but of and fragrance. That's the base, but of and fragrance. That's the base, but of course, there are variations with like course, there are variations with like course, there are variations with like coconut oil and stuff, but the original coconut oil and stuff, but the original coconut oil and stuff, but the original formula is pretty basic. Let's start formula is pretty basic. Let's start formula is pretty basic. Let's start with the prolatum. Petrolatum is a thick with the prolatum. Petrolatum is a thick with the prolatum. Petrolatum is a thick petroleum based product, basically petroleum based product, basically petroleum based product, basically Vaseline. It gives Murray's its strong Vaseline. It gives Murray's its strong Vaseline. It gives Murray's its strong hold and shine. But here's something you hold and shine. But here's something you hold and shine. But here's something you really need to know. It doesn't provide really need to know. It doesn't provide really need to know. It doesn't provide moisture. It only seals in what you moisture. It only seals in what you moisture. It only seals in what you already have. So if your hair is dry and already have. So if your hair is dry and already have. So if your hair is dry and you put the Murray's in your hair, you put the Murray's in your hair, you put the Murray's in your hair, you're just locking in that dryness. So you're just locking in that dryness. So you're just locking in that dryness. So always moisturize before using this. always moisturize before using this. always moisturize before using this. Next is mineral oil. And this helps with Next is mineral oil. And this helps with Next is mineral oil. And this helps with the texture. It makes the pomade the texture. It makes the pomade the texture. It makes the pomade smoother and gives your hair that slick smoother and gives your hair that slick smoother and gives your hair that slick finish. Just like prolatum, it seals. It finish. Just like prolatum, it seals. It finish. Just like prolatum, it seals. It doesn't feed your hair. So again, use it doesn't feed your hair. So again, use it doesn't feed your hair. So again, use it after you put some moisture in your after you put some moisture in your after you put some moisture in your hair. Then there's fragrance. Murice has hair. Then there's fragrance. Murice has hair. Then there's fragrance. Murice has like this very strong old school barber like this very strong old school barber like this very strong old school barber vibe scent. Some people love it, some vibe scent. Some people love it, some vibe scent. Some people love it, some people think it's a little overpowering. people think it's a little overpowering. people think it's a little overpowering. Personally, I'm not too sensitive to the Personally, I'm not too sensitive to the Personally, I'm not too sensitive to the smell. Now, like I said, some versions smell. Now, like I said, some versions smell. Now, like I said, some versions of Murray's pomade do have extra of Murray's pomade do have extra of Murray's pomade do have extra ingredients. Some actually come with a ingredients. Some actually come with a ingredients. Some actually come with a moisturizing oil that can soften your moisturizing oil that can soften your moisturizing oil that can soften your hair and make it more manageable. You hair and make it more manageable. You hair and make it more manageable. You might also see coconut oil or aloe vera, might also see coconut oil or aloe vera, might also see coconut oil or aloe vera, both of which help with moisture and both of which help with moisture and both of which help with moisture and scalp health, but none of these are in scalp health, but none of these are in scalp health, but none of these are in the original formula, and that's what the original formula, and that's what the original formula, and that's what most people are using. So, now that we most people are using. So, now that we most people are using. So, now that we know what's in it, let's talk about how know what's in it, let's talk about how know what's in it, let's talk about how to actually use it the right way. first. to actually use it the right way. first. to actually use it the right way. first. And something that I can't stress And something that I can't stress And something that I can't stress enough, please do not overdo it because enough, please do not overdo it because enough, please do not overdo it because this stuff is very thick. If you scoop this stuff is very thick. If you scoop this stuff is very thick. If you scoop out a big glob, your waves are just out a big glob, your waves are just out a big glob, your waves are just going to feel greasy and thick. You going to feel greasy and thick. You going to feel greasy and thick. You don't want that real heavy clogged up don't want that real heavy clogged up don't want that real heavy clogged up feeling. Trust me, later in the day, feeling. Trust me, later in the day, feeling. Trust me, later in the day, you're going to be mad that you did it. you're going to be mad that you did it. you're going to be mad that you did it. Start with just a tiny tiny bit. Maybe Start with just a tiny tiny bit. Maybe Start with just a tiny tiny bit. Maybe just put your pinky fingernail in there just put your pinky fingernail in there just put your pinky fingernail in there and get a little bit on there. Warm it and get a little bit on there. Warm it and get a little bit on there. Warm it up in your hands until it melts down up in your hands until it melts down up in your hands until it melts down evenly and then apply it to your waves. evenly and then apply it to your waves. evenly and then apply it to your waves. If you're a waiver, brush right after If you're a waiver, brush right after If you're a waiver, brush right after applying it. Don't wait. You want to applying it. Don't wait. You want to applying it. Don't wait. You want to spread the product and train your spread the product and train your spread the product and train your pattern at the same time. Then throw pattern at the same time. Then throw pattern at the same time. Then throw your do-agg on to lock it in. That's your do-agg on to lock it in. That's your do-agg on to lock it in. That's really all you need. If you're trying to really all you need. If you're trying to really all you need. If you're trying to use this for wolfin, it can actually use this for wolfin, it can actually use this for wolfin, it can actually help you keep your hair laid a little help you keep your hair laid a little help you keep your hair laid a little bit longer, especially in that crown bit longer, especially in that crown bit longer, especially in that crown area. When it starts to puff up, put area. When it starts to puff up, put area. When it starts to puff up, put some Murray's in there. Get some great some Murray's in there. Get some great some Murray's in there. Get some great compression. But just be careful because compression. But just be careful because compression. But just be careful because too much of it is going to cause too much of it is going to cause too much of it is going to cause buildup. While we're talking about buildup. While we're talking about buildup. While we're talking about buildup, let's talk about washing it buildup, let's talk about washing it buildup, let's talk about washing it out. This is one of the biggest out. This is one of the biggest out. This is one of the biggest complaints people have with Murray's. complaints people have with Murray's. complaints people have with Murray's. It's not water- soluble. That means It's not water- soluble. That means It's not water- soluble. That means regular shampoo and water won't always regular shampoo and water won't always regular shampoo and water won't always get the job done. So if you use Murray's get the job done. So if you use Murray's get the job done. So if you use Murray's pomade, you're going to want to use pomade, you're going to want to use pomade, you're going to want to use something a little bit stronger, either something a little bit stronger, either something a little bit stronger, either a clarifying shampoo or a sulfatefree a clarifying shampoo or a sulfatefree a clarifying shampoo or a sulfatefree shampoo. And do multiple washes. You shampoo. And do multiple washes. You shampoo. And do multiple washes. You might need to wash your hair twice or might need to wash your hair twice or might need to wash your hair twice or even three times to fully break it down. even three times to fully break it down. even three times to fully break it down. That's why I don't recommend this That's why I don't recommend this That's why I don't recommend this product for daily use. This is more of product for daily use. This is more of product for daily use. This is more of like a once a week or special occasion like a once a week or special occasion like a once a week or special occasion type of product. Something when you want type of product. Something when you want type of product. Something when you want your waves to stay locked in all day and your waves to stay locked in all day and your waves to stay locked in all day and all night, no movement. Okay, so let's all night, no movement. Okay, so let's all night, no movement. Okay, so let's go over the pros and cons. So, the pros go over the pros and cons. So, the pros go over the pros and cons. So, the pros are it has a really strong hold. It's are it has a really strong hold. It's are it has a really strong hold. It's easy to find. It lasts a long time. You easy to find. It lasts a long time. You easy to find. It lasts a long time. You can find it in pretty much any store. I can find it in pretty much any store. I can find it in pretty much any store. I think I said that already. It's great think I said that already. It's great think I said that already. It's great for wolfin and it's affordable. The cons for wolfin and it's affordable. The cons for wolfin and it's affordable. The cons are that it can cause buildup. It's are that it can cause buildup. It's are that it can cause buildup. It's tough to wash out. It can be too heavy tough to wash out. It can be too heavy tough to wash out. It can be too heavy for some hair types. It has a strong for some hair types. It has a strong for some hair types. It has a strong scent for some people and it doesn't scent for some people and it doesn't scent for some people and it doesn't moisturize by itself. Now, here's my moisturize by itself. Now, here's my moisturize by itself. Now, here's my final take. Is Murray's pomade good for final take. Is Murray's pomade good for final take. Is Murray's pomade good for waves? I'd say yes, but only if you use waves? I'd say yes, but only if you use waves? I'd say yes, but only if you use it right. It's not for beginners who it right. It's not for beginners who it right. It's not for beginners who don't know how to wash their hair don't know how to wash their hair don't know how to wash their hair consistently. And it's definitely not consistently. And it's definitely not consistently. And it's definitely not for people looking for something for people looking for something for people looking for something lightweight or all natural, but if you lightweight or all natural, but if you lightweight or all natural, but if you know your hair, odds are you already know your hair, odds are you already know your hair, odds are you already have moisture in your routine somewhere. have moisture in your routine somewhere. have moisture in your routine somewhere. So, if you just need something to lay So, if you just need something to lay So, if you just need something to lay your hair down, this product might work your hair down, this product might work your hair down, this product might work for you if you use it correctly. I'd for you if you use it correctly. I'd for you if you use it correctly. I'd give it a 7.5 out of 10 for waiverss. give it a 7.5 out of 10 for waiverss. give it a 7.5 out of 10 for waiverss. It's effective, it's classy, and it It's effective, it's classy, and it It's effective, it's classy, and it works when you need that hold, but it's works when you need that hold, but it's works when you need that hold, but it's not something I would rely on every not something I would rely on every not something I would rely on every single day. Let me know in the comments. single day. Let me know in the comments. single day. Let me know in the comments. Have you ever used Murray's pomade? Did Have you ever used Murray's pomade? Did Have you ever used Murray's pomade? Did it help or hurt your wave progress? If it help or hurt your wave progress? If it help or hurt your wave progress? If you learned something today, please you learned something today, please you learned something today, please press the like button and subscribe for press the like button and subscribe for press the like button and subscribe for more. More tips, more product reviews, more. More tips, more product reviews, more. More tips, more product reviews, more everything. If they ask you who I more everything. If they ask you who I more everything. If they ask you who I am, I'm Wave Man Mike. So, subscribe, am, I'm Wave Man Mike. So, subscribe, am, I'm Wave Man Mike. So, subscribe, drop a comment, and don't forget to drop a comment, and don't forget to drop a comment, and don't forget to like. Enjoy your day.