No makeup, no
filter.
I just stopped. I don't have
much of an appetite in the morning. That's why
I only drink one coffee and that's it.
So, what do I want to do today?
Clothes I don't wear,
cosmetics I don't use,
bags, and glasses in my closet.
I want to put all of these in place and give them to someone. I
mentioned this in a vlog about 10 days ago, and
you might not believe it, but I never
showed the clothes. I haven't shared a video on this topic
. But currently,
10-15 people write on Instagram every day saying, "
Give me the clothes you want, I'll
come pick them up myself," or "I
live close to you, I'm very comfortable coming to pick them up,"
and that doesn't mean I'll
give the clothes I'm going to throw away to someone. I think it's a shame to give clothes that are in a bad condition, have
stains, are very
faded, or have been worn a lot,
even for free
. When I give, I only
choose items, clothes, that I
could sell, for example. The person who receives it should not turn around and
ask me, "What are you giving me?" Normal clothes that
I wear two or three times at most, with no problems
. There's
only one problem with giving something away for free
. People are being a little irresponsible
. When you sell clothes to a viewer, they will
100% come and pick up the product after they put your money on their Uje card
. But when that happens, sometimes
the correspondence goes on and on, and in the end, they don't come and pick it
up. I want to start with cosmetics
. I have four palettes, girls.
You've seen these many times on my blogs. Two are from the Revolution brand
, two are from Mistral, and to me, they
look awfully similar.
I buy fresh pallets every day. I almost
never use these girls. It
has very nice pigmentation even after applying it. Look at one.
There are also matte colors and shimmer colors.
They are universal colors. It
will work for everyone. That's why I'm going to give these two to
someone as a gift. I will give it to
someone. This X Revolution is enough for me.
I think so. I really like cloth masks.
That's why
I want to put on two extra cloth masks like this. Look, the
expiration date of the products is fast.
I've been getting so many PR packages right now.
Look, there are products there. I won't be able to finish using this
. So this is a
serum. It is used before moisturizer
. This is the same issue. It
is a moisturizing serum. It has a very nice
formula. That means I don't sell bad products
. I just won't be able to use it
.
Because there is currently enough product in use. Such a
black brush layer. I just
can't use a brush like that.
Palm tree with a red lip. I love this series very much
. It is in the closed state.
I've been looking for it for a long time. This powder
also has a refill.
I wanted to leave that tip behind too. I can't find him at all
. So, Galaga has
such a beautiful powder. Of course, it's light
colored. I don't know who specifically
I'll give it to, but I want to give it to whoever I want
.
You can also use these makeup remover wipes
. I like
girls so much. It's so stylish. It's great
when you adjust your makeup like that and so on
. I'm putting in a fresh barrel.
I got this relatively quickly. So it is such a
palette. The upper part is eye shadow. The tents
are beautiful. nude colors. And
six is ​​such a beautiful blush. I think it's a
gorgeous palette. I really like the foundation as a brand
, but I'll tell you again that I
have so many new palettes right now that I can't even get around to using them
. They just called it a four-color
quatro palette, and it's such
a stylish palette. Such an eyeshadow from the L'oreal brand
. I haven't been
using it lately. The eyebrow is a shiny
color. In general, I
like L'Oreal. Such a blush of his brand.
Meanwhile, all of this
will go to one person. That is, I should give half of the section to someone
, and half to another person.
No, these are all for one person. I'm
giving up Misli's lipstick just because the color doesn't suit me. Look
how beautifully it shines. It's a very, very beautiful
lipstick. The color of Prosta is not really
my color. So it's best
not to give it to anyone. This palette
fell out of my hands and broke, and it doesn't have one color, but it does have
three. This is also a skin palette. This is an
Azerbaijani brand. Ideal private
label. And the last thing I want to add here is a
set of 12 lipsticks.
They are mini lipsticks. Very, very small. I
bought these for the video.
He collected 500 thousand in my video. That is, successful
lipsticks. You
've probably seen that video too. Look,
they are such small lipsticks.
If I found a fancy box at home,
I would put it in a fancy box. Otherwise,
it doesn't look so stylish inside the package. My order
came in such a beautiful box. I
think we should put it in this box.
These are cosmetics. If something like this happens to a person who receives it
, let him rejoice.
Be stylish.
About three months ago, a follower
wrote to me: "Ayga, you have so many
perfumes. If I have one or two
perfumes that are about to run out, I'm also
collecting a collection. Can you give them to me? Or maybe an
empty bottle. When I read this,
I was a little confused.
People want empty bottles. So I thought I would
give five or seven perfumes in my collection as a gift, the ones that are fully filled. When
I wrote this to the lady, she was very happy and said that we would
definitely come and pick them up. It was tomorrow
, then the next day, and then I didn't come.
I think everything is
clear about cosmetics. Now let's move on to glasses. I
have so many glasses and
I want to give them all. I will save one or two small ones
for Fatima to wear.
But they are such stylish glasses. I just
don't wear them. I have switched to glasses with such lenses anymore
. There are many people who buy and wear them.
So I will give them to someone.
I think it is a bit illogical to give all the glasses to one person. A
complete decision I haven't bought any
, but
I thought I'd consult with you. Maybe when I pack the clothes,
each piece of clothing will have a special package and
a piece of clothing will be added to each package randomly
. Let whatever glasses fall out. I'll
wipe them off with a napkin one by one. I ordered some from Trend
Road, some
from Temu. I bought one from Mini Soo
and one pair of glasses is a stylish, expensive pair of glasses
among them. This time I'll only give summer
glasses, clothes, bags, and
all summer items. If you
like these types of videos, I'll make a video
for you when I put up winter clothes and
show them one by one.
I haven't made a video of this, but I can say
that I have clothes in my closet, and whoever
wants to can come and take them. You just
need to know what you're taking.
Maybe the things you showed me aren't to your
taste. For example, there are a lot of
revealing clothes in my wardrobe,
and for example, not everyone is
wearing them yet. That's why I thought it would be an
interesting video I can buy it, and I'll
show you. I bought these glasses
at an optical store for 80 manats. I just
don't like the shape anymore. I think they don't
suit me anymore. I'm
wiping them off so neatly. I have
a small request from you. Subscribe to my channel
. This is really
important for every blogger. This is not just a number
. When you subscribe, I
get a lot of motivation to share videos for you every day
.
They haven't been used for a long time, so I'll
definitely wipe them off.
So I have such a beautiful bag.
After buying this, I've probably taken it with me two or three times
. For some reason, I don't use it
. I thought it would be
better if I gave it to Fatima. It's more suitable for her age and
style. The next bag is
such a leather bag. It's very beautiful, it's of high
quality. In other words, it's a
product that has no problems.
Take a look at it. I barely took this one with me once or twice
.
I bought it for about 40 manats. This brand It belongs to me.
But I don't use it. So
I thought it would be better if I gave it to someone who does
. This is pure leather
. This is just a summer bag. If you remember
, I bought two of them from Trend Road
. This one is in a light green color and
it has a very fresh and beautiful color.
But I don't use this one either. It's been
100 percent a year and a half since I took it with me
. I posted a link and
so many people bought this bag from my link
. It's small, it's cute, for some reason I
look big in the video. In fact, it's very
small. The main point is that
the phone fits in it
. It also had a long strap,
but I couldn't find it. But I always
wore it like this, I took it with me. I'm giving this one away.
And the last bag would be
more suitable for a child in my opinion. It's incredibly cute. It's in a
similar color to this one. Summer is such a
cute bag. I don't use this one either.
I think it's too sugary.
I bought this one as a theme from one of my first orders,
remember if it comes. It
also has a soft brill arrow on it. It opens like this. There is no zam arrow
, nothing. Look, long
story short, five bags are
leaving my collection. I thought
that lately I haven't been taking them with me
. I haven't used them for maybe a year
. I mean, it would be better if
someone used them instead of just leaving them in the closet
.
I will separate some clothes for Srazu Fatima and
take them with me when I go to the village. For now,
I want to pack them in this big package. We'll see later
. Now let's move on to clothes.
Look, what am I not wearing here?
I want to start with blouses.
Blouses, T-shirts, etc. I
start my show. When my short videos
get a lot of views, I watch them and
everyone agrees with my speech in colors. But I
don't see a problem. It seems to me that just like ordinary
people
speak Azerbaijani, I am just like them.
I speak in such a way that
everyone gives me an opinion. Is there a special feature or a problem or something on purpose? write.
I say something like that, girls. By God, there is no. But
I see that several people write the same thing
and people who are not my followers
. Everyone writes why he
talks like that and such reviews do not affect me
. I just don't see the problem they see
. And I have noticed that as
people follow me, they seem to
get used to my speech and
do not see this problem. So do you think there
is a problem with my speech or not? Definitely
write your opinion in the comments section. I don't
write bad reviews to people who write like that, I don't
block them, etc. Do you know
how I block people? Those who write bad reviews all the time. You
put your hair up like that, it
doesn't suit you. Why
do you buy so many cosmetics? You are stupid. You would say spend the money there, not here
. Your taste is zero. In other words, a
person is always dissatisfied. It is always
unpleasant. Look at how I sit, how I
stand, it always gets on my nerves.
I take such people and block them so that they don't tire themselves
. If you always don't
like me, Why are you following? Don't follow
either. Follow someone you like. They only
come to
spoil you, to discourage you.
In general, not only on social networks, but
also in real life, we can have such friends
, colleagues, and
I think that you should stay away from such people
. Who only
transmit negative energy to you. I went through the closet
and I'm
giving you all the clothes that it shows you right now. Which
clothes you like, you can screenshot it and
send it to me on Instagram. I'll
save it for you. I don't know now, maybe before
you throw it away, I promised someone
. Then I'll give you something else
. In short, I want to make a few packages with
clothes. If you
remember, about a year and a half
ago, when the trend was just starting to heat up,
I bought this from the trend. I really
like it.
I've only worn it twice. It has stretch. Also, the
waist is not visible. If you
don't wear crop tops, I think it's not bad. A
weighed one It's material. I like it.
I just thought I wouldn't wear it. It would be
more appropriate if I gave it to someone.
I'll say it again, none of them are faded, the color has run,
there are no problems, there are no stains on them.
I chose the clothes that are all in perfect condition. I
think I wore this one once. I
went bowling. I think I also made a vlog for
you. Honestly, I wear it open
. I wear a crop top underneath and
jeans, I just
wanted to quickly take a picture and for some reason I couldn't find the crop top, so
I thought
I'd show it again, but this one is already open, so it's still a good look, and even if it's a
dress, the color is very
beautiful.
I ordered three of these, one in white, and I
gave it to someone else, but this is the color of the carishni
and the black, and I want to give them both
because I don't wear them, and when I put them on, the
sleeves are a little short for me
. I don't remember exactly, but I don't think
I've ever worn the black one anywhere. In general, I've never returned it from the store.
There was. But I didn't know
about it and
I kept the clothes that didn't fit me or didn't like me.
I thought, no problem, I'll
give it to someone. But now I don't do that.
I return all the ones that don't fit me. In one of the previous videos, a
viewer wrote to me that you can reach this limit
, you can send money.
You order so much. First of all, let me
start with the fact that I usually return one or two or three items of the order
and the money
comes back to me. When I reach the limit, there
are usually months when I don't
fill my limit at all. I have my
limit, my mother's limit. First of all,
you need to take into account Ruslan's limit,
that the clothes are very cheap and
how many clothes can you order for 500 manats?
I'm giving this blouse and this skirt too. I
really liked it and ordered it
. After I ordered it, the mother
told me that no, it didn't suit you at all, I didn't
like it, and so on. I said no,
I'll keep it, I won't return it.
But her word seemed to be It stayed in my head and for
some reason I don't wear it and I think I won't
wear it yet. It's better to
give it to someone so that someone can wear it. It was just that the picture
was a more extravagant color than this one. But when it arrived, it was a little pale
. I wasn't satisfied with that.
I wear all my clothes quickly. That's why I
couldn't tie the back completely.
But you understand,
there's a lace on the back like a sneaker. Maybe I'm
wrong. But it seems to me that
I ordered this blouse from her
. That is, not this.
I got this from her too. It's very beautiful. It's of good quality
. The top is mesh like this.
There's a crop underneath. I've worn it a few times,
but I don't think I've worn it anywhere in the last year
. It's a very, very beautiful thing.
I like it 100%. For example,
I can't give this type of blouse to a lubo person,
because not everyone wears it like that. That's why
I think clothes should be shown first
. After showing it, some
viewer likes someone, and then
uje It would be more correct to give it. So,
when Kaliva went shopping, I
wore this dress. You
liked it a lot.
We wrote such beautiful lines that you look like a doll and
so on. I wore it once and I'm sure
I won't wear it anytime soon.
Fashion changes, tastes change. That's why it's
better not to give it to anyone.
I bought this dress from someone else. This dress
has a story. So I
exceeded the limit. I didn't even know about it
. It ended up in customs. And I had to
prove to customs that I wasn't bringing it to sell
. I ordered it for myself.
I also said that you see,
all the dresses are the same size. The size is also S.
I ordered it myself, so I ordered it for myself
. And there were a
pair of blue earrings in the package.
I told the customs officer there that I was planning to wear these blue
earrings with this blue dress
. They didn't charge it as a sale.
But the duty is that
I paid customs as much as I could for that package.
That is, the package cost me twice as much
. That's when I learned that customs
duties are so high. When Trend
started taking new orders from the road, I bought this red dress
to wear in the new year. I wore it that year
. I think it was 2024. I
wore it then. If you remember another such set
,
I wore this set once when I went to get my nails done
. In general, it's very beautiful,
girls. I recommend it to you. The pants are
quite long. True, the
pants are not exactly in this video. But
if you are over 1.65, it
will still be for you. I like it very much. It's
stylish. I advise you. I
say it as if I were selling clothes. You can
wear this with your belly button exposed. But
I usually wore a blouse underneath
. White and then a crop top.
But I look at it this way and it's still stylish.
Crop top There is no need. For example,
girls, I have never worn this black dress
.
I ordered this one and I really
liked the picture. But in this dress I
feel like I am in a nightgown. I mean
, it is pajamas. I
can even go to the store in pajamas. I can go to the supermarket
. But not this one.
It is also very high. We also
live in the windy city. That is why it is
uncomfortable. In general, Vidi Faso is
not something to wear at all.
That is why I am giving this one away. Again, I am not giving away anything bad
.
There are people who wear it like this. That is, there are people who feel comfortable
. You can wear it to a restaurant by the sea
and so on. I just don't
wear it and I feel a little uncomfortable myself,
so I thought it would be
better to give it to someone. And I
was planning to give this one to girls. Then
I put it on. I looked at myself. I can
wear this and relax when I go on vacation
. It is so comfortable, so
beautiful. And I changed my mind and
decided not to return this widow. Wrong
If not, I don't
think I bought it that cheaply from Markov. But
the stitching is also very nice. It
has shorts underneath, so it
won't affect you when the wind blows.
I saw the same jumpsuit for 79 manats in New York
. Another chic and lemon
jumpsuit. The skirt part of this one is a little
short. That is, it's in the shape of a capri.
The legs are a little short. The material is
not that delicate. It doesn't show the inside. It fits very
nicely. I
generally like it very much. It's just that
lately, I think it's been about two years since
I wore it. I only
wore it once for a birthday. After that, I don't know
why or myself. Because it's
a beautiful dress. When it comes to clothes, I'm a widow after all.
And the last one is this skirt. Such
material is reflective. I don't
recommend such a thing to slightly fat women
, because it makes them look even fatter.
I ordered this from her too.
In general, before the temu, I always
bought clothes from her. Currently,
I find the theme more convenient. Also
, it is very convenient because there is a return policy.
The package is subject to smart customs.
For example, it is not. That smart customs is
not subject to. But you have to take into account that it
fits into the limit. I thought about
how to fold these, how to put them, which
clothes with which clothes. Then
I thought that I have these sets of packages
. New packages. The clothes look better in them
. And that's how I divided them.
Three by three products. Some packages had
more than three products. I
had to put one pair of glasses
and one bag in each package. Actually,
I would have put them in now. It's just that the viewers will say that
I want this dress.
I want that bag. There will be a lot of confusion there. That's why
I thought that
I shouldn't put them in yet. I will put them in when I give them. And
girls, the main thing is that there is no delivery. I will give them to
whoever is close to me.
Because there are already many people who want them. It happened
to me once. A lady who was one of the first to write
wrote. We also clarified
what she wanted specifically. Then the lady said
that I live in such and such a city in Russia
. Then when I found out
how much this costs? She didn't send it to her.
I thought it would be better if I sent money
. I mean, shipping abroad is so
expensive. Sometimes it happens that it costs
us 50-60 manats. I mean,
these clothes are not worth it. That's why
I'm thinking of giving them to people who are still in our area
.
I made them all into packages like this. I
got five packages. In general,
the packages I shot from this demo always catch my eye
. I just wanted to
put a sticker on each package. But I saw that
my tape was finished. Therefore, I urgently
need to work on another tape order.
That's all for today. Thank you very much for
watching this vlog until the end. If
you are interested in such videos, write to me in the r section
. y
