No makeup, no No makeup, no No makeup, no filter. filter. filter. I just stopped.   I don't have much of an appetite in the morning.  That's why much of an appetite in the morning.  That's why much of an appetite in the morning.  That's why I only drink one coffee and that's it. I only drink one coffee and that's it. I only drink one coffee and that's it. So, what do I want to do today? So, what do I want to do today? So, what do I want to do today? Clothes I don't wear, Clothes I don't wear, Clothes I don't wear, cosmetics I don't use, cosmetics I don't use, cosmetics I don't use, bags, and glasses in my closet. bags, and glasses in my closet. bags, and glasses in my closet. I want to put all of these in place and give them to someone.  I I want to put all of these in place and give them to someone.  I mentioned this in a vlog about 10 days ago, and mentioned this in a vlog about 10 days ago, and mentioned this in a vlog about 10 days ago, and you might not believe it, but I never you might not believe it, but I never you might not believe it, but I never showed the clothes.  I haven't shared a video on this topic showed the clothes.  I haven't shared a video on this topic showed the clothes.  I haven't shared a video on this topic .  But currently, .  But currently, .  But currently, 10-15 people write on Instagram every day saying, " 10-15 people write on Instagram every day saying, " 10-15 people write on Instagram every day saying, " Give me the clothes you want, I'll Give me the clothes you want, I'll Give me the clothes you want, I'll come pick them up myself," or "I come pick them up myself," or "I come pick them up myself," or "I live close to you, I'm very comfortable coming to pick them up," live close to you, I'm very comfortable coming to pick them up," live close to you, I'm very comfortable coming to pick them up," and that doesn't mean I'll and that doesn't mean I'll give the clothes I'm going to throw away to someone.  I think it's a shame to give clothes that are in a bad condition, have give the clothes I'm going to throw away to someone.  I think it's a shame to give clothes that are in a bad condition, have give the clothes I'm going to throw away to someone.  I think it's a shame to give clothes that are in a bad condition, have stains, are very stains, are very stains, are very faded, or have been worn a lot, faded, or have been worn a lot, faded, or have been worn a lot, even for free even for free even for free .  When I give, I only .  When I give, I only choose items, clothes, that I choose items, clothes, that I choose items, clothes, that I could sell, for example.  The person who receives it should not turn around and could sell, for example.  The person who receives it should not turn around and could sell, for example.  The person who receives it should not turn around and ask me, "What are you giving me?"  Normal clothes that ask me, "What are you giving me?"  Normal clothes that ask me, "What are you giving me?"  Normal clothes that I wear two or three times at most, with no problems I wear two or three times at most, with no problems I wear two or three times at most, with no problems .  There's .  There's .  There's only one problem with giving something away for free only one problem with giving something away for free only one problem with giving something away for free .  People are being a little irresponsible .  People are being a little irresponsible .  People are being a little irresponsible .  When you sell clothes to a viewer, they will .  When you sell clothes to a viewer, they will 100% come and pick up the product after they put your money on their Uje card 100% come and pick up the product after they put your money on their Uje card 100% come and pick up the product after they put your money on their Uje card .  But when that happens, sometimes .  But when that happens, sometimes .  But when that happens, sometimes the correspondence goes on and on, and in the end, they don't come and pick it the correspondence goes on and on, and in the end, they don't come and pick it the correspondence goes on and on, and in the end, they don't come and pick it up.  I want to start with cosmetics up.  I want to start with cosmetics up.  I want to start with cosmetics .  I have four palettes, girls. .  I have four palettes, girls. You've seen these many times on my blogs.  Two are from the Revolution brand You've seen these many times on my blogs.  Two are from the Revolution brand You've seen these many times on my blogs.  Two are from the Revolution brand , two are from Mistral, and to me, they , two are from Mistral, and to me, they , two are from Mistral, and to me, they look awfully similar. look awfully similar. look awfully similar. I buy fresh pallets every day.  I almost I buy fresh pallets every day.  I almost I buy fresh pallets every day.  I almost never use these girls.   It never use these girls.   It has very nice pigmentation even after applying it.  Look at one. has very nice pigmentation even after applying it.  Look at one. has very nice pigmentation even after applying it.  Look at one. There are also matte colors and shimmer colors. There are also matte colors and shimmer colors. There are also matte colors and shimmer colors. They are universal colors.  It They are universal colors.  It They are universal colors.  It will work for everyone.  That's why I'm going to give these two to will work for everyone.  That's why I'm going to give these two to will work for everyone.  That's why I'm going to give these two to someone as a gift.  I will give it to someone as a gift.  I will give it to someone as a gift.  I will give it to someone.  This X Revolution is enough for me. someone.  This X Revolution is enough for me. someone.  This X Revolution is enough for me. I think so.  I really like cloth masks. I think so.  I really like cloth masks. I think so.  I really like cloth masks. That's why That's why That's why I want to put on two extra cloth masks like this.  Look, the I want to put on two extra cloth masks like this.  Look, the I want to put on two extra cloth masks like this.  Look, the expiration date of the products is fast. expiration date of the products is fast. expiration date of the products is fast. I've been getting so many PR packages right now. I've been getting so many PR packages right now. I've been getting so many PR packages right now. Look, there are products there.  I won't be able to finish using this Look, there are products there.  I won't be able to finish using this Look, there are products there.  I won't be able to finish using this .  So this is a .  So this is a .  So this is a serum.  It is used before moisturizer serum.  It is used before moisturizer serum.  It is used before moisturizer .  This is the same issue.   It .  This is the same issue.   It .  This is the same issue.   It is a moisturizing serum.  It has a very nice is a moisturizing serum.  It has a very nice is a moisturizing serum.  It has a very nice formula.  That means I don't sell bad products formula.  That means I don't sell bad products formula.  That means I don't sell bad products .  I just won't be able to use it .  I just won't be able to use it .  I just won't be able to use it . . . Because there is currently enough product in use.  Such a Because there is currently enough product in use.  Such a Because there is currently enough product in use.  Such a black brush layer.  I just black brush layer.  I just black brush layer.  I just can't use a brush like that. can't use a brush like that. can't use a brush like that. Palm tree with a red lip.  I love this series very much Palm tree with a red lip.  I love this series very much Palm tree with a red lip.  I love this series very much .  It is in the closed state. .  It is in the closed state. .  It is in the closed state. I've been looking for it for a long time.  This powder I've been looking for it for a long time.  This powder I've been looking for it for a long time.  This powder also has a refill. also has a refill. also has a refill. I wanted to leave that tip behind too.  I can't find him at all I wanted to leave that tip behind too.  I can't find him at all I wanted to leave that tip behind too.  I can't find him at all .  So, Galaga has .  So, Galaga has .  So, Galaga has such a beautiful powder.  Of course, it's light such a beautiful powder.  Of course, it's light such a beautiful powder.  Of course, it's light colored.  I don't know who specifically colored.  I don't know who specifically colored.  I don't know who specifically I'll give it to, but I want to give it to whoever I want I'll give it to, but I want to give it to whoever I want I'll give it to, but I want to give it to whoever I want . . . You can also use these makeup remover wipes You can also use these makeup remover wipes You can also use these makeup remover wipes .  I like .  I like .  I like girls so much.  It's so stylish.  It's great girls so much.  It's so stylish.  It's great girls so much.  It's so stylish.  It's great when you adjust your makeup like that and so on when you adjust your makeup like that and so on when you adjust your makeup like that and so on .  I'm putting in a fresh barrel. .  I'm putting in a fresh barrel. .  I'm putting in a fresh barrel. I got this relatively quickly.  So it is such a I got this relatively quickly.  So it is such a I got this relatively quickly.  So it is such a palette.  The upper part is eye shadow.  The tents palette.  The upper part is eye shadow.  The tents palette.  The upper part is eye shadow.  The tents are beautiful.  nude colors.   And are beautiful.  nude colors.   And are beautiful.  nude colors.   And six is ​​such a beautiful blush.  I think it's a six is ​​such a beautiful blush.  I think it's a six is ​​such a beautiful blush.  I think it's a gorgeous palette.  I really like the foundation as a brand gorgeous palette.  I really like the foundation as a brand gorgeous palette.  I really like the foundation as a brand , but I'll tell you again that I , but I'll tell you again that I have so many new palettes right now that I can't even get around to using them have so many new palettes right now that I can't even get around to using them have so many new palettes right now that I can't even get around to using them .  They just called it a four-color .  They just called it a four-color .  They just called it a four-color quatro palette, and it's such quatro palette, and it's such quatro palette, and it's such a stylish palette.  Such an eyeshadow from the L'oreal brand a stylish palette.  Such an eyeshadow from the L'oreal brand a stylish palette.  Such an eyeshadow from the L'oreal brand .  I haven't been .  I haven't been .  I haven't been using it lately.  The eyebrow is a shiny using it lately.  The eyebrow is a shiny using it lately.  The eyebrow is a shiny color.  In general, I color.  In general, I color.  In general, I like L'Oreal.  Such a blush of his brand. Meanwhile, all of this Meanwhile, all of this Meanwhile, all of this will go to one person.  That is, I should give half of the section to someone will go to one person.  That is, I should give half of the section to someone will go to one person.  That is, I should give half of the section to someone , and half to another person. , and half to another person. , and half to another person. No, these are all for one person.   I'm No, these are all for one person.   I'm giving up Misli's lipstick just because the color doesn't suit me.  Look giving up Misli's lipstick just because the color doesn't suit me.  Look giving up Misli's lipstick just because the color doesn't suit me.  Look how beautifully it shines.  It's a very, very beautiful how beautifully it shines.  It's a very, very beautiful how beautifully it shines.  It's a very, very beautiful lipstick.  The color of Prosta is not really lipstick.  The color of Prosta is not really lipstick.  The color of Prosta is not really my color.  So it's best my color.  So it's best my color.  So it's best not to give it to anyone.  This palette not to give it to anyone.  This palette not to give it to anyone.  This palette fell out of my hands and broke, and it doesn't have one color, but it does have fell out of my hands and broke, and it doesn't have one color, but it does have fell out of my hands and broke, and it doesn't have one color, but it does have three.  This is also a skin palette.  This is an three.  This is also a skin palette.  This is an three.  This is also a skin palette.  This is an Azerbaijani brand.  Ideal private Azerbaijani brand.  Ideal private Azerbaijani brand.  Ideal private label.  And the last thing I want to add here is a label.  And the last thing I want to add here is a label.  And the last thing I want to add here is a set of 12 lipsticks. set of 12 lipsticks. set of 12 lipsticks. They are mini lipsticks.  Very, very small.  I They are mini lipsticks.  Very, very small.  I They are mini lipsticks.  Very, very small.  I bought these for the video. bought these for the video. bought these for the video. He collected 500 thousand in my video.  That is, successful He collected 500 thousand in my video.  That is, successful He collected 500 thousand in my video.  That is, successful lipsticks.  You lipsticks.  You lipsticks.  You 've probably seen that video too.  Look, 've probably seen that video too.  Look, 've probably seen that video too.  Look, they are such small lipsticks. they are such small lipsticks. they are such small lipsticks. If I found a fancy box at home, If I found a fancy box at home, If I found a fancy box at home, I would put it in a fancy box.  Otherwise, I would put it in a fancy box.  Otherwise, it doesn't look so stylish inside the package.  My order it doesn't look so stylish inside the package.  My order it doesn't look so stylish inside the package.  My order came in such a beautiful box.  I came in such a beautiful box.  I came in such a beautiful box.  I think we should put it in this box. think we should put it in this box. think we should put it in this box. These are cosmetics.  If something like this happens to a person who receives it These are cosmetics.  If something like this happens to a person who receives it These are cosmetics.  If something like this happens to a person who receives it , let him rejoice. , let him rejoice. , let him rejoice. Be stylish. About three months ago, a follower About three months ago, a follower About three months ago, a follower wrote to me: "Ayga, you have so many wrote to me: "Ayga, you have so many wrote to me: "Ayga, you have so many perfumes. If I have one or two perfumes. If I have one or two perfumes. If I have one or two perfumes that are about to run out, I'm also perfumes that are about to run out, I'm also perfumes that are about to run out, I'm also collecting a collection. Can you give them to me? Or maybe an collecting a collection. Can you give them to me? Or maybe an collecting a collection. Can you give them to me? Or maybe an empty bottle. When I read this, empty bottle. When I read this, empty bottle. When I read this, I was a little confused. I was a little confused. I was a little confused. People want empty bottles. So I thought I would People want empty bottles. So I thought I would give five or seven perfumes in my collection as a gift, the ones that are fully filled. When give five or seven perfumes in my collection as a gift, the ones that are fully filled. When give five or seven perfumes in my collection as a gift, the ones that are fully filled. When I wrote this to the lady, she was very happy and said that we would I wrote this to the lady, she was very happy and said that we would I wrote this to the lady, she was very happy and said that we would definitely come and pick them up. It was tomorrow definitely come and pick them up. It was tomorrow definitely come and pick them up. It was tomorrow , then the next day, and then I didn't come. , then the next day, and then I didn't come. , then the next day, and then I didn't come. I think everything is I think everything is I think everything is clear about cosmetics. Now let's move on to glasses. I clear about cosmetics. Now let's move on to glasses. I clear about cosmetics. Now let's move on to glasses. I have so many glasses and have so many glasses and have so many glasses and I want to give them all. I will save one or two small ones I want to give them all. I will save one or two small ones I want to give them all. I will save one or two small ones for Fatima to wear. for Fatima to wear. for Fatima to wear. But they are such stylish glasses. I just But they are such stylish glasses. I just But they are such stylish glasses. I just don't wear them. I have switched to glasses with such lenses anymore don't wear them. I have switched to glasses with such lenses anymore don't wear them. I have switched to glasses with such lenses anymore . There are many people who buy and wear them. . There are many people who buy and wear them. . There are many people who buy and wear them. So I will give them to someone. So I will give them to someone. So I will give them to someone. I think it is a bit illogical to give all the glasses to one person. A I think it is a bit illogical to give all the glasses to one person. A I think it is a bit illogical to give all the glasses to one person. A complete decision  I haven't bought any complete decision  I haven't bought any complete decision  I haven't bought any , but , but , but I thought I'd consult with you. Maybe when I pack the clothes, I thought I'd consult with you. Maybe when I pack the clothes, I thought I'd consult with you. Maybe when I pack the clothes, each piece of clothing will have a special package and each piece of clothing will have a special package and each piece of clothing will have a special package and a piece of clothing will be added to each package randomly a piece of clothing will be added to each package randomly a piece of clothing will be added to each package randomly . Let whatever glasses fall out. I'll . Let whatever glasses fall out. I'll wipe them off with a napkin one by one. I ordered some from Trend wipe them off with a napkin one by one. I ordered some from Trend wipe them off with a napkin one by one. I ordered some from Trend Road, some Road, some Road, some from Temu. I bought one from Mini Soo from Temu. I bought one from Mini Soo from Temu. I bought one from Mini Soo and one pair of glasses is a stylish, expensive pair of glasses and one pair of glasses is a stylish, expensive pair of glasses and one pair of glasses is a stylish, expensive pair of glasses among them. This time I'll only give summer among them. This time I'll only give summer among them. This time I'll only give summer glasses, clothes, bags, and glasses, clothes, bags, and glasses, clothes, bags, and all summer items. If you all summer items. If you all summer items. If you like these types of videos, I'll make a video like these types of videos, I'll make a video like these types of videos, I'll make a video for you when I put up winter clothes and for you when I put up winter clothes and for you when I put up winter clothes and show them one by one. show them one by one. show them one by one. I haven't made a video of this, but I can say I haven't made a video of this, but I can say I haven't made a video of this, but I can say that I have clothes in my closet, and whoever that I have clothes in my closet, and whoever that I have clothes in my closet, and whoever wants to can come and take them. You just wants to can come and take them. You just wants to can come and take them. You just need to know what you're taking. need to know what you're taking. need to know what you're taking. Maybe the things you showed me aren't to your Maybe the things you showed me aren't to your Maybe the things you showed me aren't to your taste. For example, there are a lot of taste. For example, there are a lot of taste. For example, there are a lot of revealing clothes in my wardrobe, revealing clothes in my wardrobe, revealing clothes in my wardrobe, and for example, not everyone is and for example, not everyone is and for example, not everyone is wearing them yet. That's why I thought it would be an wearing them yet. That's why I thought it would be an wearing them yet. That's why I thought it would be an interesting video  I can buy it, and I'll interesting video  I can buy it, and I'll interesting video  I can buy it, and I'll show you. I bought these glasses show you. I bought these glasses show you. I bought these glasses at an optical store for 80 manats. I just at an optical store for 80 manats. I just at an optical store for 80 manats. I just don't like the shape anymore. I think they don't don't like the shape anymore. I think they don't don't like the shape anymore. I think they don't suit me anymore. I'm suit me anymore. I'm suit me anymore. I'm wiping them off so neatly. I have wiping them off so neatly. I have wiping them off so neatly. I have a small request from you. Subscribe to my channel a small request from you. Subscribe to my channel a small request from you. Subscribe to my channel . This is really . This is really . This is really important for every blogger. This is not just a number important for every blogger. This is not just a number important for every blogger. This is not just a number . When you subscribe, I . When you subscribe, I . When you subscribe, I get a lot of motivation to share videos for you every day get a lot of motivation to share videos for you every day get a lot of motivation to share videos for you every day . . . They haven't been used for a long time, so I'll They haven't been used for a long time, so I'll They haven't been used for a long time, so I'll definitely wipe them off. definitely wipe them off. definitely wipe them off. So I have such a beautiful bag. So I have such a beautiful bag. So I have such a beautiful bag. After buying this, I've probably taken it with me two or three times After buying this, I've probably taken it with me two or three times After buying this, I've probably taken it with me two or three times . For some reason, I don't use it . For some reason, I don't use it . For some reason, I don't use it . I thought it would be . I thought it would be . I thought it would be better if I gave it to Fatima. It's more suitable for her age and better if I gave it to Fatima. It's more suitable for her age and better if I gave it to Fatima. It's more suitable for her age and style. The next bag is style. The next bag is style. The next bag is such a leather bag. It's very beautiful, it's of high such a leather bag. It's very beautiful, it's of high such a leather bag. It's very beautiful, it's of high quality. In other words, it's a quality. In other words, it's a quality. In other words, it's a product that has no problems. product that has no problems. product that has no problems. Take a look at it. I barely took this one with me once or twice Take a look at it. I barely took this one with me once or twice Take a look at it. I barely took this one with me once or twice . . . I bought it for about 40 manats. This brand  It belongs to me. I bought it for about 40 manats. This brand  It belongs to me. I bought it for about 40 manats. This brand  It belongs to me. But I don't use it. So But I don't use it. So But I don't use it. So I thought it would be better if I gave it to someone who does I thought it would be better if I gave it to someone who does I thought it would be better if I gave it to someone who does . This is pure leather . This is pure leather . This is pure leather . This is just a summer bag. If you remember . This is just a summer bag. If you remember . This is just a summer bag. If you remember , I bought two of them from Trend Road , I bought two of them from Trend Road , I bought two of them from Trend Road . This one is in a light green color and . This one is in a light green color and . This one is in a light green color and it has a very fresh and beautiful color. it has a very fresh and beautiful color. it has a very fresh and beautiful color. But I don't use this one either. It's been But I don't use this one either. It's been But I don't use this one either. It's been 100 percent a year and a half since I took it with me 100 percent a year and a half since I took it with me 100 percent a year and a half since I took it with me . I posted a link and . I posted a link and . I posted a link and so many people bought this bag from my link so many people bought this bag from my link so many people bought this bag from my link . It's small, it's cute, for some reason I . It's small, it's cute, for some reason I . It's small, it's cute, for some reason I look big in the video. In fact, it's very look big in the video. In fact, it's very look big in the video. In fact, it's very small. The main point is that small. The main point is that small. The main point is that the phone fits in it the phone fits in it the phone fits in it . It also had a long strap, . It also had a long strap, . It also had a long strap, but I couldn't find it. But I always but I couldn't find it. But I always but I couldn't find it. But I always wore it like this, I took it with me. I'm giving this one away. wore it like this, I took it with me. I'm giving this one away. wore it like this, I took it with me. I'm giving this one away. And the last bag would be And the last bag would be And the last bag would be more suitable for a child in my opinion. It's incredibly cute. It's in a more suitable for a child in my opinion. It's incredibly cute. It's in a more suitable for a child in my opinion. It's incredibly cute. It's in a similar color to this one. Summer is such a similar color to this one. Summer is such a similar color to this one. Summer is such a cute bag. I don't use this one either. cute bag. I don't use this one either. cute bag. I don't use this one either. I think it's too sugary. I think it's too sugary. I think it's too sugary. I bought this one as a theme from one of my first orders, I bought this one as a theme from one of my first orders, I bought this one as a theme from one of my first orders, remember  if it comes. It remember  if it comes. It remember  if it comes. It also has a soft brill arrow on it. It opens like this. There is no zam arrow also has a soft brill arrow on it. It opens like this. There is no zam arrow also has a soft brill arrow on it. It opens like this. There is no zam arrow , nothing. Look, long , nothing. Look, long , nothing. Look, long story short, five bags are story short, five bags are story short, five bags are leaving my collection. I thought leaving my collection. I thought leaving my collection. I thought that lately I haven't been taking them with me that lately I haven't been taking them with me that lately I haven't been taking them with me . I haven't used them for maybe a year . I haven't used them for maybe a year . I haven't used them for maybe a year . I mean, it would be better if . I mean, it would be better if . I mean, it would be better if someone used them instead of just leaving them in the closet someone used them instead of just leaving them in the closet someone used them instead of just leaving them in the closet . . . I will separate some clothes for Srazu Fatima and I will separate some clothes for Srazu Fatima and I will separate some clothes for Srazu Fatima and take them with me when I go to the village. For now, take them with me when I go to the village. For now, take them with me when I go to the village. For now, I want to pack them in this big package. We'll see later I want to pack them in this big package. We'll see later I want to pack them in this big package. We'll see later . Now let's move on to clothes. . Now let's move on to clothes. . Now let's move on to clothes. Look, what am I not wearing here? Look, what am I not wearing here? Look, what am I not wearing here? I want to start with blouses. I want to start with blouses. I want to start with blouses. Blouses, T-shirts, etc. I Blouses, T-shirts, etc. I start my show. When my short videos start my show. When my short videos start my show. When my short videos get a lot of views, I watch them and get a lot of views, I watch them and get a lot of views, I watch them and everyone agrees with my speech in colors. But I everyone agrees with my speech in colors. But I everyone agrees with my speech in colors. But I don't see a problem. It seems to me that just like ordinary don't see a problem. It seems to me that just like ordinary don't see a problem. It seems to me that just like ordinary people people people speak Azerbaijani, I am just like them. speak Azerbaijani, I am just like them. I speak in such a way that I speak in such a way that I speak in such a way that everyone gives me an opinion. Is there a special feature or a problem or something on purpose?  write. everyone gives me an opinion. Is there a special feature or a problem or something on purpose?  write. everyone gives me an opinion. Is there a special feature or a problem or something on purpose?  write. I say something like that, girls. By God, there is no. But I say something like that, girls. By God, there is no. But I say something like that, girls. By God, there is no. But I see that several people write the same thing I see that several people write the same thing I see that several people write the same thing and people who are not my followers and people who are not my followers and people who are not my followers . Everyone writes why he . Everyone writes why he . Everyone writes why he talks like that and such reviews do not affect me talks like that and such reviews do not affect me talks like that and such reviews do not affect me . I just don't see the problem they see . I just don't see the problem they see . I just don't see the problem they see . And I have noticed that as . And I have noticed that as . And I have noticed that as people follow me, they seem to people follow me, they seem to people follow me, they seem to get used to my speech and get used to my speech and get used to my speech and do not see this problem. So do you think there do not see this problem. So do you think there do not see this problem. So do you think there is a problem with my speech or not? Definitely is a problem with my speech or not? Definitely is a problem with my speech or not? Definitely write your opinion in the comments section. I don't write your opinion in the comments section. I don't write your opinion in the comments section. I don't write bad reviews to people who write like that, I don't write bad reviews to people who write like that, I don't write bad reviews to people who write like that, I don't block them, etc. Do you know block them, etc. Do you know block them, etc. Do you know how I block people? Those who write bad reviews all the time. You how I block people? Those who write bad reviews all the time. You how I block people? Those who write bad reviews all the time. You put your hair up like that, it put your hair up like that, it put your hair up like that, it doesn't suit you. Why doesn't suit you. Why doesn't suit you. Why do you buy so many cosmetics? You are stupid. You would say spend the money there, not here do you buy so many cosmetics? You are stupid. You would say spend the money there, not here do you buy so many cosmetics? You are stupid. You would say spend the money there, not here . Your taste is zero. In other words, a . Your taste is zero. In other words, a . Your taste is zero. In other words, a person is always dissatisfied. It is always person is always dissatisfied. It is always person is always dissatisfied. It is always unpleasant. Look at how I sit, how I unpleasant. Look at how I sit, how I unpleasant. Look at how I sit, how I stand, it always gets on my nerves. stand, it always gets on my nerves. stand, it always gets on my nerves. I take such people and block them so that they don't tire themselves I take such people and block them so that they don't tire themselves I take such people and block them so that they don't tire themselves . If you always don't . If you always don't . If you always don't like me,  Why are you following? Don't follow like me,  Why are you following? Don't follow like me,  Why are you following? Don't follow either. Follow someone you like. They only either. Follow someone you like. They only either. Follow someone you like. They only come to come to come to spoil you, to discourage you. spoil you, to discourage you. spoil you, to discourage you. In general, not only on social networks, but In general, not only on social networks, but In general, not only on social networks, but also in real life, we can have such friends also in real life, we can have such friends also in real life, we can have such friends , colleagues, and , colleagues, and , colleagues, and I think that you should stay away from such people I think that you should stay away from such people I think that you should stay away from such people . Who only . Who only . Who only transmit negative energy to you. I went through the closet transmit negative energy to you. I went through the closet transmit negative energy to you. I went through the closet and I'm and I'm and I'm giving you all the clothes that it shows you right now. Which giving you all the clothes that it shows you right now. Which giving you all the clothes that it shows you right now. Which clothes you like, you can screenshot it and clothes you like, you can screenshot it and clothes you like, you can screenshot it and send it to me on Instagram. I'll send it to me on Instagram. I'll send it to me on Instagram. I'll save it for you. I don't know now, maybe before save it for you. I don't know now, maybe before save it for you. I don't know now, maybe before you throw it away, I promised someone you throw it away, I promised someone you throw it away, I promised someone . Then I'll give you something else . Then I'll give you something else . Then I'll give you something else . In short, I want to make a few packages with . In short, I want to make a few packages with . In short, I want to make a few packages with clothes. If you clothes. If you clothes. If you remember, about a year and a half remember, about a year and a half remember, about a year and a half ago, when the trend was just starting to heat up, ago, when the trend was just starting to heat up, ago, when the trend was just starting to heat up, I bought this from the trend. I really I bought this from the trend. I really I bought this from the trend. I really like it. like it. like it. I've only worn it twice. It has stretch. Also, the I've only worn it twice. It has stretch. Also, the I've only worn it twice. It has stretch. Also, the waist is not visible. If you waist is not visible. If you waist is not visible. If you don't wear crop tops, I think it's not bad. A don't wear crop tops, I think it's not bad. A don't wear crop tops, I think it's not bad. A weighed one  It's material. I like it. weighed one  It's material. I like it. weighed one  It's material. I like it. I just thought I wouldn't wear it. It would be I just thought I wouldn't wear it. It would be I just thought I wouldn't wear it. It would be more appropriate if I gave it to someone. more appropriate if I gave it to someone. more appropriate if I gave it to someone. I'll say it again, none of them are faded, the color has run, I'll say it again, none of them are faded, the color has run, I'll say it again, none of them are faded, the color has run, there are no problems, there are no stains on them. there are no problems, there are no stains on them. I chose the clothes that are all in perfect condition. I I chose the clothes that are all in perfect condition. I I chose the clothes that are all in perfect condition. I think I wore this one once. I think I wore this one once. I think I wore this one once. I went bowling. I think I also made a vlog for went bowling. I think I also made a vlog for went bowling. I think I also made a vlog for you. Honestly, I wear it open you. Honestly, I wear it open you. Honestly, I wear it open . I wear a crop top underneath and . I wear a crop top underneath and . I wear a crop top underneath and jeans, I just jeans, I just jeans, I just wanted to quickly take a picture and for some reason I couldn't find the crop top, so wanted to quickly take a picture and for some reason I couldn't find the crop top, so wanted to quickly take a picture and for some reason I couldn't find the crop top, so I thought I thought I thought I'd show it again, but this one is already open, so it's still a good look, and even if it's a I'd show it again, but this one is already open, so it's still a good look, and even if it's a dress, the color is very dress, the color is very dress, the color is very beautiful. beautiful. beautiful. I ordered three of these, one in white, and I I ordered three of these, one in white, and I I ordered three of these, one in white, and I gave it to someone else, but this is the color of the carishni gave it to someone else, but this is the color of the carishni gave it to someone else, but this is the color of the carishni and the black, and I want to give them both and the black, and I want to give them both and the black, and I want to give them both because I don't wear them, and when I put them on, the because I don't wear them, and when I put them on, the because I don't wear them, and when I put them on, the sleeves are a little short for me sleeves are a little short for me sleeves are a little short for me . I don't remember exactly, but I don't think . I don't remember exactly, but I don't think I've ever worn the black one anywhere. In general, I've never returned it from the store. I've ever worn the black one anywhere. In general, I've never returned it from the store. I've ever worn the black one anywhere. In general, I've never returned it from the store. There was. But I didn't know There was. But I didn't know There was. But I didn't know about it and about it and about it and I kept the clothes that didn't fit me or didn't like me. I kept the clothes that didn't fit me or didn't like me. I kept the clothes that didn't fit me or didn't like me. I thought, no problem, I'll I thought, no problem, I'll I thought, no problem, I'll give it to someone. But now I don't do that. give it to someone. But now I don't do that. I return all the ones that don't fit me. In one of the previous videos, a I return all the ones that don't fit me. In one of the previous videos, a I return all the ones that don't fit me. In one of the previous videos, a viewer wrote to me that you can reach this limit viewer wrote to me that you can reach this limit viewer wrote to me that you can reach this limit , you can send money. , you can send money. , you can send money. You order so much. First of all, let me You order so much. First of all, let me You order so much. First of all, let me start with the fact that I usually return one or two or three items of the order start with the fact that I usually return one or two or three items of the order start with the fact that I usually return one or two or three items of the order and the money and the money and the money comes back to me. When I reach the limit, there comes back to me. When I reach the limit, there comes back to me. When I reach the limit, there are usually months when I don't are usually months when I don't are usually months when I don't fill my limit at all. I have my fill my limit at all. I have my fill my limit at all. I have my limit, my mother's limit. First of all, limit, my mother's limit. First of all, limit, my mother's limit. First of all, you need to take into account Ruslan's limit, you need to take into account Ruslan's limit, you need to take into account Ruslan's limit, that the clothes are very cheap and that the clothes are very cheap and that the clothes are very cheap and how many clothes can you order for 500 manats? how many clothes can you order for 500 manats? how many clothes can you order for 500 manats? I'm giving this blouse and this skirt too. I I'm giving this blouse and this skirt too. I I'm giving this blouse and this skirt too. I really liked it and ordered it really liked it and ordered it really liked it and ordered it . After I ordered it, the mother . After I ordered it, the mother . After I ordered it, the mother told me that no, it didn't suit you at all, I didn't told me that no, it didn't suit you at all, I didn't told me that no, it didn't suit you at all, I didn't like it, and so on. I said no, like it, and so on. I said no, like it, and so on. I said no, I'll keep it, I won't return it. I'll keep it, I won't return it. I'll keep it, I won't return it. But her word seemed to be  It stayed in my head and for But her word seemed to be  It stayed in my head and for But her word seemed to be  It stayed in my head and for some reason I don't wear it and I think I won't some reason I don't wear it and I think I won't some reason I don't wear it and I think I won't wear it yet. It's better to wear it yet. It's better to wear it yet. It's better to give it to someone so that someone can wear it. It was just that the picture give it to someone so that someone can wear it. It was just that the picture was a more extravagant color than this one. But when it arrived, it was a little pale was a more extravagant color than this one. But when it arrived, it was a little pale was a more extravagant color than this one. But when it arrived, it was a little pale . I wasn't satisfied with that. . I wasn't satisfied with that. . I wasn't satisfied with that. I wear all my clothes quickly. That's why I I wear all my clothes quickly. That's why I I wear all my clothes quickly. That's why I couldn't tie the back completely. couldn't tie the back completely. couldn't tie the back completely. But you understand, But you understand, But you understand, there's a lace on the back like a sneaker. Maybe I'm there's a lace on the back like a sneaker. Maybe I'm there's a lace on the back like a sneaker. Maybe I'm wrong. But it seems to me that wrong. But it seems to me that wrong. But it seems to me that I ordered this blouse from her I ordered this blouse from her I ordered this blouse from her . That is, not this. . That is, not this. . That is, not this. I got this from her too. It's very beautiful. It's of good quality I got this from her too. It's very beautiful. It's of good quality I got this from her too. It's very beautiful. It's of good quality . The top is mesh like this. . The top is mesh like this. . The top is mesh like this. There's a crop underneath. I've worn it a few times, There's a crop underneath. I've worn it a few times, There's a crop underneath. I've worn it a few times, but I don't think I've worn it anywhere in the last year but I don't think I've worn it anywhere in the last year but I don't think I've worn it anywhere in the last year . It's a very, very beautiful thing. . It's a very, very beautiful thing. . It's a very, very beautiful thing. I like it 100%. For example, I like it 100%. For example, I like it 100%. For example, I can't give this type of blouse to a lubo person, I can't give this type of blouse to a lubo person, I can't give this type of blouse to a lubo person, because not everyone wears it like that. That's why because not everyone wears it like that. That's why because not everyone wears it like that. That's why I think clothes should be shown first I think clothes should be shown first I think clothes should be shown first . After showing it, some . After showing it, some . After showing it, some viewer likes someone, and then viewer likes someone, and then viewer likes someone, and then uje  It would be more correct to give it. So, uje  It would be more correct to give it. So, uje  It would be more correct to give it. So, when Kaliva went shopping, I when Kaliva went shopping, I when Kaliva went shopping, I wore this dress. You wore this dress. You wore this dress. You liked it a lot. liked it a lot. liked it a lot. We wrote such beautiful lines that you look like a doll and We wrote such beautiful lines that you look like a doll and We wrote such beautiful lines that you look like a doll and so on. I wore it once and I'm sure so on. I wore it once and I'm sure so on. I wore it once and I'm sure I won't wear it anytime soon. I won't wear it anytime soon. I won't wear it anytime soon. Fashion changes, tastes change. That's why it's Fashion changes, tastes change. That's why it's Fashion changes, tastes change. That's why it's better not to give it to anyone. better not to give it to anyone. better not to give it to anyone. I bought this dress from someone else. This dress I bought this dress from someone else. This dress I bought this dress from someone else. This dress has a story. So I has a story. So I has a story. So I exceeded the limit. I didn't even know about it exceeded the limit. I didn't even know about it exceeded the limit. I didn't even know about it . It ended up in customs. And I had to . It ended up in customs. And I had to . It ended up in customs. And I had to prove to customs that I wasn't bringing it to sell prove to customs that I wasn't bringing it to sell prove to customs that I wasn't bringing it to sell . I ordered it for myself. . I ordered it for myself. . I ordered it for myself. I also said that you see, I also said that you see, I also said that you see, all the dresses are the same size. The size is also S. all the dresses are the same size. The size is also S. all the dresses are the same size. The size is also S. I ordered it myself, so I ordered it for myself I ordered it myself, so I ordered it for myself I ordered it myself, so I ordered it for myself . And there were a . And there were a . And there were a pair of blue earrings in the package. pair of blue earrings in the package. pair of blue earrings in the package. I told the customs officer there that I was planning to wear these blue I told the customs officer there that I was planning to wear these blue I told the customs officer there that I was planning to wear these blue earrings with this blue dress earrings with this blue dress earrings with this blue dress . They didn't charge it as a sale. . They didn't charge it as a sale. . They didn't charge it as a sale. But the duty is that But the duty is that But the duty is that I paid customs as much as I could for that package. I paid customs as much as I could for that package. I paid customs as much as I could for that package. That is, the package cost me twice as much That is, the package cost me twice as much That is, the package cost me twice as much . That's when I learned that customs . That's when I learned that customs . That's when I learned that customs duties are so high. When Trend duties are so high. When Trend started taking new orders from the road, I bought this red dress started taking new orders from the road, I bought this red dress started taking new orders from the road, I bought this red dress to wear in the new year. I wore it that year to wear in the new year. I wore it that year to wear in the new year. I wore it that year . I think it was 2024. I . I think it was 2024. I . I think it was 2024. I wore it then. If you remember another such set wore it then. If you remember another such set wore it then. If you remember another such set , , , I wore this set once when I went to get my nails done I wore this set once when I went to get my nails done I wore this set once when I went to get my nails done . In general, it's very beautiful, . In general, it's very beautiful, . In general, it's very beautiful, girls. I recommend it to you. The pants are girls. I recommend it to you. The pants are girls. I recommend it to you. The pants are quite long. True, the quite long. True, the quite long. True, the pants are not exactly in this video. But pants are not exactly in this video. But pants are not exactly in this video. But if you are over 1.65, it if you are over 1.65, it if you are over 1.65, it will still be for you. I like it very much. It's will still be for you. I like it very much. It's will still be for you. I like it very much. It's stylish. I advise you. I stylish. I advise you. I stylish. I advise you. I say it as if I were selling clothes. You can say it as if I were selling clothes. You can say it as if I were selling clothes. You can wear this with your belly button exposed. But wear this with your belly button exposed. But wear this with your belly button exposed. But I usually wore a blouse underneath I usually wore a blouse underneath I usually wore a blouse underneath . White and then a crop top. . White and then a crop top. . White and then a crop top. But I look at it this way and it's still stylish. But I look at it this way and it's still stylish. But I look at it this way and it's still stylish. Crop top  There is no need. For example, Crop top  There is no need. For example, Crop top  There is no need. For example, girls, I have never worn this black dress girls, I have never worn this black dress girls, I have never worn this black dress . . . I ordered this one and I really I ordered this one and I really I ordered this one and I really liked the picture. But in this dress I liked the picture. But in this dress I liked the picture. But in this dress I feel like I am in a nightgown. I mean feel like I am in a nightgown. I mean feel like I am in a nightgown. I mean , it is pajamas. I , it is pajamas. I , it is pajamas. I can even go to the store in pajamas. I can go to the supermarket can even go to the store in pajamas. I can go to the supermarket can even go to the store in pajamas. I can go to the supermarket . But not this one. . But not this one. . But not this one. It is also very high. We also It is also very high. We also It is also very high. We also live in the windy city. That is why it is live in the windy city. That is why it is live in the windy city. That is why it is uncomfortable. In general, Vidi Faso is uncomfortable. In general, Vidi Faso is uncomfortable. In general, Vidi Faso is not something to wear at all. not something to wear at all. not something to wear at all. That is why I am giving this one away. Again, I am not giving away anything bad That is why I am giving this one away. Again, I am not giving away anything bad That is why I am giving this one away. Again, I am not giving away anything bad . . . There are people who wear it like this. That is, there are people who feel comfortable There are people who wear it like this. That is, there are people who feel comfortable There are people who wear it like this. That is, there are people who feel comfortable . You can wear it to a restaurant by the sea . You can wear it to a restaurant by the sea . You can wear it to a restaurant by the sea and so on. I just don't and so on. I just don't and so on. I just don't wear it and I feel a little uncomfortable myself, wear it and I feel a little uncomfortable myself, wear it and I feel a little uncomfortable myself, so I thought it would be so I thought it would be so I thought it would be better to give it to someone. And I better to give it to someone. And I better to give it to someone. And I was planning to give this one to girls. Then was planning to give this one to girls. Then was planning to give this one to girls. Then I put it on. I looked at myself. I can I put it on. I looked at myself. I can I put it on. I looked at myself. I can wear this and relax when I go on vacation wear this and relax when I go on vacation wear this and relax when I go on vacation . It is so comfortable, so . It is so comfortable, so . It is so comfortable, so beautiful. And I changed my mind and beautiful. And I changed my mind and beautiful. And I changed my mind and decided not to return this widow. Wrong decided not to return this widow. Wrong decided not to return this widow. Wrong If not, I don't If not, I don't If not, I don't think I bought it that cheaply from Markov. But think I bought it that cheaply from Markov. But think I bought it that cheaply from Markov. But the stitching is also very nice. It the stitching is also very nice. It the stitching is also very nice. It has shorts underneath, so it has shorts underneath, so it has shorts underneath, so it won't affect you when the wind blows. won't affect you when the wind blows. won't affect you when the wind blows. I saw the same jumpsuit for 79 manats in New York I saw the same jumpsuit for 79 manats in New York I saw the same jumpsuit for 79 manats in New York . Another chic and lemon . Another chic and lemon . Another chic and lemon jumpsuit. The skirt part of this one is a little jumpsuit. The skirt part of this one is a little jumpsuit. The skirt part of this one is a little short. That is, it's in the shape of a capri. short. That is, it's in the shape of a capri. short. That is, it's in the shape of a capri. The legs are a little short. The material is The legs are a little short. The material is The legs are a little short. The material is not that delicate. It doesn't show the inside. It fits very not that delicate. It doesn't show the inside. It fits very not that delicate. It doesn't show the inside. It fits very nicely. I nicely. I nicely. I generally like it very much. It's just that generally like it very much. It's just that generally like it very much. It's just that lately, I think it's been about two years since lately, I think it's been about two years since lately, I think it's been about two years since I wore it. I only I wore it. I only I wore it. I only wore it once for a birthday. After that, I don't know wore it once for a birthday. After that, I don't know wore it once for a birthday. After that, I don't know why or myself. Because it's why or myself. Because it's why or myself. Because it's a beautiful dress. When it comes to clothes, I'm a widow after all. a beautiful dress. When it comes to clothes, I'm a widow after all. a beautiful dress. When it comes to clothes, I'm a widow after all. And the last one is this skirt. Such And the last one is this skirt. Such And the last one is this skirt. Such material is reflective. I don't material is reflective. I don't material is reflective. I don't recommend such a thing to slightly fat women recommend such a thing to slightly fat women recommend such a thing to slightly fat women , because it makes them look even fatter. , because it makes them look even fatter. , because it makes them look even fatter. I ordered this from her too. I ordered this from her too. I ordered this from her too. In general, before the temu, I always In general, before the temu, I always In general, before the temu, I always bought clothes from her.  Currently, bought clothes from her.  Currently, bought clothes from her.  Currently, I find the theme more convenient. Also I find the theme more convenient. Also I find the theme more convenient. Also , it is very convenient because there is a return policy. , it is very convenient because there is a return policy. , it is very convenient because there is a return policy. The package is subject to smart customs. The package is subject to smart customs. The package is subject to smart customs. For example, it is not. That smart customs is For example, it is not. That smart customs is For example, it is not. That smart customs is not subject to. But you have to take into account that it not subject to. But you have to take into account that it not subject to. But you have to take into account that it fits into the limit. I thought about fits into the limit. I thought about fits into the limit. I thought about how to fold these, how to put them, which how to fold these, how to put them, which how to fold these, how to put them, which clothes with which clothes. Then clothes with which clothes. Then clothes with which clothes. Then I thought that I have these sets of packages I thought that I have these sets of packages I thought that I have these sets of packages . New packages. The clothes look better in them . New packages. The clothes look better in them . New packages. The clothes look better in them . And that's how I divided them. . And that's how I divided them. . And that's how I divided them. Three by three products. Some packages had Three by three products. Some packages had Three by three products. Some packages had more than three products. I more than three products. I more than three products. I had to put one pair of glasses had to put one pair of glasses had to put one pair of glasses and one bag in each package. Actually, and one bag in each package. Actually, and one bag in each package. Actually, I would have put them in now. It's just that the viewers will say that I would have put them in now. It's just that the viewers will say that I would have put them in now. It's just that the viewers will say that I want this dress. I want this dress. I want this dress. I want that bag. There will be a lot of confusion there. That's why I want that bag. There will be a lot of confusion there. That's why I want that bag. There will be a lot of confusion there. That's why I thought that I thought that I thought that I shouldn't put them in yet. I will put them in when I give them. And I shouldn't put them in yet. I will put them in when I give them. And I shouldn't put them in yet. I will put them in when I give them. And girls, the main thing is that there is no delivery. I will give them to girls, the main thing is that there is no delivery. I will give them to girls, the main thing is that there is no delivery. I will give them to whoever is close to me. whoever is close to me. whoever is close to me. Because there are already many people who want them. It happened Because there are already many people who want them. It happened Because there are already many people who want them. It happened to me once. A lady who was one of the first to write to me once. A lady who was one of the first to write to me once. A lady who was one of the first to write wrote. We also clarified wrote. We also clarified wrote. We also clarified what she wanted specifically. Then the lady said what she wanted specifically. Then the lady said what she wanted specifically. Then the lady said that I live in such and such a city in Russia that I live in such and such a city in Russia that I live in such and such a city in Russia . Then when I found out . Then when I found out . Then when I found out how much this costs? She didn't send it to her. how much this costs? She didn't send it to her. how much this costs? She didn't send it to her. I thought it would be better if I sent money I thought it would be better if I sent money I thought it would be better if I sent money . I mean, shipping abroad is so . I mean, shipping abroad is so . I mean, shipping abroad is so expensive. Sometimes it happens that it costs expensive. Sometimes it happens that it costs expensive. Sometimes it happens that it costs us 50-60 manats. I mean, us 50-60 manats. I mean, us 50-60 manats. I mean, these clothes are not worth it. That's why these clothes are not worth it. That's why these clothes are not worth it. That's why I'm thinking of giving them to people who are still in our area I'm thinking of giving them to people who are still in our area I'm thinking of giving them to people who are still in our area . . . I made them all into packages like this. I I made them all into packages like this. I I made them all into packages like this. I got five packages. In general, got five packages. In general, got five packages. In general, the packages I shot from this demo always catch my eye the packages I shot from this demo always catch my eye the packages I shot from this demo always catch my eye . I just wanted to . I just wanted to . I just wanted to put a sticker on each package. But I saw that put a sticker on each package. But I saw that put a sticker on each package. But I saw that my tape was finished. Therefore, I urgently my tape was finished. Therefore, I urgently my tape was finished. Therefore, I urgently need to work on another tape order. need to work on another tape order. need to work on another tape order. That's all for today. Thank you very much for That's all for today. Thank you very much for That's all for today. Thank you very much for watching this vlog until the end. If watching this vlog until the end. If watching this vlog until the end. If you are interested in such videos, write to me in the r section you are interested in such videos, write to me in the r section you are interested in such videos, write to me in the r section . y