Brother, what happened brother, I came after an hour,
sorry, this is Mr. Photographer,
Videographer, DOP, everything in one [laughs] I am
breathing, I am in a lot of pain,
God, what happened to him,
he chewed the entire note that was written on the cake
because he had to
get the clap and show that
his fans had sent it,
brother, this is what I read
from my mouth
[music] Guys, no matter how
busy you are, don't be so busy that
you forget that you had to
cut your nails before the music video, now I will have to
cut them in front of them, friend, anyway guys, we are
passenger trains, so we sit, get off and do the
rest of the
work, friend, so early in the morning,
I sleep [screaming voice]
but I feel I think I have become
intolerant to food, friend, if today
my friend makes me coffee and after
drinking a little milky coffee like this, I always feel like this, I do
n't know, strange. But this was a very
cool disease to have. Sony disease
makes me cool but no friend I take my
words back I do
n't know, it feels like only one or two
brain cells are left in my brain. So I am
utilizing that too so that I can go
inside with a completely empty mind. Because
my hedge is too clutched. Brother, when some poor people
enter at a beautiful time,
someone said we have to go to the basement and the outside
basement,
someone said we have to go to the basement, so this was
meant by basement, now we don't have stairs
in our house, so they
went to the basement below, brother, that is the basement, we will
shoot in the basement today,
guys the setup is already there, we are a bit late,
professional talks, Akanksha
came from Mumbai, welcome to Akanksha,
my friend came from Mumbai. What happens to the friend
? Say hello.
Salam home brother, how did he come from? I
tell my brother, no brother, what is the need for paan
? We don't want to eat betel leaves. Both of them are
sitting pressed. This is
my uncle's paan shop. I can't refuse him. Okay yes. Do
n't you say, will you eat paan? He was speaking with his mouth closed.
Who eats paan?
Newspaper? I am delivering the newspaper right now.
We took uncle's newspaper. And
brother uncle is also taking back the newspaper.
Asking for it back. I threw away the newspaper and came back.
Bye
guys, I'm in full raid mode today. Come on.
Hey brother, it is very hot. I
make it like this. Guys, let me show
you a little bit of my city. This is the Pink City.
This Mr. Photographer Videographer DOP
Everything in one [laughs]
single piece. Brother, it is very hot. I am enjoying the taste here. The
temperature in Jaipur is currently 45°.
Look, they are shooting in 45° temperature.
So Saurabh. Oh yes.
The dedication is real. Right now brother, if
anyone here wants to earn such money then it will be
fine. Which ready was that? No, that
rickshaw.
Rickshaw. We have
given ₹100 to that rickshaw puller for running this distance on half the road.
Hey, they know. This is
his daily business. Yesterday he said that there are
only two rickshaws in the city, those are the pedal rickshaws. The
rest all became e-rickshaws.
So their prices increased a lot.
He fought with pride among one another. Did it yesterday in 20. I will do it for
100 today.
He did it yesterday in 20. You
took yesterday's from me also. Hey brother, what happened brother,
once [laughs]
I just can't leave
where did I see you,
we were just going from where we
saw you, then you looked back like this,
I didn't
say guys finally the shoot is done and I do such running around
every time, right now I
literally have 10 minutes and I have to change all this
and run to the airport otherwise I will
miss my flight. Well, now I have become accustomed to
living like this because every time I
miss two flights, it has become a tradition.
Actually,
I went to Goa on my third flight.
Why?
I thought I had gone to Goa from Bombay.
My flight which had come from Delhi was also
cancelled. It was not cancelled, I missed it and
then I cried so much sitting there because I am
so responsible but today that day did not happen
because I will learn from my mistake.
You should also learn from my mistakes because the
whole world is learning from my mistakes. Ok
Bye. Guys, I will miss my flight
so I have to change quickly. We're going to
some random house. We will
ask them if we can change it at your home
? Because if we go to the cafe, we will get
late, we will
also let you do it, we are going to ask,
you will ask, I will not ask, it was
their idea like the slap
rate look of the saree, so many papads have been sent for the
last moment shoot, I do
n't know in whose house have you landed, brother, is there any
uncle, is there anyone to scold for money, is this
your house here,
friend, I have to change an outfit. Just need to change an outfit.
Yes.
Where are you?
Aunty, she just has to change this saree and
wear another dress. There is no hotel nearby. There
is no washroom etc. here.
Brother, the people of Jaipur are very nice. I will let you do it.
I am talking to you.
This is it brother. You know, we were making me enter a random house like this.
I
said if you don't want to ask someone then ask. Then we had an
aunty. She says come inside, come shoot. Aunty
said send it, where is your stuff?
People of Jaipur take heart.
This is what happens, guys, you gave me your heart, meaning you
left me and went away. Now I am
not off guys, I will talk to you till then and tell you
how everything is going. Is everything okay?
Everyone is judging me. But I love the
outfit. Brother, she looks exactly like the younger daughter-in-law of the house.
This is the Tulsi plant here.
Hello,
where are you going?
Well,
they're bringing a suitcase over there, so I have to
take out my stuff and change [music]. That's
my flight and there are
no hotels nearby.
Yes, all done.
Jai
Mission Successful.
Small children are playing outside. Dude,
where is my jacket?
Which jacket? I don't know, maybe I did
n't bring it from home, will this be a
problem? Yes,
no friend, it may be there, but if you search, you can find even God.
Which car is it?
Sit inside while the cab is being called. Guys
Peak Girl Hood
What should I make for her? You do
n't breathe, do you? You get upset.
Tired of everything, we come to Doraemon
because he has the
secret of our heart.
Magic Pocket.
Guys, Shubhangi is unwell
so she was searching for a hospital, while lying down we were
shortlisting the hospital, she said that
this one is good, it is an emergency, she is dying, she is
half dead, she is not able to get up, she
said to him that this one is not aesthetic, the other one
in Mumbai does
not look very beautiful to
me [laughs] my clinic does not look beautiful,
in Mumbai doctors are
not available after 12:00, there is some problem here, I am finding out.
So I called one of them and she said,
no ma'am, I am not there after 12:00 and
I don't know about Monday also. Today is
Saturday, so I don't know about Monday either, neither
on weekdays nor on weekends,
Mumbai is very bad, I mean someone must be dying, so don't
die between 12:00 and 6,
yes, die later or earlier, die after
6:00
or before 12:00, but okay, some such
aesthetic white, clean girl aesthetic
hospital, the
white one is visible, but one which is
aesthetic, such a nice hospital,
everything is visible, I mean, just step in, oh yes, there are
those plants, those IKEA plants,
yes, sofa bed
sofa, that bubble bed one, all that, so see,
now when I wait, something like this will happen,
brother, it will be interesting,
see that too, how many inches is that mattress, there are
two spongy ones in it,
how can you put me on it, I will sit
yes, otherwise I will bring water, guys,
I heard that every dog ​​has its day,
when will this one's day come,
look at its condition, it has become like a tanker after drinking water [laughs],
this is the process of ultrasound, the process of
ultrasound
sound, that you get a lot of Have to
drink water. Now I am
not able to drink water. He specifically said
that you should drink so much water that your stomach becomes tight and
you are at that point where you are being called a book.
Now let's try one thing.
No
friend, I will have to drink water again after two hours.
This cannot happen. My mind is strong. It
won't be possible bro. It will not be possible. I am
telling this to your bladder.
I am a bladder. The bladder says today, oh
my gall bladder, there is some problem in my gall bladder, when
I am upset then nothing works in my
mind, at that time my language
works [music] at that time if my body works then that is enough
now think how much water should I drink, how much should I
fill my stomach, I have
drunk the whole bottle brother, I have
not drunk this much water in the last three days, it means if I do
not drink then
you only eat sweets, when you wake up in the morning you eat two sweets, when you
sleep at night you eat sweets, when you wake up
in the day you eat two sweets, at night
by chance [music] if you open your eyes in between you
eat sweets. She just
eats cake cake cake cake.
Cake's [laughs]
oh
this is dirty [screaming sound] guys,
I have come here without taking a bath or washing my face.
Leave everything, I will take a bath, so don't
meet anyone today.
Thinking about something strange. Why have I taken bath?
I don't look like one. I am sick. She has
not bathed. Look at this, it seems as if I do
n't know how ready it is. [laughs]
I went to sleep in this getup and woke up in it. She
slept in jeans and came back in jeans, brother.
I'll get the jacket now. Two
is all right. You assume it is Akanksha Chaudhary.
This means she will not wear a night suit.
[sound of clearing throat] I fall
asleep with my makeup on. Four new papers every day.
[laughs] I do
n't know what's going on, man.
I will have to pay attention. Otherwise what is happening to me today. Keep quiet.
I am talking about the stomach. It's about my stomach,
Babu. You should pay attention to all this beauty of your skin.
Hey, I had to order gas. Wait
guys.
Stop it guys.
Vlog my snap is your vlog.
Yes, okay.
So guys, I have been having a strange pain in my stomach for the last
two-three days.
So I am looking for good clinics for my ultrasound. I am
not able to find anything in Mumbai. Good
hospitals are saying take an appointment first.
I will get this and that after two days. So I came here after
searching for something and it was such a shady place. And
after that now I thought I said let's get out of here.
She is asking why are you throwing me out from here
? I said I will go to Porsche Colony.
I will write there ultrasound
near me. She said that she would park her car in the middle of the houses of rich people
and then
search near me to see if she could find someone with a
Porsche, then she would find a
good clinic there. I do
n't know what kind of clinic it was. They are lying outside, there
is garbage. [laughs]
Guys sanitary pads, the
pads are lying around like this. I
mean
I would tell this. Who
knows where she has reached. Look, someone
[MUSIC] has put their foot down. She asks,
where did you see me?
I went to see for myself why I was looking at it.
[laughs] Can
anyone find a hospital in that collab? [laughs]
Guys, I can't find it now. We will
post the story. Thinking please reach [music]
out. One collab
one stomach stone [laughs] Guys
this is me breathing. I am feeling a lot of pain.
God, what happened to him? [laughter]
New Life here it is. New life, you
need to move here. Oh,
this doesn't look good either. Leave it, friend. Oh, this is what
you were looking for. Hey, everyone is like this
brother. There they will give you some idea.
We will go to Porch Colony. Let's go.
How? She came back after getting
all these tests done. Nothing.
Why does it hurt? Why is it hurting
? I don't understand. But I forgot, friend.
What was my joke? I remembered it before the camera.
No, I mean what should I do now? Earlier there was
pain in the lower abdomen. Then now I have come up
here. Now I mean where is the pain going
?
What happened to him? I am
breathing. Pain very sudden pain.
Do you know how you will be right? [Music] You
stop watching TV.
Where do I watch TV? Have you ever seen me?
Stop running f. This happened because of that.
Actually, I came to know
what problem I was facing.
I am getting stressed while selecting your photo.
Stomach pain starts. When you
say that I get labor as a gift.
I have been posting for the last four-five hours. Haven't
put it in yet. You know, I posted it again
and it didn't happen again. The
whole thing was undone again. Anyway guys nothing has happened to him. I do
n't know how this will be correct.
I thought you Mumb Devi, come on.
Mamma Devi walks near him. Let's
go straight there. Let us go. It was
my fan's. [laughs]
This is my fans' cake. I would have taken it inside.
Today I am wearing a night suit, it is
dry cleaned, forget that, I was taking
bath inside the house and I understood
that he
gave me a chance outside to say that he will
charge me later, guys, this
charge is guys, I came to know
inside the
washroom that something has happened, he did it
with my gift, I did not know that he would go so far
and he would have done such a
bad thing with me. Sanjay is
not like that.
No devil, you keep quiet. Today this angel will speak. Do
you have trust issues with the devil?
Or after the last to last don't session I do.
Then it's fine have them. [laughs]
But he
chewed up the whole note on the cake. Because he had to
get claps and show
that it was sent by his fans. But its fans did
not send it.
You show the proof, your fans have sent it.
What is this you are doing? Show me the proof
that your fans [laughs] sent it. My
love and my
which guy is which roadie? What kind of bread? I am
unable to digest what my fans sent me today in love.
Brother, what kind of pose have you started giving? What kind of fake am I
brother? [laughs]
My brother, you ate the cake and he did
n't even take a photo of that thing, man.
I made a snap. Very nice looking. It should be
written Snap Usp.
Whoever has brought a gift for me, Pooja.
A lot of people love it.
Tell me something so special for me, friend.
Wow,
mom from behind [laughs]
brother, you are so mean. Now stop and let me
take his photo. Whatever is left is
his. Brother, look, I am getting messages.
No one has even a penny's worth of shame.
Everyone in this house has eaten the cake here. And this open
cake is lying here. There was something written in it,
guys, which I will never be able to understand
because this fat man has eaten it all.
Guys my fans have loved me,
your fans,
my audience of 1.3 million, my love,
my people, love you too. Guys, you should also
see that the internet is so fake.
How fake are your loves, my friends?
I have Teddy [laughs]. Will
you sleep while studying?
My baby boy, his name is Teddy.
Bring this and here is your
Chindi Roadie. [laughter]
Chindi speed chal. Chindi Tara
and so cute, she had given me a
note, a
₹100 note,
where is that, she was
saying change your heel, something like that was written,
where is that, where is that note, this is the one lying torn
below, hey, it is
not a note, it is the electricity bill,
then it is fine, that bill of
my house has been deducted, it comes
now tell me where is that note, there was
no note in it, nothing was
written here, I had just done the testing,
okay [laughs]
in testing, everything, name, trace, everything was
erased.
I made Mom a Mother's Day cake for Mother.
[laughter] How did you survive?
What are you saying?
What were you saying aunty? No, no, to aunty.
Sharif seduced my mother and made me sit.
Aunty, it was I who took it.
Your mother gave you this gift.
Then what did you just say? I wo
n't tell you about the cake.
So when I opened it, I saw which one was written.
Usagi started licking it.
[laughs] There
was a chocolate cake on him, I cleaned it and I did
n't stop him [laughs]
He doesn't listen to his mother, he is such a
dirty boy,
I told him not to tease him [laughs]
brother, then he said I will take the menam thing,
yes menam with which I can erase the proof that this cake has
come for him,
how did it reach you, forget about the cake coming for you, are
these real flowers aunty,
Happy Mother's Day,
thank you son,
look, these have come for you, guys,
we are celebrating from everywhere. Thank you for the cake. Guys
saved money. 400 cake gifts for mom
and this is a thank you from all our fans and from both of us to
everyone.
Your mommy was
successful and came too. [laughter]
Our daughter is getting sick. Yes, he
eats something and
takes a cake for her. Now [laughs]
first pick up the photo and let me take the photo. Funny To
Not Be Recorded. I was doing her eye
makeup, guys. Our girl is going for the shoot.
[laughter] So I said, brother,
my brush is bigger than your eyes, as you
can see. Look, this is its eye, this is
my brush. Don't say anything about my speaking eyes.
What did you say then?
I said, don't say anything about my eyes. There has been a
lot of garbage. [laughter]
His brib case has been broken for three days.
[laughter] I ca
n't figure it out. What all has she got done with MRI?
And he can see the black eyes. Do
n't worry son.
These days I have not started hitting the ball on my stomach. I will slip out
of your hands. [laughter] Do
n't blink. Guys people say
what kind of influencer I am. What
can I influence people to do or what are
my nails doing today. Ma'am just told me
[laughs] that
she has her She's a Nail Tech. I do not
even know. Now he told me should I do
stellatives? I said that is a
heel. So I said no, that is the shape.
I just found out about that too.
But I have inspired her that she will
keep her nail length like this from now on, meaning she should
tell someone that I am not a good
influence on people. Don't keep the gullumba.
Guys, look at that insect. [laughs] If she
dies this time, she will die on camera. Guys, I don't know
what the condition of both of them is. I don't know if he is
unwell [laughs] or if he has any illness. It remains lying
like insects every day.
Hey
guys, it's Mother's Day, so mommy, mommy.
[laughter] There used to be
Father's Day. Right now Papa is saying Papa. Guys, just now
Shubhangi and I were going somewhere for
dinner. I have come down.
I can hear them all screaming. I have given a
very big party to Maka, please
whom have you given the party to,
I have also written for Shubhangi didi, Yogesh's
picture, yes sorry sorry, let's take the picture,
yes take it, take it, she will
blow you away right now, guys, I
mean, how difficult can it be for people to
understand that brother, we live in the same building
and we had come here to eat, I do
n't know what, people have made my phone cover viral.
We came to eat together. I came to
call him. Yes guys.
And yes, I was at the same house. Brother, I was behind him and
he was cutting his cake, so I charged up and
sat inside thinking that when he gets free, he will come
quickly.
Guys now it's a small world.
Or Anybody Can Be Anywhere.
But guys, sometimes the reality is very
simple. This much is proof. This happened,
that happened, all that happened, it should not be done.
So now look, our sins have come before us.
Vogue was on, but you said
hi to the Vogue guys.
What a great thing Akanksha ji's YouTube channel is.
Hi Guys. So I am in Kolkata right now.
And I heard that
Puchkas are great in Kolkata, friend. They are
very crazy. So then I
ordered it. So let's try Puchka. But
how do I set it up? All right. So we are
going to try some Puchkas over here Kolkata
edition. I don't have any cutlery,
I will have to eat it like this,
but today the finale just went on air
and Gullu and Kara have won, our desi
munda and videshi mundi [laughs]
so I am not happy like this today, but they must be having a lot of
fun there, I will
call them right now, I have not done it, but I am very
happy for them, finally the show is over,
but I am not really sure that for people the show is
over yet, or for one thing, it is
so uncomfortable in nails. Also guys I am
shifting a lot, I have shifted a lot and
while shifting I have broken my nail.
And yesterday so much blood had overflowed from
this, brother, but when I came, I was so busy
that today I will
complete all my household work. [MUSIC] How do I say
the math is not mathing. Oh my brother, this is
not happening. How should I do it?
Brother, by the way, oh brother, how much chilli is there. Brother, there are
green chillies in it.
[laughter] There's nothing
sweet either.
But I think Kolkata's puchka are very similar
to Jaipur's puchka. Like me, in my childhood, the
Puchka wala bhaiya used to come outside my apartment, not exactly Puchka, but Pani Pata, so guys, there is a
Puchka
party going on before the event. By the way, Puchkas of Kolkata are
quite
similar to Puchkas of Jaipur. So nice collaboration guys.
brother, I have seen a little more wealth
today because what is this this is are you
selling this [laughter]
brother, how much did you give this for
Arshad Khan
Arshad Khan's Arshad
Ashad is my little brother
little brother how much is this you are the big brother this
is
brother turn on the light there is
no light there is
no light wait but
button [laughter]
where are the
shoes here [laughter] star of the show star
of the night
brother should
I show you this
I will show you wait come here come here
brother this is just
from your mouth
so sorry
[laughter] is the
shoe from your mouth did I say this
brother [laughter]
she is looking here you will get shoes of every colour
tell you which colour it is we are selling one for 50 lakhs which
colour do you want colour which colour do
you want
50 likes Vanshu yes not the pair Vanshu 50
likes I have added
ma'am I am thinking even if we
commit theft no one will know who
Which phone should I buy, how will
they know from where, they will
not even remember how many people live at home,
where is CC
Everywhere,
where is the
blogger, after seeing all these I remember that I
also blog, you are doing it
with the running camera,
look sir, look at your pants today and
you liked those pants, right, I am
wearing these Japanese pants, today you are not wearing them everywhere
[laughs] there is a naked
mouse, whose mouse is it,
whose is it, so
I have said a funny thing in my vlog that
they will talk nonsense about my content [laughs]
oh I am naked, naked, then
people would
not wake me up in the morning.
Damru, come, I am getting late.
