Brother, what happened brother, I came after an hour, Brother, what happened brother, I came after an hour, Brother, what happened brother, I came after an hour, sorry, this is Mr. Photographer, sorry, this is Mr. Photographer, sorry, this is Mr. Photographer, Videographer, DOP, everything in one [laughs] I am Videographer, DOP, everything in one [laughs] I am Videographer, DOP, everything in one [laughs] I am breathing, I am in a lot of pain, breathing, I am in a lot of pain, breathing, I am in a lot of pain, God, what happened to him, God, what happened to him, God, what happened to him, he chewed the entire note that was written on the cake he chewed the entire note that was written on the cake he chewed the entire note that was written on the cake because he had to because he had to because he had to get the clap and show that get the clap and show that get the clap and show that his fans had sent it, brother, this is what I read brother, this is what I read brother, this is what I read from my mouth from my mouth from my mouth [music] Guys, no matter how [music] Guys, no matter how [music] Guys, no matter how busy you are, don't be so busy that busy you are, don't be so busy that busy you are, don't be so busy that you forget that you had to you forget that you had to you forget that you had to cut your nails before the music video, now I will have to cut your nails before the music video, now I will have to cut your nails before the music video, now I will have to cut them in front of them, friend, anyway guys, we are cut them in front of them, friend, anyway guys, we are cut them in front of them, friend, anyway guys, we are passenger trains, so we sit, get off and do the passenger trains, so we sit, get off and do the passenger trains, so we sit, get off and do the rest of the rest of the rest of the work, friend, so early in the morning, work, friend, so early in the morning, work, friend, so early in the morning, I sleep [screaming voice] I sleep [screaming voice] I sleep [screaming voice] but I feel I think I have become but I feel I think I have become but I feel I think I have become intolerant to food, friend, if today intolerant to food, friend, if today intolerant to food, friend, if today my friend makes me coffee and after my friend makes me coffee and after my friend makes me coffee and after drinking a little milky coffee like this, I always feel like this, I do drinking a little milky coffee like this, I always feel like this, I do drinking a little milky coffee like this, I always feel like this, I do n't know, strange.  But this was a very n't know, strange.  But this was a very n't know, strange.  But this was a very cool disease to have.  Sony disease cool disease to have.  Sony disease cool disease to have.  Sony disease makes me cool but no friend I take my makes me cool but no friend I take my makes me cool but no friend I take my words back I do words back I do words back I do n't know, it feels like only one or two n't know, it feels like only one or two n't know, it feels like only one or two brain cells are left in my brain.  So I am brain cells are left in my brain.  So I am brain cells are left in my brain.  So I am utilizing that too so that I can go utilizing that too so that I can go utilizing that too so that I can go inside with a completely empty mind.  Because inside with a completely empty mind.  Because inside with a completely empty mind.  Because my hedge is too clutched.  Brother, when some poor people my hedge is too clutched.  Brother, when some poor people my hedge is too clutched.  Brother, when some poor people enter at a beautiful time, enter at a beautiful time, enter at a beautiful time, someone said we have to go to the basement and the outside someone said we have to go to the basement and the outside someone said we have to go to the basement and the outside basement, basement, basement, someone said we have to go to the basement, so this was someone said we have to go to the basement, so this was someone said we have to go to the basement, so this was meant by basement, now we don't have stairs meant by basement, now we don't have stairs meant by basement, now we don't have stairs in our house, so they in our house, so they in our house, so they went to the basement below, brother, that is the basement, we will went to the basement below, brother, that is the basement, we will went to the basement below, brother, that is the basement, we will shoot in the basement today, shoot in the basement today, shoot in the basement today, guys the setup is already there, we are a bit late, guys the setup is already there, we are a bit late, guys the setup is already there, we are a bit late, professional talks, Akanksha professional talks, Akanksha professional talks, Akanksha came from Mumbai, welcome to Akanksha, came from Mumbai, welcome to Akanksha, came from Mumbai, welcome to Akanksha, my friend came from Mumbai.  What happens to the friend my friend came from Mumbai.  What happens to the friend my friend came from Mumbai.  What happens to the friend ?   Say hello. ?   Say hello. Salam home brother, how did he come from?  I Salam home brother, how did he come from?  I Salam home brother, how did he come from?  I tell my brother, no brother, what is the need for paan tell my brother, no brother, what is the need for paan tell my brother, no brother, what is the need for paan ?  We don't want to eat betel leaves.  Both of them are ?  We don't want to eat betel leaves.  Both of them are ?  We don't want to eat betel leaves.  Both of them are sitting pressed.  This is sitting pressed.  This is sitting pressed.  This is my uncle's paan shop.  I can't refuse him.   Okay yes.   Do my uncle's paan shop.  I can't refuse him.   Okay yes.   Do n't you say, will you eat paan?  He was speaking with his mouth closed. n't you say, will you eat paan?  He was speaking with his mouth closed. n't you say, will you eat paan?  He was speaking with his mouth closed. Who eats paan? Who eats paan? Who eats paan? Newspaper?  I am delivering the newspaper right now. Newspaper?  I am delivering the newspaper right now. Newspaper?  I am delivering the newspaper right now. We took uncle's newspaper.  And We took uncle's newspaper.  And We took uncle's newspaper.  And brother uncle is also taking back the newspaper. brother uncle is also taking back the newspaper. brother uncle is also taking back the newspaper. Asking for it back.  I threw away the newspaper and came back. Asking for it back.  I threw away the newspaper and came back. Asking for it back.  I threw away the newspaper and came back. Bye Bye Bye guys, I'm in full raid mode today.   Come on. guys, I'm in full raid mode today.   Come on. Hey brother, it is very hot.   I Hey brother, it is very hot.   I Hey brother, it is very hot.   I make it like this.  Guys, let me show make it like this.  Guys, let me show make it like this.  Guys, let me show you a little bit of my city.  This is the Pink City. you a little bit of my city.  This is the Pink City. you a little bit of my city.  This is the Pink City. This Mr. Photographer Videographer DOP This Mr. Photographer Videographer DOP This Mr. Photographer Videographer DOP Everything in one [laughs] Everything in one [laughs] Everything in one [laughs] single piece.  Brother, it is very hot.  I am enjoying the taste here.  The single piece.  Brother, it is very hot.  I am enjoying the taste here.  The temperature in Jaipur is currently 45°. temperature in Jaipur is currently 45°. temperature in Jaipur is currently 45°. Look, they are shooting in 45° temperature. Look, they are shooting in 45° temperature. Look, they are shooting in 45° temperature. So Saurabh.   Oh yes. So Saurabh.   Oh yes. The dedication is real.  Right now brother, if The dedication is real.  Right now brother, if The dedication is real.  Right now brother, if anyone here wants to earn such money then it will be anyone here wants to earn such money then it will be anyone here wants to earn such money then it will be fine.  Which ready was that?  No, that fine.  Which ready was that?  No, that fine.  Which ready was that?  No, that rickshaw. rickshaw. rickshaw. Rickshaw.  We have Rickshaw.  We have Rickshaw.  We have given ₹100 to that rickshaw puller for running this distance on half the road. given ₹100 to that rickshaw puller for running this distance on half the road. given ₹100 to that rickshaw puller for running this distance on half the road. Hey, they know.   This is Hey, they know.   This is Hey, they know.   This is his daily business.  Yesterday he said that there are his daily business.  Yesterday he said that there are his daily business.  Yesterday he said that there are only two rickshaws in the city, those are the pedal rickshaws.  The only two rickshaws in the city, those are the pedal rickshaws.  The only two rickshaws in the city, those are the pedal rickshaws.  The rest all became e-rickshaws. rest all became e-rickshaws. rest all became e-rickshaws. So their prices increased a lot. So their prices increased a lot. So their prices increased a lot. He fought with pride among one another.  Did it yesterday in 20.  I will do it for He fought with pride among one another.  Did it yesterday in 20.  I will do it for He fought with pride among one another.  Did it yesterday in 20.  I will do it for 100 today. 100 today. 100 today. He did it yesterday in 20.  You He did it yesterday in 20.  You He did it yesterday in 20.  You took yesterday's from me also.  Hey brother, what happened brother, took yesterday's from me also.  Hey brother, what happened brother, took yesterday's from me also.  Hey brother, what happened brother, once [laughs] once [laughs] once [laughs] I just can't leave I just can't leave I just can't leave where did I see you, where did I see you, where did I see you, we were just going from where we we were just going from where we we were just going from where we saw you, then you looked back like this, saw you, then you looked back like this, saw you, then you looked back like this, I didn't say guys finally the shoot is done and I do such running around say guys finally the shoot is done and I do such running around say guys finally the shoot is done and I do such running around every time, right now I every time, right now I every time, right now I literally have 10 minutes and I have to change all this literally have 10 minutes and I have to change all this literally have 10 minutes and I have to change all this and run to the airport otherwise I will and run to the airport otherwise I will and run to the airport otherwise I will miss my flight.  Well, now I have become accustomed to miss my flight.  Well, now I have become accustomed to miss my flight.  Well, now I have become accustomed to living like this because every time I living like this because every time I living like this because every time I miss two flights, it has become a tradition. miss two flights, it has become a tradition. Actually, Actually, Actually, I went to Goa on my third flight. I went to Goa on my third flight. I went to Goa on my third flight. Why? Why? Why? I thought I had gone to Goa from Bombay. I thought I had gone to Goa from Bombay. I thought I had gone to Goa from Bombay. My flight which had come from Delhi was also My flight which had come from Delhi was also My flight which had come from Delhi was also cancelled.  It was not cancelled, I missed it and cancelled.  It was not cancelled, I missed it and cancelled.  It was not cancelled, I missed it and then I cried so much sitting there because I am then I cried so much sitting there because I am then I cried so much sitting there because I am so responsible but today that day did not happen so responsible but today that day did not happen so responsible but today that day did not happen because I will learn from my mistake. because I will learn from my mistake. because I will learn from my mistake. You should also learn from my mistakes because the You should also learn from my mistakes because the You should also learn from my mistakes because the whole world is learning from my mistakes.   Ok whole world is learning from my mistakes.   Ok whole world is learning from my mistakes.   Ok Bye.  Guys, I will miss my flight Bye.  Guys, I will miss my flight Bye.  Guys, I will miss my flight so I have to change quickly.  We're going to so I have to change quickly.  We're going to so I have to change quickly.  We're going to some random house.  We will some random house.  We will some random house.  We will ask them if we can change it at your home ask them if we can change it at your home ask them if we can change it at your home ?  Because if we go to the cafe, we will get ?  Because if we go to the cafe, we will get ?  Because if we go to the cafe, we will get late, we will late, we will late, we will also let you do it, we are going to ask, also let you do it, we are going to ask, also let you do it, we are going to ask, you will ask, I will not ask, it was you will ask, I will not ask, it was you will ask, I will not ask, it was their idea like the slap their idea like the slap their idea like the slap rate look of the saree, so many papads have been sent for the rate look of the saree, so many papads have been sent for the rate look of the saree, so many papads have been sent for the last moment shoot, I do last moment shoot, I do last moment shoot, I do n't know in whose house have you landed, brother, is there any n't know in whose house have you landed, brother, is there any n't know in whose house have you landed, brother, is there any uncle, is there anyone to scold for money, is this uncle, is there anyone to scold for money, is this your house here, your house here, your house here, friend, I have to change an outfit.  Just need to change an outfit. friend, I have to change an outfit.  Just need to change an outfit. Yes. Yes. Yes. Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Aunty, she just has to change this saree and Aunty, she just has to change this saree and Aunty, she just has to change this saree and wear another dress.  There is no hotel nearby.   There wear another dress.  There is no hotel nearby.   There wear another dress.  There is no hotel nearby.   There is no washroom etc. here. is no washroom etc. here. is no washroom etc. here. Brother, the people of Jaipur are very nice.  I will let you do it. Brother, the people of Jaipur are very nice.  I will let you do it. Brother, the people of Jaipur are very nice.  I will let you do it. I am talking to you. I am talking to you. I am talking to you. This is it brother.  You know, we were making me enter a random house like this. This is it brother.  You know, we were making me enter a random house like this. This is it brother.  You know, we were making me enter a random house like this. I I I said if you don't want to ask someone then ask.  Then we had an said if you don't want to ask someone then ask.  Then we had an said if you don't want to ask someone then ask.  Then we had an aunty.  She says come inside, come shoot.  Aunty aunty.  She says come inside, come shoot.  Aunty aunty.  She says come inside, come shoot.  Aunty said send it, where is your stuff? said send it, where is your stuff? said send it, where is your stuff? People of Jaipur take heart. People of Jaipur take heart. People of Jaipur take heart. This is what happens, guys, you gave me your heart, meaning you This is what happens, guys, you gave me your heart, meaning you This is what happens, guys, you gave me your heart, meaning you left me and went away.  Now I am left me and went away.  Now I am left me and went away.  Now I am not off guys, I will talk to you till then and tell you not off guys, I will talk to you till then and tell you not off guys, I will talk to you till then and tell you how everything is going.  Is everything okay? how everything is going.  Is everything okay? how everything is going.  Is everything okay? Everyone is judging me.  But I love the Everyone is judging me.  But I love the Everyone is judging me.  But I love the outfit.  Brother, she looks exactly like the younger daughter-in-law of the house. outfit.  Brother, she looks exactly like the younger daughter-in-law of the house. outfit.  Brother, she looks exactly like the younger daughter-in-law of the house. This is the Tulsi plant here. This is the Tulsi plant here. This is the Tulsi plant here. Hello, Hello, Hello, where are you going? where are you going? where are you going? Well, Well, Well, they're bringing a suitcase over there, so I have to they're bringing a suitcase over there, so I have to they're bringing a suitcase over there, so I have to take out my stuff and change [music].  That's take out my stuff and change [music].  That's take out my stuff and change [music].  That's my flight and there are my flight and there are my flight and there are no hotels nearby. Yes, all done. Yes, all done. Yes, all done. Jai Jai Jai Mission Successful. Mission Successful. Mission Successful. Small children are playing outside.  Dude, Small children are playing outside.  Dude, Small children are playing outside.  Dude, where is my jacket? where is my jacket? where is my jacket? Which jacket?  I don't know, maybe I did Which jacket?  I don't know, maybe I did Which jacket?  I don't know, maybe I did n't bring it from home, will this be a n't bring it from home, will this be a n't bring it from home, will this be a problem?  Yes, problem?  Yes, problem?  Yes, no friend, it may be there, but if you search, you can find even God. no friend, it may be there, but if you search, you can find even God. no friend, it may be there, but if you search, you can find even God. Which car is it? Which car is it? Which car is it? Sit inside while the cab is being called.  Guys Sit inside while the cab is being called.  Guys Sit inside while the cab is being called.  Guys Peak Girl Hood Peak Girl Hood Peak Girl Hood What should I make for her?   You do What should I make for her?   You do What should I make for her?   You do n't breathe, do you?  You get upset. n't breathe, do you?  You get upset. n't breathe, do you?  You get upset. Tired of everything, we come to Doraemon Tired of everything, we come to Doraemon Tired of everything, we come to Doraemon because he has the because he has the because he has the secret of our heart. secret of our heart. secret of our heart. Magic Pocket. Magic Pocket. Magic Pocket. Guys, Shubhangi is unwell Guys, Shubhangi is unwell Guys, Shubhangi is unwell so she was searching for a hospital, while lying down we were so she was searching for a hospital, while lying down we were so she was searching for a hospital, while lying down we were shortlisting the hospital, she said that shortlisting the hospital, she said that shortlisting the hospital, she said that this one is good, it is an emergency, she is dying, she is this one is good, it is an emergency, she is dying, she is this one is good, it is an emergency, she is dying, she is half dead, she is not able to get up, she half dead, she is not able to get up, she half dead, she is not able to get up, she said to him that this one is not aesthetic, the other one said to him that this one is not aesthetic, the other one said to him that this one is not aesthetic, the other one in Mumbai does in Mumbai does in Mumbai does not look very beautiful to not look very beautiful to not look very beautiful to me [laughs] my clinic does not look beautiful, me [laughs] my clinic does not look beautiful, me [laughs] my clinic does not look beautiful, in Mumbai doctors are in Mumbai doctors are in Mumbai doctors are not available after 12:00, there is some problem here, I am finding out. not available after 12:00, there is some problem here, I am finding out. not available after 12:00, there is some problem here, I am finding out. So I called one of them and she said, So I called one of them and she said, So I called one of them and she said, no ma'am, I am not there after 12:00 and no ma'am, I am not there after 12:00 and no ma'am, I am not there after 12:00 and I don't know about Monday also.  Today is I don't know about Monday also.  Today is I don't know about Monday also.  Today is Saturday, so I don't know about Monday either, neither Saturday, so I don't know about Monday either, neither Saturday, so I don't know about Monday either, neither on weekdays nor on weekends, on weekdays nor on weekends, on weekdays nor on weekends, Mumbai is very bad, I mean someone must be dying, so don't Mumbai is very bad, I mean someone must be dying, so don't Mumbai is very bad, I mean someone must be dying, so don't die between 12:00 and 6, die between 12:00 and 6, die between 12:00 and 6, yes, die later or earlier, die after yes, die later or earlier, die after yes, die later or earlier, die after 6:00 6:00 6:00 or before 12:00, but okay, some such or before 12:00, but okay, some such or before 12:00, but okay, some such aesthetic white, clean girl aesthetic aesthetic white, clean girl aesthetic aesthetic white, clean girl aesthetic hospital, the hospital, the hospital, the white one is visible, but one which is white one is visible, but one which is white one is visible, but one which is aesthetic, such a nice hospital, aesthetic, such a nice hospital, aesthetic, such a nice hospital, everything is visible, I mean, just step in, oh yes, there are everything is visible, I mean, just step in, oh yes, there are everything is visible, I mean, just step in, oh yes, there are those plants, those IKEA plants, those plants, those IKEA plants, those plants, those IKEA plants, yes, sofa bed yes, sofa bed yes, sofa bed sofa, that bubble bed one, all that, so see, sofa, that bubble bed one, all that, so see, sofa, that bubble bed one, all that, so see, now when I wait, something like this will happen, now when I wait, something like this will happen, now when I wait, something like this will happen, brother, it will be interesting, brother, it will be interesting, brother, it will be interesting, see that too, how many inches is that mattress, there are see that too, how many inches is that mattress, there are see that too, how many inches is that mattress, there are two spongy ones in it, two spongy ones in it, two spongy ones in it, how can you put me on it, I will sit how can you put me on it, I will sit how can you put me on it, I will sit yes, otherwise I will bring water, guys, yes, otherwise I will bring water, guys, yes, otherwise I will bring water, guys, I heard that every dog ​​has its day, I heard that every dog ​​has its day, I heard that every dog ​​has its day, when will this one's day come, when will this one's day come, when will this one's day come, look at its condition, it has become like a tanker after drinking water [laughs], look at its condition, it has become like a tanker after drinking water [laughs], this is the process of ultrasound, the process of this is the process of ultrasound, the process of this is the process of ultrasound, the process of ultrasound ultrasound ultrasound sound, that you get a lot of  Have to sound, that you get a lot of  Have to sound, that you get a lot of  Have to drink water.  Now I am drink water.  Now I am drink water.  Now I am not able to drink water.  He specifically said not able to drink water.  He specifically said not able to drink water.  He specifically said that you should drink so much water that your stomach becomes tight and that you should drink so much water that your stomach becomes tight and that you should drink so much water that your stomach becomes tight and you are at that point where you are being called a book. you are at that point where you are being called a book. Now let's try one thing. Now let's try one thing. Now let's try one thing. No No No friend, I will have to drink water again after two hours. This cannot happen.  My mind is strong.   It This cannot happen.  My mind is strong.   It This cannot happen.  My mind is strong.   It won't be possible bro.  It will not be possible.   I am won't be possible bro.  It will not be possible.   I am won't be possible bro.  It will not be possible.   I am telling this to your bladder. telling this to your bladder. telling this to your bladder. I am a bladder.  The bladder says today, oh I am a bladder.  The bladder says today, oh I am a bladder.  The bladder says today, oh my gall bladder, there is some problem in my gall bladder, when my gall bladder, there is some problem in my gall bladder, when I am upset then nothing works in my I am upset then nothing works in my I am upset then nothing works in my mind, at that time my language mind, at that time my language mind, at that time my language works [music] at that time if my body works then that is enough works [music] at that time if my body works then that is enough now think how much water should I drink, how much should I now think how much water should I drink, how much should I now think how much water should I drink, how much should I fill my stomach, I have fill my stomach, I have fill my stomach, I have drunk the whole bottle brother, I have drunk the whole bottle brother, I have drunk the whole bottle brother, I have not drunk this much water in the last three days, it means if I do not drunk this much water in the last three days, it means if I do not drunk this much water in the last three days, it means if I do not drink then not drink then not drink then you only eat sweets, when you wake up in the morning you eat two sweets, when you you only eat sweets, when you wake up in the morning you eat two sweets, when you you only eat sweets, when you wake up in the morning you eat two sweets, when you sleep at night you eat sweets, when you wake up sleep at night you eat sweets, when you wake up sleep at night you eat sweets, when you wake up in the day you eat two sweets, at night in the day you eat two sweets, at night in the day you eat two sweets, at night by chance [music] if you open your eyes in between you by chance [music] if you open your eyes in between you by chance [music] if you open your eyes in between you eat sweets.  She just eat sweets.  She just eat sweets.  She just eats cake cake cake cake. eats cake cake cake cake. eats cake cake cake cake. Cake's [laughs] Cake's [laughs] Cake's [laughs] oh oh oh this is dirty [screaming sound] guys, I have come here without taking a bath or washing my face. I have come here without taking a bath or washing my face. Leave everything, I will take a bath, so don't Leave everything, I will take a bath, so don't Leave everything, I will take a bath, so don't meet anyone today. meet anyone today. meet anyone today. Thinking about something strange.  Why have I taken bath? Thinking about something strange.  Why have I taken bath? Thinking about something strange.  Why have I taken bath? I don't look like one.  I am sick.  She has I don't look like one.  I am sick.  She has I don't look like one.  I am sick.  She has not bathed.  Look at this, it seems as if I do not bathed.  Look at this, it seems as if I do not bathed.  Look at this, it seems as if I do n't know how ready it is.  [laughs] n't know how ready it is.  [laughs] n't know how ready it is.  [laughs] I went to sleep in this getup and woke up in it.  She I went to sleep in this getup and woke up in it.  She I went to sleep in this getup and woke up in it.  She slept in jeans and came back in jeans, brother. slept in jeans and came back in jeans, brother. slept in jeans and came back in jeans, brother. I'll get the jacket now.  Two I'll get the jacket now.  Two I'll get the jacket now.  Two is all right.  You assume it is Akanksha Chaudhary. is all right.  You assume it is Akanksha Chaudhary. is all right.  You assume it is Akanksha Chaudhary. This means she will not wear a night suit. This means she will not wear a night suit. This means she will not wear a night suit. [sound of clearing throat] I fall [sound of clearing throat] I fall [sound of clearing throat] I fall asleep with my makeup on.  Four new papers every day. asleep with my makeup on.  Four new papers every day. asleep with my makeup on.  Four new papers every day. [laughs] I do [laughs] I do [laughs] I do n't know what's going on, man. n't know what's going on, man. n't know what's going on, man. I will have to pay attention.  Otherwise what is happening to me today.   Keep quiet. I will have to pay attention.  Otherwise what is happening to me today.   Keep quiet. I am talking about the stomach.  It's about my stomach, I am talking about the stomach.  It's about my stomach, I am talking about the stomach.  It's about my stomach, Babu.  You should pay attention to all this beauty of your skin. Babu.  You should pay attention to all this beauty of your skin. Babu.  You should pay attention to all this beauty of your skin. Hey, I had to order gas.  Wait Hey, I had to order gas.  Wait Hey, I had to order gas.  Wait guys. guys. guys. Stop it guys. Stop it guys. Stop it guys. Vlog my snap is your vlog. Vlog my snap is your vlog. Vlog my snap is your vlog. Yes, okay. Yes, okay. Yes, okay. So guys, I have been having a strange pain in my stomach for the last So guys, I have been having a strange pain in my stomach for the last So guys, I have been having a strange pain in my stomach for the last two-three days. two-three days. two-three days. So I am looking for good clinics for my ultrasound.  I am So I am looking for good clinics for my ultrasound.  I am not able to find anything in Mumbai.  Good not able to find anything in Mumbai.  Good not able to find anything in Mumbai.  Good hospitals are saying take an appointment first. hospitals are saying take an appointment first. hospitals are saying take an appointment first. I will get this and that after two days.  So I came here after I will get this and that after two days.  So I came here after I will get this and that after two days.  So I came here after searching for something and it was such a shady place.  And searching for something and it was such a shady place.  And searching for something and it was such a shady place.  And after that now I thought I said let's get out of here. after that now I thought I said let's get out of here. after that now I thought I said let's get out of here. She is asking why are you throwing me out from here She is asking why are you throwing me out from here She is asking why are you throwing me out from here ?  I said I will go to Porsche Colony. ?  I said I will go to Porsche Colony. ?  I said I will go to Porsche Colony. I will write there ultrasound I will write there ultrasound I will write there ultrasound near me.  She said that she would park her car in the middle of the houses of rich people near me.  She said that she would park her car in the middle of the houses of rich people near me.  She said that she would park her car in the middle of the houses of rich people and then and then and then search near me to see if she could find someone with a search near me to see if she could find someone with a search near me to see if she could find someone with a Porsche, then she would find a Porsche, then she would find a Porsche, then she would find a good clinic there.   I do good clinic there.   I do good clinic there.   I do n't know what kind of clinic it was.  They are lying outside, there n't know what kind of clinic it was.  They are lying outside, there n't know what kind of clinic it was.  They are lying outside, there is garbage.  [laughs] is garbage.  [laughs] is garbage.  [laughs] Guys sanitary pads, the Guys sanitary pads, the Guys sanitary pads, the pads are lying around like this.   I pads are lying around like this.   I pads are lying around like this.   I mean mean mean I would tell this.   Who I would tell this.   Who I would tell this.   Who knows where she has reached.  Look, someone knows where she has reached.  Look, someone knows where she has reached.  Look, someone [MUSIC] has put their foot down.  She asks, [MUSIC] has put their foot down.  She asks, [MUSIC] has put their foot down.  She asks, where did you see me? where did you see me? where did you see me? I went to see for myself why I was looking at it. I went to see for myself why I was looking at it. I went to see for myself why I was looking at it. [laughs] Can [laughs] Can anyone find a hospital in that collab?  [laughs] anyone find a hospital in that collab?  [laughs] anyone find a hospital in that collab?  [laughs] Guys, I can't find it now.  We will Guys, I can't find it now.  We will Guys, I can't find it now.  We will post the story.  Thinking please reach [music] post the story.  Thinking please reach [music] post the story.  Thinking please reach [music] out.  One collab out.  One collab out.  One collab one stomach stone [laughs] Guys one stomach stone [laughs] Guys one stomach stone [laughs] Guys this is me breathing.  I am feeling a lot of pain. this is me breathing.  I am feeling a lot of pain. God, what happened to him?  [laughter] God, what happened to him?  [laughter] God, what happened to him?  [laughter] New Life here it is.  New life, you New Life here it is.  New life, you New Life here it is.  New life, you need to move here.   Oh, need to move here.   Oh, need to move here.   Oh, this doesn't look good either.  Leave it, friend.   Oh, this is what this doesn't look good either.  Leave it, friend.   Oh, this is what this doesn't look good either.  Leave it, friend.   Oh, this is what you were looking for.  Hey, everyone is like this you were looking for.  Hey, everyone is like this you were looking for.  Hey, everyone is like this brother.  There they will give you some idea. brother.  There they will give you some idea. We will go to Porch Colony.  Let's go. We will go to Porch Colony.  Let's go. We will go to Porch Colony.  Let's go. How?   She came back after getting all these tests done.  Nothing. all these tests done.  Nothing. all these tests done.  Nothing. Why does it hurt?  Why is it hurting Why does it hurt?  Why is it hurting Why does it hurt?  Why is it hurting ?  I don't understand.  But I forgot, friend. ?  I don't understand.  But I forgot, friend. ?  I don't understand.  But I forgot, friend. What was my joke?  I remembered it before the camera. What was my joke?  I remembered it before the camera. No, I mean what should I do now?  Earlier there was No, I mean what should I do now?  Earlier there was No, I mean what should I do now?  Earlier there was pain in the lower abdomen.  Then now I have come up pain in the lower abdomen.  Then now I have come up pain in the lower abdomen.  Then now I have come up here.  Now I mean where is the pain going here.  Now I mean where is the pain going here.  Now I mean where is the pain going ? ? ? What happened to him?   I am What happened to him?   I am What happened to him?   I am breathing.  Pain very sudden pain. breathing.  Pain very sudden pain. breathing.  Pain very sudden pain. Do you know how you will be right?  [Music] You Do you know how you will be right?  [Music] You Do you know how you will be right?  [Music] You stop watching TV. stop watching TV. stop watching TV. Where do I watch TV?  Have you ever seen me? Where do I watch TV?  Have you ever seen me? Where do I watch TV?  Have you ever seen me? Stop running f.  This happened because of that. Stop running f.  This happened because of that. Stop running f.  This happened because of that. Actually, I came to know Actually, I came to know Actually, I came to know what problem I was facing. what problem I was facing. what problem I was facing. I am getting stressed while selecting your photo. I am getting stressed while selecting your photo. I am getting stressed while selecting your photo. Stomach pain starts.  When you Stomach pain starts.  When you Stomach pain starts.  When you say that I get labor as a gift. say that I get labor as a gift. say that I get labor as a gift. I have been posting for the last four-five hours.  Haven't I have been posting for the last four-five hours.  Haven't I have been posting for the last four-five hours.  Haven't put it in yet.  You know, I posted it again put it in yet.  You know, I posted it again put it in yet.  You know, I posted it again and it didn't happen again.  The and it didn't happen again.  The and it didn't happen again.  The whole thing was undone again.  Anyway guys nothing has happened to him.  I do whole thing was undone again.  Anyway guys nothing has happened to him.  I do whole thing was undone again.  Anyway guys nothing has happened to him.  I do n't know how this will be correct. n't know how this will be correct. n't know how this will be correct. I thought you Mumb Devi, come on. I thought you Mumb Devi, come on. I thought you Mumb Devi, come on. Mamma Devi walks near him.   Let's Mamma Devi walks near him.   Let's Mamma Devi walks near him.   Let's go straight there.  Let us go.   It was go straight there.  Let us go.   It was go straight there.  Let us go.   It was my fan's.  [laughs] my fan's.  [laughs] my fan's.  [laughs] This is my fans' cake.  I would have taken it inside. This is my fans' cake.  I would have taken it inside. This is my fans' cake.  I would have taken it inside. Today I am wearing a night suit, it is Today I am wearing a night suit, it is Today I am wearing a night suit, it is dry cleaned, forget that, I was taking dry cleaned, forget that, I was taking dry cleaned, forget that, I was taking bath inside the house and I understood bath inside the house and I understood bath inside the house and I understood that he that he that he gave me a chance outside to say that he will gave me a chance outside to say that he will gave me a chance outside to say that he will charge me later, guys, this charge me later, guys, this charge me later, guys, this charge is guys, I came to know charge is guys, I came to know charge is guys, I came to know inside the inside the inside the washroom that something has happened, he did it washroom that something has happened, he did it washroom that something has happened, he did it with my gift, I did not know that he would go so far with my gift, I did not know that he would go so far with my gift, I did not know that he would go so far and he would have done such a and he would have done such a and he would have done such a bad thing with me.  Sanjay is bad thing with me.  Sanjay is bad thing with me.  Sanjay is not like that. not like that. not like that. No devil, you keep quiet.  Today this angel will speak.   Do No devil, you keep quiet.  Today this angel will speak.   Do No devil, you keep quiet.  Today this angel will speak.   Do you have trust issues with the devil? you have trust issues with the devil? you have trust issues with the devil? Or after the last to last don't session I do. Or after the last to last don't session I do. Or after the last to last don't session I do. Then it's fine have them.  [laughs] Then it's fine have them.  [laughs] Then it's fine have them.  [laughs] But he But he But he chewed up the whole note on the cake.  Because he had to chewed up the whole note on the cake.  Because he had to chewed up the whole note on the cake.  Because he had to get claps and show get claps and show get claps and show that it was sent by his fans.  But its fans did that it was sent by his fans.  But its fans did that it was sent by his fans.  But its fans did not send it. not send it. not send it. You show the proof, your fans have sent it. You show the proof, your fans have sent it. You show the proof, your fans have sent it. What is this you are doing?  Show me the proof What is this you are doing?  Show me the proof What is this you are doing?  Show me the proof that your fans [laughs] sent it.  My that your fans [laughs] sent it.  My that your fans [laughs] sent it.  My love and my love and my love and my which guy is which roadie?  What kind of bread?   I am which guy is which roadie?  What kind of bread?   I am unable to digest what my fans sent me today in love. unable to digest what my fans sent me today in love. unable to digest what my fans sent me today in love. Brother, what kind of pose have you started giving? What kind of fake am I Brother, what kind of pose have you started giving? What kind of fake am I Brother, what kind of pose have you started giving? What kind of fake am I brother?  [laughs] brother?  [laughs] brother?  [laughs] My brother, you ate the cake and he did My brother, you ate the cake and he did My brother, you ate the cake and he did n't even take a photo of that thing, man. n't even take a photo of that thing, man. n't even take a photo of that thing, man. I made a snap.  Very nice looking.   It should be I made a snap.  Very nice looking.   It should be I made a snap.  Very nice looking.   It should be written Snap Usp. written Snap Usp. written Snap Usp. Whoever has brought a gift for me, Pooja. Whoever has brought a gift for me, Pooja. Whoever has brought a gift for me, Pooja. A lot of people love it. A lot of people love it. A lot of people love it. Tell me something so special for me, friend. Tell me something so special for me, friend. Tell me something so special for me, friend. Wow, Wow, Wow, mom from behind [laughs] brother, you are so mean.  Now stop and let me brother, you are so mean.  Now stop and let me brother, you are so mean.  Now stop and let me take his photo.  Whatever is left is take his photo.  Whatever is left is take his photo.  Whatever is left is his.  Brother, look, I am getting messages. his.  Brother, look, I am getting messages. his.  Brother, look, I am getting messages. No one has even a penny's worth of shame. No one has even a penny's worth of shame. No one has even a penny's worth of shame. Everyone in this house has eaten the cake here.  And this open Everyone in this house has eaten the cake here.  And this open Everyone in this house has eaten the cake here.  And this open cake is lying here.  There was something written in it, cake is lying here.  There was something written in it, cake is lying here.  There was something written in it, guys, which I will never be able to understand guys, which I will never be able to understand guys, which I will never be able to understand because this fat man has eaten it all. because this fat man has eaten it all. because this fat man has eaten it all. Guys my fans have loved me, Guys my fans have loved me, Guys my fans have loved me, your fans, your fans, your fans, my audience of 1.3 million, my love, my audience of 1.3 million, my love, my audience of 1.3 million, my love, my people, love you too.  Guys, you should also my people, love you too.  Guys, you should also my people, love you too.  Guys, you should also see that the internet is so fake. see that the internet is so fake. see that the internet is so fake. How fake are your loves, my friends? How fake are your loves, my friends? How fake are your loves, my friends? I have Teddy [laughs].   Will I have Teddy [laughs].   Will I have Teddy [laughs].   Will you sleep while studying? you sleep while studying? you sleep while studying? My baby boy, his name is Teddy. My baby boy, his name is Teddy. My baby boy, his name is Teddy. Bring this and here is your Bring this and here is your Bring this and here is your Chindi Roadie.  [laughter] Chindi Roadie.  [laughter] Chindi Roadie.  [laughter] Chindi speed chal.  Chindi Tara Chindi speed chal.  Chindi Tara Chindi speed chal.  Chindi Tara and so cute, she had given me a and so cute, she had given me a and so cute, she had given me a note, a note, a note, a ₹100 note, ₹100 note, ₹100 note, where is that, she was where is that, she was where is that, she was saying change your heel, something like that was written, saying change your heel, something like that was written, saying change your heel, something like that was written, where is that, where is that note, this is the one lying torn where is that, where is that note, this is the one lying torn where is that, where is that note, this is the one lying torn below, hey, it is below, hey, it is below, hey, it is not a note, it is the electricity bill, not a note, it is the electricity bill, not a note, it is the electricity bill, then it is fine, that bill of then it is fine, that bill of then it is fine, that bill of my house has been deducted, it comes my house has been deducted, it comes my house has been deducted, it comes now tell me where is that note, there was now tell me where is that note, there was now tell me where is that note, there was no note in it, nothing was no note in it, nothing was no note in it, nothing was written here, I had just done the testing, written here, I had just done the testing, written here, I had just done the testing, okay [laughs] okay [laughs] okay [laughs] in testing, everything, name, trace, everything was in testing, everything, name, trace, everything was in testing, everything, name, trace, everything was erased. erased. erased. I made Mom a Mother's Day cake for Mother. I made Mom a Mother's Day cake for Mother. I made Mom a Mother's Day cake for Mother. [laughter] How did you survive? [laughter] How did you survive? [laughter] How did you survive? What are you saying? What are you saying? What are you saying? What were you saying aunty?  No, no, to aunty. What were you saying aunty?  No, no, to aunty. What were you saying aunty?  No, no, to aunty. Sharif seduced my mother and made me sit. Sharif seduced my mother and made me sit. Sharif seduced my mother and made me sit. Aunty, it was I who took it. Aunty, it was I who took it. Aunty, it was I who took it. Your mother gave you this gift. Your mother gave you this gift. Your mother gave you this gift. Then what did you just say?  I wo Then what did you just say?  I wo Then what did you just say?  I wo n't tell you about the cake. n't tell you about the cake. n't tell you about the cake. So when I opened it, I saw which one was written. So when I opened it, I saw which one was written. So when I opened it, I saw which one was written. Usagi started licking it. Usagi started licking it. Usagi started licking it. [laughs] There [laughs] There [laughs] There was a chocolate cake on him, I cleaned it and I did was a chocolate cake on him, I cleaned it and I did was a chocolate cake on him, I cleaned it and I did n't stop him [laughs] n't stop him [laughs] n't stop him [laughs] He doesn't listen to his mother, he is such a He doesn't listen to his mother, he is such a He doesn't listen to his mother, he is such a dirty boy, dirty boy, dirty boy, I told him not to tease him [laughs] I told him not to tease him [laughs] I told him not to tease him [laughs] brother, then he said I will take the menam thing, brother, then he said I will take the menam thing, yes menam with which I can erase the proof that this cake has yes menam with which I can erase the proof that this cake has yes menam with which I can erase the proof that this cake has come for him, come for him, come for him, how did it reach you, forget about the cake coming for you, are how did it reach you, forget about the cake coming for you, are these real flowers aunty, these real flowers aunty, these real flowers aunty, Happy Mother's Day, Happy Mother's Day, Happy Mother's Day, thank you son, thank you son, thank you son, look, these have come for you, guys, look, these have come for you, guys, look, these have come for you, guys, we are celebrating from everywhere.  Thank you for the cake.  Guys we are celebrating from everywhere.  Thank you for the cake.  Guys we are celebrating from everywhere.  Thank you for the cake.  Guys saved money.  400 cake gifts for mom saved money.  400 cake gifts for mom saved money.  400 cake gifts for mom and this is a thank you from all our fans and from both of us to and this is a thank you from all our fans and from both of us to and this is a thank you from all our fans and from both of us to everyone. everyone. everyone. Your mommy was Your mommy was Your mommy was successful and came too.  [laughter] successful and came too.  [laughter] successful and came too.  [laughter] Our daughter is getting sick.  Yes, he Our daughter is getting sick.  Yes, he Our daughter is getting sick.  Yes, he eats something and eats something and eats something and takes a cake for her.  Now [laughs] takes a cake for her.  Now [laughs] takes a cake for her.  Now [laughs] first pick up the photo and let me take the photo.  Funny To first pick up the photo and let me take the photo.  Funny To first pick up the photo and let me take the photo.  Funny To Not Be Recorded.  I was doing her eye Not Be Recorded.  I was doing her eye Not Be Recorded.  I was doing her eye makeup, guys.  Our girl is going for the shoot. makeup, guys.  Our girl is going for the shoot. makeup, guys.  Our girl is going for the shoot. [laughter] So I said, brother, [laughter] So I said, brother, [laughter] So I said, brother, my brush is bigger than your eyes, as you my brush is bigger than your eyes, as you my brush is bigger than your eyes, as you can see.  Look, this is its eye, this is can see.  Look, this is its eye, this is can see.  Look, this is its eye, this is my brush.  Don't say anything about my speaking eyes. my brush.  Don't say anything about my speaking eyes. my brush.  Don't say anything about my speaking eyes. What did you say then? What did you say then? What did you say then? I said, don't say anything about my eyes.  There has been a I said, don't say anything about my eyes.  There has been a I said, don't say anything about my eyes.  There has been a lot of garbage.  [laughter] His brib case has been broken for three days. His brib case has been broken for three days. His brib case has been broken for three days. [laughter] I ca [laughter] I ca [laughter] I ca n't figure it out.  What all has she got done with MRI? n't figure it out.  What all has she got done with MRI? n't figure it out.  What all has she got done with MRI? And he can see the black eyes.  Do And he can see the black eyes.  Do And he can see the black eyes.  Do n't worry son. n't worry son. n't worry son. These days I have not started hitting the ball on my stomach.   I will slip out These days I have not started hitting the ball on my stomach.   I will slip out These days I have not started hitting the ball on my stomach.   I will slip out of your hands.  [laughter] Do of your hands.  [laughter] Do of your hands.  [laughter] Do n't blink.  Guys people say n't blink.  Guys people say n't blink.  Guys people say what kind of influencer I am.  What what kind of influencer I am.  What what kind of influencer I am.  What can I influence people to do or what are can I influence people to do or what are can I influence people to do or what are my nails doing today.  Ma'am just told me my nails doing today.  Ma'am just told me my nails doing today.  Ma'am just told me [laughs] that [laughs] that [laughs] that she has her She's a Nail Tech.  I do not she has her She's a Nail Tech.  I do not she has her She's a Nail Tech.  I do not even know.  Now he told me should I do even know.  Now he told me should I do even know.  Now he told me should I do stellatives?  I said that is a stellatives?  I said that is a stellatives?  I said that is a heel.  So I said no, that is the shape. heel.  So I said no, that is the shape. heel.  So I said no, that is the shape. I just found out about that too. I just found out about that too. I just found out about that too. But I have inspired her that she will But I have inspired her that she will But I have inspired her that she will keep her nail length like this from now on, meaning she should keep her nail length like this from now on, meaning she should keep her nail length like this from now on, meaning she should tell someone that I am not a good tell someone that I am not a good tell someone that I am not a good influence on people.  Don't keep the gullumba. influence on people.  Don't keep the gullumba. influence on people.  Don't keep the gullumba. Guys, look at that insect.  [laughs] If she dies this time, she will die on camera.  Guys, I don't know dies this time, she will die on camera.  Guys, I don't know dies this time, she will die on camera.  Guys, I don't know what the condition of both of them is.  I don't know if he is what the condition of both of them is.  I don't know if he is what the condition of both of them is.  I don't know if he is unwell [laughs] or if he has any illness.  It remains lying unwell [laughs] or if he has any illness.  It remains lying unwell [laughs] or if he has any illness.  It remains lying like insects every day. like insects every day. Hey Hey Hey guys, it's Mother's Day, so mommy, mommy. guys, it's Mother's Day, so mommy, mommy. guys, it's Mother's Day, so mommy, mommy. [laughter] There used to be Father's Day.  Right now Papa is saying Papa.   Guys, just now Father's Day.  Right now Papa is saying Papa.   Guys, just now Shubhangi and I were going somewhere for Shubhangi and I were going somewhere for Shubhangi and I were going somewhere for dinner.  I have come down. dinner.  I have come down. dinner.  I have come down. I can hear them all screaming.   I have given a very big party to Maka, please very big party to Maka, please very big party to Maka, please whom have you given the party to, whom have you given the party to, whom have you given the party to, I have also written for Shubhangi didi, Yogesh's I have also written for Shubhangi didi, Yogesh's I have also written for Shubhangi didi, Yogesh's picture, yes sorry sorry, let's take the picture, picture, yes sorry sorry, let's take the picture, picture, yes sorry sorry, let's take the picture, yes take it, take it, she will yes take it, take it, she will yes take it, take it, she will blow you away right now, guys, I blow you away right now, guys, I blow you away right now, guys, I mean, how difficult can it be for people to mean, how difficult can it be for people to mean, how difficult can it be for people to understand that brother, we live in the same building understand that brother, we live in the same building understand that brother, we live in the same building and we had come here to eat, I do and we had come here to eat, I do and we had come here to eat, I do n't know what, people have made my phone cover viral. n't know what, people have made my phone cover viral. n't know what, people have made my phone cover viral. We came to eat together.  I came to We came to eat together.  I came to We came to eat together.  I came to call him.   Yes guys. call him.   Yes guys. And yes, I was at the same house.  Brother, I was behind him and And yes, I was at the same house.  Brother, I was behind him and And yes, I was at the same house.  Brother, I was behind him and he was cutting his cake, so I charged up and he was cutting his cake, so I charged up and he was cutting his cake, so I charged up and sat inside thinking that when he gets free, he will come sat inside thinking that when he gets free, he will come sat inside thinking that when he gets free, he will come quickly. quickly. quickly. Guys now it's a small world. Guys now it's a small world. Guys now it's a small world. Or Anybody Can Be Anywhere. Or Anybody Can Be Anywhere. Or Anybody Can Be Anywhere. But guys, sometimes the reality is very But guys, sometimes the reality is very But guys, sometimes the reality is very simple.  This much is proof.  This happened, simple.  This much is proof.  This happened, simple.  This much is proof.  This happened, that happened, all that happened, it should not be done. that happened, all that happened, it should not be done. that happened, all that happened, it should not be done. So now look, our sins have come before us. So now look, our sins have come before us. So now look, our sins have come before us. Vogue was on, but you said Vogue was on, but you said Vogue was on, but you said hi to the Vogue guys. hi to the Vogue guys. hi to the Vogue guys. What a great thing Akanksha ji's YouTube channel is. What a great thing Akanksha ji's YouTube channel is. What a great thing Akanksha ji's YouTube channel is. Hi Guys.  So I am in Kolkata right now. Hi Guys.  So I am in Kolkata right now. Hi Guys.  So I am in Kolkata right now. And I heard that And I heard that And I heard that Puchkas are great in Kolkata, friend.   They are Puchkas are great in Kolkata, friend.   They are Puchkas are great in Kolkata, friend.   They are very crazy.  So then I very crazy.  So then I very crazy.  So then I ordered it.  So let's try Puchka.  But ordered it.  So let's try Puchka.  But ordered it.  So let's try Puchka.  But how do I set it up?  All right.  So we are how do I set it up?  All right.  So we are how do I set it up?  All right.  So we are going to try some Puchkas over here Kolkata going to try some Puchkas over here Kolkata going to try some Puchkas over here Kolkata edition.  I don't have any cutlery, edition.  I don't have any cutlery, edition.  I don't have any cutlery, I will have to eat it like this, I will have to eat it like this, I will have to eat it like this, but today the finale just went on air but today the finale just went on air but today the finale just went on air and Gullu and Kara have won, our desi and Gullu and Kara have won, our desi and Gullu and Kara have won, our desi munda and videshi mundi [laughs] munda and videshi mundi [laughs] munda and videshi mundi [laughs] so I am not happy like this today, but they must be having a lot of so I am not happy like this today, but they must be having a lot of so I am not happy like this today, but they must be having a lot of fun there, I will fun there, I will fun there, I will call them right now, I have not done it, but I am very call them right now, I have not done it, but I am very call them right now, I have not done it, but I am very happy for them, finally the show is over, happy for them, finally the show is over, happy for them, finally the show is over, but I am not really sure that for people the show is but I am not really sure that for people the show is but I am not really sure that for people the show is over yet, or for one thing, it is over yet, or for one thing, it is over yet, or for one thing, it is so uncomfortable in nails.  Also guys I am so uncomfortable in nails.  Also guys I am so uncomfortable in nails.  Also guys I am shifting a lot, I have shifted a lot and shifting a lot, I have shifted a lot and shifting a lot, I have shifted a lot and while shifting I have broken my nail. while shifting I have broken my nail. while shifting I have broken my nail. And yesterday so much blood had overflowed from And yesterday so much blood had overflowed from And yesterday so much blood had overflowed from this, brother, but when I came, I was so busy this, brother, but when I came, I was so busy this, brother, but when I came, I was so busy that today I will that today I will that today I will complete all my household work.  [MUSIC] How do I say complete all my household work.  [MUSIC] How do I say the math is not mathing.  Oh my brother, this is the math is not mathing.  Oh my brother, this is the math is not mathing.  Oh my brother, this is not happening.  How should I do it? Brother, by the way, oh brother, how much chilli is there.  Brother, there are Brother, by the way, oh brother, how much chilli is there.  Brother, there are Brother, by the way, oh brother, how much chilli is there.  Brother, there are green chillies in it. green chillies in it. green chillies in it. [laughter] There's nothing sweet either. sweet either. sweet either. But I think Kolkata's puchka are very similar But I think Kolkata's puchka are very similar But I think Kolkata's puchka are very similar to Jaipur's puchka.  Like me, in my childhood, the to Jaipur's puchka.  Like me, in my childhood, the Puchka wala bhaiya used to come outside my apartment, not exactly Puchka, but Pani Pata, so guys, there is a Puchka wala bhaiya used to come outside my apartment, not exactly Puchka, but Pani Pata, so guys, there is a Puchka wala bhaiya used to come outside my apartment, not exactly Puchka, but Pani Pata, so guys, there is a Puchka Puchka Puchka party going on before the event.  By the way, Puchkas of Kolkata are party going on before the event.  By the way, Puchkas of Kolkata are party going on before the event.  By the way, Puchkas of Kolkata are quite quite similar to Puchkas of Jaipur.  So nice collaboration guys. similar to Puchkas of Jaipur.  So nice collaboration guys. similar to Puchkas of Jaipur.  So nice collaboration guys. brother, I have seen a little more wealth brother, I have seen a little more wealth brother, I have seen a little more wealth today because what is this this is are you today because what is this this is are you selling this [laughter] selling this [laughter] selling this [laughter] brother, how much did you give this for brother, how much did you give this for brother, how much did you give this for Arshad Khan Arshad Khan Arshad Khan Arshad Khan's Arshad Arshad Khan's Arshad Arshad Khan's Arshad Ashad is my little brother Ashad is my little brother Ashad is my little brother little brother how much is this you are the big brother this little brother how much is this you are the big brother this little brother how much is this you are the big brother this is is is brother turn on the light there is brother turn on the light there is brother turn on the light there is no light there is no light there is no light there is no light wait but no light wait but no light wait but button [laughter] button [laughter] button [laughter] where are the where are the where are the shoes here [laughter] star of the show star shoes here [laughter] star of the show star shoes here [laughter] star of the show star of the night of the night of the night brother should brother should brother should I show you this I show you this I show you this I will show you wait come here come here I will show you wait come here come here I will show you wait come here come here brother this is just brother this is just brother this is just from your mouth from your mouth from your mouth so sorry so sorry so sorry [laughter] is the [laughter] is the [laughter] is the shoe from your mouth did I say this shoe from your mouth did I say this shoe from your mouth did I say this brother [laughter] brother [laughter] brother [laughter] she is looking here you will get shoes of every colour she is looking here you will get shoes of every colour she is looking here you will get shoes of every colour tell you which colour it is we are selling one for 50 lakhs which tell you which colour it is we are selling one for 50 lakhs which tell you which colour it is we are selling one for 50 lakhs which colour do you want colour which colour do colour do you want colour which colour do colour do you want colour which colour do you want you want you want 50 likes Vanshu yes not the pair Vanshu 50 50 likes Vanshu yes not the pair Vanshu 50 50 likes Vanshu yes not the pair Vanshu 50 likes I have added likes I have added likes I have added ma'am I am thinking even if we ma'am I am thinking even if we ma'am I am thinking even if we commit theft no one will know who commit theft no one will know who commit theft no one will know who Which phone should I buy, how will Which phone should I buy, how will Which phone should I buy, how will they know from where, they will they know from where, they will they know from where, they will not even remember how many people live at home, not even remember how many people live at home, not even remember how many people live at home, where is CC where is CC where is CC Everywhere, Everywhere, Everywhere, where is the where is the where is the blogger, after seeing all these I remember that I blogger, after seeing all these I remember that I blogger, after seeing all these I remember that I also blog, you are doing it also blog, you are doing it also blog, you are doing it with the running camera, with the running camera, with the running camera, look sir, look at your pants today and look sir, look at your pants today and look sir, look at your pants today and you liked those pants, right, I am you liked those pants, right, I am you liked those pants, right, I am wearing these Japanese pants, today you are not wearing them everywhere wearing these Japanese pants, today you are not wearing them everywhere [laughs] there is a naked [laughs] there is a naked [laughs] there is a naked mouse, whose mouse is it, mouse, whose mouse is it, mouse, whose mouse is it, whose is it, so whose is it, so whose is it, so I have said a funny thing in my vlog that I have said a funny thing in my vlog that I have said a funny thing in my vlog that they will talk nonsense about my content [laughs] they will talk nonsense about my content [laughs] they will talk nonsense about my content [laughs] oh I am naked, naked, then oh I am naked, naked, then oh I am naked, naked, then people would not wake me up in the morning. not wake me up in the morning. not wake me up in the morning. Damru, come, I am getting late.