On 15th August, we went to Muniya's school to On 15th August, we went to Muniya's school to On 15th August, we went to Muniya's school to eat laddus and when our turn came, the eat laddus and when our turn came, the eat laddus and when our turn came, the laddus were finished.  So friends, today is laddus were finished.  So friends, today is laddus were finished.  So friends, today is 15th August, Bharat Mata ki 15th August, Bharat Mata ki 15th August, Bharat Mata ki Jai.   That's Jai.   That's Jai.   That's why Munia was ready wearing the fairy dress why Munia was ready wearing the fairy dress why Munia was ready wearing the fairy dress and was asking me to drop her to school. and was asking me to drop her to school. and was asking me to drop her to school. But just now Papa had plucked ladyfinger from the field, But just now Papa had plucked ladyfinger from the field, But just now Papa had plucked ladyfinger from the field, which Mummy washes with water which Mummy washes with water which Mummy washes with water and asks me to hold the sack.  He said and asks me to hold the sack.  He said and asks me to hold the sack.  He said that father will go to sell it.  Rest of the that father will go to sell it.  Rest of the that father will go to sell it.  Rest of the friends, we also found some crooked ladyfingers friends, we also found some crooked ladyfingers friends, we also found some crooked ladyfingers which we gave to Aunty Tuntun to eat, which we gave to Aunty Tuntun to eat, which we gave to Aunty Tuntun to eat, changed our dress and made Munia sit on the bike. We went to changed our dress and made Munia sit on the bike. We went to changed our dress and made Munia sit on the bike. We went to a shop and she was a shop and she was a shop and she was saying, brother, please put a tricolour sticker on my cheek, saying, brother, please put a tricolour sticker on my cheek, saying, brother, please put a tricolour sticker on my cheek, we were about to put it on, when suddenly a we were about to put it on, when suddenly a we were about to put it on, when suddenly a Gandhiji rally of her school Gandhiji rally of her school Gandhiji rally of her school comes, in which Munia also joins, after visiting the comes, in which Munia also joins, after visiting the comes, in which Munia also joins, after visiting the rally she goes back to her school. rally she goes back to her school. rally she goes back to her school. I also went to his school and then took I also went to his school and then took I also went to his school and then took out my drone and started taking drone view of the school.  He out my drone and started taking drone view of the school.  He out my drone and started taking drone view of the school.  He said that Principal Sir will get said that Principal Sir will get said that Principal Sir will get me extra laddus.  But I me extra laddus.  But I me extra laddus.  But I felt bad when the flag was hoisted here felt bad when the flag was hoisted here felt bad when the flag was hoisted here and everyone got laddus.  But when our turn and everyone got laddus.  But when our turn and everyone got laddus.  But when our turn came, the laddus were finished.  It was good came, the laddus were finished.  It was good came, the laddus were finished.  It was good that the brother who distributed it was my subscriber and that the brother who distributed it was my subscriber and that the brother who distributed it was my subscriber and he brought the laddu again and gave it to me. he brought the laddu again and gave it to me. he brought the laddu again and gave it to me.