Assalam walaikum everyone welcome to my Assalam walaikum everyone welcome to my Assalam walaikum everyone welcome to my YouTube channel humara with life pe if you are new YouTube channel humara with life pe if you are new YouTube channel humara with life pe if you are new then subscribe to my channel like then subscribe to my channel like then subscribe to my channel like comment share don't forget to press the bell comment share don't forget to press the bell comment share don't forget to press the bell icon today's beautiful day has started with the icon today's beautiful day has started with the prayer that wherever you are you all remain happy, with this we continue our today's vlog, I have prayer that wherever you are you all remain happy, with this we continue our today's vlog, I have prayer that wherever you are you all remain happy, with this we continue our today's vlog, I have just woken up from sleep, so my just woken up from sleep, so my just woken up from sleep, so my tea is nice, it is raining outside today, I have tea is nice, it is raining outside today, I have tea is nice, it is raining outside today, I have heard how is the weather heard how is the weather heard how is the weather outside, it outside, it outside, it is good, the sunshine has come out is good, the sunshine has come out is good, the sunshine has come out and here I had kept some clothes after washing them. and here I had kept some clothes after washing them. and here I had kept some clothes after washing them. I think I should take a look at them.   Let me I think I should take a look at them.   Let me I think I should take a look at them.   Let me separate them a little.  These do not dry quickly. separate them a little.  These do not dry quickly. separate them a little.  These do not dry quickly. Fahdara [nasal sound] tear the dress, Pakhada rah tear the dress, Pakhada rah tear the dress, Pakhada rah Pakhada rah tear the Pakhada rah tear the Pakhada rah tear the dress, bring the paper and bring it so guys, we are going now, we have to buy clothes for working. so guys, we are going now, we have to buy clothes for working. How is it How is it How is it one day, buy clothes of your choice, comments came, one day, buy clothes of your choice, comments came, one day, buy clothes of your choice, comments came, children bought clothes, they brought their choice, children bought clothes, they brought their choice, children bought clothes, they brought their choice, Eid Eid Eid brought their choice, brought their choice, brought their choice, people praised, you buy clothes, people praised, you buy clothes, you children brought them, you did not bring them, you you children brought them, you did not bring them, you you children brought them, you did not bring them, you only buy your clothes, you choose children, only buy your clothes, you choose children, only buy your clothes, you choose children, drink water, it is very hot drink water, it is very hot drink water, it is very hot today, there is no rush in the market, I am feeling today, there is no rush in the market, I am feeling today, there is no rush in the market, I am feeling hot, so there is hot, so there is hot, so there is hummus, there was hummus earlier also, there is hummus, there was hummus earlier also, there is hummus, there was hummus earlier also, there is breeze, there is breeze, there is breeze, there is no breeze till the square, so there is no breeze, so guys no breeze till the square, so there is no breeze, so guys we have come here and we have got this we have come here and we have got this we have come here and we have got this kind of pair from them, look outside, it is not kind of pair from them, look outside, it is not kind of pair from them, look outside, it is not very long.  He is short in height, right? right? right? Yes, that's right.   That's Yes, that's right.   That's Yes, that's right.   That's right, that's right.  Made a bag and also waved a right, that's right.  Made a bag and also waved a right, that's right.  Made a bag and also waved a little. little. little. How accurate? How accurate? How accurate? How many pairs should I buy? How many pairs should I buy? How many pairs should I buy? Four.   Not the Four.   Not the Four.   Not the same, not same, not same, not different.   Not only this, different.   Not only this, different.   Not only this, but also change the color of this shirt.  Isn't it but also change the color of this shirt.  Isn't it but also change the color of this shirt.  Isn't it ?  I'm liking it. ?  I'm liking it. ?  I'm liking it. This is on the whole. This is on the whole. This is on the whole. It matches perfectly with the paint.  He is saying, turn it towards It matches perfectly with the paint.  He is saying, turn it towards It matches perfectly with the paint.  He is saying, turn it towards me. me. me. They are saying that this is the entire pair, so if the shirt is They are saying that this is the entire pair, so if the shirt is They are saying that this is the entire pair, so if the shirt is changed then the pair will get spoiled.   Okay, that's changed then the pair will get spoiled.   Okay, that's changed then the pair will get spoiled.   Okay, that's fine.  Now how would that one look like that fine.  Now how would that one look like that fine.  Now how would that one look like that brown year. Show this line also in this line.   I am Show this line also in this line.   I am Show this line also in this line.   I am showing it.  How will this pear of ours look in this line showing it.  How will this pear of ours look in this line showing it.  How will this pear of ours look in this line ? ? ? This also looks good, right? This also looks good, right? This also looks good, right? This one is for Fahad, right? This one is for Fahad, right? This one is for Fahad, right? Yes.   Is the Yes.   Is the Yes.   Is the board not long? board not long? board not long? No, it will not be long.   It No, it will not be long.   It No, it will not be long.   It is a little thick.   Take is a little thick.   Take is a little thick.   Take this out for yes. this out for yes. this out for yes. How much is healthy?  It's just like me. How much is healthy?  It's just like me. How much is healthy?  It's just like me. You are smart.   There is You are smart.   There is You are smart.   There is no one to take care of you.  She is my sister. no one to take care of you.  She is my sister. no one to take care of you.  She is my sister. You will come to your place easily.   Please come and You will come to your place easily.   Please come and You will come to your place easily.   Please come and kill me also.  Yours and mine, kill me also.  Yours and mine, kill me also.  Yours and mine, check it, keep it, I don't have a lot of time, I am not able to get it changed, lot of time, I am not able to get it changed, friend, this one is pending, I will wear it later and that one, this one is pending, I will wear it later and that one, this one is pending, I will wear it later and that one, now I have shown some more things, now I have shown some more things, now I have shown some more things, show something good to the baraat, sorry, show something good to the baraat, sorry, show something good to the baraat, sorry, show something good for the wedding, show something good for the wedding, show something good for the wedding, what kind of pair should we have for the wedding, we will what kind of pair should we have for the wedding, we will what kind of pair should we have for the wedding, we will see that, let me show you the baggy t-shirt, show you the baggy t-shirt, show you the baggy t-shirt, how is how is how is this t-shirt, let's see, you are this t-shirt, let's see, you are this t-shirt, let's see, you are right, numbered, baggy, yes, the t-shirt should be right, numbered, baggy, yes, the t-shirt should be right, numbered, baggy, yes, the t-shirt should be open, okay, open, okay, open, okay, okay, a baggy t okay, a baggy t okay, a baggy t -shirt should be worn with a baggy t-shirt, -shirt should be worn with a baggy t-shirt, -shirt should be worn with a baggy t-shirt, okay, it will look good, it will look okay, it will look good, it will look okay, it will look good, it will look good, good, you should know about matching, you should know about matching, yes, you should know about matching, you should know about matching, yes, you should know about your matching, you should know about your matching, you should know about your matching, someone should match it, come on, you decide, match the shirt, give me these you decide, match the shirt, give me these you decide, match the shirt, give me these colors, friend, these colors, friend, these two colors, two colors, two colors, I will show you the shirt, it is a shirting, I will show you the shirt, it is a shirting, check how the fabric is, it is check how the fabric is, it is check how the fabric is, it is stretchy, see this and this fabric is stretchy, see this and this fabric is stretchy, see this and this fabric is stretchy for evergreen, stretchy for evergreen, stretchy for evergreen, okay, right now I will show you whatever goes with these, okay, right now I will show you whatever goes with these, okay, I have just come from the shop, I said, take it for Eid come from the shop, I said, take it for Eid come from the shop, I said, take it for Eid People had praised it, it is People had praised it, it is People had praised it, it is not open, they will dance in it, not open, they will dance in it, not open, they will dance in it, otherwise it is baggy, baggy is okay, otherwise it is baggy, baggy is okay, this is a thick fabric, this is a thick fabric, this is a thick fabric, you have shown it to be light, this is thick, the you have shown it to be light, this is thick, the fabric in this is also thick brother, you will feel the heat of the house, fabric in this is also thick brother, you will feel the heat of the house, fabric in this is also thick brother, you will feel the heat of the house, brother, get a black shirt to match the blue shirt, it is a brother, get a black shirt to match the blue shirt, it is a brother, get a black shirt to match the blue shirt, it is a pale pink pale pink pale pink fabric, it is jersey, it is hot, it will feel hot, the fabric, it is jersey, it is hot, it will feel hot, the fabric, it is jersey, it is hot, it will feel hot, the heat is very light, light heat is very light, light heat is very light, light fabric, the fabric should be light, they should not feel hot, hello, do this in sky blue with dark blue, yes that, yes, yes, you will check with the skirt, light, this light skirt is okay, light, right, our weight is right, yes, okay, the print is fabric, the fabric should be light, they should not feel hot, hello, do this in sky blue with dark blue, yes that, yes, yes, you will check with the skirt, light, this light skirt is okay, light, right, our weight is right, yes, okay, the print is fabric, the fabric should be light, they should not feel hot, hello, do this in sky blue with dark blue, yes that, yes, yes, you will check with the skirt, light, this light skirt is okay, light, right, our weight is right, yes, okay, the print is so cute, is so cute, is n't it, my print is very simple, friend, n't it, my print is very simple, friend, n't it, my print is very simple, friend, take a full sleeve, what are you buying, take a full sleeve, what are you buying, take a full sleeve, what are you buying, two, two, two, yes, take one, one, sleeves, one, one, yes, take one, one, sleeves, one, one, yes, take one, one, sleeves, one, one, full sleeve shirt, it is full sleeve shirt, it is full sleeve shirt, it is full sleeve, by the way, no sleeves, no sleeves, it looks like a dark full sleeve, by the way, no sleeves, no sleeves, it looks like a dark colour, so brother, it is very hot, my t-shirt, hot, my t-shirt, hot, my t-shirt, come here, my come here, my come here, my chin, you should do half, friend, then if you go to me, you should do half, friend, then if you go to me, you should do half, friend, then if you go to me, then this is fine, then this is fine, then this is fine, yes, these are also useful, yes, these are also useful, yes, these are also useful, see, yes, sleeves  I don't carry big ones these days, see, yes, sleeves  I don't carry big ones these days, see, yes, sleeves  I don't carry big ones these days, look at this one on the side, look how cute this one is, look how cute this one is, look how cute this one is, yes on the side, yes on the side, yes on the side, yes on the side, yes on the side, yes on the side, these two are these two are these two are okay, this tree, okay, this tree, okay, this tree, yes, let's stick yes, let's stick yes, let's stick with this, by 14th August the worms came out, the hot worms did by 14th August the worms came out, the hot worms did by 14th August the worms came out, the hot worms did not come out, they did not come out, the print is lying here, it is full of here, it is full of charm, check this, check this, check this, yes, this is good yes, this is good yes, this is good brother, I know brother liked that card, do brother, I know brother liked that card, do brother, I know brother liked that card, do n't do it like this, n't do it like this, n't do it like this, yours is right now, and just China, I mean, 1 million, 1 million, see, people are standing there, see, people are standing there, see, people are standing there, making a vogue bun, the making a vogue bun, the making a vogue bun, the camera is not right, the camera is not right, the camera is not right, the hand was also standing, make mistakes, all of them are hand was also standing, make mistakes, all of them are hand was also standing, make mistakes, all of them are looking so cute, this one is not live, what will you think, will think, will think, will eat something, right, eat something, right, go to this side, she is go to this side, she is go to this side, she is in jeans, in jeans, in jeans, we sat there first, come forward, we should do we sat there first, come forward, we should do we sat there first, come forward, we should do visiting, they are buying such cheap clothes, visiting, they are buying such cheap clothes, visiting, they are buying such cheap clothes, Spice Spice, Spice Spice, if I give you the register, then register five, then 10, 10, if I give you the register, then register five, then 10, 10, if I give you the register, then register five, then 10, 10, 27, bring the account, good bag, 27, bring the account, good bag, 27, bring the account, good bag, this is also for the children, this is also for the children, this is also for the children, good, right, come here, this is good, right, come here, this is good, right, come here, this is also for the children, what have you what have you what have you ordered, I said, come, I will show you ordered, I said, come, I will show you because  In this I made a vlog outside, because  In this I made a vlog outside, because  In this I made a vlog outside, you have to give review in it.  Ok. Loss. So guys, ours now. So guys, ours now. So guys, ours now. So guys, now we have come and sat So guys, now we have come and sat So guys, now we have come and sat in the car.  There is a huge rush in the markets on 14th August.   There is a in the car.  There is a huge rush in the markets on 14th August.   There is a in the car.  There is a huge rush in the markets on 14th August.   There is a storm brewing inside us. storm brewing inside us. storm brewing inside us. So right now we are going, I am So right now we are going, I am So right now we are going, I am not sitting here watching the video, friend, I have my iPhone's not sitting here watching the video, friend, I have my iPhone's not sitting here watching the video, friend, I have my iPhone's video, video, first let's go to your channel, so guys, I have first let's go to your channel, so guys, I have first let's go to your channel, so guys, I have just bought father's clothes, now just bought father's clothes, now just bought father's clothes, now I have to buy some makeup, I have to buy some makeup, I have to buy some makeup, so my friend is coming, I am going with her, so my friend is coming, I am going with her, so my friend is coming, I am going with her, Mahanoor's Mahanoor's Mahanoor's and Rush, look at all of them, and Rush, look at all of them, and Rush, look at all of them, so guys, so guys, so guys, Marina is looking very strange.  I myself am Marina is looking very strange.  I myself am Marina is looking very strange.  I myself am very nice, our friend has come.  We are going to get very nice, our friend has come.  We are going to get very nice, our friend has come.  We are going to get makeup.  Let's see makeup.  Let's see makeup.  Let's see what we get.  I told him I want to get some what we get.  I told him I want to get some what we get.  I told him I want to get some good things for him.  She said it was good, guys, I didn't good things for him.  She said it was good, guys, I didn't know about makeup earlier, know about makeup earlier, know about makeup earlier, I don't do so much makeup.  I my I don't do so much makeup.  I my I don't do so much makeup.  I my friend know that first I am loaded, then what is friend know that first I am loaded, then what is friend know that first I am loaded, then what is Noor, you have to get me that Noor, you have to get me that Noor, you have to get me that spray as well, the makeup, I don't mean the spray as well, the makeup, I don't mean the spray as well, the makeup, I don't mean the control makeup, control makeup, control makeup, yes, get that as well, get that as well, yes, get that as well, get that as well, concealer, I don't know what kind of concealer, I don't know what kind of concealer, I don't know what kind of makeup it is, primer, primer, makeup it is, primer, primer, makeup it is, primer, primer, primer, right, and primer, right, and primer, right, and ten other makeups, I have to get them first, I have to do the makeup, I will do it ten other makeups, I have to get them first, I have to do the makeup, I will do it once, go home, then teach me also, okay, okay guys, once, go home, then teach me also, okay, okay guys, rush, big guys, I am looking good, I have to get a rush, big guys, I am looking good, I have to get a rush, big guys, I am looking good, I have to get a filter, make a filter, friend, it is filter, make a filter, friend, it is filter, make a filter, friend, it is daylight, then it is daylight, then it is daylight, then it is very small, very small, very small, bye, I will get ready and bye, I will get ready and bye, I will get ready and meet you, yes, okay, done, okay, Tanu is okay, done, okay, Tanu is not visible, I have come, well done, oh yes yes, take not visible, I have come, well done, oh yes yes, take not visible, I have come, well done, oh yes yes, take out the bag, brother, I had to out the bag, brother, I had to out the bag, brother, I had to keep the bag here, oh I have brought it, friend, come forward, this lady has to go to the washroom and she is going to the washroom, this this lady has to go to the washroom and she is going to the washroom, this lady has to go to the washroom and this lady has to go to the washroom and this lady has to go to the washroom and this Marina has to Marina has to Marina has to go here, she has to go here, she has to go here, she has to go here, go here, go here, not here, not here, not here, she is she is she is made upside down.  Do you want to go here, made upside down.  Do you want to go here, made upside down.  Do you want to go here, Uncle Uncle Uncle Bhai, to stay there [laughs]? Bhai, to stay there [laughs]? Bhai, to stay there [laughs]? Yes, I was joking with you.  Go that way. Yes, I was joking with you.  Go that way. Yes, I was joking with you.  Go that way. She is stuck. She is stuck. She is stuck. Both got stuck.  I [laughs] Both got stuck.  I [laughs] Both got stuck.  I [laughs] we're stuck here, man. we're stuck here, man. we're stuck here, man. Catch that bump.  First I am from the washroom. Catch that bump.  First I am from the washroom. Catch that bump.  First I am from the washroom. I feel like a homebody.   He has I feel like a homebody.   He has I feel like a homebody.   He has come from home.  Friend, please give come from home.  Friend, please give come from home.  Friend, please give me a little bit of a slap in the face. So it doesn't break.  He raises the stake but it does So it doesn't break.  He raises the stake but it does So it doesn't break.  He raises the stake but it does n't break.   take care of it.   Not just two.   Get my dupatta checked here, the dupatta here, the dupatta here, the dupatta is wet, keep it like this with your mobile, is wet, keep it like this with your mobile, is wet, keep it like this with your mobile, this this this dupatta, look, both the dupattas should be like this, I have come, I am so busy, I know, so busy, I know, so busy, I know, I also have to go to the washroom on foot, now catch this, she is not I also have to go to the washroom on foot, now catch this, she is not I also have to go to the washroom on foot, now catch this, she is not going yet, she is going yet, she is going yet, she is saying take the camera also, I have to go and get it, it is a dupatta, it is a pair, if you wish, then it is dupatta, it is a pair, if you wish, then it is dupatta, it is a pair, if you wish, then it is my Maya pair, then don't object to the pair, the dupatta is a dupatta, I my Maya pair, then don't object to the pair, the dupatta is a dupatta, I my Maya pair, then don't object to the pair, the dupatta is a dupatta, I agree, but agree, but agree, but not a pair, then I have to have someone, the dupatta is a not a pair, then I have to have someone, the dupatta is a not a pair, then I have to have someone, the dupatta is a zero dupatta, guys, it is tight, then zero dupatta, guys, it is tight, then zero dupatta, guys, it is tight, then I have to take my purse also, my mobile also, I have to take my purse also, my mobile also, I have to take my purse also, my mobile also, then like this I am not tied, so tied, so tied, so clean it and take it away, oh, there are marks on my bag, come on, my clean it and take it away, oh, there are marks on my bag, come on, my clean it and take it away, oh, there are marks on my bag, come on, my dupatta [laughs] dupatta [laughs] dupatta [laughs] guys, look, this girl is very nice of mine, guys, look, this girl is very nice of mine, guys, look, this girl is very nice of mine, I can take only that person with me, who I can take only that person with me, who I can take only that person with me, who knows me, who I trust, knows me, who I trust, knows me, who I trust, I can even hand over my purse to him, I do I can even hand over my purse to him, I do I can even hand over my purse to him, I do n't get any tension, this is my man, who is trustworthy, n't get any tension, this is my man, who is trustworthy, n't get any tension, this is my man, who is trustworthy, people were saying that go with that girl, people were saying that go with that girl, people were saying that go with that girl, oh clever, clever  No, keep the rate root, it is of big gold, that oh clever, clever  No, keep the rate root, it is of big gold, that oh clever, clever  No, keep the rate root, it is of big gold, that too of big gold, he is too of big gold, he is too of big gold, he is clever but he is honest, he should be clever, he should be clever but he is honest, he should be clever, he should be clever but he is honest, he should be clever, he should be honest too, honest too, honest too, this has to be done, just come on, let's this has to be done, just come on, let's this has to be done, just come on, let's take the menu, but friend, friend, I do take the menu, but friend, friend, I do take the menu, but friend, friend, I do n't know who has it, let's freshen up, I have had cold water to wash my face, I am feeling comfortable, we will arrange for a freshen up, I have had cold water to wash my face, I am feeling comfortable, we will arrange for a freshen up, I have had cold water to wash my face, I am feeling comfortable, we will arrange for a comfortable parking, we will arrange a comfortable parking, we will arrange a comfortable parking, we will arrange a rate root, come let's go, I have come to buy my rate root, come let's go, I have come to buy my makeup, makeup, makeup, I have brought my sister's makeup, I have brought my sister's makeup, whose mall is it called, whose mall is it called, whose mall is it called, Hyperstar, Hyperstar, Hyperstar, yes, we have come yes, we have come yes, we have come here, guys, here, guys, here, guys, I can't hear your voice, please don't use words, the I can't hear your voice, please don't use words, the I can't hear your voice, please don't use words, the shampoo is not good, I am shampoo is not good, I am shampoo is not good, I am saying that my head is sweating, no, no, saying that my head is sweating, no, no, keep an eye on this, this one, I don't know whether it will keep an eye on this, this one, I don't know whether it will suit me or not, should I buy it, anyway, suit me or not, should I buy it, anyway, suit me or not, should I buy it, anyway, which one do I use?  Just Mac, then which one do I use?  Just Mac, then which one do I use?  Just Mac, then Mac Mac Mac Mac is also good, there are no grains in it, Mac is also good, there are no grains in it, yes yes yes where is Mac, where is Mac, where is Mac, oh look, look, there is rice one in it, oh look, look, there is rice one in it, oh look, look, there is rice one in it, yes take this, yes take this, yes take this, I will also take one rice one in the rice one, I will also take one rice one in the rice one, I will also take one rice one in the rice one, ours is also finished, ours is also finished, ours is also finished, this one is also there brother, ours is just for use, take it in this one is also there brother, ours is just for use, take it in this one is also there brother, ours is just for use, take it in rice, more rice, more rice, more rice, it is better in rice, take it in rice, oh someone forgot his glasses, oh look, oh someone forgot his glasses, oh look, oh someone forgot his glasses, oh look, I said maybe someone forgot, yes yes these are these are these are lying there, underarm is lying there, underarm is lying there, underarm is needed, it is on top, needed, it is on top, needed, it is on top, not underarm, not underarm, not underarm, this one of mine has become 500, how much do you this one of mine has become 500, how much do you this one of mine has become 500, how much do you buy it for, yours is for ₹200 buy it for, yours is for ₹200 buy it for, yours is for ₹200 promotional, there is a promotional, there is a promotional, there is a sale of ₹310.  One for me is Lalla sale of ₹310.  One for me is Lalla sale of ₹310.  One for me is Lalla clothes Lalla.  Some lovely fragrance clothes Lalla.  Some lovely fragrance clothes Lalla.  Some lovely fragrance purple, look at it, purple, look at it, purple, look at it, it is so much fun, but this is not it is so much fun, but this is not it is so much fun, but this is not jam, look at it, the promotion ones promotion ones promotion ones too, okay brother, look at it, you have to see the too, okay brother, look at it, you have to see the perfume, okay, perfume, okay, perfume, okay, this is also the same, buy the same thing because one has to same thing because one has to same thing because one has to go towards ours, go towards ours, you also have to keep this, keep it, no, go buy something, no, go buy something, no, go buy something, come on, now come on, now come on, now tell me what do you want to buy next, now guys, I have given you the kudi das, it becomes hot tell me what do you want to buy next, now guys, I have given you the kudi das, it becomes hot tell me what do you want to buy next, now guys, I have given you the kudi das, it becomes hot later, friend, it becomes hot after later, friend, it becomes hot after later, friend, it becomes hot after 12 hours, after six hours, it becomes hot, 12 hours, after six hours, it becomes hot, 12 hours, after six hours, it becomes hot, shampoo is done, face wash is done, shampoo is done, face wash is done, shampoo is done, face wash is done, what is this, I have what is this, I have what is this, I have also done the test also done the test also done the test carefully, guys, she is saying that we will get the makeup guys, she is saying that we will get the makeup guys, she is saying that we will get the makeup checked here and then we will decide which checked here and then we will decide which checked here and then we will decide which skin it will suit, she is saying that skin it will suit, she is saying that skin it will suit, she is saying that it is good for open pores, it is good for open pores, it is good for open pores, after that she is after that she is saying base color to base with color tone, saying base color to base with color tone, saying base color to base with color tone, as I told you, after as I told you, after as I told you, after checking they are telling checking they are telling checking they are telling what a good thing is, rather, they have what a good thing is, rather, they have what a good thing is, rather, they have given it a special one.   I am given it a special one.   I am given it a special one.   I am not able to see your face, right? not able to see your face, right? not able to see your face, right? Not the face you are making.  And the second Not the face you are making.  And the second Not the face you are making.  And the second thing is possible, if possible then thing is possible, if possible then thing is possible, if possible then you can guide us a little regarding our flat which seems to be off.  Please you can guide us a little regarding our flat which seems to be off.  Please you can guide us a little regarding our flat which seems to be off.  Please guide me wearing a mask as to guide me wearing a mask as to guide me wearing a mask as to which things are pay off.  So which things are pay off.  So which things are pay off.  So you can keep roaming around if you want.  We'll bring you a you can keep roaming around if you want.  We'll bring you a you can keep roaming around if you want.  We'll bring you a little more in videos and so on. little more in videos and so on. little more in videos and so on. So show me what gift you have sent for Amara. So show me what gift you have sent for Amara. What is this?  This is DermaShine's fish gift. What is this?  This is DermaShine's fish gift. What is this?  This is DermaShine's fish gift. You should try this, You should try this, You should try this, good good good and after that there good good good and after that there good good good and after that there is this face wash from Dermashine.   fixed bugs. is this face wash from Dermashine.   fixed bugs. This is Sketchy.  Guys, look at this cute little sketch, This is Sketchy.  Guys, look at this cute little sketch, This is Sketchy.  Guys, look at this cute little sketch, we have we have we have got gifts from this company. got gifts from this company. got gifts from this company. Thank you very much.  This is also good.  You can apply this while doing makeup.   It Thank you very much.  This is also good.  You can apply this while doing makeup.   It is exactly like that. is exactly like that. is exactly like that. Thank you very much.  So tell me, do you have any other Thank you very much.  So tell me, do you have any other Thank you very much.  So tell me, do you have any other payoffs?  Yes, yes, payoffs?  Yes, yes, payoffs?  Yes, yes, we have discounts on many things we have discounts on many things we have discounts on many things and on the anniversary, especially tomorrow, and on the anniversary, especially tomorrow, and on the anniversary, especially tomorrow, 14th August, 14th August, 14th August, we are giving flat 47% off on Rivaaz HD. we are giving flat 47% off on Rivaaz HD. we are giving flat 47% off on Rivaaz HD. Wow, Wow, Wow, show me what's in it?  Yes, let me show me what's in it?  Yes, let me show me what's in it?  Yes, let me show you this one, show you this one, show you this one, okay, there will be a okay, there will be a okay, there will be a flat 47% off on this and flat 47% off on this and flat 47% off on this and you can give it away for 14th August, you can give it away for 14th August, you can give it away for 14th August, 47% is 47% is 47% is not available even today, but you can not available even today, but you can not available even today, but you can come tomorrow, imagine, imagine, give me come tomorrow, imagine, imagine, give me come tomorrow, imagine, imagine, give me time for two days, time for two days, time for two days, today is 14th August, today is 14th August, today is 14th August, give me an off today because I have to purchase something, there is a give me an off today because I have to purchase something, there is a give me an off today because I have to purchase something, there is a special off special off special off tomorrow, give me tomorrow, give me tomorrow, give me time today, otherwise I will have to come tomorrow, this is time today, otherwise I will have to come tomorrow, this is time today, otherwise I will have to come tomorrow, this is 30% off right now, but tomorrow, 30% off right now, but tomorrow, 30% off right now, but tomorrow, Insha Allah, there is a 47% off of Insha Allah, there is a 47% off of Insha Allah, there is a 47% off of 47, 47, 47, yes no no, give me the menu yes no no, give me the menu yes no no, give me the menu today, boss, take it, come and give me today, today, boss, take it, come and give me today, today, boss, take it, come and give me today, how good, I how good, I how good, I mean, if any customer comes, you mean, if any customer comes, you mean, if any customer comes, you can get him a free facial, you can get him a free facial, you can get him a free facial, you can get his pre-facial done, yes, you will do a can get his pre-facial done, yes, you will do a can get his pre-facial done, yes, you will do a pre-facial, no, not like this, pre-facial, no, not like this, pre-facial, no, not like this, you can get it done, get my you can get it done, get my facial done, you facial done, you facial done, you can get makeup done, you can get a free facial from us, can get makeup done, you can get a free facial from us, can get makeup done, you can get a free facial from us, and get and get and get my derma done, my derma done, my derma done, okay, who will make my video, okay, who will make my video, okay, who will make my video, I will make it, take it, I will make it, take it, I will make it, take it, see how beautiful his makeup is, no, no, no, see how beautiful his makeup is, no, no, no, give me the menu off, and also see, give me the menu off, and also see, give me the menu off, and also see, this is my gift  Menu [ __ ] is also a gift this is my gift  Menu [ __ ] is also a gift this is my gift  Menu [ __ ] is also a gift if you check what all food is there. if you check what all food is there. if you check what all food is there. Yes, check it there. Yes, check it there. Come take Come take Come take care of those things, I am here. care of those things, I am here. care of those things, I am here. Yes, Yes, Yes, 25% off is available on our cute company 25% off is available on our cute company 25% off is available on our cute company and this is a very and this is a very and this is a very good perfume. good perfume. good perfume. This This This is cute skin care and let it guide you. is cute skin care and let it guide you. is cute skin care and let it guide you. So my skin is bad.  Do the menu.   These are So my skin is bad.  Do the menu.   These are So my skin is bad.  Do the menu.   These are skin care products, ma'am. skin care products, ma'am. skin care products, ma'am. Like it has face washes in it. Like it has face washes in it. Like it has face washes in it. Dry oily skin is for all skin types. Dry oily skin is for all skin types. Dry oily skin is for all skin types. Apart from this, we have serums Apart from this, we have serums Apart from this, we have serums , sunscreen, light and day cream. , sunscreen, light and day cream. , sunscreen, light and day cream. Apart from this, its shampoos are quite good. Apart from this, its shampoos are quite good. Apart from this, its shampoos are quite good. Its dry shampoo is very good. Its dry shampoo is very good. Its dry shampoo is very good. My hair is dry and oily.  That is My hair is dry and oily.  That is My hair is dry and oily.  That is because those whose scalp remains very oily.  It because those whose scalp remains very oily.  It because those whose scalp remains very oily.  It controls your oil.  Leaves controls your oil.  Leaves controls your oil.  Leaves your hair fresh. your hair fresh. your hair fresh. Often dry shampoos Often dry shampoos Often dry shampoos come in spray form.  Shampoos that come in spray form do come in spray form.  Shampoos that come in spray form do not make your hair smooth and silky, but instead make it more not make your hair smooth and silky, but instead make it more not make your hair smooth and silky, but instead make it more stiff.  So this dry shampoo is stiff.  So this dry shampoo is stiff.  So this dry shampoo is in powder form.  And this is your powder, in powder form.  And this is your powder, in powder form.  And this is your powder, it is in powder form.  It it is in powder form.  It it is in powder form.  It is in powder form like this.  When you taste it a little on its scrap. is in powder form like this.  When you taste it a little on its scrap. is in powder form like this.  When you taste it a little on its scrap. Then you will brush with that brush for Then you will brush with that brush for Then you will brush with that brush for some time.  Let it remain for 5 minutes. some time.  Let it remain for 5 minutes. some time.  Let it remain for 5 minutes. Then after that, if you brush your hair, Then after that, if you brush your hair, Then after that, if you brush your hair, your hair will become completely fresh. your hair will become completely fresh. your hair will become completely fresh. You don't even need to wash the job right now. You don't even need to wash the job right now. Then there is no need to wash it. Then there is no need to wash it. Then there is no need to wash it. Wow, so we need a new market.   It Wow, so we need a new market.   It Wow, so we need a new market.   It is like that.   That means you is like that.   That means you is like that.   That means you just have to bring the powder.  If we have to take it or have to just have to bring the powder.  If we have to take it or have to just have to bring the powder.  If we have to take it or have to go somewhere, then apply powder to clear your oily scalp. go somewhere, then apply powder to clear your oily scalp. After that you may be After that you may be After that you may be travelling.  You may have gone out of town travelling.  You may have gone out of town travelling.  You may have gone out of town or gone somewhere for a trip. or gone somewhere for a trip. or gone somewhere for a trip. You can't take a bath. You can't take a bath. I have a discount of 1875 from this, will you give me I have a discount of 1875 from this, will you give me I have a discount of 1875 from this, will you give me this after discount, look at this after discount, look at this after discount, look at my end, listen guys, I have a my end, listen guys, I have a my end, listen guys, I have a sister's wedding, I have given you a little more sister's wedding, I have given you a little more sister's wedding, I have given you a little more discount, I will discount, I will discount, I will show you buy one get one, I will show you buy one get one, I will show you buy one get one, I will not give you my sorry, I will not salute you, not give you my sorry, I will not salute you, not give you my sorry, I will not salute you, boss, buy one get one, I will boss, buy one get one, I will boss, buy one get one, I will show you get it checked, show you get it checked, show you get it checked, okay buy one get one, that is, one okay buy one get one, that is, one okay buy one get one, that is, one day day day buy two get one, buy one get one, now see this is a buy two get one, buy one get one, now see this is a buy two get one, buy one get one, now see this is a natural face wash, sorry, it is a serum, natural face wash, sorry, it is a serum, natural face wash, sorry, it is a serum, this is a hair serum, this is a hair serum, you will buy two because it is for you will buy two because it is for you will buy two because it is for your skin, it is for your your skin, it is for your your skin, it is for your skin, it is a good skin, it is a good skin, it is a good skin brightening serum, you buy two, skin brightening serum, you buy two, skin brightening serum, you buy two, with that you get one free, with that you get one free, with that you get one free, how much is this, how much is this, how much is this, these two are for 1724, then you get 115, that is, there is a these two are for 1724, then you get 115, that is, there is a these two are for 1724, then you get 115, that is, there is a promotion going on, promotion going on, promotion going on, these are two, that is, I have written the price of one, these are two, that is, I have written the price of one, these are two, that is, I have written the price of one, one free with two, this is the one free with two, this is the one free with two, this is the price of one, this one, okay guys, there is a price of one, this one, okay guys, there is a price of one, this one, okay guys, there is a big promotion going on, today you big promotion going on, today you big promotion going on, today you came at the right time, but 14th August did not come, there was a came at the right time, but 14th August did not come, there was a came at the right time, but 14th August did not come, there was a big 14th August promotion with me, boss, boss, big 14th August promotion with me, boss, boss, you see, this is free, you buy a paste worth 285 you see, this is free, you buy a paste worth 285 you see, this is free, you buy a paste worth 285 You are buying a brush You are buying a brush but the paste is of Madi Cam, but the paste is of Madi Cam, but the paste is of Madi Cam, Madi Cam, it was for Madi Cam, it was for Madi Cam, it was for 285, 285, 285, yes, for 285 you are getting a brush as well, yes, for 285 you are getting a brush as well, yes, for 285 you are getting a brush as well, give it to me, give it to me, give it to me, this is good, right? Yes, this is good, right? Yes, this is good, right? Yes, I have bought this thing in gel form, I have bought this thing in gel form, I have bought this thing in gel form, you see, I am buying these two face washes you see, I am buying these two face washes you see, I am buying these two face washes and the sunscreen which is worth Rs 900, and the sunscreen which is worth Rs 900, and the sunscreen which is worth Rs 900, you are getting it for free. you are getting it for free. you are getting it for free. Well, this sunscreen is free, along with this you will get Well, this sunscreen is free, along with this you will get Well, this sunscreen is free, along with this you will get two face washes for Rs 1290 and the two face washes for Rs 1290 and the two face washes for Rs 1290 and the sunscreen is also absolutely free for you. sunscreen is also absolutely free for you. sunscreen is also absolutely free for you. And this is a very good brand, apart from this, And this is a very good brand, apart from this, And this is a very good brand, apart from this, if you buy this lotion then this removing if you buy this lotion then this removing if you buy this lotion then this removing cream is free for you. cream is free for you. cream is free for you. Okay okay okay guys, see, whatever Okay okay okay guys, see, whatever Okay okay okay guys, see, whatever promotion they brought from 14th August has come, it will promotion they brought from 14th August has come, it will promotion they brought from 14th August has come, it will continue even after that.   It continue even after that.   It continue even after that.   It will continue even after 14th August.  Right now will continue even after 14th August.  Right now will continue even after 14th August.  Right now our anniversary is going on for the whole month.   The our anniversary is going on for the whole month.   The our anniversary is going on for the whole month.   The whole month is going on.   Is it a whole month is going on.   Is it a whole month is going on.   Is it a full month full month full month anniversary? anniversary? anniversary? Anniversary store our like Anniversary store our like Anniversary store our like how many years has our store been built so this is how many years has our store been built so this is how many years has our store been built so this is good good its anniversary.  Well good good its anniversary.  Well good good its anniversary.  Well guys, this store's anniversary is going on and guys, this store's anniversary is going on and guys, this store's anniversary is going on and they have brought a promotion and they have brought a promotion and they have brought a promotion and that is whitening.  Bala folder hai wo den idhar ekni hai.  It will cover your acne. idhar ekni hai.  It will cover your acne. idhar ekni hai.  It will cover your acne. Ok?  One of the new ones is cinamide.  This is Ok?  One of the new ones is cinamide.  This is Ok?  One of the new ones is cinamide.  This is for all skin types and reduces the for all skin types and reduces the for all skin types and reduces the barriers of your skin like barriers of your skin like barriers of your skin like dark spots, blemishes etc. dark spots, blemishes etc. Ok, Ok, Ok, good.  Now the third one is good.  Now the third one is how much pigmentation will it give you, then how much pigmentation will it give you, then how much pigmentation will it give you, then you know that if one is for 115 then you will get you know that if one is for 115 then you will get you know that if one is for 115 then you will get three for 2200 and if you three for 2200 and if you listen to my advice and buy three for its actual price then you do listen to my advice and buy three for its actual price then you do listen to my advice and buy three for its actual price then you do not have to pay 1100 but I have told you that after not have to pay 1100 but I have told you that after not have to pay 1100 but I have told you that after cutting the 1400 part we are giving it for 1100, cutting the 1400 part we are giving it for 1100, one discount is that if you buy two then one discount is that if you buy two then one discount is that if you buy two then you are getting one for free.   That you are getting one for free.   That you are getting one for free.   That means the total price is Rs 2200. means the total price is Rs 2200. means the total price is Rs 2200. Just let it be Just let it be Just let it be then. then. then. Wow, your look has changed. Wow, your look has changed. Wow, your look has changed. They did such lovely makeup on me, man. They did such lovely makeup on me, man. They did such lovely makeup on me, man. So take this thing from them.  Show off your eye makeup.   It hasn't happened yet. So take this thing from them.  Show off your eye makeup.   It hasn't happened yet. So take this thing from them.  Show off your eye makeup.   It hasn't happened yet. Ok.   The Ok.   The Ok.   The rest of its makeup is very good. rest of its makeup is very good. rest of its makeup is very good. No, I have closed it.  Was far away. No, I have closed it.  Was far away. No, I have closed it.  Was far away. Look at this I am closing it.  Amara, you will have to do Look at this I am closing it.  Amara, you will have to do Look at this I am closing it.  Amara, you will have to do such makeup.  But they did such makeup.  But they did such makeup.  But they did not do it on your neck, not do it on your neck, not do it on your neck, you will have to do it yourself, the you will have to do it yourself, the you will have to do it yourself, the water should be at water should be at water should be at one place, do it quickly, it has to be at one place, do it quickly, it has to be at one place, do it quickly, it has to be at one place, guys, look at my face one place, guys, look at my face one place, guys, look at my face first, I started cutting the fish, Durma, I said, come on, first, I started cutting the fish, Durma, I said, come on, first, I started cutting the fish, Durma, I said, come on, I did not get time, I I did not get time, I I did not get time, I said, let's cut it, Durma, said, let's cut it, Durma, said, let's cut it, Durma, rice, the rice, the rice, the chola wala, chola wala, chola wala, that is the chola wala, it is fishy, that is the chola wala, it is fishy, that is the chola wala, it is fishy, not the chola wala, we have to do the not the chola wala, we have to do the chola wala, there is nothing in it, we will do it with fighting, this is better, open the car tomorrow, maximum how much time will it take, give profit in the rate, discount, the discount of 14th August has started, makeup controller, wow, makeup controller, it looks good, I will take this, pink pink, you have done too much, chola wala, there is nothing in it, we will do it with fighting, this is better, open the car tomorrow, maximum how much time will it take, give profit in the rate, discount, the discount of 14th August has started, makeup controller, wow, makeup controller, it looks good, I will take this, pink pink, you have done too much, it has been done too much, pink pink, ok, madam sat here, madam sat here, madam sat here, madam kept waiting, she wanted to get it done today itself, she is madam kept waiting, she wanted to get it done today itself, she is madam kept waiting, she wanted to get it done today itself, she is unconscious, come and have fun, then how good, friend, I have done the makeup, I how good, friend, I have done the makeup, I how good, friend, I have done the makeup, I mean, they got me ready, the brother mean, they got me ready, the brother called us for biryani, he is saying let's taste it, come, called us for biryani, he is saying let's taste it, come, called us for biryani, he is saying let's taste it, come, open the Zee news, you are here, gee, open the Zee news, you are here, gee, open the Zee news, you are here, gee, we are from the dirt people, we have biryani, we are from the dirt people, we have biryani, we are from the dirt people, we have biryani, one minute, one minute, one minute, we have prepared biryani  Is.  We get the test done. we have prepared biryani  Is.  We get the test done. Yes, yes, get it done.  Give me another biryani. Yes, yes, get it done.  Give me another biryani. Yes, yes, get it done.  Give me another biryani. Just keep one like this.  Open it here.   To unite.  First you test it and then view it. unite.  First you test it and then view it. unite.  First you test it and then view it. This is my video again.  Come on, I also have also have also have their biryani. You have added a little too much masala, you have checked so much biryani, checked so much biryani, checked so much biryani, now you will tell me it is good, good, good, yes it is good, no it tastes good yes it is good, no it tastes good with the boti, I am with the boti, I am with the boti, I am again saying put water here, again saying put water here, again saying put water here, I think the taste of one spice in it is I think the taste of one spice in it is I think the taste of one spice in it is not good, the boti not good, the boti not good, the boti is good, it is good, it is fun, it is made well, guys is good, it is good, it is fun, it is made well, guys is good, it is good, it is fun, it is made well, guys you all should also come and you all should also come and you all should also come and eat biryani from them, eat biryani from them, eat biryani from them, this is their new one, where should it come in this is their new one, where should it come in this is their new one, where should it come in board star, we will make you board star, we will make you board star, we will make you taste the biryani, it is prepared with Dard masala, taste the biryani, it is prepared with Dard masala, taste the biryani, it is prepared with Dard masala, our promotion is on, our promotion is on, our promotion is on, you will get this 140 pack of Dard masala for ₹95, you will get this 140 pack of Dard masala for ₹95, you will get this 140 pack of Dard masala for ₹95, you will get Amla.  Thank you so much. you will get Amla.  Thank you so much. you will get Amla.  Thank you so much. Good. Good. Good. Let's see the masala. see the masala. This is biryani masala pulao. This is biryani masala pulao. This is biryani masala pulao. This is their Shami kebab.   I have served This is their Shami kebab.   I have served This is their Shami kebab.   I have served biryani.  Biryani masala itself biryani.  Biryani masala itself biryani.  Biryani masala itself is out of stock. is out of stock. is out of stock. O egg was sold biryani masala. O egg was sold biryani masala. O egg was sold biryani masala. Went out of stock.  Our biryani is Went out of stock.  Our biryani is Went out of stock.  Our biryani is turning out very well.  Guys with us, turning out very well.  Guys with us, turning out very well.  Guys with us, their biryani is really very good.  You their biryani is really very good.  You their biryani is really very good.  You also come and say bye. also come and say bye. also come and say bye. Their stock is out now.  I was doing promotion, friend.   It's Their stock is out now.  I was doing promotion, friend.   It's fun to keep it in it or eat it.   For this, give it to me, it is right here, not on the back side, yes, rather sister is sister, sister [laughs], sister is sister, sister, give me sister, she gets yes, rather sister is sister, sister [laughs], sister is sister, sister, give me sister, she gets angry with her sister also, my sister-in-law, my sister-in-law, my sister-in-law, I called her friend, you are my sister, I I called her friend, you are my sister, I I called her friend, you are my sister, I love you, come on, love you, come on, love you, come on, who is right, who is right, who is right, their [laughs] set is there, their set is equal, it is their [laughs] set is there, their set is equal, it is their [laughs] set is there, their set is equal, it is equal, if I want to equal, if I want to equal, if I want to see something else, I will see that, it seems like see something else, I will see that, it seems like 12 13, no no, take it, it's okay. 12 13, no no, take it, it's okay. 12 13, no no, take it, it's okay. So guys, we're sitting here.  She is So guys, we're sitting here.  She is So guys, we're sitting here.  She is looking so cute here, there is some good makeup and other things, I will get them for looking so cute here, there is some good makeup and other things, I will get them for looking so cute here, there is some good makeup and other things, I will get them for her.  No highlighter her.  No highlighter her.  No highlighter etc., etc., etc., no concealer, first of all.  Okay, that no concealer, first of all.  Okay, that no concealer, first of all.  Okay, that means you should take the cream, the means you should take the cream, the means you should take the cream, the primer, primer, primer, yes, highlighter, which gives your face yes, highlighter, which gives your face yes, highlighter, which gives your face color, face color, face color, face powder, face concealer, powder, face concealer, concealer, yy, I mean, I am very tired, I have sat down, I should take yy, I mean, I am very tired, I have sat down, I should take yy, I mean, I am very tired, I have sat down, I should take face powder, give it to you, let's face powder, give it to you, let's leave it, what are leave it, what are leave it, what are you guys doing, you guys doing, you guys doing, they did they did they did not get their vandi checked, brother, not get their vandi checked, brother, not get their vandi checked, brother, how is she, how is she, how is she, I have brought fish biryani I have brought fish biryani I have brought fish biryani also [laughs], I also [laughs], I also [laughs], I found a girl, I have brought found a girl, I have brought found a girl, I have brought biryani for you, you came and biryani for you, you came and biryani for you, you came and said, I have brought biryani for you, I said, I have brought biryani for you, I said, I have brought biryani for you, I said, take it, these are my hands, said, take it, these are my hands, said, take it, these are my hands, look how small your hands are [laughs], so guys, right now she is keeping the stuff in the trunk, keep it, keep it, keep it, come on, come on, so guys, right now she is keeping the stuff in the trunk, keep it, keep it, keep it, come on, come on, dear children, come on, come on, there is dear children, come on, come on, there is dear children, come on, come on, there is big stuff ahead too, so guys, big stuff ahead too, so guys, big stuff ahead too, so guys, we came home, okay, and after coming back we came home, okay, and after coming back we came home, okay, and after coming back we were so tired, so tired that as soon as we we were so tired, so tired that as soon as we we were so tired, so tired that as soon as we came, all three of us fell asleep, you know, all came, all three of us fell asleep, you know, all came, all three of us fell asleep, you know, all three of us fell asleep, and three of us fell asleep, and three of us fell asleep, and Marina did such a shameless kind of prank with me, I don't know Marina did such a shameless kind of prank with me, I don't know Marina did such a shameless kind of prank with me, I don't know what should I tell her, what did she do, what should I tell her, what did she do, what should I tell her, what did she do, this time I am so angry at her that what should this time I am so angry at her that what should this time I am so angry at her that what should I tell you, I tell you, I tell you, just do it. just do it. just do it. She had become serious guys, she starts She had become serious guys, she starts She had become serious guys, she starts doing all kinds of mischief doing all kinds of mischief doing all kinds of mischief without informing, you should just play a prank without informing, without informing, you should just play a prank without informing, without informing, you should just play a prank without informing, son, I can't agree to the next prank, she must be son, I can't agree to the next prank, she must be son, I can't agree to the next prank, she must be serious too, serious too, serious too, I didn't agree, guys guys, I didn't agree, guys guys, I didn't agree, guys guys, I pranked I pranked I pranked her without informing her and she became so serious that her without informing her and she became so serious that her without informing her and she became so serious that she beat her face, I got some peace, I didn't beat her after getting my face beaten, peace, I didn't beat her after getting my face beaten, peace, I didn't beat her after getting my face beaten, why don't why don't why don't you call me, friend, please I you call me, friend, please I you call me, friend, please I know are you serious, I am not in a know are you serious, I am not in a know are you serious, I am not in a good mood, the reason is your tap road, so good mood, the reason is your tap road, so yes, after that she is not calling me, yes, after that she is not calling me, yes, after that she is not calling me, I am not calling, she is I am not calling, she is not behaving like this, what all did you not behaving like this, what all did you not behaving like this, what all did you try to see, she try to see, she try to see, she checked the accident prank, you try. checked the accident prank, you try. Accident prank Accident prank Accident prank accident prank he did to me. accident prank he did to me. accident prank he did to me. I asked her what do you mean she is I asked her what do you mean she is I asked her what do you mean she is looking for an excuse?  I want to see your love, I want to looking for an excuse?  I want to see your love, I want to see your love, I want to see you in a dirty way, people have ruined your mind, I have taken you, I have married you, I am not your wife, I am not your wife, I am not see your love, I want to see you in a dirty way, people have ruined your mind, I have taken you, I have married you, I am not your wife, I am not your wife, I am not your wife, I want to see you in a dirty way ... your wife, I want to see you in a dirty way ... Mahnoor said to me, I said I had an Mahnoor said to me, I said I had an accident and there was a accident and there was a accident and there was a commotion from above about 14th August, he thought it had commotion from above about 14th August, he thought it had commotion from above about 14th August, he thought it had really happened, really happened, really happened, I said go and bring a car that can drive, go and load it with I said go and bring a car that can drive, go and load it with I said go and bring a car that can drive, go and load it with heat, then brother, he said I had an heat, then brother, he said I had an heat, then brother, he said I had an accident, it's all over brother, you didn't even accident, it's all over brother, you didn't even put me in one, what did you put me in one, what did you put me in one, what did you say, Baji, no, yes, Baji, brother, I am say, Baji, no, yes, Baji, brother, I am say, Baji, no, yes, Baji, brother, I am very serious, Hari Sahab just turned around and said, very serious, Hari Sahab just turned around and said, very serious, Hari Sahab just turned around and said, I pranked him, I came in the car, I hit it and made a I pranked him, I came in the car, I hit it and made a I pranked him, I came in the car, I hit it and made a sound, it was a surprise, I do sound, it was a surprise, I do sound, it was a surprise, I do n't know if she is dead, then after hitting it n't know if she is dead, then after hitting it n't know if she is dead, then after hitting it I made a sound, oh yes yes, but I went, I made a sound, oh yes yes, but I went, I made a sound, oh yes yes, but I went, I was losing hope, guys, where did I go, I was losing hope, guys, where did I go, I was losing hope, guys, where did I go, no, I went [laughs] then no, I went [laughs] then I would have called an ambulance, I would have called one five to three, I would have said that I would have called an ambulance, I would have called one five to three, I would have said that I would not have cut the call [laughs] it was a I would not have cut the call [laughs] it was a very heavy prank within two minutes, guys, I played a very heavy very heavy prank within two minutes, guys, I played a very heavy very heavy prank within two minutes, guys, I played a very heavy prank on her, but that is her prank on her, but that is her prank on her, but that is her condition  She is looking so bad, condition  She is looking so bad, condition  She is looking so bad, I did not put that in Vogue, such a scattered face, this I did not put that in Vogue, such a scattered face, this I did not put that in Vogue, such a scattered face, this red face, oh I am also very young, Mahnoor, unsi red face, oh I am also very young, Mahnoor, unsi red face, oh I am also very young, Mahnoor, unsi chhnaada Mahnoor, I am not chhna, chhnaada Mahnoor, I am not chhna, chhnaada Mahnoor, I am not chhna, I am not thinking that I will do it tomorrow, no, I am not thinking that I will do it tomorrow, no, I am not thinking that I will do it tomorrow, no, nothing, I will not nothing, I will not nothing, I will not prank you, please sorry to you, prank you, please sorry to you, prank you, please sorry to you, my clear refusal, prank to either my clear refusal, prank to either my clear refusal, prank to either guy, I will not do horror pranks, guy, I will not do horror pranks, guy, I will not do horror pranks, random things, random things, random things, I am not a human being, if someone comes, he will be serious, I am not a human being, if someone comes, he will be serious, I am not a human being, if someone comes, he will be serious, okay, he is not my mind, I am not my okay, he is not my mind, I am not my okay, he is not my mind, I am not my heart, I am not my serious also, guys, I am very scared, but poor girl, I am very scared, but poor girl, I am very scared, but poor girl, I did not call you, okay, guys, Allah is I did not call you, okay, guys, Allah is I did not call you, okay, guys, Allah is angry, nothing, I will agree, come and angry, nothing, I will agree, come and angry, nothing, I will agree, come and see the scene, I will love you, see the scene, I will love you, see the scene, I will love you, I will not agree, I will not agree, I will not agree, you will sit and watch it you will sit and watch it you will sit and watch it [laughs] guys, I am not a serious person, I am not a serious person, I am not [laughs] guys, I am not a serious person, I am not a serious person, I am not ashamed at all, ashamed at all, ashamed at all, I am checking according to you, I am checking according to you, no, I no, I no, I mean, then my belief is not true, Allah has not benefited me, no, it is mean, then my belief is not true, Allah has not benefited me, no, it is mean, then my belief is not true, Allah has not benefited me, no, it is right, then Allah has not benefited me, no, it is not right, then Allah has not benefited me, no, it is not true, then Allah has not benefited me, I am true, then Allah has not benefited me, I am true, then Allah has not benefited me, I am not not not a human being  I can't believe it, it was a lot of fun, but I am also regretting this mistake that but I am also regretting this mistake that but I am also regretting this mistake that I got scared, I didn't come on my own, I got scared, I didn't come on my own, I got scared, I didn't come on my own, why are you, why are you, why are you, because you are not just pranking me, because you are not just pranking me, I am making a vlog thinking it to be serious, friend, I did not get the I am making a vlog thinking it to be serious, friend, I did not get the I am making a vlog thinking it to be serious, friend, I did not get the police registered in your vlog, he said police registered in your vlog, he said police registered in your vlog, he said come quickly come quickly come quickly [laughs] it's a [laughs] it's a [laughs] it's a joke, come on, no, joke, come on, no, Allah Hafiz, guys, embarrass me, okay, I Allah Hafiz, guys, embarrass me, okay, I Allah Hafiz, guys, embarrass me, okay, I pranked you, I am pranked you, I am pranked you, I am not mine, today don't prank me, I will be not mine, today don't prank me, I will be not mine, today don't prank me, I will be rude, I will rude, I will prank you tomorrow, I will say no, prank you tomorrow, I will say no, prank you tomorrow, I will say no, you also don't do it, you will also be you also don't do it, you will also be you also don't do it, you will also be pranked, my condition is pranked, my condition is pranked, my condition is very bad, friend, very bad, friend, very bad, friend, why should you take revenge, I will take revenge, I did why should you take revenge, I will take revenge, I did why should you take revenge, I will take revenge, I did not hit you, please you know not hit you, please you know not hit you, please you know how I will go away, I will come quickly, I will shout, I will make you suffer, I will get naked, I will how I will go away, I will come quickly, I will shout, I will make you suffer, I will get naked, I will break my gestures, break my gestures, break my gestures, please don't do it like this, please I will hit you with my please don't do it like this, please I will hit you with my please don't do it like this, please I will hit you with my fists, you should see at least fists, you should see at least fists, you should see at least son, what should I do, don't go away son, what should I do, don't go away son, what should I do, don't go away Guys wait and watch Guys wait and watch Guys wait and watch guys no, I will not refuse him, yes Allah guys no, I will not refuse him, yes Allah guys no, I will not refuse him, yes Allah what will I do, please don't play such a prank on me, what will I do, please don't play such a prank on me, why are you, why are you, why are you, I will die, come on, I will die, come on, I will die, come on, why are you, it is a why are you, it is a why are you, it is a long journey, thinking how will I reach there, long journey, thinking how will I reach there, long journey, thinking how will I reach there, I am not in hours brother, no, no, I will faint, it is very I am not in hours brother, no, no, I will faint, it is very difficult for me, I know, the difficult for me, I know, the difficult for me, I know, the time you met me, the whole journey got ruined, I got beaten up, I curse you, I am time you met me, the whole journey got ruined, I got beaten up, I curse you, I am angry with you, angry with you, angry with you, you have done such a low thing, by the way those two also got you have done such a low thing, by the way those two also got you have done such a low thing, by the way those two also got beaten up, I also got beaten up, the whole beaten up, I also got beaten up, the whole beaten up, I also got beaten up, the whole neighborhood gathered in a car, neighborhood gathered in a car, neighborhood gathered in a car, a car came, a crowd gathered, a car came, a crowd gathered, a car came, a crowd gathered, everyone gathered, where did everyone gathered, where did everyone gathered, where did I get in, it seems this moon has got into my marriage. I get in, it seems this moon has got into my marriage.