and then I'll freak you out and you'll and then I'll freak you out and you'll and then I'll freak you out and you'll run away. Good morning. Happy happy Sunday. I know Good morning. Happy happy Sunday. I know Good morning. Happy happy Sunday. I know usually I feel like I kind of start the usually I feel like I kind of start the usually I feel like I kind of start the vlogs off with like me like screaming in vlogs off with like me like screaming in vlogs off with like me like screaming in your face, but also like sometimes we do your face, but also like sometimes we do your face, but also like sometimes we do just need to slow it down. And [music] I just need to slow it down. And [music] I just need to slow it down. And [music] I know that me saying that kind of doesn't know that me saying that kind of doesn't know that me saying that kind of doesn't make as much sense since I'm the reason make as much sense since I'm the reason make as much sense since I'm the reason why I would always be sped up on the why I would always be sped up on the why I would always be sped up on the channel, but the beginning of this is channel, but the beginning of this is channel, but the beginning of this is just going to be calm. Okay, I want you just going to be calm. Okay, I want you just going to be calm. Okay, I want you to take a second. I want you to breathe to take a second. I want you to breathe to take a second. I want you to breathe with me. Get get a perfume real quick. with me. Get get a perfume real quick. with me. Get get a perfume real quick. It'll be nice. Preferably if you have It'll be nice. Preferably if you have It'll be nice. Preferably if you have something like lavender or eucalyptus. something like lavender or eucalyptus. something like lavender or eucalyptus. I missed my hand. Here we go. Just breathe it in. You know, smells a Just breathe it in. You know, smells a Just breathe it in. You know, smells a little bit like alcohol, but that's little bit like alcohol, but that's little bit like alcohol, but that's okay. okay. okay. I don't really know what else to say. I don't really know what else to say. I don't really know what else to say. We're going to spend a couple of days of We're going to spend a couple of days of We're going to spend a couple of days of my life. There is a lot of cleaning and my life. There is a lot of cleaning and my life. There is a lot of cleaning and some small things that I need to get some small things that I need to get some small things that I need to get done. And you know, we're just going to done. And you know, we're just going to done. And you know, we're just going to go on this journey. What the am I even go on this journey. What the am I even go on this journey. What the am I even saying? I'm like, we're just going to go saying? I'm like, we're just going to go saying? I'm like, we're just going to go on this journey together. Like I'm going on this journey together. Like I'm going on this journey together. Like I'm going through something emotional right now. through something emotional right now. through something emotional right now. No, we're emotionally going to go No, we're emotionally going to go No, we're emotionally going to go through this vlog together though. through this vlog together though. through this vlog together though. That's what we are going to do. And you That's what we are going to do. And you That's what we are going to do. And you know, and sometimes I'll be watching know, and sometimes I'll be watching know, and sometimes I'll be watching other people's vlogs and I'm just like, other people's vlogs and I'm just like, other people's vlogs and I'm just like, okay, like why is there 6 minutes of okay, like why is there 6 minutes of okay, like why is there 6 minutes of like no talking? like there's 6 minutes like no talking? like there's 6 minutes like no talking? like there's 6 minutes and it's just like them doing mundane and it's just like them doing mundane and it's just like them doing mundane task and it's 6 [music] minutes of task and it's 6 [music] minutes of task and it's 6 [music] minutes of footage and I'm like okay like is this footage and I'm like okay like is this footage and I'm like okay like is this how I'm I'm supposed to start a vlog you how I'm I'm supposed to start a vlog you how I'm I'm supposed to start a vlog you know but also who made the rules it's know but also who made the rules it's know but also who made the rules it's not a democracy on this Now, I'm going to do like very light makeup I'm going to do like very light makeup I'm going to do like very light makeup today because I want to Maybe like a little blush. I think it's cute. I think I'm going to I think it's cute. I think I'm going to I think it's cute. I think I'm going to put my hair back to try to get it out of put my hair back to try to get it out of put my hair back to try to get it out of my face a little bit. So, there are a my face a little bit. So, there are a my face a little bit. So, there are a couple things that we kind of need to couple things that we kind of need to couple things that we kind of need to get done today. It's Sunday, so I do get done today. It's Sunday, so I do get done today. It's Sunday, so I do need to stop by the grocery store. I need to stop by the grocery store. I need to stop by the grocery store. I miss having a bit of fresh produce. My miss having a bit of fresh produce. My miss having a bit of fresh produce. My nutrition has been really, really good. nutrition has been really, really good. nutrition has been really, really good. However, I do feel like I want to start However, I do feel like I want to start However, I do feel like I want to start incorporating a lot more veggies and incorporating a lot more veggies and incorporating a lot more veggies and stuff. It just depends on the season of stuff. It just depends on the season of stuff. It just depends on the season of life I'm in. It's not that I have life I'm in. It's not that I have life I'm in. It's not that I have anything against vegetables. It's just anything against vegetables. It's just anything against vegetables. It's just having to prep the veggie. I'm just having to prep the veggie. I'm just having to prep the veggie. I'm just like, uh, I can't be bothered. I can't like, uh, I can't be bothered. I can't like, uh, I can't be bothered. I can't be bothered, but I want to have a meal be bothered, but I want to have a meal be bothered, but I want to have a meal filled with tons of nutrients [music] filled with tons of nutrients [music] filled with tons of nutrients [music] and beautiful vitamin A and vitamin B and beautiful vitamin A and vitamin B and beautiful vitamin A and vitamin B and D and C and F and G and ACD E F and and D and C and F and G and ACD E F and and D and C and F and G and ACD E F and Z. That's what I want. How's that look Z. That's what I want. How's that look Z. That's what I want. How's that look from back? If it looks bad from back, from back? If it looks bad from back, from back? If it looks bad from back, don't tell me because what's going on in don't tell me because what's going on in don't tell me because what's going on in the back? It's none of my business. It the back? It's none of my business. It the back? It's none of my business. It never was. We're also going to do a never was. We're also going to do a never was. We're also going to do a little bit of laundry today. I'm excited little bit of laundry today. I'm excited little bit of laundry today. I'm excited because I'm going to show you guys a bit because I'm going to show you guys a bit because I'm going to show you guys a bit of the decorating. I want to be able to of the decorating. I want to be able to of the decorating. I want to be able to put up finally this piece of artwork put up finally this piece of artwork put up finally this piece of artwork that I have. I also want to do this that I have. I also want to do this that I have. I also want to do this staining thing with my pendant lamp staining thing with my pendant lamp staining thing with my pendant lamp because like she's not giving what she because like she's not giving what she because like she's not giving what she needs to give anymore. Do you know what needs to give anymore. Do you know what needs to give anymore. Do you know what I mean? So, I need her to have a tan. I mean? So, I need her to have a tan. I mean? So, I need her to have a tan. So, I'm excited about that. Do a little So, I'm excited about that. Do a little So, I'm excited about that. Do a little bit of cooking and prepping. Not too bit of cooking and prepping. Not too bit of cooking and prepping. Not too much just because like I can't be with much just because like I can't be with much just because like I can't be with like the full set out meal prep. So, like the full set out meal prep. So, like the full set out meal prep. So, I've been doing very very lazy meals, I've been doing very very lazy meals, I've been doing very very lazy meals, but it does in fact get the job done and but it does in fact get the job done and but it does in fact get the job done and that's what matters to me. Let's just that's what matters to me. Let's just that's what matters to me. Let's just like reset a little bit. You know, take like reset a little bit. You know, take like reset a little bit. You know, take it in. throwing it at you. Okay, throw it in. throwing it at you. Okay, throw it in. throwing it at you. Okay, throw it back. Thank you. I don't know why I'm it back. Thank you. I don't know why I'm it back. Thank you. I don't know why I'm doing that. Sorry. I just watched that doing that. Sorry. I just watched that doing that. Sorry. I just watched that video back. The back does in fact look video back. The back does in fact look video back. The back does in fact look crazy. And unfortunately, I'm not going crazy. And unfortunately, I'm not going crazy. And unfortunately, I'm not going to do anything about it. You know what they say, a kiwi a day You know what they say, a kiwi a day You know what they say, a kiwi a day doesn't make the go away. Okay, but if doesn't make the go away. Okay, but if doesn't make the go away. Okay, but if you're struggling with bloating, a you're struggling with bloating, a you're struggling with bloating, a little kiwi action would never hurt. little kiwi action would never hurt. little kiwi action would never hurt. Okay, little fiber. Okay, a little fiber Okay, little fiber. Okay, a little fiber Okay, little fiber. Okay, a little fiber never hurt anyone. There's fiber inside never hurt anyone. There's fiber inside never hurt anyone. There's fiber inside of these eggs as well on those yolks. Dude, kiwis are so good. Honestly, I Dude, kiwis are so good. Honestly, I Dude, kiwis are so good. Honestly, I think like lchi and kiwi are probably think like lchi and kiwi are probably think like lchi and kiwi are probably like my favorite fruits. They're just so like my favorite fruits. They're just so like my favorite fruits. They're just so like uniquely their own. Like you eat a like uniquely their own. Like you eat a like uniquely their own. Like you eat a kiwi or you eat some lychi and like kiwi or you eat some lychi and like kiwi or you eat some lychi and like there's nothing else that tastes like there's nothing else that tastes like there's nothing else that tastes like it. You know melon like melon tastes it. You know melon like melon tastes it. You know melon like melon tastes like melon. You know what I mean? Like like melon. You know what I mean? Like like melon. You know what I mean? Like there's so many apples that taste like there's so many apples that taste like there's so many apples that taste like other apples. But a lyche like that's a other apples. But a lyche like that's a other apples. But a lyche like that's a distinct ass flavor. What am I even distinct ass flavor. What am I even distinct ass flavor. What am I even talking [clears throat] about? I'm just talking [clears throat] about? I'm just talking [clears throat] about? I'm just rambling guys. This is just like a small rambling guys. This is just like a small rambling guys. This is just like a small breakfast. I have 23 g of protein in breakfast. I have 23 g of protein in breakfast. I have 23 g of protein in [music] here. I don't like to typically [music] here. I don't like to typically [music] here. I don't like to typically do the oo, but I couldn't get the do the oo, but I couldn't get the do the oo, but I couldn't get the filler. So this is what we're filler. So this is what we're filler. So this is what we're substituting for the day. I'm going to substituting for the day. I'm going to substituting for the day. I'm going to go pick some more of the filler ones up go pick some more of the filler ones up go pick some more of the filler ones up today cuz those are like 20 g of today cuz those are like 20 g of today cuz those are like 20 g of protein. 100 cows like and it's just protein. 100 cows like and it's just protein. 100 cows like and it's just like drinkable Greek yogurt. Like there like drinkable Greek yogurt. Like there like drinkable Greek yogurt. Like there aren't a ton of extra ingredients aren't a ton of extra ingredients aren't a ton of extra ingredients whereas in this one there is and we are whereas in this one there is and we are whereas in this one there is and we are like not really pro [music] like not really pro [music] like not really pro [music] extra processed. There are going to be extra processed. There are going to be extra processed. There are going to be things that I eat that are processed, things that I eat that are processed, things that I eat that are processed, but like I'm going to try and minimize but like I'm going to try and minimize but like I'm going to try and minimize it to whole foods as much as possible it to whole foods as much as possible it to whole foods as much as possible because genuinely that is what's helped because genuinely that is what's helped because genuinely that is what's helped my journey so much and also like my my journey so much and also like my my journey so much and also like my stomach doesn't hurt as much and I just stomach doesn't hurt as much and I just stomach doesn't hurt as much and I just feel better about life. I'm also going feel better about life. I'm also going feel better about life. I'm also going to do [music] two eggs. I'm going to do to do [music] two eggs. I'm going to do to do [music] two eggs. I'm going to do my best to eat the yolks. Sometimes I my best to eat the yolks. Sometimes I my best to eat the yolks. Sometimes I just don't be [\h__\h] with the yolks, just don't be [\h__\h] with the yolks, just don't be [\h__\h] with the yolks, dude. Like I'm like this isn't good. I dude. Like I'm like this isn't good. I dude. Like I'm like this isn't good. I feel forced. Like, don't force me to eat feel forced. Like, don't force me to eat feel forced. Like, don't force me to eat this. And it's like literally just me. this. And it's like literally just me. this. And it's like literally just me. Yeah, I'm just going to quickly do my laundry. I'm just going to quickly do my laundry. I'm just going to quickly do my laundry. I'm going to quickly do that. So, I I'm going to quickly do that. So, I I'm going to quickly do that. So, I mean, I've been doing pretty good about mean, I've been doing pretty good about mean, I've been doing pretty good about putting my clothes away. And honestly, putting my clothes away. And honestly, putting my clothes away. And honestly, saying that even sounded like a lie, cuz saying that even sounded like a lie, cuz saying that even sounded like a lie, cuz low key, it is kind of a lie. I hang a low key, it is kind of a lie. I hang a low key, it is kind of a lie. I hang a lot of my clothes on a drying rack, you lot of my clothes on a drying rack, you lot of my clothes on a drying rack, you know, and sometimes it takes a day or know, and sometimes it takes a day or know, and sometimes it takes a day or two for it to dry. And then by that two for it to dry. And then by that two for it to dry. And then by that point, it's the end of the week. We are point, it's the end of the week. We are point, it's the end of the week. We are going to get to it today. I promise. Cuz going to get to it today. I promise. Cuz going to get to it today. I promise. Cuz I I'm going to make that PROMISE TO I I'm going to make that PROMISE TO I I'm going to make that PROMISE TO MYSELF. I CAN DO THIS. SORRY. THIS WAS MYSELF. I CAN DO THIS. SORRY. THIS WAS MYSELF. I CAN DO THIS. SORRY. THIS WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A CALM VLOG. My bad. You know, I genuinely thought that I was You know, I genuinely thought that I was You know, I genuinely thought that I was going to change my sheets like to this going to change my sheets like to this going to change my sheets like to this other duvet cover that I have had for a other duvet cover that I have had for a other duvet cover that I have had for a while. I can't find the sheets. And I while. I can't find the sheets. And I while. I can't find the sheets. And I can't find the kill and what? And I can't find the kill and what? And I can't find the kill and what? And I can't find the pillow cases. And I can't can't find the pillow cases. And I can't can't find the pillow cases. And I can't find pillowcases. Yeah. So, I just spent find pillowcases. Yeah. So, I just spent find pillowcases. Yeah. So, I just spent the past 15 minutes searching for the the past 15 minutes searching for the the past 15 minutes searching for the rest of this set and I can't find it. rest of this set and I can't find it. rest of this set and I can't find it. And I'm pissed off. I'm angry. That And I'm pissed off. I'm angry. That And I'm pissed off. I'm angry. That seems like something maybe I might do. seems like something maybe I might do. seems like something maybe I might do. Smart me might do. Smart me didn't do Smart me might do. Smart me didn't do Smart me might do. Smart me didn't do that. Okay, great. We're just going to that. Okay, great. We're just going to that. Okay, great. We're just going to move on. move on. move on. Okay, so I quickly put on like clothes Okay, so I quickly put on like clothes Okay, so I quickly put on like clothes that weren't my PJs because we don't that weren't my PJs because we don't that weren't my PJs because we don't wear paj. What is going on with my wear paj. What is going on with my wear paj. What is going on with my speech right now? We don't wear PJs speech right now? We don't wear PJs speech right now? We don't wear PJs outside of the house. If Hampton outside of the house. If Hampton outside of the house. If Hampton University taught me one thing, it was University taught me one thing, it was University taught me one thing, it was that. Shout out to the HU Pirates. I that. Shout out to the HU Pirates. I that. Shout out to the HU Pirates. I definitely haven't been in the hugest definitely haven't been in the hugest definitely haven't been in the hugest mood to wear like real clothes at the mood to wear like real clothes at the mood to wear like real clothes at the moment. I'm just tired. I'm like moment. I'm just tired. I'm like moment. I'm just tired. I'm like entering into my ludial phase. I'm not entering into my ludial phase. I'm not entering into my ludial phase. I'm not feeling great. So, I'm in a sweats feeling great. So, I'm in a sweats feeling great. So, I'm in a sweats deficit at the moment. So, what I'm deficit at the moment. So, what I'm deficit at the moment. So, what I'm going to do cuz I know we're looking going to do cuz I know we're looking going to do cuz I know we're looking This shirt, by the way, cuz I know you This shirt, by the way, cuz I know you This shirt, by the way, cuz I know you guys are going to ask me. This is from guys are going to ask me. This is from guys are going to ask me. This is from Aritzia. It's actually incredibly Aritzia. It's actually incredibly Aritzia. It's actually incredibly flattering. The only lighting lighting flattering. The only lighting lighting flattering. The only lighting lighting bring it back. Bring it back. Bring it bring it back. Bring it back. Bring it bring it back. Bring it back. Bring it back. The only thing that pisses me off back. The only thing that pisses me off back. The only thing that pisses me off is that I literally washed it and like is that I literally washed it and like is that I literally washed it and like in washing it, I got like this little in washing it, I got like this little in washing it, I got like this little stain. So, is what it is. These stain. So, is what it is. These stain. So, is what it is. These sweatpants are clearly too large because sweatpants are clearly too large because sweatpants are clearly too large because they are an XL. And if I want the they are an XL. And if I want the they are an XL. And if I want the oversized look, I just don't need to do oversized look, I just don't need to do oversized look, I just don't need to do an XL anymore. I only need to do a an XL anymore. I only need to do a an XL anymore. I only need to do a large. So, these are kind of sliding off large. So, these are kind of sliding off large. So, these are kind of sliding off my hip a bit. But, I'm going to put my hip a bit. But, I'm going to put my hip a bit. But, I'm going to put these hair ties at the bottom of them. these hair ties at the bottom of them. these hair ties at the bottom of them. And I'm going to like flip it in cuz I And I'm going to like flip it in cuz I And I'm going to like flip it in cuz I kind of want to do like a really lax kind of want to do like a really lax kind of want to do like a really lax looking jogger look. And I saw this looking jogger look. And I saw this looking jogger look. And I saw this chick called Eevee Pennington. chick called Eevee Pennington. chick called Eevee Pennington. Pennington. She did something like this Pennington. She did something like this Pennington. She did something like this with a cute little flip-flop. Can you with a cute little flip-flop. Can you with a cute little flip-flop. Can you guys see what's going on? I can't see guys see what's going on? I can't see guys see what's going on? I can't see the camera in the back. I can't see at the camera in the back. I can't see at the camera in the back. I can't see at all cuz it's a camera. Hopefully this all cuz it's a camera. Hopefully this all cuz it's a camera. Hopefully this looks okay. I'm going to do the other looks okay. I'm going to do the other looks okay. I'm going to do the other side real quick. Yeah, there we go. That side real quick. Yeah, there we go. That side real quick. Yeah, there we go. That way I don't have to to keep cutting my way I don't have to to keep cutting my way I don't have to to keep cutting my pants, you know, cuz I was really going pants, you know, cuz I was really going pants, you know, cuz I was really going through a phase where I was just taking through a phase where I was just taking through a phase where I was just taking scissors to everything. Not that that's scissors to everything. Not that that's scissors to everything. Not that that's a problem. And I wasn't taking scissors a problem. And I wasn't taking scissors a problem. And I wasn't taking scissors to everything. [music] Okay, I was going to everything. [music] Okay, I was going to everything. [music] Okay, I was going to make a suicide joke, but that's not to make a suicide joke, but that's not to make a suicide joke, but that's not really that funny. So, no offense. I really that funny. So, no offense. I really that funny. So, no offense. I think I'm actually even going to switch think I'm actually even going to switch think I'm actually even going to switch cameras. Do you guys want me to switch? cameras. Do you guys want me to switch? cameras. Do you guys want me to switch? Like I be Do you guys care if I switch Like I be Do you guys care if I switch Like I be Do you guys care if I switch cameras? Like the quality just switches cameras? Like the quality just switches cameras? Like the quality just switches up randomly. No feedback from the up randomly. No feedback from the up randomly. No feedback from the audience, right? Okay, I forgot this is audience, right? Okay, I forgot this is audience, right? Okay, I forgot this is a dictatorship. Okay, it's not a a dictatorship. Okay, it's not a a dictatorship. Okay, it's not a democracy over here. I'm going to give democracy over here. I'm going to give democracy over here. I'm going to give what you get. Okay, wait. I'm back. What what you get. Okay, wait. I'm back. What what you get. Okay, wait. I'm back. What if we did a bandana with it, right? if we did a bandana with it, right? if we did a bandana with it, right? Like, what if I was just like, "Oh, Like, what if I was just like, "Oh, Like, what if I was just like, "Oh, cute, casual. Add the bandana." I know cute, casual. Add the bandana." I know cute, casual. Add the bandana." I know you guys like this. A few times I've you guys like this. A few times I've you guys like this. A few times I've brought this out, you guys have been brought this out, you guys have been brought this out, you guys have been very pleased. My thing is is like, do I very pleased. My thing is is like, do I very pleased. My thing is is like, do I want to wear it like, you know, do I want to wear it like, you know, do I want to wear it like, you know, do I want to wear it like Little Girl in the want to wear it like Little Girl in the want to wear it like Little Girl in the Prairie or do I want to wear it like a Prairie or do I want to wear it like a Prairie or do I want to wear it like a thug? Is it okay if I make a joke about thug? Is it okay if I make a joke about thug? Is it okay if I make a joke about Crypts and Bloods or is that like not Crypts and Bloods or is that like not Crypts and Bloods or is that like not like a no-go? Can someone in Cali like like a no-go? Can someone in Cali like like a no-go? Can someone in Cali like let me know? Can I make a joke and it let me know? Can I make a joke and it let me know? Can I make a joke and it not be an issue? Or have I marked not be an issue? Or have I marked not be an issue? Or have I marked myself? Because I can go grab the blue myself? Because I can go grab the blue myself? Because I can go grab the blue one and kind of not segregate it a bit, one and kind of not segregate it a bit, one and kind of not segregate it a bit, you know, like make it seem more like you know, like make it seem more like you know, like make it seem more like unity, but I'm I'm just not sure. I'm unity, but I'm I'm just not sure. I'm unity, but I'm I'm just not sure. I'm just I'm really not sure. Before I put just I'm really not sure. Before I put just I'm really not sure. Before I put this on, though, this Josie Moran body this on, though, this Josie Moran body this on, though, this Josie Moran body butter, I've talked about it so many butter, I've talked about it so many butter, I've talked about it so many times and I'm shocked that I'm like times and I'm shocked that I'm like times and I'm shocked that I'm like struggling to get on that PR list. It's struggling to get on that PR list. It's struggling to get on that PR list. It's so good. There's like argan oil in it. so good. There's like argan oil in it. so good. There's like argan oil in it. There's other I mean, I guess I should There's other I mean, I guess I should There's other I mean, I guess I should read it, right? It's a whipped argan oil read it, right? It's a whipped argan oil read it, right? It's a whipped argan oil body butter. I thought there would be body butter. I thought there would be body butter. I thought there would be there'd be more of a descriptor on there'd be more of a descriptor on there'd be more of a descriptor on there, but there's not. I don't I'm all there, but there's not. I don't I'm all there, but there's not. I don't I'm all in for just being moisturized. One of in for just being moisturized. One of in for just being moisturized. One of the other ones I've been using as well the other ones I've been using as well the other ones I've been using as well has been this Soul Day Janeiro one. Can has been this Soul Day Janeiro one. Can has been this Soul Day Janeiro one. Can you guys see? Are you going to focus? you guys see? Are you going to focus? you guys see? Are you going to focus? Are you going to focus? Are you going to Are you going to focus? Are you going to Are you going to focus? Are you going to focus? Yeah, this Soul de Janeiro body focus? Yeah, this Soul de Janeiro body focus? Yeah, this Soul de Janeiro body butter. butter. butter. Sorry. I've been doing that one a lot Sorry. I've been doing that one a lot Sorry. I've been doing that one a lot too like after the shower. But the only too like after the shower. But the only too like after the shower. But the only thing I don't like about it as much is thing I don't like about it as much is thing I don't like about it as much is that [music] it's like really the scent that [music] it's like really the scent that [music] it's like really the scent is just like it's really strong. Like is just like it's really strong. Like is just like it's really strong. Like and some people are going to really like and some people are going to really like and some people are going to really like that. Like my best friend, no Tino, no that. Like my best friend, no Tino, no that. Like my best friend, no Tino, no shade, but my best friend would love shade, but my best friend would love shade, but my best friend would love something like that. And it's like one something like that. And it's like one something like that. And it's like one of those things where it's like to eat of those things where it's like to eat of those things where it's like to eat your own. And it's not my each or my your own. And it's not my each or my your own. And it's not my each or my own. I'm more of like the only way that own. I'm more of like the only way that own. I'm more of like the only way that you'd really smell me that much is if you'd really smell me that much is if you'd really smell me that much is if you gave me [music] a nice hug. I don't you gave me [music] a nice hug. I don't you gave me [music] a nice hug. I don't know. I just don't like people choking know. I just don't like people choking know. I just don't like people choking on my scent. It's just not my vibe. I on my scent. It's just not my vibe. I on my scent. It's just not my vibe. I was going to put this on. This is the was going to put this on. This is the was going to put this on. This is the Oio body oil. If you've never tried Oio body oil. If you've never tried Oio body oil. If you've never tried this, this stuff is actually incredible. this, this stuff is actually incredible. this, this stuff is actually incredible. I worked with them on a partnership like I worked with them on a partnership like I worked with them on a partnership like months back and when they sent me the months back and when they sent me the months back and when they sent me the products I could try at first. The way products I could try at first. The way products I could try at first. The way that I was blown away, I was like, I that I was blown away, I was like, I that I was blown away, I was like, I think you will forever be in the lineup. think you will forever be in the lineup. think you will forever be in the lineup. I'm not going to put that on though I'm not going to put that on though I'm not going to put that on though because I walked outside a couple because I walked outside a couple because I walked outside a couple seconds ago and it is incredibly like seconds ago and it is incredibly like seconds ago and it is incredibly like humid. Like it's been so humid out here humid. Like it's been so humid out here humid. Like it's been so humid out here in Florida that it like makes me want to in Florida that it like makes me want to in Florida that it like makes me want to like throw myself off a cliff and it's like throw myself off a cliff and it's like throw myself off a cliff and it's crazy cuz I'm just like you wonder why crazy cuz I'm just like you wonder why crazy cuz I'm just like you wonder why like people don't like to wear wigs out like people don't like to wear wigs out like people don't like to wear wigs out here. It's because like there's no point here. It's because like there's no point here. It's because like there's no point in putting pin curls in them, right? in putting pin curls in them, right? in putting pin curls in them, right? There's no blowouts you can do. There's There's no blowouts you can do. There's There's no blowouts you can do. There's [music] no bombshell you could be unless [music] no bombshell you could be unless [music] no bombshell you could be unless your hair is naturally curly and is okay your hair is naturally curly and is okay your hair is naturally curly and is okay with humidity or straighter in braids with humidity or straighter in braids with humidity or straighter in braids and straight like your hair has to and straight like your hair has to and straight like your hair has to naturally be straight, you know? Okay, naturally be straight, you know? Okay, naturally be straight, you know? Okay, bandana time. I don't know. I really bandana time. I don't know. I really bandana time. I don't know. I really like that word. I haven't used it. Like, like that word. I haven't used it. Like, like that word. I haven't used it. Like, whoever came up with that word bandanna, whoever came up with that word bandanna, whoever came up with that word bandanna, I fear you did your big one, king or I fear you did your big one, king or I fear you did your big one, king or queen. Queen, you did your big one, queen. Queen, you did your big one, queen. Queen, you did your big one, queen. Even if it's a guy, you did your queen. Even if it's a guy, you did your queen. Even if it's a guy, you did your big one. And so, instead of trying to big one. And so, instead of trying to big one. And so, instead of trying to tuck it back in, I'm just going to cut tuck it back in, I'm just going to cut tuck it back in, I'm just going to cut it cuz I like to live life dangerously. it cuz I like to live life dangerously. it cuz I like to live life dangerously. Like, you said I cut that like too Like, you said I cut that like too Like, you said I cut that like too short. I feel like these should be like short. I feel like these should be like short. I feel like these should be like a little bit more, too. Yeah, like we could go get a little Yeah, like we could go get a little Yeah, like we could go get a little shorter. Okay. Like, how do we feel about that? Okay. Like, how do we feel about that? Okay. Like, how do we feel about that? Like, is it cute? Sorry. I don't know Like, is it cute? Sorry. I don't know Like, is it cute? Sorry. I don't know what I'm doing that for. You guys don't what I'm doing that for. You guys don't what I'm doing that for. You guys don't like it. That's what this is. That's why like it. That's what this is. That's why like it. That's what this is. That's why I haven't heard you guys give me any I haven't heard you guys give me any I haven't heard you guys give me any feedback. You don't like it. That's feedback. You don't like it. That's feedback. You don't like it. That's okay. I'm committing to it. okay. I'm committing to it. okay. I'm committing to it. I got my grocery bag because on this I got my grocery bag because on this I got my grocery bag because on this channel, we don't with plasties unless channel, we don't with plasties unless channel, we don't with plasties unless they're tits. Sorry. I just wanted to they're tits. Sorry. I just wanted to they're tits. Sorry. I just wanted to make a joke about my boots being fake. make a joke about my boots being fake. make a joke about my boots being fake. Okay, dude. It's so hot. By hot, I just Okay, dude. It's so hot. By hot, I just Okay, dude. It's so hot. By hot, I just mean it's like really humid and it just mean it's like really humid and it just mean it's like really humid and it just feels so nasty out. This is not feels so nasty out. This is not feels so nasty out. This is not sponsored. [music] sponsored. [music] sponsored. [music] I just really like this. And you guys, I just really like this. And you guys, I just really like this. And you guys, like I'm a Shirley Temple freak. like I'm a Shirley Temple freak. like I'm a Shirley Temple freak. Something about a Shirley Temple [music] Something about a Shirley Temple [music] Something about a Shirley Temple [music] is going to make me filthy. Okay, feel. is going to make me filthy. Okay, feel. is going to make me filthy. Okay, feel. And the reason for that, let me give you And the reason for that, let me give you And the reason for that, let me give you guys a little bit more insight about my guys a little bit more insight about my guys a little bit more insight about my childhood. So, my family's divorced. childhood. So, my family's divorced. childhood. So, my family's divorced. Duh. If you couldn't tell already, my Duh. If you couldn't tell already, my Duh. If you couldn't tell already, my family's divorced. And my dad used to family's divorced. And my dad used to family's divorced. And my dad used to get us for the summers when I was like get us for the summers when I was like get us for the summers when I was like for two or so years when I was a kid. for two or so years when I was a kid. for two or so years when I was a kid. And my dad was an eligible bachelor. And my dad was an eligible bachelor. And my dad was an eligible bachelor. Okay, if you guys have seen a picture Okay, if you guys have seen a picture Okay, if you guys have seen a picture [music] of my dad in his age group and [music] of my dad in his age group and [music] of my dad in his age group and in the age group of women that find in the age group of women that find in the age group of women that find older men attractive, I guess he would older men attractive, I guess he would older men attractive, I guess he would be considered a part of that. But he be considered a part of that. But he be considered a part of that. But he would take us to the TGIF Fridays so he would take us to the TGIF Fridays so he would take us to the TGIF Fridays so he could go on a date and we'd be there could go on a date and we'd be there could go on a date and we'd be there with our uncle cuz my uncle used to work with our uncle cuz my uncle used to work with our uncle cuz my uncle used to work at the bar at TGF Fridays. [music] And at the bar at TGF Fridays. [music] And at the bar at TGF Fridays. [music] And my uncle would make me and my brother my uncle would make me and my brother my uncle would make me and my brother unlimited Shirley Temples while we unlimited Shirley Temples while we unlimited Shirley Temples while we played games at the bar. It was so much played games at the bar. It was so much played games at the bar. It was so much fun. You know, there used to be a point fun. You know, there used to be a point fun. You know, there used to be a point in time where like that little screen in time where like that little screen in time where like that little screen had games. I don't know, but I've never had games. I don't know, but I've never had games. I don't know, but I've never I haven't been in TGI Friday for like I I haven't been in TGI Friday for like I I haven't been in TGI Friday for like I don't know 10 plus years. But yeah, it don't know 10 plus years. But yeah, it don't know 10 plus years. But yeah, it just reminds me of my childhood with a just reminds me of my childhood with a just reminds me of my childhood with a bit of of caffeine and something about bit of of caffeine and something about bit of of caffeine and something about that. Even though like I don't know, that. Even though like I don't know, that. Even though like I don't know, it's nostalgic and low key kind of makes it's nostalgic and low key kind of makes it's nostalgic and low key kind of makes me sad when I think back on it. I've me sad when I think back on it. I've me sad when I think back on it. I've been so emotional like what is going on? been so emotional like what is going on? been so emotional like what is going on? Well, I do know what's going on is that Well, I do know what's going on is that Well, I do know what's going on is that like I'm PMSing and I don't know if my like I'm PMSing and I don't know if my like I'm PMSing and I don't know if my PMSing is like getting worse the older I PMSing is like getting worse the older I PMSing is like getting worse the older I get or if I'm just recognizing that it's get or if I'm just recognizing that it's get or if I'm just recognizing that it's PMSing [music] and like I'm letting PMSing [music] and like I'm letting PMSing [music] and like I'm letting myself like fully be in it now. Do you myself like fully be in it now. Do you myself like fully be in it now. Do you know what I mean? I wasn't someone that know what I mean? I wasn't someone that know what I mean? I wasn't someone that ever cried. I was never someone that sat ever cried. I was never someone that sat ever cried. I was never someone that sat there and boohooed [music] or knew or or there and boohooed [music] or knew or or there and boohooed [music] or knew or or did any of that thing because I used to did any of that thing because I used to did any of that thing because I used to think that crying was like a weak thing. think that crying was like a weak thing. think that crying was like a weak thing. And it's because like that's another And it's because like that's another And it's because like that's another story. That's a longer story. It was story. That's a longer story. It was story. That's a longer story. It was literally feelings that I felt towards literally feelings that I felt towards literally feelings that I felt towards my stepdad at the time because we had a my stepdad at the time because we had a my stepdad at the time because we had a strange relationship and he was a crier. strange relationship and he was a crier. strange relationship and he was a crier. And so when I saw him cry like it made And so when I saw him cry like it made And so when I saw him cry like it made me not like people that cried. That's me not like people that cried. That's me not like people that cried. That's something that I've already dealt with something that I've already dealt with something that I've already dealt with in my [music] inner. Okay. Now I'm in my [music] inner. Okay. Now I'm in my [music] inner. Okay. Now I'm getting hyper emotional about my youth. getting hyper emotional about my youth. getting hyper emotional about my youth. And I'm still young. I'm not saying that And I'm still young. I'm not saying that And I'm still young. I'm not saying that like and I'm not saying 30's not young. like and I'm not saying 30's not young. like and I'm not saying 30's not young. I'm not saying 40 is not young because I'm not saying 40 is not young because I'm not saying 40 is not young because imagine if you're [music] 40 and you imagine if you're [music] 40 and you imagine if you're [music] 40 and you live to 100. That's 60 more years. You live to 100. That's 60 more years. You live to 100. That's 60 more years. You haven't even lived half your life, which haven't even lived half your life, which haven't even lived half your life, which is insane [music] to think about. It's is insane [music] to think about. It's is insane [music] to think about. It's not that I think that I'm not young not that I think that I'm not young not that I think that I'm not young anymore. I'm like recognizing that my anymore. I'm like recognizing that my anymore. I'm like recognizing that my life is like passing by. And not in like life is like passing by. And not in like life is like passing by. And not in like a I'm going to die way, but like in a a I'm going to die way, but like in a a I'm going to die way, but like in a you know, I'm would be considered the you know, I'm would be considered the you know, I'm would be considered the older co-orker at my job. Like I older co-orker at my job. Like I older co-orker at my job. Like I remember I used to be the youngest when remember I used to be the youngest when remember I used to be the youngest when I was working at Chick-fil-A, not I was working at Chick-fil-A, not I was working at Chick-fil-A, not Chick-fil-A, when I was [music] working Chick-fil-A, when I was [music] working Chick-fil-A, when I was [music] working at Chipotle or Olive Garden. And then at Chipotle or Olive Garden. And then at Chipotle or Olive Garden. And then all of a sudden when I was 22, 23, all of a sudden when I was 22, 23, all of a sudden when I was 22, 23, [music] I was now the oldest at that [music] I was now the oldest at that [music] I was now the oldest at that workplace, like one of the oldest. Now workplace, like one of the oldest. Now workplace, like one of the oldest. Now that I'm 26, you know, they're doing all that I'm 26, you know, they're doing all that I'm 26, you know, they're doing all these reboots [music] like 13 Going on these reboots [music] like 13 Going on these reboots [music] like 13 Going on 30 and like they're, you know, rebooting 30 and like they're, you know, rebooting 30 and like they're, you know, rebooting Camp Rock with a new cast [music] and Camp Rock with a new cast [music] and Camp Rock with a new cast [music] and the Cheetah Girls and all this stuff. the Cheetah Girls and all this stuff. the Cheetah Girls and all this stuff. And I'm just like, oh my god, like I am And I'm just like, oh my god, like I am And I'm just like, oh my god, like I am aging out of what used to be my aging out of what used to be my aging out of what used to be my childhood. And it makes [music] me so childhood. And it makes [music] me so childhood. And it makes [music] me so sad. I don't know if that makes any sad. I don't know if that makes any sad. I don't know if that makes any sense. It just makes me really sad. And sense. It just makes me really sad. And sense. It just makes me really sad. And I feel like I've been dealing with it in I feel like I've been dealing with it in I feel like I've been dealing with it in a normal way. I'm just crying. a normal way. I'm just crying. a normal way. I'm just crying. I've just been crying like at the gym. I've just been crying like at the gym. I've just been crying like at the gym. Catch me with the wrong Disney [music] Catch me with the wrong Disney [music] Catch me with the wrong Disney [music] Channel recap Channel recap Channel recap and you got yours. I got mine. And then and you got yours. I got mine. And then and you got yours. I got mine. And then like they have like the montage of like like they have like the montage of like like they have like the montage of like all the like the great [music] Disney all the like the great [music] Disney all the like the great [music] Disney shows. Yeah. Like catch me with that shows. Yeah. Like catch me with that shows. Yeah. Like catch me with that wrong edit. I'm balding. The only thing wrong edit. I'm balding. The only thing wrong edit. I'm balding. The only thing that makes me wet at the gym is [music] that makes me wet at the gym is [music] that makes me wet at the gym is [music] not my sweat, it's my tears. And my not my sweat, it's my tears. And my not my sweat, it's my tears. And my tears are not from excessive work, it's tears are not from excessive work, it's tears are not from excessive work, it's from sadness. I don't know. I feel like from sadness. I don't know. I feel like from sadness. I don't know. I feel like I'm grieving. So, now that we kind of I'm grieving. So, now that we kind of I'm grieving. So, now that we kind of got that weird thing out the way, we're got that weird thing out the way, we're got that weird thing out the way, we're about to go grocery shopping. I actually about to go grocery shopping. I actually about to go grocery shopping. I actually don't need that many groceries. The don't need that many groceries. The don't need that many groceries. The reason why I don't need that many reason why I don't need that many reason why I don't need that many groceries is because I've been lazy groceries is because I've been lazy groceries is because I've been lazy eating. I've been lazy healthy eating. eating. I've been lazy healthy eating. eating. I've been lazy healthy eating. Okay? And by healthy, I've been lazy Okay? And by healthy, I've been lazy Okay? And by healthy, I've been lazy macro friendly eating. Okay? We say that macro friendly eating. Okay? We say that macro friendly eating. Okay? We say that because I I really don't like that word because I I really don't like that word because I I really don't like that word healthy. It's just not my favorite word. healthy. It's just not my favorite word. healthy. It's just not my favorite word. Sometimes I'll use it in the thumbnails Sometimes I'll use it in the thumbnails Sometimes I'll use it in the thumbnails and or like the titles, but it's just and or like the titles, but it's just and or like the titles, but it's just because [music] it's SEO, like it's because [music] it's SEO, like it's because [music] it's SEO, like it's searchable. But on this page, that word searchable. But on this page, that word searchable. But on this page, that word in particular, it's just a lot of nuance in particular, it's just a lot of nuance in particular, it's just a lot of nuance with it. So, I'm not going to use it for with it. So, I'm not going to use it for with it. So, I'm not going to use it for foods. I have a lot of this stuff foods. I have a lot of this stuff foods. I have a lot of this stuff already. So, the only thing that I want already. So, the only thing that I want already. So, the only thing that I want to switch up, [music] and I talked about to switch up, [music] and I talked about to switch up, [music] and I talked about this a little bit earlier, is that I do this a little bit earlier, is that I do this a little bit earlier, is that I do want to add a couple more extra veggies, want to add a couple more extra veggies, want to add a couple more extra veggies, just some micronutrients in there just just some micronutrients in there just just some micronutrients in there just to like add a little bit more balance. to like add a little bit more balance. to like add a little bit more balance. So, for breakfast, I have been doing So, for breakfast, I have been doing So, for breakfast, I have been doing boiled eggs, kiwi, drinkable Greek boiled eggs, kiwi, drinkable Greek boiled eggs, kiwi, drinkable Greek yogurt, and some protein waffles. Now, yogurt, and some protein waffles. Now, yogurt, and some protein waffles. Now, again, like the Kodiak [music] protein again, like the Kodiak [music] protein again, like the Kodiak [music] protein waffles, anything that is listed as high waffles, anything that is listed as high waffles, anything that is listed as high protein, this high protein that, and protein, this high protein that, and protein, this high protein that, and it's something that's highly processed, it's something that's highly processed, it's something that's highly processed, I'm really not a fan of. However, I'm really not a fan of. However, I'm really not a fan of. However, [music] in this moment, I'm just not [music] in this moment, I'm just not [music] in this moment, I'm just not going to give a, right? It is practice going to give a, right? It is practice going to give a, right? It is practice what you preach. And for most of the what you preach. And for most of the what you preach. And for most of the things that I consume, I live that things that I consume, I live that things that I consume, I live that truth. Okay? But for those waffles at truth. Okay? But for those waffles at truth. Okay? But for those waffles at the moment, I'm not living [music] that the moment, I'm not living [music] that the moment, I'm not living [music] that truth. So, what I'm going to do is I'm truth. So, what I'm going to do is I'm truth. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to let those kind of die out. I going to let those kind of die out. I going to let those kind of die out. I think I have about [music] a couple more think I have about [music] a couple more think I have about [music] a couple more days worth of them. And then I'm going days worth of them. And then I'm going days worth of them. And then I'm going to reintroduce sourdough bread back into to reintroduce sourdough bread back into to reintroduce sourdough bread back into my diet. And I want it to be like a high my diet. And I want it to be like a high my diet. And I want it to be like a high protein option, like [music] another cuz protein option, like [music] another cuz protein option, like [music] another cuz I think it's like 16 g of protein from I think it's like 16 g of protein from I think it's like 16 g of protein from those waffles. So, I want to introduce those waffles. So, I want to introduce those waffles. So, I want to introduce something that's also going to bring me something that's also going to bring me something that's also going to bring me back a little bit more in there. But I back a little bit more in there. But I back a little bit more in there. But I could just do eggs [music] and cheese. I could just do eggs [music] and cheese. I could just do eggs [music] and cheese. I could just do eggs and cheese. I haven't could just do eggs and cheese. I haven't could just do eggs and cheese. I haven't really done cheese in a minute. I think really done cheese in a minute. I think really done cheese in a minute. I think in my head I'm just like, oh, like if I in my head I'm just like, oh, like if I in my head I'm just like, oh, like if I do cheese, like it has to be like do cheese, like it has to be like do cheese, like it has to be like scramble my eggs or something. I'm like, scramble my eggs or something. I'm like, scramble my eggs or something. I'm like, I guess I could just cut a slice of I guess I could just cut a slice of I guess I could just cut a slice of cheese. Do you know what I mean? It's cheese. Do you know what I mean? It's cheese. Do you know what I mean? It's not going to be 16 g, but it could be not going to be 16 g, but it could be not going to be 16 g, but it could be seven and a wins win. So, yeah, that's seven and a wins win. So, yeah, that's seven and a wins win. So, yeah, that's what breakfast is looking at. what breakfast is looking at. what breakfast is looking at. Pre-workout snack, I'm doing musli, Pre-workout snack, I'm doing musli, Pre-workout snack, I'm doing musli, which you guys have seen the evolution which you guys have seen the evolution which you guys have seen the evolution of my pre-workout snacks. If you've been of my pre-workout snacks. If you've been of my pre-workout snacks. If you've been with this channel for a while, you with this channel for a while, you with this channel for a while, you follow me on short form content, but follow me on short form content, but follow me on short form content, but like you know, it went from being one of like you know, it went from being one of like you know, it went from being one of these things where I was like, "Yeah, these things where I was like, "Yeah, these things where I was like, "Yeah, like we love the rice cakes with honey like we love the rice cakes with honey like we love the rice cakes with honey and salt and then it transitioned and salt and then it transitioned and salt and then it transitioned into Cheerios and then it transitioned into Cheerios and then it transitioned into Cheerios and then it transitioned into dates with honey and then it into dates with honey and then it into dates with honey and then it transitioned like there was a period of transitioned like there was a period of transitioned like there was a period of time where I tried to do a Rice Krispie time where I tried to do a Rice Krispie time where I tried to do a Rice Krispie treat. [music] I just don't like the way treat. [music] I just don't like the way treat. [music] I just don't like the way that tastes." It was this protein cereal that tastes." It was this protein cereal that tastes." It was this protein cereal that I got at Whole Foods and now we that I got at Whole Foods and now we that I got at Whole Foods and now we were at Musli which are just like oats were at Musli which are just like oats were at Musli which are just like oats and stuff. It's just like oats and I and stuff. It's just like oats and I and stuff. It's just like oats and I really like it right now. I've been really like it right now. I've been really like it right now. I've been having it with lactose-free milk, having it with lactose-free milk, having it with lactose-free milk, particularly the Fairlife milk, just particularly the Fairlife milk, just particularly the Fairlife milk, just because there is some extra protein in because there is some extra protein in because there is some extra protein in there. And I'll do like the fat-ree one there. And I'll do like the fat-ree one there. And I'll do like the fat-ree one or the 2%. And then that's my or the 2%. And then that's my or the 2%. And then that's my pre-workout snack. Post-workout snack, I pre-workout snack. Post-workout snack, I pre-workout snack. Post-workout snack, I have not been doing any more protein have not been doing any more protein have not been doing any more protein shakes or any more protein bars. I'm shakes or any more protein bars. I'm shakes or any more protein bars. I'm done with them. Unless I have to, I'm done with them. Unless I have to, I'm done with them. Unless I have to, I'm done with them. They just started to done with them. They just started to done with them. They just started to taste. And I I love Built [music] Bars, taste. And I I love Built [music] Bars, taste. And I I love Built [music] Bars, but I'm telling you, like it got to a but I'm telling you, like it got to a but I'm telling you, like it got to a point where I was eating it and I was point where I was eating it and I was point where I was eating it and I was like, what the You know, you start like, what the You know, you start like, what the You know, you start chewing something and it just doesn't chewing something and it just doesn't chewing something and it just doesn't taste right. Like it doesn't taste like taste right. Like it doesn't taste like taste right. Like it doesn't taste like it should taste like that. Like that's it should taste like that. Like that's it should taste like that. Like that's where I was at. So yeah, like I can't where I was at. So yeah, like I can't where I was at. So yeah, like I can't eat those anymore. Like I'm done. I eat those anymore. Like I'm done. I eat those anymore. Like I'm done. I can't eat them anymore. And stuff like can't eat them anymore. And stuff like can't eat them anymore. And stuff like that. Again, it just like if you're that. Again, it just like if you're that. Again, it just like if you're wondering why you're like bloating and wondering why you're like bloating and wondering why you're like bloating and your stomach [music] is hurt and your your stomach [music] is hurt and your your stomach [music] is hurt and your nothing's digesting right cuz the older nothing's digesting right cuz the older nothing's digesting right cuz the older you get, this will get worse. Some you get, this will get worse. Some you get, this will get worse. Some people are very lucky, some very far in people are very lucky, some very far in people are very lucky, some very far in between, but [music] the older you get between, but [music] the older you get between, but [music] the older you get this will get worse. Okay. My this will get worse. Okay. My this will get worse. Okay. My sensitivity to food has gone out the sensitivity to food has gone out the sensitivity to food has gone out the roof. is something that makes it really roof. is something that makes it really roof. is something that makes it really really easy for me to not [music] eat really easy for me to not [music] eat really easy for me to not [music] eat fast food is that now when I eat it fast food is that now when I eat it fast food is that now when I eat it because I'm so consistent with eating a because I'm so consistent with eating a because I'm so consistent with eating a lot of whole foods and balanced meals lot of whole foods and balanced meals lot of whole foods and balanced meals when I eat fast food [music] like fries when I eat fast food [music] like fries when I eat fast food [music] like fries or something like that do my stomach or something like that do my stomach or something like that do my stomach hurts bad. My stomach hurts really hurts bad. My stomach hurts really hurts bad. My stomach hurts really really bad. Okay. Or like I had like a really bad. Okay. Or like I had like a really bad. Okay. Or like I had like a Chick-fil-A meal with my dad when I went Chick-fil-A meal with my dad when I went Chick-fil-A meal with my dad when I went to go visit him and as soon as [music] I to go visit him and as soon as [music] I to go visit him and as soon as [music] I ate it dude was like I knocked out on my ate it dude was like I knocked out on my ate it dude was like I knocked out on my couch and I'm like food should not be couch and I'm like food should not be couch and I'm like food should not be making you feel like that, right? Like making you feel like that, right? Like making you feel like that, right? Like you shouldn't feel instantly drowsy and you shouldn't feel instantly drowsy and you shouldn't feel instantly drowsy and tired [music] after eating a meal. Like tired [music] after eating a meal. Like tired [music] after eating a meal. Like that's not normal. So yeah, like it's that's not normal. So yeah, like it's that's not normal. So yeah, like it's easy. Or like I'll have Wings Stop and easy. Or like I'll have Wings Stop and easy. Or like I'll have Wings Stop and [music] I'm like, "Okay, like yeah, like [music] I'm like, "Okay, like yeah, like [music] I'm like, "Okay, like yeah, like cheat meal or you know, or like not even cheat meal or you know, or like not even cheat meal or you know, or like not even a cheat meal, like you know, I'm going a cheat meal, like you know, I'm going a cheat meal, like you know, I'm going to eat [music] this." And I eat it and to eat [music] this." And I eat it and to eat [music] this." And I eat it and again like I feel like crap. I feel again like I feel like crap. I feel again like I feel like crap. I feel gross. I feel heavy [music] and like I'm gross. I feel heavy [music] and like I'm gross. I feel heavy [music] and like I'm really really happy that like I'm at really really happy that like I'm at really really happy that like I'm at that point now because it makes it that point now because it makes it that point now because it makes it really really easy to not continue to really really easy to not continue to really really easy to not continue to keep [music] gravitating towards those keep [music] gravitating towards those keep [music] gravitating towards those things. And I think it's something that things. And I think it's something that things. And I think it's something that genuinely only comes with time. And the genuinely only comes with time. And the genuinely only comes with time. And the longer and the more consistently that longer and the more consistently that longer and the more consistently that you are eating those whole foods because you are eating those whole foods because you are eating those whole foods because then it starts reminding you again, we then it starts reminding you again, we then it starts reminding you again, we should not be eating this like should not be eating this like should not be eating this like McDonald's. I actually like and never McDonald's. I actually like and never McDonald's. I actually like and never say never of course. [music] I don't say never of course. [music] I don't say never of course. [music] I don't think I'm ever going to go back there. I think I'm ever going to go back there. I think I'm ever going to go back there. I don't think I'm ever going to go back to don't think I'm ever going to go back to don't think I'm ever going to go back to McDonald's unless someone brings me a McDonald's unless someone brings me a McDonald's unless someone brings me a hash brown. But if that's not the case, hash brown. But if that's not the case, hash brown. But if that's not the case, I don't think [music] I'm ever going I don't think [music] I'm ever going I don't think [music] I'm ever going back there. I'm not placing judgment on back there. I'm not placing judgment on back there. I'm not placing judgment on anyone. Like if you love McDonald's, I anyone. Like if you love McDonald's, I anyone. Like if you love McDonald's, I love that you love McDonald's. Okay? love that you love McDonald's. Okay? love that you love McDonald's. Okay? There was a point in time that I really There was a point in time that I really There was a point in time that I really like Moe's queso. I used to be able to like Moe's queso. I used to be able to like Moe's queso. I used to be able to [music] eat the 12 box taco from Taco [music] eat the 12 box taco from Taco [music] eat the 12 box taco from Taco Bell. All of them. All 12. Crunchy sour Bell. All of them. All 12. Crunchy sour Bell. All of them. All 12. Crunchy sour cream. [music] Supreme loaded. But now I cream. [music] Supreme loaded. But now I cream. [music] Supreme loaded. But now I can't even imagine it. I can't imagine can't even imagine it. I can't imagine can't even imagine it. I can't imagine it because this food, it's like the it because this food, it's like the it because this food, it's like the quality of the food is getting worse. Or quality of the food is getting worse. Or quality of the food is getting worse. Or maybe my palette is getting a little bit maybe my palette is getting a little bit maybe my palette is getting a little bit more particular. Either way, like it's more particular. Either way, like it's more particular. Either way, like it's done. Like I'm done. Now for lunch and done. Like I'm done. Now for lunch and done. Like I'm done. Now for lunch and dinner, [music] I've been having the dinner, [music] I've been having the dinner, [music] I've been having the exact same thing. I've been doing exact same thing. I've been doing exact same thing. I've been doing literally tuna, rice, some crispy literally tuna, rice, some crispy literally tuna, rice, some crispy seaweed on the side, half an avocado for seaweed on the side, half an avocado for seaweed on the side, half an avocado for some healthy fats in there. [music] I'll some healthy fats in there. [music] I'll some healthy fats in there. [music] I'll season the tuna with rice wine vinegar season the tuna with rice wine vinegar season the tuna with rice wine vinegar and like some biyak seasoning. [music] and like some biyak seasoning. [music] and like some biyak seasoning. [music] And that oh that has been doing me And that oh that has been doing me And that oh that has been doing me wonders. Someone in my comments wonders. Someone in my comments wonders. Someone in my comments recommended that I add some pickled recommended that I add some pickled recommended that I add some pickled onions to it and some [music] tomatoes. onions to it and some [music] tomatoes. onions to it and some [music] tomatoes. So that's what I'm going to do this week So that's what I'm going to do this week So that's what I'm going to do this week because I do think it's going to be because I do think it's going to be because I do think it's going to be really really tasty. The beautiful thing really really tasty. The beautiful thing really really tasty. The beautiful thing about that type of meal prepping or that about that type of meal prepping or that about that type of meal prepping or that type of food is that if you don't grab type of food is that if you don't grab type of food is that if you don't grab the tuna pack from the store and call it the tuna pack from the store and call it the tuna pack from the store and call it a day and then you only really need to a day and then you only really need to a day and then you only really need to cook the rice and you can cook the rice cook the rice and you can cook the rice cook the rice and you can cook the rice in bulk. You know, I cook the rice for in bulk. You know, I cook the rice for in bulk. You know, I cook the rice for like 3 days at a time and that way I like 3 days at a time and that way I like 3 days at a time and that way I don't have to worry about feeling don't have to worry about feeling don't have to worry about feeling overwhelmed or stressed. And I know some overwhelmed or stressed. And I know some overwhelmed or stressed. And I know some of you guys again are going to be like, of you guys again are going to be like, of you guys again are going to be like, "Oh, I can't eat the same thing over and "Oh, I can't eat the same thing over and "Oh, I can't eat the same thing over and over again." I get that. Like you can't over again." I get that. Like you can't over again." I get that. Like you can't eat the same thing over and over again eat the same thing over and over again eat the same thing over and over again when you don't really like it, right? So when you don't really like it, right? So when you don't really like it, right? So now the goal for you would be to then now the goal for you would be to then now the goal for you would be to then find something that you really like and find something that you really like and find something that you really like and that's going to take time to figure out. that's going to take time to figure out. that's going to take time to figure out. I mean, if you guys have been on my page I mean, if you guys have been on my page I mean, if you guys have been on my page for a while, you know that I have done for a while, you know that I have done for a while, you know that I have done so many random meal preps and some of so many random meal preps and some of so many random meal preps and some of them lasted a really long time. There them lasted a really long time. There them lasted a really long time. There was a point where I was having a beefogi was a point where I was having a beefogi was a point where I was having a beefogi bowl for lunch and dinner, just like I'm bowl for lunch and dinner, just like I'm bowl for lunch and dinner, just like I'm having this tuna bowl for lunch and having this tuna bowl for lunch and having this tuna bowl for lunch and dinner literally every day for a year. dinner literally every day for a year. dinner literally every day for a year. And then there's going to be times And then there's going to be times And then there's going to be times where, you know, I did like a lasagna where, you know, I did like a lasagna where, you know, I did like a lasagna soup or I did like spaghetti. [music] I soup or I did like spaghetti. [music] I soup or I did like spaghetti. [music] I did like Greek meatballs. Those are did like Greek meatballs. Those are did like Greek meatballs. Those are really good though, you know, where it really good though, you know, where it really good though, you know, where it just didn't stick as much. It just just didn't stick as much. It just just didn't stick as much. It just didn't hit the same. [music] So, you'll didn't hit the same. [music] So, you'll didn't hit the same. [music] So, you'll have to figure some things out. And in have to figure some things out. And in have to figure some things out. And in that, you'll have to waste some time and that, you'll have to waste some time and that, you'll have to waste some time and you'll probably have to waste a little you'll probably have to waste a little you'll probably have to waste a little bit of money on ingredients. But once bit of money on ingredients. But once bit of money on ingredients. But once you figure it out, like stick with it you figure it out, like stick with it you figure it out, like stick with it and just see what it does, right? A lot and just see what it does, right? A lot and just see what it does, right? A lot of you guys are asking [music] me or of you guys are asking [music] me or of you guys are asking [music] me or pointing out on my comments like, pointing out on my comments like, pointing out on my comments like, "What's the secret? What's the secret?" "What's the secret? What's the secret?" "What's the secret? What's the secret?" The secret is that the skills that I've The secret is that the skills that I've The secret is that the skills that I've been telling you for the past 4 years, been telling you for the past 4 years, been telling you for the past 4 years, not four [music] years, are we at 4 not four [music] years, are we at 4 not four [music] years, are we at 4 years? No, I started YouTube. For the years? No, I started YouTube. For the years? No, I started YouTube. For the past 3 years, the skills that I have past 3 years, the skills that I have past 3 years, the skills that I have been sharing with you guys, I'm finally been sharing with you guys, I'm finally been sharing with you guys, I'm finally at a point where I have been able at a point where I have been able at a point where I have been able [music] to continue to be consistent and [music] to continue to be consistent and [music] to continue to be consistent and replicate these skills over and over and replicate these skills over and over and replicate these skills over and over and over again. Fitness is like [music] a over again. Fitness is like [music] a over again. Fitness is like [music] a sport, okay? It's a sport. It's a sport sport, okay? It's a sport. It's a sport sport, okay? It's a sport. It's a sport that you have to practice. You have to that you have to practice. You have to that you have to practice. You have to practice being good at these skills, practice being good at these skills, practice being good at these skills, right? The skill isn't knowing how to do right? The skill isn't knowing how to do right? The skill isn't knowing how to do it. The skill is being able to execute it. The skill is being able to execute it. The skill is being able to execute it over and over and over again. [music] it over and over and over again. [music] it over and over and over again. [music] You know, I'll give you another example. You know, I'll give you another example. You know, I'll give you another example. I know this is such a long yap. I'm I know this is such a long yap. I'm I know this is such a long yap. I'm sorry if I'm like boring you guys. I'll sorry if I'm like boring you guys. I'll sorry if I'm like boring you guys. I'll give you another example. Like one of my give you another example. Like one of my give you another example. Like one of my girlfriends invited me out [music] to go girlfriends invited me out [music] to go girlfriends invited me out [music] to go have a trauma dump ice cream date and I have a trauma dump ice cream date and I have a trauma dump ice cream date and I went with her and usually I would go in went with her and usually I would go in went with her and usually I would go in there and I'm like, "Okay, like let me there and I'm like, "Okay, like let me there and I'm like, "Okay, like let me get all the extra [music] toppings. Let get all the extra [music] toppings. Let get all the extra [music] toppings. Let me do all of this. Let me get a com, you me do all of this. Let me get a com, you me do all of this. Let me get a com, you know, let me do the works, right? Like know, let me do the works, right? Like know, let me do the works, right? Like if I'm going in here because, you know, if I'm going in here because, you know, if I'm going in here because, you know, I love to have a great [music] time with I love to have a great [music] time with I love to have a great [music] time with ice cream. Ice cream is like my favorite ice cream. Ice cream is like my favorite ice cream. Ice cream is like my favorite dessert. Instead of getting two, three dessert. Instead of getting two, three dessert. Instead of getting two, three scoops of ice cream. I did one scoop. I scoops of ice cream. I did one scoop. I scoops of ice cream. I did one scoop. I I tasted some of [music] them. I didn't I tasted some of [music] them. I didn't I tasted some of [music] them. I didn't finish the taster because you don't need finish the taster because you don't need finish the taster because you don't need to do that, especially if you don't even to do that, especially if you don't even to do that, especially if you don't even like the flavor [music] that much. And I like the flavor [music] that much. And I like the flavor [music] that much. And I got one scoop and I got sprinkles. I got one scoop and I got sprinkles. I got one scoop and I got sprinkles. I told myself that, especially because told myself that, especially because told myself that, especially because like again, it's out the blue. It wasn't like again, it's out the blue. It wasn't like again, it's out the blue. It wasn't something that I was planning on doing. something that I was planning on doing. something that I was planning on doing. I told myself [music] that I could get a I told myself [music] that I could get a I told myself [music] that I could get a scoop of ice cream and one topping of my scoop of ice cream and one topping of my scoop of ice cream and one topping of my choice. And I got a scoop of ice cream. choice. And I got a scoop of ice cream. choice. And I got a scoop of ice cream. It [music] was like this really tasty It [music] was like this really tasty It [music] was like this really tasty banana kind of bananas fosters dolce de banana kind of bananas fosters dolce de banana kind of bananas fosters dolce de leche ice cream flavor. I got it in a leche ice cream flavor. I got it in a leche ice cream flavor. I got it in a waffle cone and I got these delicious waffle cone and I got these delicious waffle cone and I got these delicious ube sprinkles on it [music] and I ate ube sprinkles on it [music] and I ate ube sprinkles on it [music] and I ate the whole thing and it was so good. And the whole thing and it was so good. And the whole thing and it was so good. And after I was done eating the whole thing after I was done eating the whole thing after I was done eating the whole thing I was like oh wait like I'm actually sat I was like oh wait like I'm actually sat I was like oh wait like I'm actually sat like I'm fully satisfied with this like I'm fully satisfied with this like I'm fully satisfied with this because the other half of me would have because the other half of me would have because the other half of me would have been like oh but like I also kind of been like oh but like I also kind of been like oh but like I also kind of like this flavor too so I should get like this flavor too so I should get like this flavor too so I should get both flavors. But like I would have just both flavors. But like I would have just both flavors. But like I would have just forced myself to finish it because I forced myself to finish it because I forced myself to finish it because I [music] got both even though deep down I [music] got both even though deep down I [music] got both even though deep down I knew that I didn't need both. And it's knew that I didn't need both. And it's knew that I didn't need both. And it's about literally listening to your body about literally listening to your body about literally listening to your body and asking yourself how do [music] you and asking yourself how do [music] you and asking yourself how do [music] you actually feel? Like do I feel okay? like actually feel? Like do I feel okay? like actually feel? Like do I feel okay? like am I eating this for the sake of eating am I eating this for the sake of eating am I eating this for the sake of eating it? That's why I'm like so against it? That's why I'm like so against it? That's why I'm like so against having for me personally and that's also having for me personally and that's also having for me personally and that's also because I have a binge eating disorder because I have a binge eating disorder because I have a binge eating disorder or I've suffered I don't want to say or I've suffered I don't want to say or I've suffered I don't want to say I've suffer I've suffered a lot worse I've suffer I've suffered a lot worse I've suffer I've suffered a lot worse than I do now. I haven't binged [music] than I do now. I haven't binged [music] than I do now. I haven't binged [music] in so long thank God with binge eating in so long thank God with binge eating in so long thank God with binge eating disorder. And so having a lot of snacks disorder. And so having a lot of snacks disorder. And so having a lot of snacks that like are not a part of my plan at that like are not a part of my plan at that like are not a part of my plan at home for the sake of having them. It home for the sake of having them. It home for the sake of having them. It it's okay when I'm having a good week, it's okay when I'm having a good week, it's okay when I'm having a good week, but when [music] I'm not having a good but when [music] I'm not having a good but when [music] I'm not having a good week or maybe when I'm extra cravy or week or maybe when I'm extra cravy or week or maybe when I'm extra cravy or anything like that like and those snacks anything like that like and those snacks anything like that like and those snacks are available to me. I personally do not are available to me. I personally do not are available to me. I personally do not have enough strength to tell [music] have enough strength to tell [music] have enough strength to tell [music] myself no in the moment. Okay? It's myself no in the moment. Okay? It's myself no in the moment. Okay? It's something that I'll be like thinking something that I'll be like thinking something that I'll be like thinking over and over and over again. It's the over and over and over again. It's the over and over and over again. It's the only thing I'm thinking on my mind. I'm only thing I'm thinking on my mind. I'm only thing I'm thinking on my mind. I'm only thinking [music] be disciplined. only thinking [music] be disciplined. only thinking [music] be disciplined. Say no, don't eat it. I don't have to do Say no, don't eat it. I don't have to do Say no, don't eat it. I don't have to do any of that if it's not in the house. any of that if it's not in the house. any of that if it's not in the house. Okay? So, the snacks that I keep in my Okay? So, the snacks that I keep in my Okay? So, the snacks that I keep in my house support the plan, support the house support the plan, support the house support the plan, support the goal. Okay? So, whether [music] that's goal. Okay? So, whether [music] that's goal. Okay? So, whether [music] that's maybe some little cutie pie oranges or maybe some little cutie pie oranges or maybe some little cutie pie oranges or like kiwis or like I'll have some frozen like kiwis or like I'll have some frozen like kiwis or like I'll have some frozen fruit or like an outshine pops in the fruit or like an outshine pops in the fruit or like an outshine pops in the freezer. I really like fruit riot. Like freezer. I really like fruit riot. Like freezer. I really like fruit riot. Like that's what I've been having at the end that's what I've been having at the end that's what I've been having at the end of the night. It's like a cute little of the night. It's like a cute little of the night. It's like a cute little fruit dessert. I love it. You know, like fruit dessert. I love it. You know, like fruit dessert. I love it. You know, like nobody wants to binge eat beef sticks. nobody wants to binge eat beef sticks. nobody wants to binge eat beef sticks. Like nobody wants to do that. Like Like nobody wants to do that. Like Like nobody wants to do that. Like that's not [music] hitting it. But I that's not [music] hitting it. But I that's not [music] hitting it. But I promise you when your back is against promise you when your back is against promise you when your back is against the wall and the only thing you have to the wall and the only thing you have to the wall and the only thing you have to pick is a beef stick and you eat it and pick is a beef stick and you eat it and pick is a beef stick and you eat it and you're just like I actually was never you're just like I actually was never you're just like I actually was never really that hungry. [music] And the really that hungry. [music] And the really that hungry. [music] And the protein also helped as well. Protein and protein also helped as well. Protein and protein also helped as well. Protein and fiber as well. So yeah. So that's kind fiber as well. So yeah. So that's kind fiber as well. So yeah. So that's kind of what I'm eating right now. I [music] of what I'm eating right now. I [music] of what I'm eating right now. I [music] also have some fish in my freezer as also have some fish in my freezer as also have some fish in my freezer as well that I could always switch in and well that I could always switch in and well that I could always switch in and some broccoli as well that I could some broccoli as well that I could some broccoli as well that I could switch in [music] for like the tuna. But switch in [music] for like the tuna. But switch in [music] for like the tuna. But like right now I'm just kind of on this like right now I'm just kind of on this like right now I'm just kind of on this tuna kick. So, I'm going to write that tuna kick. So, I'm going to write that tuna kick. So, I'm going to write that out until it gets bored and then I'm out until it gets bored and then I'm out until it gets bored and then I'm going to go back on my fish cake. And going to go back on my fish cake. And going to go back on my fish cake. And then who knows, maybe I'll start then who knows, maybe I'll start then who knows, maybe I'll start bringing back chicken or beef. I'm just bringing back chicken or beef. I'm just bringing back chicken or beef. I'm just like I'm beefed out, y'all. Like, there like I'm beefed out, y'all. Like, there like I'm beefed out, y'all. Like, there was a point in [music] time where I was was a point in [music] time where I was was a point in [music] time where I was eating beef lunch, dinner, lunch, eating beef lunch, dinner, lunch, eating beef lunch, dinner, lunch, dinner, and I was even having beef dinner, and I was even having beef dinner, and I was even having beef bacon. You got to chill. My heart needed bacon. You got to chill. My heart needed bacon. You got to chill. My heart needed to chill. Now I got the beef ick. I to chill. Now I got the beef ick. I to chill. Now I got the beef ick. I don't want to have the beef ick. That don't want to have the beef ick. That don't want to have the beef ick. That was like a super long chat, but also I was like a super long chat, but also I was like a super long chat, but also I think it was needed. Like sometimes we think it was needed. Like sometimes we think it was needed. Like sometimes we kind of just need to have like candid kind of just need to have like candid kind of just need to have like candid moments together. [music] Yeah. Like moments together. [music] Yeah. Like moments together. [music] Yeah. Like intimaty moments. Also, like do you guys intimaty moments. Also, like do you guys intimaty moments. Also, like do you guys like the longer vlogs? Like [music] I like the longer vlogs? Like [music] I like the longer vlogs? Like [music] I remember there was a point in time where remember there was a point in time where remember there was a point in time where I would literally be vlogging and the I would literally be vlogging and the I would literally be vlogging and the whole episode would be 12 minutes. Like whole episode would be 12 minutes. Like whole episode would be 12 minutes. Like is that an issue? Like what's our is that an issue? Like what's our is that an issue? Like what's our problem here? Cuz I know a lot of you problem here? Cuz I know a lot of you problem here? Cuz I know a lot of you guys have been begging for longer vlogs. guys have been begging for longer vlogs. guys have been begging for longer vlogs. I've been giving it to and I feel like I've been giving it to and I feel like I've been giving it to and I feel like I've been getting really really good I've been getting really really good I've been getting really really good [music] feedback from it. But you know [music] feedback from it. But you know [music] feedback from it. But you know also like I don't know like if I if I'm also like I don't know like if I if I'm also like I don't know like if I if I'm yapping too much like I'll stop cuz like yapping too much like I'll stop cuz like yapping too much like I'll stop cuz like doing a vlog that's an hour long or 40 doing a vlog that's an hour long or 40 doing a vlog that's an hour long or 40 minutes that is a lot of work. Okay. I minutes that is a lot of work. Okay. I minutes that is a lot of work. Okay. I want you guys to pull the camera up want you guys to pull the camera up want you guys to pull the camera up [music] one day. I want you to pull a [music] one day. I want you to pull a [music] one day. I want you to pull a camera up and I want you to try and camera up and I want you to try and camera up and I want you to try and speak for 40 minutes straight. It's not speak for 40 minutes straight. It's not speak for 40 minutes straight. It's not easy. So, I just want to make sure that easy. So, I just want to make sure that easy. So, I just want to make sure that I'm I'm doing what you guys want. Next I'm I'm doing what you guys want. Next I'm I'm doing what you guys want. Next week's video is going to be centered week's video is going to be centered week's video is going to be centered around a topic because the goal for me around a topic because the goal for me around a topic because the goal for me is to get one of those videos out a is to get one of those videos out a is to get one of those videos out a month and then three weekly vlogs since month and then three weekly vlogs since month and then three weekly vlogs since [music] you guys happen to really like [music] you guys happen to really like [music] you guys happen to really like this mundane, boring that I'm doing. this mundane, boring that I'm doing. this mundane, boring that I'm doing. Okay. Yeah, let's grocery shop. Okay. Okay. Yeah, let's grocery shop. Okay. Okay. Yeah, let's grocery shop. Okay. [music] So, I actually like got to the [music] So, I actually like got to the [music] So, I actually like got to the grocery store, but I'm realizing right grocery store, but I'm realizing right grocery store, but I'm realizing right now I did not put on any deodorant. But now I did not put on any deodorant. But now I did not put on any deodorant. But you want to know what I keep in my car? you want to know what I keep in my car? you want to know what I keep in my car? Deodorant. Because that's what the Deodorant. Because that's what the Deodorant. Because that's what the prepared giries do. Okay? I keep this in prepared giries do. Okay? I keep this in prepared giries do. Okay? I keep this in my car and I keep this in my car because my car and I keep this in my car because my car and I keep this in my car because bad can't digest lactose. I'm not like a bad can't digest lactose. I'm not like a bad can't digest lactose. I'm not like a super huge fan of like natural super huge fan of like natural super huge fan of like natural deodorants, but Salt and Stone like deodorants, but Salt and Stone like deodorants, but Salt and Stone like doesn't make me smell like a goddamn doesn't make me smell like a goddamn doesn't make me smell like a goddamn armpit when I use [music] it. So, not armpit when I use [music] it. So, not armpit when I use [music] it. So, not mad at her. All right, let's go. Yeah. So, one of the thing that I love Yeah. So, one of the thing that I love Yeah. So, one of the thing that I love the most about Whole Foods is that they the most about Whole Foods is that they the most about Whole Foods is that they just have fresh veggies, fresh cuts, and just have fresh veggies, fresh cuts, and just have fresh veggies, fresh cuts, and you don't really have to like question you don't really have to like question you don't really have to like question it as much cuz, you know, like there's it as much cuz, you know, like there's it as much cuz, you know, like there's like lowkey like a standard [music] to like lowkey like a standard [music] to like lowkey like a standard [music] to be able to put your food in the grocery be able to put your food in the grocery be able to put your food in the grocery store. Do you know what I mean? But I store. Do you know what I mean? But I store. Do you know what I mean? But I also could be wrong, right? This [music] also could be wrong, right? This [music] also could be wrong, right? This [music] could be like elitist thinking and I'm could be like elitist thinking and I'm could be like elitist thinking and I'm being brainwashed and thinking that being brainwashed and thinking that being brainwashed and thinking that that's okay and it's not. I don't know. that's okay and it's not. I don't know. that's okay and it's not. I don't know. Yeah, I'm actually not going to get any Yeah, I'm actually not going to get any Yeah, I'm actually not going to get any of this. Low key though, I wouldn't be of this. Low key though, I wouldn't be of this. Low key though, I wouldn't be mad at having like a fresh pressed juice mad at having like a fresh pressed juice mad at having like a fresh pressed juice in the morning, but like I have a juicer in the morning, but like I have a juicer in the morning, but like I have a juicer at home and I do love me some pear and at home and I do love me some pear and at home and I do love me some pear and cucumber juice. Good tea. I've never cucumber juice. Good tea. I've never cucumber juice. Good tea. I've never juiced anything. Like I don't know what juiced anything. Like I don't know what juiced anything. Like I don't know what else I need. It might just be that else I need. It might just be that else I need. It might just be that though. Okay, so when it comes to though. Okay, so when it comes to though. Okay, so when it comes to picking out avocados, typically you're picking out avocados, typically you're picking out avocados, typically you're going to want like some of the dark like going to want like some of the dark like going to want like some of the dark like these are too soft. Like they're not these are too soft. Like they're not these are too soft. Like they're not going to last throughout the week. So I going to last throughout the week. So I going to last throughout the week. So I like to find one that's like still like to find one that's like still like to find one that's like still pretty green and firm. That way it pretty green and firm. That way it pretty green and firm. That way it doesn't get like all nasty because doesn't get like all nasty because doesn't get like all nasty because unfortunately I do discriminate against unfortunately I do discriminate against unfortunately I do discriminate against dark avocados and it didn't even have to dark avocados and it didn't even have to dark avocados and it didn't even have to be that they're dark dark. You know if be that they're dark dark. You know if be that they're dark dark. You know if they if when they were right they were they if when they were right they were they if when they were right they were dark then like I wouldn't be dark then like I wouldn't be dark then like I wouldn't be discriminating against [music] it being discriminating against [music] it being discriminating against [music] it being dark. You get what I'm saying? Maybe you dark. You get what I'm saying? Maybe you dark. You get what I'm saying? Maybe you don't get what I'm saying. Maybe I'm don't get what I'm saying. Maybe I'm don't get what I'm saying. Maybe I'm dumb as like yeah. You see this one? dumb as like yeah. You see this one? dumb as like yeah. You see this one? It's like kind of green still. It's a It's like kind of green still. It's a It's like kind of green still. It's a little bit soft but it's not that bad. little bit soft but it's not that bad. little bit soft but it's not that bad. And it's so funny because I genuinely And it's so funny because I genuinely And it's so funny because I genuinely used to be someone that like did not used to be someone that like did not used to be someone that like did not with avocados. Like I did not like it. I with avocados. Like I did not like it. I with avocados. Like I did not like it. I did not understand the hype of it when did not understand the hype of it when did not understand the hype of it when it became a thing. [music] And now, it became a thing. [music] And now, it became a thing. [music] And now, like, I feel like I can't eat any of my like, I feel like I can't eat any of my like, I feel like I can't eat any of my dinner meals without an avocado because dinner meals without an avocado because dinner meals without an avocado because the flavor and the texture that it just the flavor and the texture that it just the flavor and the texture that it just adds is immaculate. I'm thinking about adds is immaculate. I'm thinking about adds is immaculate. I'm thinking about adding some berries with my breakfast. adding some berries with my breakfast. adding some berries with my breakfast. Berries are amazing. They're great Berries are amazing. They're great Berries are amazing. They're great fiber. I'm already having a good with fiber. I'm already having a good with fiber. I'm already having a good with it, but don't mind adding a little bit it, but don't mind adding a little bit it, but don't mind adding a little bit more. You guys, I have never had an urge to You guys, I have never had an urge to You guys, I have never had an urge to juice [music] something, but I think I'm juice [music] something, but I think I'm juice [music] something, but I think I'm going to juice. Like, I think I'm going going to juice. Like, I think I'm going going to juice. Like, I think I'm going to be one of those juicing to be one of those juicing to be one of those juicing cuz like [music] why not? Going to grab cuz like [music] why not? Going to grab cuz like [music] why not? Going to grab some kiwis. So technically the green some kiwis. So technically the green some kiwis. So technically the green kiwis have a little bit more fiber than kiwis have a little bit more fiber than kiwis have a little bit more fiber than the golden kiwis. Even though I like the golden kiwis. Even though I like the golden kiwis. Even though I like golden ones better, but I'm here for golden ones better, but I'm here for golden ones better, but I'm here for that fiber. I actually don't know how to that fiber. I actually don't know how to that fiber. I actually don't know how to tell the difference of whether or not tell the difference of whether or not tell the difference of whether or not like [music] which kiwis are good or like [music] which kiwis are good or like [music] which kiwis are good or not. I just am grabbing the box and not. I just am grabbing the box and not. I just am grabbing the box and hoping that I get a good bunch. Okay, hoping that I get a good bunch. Okay, hoping that I get a good bunch. Okay, now I don't have like any specialty now I don't have like any specialty now I don't have like any specialty pairs that I with. So I'm just going to pairs that I with. So I'm just going to pairs that I with. So I'm just going to grab ones that don't look like they're grab ones that don't look like they're grab ones that don't look like they're too bruised up. But also like maybe I do too bruised up. But also like maybe I do too bruised up. But also like maybe I do want the really bruised ones want the really bruised ones want the really bruised ones juicing it. I'm only going to get two. juicing it. I'm only going to get two. juicing it. I'm only going to get two. This is my first time. I'm going to have This is my first time. I'm going to have This is my first time. I'm going to have a hard time juicing this. Whatever. a hard time juicing this. Whatever. a hard time juicing this. Whatever. Guess we'll find out. Okay. Like I'm Guess we'll find out. Okay. Like I'm Guess we'll find out. Okay. Like I'm actually [music] a huge freaking tomato. actually [music] a huge freaking tomato. actually [music] a huge freaking tomato. I know a lot of people don't tomatoes I know a lot of people don't tomatoes I know a lot of people don't tomatoes and I really don't get that. I think and I really don't get that. I think and I really don't get that. I think it's weird. I think it's weird when you it's weird. I think it's weird when you it's weird. I think it's weird when you [music] don't like tomatoes cuz to me [music] don't like tomatoes cuz to me [music] don't like tomatoes cuz to me like that adds just like a bomb of like that adds just like a bomb of like that adds just like a bomb of flavor and a little bit of citrus and flavor and a little bit of citrus and flavor and a little bit of citrus and love, but [music] some people obviously love, but [music] some people obviously love, but [music] some people obviously think it's a goddamn hat crime to add think it's a goddamn hat crime to add think it's a goddamn hat crime to add tomatoes to things. My My bestie doesn't tomatoes to things. My My bestie doesn't tomatoes to things. My My bestie doesn't like tomatoes. My brother's a great like tomatoes. My brother's a great like tomatoes. My brother's a great example of someone that doesn't like example of someone that doesn't like example of someone that doesn't like tomatoes. [music] Weird. My bestie is tomatoes. [music] Weird. My bestie is tomatoes. [music] Weird. My bestie is not weird. I mean, she's weird, but like not weird. I mean, she's weird, but like not weird. I mean, she's weird, but like I like it. I'm also like someone that I like it. I'm also like someone that I like it. I'm also like someone that likes to keep things like on the stem. likes to keep things like on the stem. likes to keep things like on the stem. Like I wasn't always like this, but my Like I wasn't always like this, but my Like I wasn't always like this, but my partner's kind of got me more on that partner's kind of got me more on that partner's kind of got me more on that realm. I am someone that is going to realm. I am someone that is going to realm. I am someone that is going to with some Tai Chasm rice every goddamn with some Tai Chasm rice every goddamn with some Tai Chasm rice every goddamn day. I don't know, something about it day. I don't know, something about it day. I don't know, something about it just feels very fragrant. Feels [music] just feels very fragrant. Feels [music] just feels very fragrant. Feels [music] very culturally appropriated in the best very culturally appropriated in the best very culturally appropriated in the best way. And usually I don't have to ever way. And usually I don't have to ever way. And usually I don't have to ever get rice, but I've actually used it all. get rice, but I've actually used it all. get rice, but I've actually used it all. So, win's a win. They also have this So, win's a win. They also have this So, win's a win. They also have this really, really tasty Lii seasoning really, really tasty Lii seasoning really, really tasty Lii seasoning sauce. So, like when I do finally go sauce. So, like when I do finally go sauce. So, like when I do finally go back to doing fish, like I should back to doing fish, like I should back to doing fish, like I should probably grab it now. That way I don't probably grab it now. That way I don't probably grab it now. That way I don't have to like want to off myself. I mean, does someone want to tell me I mean, does someone want to tell me I mean, does someone want to tell me what the [\h__\h] difference between what the [\h__\h] difference between what the [\h__\h] difference between extra sharp cheddar and it's yellow and extra sharp cheddar and it's yellow and extra sharp cheddar and it's yellow and extra sharp cheddar and it's white? extra sharp cheddar and it's white? extra sharp cheddar and it's white? Like, I need to know. I just like my Like, I need to know. I just like my Like, I need to know. I just like my cheddar like crispy as. Does that make cheddar like crispy as. Does that make cheddar like crispy as. Does that make any sense? Okay, that was a pretty successful trip Okay, that was a pretty successful trip Okay, that was a pretty successful trip to the grocery store. And honestly, that to the grocery store. And honestly, that to the grocery store. And honestly, that wasn't as expensive as it usually is, wasn't as expensive as it usually is, wasn't as expensive as it usually is, but also I didn't find any meat, so you but also I didn't find any meat, so you but also I didn't find any meat, so you never know. Did you guys like the grocery know. Did you guys like the grocery know. Did you guys like the grocery store bit? I'm a little insecure about store bit? I'm a little insecure about store bit? I'm a little insecure about it. I don't know. Sometimes I get it. I don't know. Sometimes I get it. I don't know. Sometimes I get uncomfortable in there like talking, but uncomfortable in there like talking, but uncomfortable in there like talking, but also like no one cares. Like nobody also like no one cares. Like nobody also like no one cares. Like nobody cares. Cuz I know a lot of you guys have cares. Cuz I know a lot of you guys have cares. Cuz I know a lot of you guys have been like, "Oh, like how are you not been like, "Oh, like how are you not been like, "Oh, like how are you not uncomfortable like on the phone like or uncomfortable like on the phone like or uncomfortable like on the phone like or like filming in public?" Like I mean I like filming in public?" Like I mean I like filming in public?" Like I mean I don't know. I feel like I am. I was just don't know. I feel like I am. I was just don't know. I feel like I am. I was just being an honest woman. I'm definitely an being an honest woman. I'm definitely an being an honest woman. I'm definitely an honest woman [music] if you know what I honest woman [music] if you know what I honest woman [music] if you know what I mean. High key. I need to go into mean. High key. I need to go into mean. High key. I need to go into Sephora, but I don't think I'm going to Sephora, but I don't think I'm going to Sephora, but I don't think I'm going to take y'all with me because this little take y'all with me because this little take y'all with me because this little guy is [music] Maybe I will take you guy is [music] Maybe I will take you guy is [music] Maybe I will take you guys with me. I'm going to let her guys with me. I'm going to let her guys with me. I'm going to let her charge up a bit. charge up a bit. charge up a bit. Dude, I'm a girl that loves a funky Dude, I'm a girl that loves a funky Dude, I'm a girl that loves a funky cheese. Mhm. If my cheese doesn't have cheese. Mhm. If my cheese doesn't have cheese. Mhm. If my cheese doesn't have personality, like I don't want it. Like personality, like I don't want it. Like personality, like I don't want it. Like that's how I feel about Swiss. Like I that's how I feel about Swiss. Like I that's how I feel about Swiss. Like I feel like Swiss cheese I'm like, "Oh, feel like Swiss cheese I'm like, "Oh, feel like Swiss cheese I'm like, "Oh, you look like you got personality." you look like you got personality." you look like you got personality." Swiss cheese is like a hot person with Swiss cheese is like a hot person with Swiss cheese is like a hot person with no personality. You're like, "Oh, you're no personality. You're like, "Oh, you're no personality. You're like, "Oh, you're so hot." And you talk to them, and so hot." And you talk to them, and so hot." And you talk to them, and there's no substance. I want like a there's no substance. I want like a there's no substance. I want like a cheddar. You know what I mean? I want cheddar. You know what I mean? I want cheddar. You know what I mean? I want like some Gouda. I want some havari. I like some Gouda. I want some havari. I like some Gouda. I want some havari. I want some goat cheese. You know, looks want some goat cheese. You know, looks want some goat cheese. You know, looks plain, but it's like love in your mouth. plain, but it's like love in your mouth. plain, but it's like love in your mouth. M. I should probably take that lactase M. I should probably take that lactase M. I should probably take that lactase inside because we're not slow. If I want inside because we're not slow. If I want inside because we're not slow. If I want to enjoy the cheeses, I have to just be to enjoy the cheeses, I have to just be to enjoy the cheeses, I have to just be wise about it. You know, life is better wise about it. You know, life is better wise about it. You know, life is better when you take a lactate. Unsponsored. when you take a lactate. Unsponsored. when you take a lactate. Unsponsored. Weird. I'm going through like a weird Weird. I'm going through like a weird Weird. I'm going through like a weird cheese craving. What's going on with cheese craving. What's going on with cheese craving. What's going on with that? And I can't be pregnant. I haven't that? And I can't be pregnant. I haven't that? And I can't be pregnant. I haven't been having intercourse because I'm long been having intercourse because I'm long been having intercourse because I'm long distance and I got a full bear bush down distance and I got a full bear bush down distance and I got a full bear bush down there. Am I going [music] to Joe and the there. Am I going [music] to Joe and the there. Am I going [music] to Joe and the Juice and Sephora? Yeah. Yeah, maybe I Juice and Sephora? Yeah. Yeah, maybe I Juice and Sephora? Yeah. Yeah, maybe I am. I love Joe and the Juice, but not in am. I love Joe and the Juice, but not in am. I love Joe and the Juice, but not in the same way that other people love Joe the same way that other people love Joe the same way that other people love Joe and the Juice, right? [music] Like I and the Juice, right? [music] Like I and the Juice, right? [music] Like I love Joe and the Juice because Jesus love Joe and the Juice because Jesus love Joe and the Juice because Jesus Christ, I was about to say something so Christ, I was about to say something so Christ, I was about to say something so goddamn basic. Don't do not listen goddamn basic. Don't do not listen goddamn basic. Don't do not listen [music] to me. Please don't listen to [music] to me. Please don't listen to [music] to me. Please don't listen to me. I'm being insufferable. I'm being me. I'm being insufferable. I'm being me. I'm being insufferable. I'm being insufferable. There's like no parking. I insufferable. There's like no parking. I insufferable. There's like no parking. I should have just stayed at my parking should have just stayed at my parking should have just stayed at my parking spot and walked my ass over here, but spot and walked my ass over here, but spot and walked my ass over here, but no, I didn't. no, I didn't. no, I didn't. So, like I'm talking really low. So, like I'm talking really low. So, like I'm talking really low. Hopefully you guys can hear me, but the Hopefully you guys can hear me, but the Hopefully you guys can hear me, but the two young women next to me are like talk two young women next to me are like talk two young women next to me are like talk like I think they're in high school or like I think they're in high school or like I think they're in high school or something, but they're kind of talking. something, but they're kind of talking. something, but they're kind of talking. And the way that [music] I'm like And the way that [music] I'm like And the way that [music] I'm like incredibly invested is like a problem. incredibly invested is like a problem. incredibly invested is like a problem. Do you guys like ease drop on people? Do you guys like ease drop on people? Do you guys like ease drop on people? Like, is it of me to do that? Like, I Like, is it of me to do that? Like, I Like, is it of me to do that? Like, I need to know. Also, I mean, like, is it need to know. Also, I mean, like, is it need to know. Also, I mean, like, is it of me to do that? Yes or no? Like, it of me to do that? Yes or no? Like, it of me to do that? Yes or no? Like, it doesn't matter cuz I'm not going to stop doesn't matter cuz I'm not going to stop doesn't matter cuz I'm not going to stop doing it. And see, and that's why I doing it. And see, and that's why I doing it. And see, and that's why I understand why [clears throat] people in understand why [clears throat] people in understand why [clears throat] people in the UK love American sometimes because the UK love American sometimes because the UK love American sometimes because like we do just be laying it all out in like we do just be laying it all out in like we do just be laying it all out in public spaces and we kind of don't care. public spaces and we kind of don't care. public spaces and we kind of don't care. And it's like it was quiet on the tube. And it's like it was quiet on the tube. And it's like it was quiet on the tube. Now [music] it's not quiet on the tube. Now [music] it's not quiet on the tube. Now [music] it's not quiet on the tube. Now I'm listening to a story about how Now I'm listening to a story about how Now I'm listening to a story about how your ex cheated on you. I don't know. your ex cheated on you. I don't know. your ex cheated on you. I don't know. Like I'm here for it. And the lady who Like I'm here for it. And the lady who Like I'm here for it. And the lady who freaking took my order was so nice. She freaking took my order was so nice. She freaking took my order was so nice. She gave me such a compliment. And then gave me such a compliment. And then gave me such a compliment. And then listen, the best thing that you can do listen, the best thing that you can do listen, the best thing that you can do whenever someone gives you a compliment, whenever someone gives you a compliment, whenever someone gives you a compliment, like when I receive that energy, I like like when I receive that energy, I like like when I receive that energy, I like to give that energy right back. take it to give that energy right back. take it to give that energy right back. take it [music] in and then push it out. You [music] in and then push it out. You [music] in and then push it out. You know, it's kind of like if I was the know, it's kind of like if I was the know, it's kind of like if I was the avatar, like that would be my example avatar, like that would be my example avatar, like that would be my example being an avatar. Okay, that that would being an avatar. Okay, that that would being an avatar. Okay, that that would be my power is trying to uplift women be my power is trying to uplift women be my power is trying to uplift women that try to uplift other women. So, when that try to uplift other women. So, when that try to uplift other women. So, when someone gives you a compliment, you take someone gives you a compliment, you take someone gives you a compliment, you take it and you say, "Thank you." [music] And it and you say, "Thank you." [music] And it and you say, "Thank you." [music] And then you say, "But look who's talking." then you say, "But look who's talking." then you say, "But look who's talking." Okay. Oh my god, you're so beautiful. Okay. Oh my god, you're so beautiful. Okay. Oh my god, you're so beautiful. Thank you. Look who's talking. I love Thank you. Look who's talking. I love Thank you. Look who's talking. I love doing that because I think it's just doing that because I think it's just doing that because I think it's just such a beautiful way to to, like I said, such a beautiful way to to, like I said, such a beautiful way to to, like I said, like bring that energy in and and push like bring that energy in and and push like bring that energy in and and push it back out in the best way. This is my it back out in the best way. This is my it back out in the best way. This is my version of a dad joke. Okay. Oh, that's version of a dad joke. Okay. Oh, that's version of a dad joke. Okay. Oh, that's my sandwich. That's my sandwich. my sandwich. That's my sandwich. my sandwich. That's my sandwich. Can we take a moment for this? Like, Can we take a moment for this? Like, Can we take a moment for this? Like, look at that. Can we take a goddamn look at that. Can we take a goddamn look at that. Can we take a goddamn moment for this? Like, it's incredible. moment for this? Like, it's incredible. moment for this? Like, it's incredible. And it's like 34 g of protein, around And it's like 34 g of protein, around And it's like 34 g of protein, around 500 calories. Like, we're not mad at 500 calories. Like, we're not mad at 500 calories. Like, we're not mad at her. And it's funny because when I first her. And it's funny because when I first her. And it's funny because when I first started my finish train, I used to hear started my finish train, I used to hear started my finish train, I used to hear 500 calories, and I was like, "Oh my 500 calories, and I was like, "Oh my 500 calories, and I was like, "Oh my god, like that's so many calories." god, like that's so many calories." god, like that's so many calories." Like, that's not cuz think about it like Like, that's not cuz think about it like Like, that's not cuz think about it like this. If you're having, let's say, three this. If you're having, let's say, three this. If you're having, let's say, three larger meals a day and three of those larger meals a day and three of those larger meals a day and three of those meals that's 500 calories. That's only meals that's 500 calories. That's only meals that's 500 calories. That's only 1,500 calories, right? Most of us are 1,500 calories, right? Most of us are 1,500 calories, right? Most of us are eating over 1500 calories. You know, the eating over 1500 calories. You know, the eating over 1500 calories. You know, the daily recommended value for the average daily recommended value for the average daily recommended value for the average healthy individual is around 2,000 healthy individual is around 2,000 healthy individual is around 2,000 calories. That means you got 500 calories. That means you got 500 calories. That means you got 500 calories left of snacks. When you think calories left of snacks. When you think calories left of snacks. When you think about it like that, that's ideal. That's about it like that, that's ideal. That's about it like that, that's ideal. That's ideal. Oh my god. When I tell you that that Oh my god. When I tell you that that Oh my god. When I tell you that that sandwich just [music] like changed my sandwich just [music] like changed my sandwich just [music] like changed my goddamn life, like I feel happy. We're goddamn life, like I feel happy. We're goddamn life, like I feel happy. We're in Sephora. I'm sorry. I know. I said I in Sephora. I'm sorry. I know. I said I in Sephora. I'm sorry. I know. I said I was going to go, but I lied. was going to go, but I lied. was going to go, but I lied. Okay, so you can't film in Sephora. I Okay, so you can't film in Sephora. I Okay, so you can't film in Sephora. I didn't know that. Is that something that didn't know that. Is that something that didn't know that. Is that something that I mean, I guess I wouldn't know that cuz I mean, I guess I wouldn't know that cuz I mean, I guess I wouldn't know that cuz I don't typically film in Sephora. Well, I don't typically film in Sephora. Well, I don't typically film in Sephora. Well, I thought I would give us a little I thought I would give us a little I thought I would give us a little Sephora haul. Sephora? Sephora haul. Sephora? Sephora haul. Sephora? I love being a girl. I mean, you don't I love being a girl. I mean, you don't I love being a girl. I mean, you don't have to be a girl to go in there. I saw have to be a girl to go in there. I saw have to be a girl to go in there. I saw a guy in there with a hoodie on. He a guy in there with a hoodie on. He a guy in there with a hoodie on. He looked a little suspicious. I was like, looked a little suspicious. I was like, looked a little suspicious. I was like, what are you doing? You don't want what are you doing? You don't want what are you doing? You don't want people to know you're in here? Cuz people to know you're in here? Cuz people to know you're in here? Cuz there's no shame in here. Like, we don't there's no shame in here. Like, we don't there's no shame in here. Like, we don't care. were shamefully in here as well. care. were shamefully in here as well. care. were shamefully in here as well. So, what I'm really trying to find is a So, what I'm really trying to find is a So, what I'm really trying to find is a lip product that is a little bit more lip product that is a little bit more lip product that is a little bit more taupeish color, but like a black girl taupeish color, but like a black girl taupeish color, but like a black girl taupe. [music] And as you can see here, taupe. [music] And as you can see here, taupe. [music] And as you can see here, I have quite literally put so many I have quite literally put so many I have quite literally put so many different colors on my arms. Like, different colors on my arms. Like, different colors on my arms. Like, [music] I've put I've put so many. So, [music] I've put I've put so many. So, [music] I've put I've put so many. So, I've narrowed it down to a couple, but I've narrowed it down to a couple, but I've narrowed it down to a couple, but honestly, we won't really know unless I honestly, we won't really know unless I honestly, we won't really know unless I put it on my lips. And we will put it on my lips. And we will put it on my lips. And we will experiment with that tomorrow morning. experiment with that tomorrow morning. experiment with that tomorrow morning. So, I got the Mighty Fine Brow Pen. So, So, I got the Mighty Fine Brow Pen. So, So, I got the Mighty Fine Brow Pen. So, I had the L'Oreal Faux Brow, which I I had the L'Oreal Faux Brow, which I I had the L'Oreal Faux Brow, which I really liked. However, the only thing I really liked. However, the only thing I really liked. However, the only thing I did not like about it was that the lid did not like about it was that the lid did not like about it was that the lid would not stay on. I'm not going to would not stay on. I'm not going to would not stay on. I'm not going to fight you on this. Like, stay the on. fight you on this. Like, stay the on. fight you on this. Like, stay the on. Like, I'm not about to sit here and Like, I'm not about to sit here and Like, I'm not about to sit here and force you. It's like being a personal force you. It's like being a personal force you. It's like being a personal trainer. I'm going to want it for you, trainer. I'm going to want it for you, trainer. I'm going to want it for you, but you also have to want it. If you but you also have to want it. If you but you also have to want it. If you need help during your fitness journey, I need help during your fitness journey, I need help during your fitness journey, I offer one-on-one coaching applications offer one-on-one coaching applications offer one-on-one coaching applications in my bio. So, I picked this one up. in my bio. So, I picked this one up. in my bio. So, I picked this one up. It's a very similar where it has like It's a very similar where it has like It's a very similar where it has like [music] the fine tips and it's supposed [music] the fine tips and it's supposed [music] the fine tips and it's supposed to look like little hairs and stuff. I to look like little hairs and stuff. I to look like little hairs and stuff. I tried out a couple of different colors. tried out a couple of different colors. tried out a couple of different colors. cuz I ended up getting 4.5 neutral deep cuz I ended up getting 4.5 neutral deep cuz I ended up getting 4.5 neutral deep brown. I can't go too warm on my hair brown. I can't go too warm on my hair brown. I can't go too warm on my hair color. And then I also picked up an color. And then I also picked up an color. And then I also picked up an Hourglass Hourglass Hourglass Volumizing Glossy Balm in the color Volumizing Glossy Balm in the color Volumizing Glossy Balm in the color lure. lure. lure. Now, I actually already have this. I'm Now, I actually already have this. I'm Now, I actually already have this. I'm going to show you. I don't have it in going to show you. I don't have it in going to show you. I don't have it in this color, though. I picked up another this color, though. I picked up another this color, though. I picked up another color. I actually really, really enjoy color. I actually really, really enjoy color. I actually really, really enjoy the formula of that. I say I pick it up the formula of that. I say I pick it up the formula of that. I say I pick it up in another color, not in the bag. It's in another color, not in the bag. It's in another color, not in the bag. It's got to be in the purse, though. So, I got to be in the purse, though. So, I got to be in the purse, though. So, I definitely actively remember this being definitely actively remember this being definitely actively remember this being in here. Yes. Here we go. So, the in here. Yes. Here we go. So, the in here. Yes. Here we go. So, the current color that I have is impulse. current color that I have is impulse. current color that I have is impulse. This is what the color looks like. I had This is what the color looks like. I had This is what the color looks like. I had another color as well, and it was more another color as well, and it was more another color as well, and it was more like a just I guess I'll show you my like a just I guess I'll show you my like a just I guess I'll show you my finger, but it's a really pretty color. It's really pretty. The thing that I It's really pretty. The thing that I It's really pretty. The thing that I like the most about it is the formula. I like the most about it is the formula. I like the most about it is the formula. I think the formula is really nice. I wish think the formula is really nice. I wish think the formula is really nice. I wish there was more product in here, though, there was more product in here, though, there was more product in here, though, because, you know, I'm not really one to because, you know, I'm not really one to because, you know, I'm not really one to like run out of lip product except for like run out of lip product except for like run out of lip product except for like, you know, lip liners. Like, I'll like, you know, lip liners. Like, I'll like, you know, lip liners. Like, I'll run out of that. But, like, with stuff run out of that. But, like, with stuff run out of that. But, like, with stuff like this, I don't usually run out of. like this, I don't usually run out of. like this, I don't usually run out of. And I I literally like was using it and And I I literally like was using it and And I I literally like was using it and I was like pulling [music] it up and it I was like pulling [music] it up and it I was like pulling [music] it up and it was empty and I was like, "Oh my god." was empty and I was like, "Oh my god." was empty and I was like, "Oh my god." Like my purse. See, I picked that up and Like my purse. See, I picked that up and Like my purse. See, I picked that up and then this scared me. I was so confused then this scared me. I was so confused then this scared me. I was so confused why this was in the bag. She must have why this was in the bag. She must have why this was in the bag. She must have just shoved that in the bag. I didn't just shoved that in the bag. I didn't just shoved that in the bag. I didn't see that. I picked up the say see that. I picked up the say see that. I picked up the say lightweight setting spray. I heard lightweight setting spray. I heard lightweight setting spray. I heard really really good reviews of this. I'm really really good reviews of this. I'm really really good reviews of this. I'm [music] big on like I I need a setting [music] big on like I I need a setting [music] big on like I I need a setting spray. Like you can't just work. You spray. Like you can't just work. You spray. Like you can't just work. You also have to have a good spray. The also have to have a good spray. The also have to have a good spray. The hooded beauty spray is like freaking hooded beauty spray is like freaking hooded beauty spray is like freaking great. The product is great. The nozzle great. The product is great. The nozzle great. The product is great. The nozzle is horrible. And I need her to fix that is horrible. And I need her to fix that is horrible. And I need her to fix that ASAP. [music] Okay. in a respectful ASAP. [music] Okay. in a respectful ASAP. [music] Okay. in a respectful criticism way, not in a I don't like the criticism way, not in a I don't like the criticism way, not in a I don't like the product way. The product is really good, product way. The product is really good, product way. The product is really good, but I can't keep using it if I'm having but I can't keep using it if I'm having but I can't keep using it if I'm having to fight for my life to get it out the to fight for my life to get it out the to fight for my life to get it out the bottle. And then when it does get out my bottle. And then when it does get out my bottle. And then when it does get out my bottle, it's like spitting on me, like, bottle, it's like spitting on me, like, bottle, it's like spitting on me, like, you know, it's not like a nice mist, you know, it's not like a nice mist, you know, it's not like a nice mist, it's spitting. So, I heard this one has it's spitting. So, I heard this one has it's spitting. So, I heard this one has like a really, really good mist, which like a really, really good mist, which like a really, really good mist, which [music] I'm excited about. And then I [music] I'm excited about. And then I [music] I'm excited about. And then I picked up my OG lip liner that I love. picked up my OG lip liner that I love. picked up my OG lip liner that I love. This is the color John from Kofi. The This is the color John from Kofi. The This is the color John from Kofi. The lip liner stains, so that's why I really lip liner stains, so that's why I really lip liner stains, so that's why I really like it. And then this is where we're like it. And then this is where we're like it. And then this is where we're kind of get into it a bit with these two kind of get into it a bit with these two kind of get into it a bit with these two colors. So, I got Makeup Forever. Now, I colors. So, I got Makeup Forever. Now, I colors. So, I got Makeup Forever. Now, I love Makeup Forever Limitless Brown. love Makeup Forever Limitless Brown. love Makeup Forever Limitless Brown. Like, that's my baby. That's my tea. Like, that's my baby. That's my tea. Like, that's my baby. That's my tea. But, I wanted to try again like [music] But, I wanted to try again like [music] But, I wanted to try again like [music] more of the top shade. So, I bought two more of the top shade. So, I bought two more of the top shade. So, I bought two of the shades cuz I'm just going to have of the shades cuz I'm just going to have of the shades cuz I'm just going to have to see how it lays on my [music] lips. to see how it lays on my [music] lips. to see how it lays on my [music] lips. Now, when I was using a more taupish Now, when I was using a more taupish Now, when I was using a more taupish shade before, I have used Stretch from shade before, I have used Stretch from shade before, I have used Stretch from Road, but that is like sold out for the Road, but that is like sold out for the Road, but that is like sold out for the rest of my life. Like, I can't get my rest of my life. Like, I can't get my rest of my life. Like, I can't get my hands on it. I can't get it online and I hands on it. I can't get it online and I hands on it. I can't get it online and I can't get it in store. So, I'm just can't get it in store. So, I'm just can't get it in store. So, I'm just annoyed about that. So, I'm hoping that annoyed about that. So, I'm hoping that annoyed about that. So, I'm hoping that these two will do the job. So, yay. I'm these two will do the job. So, yay. I'm these two will do the job. So, yay. I'm excited about that. And that's my haul. excited about that. And that's my haul. excited about that. And that's my haul. Okay, that's my haul, you guys. I just Okay, that's my haul, you guys. I just Okay, that's my haul, you guys. I just had the craziest interaction with a had the craziest interaction with a had the craziest interaction with a homeless guy. I typically don't give to homeless guy. I typically don't give to homeless guy. I typically don't give to like homeless like men. Like typically I like homeless like men. Like typically I like homeless like men. Like typically I don't It's not that I have anything don't It's not that I have anything don't It's not that I have anything against men. This is no shade, no against men. This is no shade, no against men. This is no shade, no [music] disrespect at all to anyone, [music] disrespect at all to anyone, [music] disrespect at all to anyone, okay? But I definitely don't typically okay? But I definitely don't typically okay? But I definitely don't typically help white homeless men. Don't usually help white homeless men. Don't usually help white homeless men. Don't usually do that. Just cuz, you know, obviously do that. Just cuz, you know, obviously do that. Just cuz, you know, obviously everyone's situation's different. But if everyone's situation's different. But if everyone's situation's different. But if I am going to be generous, I do keep I am going to be generous, I do keep I am going to be generous, I do keep water and like snacks back here. So like water and like snacks back here. So like water and like snacks back here. So like when I see the homeless, I can give him when I see the homeless, I can give him when I see the homeless, I can give him some snacks cuz I don't carry cash some snacks cuz I don't carry cash some snacks cuz I don't carry cash anymore. But this white guy, he was anymore. But this white guy, he was anymore. But this white guy, he was like, "Can you give me a dollar?" I was like, "Can you give me a dollar?" I was like, "Can you give me a dollar?" I was like, "I don't have a dollar." He's like, "I don't have a dollar." He's like, "I don't have a dollar." He's like, "Well, can you get me a coffee?" like, "Well, can you get me a coffee?" like, "Well, can you get me a coffee?" And I was like, "I guess I could get you And I was like, "I guess I could get you And I was like, "I guess I could get you a coffee." So I got him a coffee. I hand a coffee." So I got him a coffee. I hand a coffee." So I got him a coffee. I hand him the drink. I see one of the people him the drink. I see one of the people him the drink. I see one of the people that lives in my building and I'm that lives in my building and I'm that lives in my building and I'm talking to him. You know, I make a joke talking to him. You know, I make a joke talking to him. You know, I make a joke [music] cuz I he had messaged me and I [music] cuz I he had messaged me and I [music] cuz I he had messaged me and I didn't respond back. But like I I didn't respond back. But like I I didn't respond back. But like I I responded back and then he messaged me responded back and then he messaged me responded back and then he messaged me and then I didn't respond back. But like and then I didn't respond back. But like and then I didn't respond back. But like you guys, like if you get a response you guys, like if you get a response you guys, like if you get a response from me ever, if you if you get a from me ever, if you if you get a from me ever, if you if you get a response from me from the comments, from response from me from the comments, from response from me from the comments, from the DMs, from texts, anything like that, the DMs, from texts, anything like that, the DMs, from texts, anything like that, you got me in a great moment because you got me in a great moment because you got me in a great moment because when I tell you that my mental health when I tell you that my mental health when I tell you that my mental health like does not like let me do that often. like does not like let me do that often. like does not like let me do that often. Okay, so I was talking to I was like, Okay, so I was talking to I was like, Okay, so I was talking to I was like, "Yeah, like you know, I was kind of "Yeah, like you know, I was kind of "Yeah, like you know, I was kind of fighting for my life." He's like, "The fighting for my life." He's like, "The fighting for my life." He's like, "The homeless guy chimes in. He chimes in." homeless guy chimes in. He chimes in." homeless guy chimes in. He chimes in." He's like, "Oh yeah, like don't kill He's like, "Oh yeah, like don't kill He's like, "Oh yeah, like don't kill yourself. I tried to slit my own throat yourself. I tried to slit my own throat yourself. I tried to slit my own throat and I didn't die." First off, you know, and I didn't die." First off, you know, and I didn't die." First off, you know, let me say this real quick and not to be let me say this real quick and not to be let me say this real quick and not to be insensitive. if you're going to, you insensitive. if you're going to, you insensitive. if you're going to, you know, [\h__\h] there has to be a certain know, [\h__\h] there has to be a certain know, [\h__\h] there has to be a certain amount of like just off like off up here amount of like just off like off up here amount of like just off like off up here to choose to do it by slitting your own to choose to do it by slitting your own to choose to do it by slitting your own throat. Like that's that's crazy to me. throat. Like that's that's crazy to me. throat. Like that's that's crazy to me. Like that's I'm like wait you you okay Like that's I'm like wait you you okay Like that's I'm like wait you you okay like you know and they were like like like you know and they were like like like you know and they were like like you did that to [music] yourself and you did that to [music] yourself and you did that to [music] yourself and then for him to be like oh yeah like it then for him to be like oh yeah like it then for him to be like oh yeah like it didn't work and like if you shoot didn't work and like if you shoot didn't work and like if you shoot yourself in the head like you might yourself in the head like you might yourself in the head like you might survive [music] it and so like I made a survive [music] it and so like I made a survive [music] it and so like I made a joke and I was like okay like yeah like joke and I was like okay like yeah like joke and I was like okay like yeah like you know I guess I won't go that that you know I guess I won't go that that you know I guess I won't go that that [music] route. you know, if I survive a [music] route. you know, if I survive a [music] route. you know, if I survive a shot in the head when I wake up, I'll be shot in the head when I wake up, I'll be shot in the head when I wake up, I'll be going for the second attempt. And going for the second attempt. And going for the second attempt. And honestly, for some people that don't honestly, for some people that don't honestly, for some people that don't understand that type of humor, like, understand that type of humor, like, understand that type of humor, like, you're going to be offended by that, and you're going to be offended by that, and you're going to be offended by that, and that's fair. That's I got to I got to that's fair. That's I got to I got to that's fair. That's I got to I got to own up to that. But like, I don't know. own up to that. But like, I don't know. own up to that. But like, I don't know. The interaction was just so weird. I was The interaction was just so weird. I was The interaction was just so weird. I was like, you could have just took your like, you could have just took your like, you could have just took your coffee and move on. But now you're coffee and move on. But now you're coffee and move on. But now you're telling me which routes not to take with telling me which routes not to take with telling me which routes not to take with not trying to wake up the next day. So, not trying to wake up the next day. So, not trying to wake up the next day. So, yeah, that's how that went. Okay. Yeah. yeah, that's how that went. Okay. Yeah. yeah, that's how that went. Okay. Yeah. Like, that was great. Sorry, I just wanted to do that. I Sorry, I just wanted to do that. I Sorry, I just wanted to do that. I looked in the mirror. I took the most looked in the mirror. I took the most looked in the mirror. I took the most massive poop or this morning. It was massive poop or this morning. It was massive poop or this morning. It was delectable. And I used wipes. It was delectable. And I used wipes. It was delectable. And I used wipes. It was just a real cleanup. And then I turned just a real cleanup. And then I turned just a real cleanup. And then I turned on the light. I put a face mask on last on the light. I put a face mask on last on the light. I put a face mask on last night and I looked like Hannibal Lecter. night and I looked like Hannibal Lecter. night and I looked like Hannibal Lecter. I look like I want five teens. Okay. The I look like I want five teens. Okay. The I look like I want five teens. Okay. The stereotypical jock, the pthead, the stereotypical jock, the pthead, the stereotypical jock, the pthead, the [\h__\h] the virgin nerdy girl, and the [\h__\h] the virgin nerdy girl, and the [\h__\h] the virgin nerdy girl, and the good guy. I want them all at a farmhouse good guy. I want them all at a farmhouse good guy. I want them all at a farmhouse in the middle of nowhere. And I want a in the middle of nowhere. And I want a in the middle of nowhere. And I want a mother chainsaw, mother chainsaw, mother chainsaw, you guys. Like first off, sleep score. I you guys. Like first off, sleep score. I you guys. Like first off, sleep score. I have an ordering sleep score. Terrible. have an ordering sleep score. Terrible. have an ordering sleep score. Terrible. I took an energy drink at 6:00 p.m. I took an energy drink at 6:00 p.m. I took an energy drink at 6:00 p.m. because I was like, "Oh, like I really because I was like, "Oh, like I really because I was like, "Oh, like I really need to clean this house, you know, for need to clean this house, you know, for need to clean this house, you know, for the next day." And I didn't just want to the next day." And I didn't just want to the next day." And I didn't just want to clean it. I wanted to declutter it. So, clean it. I wanted to declutter it. So, clean it. I wanted to declutter it. So, I went through three full rooms. I went I went through three full rooms. I went I went through three full rooms. I went through drawers. I went through clothes. through drawers. I went through clothes. through drawers. I went through clothes. I went through big baskets full of a I went through big baskets full of a I went through big baskets full of a whole bunch of stuff. And you guys, cuz whole bunch of stuff. And you guys, cuz whole bunch of stuff. And you guys, cuz I'm an influencer, like, I get a whole I'm an influencer, like, I get a whole I'm an influencer, like, I get a whole bunch of stuff sent to me. And I'm going bunch of stuff sent to me. And I'm going bunch of stuff sent to me. And I'm going to do a giveaway. Trust me, I'm going to to do a giveaway. Trust me, I'm going to to do a giveaway. Trust me, I'm going to do a giveaway. I'm getting everything do a giveaway. I'm getting everything do a giveaway. I'm getting everything together. I just haven't decluttered together. I just haven't decluttered together. I just haven't decluttered yet. Oh my balls, dude. I literally was yet. Oh my balls, dude. I literally was yet. Oh my balls, dude. I literally was up till 1:00 a.m., but I got it done and up till 1:00 a.m., but I got it done and up till 1:00 a.m., but I got it done and I deep cleaned my bathroom. Okay, a I deep cleaned my bathroom. Okay, a I deep cleaned my bathroom. Okay, a win's a win. But the energy drink thing win's a win. But the energy drink thing win's a win. But the energy drink thing by the time it came to the end of the by the time it came to the end of the by the time it came to the end of the night, like I just wasn't sleepy, you night, like I just wasn't sleepy, you night, like I just wasn't sleepy, you know? So, I slept for 3 hours and 4 know? So, I slept for 3 hours and 4 know? So, I slept for 3 hours and 4 minutes. And then I'm feeling this weird minutes. And then I'm feeling this weird minutes. And then I'm feeling this weird vibration thing going on in my bed. I'm vibration thing going on in my bed. I'm vibration thing going on in my bed. I'm really not sure what that's about. Like, really not sure what that's about. Like, really not sure what that's about. Like, I'm on the top floor of my apartment I'm on the top floor of my apartment I'm on the top floor of my apartment building and like I feel like in the building and like I feel like in the building and like I feel like in the middle of the night I can feel like the middle of the night I can feel like the middle of the night I can feel like the floor shaking. I'm going to say floor shaking. I'm going to say floor shaking. I'm going to say something solid because and mark my something solid because and mark my something solid because and mark my words if this isn't God forbid if this words if this isn't God forbid if this words if this isn't God forbid if this is how I die in my apartment complex is how I die in my apartment complex is how I die in my apartment complex like just like falls to the ground cuz like just like falls to the ground cuz like just like falls to the ground cuz I'm on the 27th floor. I'm not making I'm on the 27th floor. I'm not making I'm on the 27th floor. I'm not making it. [clears throat] Someone needs to sue it. [clears throat] Someone needs to sue it. [clears throat] Someone needs to sue for me. Okay? Someone needs to sue for for me. Okay? Someone needs to sue for for me. Okay? Someone needs to sue for me. I'm just putting that out there. me. I'm just putting that out there. me. I'm just putting that out there. Okay? Because obviously I don't know if Okay? Because obviously I don't know if Okay? Because obviously I don't know if you guys follow me on TikTok. I did like you guys follow me on TikTok. I did like you guys follow me on TikTok. I did like a little like night chat and I was a little like night chat and I was a little like night chat and I was talking about like some of my anxiety talking about like some of my anxiety talking about like some of my anxiety cuz my dad is cancer. Some of my anxiety cuz my dad is cancer. Some of my anxiety cuz my dad is cancer. Some of my anxiety about that is now that like I'm really about that is now that like I'm really about that is now that like I'm really scared to die myself. So, anytime scared to die myself. So, anytime scared to die myself. So, anytime there's turbulence, anytime like a car there's turbulence, anytime like a car there's turbulence, anytime like a car drives past me too fast, anytime I'm drives past me too fast, anytime I'm drives past me too fast, anytime I'm looking both ways, anything is slightly looking both ways, anything is slightly looking both ways, anything is slightly off, I feel like it's a omen for me to off, I feel like it's a omen for me to off, I feel like it's a omen for me to to not make it the next day. Like, I to not make it the next day. Like, I to not make it the next day. Like, I don't know. My anxiety has just been a don't know. My anxiety has just been a don't know. My anxiety has just been a little bit through the roof. It's little bit through the roof. It's little bit through the roof. It's slimmed down a little bit cuz my dad has slimmed down a little bit cuz my dad has slimmed down a little bit cuz my dad has been doing really really well. He's been been doing really really well. He's been been doing really really well. He's been responding really positively to his responding really positively to his responding really positively to his cancer treatment. My anxiety has been cancer treatment. My anxiety has been cancer treatment. My anxiety has been less, but then like I was laying there less, but then like I was laying there less, but then like I was laying there awake and I'm just feeling that slight awake and I'm just feeling that slight awake and I'm just feeling that slight vibration of the building and I'm like, vibration of the building and I'm like, vibration of the building and I'm like, this could be it for me. I don't know this could be it for me. I don't know this could be it for me. I don't know though. I'm bowing out. That was like a though. I'm bowing out. That was like a though. I'm bowing out. That was like a lot for many reasons, you know. I'm not lot for many reasons, you know. I'm not lot for many reasons, you know. I'm not going to say for no reason because on going to say for no reason because on going to say for no reason because on this page out of Moxons, [\h__\h] Let's this page out of Moxons, [\h__\h] Let's this page out of Moxons, [\h__\h] Let's get ready. Wow. Do you guys see my skin? get ready. Wow. Do you guys see my skin? get ready. Wow. Do you guys see my skin? Is it showing up? Wow. At first, I was Is it showing up? Wow. At first, I was Is it showing up? Wow. At first, I was like, uh, wow. Now, if you guys don't like, uh, wow. Now, if you guys don't like, uh, wow. Now, if you guys don't know what these masks are, they are the know what these masks are, they are the know what these masks are, they are the Biodance mask. Biodance mask. Biodance mask. Okay. From Bioance. This is the Okay. From Bioance. This is the Okay. From Bioance. This is the rejuvenating caviar PRN real deep mask. rejuvenating caviar PRN real deep mask. rejuvenating caviar PRN real deep mask. So, there's caviar water, caviar So, there's caviar water, caviar So, there's caviar water, caviar extract, PDRN, and salmon egg extract. extract, PDRN, and salmon egg extract. extract, PDRN, and salmon egg extract. But you have to keep this on your skin But you have to keep this on your skin But you have to keep this on your skin for 4 hours and I kept it on the whole for 4 hours and I kept it on the whole for 4 hours and I kept it on the whole night. So, PDRM for deep skin night. So, PDRM for deep skin night. So, PDRM for deep skin rejuvenation infused with PDRN [music] rejuvenation infused with PDRN [music] rejuvenation infused with PDRN [music] to support skin vitality, boosting to support skin vitality, boosting to support skin vitality, boosting hydration, and glow. Yeah. Ampole. I've hydration, and glow. Yeah. Ampole. I've hydration, and glow. Yeah. Ampole. I've never heard this word. A M P O U L E. never heard this word. A M P O U L E. never heard this word. A M P O U L E. AOL sounds Spanish. Solidified into the AOL sounds Spanish. Solidified into the AOL sounds Spanish. Solidified into the form of a hydrogel mask. Caviar for form of a hydrogel mask. Caviar for form of a hydrogel mask. Caviar for fortified skin barrier. 58% caviar water fortified skin barrier. 58% caviar water fortified skin barrier. 58% caviar water enhances skin condition and reveals a enhances skin condition and reveals a enhances skin condition and reveals a healthy glow and then it turns healthy glow and then it turns healthy glow and then it turns transparent as it's absorbed. [music] So transparent as it's absorbed. [music] So transparent as it's absorbed. [music] So when I put this on it was purple. It's when I put this on it was purple. It's when I put this on it was purple. It's still purple. It's just like transparent still purple. It's just like transparent still purple. It's just like transparent purple now. Yeah. Like my skin looks purple now. Yeah. Like my skin looks purple now. Yeah. Like my skin looks incredible now. I actually felt bad incredible now. I actually felt bad incredible now. I actually felt bad because I got gifted this when I went to because I got gifted this when I went to because I got gifted this when I went to that shoot in Miami and I was like dude that shoot in Miami and I was like dude that shoot in Miami and I was like dude like I first put it on my skin and I was like I first put it on my skin and I was like I first put it on my skin and I was like this is burning. You know I'm a like this is burning. You know I'm a like this is burning. You know I'm a girl with sensitive skin so I get girl with sensitive skin so I get girl with sensitive skin so I get nervous. Like you know I don't really nervous. Like you know I don't really nervous. Like you know I don't really like doing too much. You know I'm real like doing too much. You know I'm real like doing too much. You know I'm real quiet on the creek with it. I was like, quiet on the creek with it. I was like, quiet on the creek with it. I was like, "Let me give it a second chance." Cuz "Let me give it a second chance." Cuz "Let me give it a second chance." Cuz like once I realized that it wasn't like once I realized that it wasn't like once I realized that it wasn't something that you keep [music] on your something that you keep [music] on your something that you keep [music] on your face for 20 minutes and that's something face for 20 minutes and that's something face for 20 minutes and that's something you keep on your face for 40 minutes, I you keep on your face for 40 minutes, I you keep on your face for 40 minutes, I was like, "I think I'm just going to was like, "I think I'm just going to was like, "I think I'm just going to have to fight through it." And I did. have to fight through it." And I did. have to fight through it." And I did. And honestly, I'm going to do this once And honestly, I'm going to do this once And honestly, I'm going to do this once a mother week because this looks a mother week because this looks a mother week because this looks incredible. I almost feel like I don't incredible. I almost feel like I don't incredible. I almost feel like I don't even need to ever do micro needling. even need to ever do micro needling. even need to ever do micro needling. Like, do I rub this in? Like, I'm not Like, do I rub this in? Like, I'm not Like, do I rub this in? Like, I'm not even going to wash my face. I don't even going to wash my face. I don't even going to wash my face. I don't usually wash my face anyway, but I usually wash my face anyway, but I usually wash my face anyway, but I usually do like spray some on it. Wait, usually do like spray some on it. Wait, usually do like spray some on it. Wait, let me see if there's directions on how let me see if there's directions on how let me see if there's directions on how to afterare this because like the gold to afterare this because like the gold to afterare this because like the gold on my skin makes me not even want to on my skin makes me not even want to on my skin makes me not even want to wear makeup. Like, I look incredible. wear makeup. Like, I look incredible. wear makeup. Like, I look incredible. Hm. No postcare instructions. Bio dance. Hm. No postcare instructions. Bio dance. Hm. No postcare instructions. Bio dance. I think you should work on that because I think you should work on that because I think you should work on that because I really don't know what the I'm doing. I really don't know what the I'm doing. I really don't know what the I'm doing. Oh my god, someone said the rudest Oh my god, someone said the rudest Oh my god, someone said the rudest comment to me like, "Oh my god, it was I comment to me like, "Oh my god, it was I comment to me like, "Oh my god, it was I mean it was kind of funny." So when mean it was kind of funny." So when mean it was kind of funny." So when everything was like the highlight of everything was like the highlight of everything was like the highlight of like life, like when I was really going like life, like when I was really going like life, like when I was really going through it, everyone was making these through it, everyone was making these through it, everyone was making these comments about my weight. Like people comments about my weight. Like people comments about my weight. Like people were saying mean things like I just were saying mean things like I just were saying mean things like I just wasn't open to the comments, you know, wasn't open to the comments, you know, wasn't open to the comments, you know, cuz I'm like an out of sight, out of cuz I'm like an out of sight, out of cuz I'm like an out of sight, out of mind person. I got to keep my peace. But mind person. I got to keep my peace. But mind person. I got to keep my peace. But like now I'm actually like really happy like now I'm actually like really happy like now I'm actually like really happy that all of that happened because like that all of that happened because like that all of that happened because like my feelings I don't take it as personal my feelings I don't take it as personal my feelings I don't take it as personal anymore. Like I used to see it and like anymore. Like I used to see it and like anymore. Like I used to see it and like take it, oh wow, like I am ugly. I am take it, oh wow, like I am ugly. I am take it, oh wow, like I am ugly. I am frail. I am annoying. You know, I used frail. I am annoying. You know, I used frail. I am annoying. You know, I used to see something like that and and take to see something like that and and take to see something like that and and take it like to heart or like as if it would, it like to heart or like as if it would, it like to heart or like as if it would, you know, it's something that would like you know, it's something that would like you know, it's something that would like affect me. But I have had so much growth affect me. But I have had so much growth affect me. But I have had so much growth since freaking June that now I'm like since freaking June that now I'm like since freaking June that now I'm like back to reading my comments and back to reading my comments and back to reading my comments and responding to everyone. I just feel so responding to everyone. I just feel so responding to everyone. I just feel so much better about it. I've been being a much better about it. I've been being a much better about it. I've been being a little bit more vocal about it because little bit more vocal about it because little bit more vocal about it because it actually doesn't hurt my feelings it actually doesn't hurt my feelings it actually doesn't hurt my feelings anymore in the same way. I'm like, I'm anymore in the same way. I'm like, I'm anymore in the same way. I'm like, I'm going to call you out if you're being going to call you out if you're being going to call you out if you're being rude again. like this [\h__\h] is a rude again. like this [\h__\h] is a rude again. like this [\h__\h] is a dictatorship on this page. You know, dictatorship on this page. You know, dictatorship on this page. You know, you're going to be typing a hate comment you're going to be typing a hate comment you're going to be typing a hate comment and I'm going to be quick [music] to and I'm going to be quick [music] to and I'm going to be quick [music] to block cuz in my head I'm like, "Haha, block cuz in my head I'm like, "Haha, block cuz in my head I'm like, "Haha, caught you in the middle one." To me, caught you in the middle one." To me, caught you in the middle one." To me, like brings me a little [music] bit of like brings me a little [music] bit of like brings me a little [music] bit of joy cuz you know, like I'm here to like joy cuz you know, like I'm here to like joy cuz you know, like I'm here to like promote positivity, good vibes. I want promote positivity, good vibes. I want promote positivity, good vibes. I want you to feel comfortable in your own you to feel comfortable in your own you to feel comfortable in your own skin. I want you to feel comfortable skin. I want you to feel comfortable skin. I want you to feel comfortable about who you are, okay? I want to about who you are, okay? I want to about who you are, okay? I want to uplift you. So, what we're not going to uplift you. So, what we're not going to uplift you. So, what we're not going to do is bring that negative sassy energy do is bring that negative sassy energy do is bring that negative sassy energy back on this like there ain't going to back on this like there ain't going to back on this like there ain't going to be consequences. Okay? I'm against be consequences. Okay? I'm against be consequences. Okay? I'm against beating kids. I don't believe anyone beating kids. I don't believe anyone beating kids. I don't believe anyone should be beating children. But on this should be beating children. But on this should be beating children. But on this page, I'm imaginarily beating children. page, I'm imaginarily beating children. page, I'm imaginarily beating children. You know what I mean? And the children You know what I mean? And the children You know what I mean? And the children are people that say rude things. I'm are people that say rude things. I'm are people that say rude things. I'm like, okay. Like, your mom never tell like, okay. Like, your mom never tell like, okay. Like, your mom never tell you if you don't have anything nice to you if you don't have anything nice to you if you don't have anything nice to say, keep it to yourself. You know, my say, keep it to yourself. You know, my say, keep it to yourself. You know, my mom did and she wasn't fullying there. mom did and she wasn't fullying there. mom did and she wasn't fullying there. If you know what I mean. You know what? If you know what I mean. You know what? If you know what I mean. You know what? Love my mom though. Love my mom. And Love my mom though. Love my mom. And Love my mom though. Love my mom. And that's the thing, right? Like just that's the thing, right? Like just that's the thing, right? Like just because a comment isn't inherently mean because a comment isn't inherently mean because a comment isn't inherently mean or your intent behind it isn't or your intent behind it isn't or your intent behind it isn't inherently mean doesn't mean it's not inherently mean doesn't mean it's not inherently mean doesn't mean it's not rude. Anyway, this comment from a man rude. Anyway, this comment from a man rude. Anyway, this comment from a man obviously like the comments that bother obviously like the comments that bother obviously like the comments that bother me the least are from men because it's me the least are from men because it's me the least are from men because it's just like, "What are you doing here, just like, "What are you doing here, just like, "What are you doing here, dude? Like, what are you even doing dude? Like, what are you even doing dude? Like, what are you even doing here?" A guy was like, "She literally here?" A guy was like, "She literally here?" A guy was like, "She literally looks dead in the face." On a video that looks dead in the face." On a video that looks dead in the face." On a video that I posted, I was like, "Dude, like sue I posted, I was like, "Dude, like sue I posted, I was like, "Dude, like sue me. I'm not wearing any concealer." You me. I'm not wearing any concealer." You me. I'm not wearing any concealer." You guys, if my face does start to look guys, if my face does start to look guys, if my face does start to look dead, I promise you, I'll be the first dead, I promise you, I'll be the first dead, I promise you, I'll be the first to know because I see myself more than to know because I see myself more than to know because I see myself more than the average person sees himself, okay? the average person sees himself, okay? the average person sees himself, okay? With hours and hours and hours and hours With hours and hours and hours and hours With hours and hours and hours and hours of footage for the past almost 4 years. of footage for the past almost 4 years. of footage for the past almost 4 years. Once I start looking dead, I promise you Once I start looking dead, I promise you Once I start looking dead, I promise you I'll know. But he said that and I was I'll know. But he said that and I was I'll know. But he said that and I was like, dude, like I literally got PRP like, dude, like I literally got PRP like, dude, like I literally got PRP micro needling under the eye. Like don't micro needling under the eye. Like don't micro needling under the eye. Like don't do that. Like I have good under eye do that. Like I have good under eye do that. Like I have good under eye care. Like let's not do that. But it was care. Like let's not do that. But it was care. Like let's not do that. But it was just funny cuz I was like, damn. Like just funny cuz I was like, damn. Like just funny cuz I was like, damn. Like men are just Oh, guys, jawline filler update. She's Oh, guys, jawline filler update. She's Oh, guys, jawline filler update. She's gone. I don't know if you guys noticed. gone. I don't know if you guys noticed. gone. I don't know if you guys noticed. It's like a little less dark in this It's like a little less dark in this It's like a little less dark in this area and droopy. Or maybe it's not. Or area and droopy. Or maybe it's not. Or area and droopy. Or maybe it's not. Or maybe it's in my head. Maybe it looks maybe it's in my head. Maybe it looks maybe it's in my head. Maybe it looks exactly the same. Oh my god. Like you guys, like, let me Oh my god. Like you guys, like, let me Oh my god. Like you guys, like, let me try to get a mirror to try to reflect on try to get a mirror to try to reflect on try to get a mirror to try to reflect on my face. Does that look better? Oh, hold my face. Does that look better? Oh, hold my face. Does that look better? Oh, hold up. Wow. Ooh. Ah, that's some good up. Wow. Ooh. Ah, that's some good up. Wow. Ooh. Ah, that's some good skinincare right there. Well, let me skinincare right there. Well, let me skinincare right there. Well, let me tell you again. I said this in my last tell you again. I said this in my last tell you again. I said this in my last two videos ago. When you see people with two videos ago. When you see people with two videos ago. When you see people with amazing skin, okay, that previously amazing skin, okay, that previously amazing skin, okay, that previously didn't maybe have the best skin and didn't maybe have the best skin and didn't maybe have the best skin and they're just like, "This skin product they're just like, "This skin product they're just like, "This skin product changed my life." I'll only accept that changed my life." I'll only accept that changed my life." I'll only accept that with those masks cuz that mask is really with those masks cuz that mask is really with those masks cuz that mask is really nice. And actually, I will be buying nice. And actually, I will be buying nice. And actually, I will be buying those from now on. And Trenno, Trennoan those from now on. And Trenno, Trennoan those from now on. And Trenno, Trennoan changed my skin's life. Like when I tell changed my skin's life. Like when I tell changed my skin's life. Like when I tell you that I used to have really bad acne. you that I used to have really bad acne. you that I used to have really bad acne. And you guys, I'm ludo phase. So I have And you guys, I'm ludo phase. So I have And you guys, I'm ludo phase. So I have a bit of like acne kind of popping up a bit of like acne kind of popping up a bit of like acne kind of popping up here and there, but like the way Tinoan here and there, but like the way Tinoan here and there, but like the way Tinoan changed my goddamn life. And yes, you do changed my goddamn life. And yes, you do changed my goddamn life. And yes, you do have to go in the United States, go to a have to go in the United States, go to a have to go in the United States, go to a derm and get it prescribed to you, but derm and get it prescribed to you, but derm and get it prescribed to you, but it's like not hard. It's like not hard. it's like not hard. It's like not hard. it's like not hard. It's like not hard. Like go to the derm and be like, "Hey, Like go to the derm and be like, "Hey, Like go to the derm and be like, "Hey, this is my skincare routine." They'll be this is my skincare routine." They'll be this is my skincare routine." They'll be like, "Oh, you should go on tininoan. like, "Oh, you should go on tininoan. like, "Oh, you should go on tininoan. Here you go." And then you pick your Here you go." And then you pick your Here you go." And then you pick your bottle up. I've had my tininoan. I fixed bottle up. I've had my tininoan. I fixed bottle up. I've had my tininoan. I fixed my acne back in 2023 bad summer. In the my acne back in 2023 bad summer. In the my acne back in 2023 bad summer. In the past three years, I've only used two past three years, I've only used two past three years, I've only used two bottles of treone and I use it every bottles of treone and I use it every bottles of treone and I use it every night. This what it looks like. night. This what it looks like. night. This what it looks like. This container lasts you forever because This container lasts you forever because This container lasts you forever because you only need P-s size amount. You're you only need P-s size amount. You're you only need P-s size amount. You're going to put a pee on your finger and going to put a pee on your finger and going to put a pee on your finger and you're going to think it's not enough. you're going to think it's not enough. you're going to think it's not enough. And I'm telling you, it is enough. Okay? And I'm telling you, it is enough. Okay? And I'm telling you, it is enough. Okay? Especially if you're trying to like Especially if you're trying to like Especially if you're trying to like avoid like the dry patchy look. You're avoid like the dry patchy look. You're avoid like the dry patchy look. You're putting too much when you get to that putting too much when you get to that putting too much when you get to that point. Trust me, I know. And I would point. Trust me, I know. And I would point. Trust me, I know. And I would never steer you wrong on purpose. Now, I have both the Danessa Myrix the Now, I have both the Danessa Myrix the Now, I have both the Danessa Myrix the water powder serum and I also have their water powder serum and I also have their water powder serum and I also have their universal skin like blurring balm. Um, I universal skin like blurring balm. Um, I universal skin like blurring balm. Um, I like this one better. I know some people like this one better. I know some people like this one better. I know some people use both, but I've just been using this use both, but I've just been using this use both, but I've just been using this one for a while cuz I was only just one for a while cuz I was only just one for a while cuz I was only just using this one. And this is good. This using this one. And this is good. This using this one. And this is good. This is what's replaced the Milk Grippy is what's replaced the Milk Grippy is what's replaced the Milk Grippy Primer. Like, we're done with the random Primer. Like, we're done with the random Primer. Like, we're done with the random sparkles on my face. I guess I'll try sparkles on my face. I guess I'll try sparkles on my face. I guess I'll try this one today. Here we go. And now if you tap the screen, it will And now if you tap the screen, it will And now if you tap the screen, it will blend my makeup. blend my makeup. blend my makeup. Oh my god. So, I haven't like set Oh my god. So, I haven't like set Oh my god. So, I haven't like set anything yet, but yeah, like makeup came anything yet, but yeah, like makeup came anything yet, but yeah, like makeup came out. Sorry, I keep looking in the out. Sorry, I keep looking in the out. Sorry, I keep looking in the viewfinder. Like, makeup came out like viewfinder. Like, makeup came out like viewfinder. Like, makeup came out like pretty decent, per se. So, you guys, pretty decent, per se. So, you guys, pretty decent, per se. So, you guys, let's talk about the elephant in the let's talk about the elephant in the let's talk about the elephant in the room. These these girly pods that I room. These these girly pods that I room. These these girly pods that I bought yesterday. True Taupe and Endless bought yesterday. True Taupe and Endless bought yesterday. True Taupe and Endless Cacao. I can confirm they are not made Cacao. I can confirm they are not made Cacao. I can confirm they are not made for people of color. Insert photos. You for people of color. Insert photos. You for people of color. Insert photos. You know, I'm never someone that's like know, I'm never someone that's like know, I'm never someone that's like super into returning makeup, but like super into returning makeup, but like super into returning makeup, but like absolutely not. I'm returning this. And absolutely not. I'm returning this. And absolutely not. I'm returning this. And like there's no point in putting it on like there's no point in putting it on like there's no point in putting it on the wrist because that would be nothing. the wrist because that would be nothing. the wrist because that would be nothing. And then I'm also returning this brow And then I'm also returning this brow And then I'm also returning this brow pencil. Unfortunately, guys, it does not pencil. Unfortunately, guys, it does not pencil. Unfortunately, guys, it does not work or show up. I have wiped my brow work or show up. I have wiped my brow work or show up. I have wiped my brow off. I've tried a million things. She off. I've tried a million things. She off. I've tried a million things. She was not g She was giving pigment here. was not g She was giving pigment here. was not g She was giving pigment here. She was not giving pigment on the brow. She was not giving pigment on the brow. She was not giving pigment on the brow. So, yeah. I'm returning this and I don't So, yeah. I'm returning this and I don't So, yeah. I'm returning this and I don't have any goddamn shame about it. have any goddamn shame about it. have any goddamn shame about it. Normalize returning it. This is my first Normalize returning it. This is my first Normalize returning it. This is my first time trying the say setting spray. I'm time trying the say setting spray. I'm time trying the say setting spray. I'm actually really excited about this actually really excited about this actually really excited about this because I posted this little haul on Tik because I posted this little haul on Tik because I posted this little haul on Tik Tok and you guys were like, "Oh my god, Tok and you guys were like, "Oh my god, Tok and you guys were like, "Oh my god, like girl, it's great. Like I love it." like girl, it's great. Like I love it." like girl, it's great. Like I love it." Oh yeah, that's like an even mist. See, Oh yeah, that's like an even mist. See, Oh yeah, that's like an even mist. See, like that's what I'm talking about. Like like that's what I'm talking about. Like like that's what I'm talking about. Like can you guys see it? I need a fine can you guys see it? I need a fine can you guys see it? I need a fine effing mist. You know, like I need a effing mist. You know, like I need a effing mist. You know, like I need a fine mist. This is nice. I already feel fine mist. This is nice. I already feel fine mist. This is nice. I already feel like I'm glowing more. What do you guys like I'm glowing more. What do you guys like I'm glowing more. What do you guys think? Okay, let's talk about the lip think? Okay, let's talk about the lip think? Okay, let's talk about the lip color that I do have on. So, I'm color that I do have on. So, I'm color that I do have on. So, I'm actually not wearing the Kofi lip liner actually not wearing the Kofi lip liner actually not wearing the Kofi lip liner today. I'm actually not wearing this today. I'm actually not wearing this today. I'm actually not wearing this one. I'm giving this one a try again. I one. I'm giving this one a try again. I one. I'm giving this one a try again. I was wearing that one a lot. So, and this was wearing that one a lot. So, and this was wearing that one a lot. So, and this one was like out and I never like one was like out and I never like one was like out and I never like resharpened it, but I resharpened it resharpened it, but I resharpened it resharpened it, but I resharpened it today. This is Bittersweet from MPH, I today. This is Bittersweet from MPH, I today. This is Bittersweet from MPH, I believe. And I saw Courtney wear this believe. And I saw Courtney wear this believe. And I saw Courtney wear this liner and I was like, "Oh, okay. Look, liner and I was like, "Oh, okay. Look, liner and I was like, "Oh, okay. Look, let me see. I'll buy it." Baby, let me see. I'll buy it." Baby, let me see. I'll buy it." Baby, that's like the perfect like literally that's like the perfect like literally that's like the perfect like literally like everyday lip shade. Am I wrong? Let like everyday lip shade. Am I wrong? Let like everyday lip shade. Am I wrong? Let me go ahead and blend the edges out, you me go ahead and blend the edges out, you me go ahead and blend the edges out, you know, for that blurry look because I know, for that blurry look because I know, for that blurry look because I like it to look a bit blurry. But if like it to look a bit blurry. But if like it to look a bit blurry. But if anything, I would say that this is more anything, I would say that this is more anything, I would say that this is more closer to like a neutral colored brown. closer to like a neutral colored brown. closer to like a neutral colored brown. It's not as warm and it's just dark It's not as warm and it's just dark It's not as warm and it's just dark enough for my complexion. Like it enough for my complexion. Like it enough for my complexion. Like it [clears throat] doesn't even really I [clears throat] doesn't even really I [clears throat] doesn't even really I don't know if I even like it that much don't know if I even like it that much don't know if I even like it that much because like low key, I do like to have because like low key, I do like to have because like low key, I do like to have some contrast on my face. But I am some contrast on my face. But I am some contrast on my face. But I am excited because I know I'm going to love excited because I know I'm going to love excited because I know I'm going to love this. This is the Hourglass color that this. This is the Hourglass color that this. This is the Hourglass color that we picked up yesterday in that lur we picked up yesterday in that lur we picked up yesterday in that lur color. color. color. Yeah, that's giving like black forest. Yeah, that's giving like black forest. Yeah, that's giving like black forest. Oh yeah, spit on me. That is lovely. Oh yeah, spit on me. That is lovely. Oh yeah, spit on me. That is lovely. Okay, actually I am going to add a bit Okay, actually I am going to add a bit Okay, actually I am going to add a bit of the Kofi. I just like a little of the Kofi. I just like a little of the Kofi. I just like a little browner. browner. browner. That's better. Okay. And then this is That's better. Okay. And then this is That's better. Okay. And then this is how you see like that glow that that sun how you see like that glow that that sun how you see like that glow that that sun that spritz gives. Like that's what I that spritz gives. Like that's what I that spritz gives. Like that's what I want. I know some people like the matte want. I know some people like the matte want. I know some people like the matte look. Time and place, you know. I like look. Time and place, you know. I like look. Time and place, you know. I like looking like the sun. looking like the sun. looking like the sun. Put a little mole on the lip, you know, Put a little mole on the lip, you know, Put a little mole on the lip, you know, so people know I'm feisty. And that's so people know I'm feisty. And that's so people know I'm feisty. And that's the makeup. Welcome back to my channel. the makeup. Welcome back to my channel. the makeup. Welcome back to my channel. Welcome back to my channel. Oh my god, I Welcome back to my channel. Oh my god, I Welcome back to my channel. Oh my god, I haven't done an intro in so long. haven't done an intro in so long. haven't done an intro in so long. Welcome back to the channel. Um, if Welcome back to the channel. Um, if Welcome back to the channel. Um, if you're new here, hi. My name is Tia you're new here, hi. My name is Tia you're new here, hi. My name is Tia Joelle. On this page, you know, we Joelle. On this page, you know, we Joelle. On this page, you know, we really focus on trying to be the most really focus on trying to be the most really focus on trying to be the most authentic you, okay? Not only the most authentic you, okay? Not only the most authentic you, okay? Not only the most authentic you, but I want you to be the authentic you, but I want you to be the authentic you, but I want you to be the best version of that authentic version best version of that authentic version best version of that authentic version of you. I know I said a lot of versions of you. I know I said a lot of versions of you. I know I said a lot of versions in that and I don't care. If you haven't in that and I don't care. If you haven't in that and I don't care. If you haven't already, please make sure to like and already, please make sure to like and already, please make sure to like and subscribe. And if you really like me, I subscribe. And if you really like me, I subscribe. And if you really like me, I post every day and multiple times a day post every day and multiple times a day post every day and multiple times a day across my short form platforms. I give across my short form platforms. I give across my short form platforms. I give the people what they want. I do. I'm the people what they want. I do. I'm the people what they want. I do. I'm reliable. I'm good old trusty dusty as reliable. I'm good old trusty dusty as reliable. I'm good old trusty dusty as one will call. The chances of me one will call. The chances of me one will call. The chances of me disappearing from the internet low. You disappearing from the internet low. You disappearing from the internet low. You know, my digital footprint is already know, my digital footprint is already know, my digital footprint is already immense. And um I'm like a cockroach. immense. And um I'm like a cockroach. immense. And um I'm like a cockroach. You can't squish me. Well, you can, but You can't squish me. Well, you can, but You can't squish me. Well, you can, but I'll be too quick and then I'll freak I'll be too quick and then I'll freak I'll be too quick and then I'll freak you out and you run away. It pains me to report, guys. Samuel L. It pains me to report, guys. Samuel L. It pains me to report, guys. Samuel L. Jackson did not sleep with mommy last Jackson did not sleep with mommy last Jackson did not sleep with mommy last night. What's your problem? probably night. What's your problem? probably night. What's your problem? probably because I was cleaning till 1:00 a.m. because I was cleaning till 1:00 a.m. because I was cleaning till 1:00 a.m. Answered my own damn question. I love Answered my own damn question. I love Answered my own damn question. I love you, baby. I'm actually, even though I you, baby. I'm actually, even though I you, baby. I'm actually, even though I didn't get that much sleep, like my didn't get that much sleep, like my didn't get that much sleep, like my energy, I'm really excited to film today energy, I'm really excited to film today energy, I'm really excited to film today because Let me show you. Let me show because Let me show you. Let me show because Let me show you. Let me show you. I have a new gym outfit. I got new you. I have a new gym outfit. I got new you. I have a new gym outfit. I got new gym clothes in the mail from Miss Honor gym clothes in the mail from Miss Honor gym clothes in the mail from Miss Honor Active herself. Active herself. Active herself. So, of course, we're going to try it on. So, of course, we're going to try it on. So, of course, we're going to try it on. I think I have like four pieces in here. I think I have like four pieces in here. I think I have like four pieces in here. Make it rain, baby. You know, I said Make it rain, baby. You know, I said Make it rain, baby. You know, I said that one time at a daycare. I was just that one time at a daycare. I was just that one time at a daycare. I was just joking, though. Okay, so listen. I know joking, though. Okay, so listen. I know joking, though. Okay, so listen. I know everyone talks about the straight legs. everyone talks about the straight legs. everyone talks about the straight legs. I get it. We love the straight legs, and I get it. We love the straight legs, and I get it. We love the straight legs, and I have a lot of straight legs, but can I have a lot of straight legs, but can I have a lot of straight legs, but can we get into the mother flares? Can we we get into the mother flares? Can we we get into the mother flares? Can we get into that? Is that something we can get into that? Is that something we can get into that? Is that something we can do? I like the flares personally more do? I like the flares personally more do? I like the flares personally more than the straight legs. Something about than the straight legs. Something about than the straight legs. Something about them, I think it just adds a little bit them, I think it just adds a little bit them, I think it just adds a little bit more shape to my thigh and it just makes more shape to my thigh and it just makes more shape to my thigh and it just makes me look a little shapier. Unless you me look a little shapier. Unless you me look a little shapier. Unless you have the most ginormous in the world, have the most ginormous in the world, have the most ginormous in the world, the straight leg, it's going to soften the straight leg, it's going to soften the straight leg, it's going to soften what you already don't really have, you what you already don't really have, you what you already don't really have, you know? And you know, my butt, she's know? And you know, my butt, she's know? And you know, my butt, she's getting there. Plump, but she's not getting there. Plump, but she's not getting there. Plump, but she's not there. She's not there. So, soft motion there. She's not there. So, soft motion there. She's not there. So, soft motion flared bottoms in the color dusty flared bottoms in the color dusty flared bottoms in the color dusty purple. Now, I am wearing a size medium purple. Now, I am wearing a size medium purple. Now, I am wearing a size medium long. I can wear a size small. I've long. I can wear a size small. I've long. I can wear a size small. I've never tried an extra small. I just feel never tried an extra small. I just feel never tried an extra small. I just feel like that would be overkill, but I'm like that would be overkill, but I'm like that would be overkill, but I'm wearing a size medium long. And one of wearing a size medium long. And one of wearing a size medium long. And one of the reasons for that is ex when I used the reasons for that is ex when I used the reasons for that is ex when I used to wear a lot of Honoractive, I used to to wear a lot of Honoractive, I used to to wear a lot of Honoractive, I used to get a small and the smalls fit. Like get a small and the smalls fit. Like get a small and the smalls fit. Like they suck me in. But like now I'm just they suck me in. But like now I'm just they suck me in. But like now I'm just like, do I want to be feeling like I'm like, do I want to be feeling like I'm like, do I want to be feeling like I'm baking a cake down there, you know? Like baking a cake down there, you know? Like baking a cake down there, you know? Like I just want to be free. I want to be I just want to be free. I want to be I just want to be free. I want to be free. So we will try this on. And then I free. So we will try this on. And then I free. So we will try this on. And then I got a matching top. Respectfully, I'm got a matching top. Respectfully, I'm got a matching top. Respectfully, I'm not the hugest fan of I don't mind it. not the hugest fan of I don't mind it. not the hugest fan of I don't mind it. So these are the four soft fitted off So these are the four soft fitted off So these are the four soft fitted off the shoulder top. And then I got it in the shoulder top. And then I got it in the shoulder top. And then I got it in dusty purple and I have this in a size dusty purple and I have this in a size dusty purple and I have this in a size extra small. I do recommend sizing down extra small. I do recommend sizing down extra small. I do recommend sizing down on these tops because they uh you can on these tops because they uh you can on these tops because they uh you can size down on them. They're you see that size down on them. They're you see that size down on them. They're you see that you know and I like to be able to say you know and I like to be able to say you know and I like to be able to say they're called for soft. They are soft they're called for soft. They are soft they're called for soft. They are soft as they are soft as foruck. Sorry, I as they are soft as foruck. Sorry, I as they are soft as foruck. Sorry, I don't know what I'm trying to say. We'll don't know what I'm trying to say. We'll don't know what I'm trying to say. We'll try this on. I'm going to do like a try this on. I'm going to do like a try this on. I'm going to do like a little mini fashion show. little mini fashion show. little mini fashion show. So yeah, that's top number one. I don't So yeah, that's top number one. I don't So yeah, that's top number one. I don't think this color looks that great on my think this color looks that great on my think this color looks that great on my skin to be honest. But super cute. Nips skin to be honest. But super cute. Nips skin to be honest. But super cute. Nips galore. Go ahead and ignore that. But galore. Go ahead and ignore that. But galore. Go ahead and ignore that. But they have like this cute little they have like this cute little they have like this cute little spy thing in them. And then the pants spy thing in them. And then the pants spy thing in them. And then the pants are really long and I love that. That are really long and I love that. That are really long and I love that. That really gets me going. Drag a little bit really gets me going. Drag a little bit really gets me going. Drag a little bit on the floor. That is super cute. I'm on the floor. That is super cute. I'm on the floor. That is super cute. I'm out of breath. Okay, this next color we out of breath. Okay, this next color we out of breath. Okay, this next color we have. This is the color I'm going to have. This is the color I'm going to have. This is the color I'm going to wear today. I can already feel it. wear today. I can already feel it. wear today. I can already feel it. [laughter] You spicy spicy naughty girl. [laughter] You spicy spicy naughty girl. [laughter] You spicy spicy naughty girl. Soft Motion minimal halterneck bralette Soft Motion minimal halterneck bralette Soft Motion minimal halterneck bralette in rose pink. That doesn't make any in rose pink. That doesn't make any in rose pink. That doesn't make any sense. It's got the wrong tag on this, sense. It's got the wrong tag on this, sense. It's got the wrong tag on this, but whatever. This is the flared but whatever. This is the flared but whatever. This is the flared leggings in rose pink. Now, I actually leggings in rose pink. Now, I actually leggings in rose pink. Now, I actually got these ones in a small. Oh, no. I got these ones in a small. Oh, no. I got these ones in a small. Oh, no. I didn't get these in a small. That's the didn't get these in a small. That's the didn't get these in a small. That's the wrong lettering. This is also medium on. wrong lettering. This is also medium on. wrong lettering. This is also medium on. And then I got the bralette top to match And then I got the bralette top to match And then I got the bralette top to match it. I like a matching top. I I like not it. I like a matching top. I I like not it. I like a matching top. I I like not matching, but also like I like looking matching, but also like I like looking matching, but also like I like looking like I go to a private school. That is a like I go to a private school. That is a like I go to a private school. That is a stunning color. That's going to My stunning color. That's going to My stunning color. That's going to My skin's about to go crazy. skin's about to go crazy. skin's about to go crazy. You're going to blow your when you see You're going to blow your when you see You're going to blow your when you see this one. Oh wow. Wow. Wow. Look at this this one. Oh wow. Wow. Wow. Look at this this one. Oh wow. Wow. Wow. Look at this color on my skin. Let me say something color on my skin. Let me say something color on my skin. Let me say something real quick about pinks. Pinks. I'm very real quick about pinks. Pinks. I'm very real quick about pinks. Pinks. I'm very particular about pink. And by that I particular about pink. And by that I particular about pink. And by that I mean I'm not particular at all. I love mean I'm not particular at all. I love mean I'm not particular at all. I love them all typically. But this pink in them all typically. But this pink in them all typically. But this pink in particular, it's coming on camera like particular, it's coming on camera like particular, it's coming on camera like it's really bright. And I would be lying it's really bright. And I would be lying it's really bright. And I would be lying if I said it wasn't really bright in if I said it wasn't really bright in if I said it wasn't really bright in real life as well. However, it is a real life as well. However, it is a real life as well. However, it is a bluetoned pink. I have never in my life bluetoned pink. I have never in my life bluetoned pink. I have never in my life owned a pair of activew wear that is a owned a pair of activew wear that is a owned a pair of activew wear that is a blue tone pink. Like for instance, like blue tone pink. Like for instance, like blue tone pink. Like for instance, like when you think about like this is like when you think about like this is like when you think about like this is like black girl pink. Do you know what I mean black girl pink. Do you know what I mean black girl pink. Do you know what I mean when I say that? Like this is black girl when I say that? Like this is black girl when I say that? Like this is black girl pink. Think about getting a blush that pink. Think about getting a blush that pink. Think about getting a blush that looks ashy on your face and they're just looks ashy on your face and they're just looks ashy on your face and they're just not being enough blue in it. Okay. To not being enough blue in it. Okay. To not being enough blue in it. Okay. To like really bring out the color. That's like really bring out the color. That's like really bring out the color. That's this. Let's take a moment for the bra. this. Let's take a moment for the bra. this. Let's take a moment for the bra. I'm not moisturized yet, so don't say I'm not moisturized yet, so don't say I'm not moisturized yet, so don't say anything. They're regular waisted. anything. They're regular waisted. anything. They're regular waisted. They're regular waisted. I just wear They're regular waisted. I just wear They're regular waisted. I just wear them low-waisted cuz I can. You know, them low-waisted cuz I can. You know, them low-waisted cuz I can. You know, that's the beautiful thing about Free that's the beautiful thing about Free that's the beautiful thing about Free Well. I can do whatever I want. I don't Well. I can do whatever I want. I don't Well. I can do whatever I want. I don't know. What do you guys think? Should I know. What do you guys think? Should I know. What do you guys think? Should I wax? It's like not that bad, dude. My wax? It's like not that bad, dude. My wax? It's like not that bad, dude. My This is going to be a really TMI girl This is going to be a really TMI girl This is going to be a really TMI girl moment, okay? So, if you're not here for moment, okay? So, if you're not here for moment, okay? So, if you're not here for that, I need you to scroll up 30 that, I need you to scroll up 30 that, I need you to scroll up 30 seconds. I cannot be the only person seconds. I cannot be the only person seconds. I cannot be the only person this happens to. I support bush life. I this happens to. I support bush life. I this happens to. I support bush life. I love having a bush down there. Don't love having a bush down there. Don't love having a bush down there. Don't mind. I think it's very womanly. I think mind. I think it's very womanly. I think mind. I think it's very womanly. I think it's regrown. Okay. One of the few it's regrown. Okay. One of the few it's regrown. Okay. One of the few negatives about being a supporter of negatives about being a supporter of negatives about being a supporter of bush life and living that life is when bush life and living that life is when bush life and living that life is when your hair follicle pokes right through your hair follicle pokes right through your hair follicle pokes right through the fabric. So, I'm literally looking at the fabric. So, I'm literally looking at the fabric. So, I'm literally looking at one of my pubes right now poking right one of my pubes right now poking right one of my pubes right now poking right through the fabric. He's strong. That through the fabric. He's strong. That through the fabric. He's strong. That one. Yeah. This is cute. This is cute. one. Yeah. This is cute. This is cute. one. Yeah. This is cute. This is cute. Oh my god. So, let me ask you guys this. Oh my god. So, let me ask you guys this. Oh my god. So, let me ask you guys this. Okay. And I'm asking, do I vlog weird? Okay. And I'm asking, do I vlog weird? Okay. And I'm asking, do I vlog weird? Is this a weird way to vlog? Because I Is this a weird way to vlog? Because I Is this a weird way to vlog? Because I had someone they in my comments new had someone they in my comments new had someone they in my comments new stink. And if you're watching the stink, stink. And if you're watching the stink, stink. And if you're watching the stink, I love you, Stink. She was like, "Oh, I I love you, Stink. She was like, "Oh, I I love you, Stink. She was like, "Oh, I love the way that you vlog. It's so love the way that you vlog. It's so love the way that you vlog. It's so different. Like, it's refreshing." I different. Like, it's refreshing." I different. Like, it's refreshing." I didn't realize I was vlogging didn't realize I was vlogging didn't realize I was vlogging differently. You know, I'm a consumer of differently. You know, I'm a consumer of differently. You know, I'm a consumer of content. And I know every everyone has a content. And I know every everyone has a content. And I know every everyone has a lot of stuff to say, but also guys like lot of stuff to say, but also guys like lot of stuff to say, but also guys like setting your camera up and having the setting your camera up and having the setting your camera up and having the aesthetic like let me walk through my aesthetic like let me walk through my aesthetic like let me walk through my house and like let me change the camera house and like let me change the camera house and like let me change the camera every 17 angles for me just to speak to every 17 angles for me just to speak to every 17 angles for me just to speak to the camera. Like there are some people the camera. Like there are some people the camera. Like there are some people who are going to do that and there are who are going to do that and there are who are going to do that and there are some people who aren't. And some people who aren't. And some people who aren't. And unfortunately if you guys want these unfortunately if you guys want these unfortunately if you guys want these longer ass vlogs, I'm going to be longer ass vlogs, I'm going to be longer ass vlogs, I'm going to be someone that doesn't, you know. So I'm someone that doesn't, you know. So I'm someone that doesn't, you know. So I'm sorry that sometimes it's not that sorry that sometimes it's not that sorry that sometimes it's not that aesthetic. But I'm tired. I don't think, aesthetic. But I'm tired. I don't think, aesthetic. But I'm tired. I don't think, you know, for my people who have you know, for my people who have you know, for my people who have attempted to do YouTube and are actively attempted to do YouTube and are actively attempted to do YouTube and are actively doing YouTube, you know, like this is no doing YouTube, you know, like this is no doing YouTube, you know, like this is no easy feat. YouTube alone is a full-time easy feat. YouTube alone is a full-time easy feat. YouTube alone is a full-time job. And that's not even to mention like job. And that's not even to mention like job. And that's not even to mention like you also being consistent on short form you also being consistent on short form you also being consistent on short form platforms and finding relevancy. So, you platforms and finding relevancy. So, you platforms and finding relevancy. So, you kind of just have to sacrifice things kind of just have to sacrifice things kind of just have to sacrifice things when you do. Like, not everything is when you do. Like, not everything is when you do. Like, not everything is going to be perfect and it's not going going to be perfect and it's not going going to be perfect and it's not going to look amazing all the time. And like to look amazing all the time. And like to look amazing all the time. And like you kind of just like have to be okay you kind of just like have to be okay you kind of just like have to be okay with that. Like even if you get like an with that. Like even if you get like an with that. Like even if you get like an editor, like the editor is not going to editor, like the editor is not going to editor, like the editor is not going to edit like you and you sometimes just got edit like you and you sometimes just got edit like you and you sometimes just got to be okay with with whatever comes out. to be okay with with whatever comes out. to be okay with with whatever comes out. Okay. I saw this one girl. Let me show Okay. I saw this one girl. Let me show Okay. I saw this one girl. Let me show you. She took the for top. She took the you. She took the for top. She took the you. She took the for top. She took the form top. I'm actually just going to form top. I'm actually just going to form top. I'm actually just going to slide this up. I don't Does anyone else slide this up. I don't Does anyone else slide this up. I don't Does anyone else like sometimes just like not ever feel like sometimes just like not ever feel like sometimes just like not ever feel like putting things over their head? like putting things over their head? like putting things over their head? Like any opportunity I have to slide it Like any opportunity I have to slide it Like any opportunity I have to slide it up from underneath, I'll take it because up from underneath, I'll take it because up from underneath, I'll take it because like I just can't be like I just can't be like I just can't be and she just like tied it. This looks and she just like tied it. This looks and she just like tied it. This looks stupid. Let me adjust it. Give me a stupid. Let me adjust it. Give me a stupid. Let me adjust it. Give me a second. Trust the process. Like it's second. Trust the process. Like it's second. Trust the process. Like it's like a little cover up. Like I obviously like a little cover up. Like I obviously like a little cover up. Like I obviously this is not how you're supposed to wear this is not how you're supposed to wear this is not how you're supposed to wear it, but like is this not cute? Like am I it, but like is this not cute? Like am I it, but like is this not cute? Like am I tripping right now? What if I was like tripping right now? What if I was like tripping right now? What if I was like ooh look I'm sporty. I'm sporty. I'm ooh look I'm sporty. I'm sporty. I'm ooh look I'm sporty. I'm sporty. I'm sporty. And then like the whole back is sporty. And then like the whole back is sporty. And then like the whole back is exposed. Do we like it? Like is it cute? exposed. Do we like it? Like is it cute? exposed. Do we like it? Like is it cute? You guys don't like it? It doesn't You guys don't like it? It doesn't You guys don't like it? It doesn't matter. If I regret this later on, I matter. If I regret this later on, I matter. If I regret this later on, I regret it later on. THIS IS CUTE. regret it later on. THIS IS CUTE. regret it later on. THIS IS CUTE. I just love living alone. That's what I just love living alone. That's what I just love living alone. That's what this is. Oh, you know what? I want to this is. Oh, you know what? I want to this is. Oh, you know what? I want to use a new scent. I've been using the use a new scent. I've been using the use a new scent. I've been using the same perfume for a minute. Let's switch same perfume for a minute. Let's switch same perfume for a minute. Let's switch it up. I'm feeling really girly. So, it up. I'm feeling really girly. So, it up. I'm feeling really girly. So, Jose Margan Oil Body Butter. That is my Jose Margan Oil Body Butter. That is my Jose Margan Oil Body Butter. That is my go-to. You guys know that. I'm [snorts] go-to. You guys know that. I'm [snorts] go-to. You guys know that. I'm [snorts] actually just wanted to say that I actually just wanted to say that I actually just wanted to say that I really love you guys. Like I'm like really love you guys. Like I'm like really love you guys. Like I'm like really grateful for life and I really really grateful for life and I really really grateful for life and I really love you guys and like I'm so happy that love you guys and like I'm so happy that love you guys and like I'm so happy that I feel so comfortable to share all these I feel so comfortable to share all these I feel so comfortable to share all these sides of me cuz I know it's like a lot. sides of me cuz I know it's like a lot. sides of me cuz I know it's like a lot. I know it's a lot. I know it's a lot. I I know it's a lot. I know it's a lot. I I know it's a lot. I know it's a lot. I know it's a lot. But I don't know. I know it's a lot. But I don't know. I know it's a lot. But I don't know. I just feel like we have really good just feel like we have really good just feel like we have really good relationship. Maybe you don't. Maybe you relationship. Maybe you don't. Maybe you relationship. Maybe you don't. Maybe you don't. Maybe you don't. Maybe it's I'm don't. Maybe you don't. Maybe it's I'm don't. Maybe you don't. Maybe it's I'm just random. I don't know what I'm just random. I don't know what I'm just random. I don't know what I'm saying. You guys, what I will say though saying. You guys, what I will say though saying. You guys, what I will say though about the Joe's Moran, as much as I love about the Joe's Moran, as much as I love about the Joe's Moran, as much as I love it, I'm not really sure how much that it, I'm not really sure how much that it, I'm not really sure how much that scent be sticking. And if anyone else scent be sticking. And if anyone else scent be sticking. And if anyone else has tried this and like thinks the same has tried this and like thinks the same has tried this and like thinks the same thing, like can we talk about it in the thing, like can we talk about it in the thing, like can we talk about it in the comments cuz I like need to know. Like comments cuz I like need to know. Like comments cuz I like need to know. Like is it me or maybe I'm just like so nose is it me or maybe I'm just like so nose is it me or maybe I'm just like so nose blind to it at this point that like I blind to it at this point that like I blind to it at this point that like I can't hear it. And then the perfume. I'm can't hear it. And then the perfume. I'm can't hear it. And then the perfume. I'm using the Kylie Jenner perfume in using the Kylie Jenner perfume in using the Kylie Jenner perfume in cosmic. This is like actually a really cosmic. This is like actually a really cosmic. This is like actually a really lovely perfume. I just have a lot of lovely perfume. I just have a lot of lovely perfume. I just have a lot of perfumes now. So I was just like oh I perfumes now. So I was just like oh I perfumes now. So I was just like oh I want to pick a signature scent and stick want to pick a signature scent and stick want to pick a signature scent and stick with it. But like I don't have to do with it. But like I don't have to do with it. But like I don't have to do that. I can switch my scent up every day that. I can switch my scent up every day that. I can switch my scent up every day if I want to. And just like clothes I if I want to. And just like clothes I if I want to. And just like clothes I was talking to you guys all like you was talking to you guys all like you was talking to you guys all like you know finding your personal style and know finding your personal style and know finding your personal style and like yes finding your personal style is like yes finding your personal style is like yes finding your personal style is important. Yes, making sure that like important. Yes, making sure that like important. Yes, making sure that like you wake up and you know you try to get you wake up and you know you try to get you wake up and you know you try to get dressed every day. You never know who dressed every day. You never know who dressed every day. You never know who you're going to meet. You never know. you're going to meet. You never know. you're going to meet. You never know. Like, you know, everyone's always going Like, you know, everyone's always going Like, you know, everyone's always going to have an impression of you and I want to have an impression of you and I want to have an impression of you and I want my impression to be mysterious, bad, my impression to be mysterious, bad, my impression to be mysterious, bad, sexy, fun, and amazing, you know? But sexy, fun, and amazing, you know? But sexy, fun, and amazing, you know? But like, I think at that point I was so like, I think at that point I was so like, I think at that point I was so bent on, okay, like I really want all of bent on, okay, like I really want all of bent on, okay, like I really want all of my wardrobe to feel the same way. But my wardrobe to feel the same way. But my wardrobe to feel the same way. But then I was just like, I don't have to do then I was just like, I don't have to do then I was just like, I don't have to do that. Like, if I want to wear a crappy that. Like, if I want to wear a crappy that. Like, if I want to wear a crappy t-shirt with some oversized jeans and t-shirt with some oversized jeans and t-shirt with some oversized jeans and some flip-flops and that be like the some flip-flops and that be like the some flip-flops and that be like the oversized like cutesy look, I can do oversized like cutesy look, I can do oversized like cutesy look, I can do that. And if I want to look like a that. And if I want to look like a that. And if I want to look like a 40-year-old milk, I can do that. Like 40-year-old milk, I can do that. Like 40-year-old milk, I can do that. Like that's the whole beautiful part about that's the whole beautiful part about that's the whole beautiful part about being a human being is that you get to being a human being is that you get to being a human being is that you get to choose which character you want to play, choose which character you want to play, choose which character you want to play, you know? And it doesn't have to be the you know? And it doesn't have to be the you know? And it doesn't have to be the same thing every day. I just feel so same thing every day. I just feel so same thing every day. I just feel so free. What is going on with me right now free. What is going on with me right now free. What is going on with me right now to ruin this entire outfit, guys? I'm to ruin this entire outfit, guys? I'm to ruin this entire outfit, guys? I'm going to put a bandana with it. Now, I going to put a bandana with it. Now, I going to put a bandana with it. Now, I saw Chrissy Chella. I saw her do this. saw Chrissy Chella. I saw her do this. saw Chrissy Chella. I saw her do this. She was wearing Well, to be fair, I've She was wearing Well, to be fair, I've She was wearing Well, to be fair, I've been I've been wearing bandanas. Like, been I've been wearing bandanas. Like, been I've been wearing bandanas. Like, that's I've been wearing that's not a that's I've been wearing that's not a that's I've been wearing that's not a I'm not copying her on that. But what I I'm not copying her on that. But what I I'm not copying her on that. But what I will say is I saw her wear a blue will say is I saw her wear a blue will say is I saw her wear a blue bandana with this outfit and I was like bandana with this outfit and I was like bandana with this outfit and I was like m okay blue tone pink blue bandana like m okay blue tone pink blue bandana like m okay blue tone pink blue bandana like is it just getting dumb now? Like should is it just getting dumb now? Like should is it just getting dumb now? Like should I just like not do this? Hold up with I just like not do this? Hold up with I just like not do this? Hold up with the bandana. I took the top off cuz I the bandana. I took the top off cuz I the bandana. I took the top off cuz I felt like the top was like too like felt like the top was like too like felt like the top was like too like girly feminine for me to like wear the girly feminine for me to like wear the girly feminine for me to like wear the cool HIKER GIRL BANDANA. YEAH, I mean I cool HIKER GIRL BANDANA. YEAH, I mean I cool HIKER GIRL BANDANA. YEAH, I mean I like it. What do you guys think? Also, I like it. What do you guys think? Also, I like it. What do you guys think? Also, I did just let me show you this. So I did just let me show you this. So I did just let me show you this. So I finally like caved and I got one of finally like caved and I got one of finally like caved and I got one of those Dove those did I say dove? Forgot those Dove those did I say dove? Forgot those Dove those did I say dove? Forgot what this is called. Lush body oil bars. what this is called. Lush body oil bars. what this is called. Lush body oil bars. That's this. Round of applause for her. That's this. Round of applause for her. That's this. Round of applause for her. That's what we'll say. Put on That's what we'll say. Put on That's what we'll say. Put on deodorants. Already sitting my ass. I deodorants. Already sitting my ass. I deodorants. Already sitting my ass. I don't really know what else I can do. don't really know what else I can do. don't really know what else I can do. Okay, I'm hungry. Time to have a little Okay, I'm hungry. Time to have a little Okay, I'm hungry. Time to have a little pre-workout snack. Okay, let's talk about pre-workout Okay, let's talk about pre-workout Okay, let's talk about pre-workout snack. Also, do you guys like my bowl? I snack. Also, do you guys like my bowl? I snack. Also, do you guys like my bowl? I painted that. I didn't make the bowl, painted that. I didn't make the bowl, painted that. I didn't make the bowl, obviously. Like, it's really expensive obviously. Like, it's really expensive obviously. Like, it's really expensive actually to go and make pottery. Didn't actually to go and make pottery. Didn't actually to go and make pottery. Didn't know that. But I did paint it. She's know that. But I did paint it. She's know that. But I did paint it. She's very, very cute. She is a wash by hand very, very cute. She is a wash by hand very, very cute. She is a wash by hand type of bowl though. I did realize that type of bowl though. I did realize that type of bowl though. I did realize that with my other stuff. Anyway, pre-workout with my other stuff. Anyway, pre-workout with my other stuff. Anyway, pre-workout snack. You guys know what the vibe is. snack. You guys know what the vibe is. snack. You guys know what the vibe is. I'm having musli. It is a delicious I'm having musli. It is a delicious I'm having musli. It is a delicious blend of whole grain cereal, dried blend of whole grain cereal, dried blend of whole grain cereal, dried fruit, and nuts. No added sugar. And I fruit, and nuts. No added sugar. And I fruit, and nuts. No added sugar. And I really like the ingredients. Let's look really like the ingredients. Let's look really like the ingredients. Let's look at these ingredients here. Eight flakes, at these ingredients here. Eight flakes, at these ingredients here. Eight flakes, toasted wheat flakes, raisins, flacked toasted wheat flakes, raisins, flacked toasted wheat flakes, raisins, flacked almonds, and hazelnuts. I know what all almonds, and hazelnuts. I know what all almonds, and hazelnuts. I know what all of those ingredients are. So, I'm of those ingredients are. So, I'm of those ingredients are. So, I'm actually at the end of this. I bought actually at the end of this. I bought actually at the end of this. I bought another one already, but I'm going to go another one already, but I'm going to go another one already, but I'm going to go ahead and finish this off. Especially on ahead and finish this off. Especially on ahead and finish this off. Especially on my leg days, I like to have That doesn't my leg days, I like to have That doesn't my leg days, I like to have That doesn't look like a lot. It is a lot. You can look like a lot. It is a lot. You can look like a lot. It is a lot. You can like warm this up, too. I guess this is like warm this up, too. I guess this is like warm this up, too. I guess this is like I'm just eating oatmeal cold. like I'm just eating oatmeal cold. like I'm just eating oatmeal cold. Really? That's kind of what's happening Really? That's kind of what's happening Really? That's kind of what's happening here. Now, I [applause] have lactade, here. Now, I [applause] have lactade, here. Now, I [applause] have lactade, but I also have the Fair Life Lactoseree but I also have the Fair Life Lactoseree but I also have the Fair Life Lactoseree milk in there. That one has a little bit milk in there. That one has a little bit milk in there. That one has a little bit more protein, but I'm not wasteful, so more protein, but I'm not wasteful, so more protein, but I'm not wasteful, so I'm going to finish this. Yeah, that's I'm going to finish this. Yeah, that's I'm going to finish this. Yeah, that's about good. I'm not measuring any of about good. I'm not measuring any of about good. I'm not measuring any of this [\h__\h] Going to put a bit of honey this [\h__\h] Going to put a bit of honey this [\h__\h] Going to put a bit of honey in there. I'm not measuring. Why am I in there. I'm not measuring. Why am I in there. I'm not measuring. Why am I not measuring? I'm not measuring. not measuring? I'm not measuring. not measuring? I'm not measuring. Because I have been tracking food and Because I have been tracking food and Because I have been tracking food and doing this for so long, I have a really doing this for so long, I have a really doing this for so long, I have a really good idea about what the portions look good idea about what the portions look good idea about what the portions look like. Okay, I'm about to do a tablespoon like. Okay, I'm about to do a tablespoon like. Okay, I'm about to do a tablespoon of honey, which is actually more than of honey, which is actually more than of honey, which is actually more than you think. I'm going to do a bit of you think. I'm going to do a bit of you think. I'm going to do a bit of salt, you know, to really get them salt, you know, to really get them salt, you know, to really get them electrolytes in. Why? Because I want to electrolytes in. Why? Because I want to electrolytes in. Why? Because I want to be speedy and quick. High key though, be speedy and quick. High key though, be speedy and quick. High key though, like I don't know if it's me cuz I'm in like I don't know if it's me cuz I'm in like I don't know if it's me cuz I'm in America, but like every time I'm like in America, but like every time I'm like in America, but like every time I'm like in Europe, I'm like, "Oh, this meal needs Europe, I'm like, "Oh, this meal needs Europe, I'm like, "Oh, this meal needs some goddamn salt." And like I'm hoping some goddamn salt." And like I'm hoping some goddamn salt." And like I'm hoping that's not the American in me. Like I'm that's not the American in me. Like I'm that's not the American in me. Like I'm hoping that's not the insufferable part hoping that's not the insufferable part hoping that's not the insufferable part of America. Like where we just kind of of America. Like where we just kind of of America. Like where we just kind of can't like live without salt in our can't like live without salt in our can't like live without salt in our food. And what if it is? And then so I'm food. And what if it is? And then so I'm food. And what if it is? And then so I'm going to eat this little cereal mix and going to eat this little cereal mix and going to eat this little cereal mix and then I'm going to have two boiled eggs. then I'm going to have two boiled eggs. then I'm going to have two boiled eggs. Boiled eggs part is just because I know Boiled eggs part is just because I know Boiled eggs part is just because I know that after I work out in the gym, I'm that after I work out in the gym, I'm that after I work out in the gym, I'm not going to want to eat this. I have not going to want to eat this. I have not going to want to eat this. I have like a really bad boiled egg and I think like a really bad boiled egg and I think like a really bad boiled egg and I think I'm going to start cooking them on the I'm going to start cooking them on the I'm going to start cooking them on the pan soon cuz I'm getting about sick pan soon cuz I'm getting about sick pan soon cuz I'm getting about sick tired of them mother things. And so tired of them mother things. And so tired of them mother things. And so yeah, that's my breakfast. Well, it's yeah, that's my breakfast. Well, it's yeah, that's my breakfast. Well, it's not my breakfast. That's my pre-workout not my breakfast. That's my pre-workout not my breakfast. That's my pre-workout snack slash a portion of my breakfast is snack slash a portion of my breakfast is snack slash a portion of my breakfast is with it with the eggs. So, here's the with it with the eggs. So, here's the with it with the eggs. So, here's the thing, right? If you want to sustain thing, right? If you want to sustain thing, right? If you want to sustain muscle, you have to eat. There's no way muscle, you have to eat. There's no way muscle, you have to eat. There's no way around that. Okay? So, and and this is around that. Okay? So, and and this is around that. Okay? So, and and this is the thing, right? Like this is even like the thing, right? Like this is even like the thing, right? Like this is even like when it comes to like GLPs or peptides when it comes to like GLPs or peptides when it comes to like GLPs or peptides or anything like that. When someone gets or anything like that. When someone gets or anything like that. When someone gets on that drug and they haven't like on that drug and they haven't like on that drug and they haven't like previously been in the gym or they don't previously been in the gym or they don't previously been in the gym or they don't previously already have like muscle previously already have like muscle previously already have like muscle mass, they tend to look really flat and mass, they tend to look really flat and mass, they tend to look really flat and deflated. That's also not the goal. It's deflated. That's also not the goal. It's deflated. That's also not the goal. It's important to get the weight off, right? important to get the weight off, right? important to get the weight off, right? Because there is just a lot of there's a Because there is just a lot of there's a Because there is just a lot of there's a huge correlation with atapost tissue huge correlation with atapost tissue huge correlation with atapost tissue [music] in your health. Higher that is, [music] in your health. Higher that is, [music] in your health. Higher that is, the more at risk you are for a lot of the more at risk you are for a lot of the more at risk you are for a lot of things. But the other part of that is things. But the other part of that is things. But the other part of that is that it's also really important to make that it's also really important to make that it's also really important to make sure that you have muscle, right? sure that you have muscle, right? sure that you have muscle, right? Especially as a woman. We're not talking Especially as a woman. We're not talking Especially as a woman. We're not talking about men. Especially as a woman, okay? about men. Especially as a woman, okay? about men. Especially as a woman, okay? It's really important you have that. And It's really important you have that. And It's really important you have that. And in order to have that and sustain it and in order to have that and sustain it and in order to have that and sustain it and keep it, maintain it, you have to feed keep it, maintain it, you have to feed keep it, maintain it, you have to feed it. There's always going to be points in it. There's always going to be points in it. There's always going to be points in times, like even like on my page of times, like even like on my page of times, like even like on my page of people will sit there and be like, "Oh, people will sit there and be like, "Oh, people will sit there and be like, "Oh, like you're not eating. You're not like you're not eating. You're not like you're not eating. You're not eating." Baby, you don't have to worry eating." Baby, you don't have to worry eating." Baby, you don't have to worry about that cuz Big Papa loves a meal. about that cuz Big Papa loves a meal. about that cuz Big Papa loves a meal. Like I love food. I love everything Like I love food. I love everything Like I love food. I love everything about food. And like I just was thinking about food. And like I just was thinking about food. And like I just was thinking I'm like, damn. Like I can't imagine I'm like, damn. Like I can't imagine I'm like, damn. Like I can't imagine living in a world and not being able to living in a world and not being able to living in a world and not being able to look at my phone on TikTok at all the look at my phone on TikTok at all the look at my phone on TikTok at all the New York restaurants, writing down and New York restaurants, writing down and New York restaurants, writing down and saving what I'm going to eat when I'm saving what I'm going to eat when I'm saving what I'm going to eat when I'm out there. Like I I love food and I out there. Like I I love food and I out there. Like I I love food and I think it's important to enjoy it. But think it's important to enjoy it. But think it's important to enjoy it. But again, like you're going to have to again, like you're going to have to again, like you're going to have to enjoy it with balance. Okay. So, a enjoy it with balance. Okay. So, a enjoy it with balance. Okay. So, a majority of my life, 90% of my life majority of my life, 90% of my life majority of my life, 90% of my life looks very balanced and and very healthy looks very balanced and and very healthy looks very balanced and and very healthy and very on it. And then there's that and very on it. And then there's that and very on it. And then there's that percent like where maybe I'll go get a percent like where maybe I'll go get a percent like where maybe I'll go get a little ice cream, you know, I have a little ice cream, you know, I have a little ice cream, you know, I have a little ice cream date or like and I'll little ice cream date or like and I'll little ice cream date or like and I'll have a nice meal, you know, or like I'll have a nice meal, you know, or like I'll have a nice meal, you know, or like I'll go out and I'll have like a sweet treat go out and I'll have like a sweet treat go out and I'll have like a sweet treat because I want to, but I can do that because I want to, but I can do that because I want to, but I can do that because 90% of my life looks like this. because 90% of my life looks like this. because 90% of my life looks like this. You know, when you're busy, it's not You know, when you're busy, it's not You know, when you're busy, it's not hard to stay on track with your goals, hard to stay on track with your goals, hard to stay on track with your goals, right? Like when you have time to think right? Like when you have time to think right? Like when you have time to think about food is when it makes it a little about food is when it makes it a little about food is when it makes it a little bit harder. But when you have meals that bit harder. But when you have meals that bit harder. But when you have meals that you enjoy and that you like and they get you enjoy and that you like and they get you enjoy and that you like and they get the job done and they make you feel the job done and they make you feel the job done and they make you feel satisfied, not only do you save money satisfied, not only do you save money satisfied, not only do you save money from not going out as much, um, but you from not going out as much, um, but you from not going out as much, um, but you don't feel as guilty when you do choose don't feel as guilty when you do choose don't feel as guilty when you do choose to go out. You know, there's give and to go out. You know, there's give and to go out. You know, there's give and take with everything. Talked about this take with everything. Talked about this take with everything. Talked about this before, but in terms of supplements, before, but in terms of supplements, before, but in terms of supplements, again, I'm only taking creatine as like again, I'm only taking creatine as like again, I'm only taking creatine as like my main like sports supplement thing. A my main like sports supplement thing. A my main like sports supplement thing. A lot of you guys have asked me in the lot of you guys have asked me in the lot of you guys have asked me in the past, and by past I mean present. Oh, past, and by past I mean present. Oh, past, and by past I mean present. Oh, like you know what? If I'm on a weight like you know what? If I'm on a weight like you know what? If I'm on a weight loss journey, like should I take loss journey, like should I take loss journey, like should I take creatine? First off, you're on a fat creatine? First off, you're on a fat creatine? First off, you're on a fat loss journey. You don't want to lose loss journey. You don't want to lose loss journey. You don't want to lose weight, right? You want to lose fat. We weight, right? You want to lose fat. We weight, right? You want to lose fat. We want to keep our muscle. We want to keep want to keep our muscle. We want to keep want to keep our muscle. We want to keep our shape, right? You want to lose fat. our shape, right? You want to lose fat. our shape, right? You want to lose fat. Second off, yes, if you're on a weight Second off, yes, if you're on a weight Second off, yes, if you're on a weight loss journey, if you're on a fat loss loss journey, if you're on a fat loss loss journey, if you're on a fat loss journey, if you're on a muscle gain journey, if you're on a muscle gain journey, if you're on a muscle gain journey, if you're on a weight gain journey, if you're on a weight gain journey, if you're on a weight gain journey, you should absolutely take journey, you should absolutely take journey, you should absolutely take creatine. This is by no means a creatine. This is by no means a creatine. This is by no means a superpower drug. Like, this is not going superpower drug. Like, this is not going superpower drug. Like, this is not going to change your life by no means, but to change your life by no means, but to change your life by no means, but this is going to help progress the rate this is going to help progress the rate this is going to help progress the rate of your journey, okay? Not by a crazy of your journey, okay? Not by a crazy of your journey, okay? Not by a crazy amount. You know, you're not taking amount. You know, you're not taking amount. You know, you're not taking steroids, but it's an amazing steroids, but it's an amazing steroids, but it's an amazing supplement. I've talked about it before. supplement. I've talked about it before. supplement. I've talked about it before. I can link some of my old videos that I I can link some of my old videos that I I can link some of my old videos that I have mentioned and referenced in depth have mentioned and referenced in depth have mentioned and referenced in depth if you guys want in my description box if you guys want in my description box if you guys want in my description box down below. Now, other than that, I'm down below. Now, other than that, I'm down below. Now, other than that, I'm taking a fiber supplement just to make taking a fiber supplement just to make taking a fiber supplement just to make sure everything's moving along in there. sure everything's moving along in there. sure everything's moving along in there. And if I feel like I'm having a hard And if I feel like I'm having a hard And if I feel like I'm having a hard time with my gut, I'll take a digestive time with my gut, I'll take a digestive time with my gut, I'll take a digestive enzyme with my food. But yeah, like enzyme with my food. But yeah, like enzyme with my food. But yeah, like that's about it, you know? Cute, simple, that's about it, you know? Cute, simple, that's about it, you know? Cute, simple, calm, collected. Yeah, like it's just calm, collected. Yeah, like it's just calm, collected. Yeah, like it's just like cold mush. like cold mush. like cold mush. But I like it. I'm telling you, you guys But I like it. I'm telling you, you guys But I like it. I'm telling you, you guys got to stay away from the processed got to stay away from the processed got to stay away from the processed food. Like that's what's making this food. Like that's what's making this food. Like that's what's making this journey harder. All right, I'm going to journey harder. All right, I'm going to journey harder. All right, I'm going to finish this and let's go gym. Hallelujah. I've done a thing. [laughter] I've done a thing. [laughter] I've done a thing. [laughter] How do we feel about them? [snorts] How do we feel about them? [snorts] How do we feel about them? [snorts] [gasps] You know, I'm feeling like I [gasps] You know, I'm feeling like I [gasps] You know, I'm feeling like I need a bit of validation with it because need a bit of validation with it because need a bit of validation with it because Yeah. Like, is it cool? Like is it just Yeah. Like, is it cool? Like is it just Yeah. Like, is it cool? Like is it just being like, "Wow, like that girl's so being like, "Wow, like that girl's so being like, "Wow, like that girl's so cool. I never get red. Maybe I'll get cool. I never get red. Maybe I'll get cool. I never get red. Maybe I'll get red." Is it giving that? Like is it red." Is it giving that? Like is it red." Is it giving that? Like is it giving hm never thought to get that? giving hm never thought to get that? giving hm never thought to get that? Maybe I will. Or is it giving grandma Maybe I will. Or is it giving grandma Maybe I will. Or is it giving grandma fingers? You know, like which one is it fingers? You know, like which one is it fingers? You know, like which one is it doing? Is it sexy, grown, and fine? Or doing? Is it sexy, grown, and fine? Or doing? Is it sexy, grown, and fine? Or is it old, mature, and age? Not that is it old, mature, and age? Not that is it old, mature, and age? Not that there's anything wrong with being old, there's anything wrong with being old, there's anything wrong with being old, mature, or aged either. Okay. I love my mature, or aged either. Okay. I love my mature, or aged either. Okay. I love my grandma. Love both my grandmas. But I grandma. Love both my grandmas. But I grandma. Love both my grandmas. But I don't know. Like I'm trying I I'm going don't know. Like I'm trying I I'm going don't know. Like I'm trying I I'm going to keep looking in the viewfinder, so to keep looking in the viewfinder, so to keep looking in the viewfinder, so like please ignore me. But like I'm like please ignore me. But like I'm like please ignore me. But like I'm trying to like do I like it? I don't trying to like do I like it? I don't trying to like do I like it? I don't know. Yeah, I would have took you guys know. Yeah, I would have took you guys know. Yeah, I would have took you guys with me in there. Like the workout I had with me in there. Like the workout I had with me in there. Like the workout I had to like literally this is how I know I to like literally this is how I know I to like literally this is how I know I be bullshitting the gym because I did be bullshitting the gym because I did be bullshitting the gym because I did that workout. I couldn't get the steps that workout. I couldn't get the steps that workout. I couldn't get the steps in or and I'm not going to get the steps in or and I'm not going to get the steps in or and I'm not going to get the steps in today just because like my sleep was in today just because like my sleep was in today just because like my sleep was so bad. And so I'm just going to try and so bad. And so I'm just going to try and so bad. And so I'm just going to try and like get [music] some like rest in and like get [music] some like rest in and like get [music] some like rest in and like not push it too hard, but I did my like not push it too hard, but I did my like not push it too hard, but I did my full workout good intensity from start full workout good intensity from start full workout good intensity from start to finish. It took me 29 minutes and to finish. It took me 29 minutes and to finish. It took me 29 minutes and that's with 2 to 3 minute rest between that's with 2 to 3 minute rest between that's with 2 to 3 minute rest between each of the exercises. I was like, each of the exercises. I was like, each of the exercises. I was like, "Okay, like clearly I am bullshitting "Okay, like clearly I am bullshitting "Okay, like clearly I am bullshitting because usually that workout would take because usually that workout would take because usually that workout would take me double the time. 50 minutes or so, I me double the time. 50 minutes or so, I me double the time. 50 minutes or so, I would say, but that took me I' I've would say, but that took me I' I've would say, but that took me I' I've somehow cut out 20 minutes and I'm not somehow cut out 20 minutes and I'm not somehow cut out 20 minutes and I'm not sure at what point that was. Maybe I'm sure at what point that was. Maybe I'm sure at what point that was. Maybe I'm not talking or maybe I just look like I not talking or maybe I just look like I not talking or maybe I just look like I needed to hustle." I also see people in needed to hustle." I also see people in needed to hustle." I also see people in the comments like under not my videos, the comments like under not my videos, the comments like under not my videos, but people being like, "Guys, like don't but people being like, "Guys, like don't but people being like, "Guys, like don't listen to, you know, to the influencers listen to, you know, to the influencers listen to, you know, to the influencers like not all of us have 2 3 4 hours to like not all of us have 2 3 4 hours to like not all of us have 2 3 4 hours to spend in the gym." Baby girl, I'd be in spend in the gym." Baby girl, I'd be in spend in the gym." Baby girl, I'd be in and out of that mother. If I'm in the and out of that mother. If I'm in the and out of that mother. If I'm in the gym longer than an hour and a half, the gym longer than an hour and a half, the gym longer than an hour and a half, the way that that ruins my entire day, like way that that ruins my entire day, like way that that ruins my entire day, like I don't like being in the gym long. I I don't like being in the gym long. I I don't like being in the gym long. I like getting the work done. I like like getting the work done. I like like getting the work done. I like getting my steps in and calling it a getting my steps in and calling it a getting my steps in and calling it a goddamn day. I can't speak for other goddamn day. I can't speak for other goddamn day. I can't speak for other influencers, but I sure as hell can influencers, but I sure as hell can influencers, but I sure as hell can speak for myself that I am not in there speak for myself that I am not in there speak for myself that I am not in there longer than an hour and a half. Even my longer than an hour and a half. Even my longer than an hour and a half. Even my workouts, like I don't even have enough workouts, like I don't even have enough workouts, like I don't even have enough sets in my workouts to be in there an sets in my workouts to be in there an sets in my workouts to be in there an hour and a half. But also, can we talk hour and a half. But also, can we talk hour and a half. But also, can we talk about how like my glute look a little about how like my glute look a little about how like my glute look a little plump in that? We don't have talk. We're plump in that? We don't have talk. We're plump in that? We don't have talk. We're talking about it in like a fitness way, talking about it in like a fitness way, talking about it in like a fitness way, not in a sexual way. So, if you're going not in a sexual way. So, if you're going not in a sexual way. So, if you're going to say something gross in the comments, to say something gross in the comments, to say something gross in the comments, get out of here cuz I don't like that. get out of here cuz I don't like that. get out of here cuz I don't like that. My glutes, like especially like since My glutes, like especially like since My glutes, like especially like since being home, since the last video that I being home, since the last video that I being home, since the last video that I posted, they're finally starting to look posted, they're finally starting to look posted, they're finally starting to look up in life and I'm just proud of them. up in life and I'm just proud of them. up in life and I'm just proud of them. Also, today is the day that I announced Also, today is the day that I announced Also, today is the day that I announced that I'm an Honoractive athlete. If it that I'm an Honoractive athlete. If it that I'm an Honoractive athlete. If it wasn't already clear by all the hints wasn't already clear by all the hints wasn't already clear by all the hints that I dropped, yes, I'm their newest that I dropped, yes, I'm their newest that I dropped, yes, I'm their newest move ambassador. The video that I posted move ambassador. The video that I posted move ambassador. The video that I posted was incredibly amazing, fun, like just was incredibly amazing, fun, like just was incredibly amazing, fun, like just an add a drop of just like humor to it. an add a drop of just like humor to it. an add a drop of just like humor to it. And I think it's a representation of my And I think it's a representation of my And I think it's a representation of my page. And I'm I'm grateful to be a part page. And I'm I'm grateful to be a part page. And I'm I'm grateful to be a part of a team like this. This is the new of a team like this. This is the new of a team like this. This is the new drop what I was wearing, which I think I drop what I was wearing, which I think I drop what I was wearing, which I think I already talked about earlier. Code already talked about earlier. Code already talked about earlier. Code stink. Okay. Code stink. Sorry, I didn't stink. Okay. Code stink. Sorry, I didn't stink. Okay. Code stink. Sorry, I didn't mean to yell at you. But yeah, hopefully mean to yell at you. But yeah, hopefully mean to yell at you. But yeah, hopefully this stuff is still in stock by Sunday. this stuff is still in stock by Sunday. this stuff is still in stock by Sunday. But if it's not, like I just got the But if it's not, like I just got the But if it's not, like I just got the package yesterday, so it kind of is what package yesterday, so it kind of is what package yesterday, so it kind of is what it is, which is why you should be it is, which is why you should be it is, which is why you should be following my show from platforms because following my show from platforms because following my show from platforms because I do talk about the things more often. I do talk about the things more often. I do talk about the things more often. Not that I'm fishing [music] for a Not that I'm fishing [music] for a Not that I'm fishing [music] for a follow, but also like, you know, like do follow, but also like, you know, like do follow, but also like, you know, like do you want more of me or not? This could you want more of me or not? This could you want more of me or not? This could just be enough. This is a lot. So I get just be enough. This is a lot. So I get just be enough. This is a lot. So I get that. No hard feelings. My favorite line that. No hard feelings. My favorite line that. No hard feelings. My favorite line from Honoractive is soft motion. I used from Honoractive is soft motion. I used from Honoractive is soft motion. I used to be someone that loved the effortless to be someone that loved the effortless to be someone that loved the effortless seamless. I am not an effortless seamless. I am not an effortless seamless. I am not an effortless seamless girl anymore. I'm a soft seamless girl anymore. I'm a soft seamless girl anymore. I'm a soft motion. I am a comfort over and honestly motion. I am a comfort over and honestly motion. I am a comfort over and honestly is effortless or the enhanced lift like is effortless or the enhanced lift like is effortless or the enhanced lift like are those more practical for the gym? are those more practical for the gym? are those more practical for the gym? Like yeah, like maybe. And it makes your Like yeah, like maybe. And it makes your Like yeah, like maybe. And it makes your butt look incredible and amazing, but butt look incredible and amazing, but butt look incredible and amazing, but like baby girl, I'm in my comfort era. like baby girl, I'm in my comfort era. like baby girl, I'm in my comfort era. Okay. I had someone be like, "Oh yeah, Okay. I had someone be like, "Oh yeah, Okay. I had someone be like, "Oh yeah, like you know, we know that you lift like you know, we know that you lift like you know, we know that you lift like crazy and blah blah and do all like crazy and blah blah and do all like crazy and blah blah and do all this." No, I I don't lift like I I lift this." No, I I don't lift like I I lift this." No, I I don't lift like I I lift like a normal human being in the gym, like a normal human being in the gym, like a normal human being in the gym, you know? So, when someone said that to you know? So, when someone said that to you know? So, when someone said that to me, I was like, "Hey, like that's not me, I was like, "Hey, like that's not me, I was like, "Hey, like that's not the type of I'm a cutesy, fun, healthy the type of I'm a cutesy, fun, healthy the type of I'm a cutesy, fun, healthy living lifestyle girl. I'm not like a, living lifestyle girl. I'm not like a, living lifestyle girl. I'm not like a, you know, I'm not like that in the gym. you know, I'm not like that in the gym. you know, I'm not like that in the gym. Like, that's not what I do. I'm just Like, that's not what I do. I'm just Like, that's not what I do. I'm just trying to enjoy life." Yeah. So, I love trying to enjoy life." Yeah. So, I love trying to enjoy life." Yeah. So, I love soft motion. I get the flares more than soft motion. I get the flares more than soft motion. I get the flares more than I get the straight legs. I know I get the straight legs. I know I get the straight legs. I know everybody loves straight legs, but like everybody loves straight legs, but like everybody loves straight legs, but like I have both straight legs and the I have both straight legs and the I have both straight legs and the flares. And I'm telling you right now, flares. And I'm telling you right now, flares. And I'm telling you right now, like the flares just fit me delectable. like the flares just fit me delectable. like the flares just fit me delectable. Like it's just sexy, cute, young. Like Like it's just sexy, cute, young. Like Like it's just sexy, cute, young. Like it gives young hoe. [music] You know, it gives young hoe. [music] You know, it gives young hoe. [music] You know, flares give like if you got a big butt, flares give like if you got a big butt, flares give like if you got a big butt, it gives young hoe. But if you don't it gives young hoe. But if you don't it gives young hoe. But if you don't have like the biggest butt in the world, have like the biggest butt in the world, have like the biggest butt in the world, it just gives Okay. Like I like it. This it just gives Okay. Like I like it. This it just gives Okay. Like I like it. This is nice. But the flares give this is is nice. But the flares give this is is nice. But the flares give this is hot. And like I just want to be hot hot. And like I just want to be hot hot. And like I just want to be hot forever. Yeah. And what I'm going to do forever. Yeah. And what I'm going to do forever. Yeah. And what I'm going to do in the future, especially when I'm in the future, especially when I'm in the future, especially when I'm talking about interactive cuz obviously talking about interactive cuz obviously talking about interactive cuz obviously like the drops are going to come. If I like the drops are going to come. If I like the drops are going to come. If I don't get the clothes before they drop, don't get the clothes before they drop, don't get the clothes before they drop, I know stuff sells out. I'm only going I know stuff sells out. I'm only going I know stuff sells out. I'm only going to try and push to you guys clothes that to try and push to you guys clothes that to try and push to you guys clothes that are in stock. So if it's not in stock, are in stock. So if it's not in stock, are in stock. So if it's not in stock, like I'm not about to sit here and tell like I'm not about to sit here and tell like I'm not about to sit here and tell you like, "Oh, like you can get like you like, "Oh, like you can get like you like, "Oh, like you can get like this is what I'm wearing. Get this." And this is what I'm wearing. Get this." And this is what I'm wearing. Get this." And like by the time you guys get to it, like by the time you guys get to it, like by the time you guys get to it, it's out of stock. Cuz that's not what it's out of stock. Cuz that's not what it's out of stock. Cuz that's not what we're doing. A lot of the Soft Motion, we're doing. A lot of the Soft Motion, we're doing. A lot of the Soft Motion, which is what I'm wearing, is in stock which is what I'm wearing, is in stock which is what I'm wearing, is in stock and they do do frequent restocks because and they do do frequent restocks because and they do do frequent restocks because the way that like I be looking at that the way that like I be looking at that the way that like I be looking at that website just like y'all. Come on now. Do website just like y'all. Come on now. Do website just like y'all. Come on now. Do you guys like the nails? I'm sorry. I you guys like the nails? I'm sorry. I you guys like the nails? I'm sorry. I just feel like I should bring it back to just feel like I should bring it back to just feel like I should bring it back to that. Are we kind of with what's that. Are we kind of with what's that. Are we kind of with what's happening here? I get mixed reviews all happening here? I get mixed reviews all happening here? I get mixed reviews all the time. Everyone's going to have their the time. Everyone's going to have their the time. Everyone's going to have their own opinion. Someone put a comment and own opinion. Someone put a comment and own opinion. Someone put a comment and one time and they were just like, "Yeah, one time and they were just like, "Yeah, one time and they were just like, "Yeah, girl. Like love like the Bob makes you girl. Like love like the Bob makes you girl. Like love like the Bob makes you look older." I'm like, "Yeah, like look older." I'm like, "Yeah, like look older." I'm like, "Yeah, like that's not necessarily a bad thing. Do that's not necessarily a bad thing. Do that's not necessarily a bad thing. Do the nails make me look older though? If the nails make me look older though? If the nails make me look older though? If they do make me look older, is that a they do make me look older, is that a they do make me look older, is that a hit against me or is it just like this hit against me or is it just like this hit against me or is it just like this is mature, right? Can we debate this in is mature, right? Can we debate this in is mature, right? Can we debate this in the comments? Real opinions only. So, the comments? Real opinions only. So, the comments? Real opinions only. So, yeah, we're going to go inside. I'm not yeah, we're going to go inside. I'm not yeah, we're going to go inside. I'm not going to film too much more for you guys going to film too much more for you guys going to film too much more for you guys like in terms of like I I I've been like in terms of like I I I've been like in terms of like I I I've been doing a lot of chats. Like, I've been doing a lot of chats. Like, I've been doing a lot of chats. Like, I've been doing a lot of yapping and like that's doing a lot of yapping and like that's doing a lot of yapping and like that's how I ended up getting to that hour how I ended up getting to that hour how I ended up getting to that hour video last week. I like I'm telling you, video last week. I like I'm telling you, video last week. I like I'm telling you, I did not realize that was going to be I did not realize that was going to be I did not realize that was going to be [music] an hour, but I think I'm just [music] an hour, but I think I'm just [music] an hour, but I think I'm just getting more comfortable with talking to getting more comfortable with talking to getting more comfortable with talking to you guys on the camera. I'm using my you guys on the camera. I'm using my you guys on the camera. I'm using my imagination. There are a couple of home imagination. There are a couple of home imagination. There are a couple of home projects that I want to do. My paper projects that I want to do. My paper projects that I want to do. My paper lamp is boring. my paper limb. She's lamp is boring. my paper limb. She's lamp is boring. my paper limb. She's boring. She's white. I want to make her boring. She's white. I want to make her boring. She's white. I want to make her tan, you know? So, I saw this little DIY tan, you know? So, I saw this little DIY tan, you know? So, I saw this little DIY trick. I bought some stuff like that. trick. I bought some stuff like that. trick. I bought some stuff like that. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get to it today, but if I can't, we'll get to it today, but if I can't, we'll get to it today, but if I can't, we'll do it tomorrow. And yeah, like I really do it tomorrow. And yeah, like I really do it tomorrow. And yeah, like I really just want to work on like slowly but just want to work on like slowly but just want to work on like slowly but surely making my house more of me and surely making my house more of me and surely making my house more of me and less of just blank canvases wall. I less of just blank canvases wall. I less of just blank canvases wall. I think I've done a really really good job think I've done a really really good job think I've done a really really good job with like my living room and my dining with like my living room and my dining with like my living room and my dining room area. But I still want to like room area. But I still want to like room area. But I still want to like maybe do some paper, some I'm saying maybe do some paper, some I'm saying maybe do some paper, some I'm saying some paper, [music] some some contact some paper, [music] some some contact some paper, [music] some some contact paper or like some fake tiles like paper or like some fake tiles like paper or like some fake tiles like renter friendly style cuz I don't want renter friendly style cuz I don't want renter friendly style cuz I don't want to have a hard time peeling it off. So to have a hard time peeling it off. So to have a hard time peeling it off. So that means I got to get like cardboard that means I got to get like cardboard that means I got to get like cardboard on top of it. Whatever. We'll figure it on top of it. Whatever. We'll figure it on top of it. Whatever. We'll figure it out. That's really what I want to do for out. That's really what I want to do for out. That's really what I want to do for [music] the next couple of months. I [music] the next couple of months. I [music] the next couple of months. I always get into this headsp space where always get into this headsp space where always get into this headsp space where like I'll start a project and then like like I'll start a project and then like like I'll start a project and then like I'll stop doing the project. I don't I'll stop doing the project. I don't I'll stop doing the project. I don't want that to keep being my reality. So want that to keep being my reality. So want that to keep being my reality. So yeah, [music] that's what the rest of yeah, [music] that's what the rest of yeah, [music] that's what the rest of this video is going to be. Less yap. this video is going to be. Less yap. this video is going to be. Less yap. Unless you guys like the app. Do you Unless you guys like the app. Do you Unless you guys like the app. Do you like the app or is it too much? Guys, like the app or is it too much? Guys, like the app or is it too much? Guys, checking in. I don't like my nails. I checking in. I don't like my nails. I checking in. I don't like my nails. I don't like my nails, you know? Like you don't like my nails, you know? Like you don't like my nails, you know? Like you guys, some of you guys gave me guys, some of you guys gave me guys, some of you guys gave me validation cuz I post this on my TikTok, validation cuz I post this on my TikTok, validation cuz I post this on my TikTok, but unfortunately like I just like can't but unfortunately like I just like can't but unfortunately like I just like can't convince myself to like this. They're convince myself to like this. They're convince myself to like this. They're not bad. There's nothing wrong with not bad. There's nothing wrong with not bad. There's nothing wrong with them, but I don't know. Like I kind of them, but I don't know. Like I kind of them, but I don't know. Like I kind of got little granny fingers. So, I already got little granny fingers. So, I already got little granny fingers. So, I already like rebooked a nail appointment for like rebooked a nail appointment for like rebooked a nail appointment for Wednesday. They got me. Okay. Like, but Wednesday. They got me. Okay. Like, but Wednesday. They got me. Okay. Like, but like listen, you have to try something like listen, you have to try something like listen, you have to try something new to know you don't like it, you know? new to know you don't like it, you know? new to know you don't like it, you know? And I'm willing to try anything once And I'm willing to try anything once And I'm willing to try anything once except for like heroin or like meth. I except for like heroin or like meth. I except for like heroin or like meth. I feel like I can live life without feel like I can live life without feel like I can live life without knowing what those feel like. But the knowing what those feel like. But the knowing what those feel like. But the other things, yeah, like I'd be I'd be other things, yeah, like I'd be I'd be other things, yeah, like I'd be I'd be down [music] once.