day on the ideal vacation of an Uzbek girl in America.  I woke up at 8:05 in the morning, got dressed, and day on the ideal vacation of an Uzbek girl in America.  I woke up at 8:05 in the morning, got dressed, and went straight to the gym.  I went straight to the gym.  I went straight to the gym.  I left the gym at 10:05 and drank a tropical smoothie.   It was left the gym at 10:05 and drank a tropical smoothie.   It was left the gym at 10:05 and drank a tropical smoothie.   It was so delicious.  Then so delicious.  Then so delicious.  Then I came to my senses because I was hungry as usual I came to my senses because I was hungry as usual I came to my senses because I was hungry as usual .  And for Nas, show me my favorite kubnika .  And for Nas, show me my favorite kubnika .  And for Nas, show me my favorite kubnika .  I lovingly .  I lovingly .  I lovingly cut our kubnikas and spread our kara chezez on our toasted bread and cut our kubnikas and spread our kara chezez on our toasted bread and cut our kubnikas and spread our kara chezez on our toasted bread and ate them with relish ate them with relish ate them with relish .  Then I sat down to teach, saying Bismillah .  Then I sat down to teach, saying Bismillah .  Then I sat down to teach, saying Bismillah .  Whatever class you ask for in the summer .  Whatever class you ask for in the summer .  Whatever class you ask for in the summer , I have tutoring classes in chemistry and biology , I have tutoring classes in chemistry and biology , I have tutoring classes in chemistry and biology .  About four .  About four .  About four hours later, I got ready again, went hours later, I got ready again, went hours later, I got ready again, went outside, and outside, and outside, and went to Target. went to Target. went to Target. I returned home feeling happy.  When I get older, my mother and I returned home feeling happy.  When I get older, my mother and I returned home feeling happy.  When I get older, my mother and sister.  They were sister.  They were sister.  They were preparing it for dinner.  I also preparing it for dinner.  I also preparing it for dinner.  I also changed my clothes and changed my clothes and changed my clothes and made a salad.  After dinner, made a salad.  After dinner, made a salad.  After dinner, we watched a movie, and then I did my homework, we watched a movie, and then I did my homework, we watched a movie, and then I did my homework, read a little, and went to sleep.  If you read a little, and went to sleep.  If you read a little, and went to sleep.  If you watched the video to the end, please watched the video to the end, please watched the video to the end, please answer this question.  Sweetie answer this question.  Sweetie answer this question.  Sweetie pie.  Com.