All right, let's cut the scientific
jargon and shoot you straight. Here's my
take on the Garmin Fenix 5 Plus.
All right, guys and gals, if you've
watched us, you know that we're big fans
of Garmin products, and I got to tell
you, I have put them to the test,
especially when it comes to the Fenix 5
Plus. This is the watch. I have taken
this watch all over the world, and it
has performed brilliantly in different
scenarios everywhere. That's what I love
about this thing is all the features
that it has. So, here's two new features
that I use on the daily basis. First and
foremost, Garmin Pay. You can actually
hook up your credit card to it, use it
as a wallet. I forget mine all the time
in the truck, so it's really nice to
have. It's a feature that if it's
accepted in the store, all you do is put
your watch over top of it, and you got
your pay right there. Second to that is
music. You can actually use this,
download your playlist, put your music
on here, so you no longer have to carry
your phone with you if you're working
out. It's great, so it makes it easy.
Those are two things. You can lose the
wallet, you can lose the iPhone, just
download your music, and just take your
watch. That's key. Another key feature
for me is I love to golf. I select the
course, and once I get done with the
hole, I can select the score, but what's
really cool is I can go back to the app,
and I can look at exactly where I hit
and all of my yardages. It tracks
everything. So, those are the features
that I use in my everyday life. You talk
about the wallet, the music, golf, those
are all things that are phenomenal. But,
for those of you that follow us, you
know that we go to the back country a
lot, which also the Garmin has tons of
features for, like elevation, barometer,
and it all connects to an easy-to-use
app right here, and it just simplifies
it. It puts everything into perspective
for you right here. At the click of a
button, I can tell exactly how many
steps I've gone, how many calories I've
burned, what the elevation is.
Everything is connected to this watch,
and it works off grid. So, if you're
going into the back country, the watch
is completely customizable. You can
actually download different widgets that
fit your needs. So, for me, I've got
altitude in there, I've got barometer in
there. I've got all kinds of these
different widgets that actually pair for
me. So, I have my inReach that I can
pair to this, which my inReach mini. I
have sunrise and sunset, which is
important for me because if I'm going
out hunting in the morning, all I got to
do is click on my Garmin, find out
exactly what time that sun's coming up.
You're going to roost those turkeys in
the morning. There is my compass. That's
imperative if you're going into the back
country. So, all these widgets are
customizable and you can go through and
look at it, especially things like this,
barometer. The barometer's dropping.
When I'm whitetail hunting, I rely on
this thing and it is accurate. The
weather comes directly to here. I use
the Garmin Zero Bow Sight on my bow,
which is a whole other story, an
incredible piece of equipment in its
own, but it actually pairs to my Fenix.
And what happens here is when I shoot my
bow, I can actually look on my watch at
the location of where I ranged and go
ahead and walk to that location by using
this watch. That's incredible. That's
technology that is far more advanced
than anything that's out there and
Garmin has done that with the Fenix 5X.
So, let's talk about comfort. I like
this band. This is the rubber band and I
have it in orange because let's be
honest, every single time I take it off,
usually I end up putting it somewhere
where I have to go find it, drop it in
the leaves. So, I got smart, I got the
orange one and it's super comfortable.
For those of you guys that like those
fancy metal bands or leather bands, they
have them all. It's interchangeable. All
you got to do is pop it out, put it on.
You want to wear it for dress, you want
to wear it for fitness, it doesn't
matter. They have all the solutions and
at the end of the day, it's durable and
it works and it always performs. Hey
guys, thanks for watching the video. If
you like what you saw today or you want
to learn more information, check the
description below for a link. Obviously,
go over to keeferbrothers.com cuz we're
going to have all kinds of written word.
We're going to have discounts over there
for you, and we've got lots of videos.
So, check that out at
keeferbrothers.com.
And certainly, if you like this video,
subscribe to the channel because guess
what? We're going to bring you more
content just like this.
