All right, let's cut the scientific All right, let's cut the scientific All right, let's cut the scientific jargon and shoot you straight. Here's my jargon and shoot you straight. Here's my jargon and shoot you straight. Here's my take on the Garmin Fenix 5 Plus. All right, guys and gals, if you've All right, guys and gals, if you've All right, guys and gals, if you've watched us, you know that we're big fans watched us, you know that we're big fans watched us, you know that we're big fans of Garmin products, and I got to tell of Garmin products, and I got to tell of Garmin products, and I got to tell you, I have put them to the test, you, I have put them to the test, you, I have put them to the test, especially when it comes to the Fenix 5 especially when it comes to the Fenix 5 especially when it comes to the Fenix 5 Plus. This is the watch. I have taken Plus. This is the watch. I have taken Plus. This is the watch. I have taken this watch all over the world, and it this watch all over the world, and it this watch all over the world, and it has performed brilliantly in different has performed brilliantly in different has performed brilliantly in different scenarios everywhere. That's what I love scenarios everywhere. That's what I love scenarios everywhere. That's what I love about this thing is all the features about this thing is all the features about this thing is all the features that it has. So, here's two new features that it has. So, here's two new features that it has. So, here's two new features that I use on the daily basis. First and that I use on the daily basis. First and that I use on the daily basis. First and foremost, Garmin Pay. You can actually foremost, Garmin Pay. You can actually foremost, Garmin Pay. You can actually hook up your credit card to it, use it hook up your credit card to it, use it hook up your credit card to it, use it as a wallet. I forget mine all the time as a wallet. I forget mine all the time as a wallet. I forget mine all the time in the truck, so it's really nice to in the truck, so it's really nice to in the truck, so it's really nice to have. It's a feature that if it's have. It's a feature that if it's have. It's a feature that if it's accepted in the store, all you do is put accepted in the store, all you do is put accepted in the store, all you do is put your watch over top of it, and you got your watch over top of it, and you got your watch over top of it, and you got your pay right there. Second to that is your pay right there. Second to that is your pay right there. Second to that is music. You can actually use this, music. You can actually use this, music. You can actually use this, download your playlist, put your music download your playlist, put your music download your playlist, put your music on here, so you no longer have to carry on here, so you no longer have to carry on here, so you no longer have to carry your phone with you if you're working your phone with you if you're working your phone with you if you're working out. It's great, so it makes it easy. out. It's great, so it makes it easy. out. It's great, so it makes it easy. Those are two things. You can lose the Those are two things. You can lose the Those are two things. You can lose the wallet, you can lose the iPhone, just wallet, you can lose the iPhone, just wallet, you can lose the iPhone, just download your music, and just take your download your music, and just take your download your music, and just take your watch. That's key. Another key feature watch. That's key. Another key feature watch. That's key. Another key feature for me is I love to golf. I select the for me is I love to golf. I select the for me is I love to golf. I select the course, and once I get done with the course, and once I get done with the course, and once I get done with the hole, I can select the score, but what's hole, I can select the score, but what's hole, I can select the score, but what's really cool is I can go back to the app, really cool is I can go back to the app, really cool is I can go back to the app, and I can look at exactly where I hit and I can look at exactly where I hit and I can look at exactly where I hit and all of my yardages. It tracks and all of my yardages. It tracks and all of my yardages. It tracks everything. So, those are the features everything. So, those are the features everything. So, those are the features that I use in my everyday life. You talk that I use in my everyday life. You talk that I use in my everyday life. You talk about the wallet, the music, golf, those about the wallet, the music, golf, those about the wallet, the music, golf, those are all things that are phenomenal. But, are all things that are phenomenal. But, are all things that are phenomenal. But, for those of you that follow us, you for those of you that follow us, you for those of you that follow us, you know that we go to the back country a know that we go to the back country a know that we go to the back country a lot, which also the Garmin has tons of lot, which also the Garmin has tons of lot, which also the Garmin has tons of features for, like elevation, barometer, features for, like elevation, barometer, features for, like elevation, barometer, and it all connects to an easy-to-use and it all connects to an easy-to-use and it all connects to an easy-to-use app right here, and it just simplifies app right here, and it just simplifies app right here, and it just simplifies it. It puts everything into perspective it. It puts everything into perspective it. It puts everything into perspective for you right here. At the click of a for you right here. At the click of a for you right here. At the click of a button, I can tell exactly how many button, I can tell exactly how many button, I can tell exactly how many steps I've gone, how many calories I've steps I've gone, how many calories I've steps I've gone, how many calories I've burned, what the elevation is. burned, what the elevation is. burned, what the elevation is. Everything is connected to this watch, Everything is connected to this watch, Everything is connected to this watch, and it works off grid. So, if you're and it works off grid. So, if you're and it works off grid. So, if you're going into the back country, the watch going into the back country, the watch going into the back country, the watch is completely customizable. You can is completely customizable. You can is completely customizable. You can actually download different widgets that actually download different widgets that actually download different widgets that fit your needs. So, for me, I've got fit your needs. So, for me, I've got fit your needs. So, for me, I've got altitude in there, I've got barometer in altitude in there, I've got barometer in altitude in there, I've got barometer in there. I've got all kinds of these there. I've got all kinds of these there. I've got all kinds of these different widgets that actually pair for different widgets that actually pair for different widgets that actually pair for me. So, I have my inReach that I can me. So, I have my inReach that I can me. So, I have my inReach that I can pair to this, which my inReach mini. I pair to this, which my inReach mini. I pair to this, which my inReach mini. I have sunrise and sunset, which is have sunrise and sunset, which is have sunrise and sunset, which is important for me because if I'm going important for me because if I'm going important for me because if I'm going out hunting in the morning, all I got to out hunting in the morning, all I got to out hunting in the morning, all I got to do is click on my Garmin, find out do is click on my Garmin, find out do is click on my Garmin, find out exactly what time that sun's coming up. exactly what time that sun's coming up. exactly what time that sun's coming up. You're going to roost those turkeys in You're going to roost those turkeys in You're going to roost those turkeys in the morning. There is my compass. That's the morning. There is my compass. That's the morning. There is my compass. That's imperative if you're going into the back imperative if you're going into the back imperative if you're going into the back country. So, all these widgets are country. So, all these widgets are country. So, all these widgets are customizable and you can go through and customizable and you can go through and customizable and you can go through and look at it, especially things like this, look at it, especially things like this, look at it, especially things like this, barometer. The barometer's dropping. barometer. The barometer's dropping. barometer. The barometer's dropping. When I'm whitetail hunting, I rely on When I'm whitetail hunting, I rely on When I'm whitetail hunting, I rely on this thing and it is accurate. The this thing and it is accurate. The this thing and it is accurate. The weather comes directly to here. I use weather comes directly to here. I use weather comes directly to here. I use the Garmin Zero Bow Sight on my bow, the Garmin Zero Bow Sight on my bow, the Garmin Zero Bow Sight on my bow, which is a whole other story, an which is a whole other story, an which is a whole other story, an incredible piece of equipment in its incredible piece of equipment in its incredible piece of equipment in its own, but it actually pairs to my Fenix. own, but it actually pairs to my Fenix. own, but it actually pairs to my Fenix. And what happens here is when I shoot my And what happens here is when I shoot my And what happens here is when I shoot my bow, I can actually look on my watch at bow, I can actually look on my watch at bow, I can actually look on my watch at the location of where I ranged and go the location of where I ranged and go the location of where I ranged and go ahead and walk to that location by using ahead and walk to that location by using ahead and walk to that location by using this watch. That's incredible. That's this watch. That's incredible. That's this watch. That's incredible. That's technology that is far more advanced technology that is far more advanced technology that is far more advanced than anything that's out there and than anything that's out there and than anything that's out there and Garmin has done that with the Fenix 5X. Garmin has done that with the Fenix 5X. Garmin has done that with the Fenix 5X. So, let's talk about comfort. I like So, let's talk about comfort. I like So, let's talk about comfort. I like this band. This is the rubber band and I this band. This is the rubber band and I this band. This is the rubber band and I have it in orange because let's be have it in orange because let's be have it in orange because let's be honest, every single time I take it off, honest, every single time I take it off, honest, every single time I take it off, usually I end up putting it somewhere usually I end up putting it somewhere usually I end up putting it somewhere where I have to go find it, drop it in where I have to go find it, drop it in where I have to go find it, drop it in the leaves. So, I got smart, I got the the leaves. So, I got smart, I got the the leaves. So, I got smart, I got the orange one and it's super comfortable. orange one and it's super comfortable. orange one and it's super comfortable. For those of you guys that like those For those of you guys that like those For those of you guys that like those fancy metal bands or leather bands, they fancy metal bands or leather bands, they fancy metal bands or leather bands, they have them all. It's interchangeable. All have them all. It's interchangeable. All have them all. It's interchangeable. All you got to do is pop it out, put it on. you got to do is pop it out, put it on. you got to do is pop it out, put it on. You want to wear it for dress, you want You want to wear it for dress, you want You want to wear it for dress, you want to wear it for fitness, it doesn't to wear it for fitness, it doesn't to wear it for fitness, it doesn't matter. They have all the solutions and matter. They have all the solutions and matter. They have all the solutions and at the end of the day, it's durable and at the end of the day, it's durable and at the end of the day, it's durable and it works and it always performs. Hey it works and it always performs. Hey it works and it always performs. Hey guys, thanks for watching the video. If guys, thanks for watching the video. If guys, thanks for watching the video. If you like what you saw today or you want you like what you saw today or you want you like what you saw today or you want to learn more information, check the to learn more information, check the to learn more information, check the description below for a link. Obviously, description below for a link. Obviously, description below for a link. Obviously, go over to keeferbrothers.com cuz we're go over to keeferbrothers.com cuz we're go over to keeferbrothers.com cuz we're going to have all kinds of written word. going to have all kinds of written word. going to have all kinds of written word. We're going to have discounts over there We're going to have discounts over there We're going to have discounts over there for you, and we've got lots of videos. for you, and we've got lots of videos. for you, and we've got lots of videos. So, check that out at So, check that out at So, check that out at keeferbrothers.com. keeferbrothers.com. keeferbrothers.com. And certainly, if you like this video, And certainly, if you like this video, And certainly, if you like this video, subscribe to the channel because guess subscribe to the channel because guess subscribe to the channel because guess what? We're going to bring you more what? We're going to bring you more what? We're going to bring you more content just like this.