Is that my car? >> I don't know nothing about none of that. >> I don't know nothing about none of that. >> I don't know nothing about none of that. >> Hello everybody and welcome to another >> Hello everybody and welcome to another >> Hello everybody and welcome to another weekly vlog. We are back in Dubai. It is weekly vlog. We are back in Dubai. It is weekly vlog. We are back in Dubai. It is bright and early. I'm talking it's like bright and early. I'm talking it's like bright and early. I'm talking it's like okay it's not that early. It's 8:00 in okay it's not that early. It's 8:00 in okay it's not that early. It's 8:00 in the morning. If you know, you know. When the morning. If you know, you know. When the morning. If you know, you know. When I'm in Dubai, I'm never getting up at I'm in Dubai, I'm never getting up at I'm in Dubai, I'm never getting up at like 5 6:00 in the morning. I don't know like 5 6:00 in the morning. I don't know like 5 6:00 in the morning. I don't know why. I don't think I ever have. Yeah, why. I don't think I ever have. Yeah, why. I don't think I ever have. Yeah, literally no. Even though today I did literally no. Even though today I did literally no. Even though today I did get up pretty early. I got up at like get up pretty early. I got up at like get up pretty early. I got up at like 6:30. But anyh who, we are starting our 6:30. But anyh who, we are starting our 6:30. But anyh who, we are starting our day off. We're about to [snorts] go for day off. We're about to [snorts] go for day off. We're about to [snorts] go for our morning walk. Now, here's the thing. our morning walk. Now, here's the thing. our morning walk. Now, here's the thing. It's 8:00 a.m. and [clears throat] it's It's 8:00 a.m. and [clears throat] it's It's 8:00 a.m. and [clears throat] it's 102° outside. Please, please, please, 102° outside. Please, please, please, 102° outside. Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please. please, please, please, please, please. please, please, please, please, please. So, that means we are not walking So, that means we are not walking So, that means we are not walking outside. It's impossible. I mean, maybe outside. It's impossible. I mean, maybe outside. It's impossible. I mean, maybe it's not for you, but it's impossible it's not for you, but it's impossible it's not for you, but it's impossible for me. So, with that being said, we're for me. So, with that being said, we're for me. So, with that being said, we're going to be walking in the mall. Dubai going to be walking in the mall. Dubai going to be walking in the mall. Dubai does this thing during the summer called does this thing during the summer called does this thing during the summer called Mathon where they deck out like a track Mathon where they deck out like a track Mathon where they deck out like a track in the first floor of a few of the malls in the first floor of a few of the malls in the first floor of a few of the malls so that people can go walk and run in so that people can go walk and run in so that people can go walk and run in the mall because it's so hot outside the mall because it's so hot outside the mall because it's so hot outside that you just can't. So that's where that you just can't. So that's where that you just can't. So that's where we're going. We're going to go walk to we're going. We're going to go walk to we're going. We're going to go walk to the mall. It's open from I think 6:00 to the mall. It's open from I think 6:00 to the mall. It's open from I think 6:00 to 10:00 a.m. So if we start now, I should 10:00 a.m. So if we start now, I should 10:00 a.m. So if we start now, I should be able to get my 10k steps by 10:00 be able to get my 10k steps by 10:00 be able to get my 10k steps by 10:00 a.m. And then obviously like if the mall a.m. And then obviously like if the mall a.m. And then obviously like if the mall opens, I can still walk around the mall. opens, I can still walk around the mall. opens, I can still walk around the mall. We're [clears throat] going to be going We're [clears throat] going to be going We're [clears throat] going to be going to this mall called the Mall of the to this mall called the Mall of the to this mall called the Mall of the Emirates. It's not as big as the Dubai Emirates. It's not as big as the Dubai Emirates. It's not as big as the Dubai Mall, but it's still very large and you Mall, but it's still very large and you Mall, but it's still very large and you can basically like walk around it a can basically like walk around it a can basically like walk around it a bunch of times without like looping the bunch of times without like looping the bunch of times without like looping the same stores over and over and over and same stores over and over and over and same stores over and over and over and over and over and over again. So, that's over and over and over again. So, that's over and over and over again. So, that's what we're going to be doing. Fun. I got what we're going to be doing. Fun. I got what we're going to be doing. Fun. I got my hat on because my hair looks crazy. I my hat on because my hair looks crazy. I my hat on because my hair looks crazy. I have to redo it today and [snorts] I have to redo it today and [snorts] I have to redo it today and [snorts] I would have redid it before we go out, would have redid it before we go out, would have redid it before we go out, but I have to film a sponsorship that's but I have to film a sponsorship that's but I have to film a sponsorship that's about my hair. We'll talk about my hair. We'll talk about my hair. We'll talk [clears throat] about that later. Just [clears throat] about that later. Just [clears throat] about that later. Just want to show you quickly what I'm want to show you quickly what I'm want to show you quickly what I'm wearing. This two-piece set. I wear this wearing. This two-piece set. I wear this wearing. This two-piece set. I wear this all the time. these navy like gao pants. all the time. these navy like gao pants. all the time. these navy like gao pants. I don't know what we're calling them I don't know what we're calling them I don't know what we're calling them now. And then this just top. So, this is now. And then this just top. So, this is now. And then this just top. So, this is what I'm wearing. It covers me fully. what I'm wearing. It covers me fully. what I'm wearing. It covers me fully. And then you guys, I have been loving And then you guys, I have been loving And then you guys, I have been loving that Salt and Stone Lily and Uzu spray that Salt and Stone Lily and Uzu spray that Salt and Stone Lily and Uzu spray that I got in PR in my last video. If that I got in PR in my last video. If that I got in PR in my last video. If you seen me unbox this, this [snorts] you seen me unbox this, this [snorts] you seen me unbox this, this [snorts] has been like my shower and like gem has been like my shower and like gem has been like my shower and like gem scent. So, I wear it like for example scent. So, I wear it like for example scent. So, I wear it like for example when I'm about to go on a walk or when when I'm about to go on a walk or when when I'm about to go on a walk or when I'm going to bed. Like, it's just so I'm going to bed. Like, it's just so I'm going to bed. Like, it's just so fresh and clean. It just smells clean. fresh and clean. It just smells clean. fresh and clean. It just smells clean. This isn't like a perfume. I think it's This isn't like a perfume. I think it's This isn't like a perfume. I think it's just like a body mist. Let me see. Yeah, just like a body mist. Let me see. Yeah, just like a body mist. Let me see. Yeah, it's a body mist, so it doesn't last it's a body mist, so it doesn't last it's a body mist, so it doesn't last that long, but it smells so good. I love that long, but it smells so good. I love that long, but it smells so good. I love it. That's what we're wearing. Let's get it. That's what we're wearing. Let's get it. That's what we're wearing. Let's get headed to the mall. The thing is is this headed to the mall. The thing is is this headed to the mall. The thing is is this is going to be my first time going is going to be my first time going is going to be my first time going during the mathon hours. So, I'm like, during the mathon hours. So, I'm like, during the mathon hours. So, I'm like, are the cafes open? Can I get a matcha? are the cafes open? Can I get a matcha? are the cafes open? Can I get a matcha? What's tea? >> [music] >> All right, guys. So, we are back from >> All right, guys. So, we are back from >> All right, guys. So, we are back from the mall. I know I said that there was a the mall. I know I said that there was a the mall. I know I said that there was a track. There's no track, but they do track. There's no track, but they do track. There's no track, but they do have like a designated path for you to have like a designated path for you to have like a designated path for you to walk. So, it was cool. I filmed it a walk. So, it was cool. I filmed it a walk. So, it was cool. I filmed it a little bit, and the cafes are open, and little bit, and the cafes are open, and little bit, and the cafes are open, and that matcha that I got was delish. So, that matcha that I got was delish. So, that matcha that I got was delish. So, now it is time for breakfast. So, I now it is time for breakfast. So, I now it is time for breakfast. So, I found this recipe from Karina Wolf. found this recipe from Karina Wolf. found this recipe from Karina Wolf. Y'all know I love her stuff. I will link Y'all know I love her stuff. I will link Y'all know I love her stuff. I will link it down below and I'll put a quick it down below and I'll put a quick it down below and I'll put a quick little poop right here for this like little poop right here for this like little poop right here for this like apricot toast. Now, here's the thing. I apricot toast. Now, here's the thing. I apricot toast. Now, here's the thing. I ain't never ate no apricot. I've never ain't never ate no apricot. I've never ain't never ate no apricot. I've never had a fresh apricot. I've only ever had had a fresh apricot. I've only ever had had a fresh apricot. I've only ever had them dried. So, I'm like, "Okay, so them dried. So, I'm like, "Okay, so them dried. So, I'm like, "Okay, so let's try it." I did get it with let's try it." I did get it with let's try it." I did get it with apricots. Like, I'm going to make it apricots. Like, I'm going to make it apricots. Like, I'm going to make it exactly as it's shown. It seems really exactly as it's shown. It seems really exactly as it's shown. It seems really simple. So, we're going to try it. So, simple. So, we're going to try it. So, simple. So, we're going to try it. So, let's cook. [music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. >> [music] >> Okay, breakfast is all done. As you guys >> Okay, breakfast is all done. As you guys >> Okay, breakfast is all done. As you guys can see, we made the toast. I also have can see, we made the toast. I also have can see, we made the toast. I also have four pieces of very burnt turkey bacon four pieces of very burnt turkey bacon four pieces of very burnt turkey bacon cuz that's how I like it. And some eggs. cuz that's how I like it. And some eggs. cuz that's how I like it. And some eggs. And then I'm also going to have like a And then I'm also going to have like a And then I'm also going to have like a banana or something. But let's try the banana or something. But let's try the banana or something. But let's try the toast. I don't know why I'm so scared to toast. I don't know why I'm so scared to toast. I don't know why I'm so scared to taste it. I'm like, I don't even think taste it. I'm like, I don't even think taste it. I'm like, I don't even think I've ever had marcophone cheese. I've ever had marcophone cheese. I've ever had marcophone cheese. Anyways, this is what [clears throat] Anyways, this is what [clears throat] Anyways, this is what [clears throat] the bite looks like. [snorts] It's really nice. It's not as sweet as I It's really nice. It's not as sweet as I It's really nice. It's not as sweet as I thought it was going to be. I thought it thought it was going to be. I thought it thought it was going to be. I thought it was going to be much sweeter. Although, was going to be much sweeter. Although, was going to be much sweeter. Although, she did say you could use peaches if you she did say you could use peaches if you she did say you could use peaches if you wanted it sweeter. Kind of nice. I'm going to finish my breakfast and I'm going to finish my breakfast and I'm going to finish my breakfast and then I will pick you guys up for some then I will pick you guys up for some then I will pick you guys up for some BTS of work stuff. All righty, you guys. BTS of work stuff. All righty, you guys. BTS of work stuff. All righty, you guys. So, I'm about to film for a campaign So, I'm about to film for a campaign So, I'm about to film for a campaign that I have with Kenra, which is so that I have with Kenra, which is so that I have with Kenra, which is so exciting because if you guys have been exciting because if you guys have been exciting because if you guys have been following me for a while, then you know following me for a while, then you know following me for a while, then you know I love Kendra. my hair stylist, I love Kendra. my hair stylist, I love Kendra. my hair stylist, Lelayology, Kalia. She's who put me on Lelayology, Kalia. She's who put me on Lelayology, Kalia. She's who put me on to Kenra and I love their products. to Kenra and I love their products. to Kenra and I love their products. They're so good. Also, I know I look a They're so good. Also, I know I look a They're so good. Also, I know I look a little different from before because I little different from before because I little different from before because I had to wet my hair because you guys had to wet my hair because you guys had to wet my hair because you guys remember in the last vlog how my I got remember in the last vlog how my I got remember in the last vlog how my I got rained on. I look like a wet rained on. I look like a wet rained on. I look like a wet [clears throat] poodle because I get off [clears throat] poodle because I get off [clears throat] poodle because I get off of the train to torrential of the train to torrential of the train to torrential rain that was not forecasted. I fixed rain that was not forecasted. I fixed rain that was not forecasted. I fixed it. Right. So, my concept for my it. Right. So, my concept for my it. Right. So, my concept for my sponsorship, I was like, "Oh my god, sponsorship, I was like, "Oh my god, sponsorship, I was like, "Oh my god, this is like perfect." Because I posted this is like perfect." Because I posted this is like perfect." Because I posted it on Instagram about how like my hair it on Instagram about how like my hair it on Instagram about how like my hair got rained on. And so, when we did the got rained on. And so, when we did the got rained on. And so, when we did the sponsorship, I was like, "Wait, I have sponsorship, I was like, "Wait, I have sponsorship, I was like, "Wait, I have the perfect way to like tie these the perfect way to like tie these the perfect way to like tie these products in because I use them anyways." products in because I use them anyways." products in because I use them anyways." And yeah, so basically, I'm going off And yeah, so basically, I'm going off And yeah, so basically, I'm going off the story of when my hair got rained on the story of when my hair got rained on the story of when my hair got rained on and how I fixed it. So, that is my and how I fixed it. So, that is my and how I fixed it. So, that is my concept for today. And I'm literally concept for today. And I'm literally concept for today. And I'm literally just going to film me doing my hair just going to film me doing my hair just going to film me doing my hair using the products. So, what else is using the products. So, what else is using the products. So, what else is really cool about this? I don't know if really cool about this? I don't know if really cool about this? I don't know if I've told you guys this is going to be a I've told you guys this is going to be a I've told you guys this is going to be a really this is just some behind really this is just some behind really this is just some behind thescenes stuff of influencer stuff. If thescenes stuff of influencer stuff. If thescenes stuff of influencer stuff. If you don't care, skip forward. But if you don't care, skip forward. But if you don't care, skip forward. But if you're interested in this industry and you're interested in this industry and you're interested in this industry and kind of like some outsourcing tidbits, kind of like some outsourcing tidbits, kind of like some outsourcing tidbits, you might be interested in this. Or if you might be interested in this. Or if you might be interested in this. Or if you're a content creator yourself or you're a content creator yourself or you're a content creator yourself or influencer yourself and you didn't know influencer yourself and you didn't know influencer yourself and you didn't know that this existed, you'll really like that this existed, you'll really like that this existed, you'll really like this as well. So, I hired on an agency this as well. So, I hired on an agency this as well. So, I hired on an agency that actually helps me with my sponsored that actually helps me with my sponsored that actually helps me with my sponsored content specifically. They also [snorts] content specifically. They also [snorts] content specifically. They also [snorts] help me with my affiliate content as help me with my affiliate content as help me with my affiliate content as well. However, the campaign work, well. However, the campaign work, well. However, the campaign work, sponsorships, they are like a godsend sponsorships, they are like a godsend sponsorships, they are like a godsend because I am just naturally not good at because I am just naturally not good at because I am just naturally not good at sponsored content. At least in my sponsored content. At least in my sponsored content. At least in my opinion, I [snorts] find it just I don't opinion, I [snorts] find it just I don't opinion, I [snorts] find it just I don't know, maybe I just overthink it. But as know, maybe I just overthink it. But as know, maybe I just overthink it. But as a girly who started my career just a girly who started my career just a girly who started my career just picking up my camera and go and like picking up my camera and go and like picking up my camera and go and like talking and just naturally integrating talking and just naturally integrating talking and just naturally integrating my sponsorships, if you guys remember, I my sponsorships, if you guys remember, I my sponsorships, if you guys remember, I kind of talked about this a little bit kind of talked about this a little bit kind of talked about this a little bit about how the industry has changed so about how the industry has changed so about how the industry has changed so much to where things are like much to where things are like much to where things are like commercials now. before like if you've commercials now. before like if you've commercials now. before like if you've watched my YouTube like four or five watched my YouTube like four or five watched my YouTube like four or five years ago, it was very different. Brands years ago, it was very different. Brands years ago, it was very different. Brands wanted seamless integration. They wanted wanted seamless integration. They wanted wanted seamless integration. They wanted they didn't want it to come across like they didn't want it to come across like they didn't want it to come across like an ad or like a sponsorship. Whereas now an ad or like a sponsorship. Whereas now an ad or like a sponsorship. Whereas now that is what they want. It is a that is what they want. It is a that is what they want. It is a commercial and you have to make the commercial and you have to make the commercial and you have to make the commercial, right? That's not my forte. commercial, right? That's not my forte. commercial, right? That's not my forte. I ain't never wanted to make no I ain't never wanted to make no I ain't never wanted to make no commercials. I ain't never that's that's commercials. I ain't never that's that's commercials. I ain't never that's that's just not what I'm good at, right? So I just not what I'm good at, right? So I just not what I'm good at, right? So I have learned in areas where I am not have learned in areas where I am not have learned in areas where I am not good, you get help. So I have outsourced good, you get help. So I have outsourced good, you get help. So I have outsourced to an agency that really keeps me on top to an agency that really keeps me on top to an agency that really keeps me on top of my campaign work and my sponsorships. of my campaign work and my sponsorships. of my campaign work and my sponsorships. So they it's kind of like a full-fledged So they it's kind of like a full-fledged So they it's kind of like a full-fledged service. Like if I need them for this service. Like if I need them for this service. Like if I need them for this particular campaign, I came up with my particular campaign, I came up with my particular campaign, I came up with my concept because I was like, "Oh my god, concept because I was like, "Oh my god, concept because I was like, "Oh my god, this would be perfect." However, they this would be perfect." However, they this would be perfect." However, they will do concepts, meaning they will give will do concepts, meaning they will give will do concepts, meaning they will give you an idea for the sponsorship. So, if you an idea for the sponsorship. So, if you an idea for the sponsorship. So, if you're kind of like having a brain fart you're kind of like having a brain fart you're kind of like having a brain fart and you're like, I don't know how to and you're like, I don't know how to and you're like, I don't know how to like do this, they will concept for you, like do this, they will concept for you, like do this, they will concept for you, meaning they'll create the concept. meaning they'll create the concept. meaning they'll create the concept. They'll send you a shot list. They'll They'll send you a shot list. They'll They'll send you a shot list. They'll help you come up with verbiage. They help you come up with verbiage. They help you come up with verbiage. They will literally basically do everything will literally basically do everything will literally basically do everything but film the work. And so, it has helped but film the work. And so, it has helped but film the work. And so, it has helped me personally with my time management me personally with my time management me personally with my time management and just my productivity times a and just my productivity times a and just my productivity times a million. And just specifically with ads, million. And just specifically with ads, million. And just specifically with ads, like that's what I use them for. Yeah, like that's what I use them for. Yeah, like that's what I use them for. Yeah, it's just been so helpful. So, with that it's just been so helpful. So, with that it's just been so helpful. So, with that being said, I need to get this filmed being said, I need to get this filmed being said, I need to get this filmed cuz I need to send it to them cuz they cuz I need to send it to them cuz they cuz I need to send it to them cuz they will edit it for me so I don't have to will edit it for me so I don't have to will edit it for me so I don't have to edit it either. And she does such a good edit it either. And she does such a good edit it either. And she does such a good job. That's what we're doing. So, I have job. That's what we're doing. So, I have job. That's what we're doing. So, I have been filming my sponsorships on my been filming my sponsorships on my been filming my sponsorships on my camera. So, you guys won't get to see me camera. So, you guys won't get to see me camera. So, you guys won't get to see me film this sponsorship because I'm going film this sponsorship because I'm going film this sponsorship because I'm going to be filming it on the camera that I am to be filming it on the camera that I am to be filming it on the camera that I am on right now. But, just know that on right now. But, just know that on right now. But, just know that basically what I do is I kind of create basically what I do is I kind of create basically what I do is I kind of create either me or the agency will create a either me or the agency will create a either me or the agency will create a shot list, whether that's B-roll or shot list, whether that's B-roll or shot list, whether that's B-roll or talking directly to the camera. But, I talking directly to the camera. But, I talking directly to the camera. But, I know exactly what I'm filming. So, to know exactly what I'm filming. So, to know exactly what I'm filming. So, to start, before I even begin doing my start, before I even begin doing my start, before I even begin doing my hair, I'm going to film B-roll of the hair, I'm going to film B-roll of the hair, I'm going to film B-roll of the products. So, that's going to be like products. So, that's going to be like products. So, that's going to be like flatlays and then like maybe some like flatlays and then like maybe some like flatlays and then like maybe some like spritzing of the product, etc., etc. So, spritzing of the product, etc., etc. So, spritzing of the product, etc., etc. So, then I'm like, "Cool, all the product then I'm like, "Cool, all the product then I'm like, "Cool, all the product shots are done. Now, let me film me shots are done. Now, let me film me shots are done. Now, let me film me actually using it to do the content." actually using it to do the content." actually using it to do the content." Does that make sense? So, yeah. So, give Does that make sense? So, yeah. So, give Does that make sense? So, yeah. So, give me like an hour or something and I will me like an hour or something and I will me like an hour or something and I will be back and our hair will look very be back and our hair will look very be back and our hair will look very different. Oop. Sorry to interrupt the vlog, guys. Oop. Sorry to interrupt the vlog, guys. Oop. Sorry to interrupt the vlog, guys. A quick little message from our sponsor A quick little message from our sponsor A quick little message from our sponsor of the day. Shout out to Lancome for of the day. Shout out to Lancome for of the day. Shout out to Lancome for partnering with us on today's video. I partnering with us on today's video. I partnering with us on today's video. I just have to come and talk to you guys just have to come and talk to you guys just have to come and talk to you guys about how I've been getting my makeup to about how I've been getting my makeup to about how I've been getting my makeup to look so good. So, let's get into it. We look so good. So, let's get into it. We look so good. So, let's get into it. We all know and love the Lancome Taunt Doll all know and love the Lancome Taunt Doll all know and love the Lancome Taunt Doll Ultra Wear Foundation. I know I do, and Ultra Wear Foundation. I know I do, and Ultra Wear Foundation. I know I do, and I know you probably do, too. But they've I know you probably do, too. But they've I know you probably do, too. But they've also recently come out with a new also recently come out with a new also recently come out with a new foundation and it is the new shape stick foundation and it is the new shape stick foundation and it is the new shape stick foundation. So it's a stick formula foundation. So it's a stick formula foundation. So it's a stick formula which has amazing benefits. So we're which has amazing benefits. So we're which has amazing benefits. So we're just going to kind of talk about these just going to kind of talk about these just going to kind of talk about these really quick and of course put them on. really quick and of course put them on. really quick and of course put them on. But first of course we have to skin But first of course we have to skin But first of course we have to skin prep. I'm going to be using the Lancome prep. I'm going to be using the Lancome prep. I'm going to be using the Lancome Geneifi serum. This is just going to Geneifi serum. This is just going to Geneifi serum. This is just going to give us a great hydrated plump base to give us a great hydrated plump base to give us a great hydrated plump base to work with. It feels so good on the skin. work with. It feels so good on the skin. work with. It feels so good on the skin. If you've never tried it, you have to If you've never tried it, you have to If you've never tried it, you have to pick it up. What I'm going to do is half pick it up. What I'm going to do is half pick it up. What I'm going to do is half of my face in the Lancome Tanty Dole of my face in the Lancome Tanty Dole of my face in the Lancome Tanty Dole Ultraware foundation and then the other Ultraware foundation and then the other Ultraware foundation and then the other half in the new Lancome Shake Stick half in the new Lancome Shake Stick half in the new Lancome Shake Stick foundation. That way you can kind of foundation. That way you can kind of foundation. That way you can kind of compare the two. See which one you think compare the two. See which one you think compare the two. See which one you think is better, you know. Starting with Tanty is better, you know. Starting with Tanty is better, you know. Starting with Tanty Dole Ultra Wear. I have mine in the Dole Ultra Wear. I have mine in the Dole Ultra Wear. I have mine in the shade 405 right now cuz y'all know your shade 405 right now cuz y'all know your shade 405 right now cuz y'all know your girl is pretty tan right now. One pump girl is pretty tan right now. One pump girl is pretty tan right now. One pump is all I need. And apply directly to the is all I need. And apply directly to the is all I need. And apply directly to the face. Now, I like to use this foundation face. Now, I like to use this foundation face. Now, I like to use this foundation when I know I need my makeup on all day when I know I need my makeup on all day when I know I need my makeup on all day long. When you need your makeup to last long. When you need your makeup to last long. When you need your makeup to last all day, this is what you pull for. It's all day, this is what you pull for. It's all day, this is what you pull for. It's not called ultra wear for nothing. What not called ultra wear for nothing. What not called ultra wear for nothing. What I love about it, too, is as longwearing I love about it, too, is as longwearing I love about it, too, is as longwearing as it is, and with the coverage that you as it is, and with the coverage that you as it is, and with the coverage that you get from it, it is still lightweight, get from it, it is still lightweight, get from it, it is still lightweight, breathable, and looks like skin. When I breathable, and looks like skin. When I breathable, and looks like skin. When I know I'm not going to have any time for know I'm not going to have any time for know I'm not going to have any time for a makeup touchup, I have a lot of a makeup touchup, I have a lot of a makeup touchup, I have a lot of filming to do, I'm running around the filming to do, I'm running around the filming to do, I'm running around the city, this is the foundation I'm city, this is the foundation I'm city, this is the foundation I'm grabbing for. And remember, this is grabbing for. And remember, this is grabbing for. And remember, this is transferproof and sweatproof, so it's transferproof and sweatproof, so it's transferproof and sweatproof, so it's perfect for the summer. Now, let's try perfect for the summer. Now, let's try perfect for the summer. Now, let's try the new shape stick foundation. Now, the new shape stick foundation. Now, the new shape stick foundation. Now, what's great about a stick foundation is what's great about a stick foundation is what's great about a stick foundation is you can apply directly to the face, but you can apply directly to the face, but you can apply directly to the face, but for me personally, I like to put these for me personally, I like to put these for me personally, I like to put these on the back of my hand first and then go on the back of my hand first and then go on the back of my hand first and then go in with my brush. However, if you're on in with my brush. However, if you're on in with my brush. However, if you're on the go or you just don't want to get the go or you just don't want to get the go or you just don't want to get your hands messy, you can go straight in your hands messy, you can go straight in your hands messy, you can go straight in on the face. So, again, taking that on the face. So, again, taking that on the face. So, again, taking that number two brush, picking the product number two brush, picking the product number two brush, picking the product up, and then applying straight to my up, and then applying straight to my up, and then applying straight to my face. This is perfect for the girls who face. This is perfect for the girls who face. This is perfect for the girls who love something a bit more on the natural love something a bit more on the natural love something a bit more on the natural side. It's going to instantly blur and side. It's going to instantly blur and side. It's going to instantly blur and give you that soft look without being give you that soft look without being give you that soft look without being too much. It's also extremely creamy and too much. It's also extremely creamy and too much. It's also extremely creamy and weightless, so it feels amazing on the weightless, so it feels amazing on the weightless, so it feels amazing on the skin. Like, it won't even look like skin. Like, it won't even look like skin. Like, it won't even look like you're wearing makeup for row for real. you're wearing makeup for row for real. you're wearing makeup for row for real. Just perfect skin. Another thing that's Just perfect skin. Another thing that's Just perfect skin. Another thing that's really great about the shade sticks is really great about the shade sticks is really great about the shade sticks is they're super multi-use. So, you don't they're super multi-use. So, you don't they're super multi-use. So, you don't just have to use it for foundation. You just have to use it for foundation. You just have to use it for foundation. You can get one that's in a shade of your can get one that's in a shade of your can get one that's in a shade of your concealer, one that's in the shade for concealer, one that's in the shade for concealer, one that's in the shade for your bronzer, and you can use it for an your bronzer, and you can use it for an your bronzer, and you can use it for an entire face. Now we have each one on entire face. Now we have each one on entire face. Now we have each one on each side of our face. I'm going to put each side of our face. I'm going to put each side of our face. I'm going to put a little blush and stuff on so that you a little blush and stuff on so that you a little blush and stuff on so that you guys can see the full look. All right, guys can see the full look. All right, guys can see the full look. All right, you guys. Now the makeup is completed on you guys. Now the makeup is completed on you guys. Now the makeup is completed on both sides. Now, what's great is that both sides. Now, what's great is that both sides. Now, what's great is that both of these are non-creasing. They're both of these are non-creasing. They're both of these are non-creasing. They're not cakey, so you get those benefits no not cakey, so you get those benefits no not cakey, so you get those benefits no matter which one you choose. But as for matter which one you choose. But as for matter which one you choose. But as for me, I can't pick a side. I have a place me, I can't pick a side. I have a place me, I can't pick a side. I have a place in my heart for both. No matter which in my heart for both. No matter which in my heart for both. No matter which one you choose, you can't go wrong. one you choose, you can't go wrong. one you choose, you can't go wrong. Lanchome just gets complexion. Oh, and Lanchome just gets complexion. Oh, and Lanchome just gets complexion. Oh, and the shade range very tea. So, make sure the shade range very tea. So, make sure the shade range very tea. So, make sure you guys check out Lancome's Taunt Doll you guys check out Lancome's Taunt Doll you guys check out Lancome's Taunt Doll Ultraware foundation and the new shade Ultraware foundation and the new shade Ultraware foundation and the new shade stick foundation. Find your perfect stick foundation. Find your perfect stick foundation. Find your perfect match and let me know which one is match and let me know which one is match and let me know which one is working best for you. And of course, working best for you. And of course, working best for you. And of course, major thank you to Lancome for major thank you to Lancome for major thank you to Lancome for partnering with us on this video. Hey y'all. So, the last I talked to Hey y'all. So, the last I talked to Hey y'all. So, the last I talked to y'all was yesterday when I was doing my y'all was yesterday when I was doing my y'all was yesterday when I was doing my filming and then I didn't pick y'all filming and then I didn't pick y'all filming and then I didn't pick y'all back up. My bad. But if I'm being honest back up. My bad. But if I'm being honest back up. My bad. But if I'm being honest with you guys, you missed literally with you guys, you missed literally with you guys, you missed literally nothing. I filmed my sponsorship. Got my nothing. I filmed my sponsorship. Got my nothing. I filmed my sponsorship. Got my sponsorship sent over. Just did work. I sponsorship sent over. Just did work. I sponsorship sent over. Just did work. I know what I did. I think I went to know what I did. I think I went to know what I did. I think I went to sleep. I probably went to sleep, girl. I sleep. I probably went to sleep, girl. I sleep. I probably went to sleep, girl. I probably went to sleep. But it's the probably went to sleep. But it's the probably went to sleep. But it's the next day and we're cute and we're next day and we're cute and we're next day and we're cute and we're heading out. Okay. I've actually been heading out. Okay. I've actually been heading out. Okay. I've actually been working all morning. Not really working all morning. Not really working all morning. Not really sponsored stuff, just more organic sponsored stuff, just more organic sponsored stuff, just more organic stuff, but trying to just, you know, stuff, but trying to just, you know, stuff, but trying to just, you know, keep doing the things. I wet my hair cuz keep doing the things. I wet my hair cuz keep doing the things. I wet my hair cuz I just was so over like the blowout I just was so over like the blowout I just was so over like the blowout curls. So, I washed it. And this is the curls. So, I washed it. And this is the curls. So, I washed it. And this is the hair's like natural texture. How pretty hair's like natural texture. How pretty hair's like natural texture. How pretty though, right? [laughter] This is the DH though, right? [laughter] This is the DH though, right? [laughter] This is the DH hair boutique Malaysian wavy. I got four hair boutique Malaysian wavy. I got four hair boutique Malaysian wavy. I got four bundles of 22 in, but it's been cut. So, bundles of 22 in, but it's been cut. So, bundles of 22 in, but it's been cut. So, this I don't know if this is 22 in this I don't know if this is 22 in this I don't know if this is 22 in anymore. She's a little frizzy because anymore. She's a little frizzy because anymore. She's a little frizzy because it's it wasn't dry all the way. It's it's it wasn't dry all the way. It's it's it wasn't dry all the way. It's still not dry all the way. Like, it's still not dry all the way. Like, it's still not dry all the way. Like, it's still not completely dry, but I had still not completely dry, but I had still not completely dry, but I had stuff to do and I said I can't just be stuff to do and I said I can't just be stuff to do and I said I can't just be sitting around and look and I wasn't sitting around and look and I wasn't sitting around and look and I wasn't going to diffuse it. So, I just W curled going to diffuse it. So, I just W curled going to diffuse it. So, I just W curled my leave out a little bit to try to my leave out a little bit to try to my leave out a little bit to try to blend it. It's It's doing something blend it. It's It's doing something blend it. It's It's doing something something. It's doing a little something something. It's doing a little something something. It's doing a little something something. Anyways, so what we're about something. Anyways, so what we're about something. Anyways, so what we're about to go do is I want to go to this store to go do is I want to go to this store to go do is I want to go to this store called the Chemist Warehouse. That's called the Chemist Warehouse. That's called the Chemist Warehouse. That's what it's called. I want to go to this what it's called. I want to go to this what it's called. I want to go to this place called the Chemist Warehouse place called the Chemist Warehouse place called the Chemist Warehouse because they are supposed to have like because they are supposed to have like because they are supposed to have like it's this huge warehouse. It's basically it's this huge warehouse. It's basically it's this huge warehouse. It's basically like a big ass beauty supply. Like it's like a big ass beauty supply. Like it's like a big ass beauty supply. Like it's a big beauty supply. It's a little bit a big beauty supply. It's a little bit a big beauty supply. It's a little bit difficult coming across certain products difficult coming across certain products difficult coming across certain products in Dubai. You can get stuff sent here, in Dubai. You can get stuff sent here, in Dubai. You can get stuff sent here, but like it's not the easiest. So, I but like it's not the easiest. So, I but like it's not the easiest. So, I don't know if this is like a beauty don't know if this is like a beauty don't know if this is like a beauty supply where like the stuff be supply where like the stuff be supply where like the stuff be counterfeit. counterfeit. counterfeit. Y'all y'all know if you even in the US, Y'all y'all know if you even in the US, Y'all y'all know if you even in the US, the beauty supply stores be counterfeit the beauty supply stores be counterfeit the beauty supply stores be counterfeit products. But we going to go and we just products. But we going to go and we just products. But we going to go and we just going to hop around. I seen a young lady going to hop around. I seen a young lady going to hop around. I seen a young lady post about it on Tik Tok. I will insert post about it on Tik Tok. I will insert post about it on Tik Tok. I will insert her page right here. And she was here in her page right here. And she was here in her page right here. And she was here in Dubai and she was like, "This is where I Dubai and she was like, "This is where I Dubai and she was like, "This is where I get like, you know, her lotions and all get like, you know, her lotions and all get like, you know, her lotions and all the things like anything that like you the things like anything that like you the things like anything that like you would go to like Target for in the US would go to like Target for in the US would go to like Target for in the US they be having." So, I'm like, let me go they be having." So, I'm like, let me go they be having." So, I'm like, let me go peek around. Like, I haven't done like a peek around. Like, I haven't done like a peek around. Like, I haven't done like a hygiene shop. Like, that's what I want hygiene shop. Like, that's what I want hygiene shop. Like, that's what I want to do. I want to go hygiene shopping. to do. I want to go hygiene shopping. to do. I want to go hygiene shopping. So, that's what we're about to go do. So, that's what we're about to go do. So, that's what we're about to go do. We're going to go to this place called We're going to go to this place called We're going to go to this place called Chemist Warehouse and go hygiene Chemist Warehouse and go hygiene Chemist Warehouse and go hygiene shopping. See what's popping. Of course, shopping. See what's popping. Of course, shopping. See what's popping. Of course, we're going to get a matcha on the way. we're going to get a matcha on the way. we're going to get a matcha on the way. Duh. I didn't walk this morning because Duh. I didn't walk this morning because Duh. I didn't walk this morning because I got up late. I slept in this morning. I got up late. I slept in this morning. I got up late. I slept in this morning. So, we are going to go to the mall a bit So, we are going to go to the mall a bit So, we are going to go to the mall a bit later and kind of get some steps in. So, later and kind of get some steps in. So, later and kind of get some steps in. So, we might do some shopping. I kind of we might do some shopping. I kind of we might do some shopping. I kind of want to go to Zara, but I just don't want to go to Zara, but I just don't want to go to Zara, but I just don't know if I'm going to do all of that know if I'm going to do all of that know if I'm going to do all of that today. It might be a little much. Okay. today. It might be a little much. Okay. today. It might be a little much. Okay. But we'll see how I'm feeling because it But we'll see how I'm feeling because it But we'll see how I'm feeling because it is 108° outside. Yeah. Fahrenheit. You is 108° outside. Yeah. Fahrenheit. You is 108° outside. Yeah. Fahrenheit. You heard 108. heard 108. heard 108. I've never been to Dubai during the I've never been to Dubai during the I've never been to Dubai during the summer. Ever. Ever. Ever. This is my summer. Ever. Ever. Ever. This is my summer. Ever. Ever. Ever. This is my first time ever coming during the summer first time ever coming during the summer first time ever coming during the summer time. And let me tell y'all, [sighs] it time. And let me tell y'all, [sighs] it time. And let me tell y'all, [sighs] it ain't for the week. It ain't for the ain't for the week. It ain't for the ain't for the week. It ain't for the week. I'm not going to lie. I be indoors week. I'm not going to lie. I be indoors week. I'm not going to lie. I be indoors most of the time. I literally haven't most of the time. I literally haven't most of the time. I literally haven't really been outside like that. But anyh really been outside like that. But anyh really been outside like that. But anyh who, I'm about to back y'all up so you who, I'm about to back y'all up so you who, I'm about to back y'all up so you can see what I'm wearing for the day. can see what I'm wearing for the day. can see what I'm wearing for the day. So, like I said, it's 108° outside, So, like I said, it's 108° outside, So, like I said, it's 108° outside, y'all. So, it's hot. So flowy, okay, is y'all. So, it's hot. So flowy, okay, is y'all. So, it's hot. So flowy, okay, is my best friend. So, I mean, and my best friend. So, I mean, and my best friend. So, I mean, and obviously, obviously, obviously, hello. So, [laughter] hello. So, [laughter] hello. So, [laughter] um, my pants are from my whole outfit's um, my pants are from my whole outfit's um, my pants are from my whole outfit's from H&M. Honestly, I love this like from H&M. Honestly, I love this like from H&M. Honestly, I love this like butter yellow brown combo. It's probably butter yellow brown combo. It's probably butter yellow brown combo. It's probably my favorite thing going on, like color my favorite thing going on, like color my favorite thing going on, like color combination wise with olive green. Like, combination wise with olive green. Like, combination wise with olive green. Like, it's just my vibe. So, anyways, I just it's just my vibe. So, anyways, I just it's just my vibe. So, anyways, I just have on these baggie pants. They're have on these baggie pants. They're have on these baggie pants. They're just, y'all know I love a good little just, y'all know I love a good little just, y'all know I love a good little trouser pant type of vibe. Um, except trouser pant type of vibe. Um, except trouser pant type of vibe. Um, except it's an elastic waistband, of course. it's an elastic waistband, of course. it's an elastic waistband, of course. And then my t-shirt is uh just like this And then my t-shirt is uh just like this And then my t-shirt is uh just like this really it's like asymmetric but then it really it's like asymmetric but then it really it's like asymmetric but then it also has this really nice neckline. also has this really nice neckline. also has this really nice neckline. So I don't know. I just thought it was So I don't know. I just thought it was So I don't know. I just thought it was really cute. And then I have it with my really cute. And then I have it with my really cute. And then I have it with my little Freya bag. And then I've got on a little Freya bag. And then I've got on a little Freya bag. And then I've got on a bunch of jewelry. I'm wearing my brown. bunch of jewelry. I'm wearing my brown. bunch of jewelry. I'm wearing my brown. This is from Amazon. It looks like a This is from Amazon. It looks like a This is from Amazon. It looks like a Cardier bracelet or Cardier watch, but Cardier bracelet or Cardier watch, but Cardier bracelet or Cardier watch, but it's not. It's from Amazon. Okay. And it's not. It's from Amazon. Okay. And it's not. It's from Amazon. Okay. And then I have on my normal regular regular then I have on my normal regular regular then I have on my normal regular regular stack. And then for my earrings, these stack. And then for my earrings, these stack. And then for my earrings, these are from Revolve. That's what I'm are from Revolve. That's what I'm are from Revolve. That's what I'm looking like. Oh, I look so much cuter. looking like. Oh, I look so much cuter. looking like. Oh, I look so much cuter. I should have filmed y'all. Filmed this I should have filmed y'all. Filmed this I should have filmed y'all. Filmed this way. Anyways, that's my outfit. That's way. Anyways, that's my outfit. That's way. Anyways, that's my outfit. That's what we look like. We're about to head what we look like. We're about to head what we look like. We're about to head out. And then for perfume. Oh my god. out. And then for perfume. Oh my god. out. And then for perfume. Oh my god. Let me not forget. I'm wearing Let me not forget. I'm wearing Let me not forget. I'm wearing exclusive. This is one of my favorite. exclusive. This is one of my favorite. exclusive. This is one of my favorite. This is a OG look. It's just good. Okay, This is a OG look. It's just good. Okay, This is a OG look. It's just good. Okay, if you've never if you I know it's if you've never if you I know it's if you've never if you I know it's expensive, y'all, but I'm telling you, expensive, y'all, but I'm telling you, expensive, y'all, but I'm telling you, it's worth it. I'll link it as well as it's worth it. I'll link it as well as it's worth it. I'll link it as well as the Dossier like dupy dupe in case you the Dossier like dupy dupe in case you the Dossier like dupy dupe in case you want the smell, but you don't want to want the smell, but you don't want to want the smell, but you don't want to pay that much for it cuz it's so good. pay that much for it cuz it's so good. pay that much for it cuz it's so good. But it is so expensive. I ain't going to But it is so expensive. I ain't going to But it is so expensive. I ain't going to lie. But it's so good, girl. So anyh lie. But it's so good, girl. So anyh lie. But it's so good, girl. So anyh who, let's get going. We are finally on who, let's get going. We are finally on who, let's get going. We are finally on the move. First stop is Matcha. Duh. the move. First stop is Matcha. Duh. the move. First stop is Matcha. Duh. Like it's me. Let's be so for real. So Like it's me. Let's be so for real. So Like it's me. Let's be so for real. So we're going to go to the same cafe that we're going to go to the same cafe that we're going to go to the same cafe that I think I've taken you guys to before. I think I've taken you guys to before. I think I've taken you guys to before. Find or wait, am I going to saddle? I Find or wait, am I going to saddle? I Find or wait, am I going to saddle? I don't know what I put in my GPS. I don't know what I put in my GPS. I don't know what I put in my GPS. I actually think we're going to saddle. actually think we're going to saddle. actually think we're going to saddle. What did I put in the GPS? What did I put in the GPS? What did I put in the GPS? Child, I don't know. And then I be Child, I don't know. And then I be Child, I don't know. And then I be having to use ways here. And I don't use having to use ways here. And I don't use having to use ways here. And I don't use ways. Like I'm an Apple Maps girl and I ways. Like I'm an Apple Maps girl and I ways. Like I'm an Apple Maps girl and I know someone's going to be like, "Oh, know someone's going to be like, "Oh, know someone's going to be like, "Oh, that's crazy." cuz people judge me for that's crazy." cuz people judge me for that's crazy." cuz people judge me for using Apple Maps, but I use Apple Maps using Apple Maps, but I use Apple Maps using Apple Maps, but I use Apple Maps anyways. Whatever. We're just gonna vibe anyways. Whatever. We're just gonna vibe anyways. Whatever. We're just gonna vibe out and get to the cafe. out and get to the cafe. out and get to the cafe. >> I feel like no one likes this song and >> I feel like no one likes this song and >> I feel like no one likes this song and it's one of my favorite ones. [music] >> He said he want to buy me a new body. >> He said he want to buy me a new body. >> He said he want to buy me a new body. Even though he fell in love with my old Even though he fell in love with my old Even though he fell in love with my old merist. [music] >> Okay, so we ended up coming to Saddle. >> Okay, so we ended up coming to Saddle. >> Okay, so we ended up coming to Saddle. Remember I was like I couldn't remember Remember I was like I couldn't remember Remember I was like I couldn't remember which one I came to. Okay. Can I get a which one I came to. Okay. Can I get a which one I came to. Okay. Can I get a um ice matcha latte, please? um ice matcha latte, please? um ice matcha latte, please? >> Ice matcha? >> Ice matcha? >> Ice matcha? >> Yes. latte with >> Yes. latte with >> Yes. latte with >> almond. >> almond. >> almond. >> Yes. And can I get it like medium sweet? >> Yes. And can I get it like medium sweet? >> Yes. And can I get it like medium sweet? Oh, you know what? That's it. That'll be Oh, you know what? That's it. That'll be Oh, you know what? That's it. That'll be all. Okay. Quick and easy. And then if all. Okay. Quick and easy. And then if all. Okay. Quick and easy. And then if you ever come to Dubai, they have a you ever come to Dubai, they have a you ever come to Dubai, they have a saddle in the airport now, which is saddle in the airport now, which is saddle in the airport now, which is heavensent because I do not be wanting heavensent because I do not be wanting heavensent because I do not be wanting no Costa costa coffee. Like it just no Costa costa coffee. Like it just no Costa costa coffee. Like it just don't be hitting. So when I came out don't be hitting. So when I came out don't be hitting. So when I came out this go around and I seen the saddle this go around and I seen the saddle this go around and I seen the saddle there, I was like, "Ah, praise the there, I was like, "Ah, praise the there, I was like, "Ah, praise the heavens." So of course, I got me a heavens." So of course, I got me a heavens." So of course, I got me a matcha straight off the flight. Okay. matcha straight off the flight. Okay. matcha straight off the flight. Okay. Um, so you can check it out in the Um, so you can check it out in the Um, so you can check it out in the airport and it was really, really good. airport and it was really, really good. airport and it was really, really good. But they also have them all over. They But they also have them all over. They But they also have them all over. They have them, let me not say in all over, have them, let me not say in all over, have them, let me not say in all over, but I think they're in like the south of but I think they're in like the south of but I think they're in like the south of France and France and France and I've been to the one in Can I've been to the one in Can I've been to the one in Can and here. Maybe that's the only ones and here. Maybe that's the only ones and here. Maybe that's the only ones they have. Or did I go in San? they have. Or did I go in San? they have. Or did I go in San? I think it's Can. I don't know, girl. I think it's Can. I don't know, girl. I think it's Can. I don't know, girl. That was a long time ago. So, anyways, That was a long time ago. So, anyways, That was a long time ago. So, anyways, we're just going to get this and then we're just going to get this and then we're just going to get this and then we'll head to the chemist warehouse so we'll head to the chemist warehouse so we'll head to the chemist warehouse so we can do a little hygiene shopping and we can do a little hygiene shopping and we can do a little hygiene shopping and see this tea. see this tea. see this tea. >> Hi. >> Hi. >> Hi. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Have a great day. >> Have a great day. >> Have a great day. >> It be working, girl, cuz it is hot >> It be working, girl, cuz it is hot >> It be working, girl, cuz it is hot outside. First of all, look at this outside. First of all, look at this outside. First of all, look at this color. color. color. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. What is that sound? Is that my car? I don't know nothing about none of that. I don't know nothing about none of that. I don't know nothing about none of that. What What What am I tripping? Maybe it's just the air am I tripping? Maybe it's just the air am I tripping? Maybe it's just the air conditioning. I think I'm tripping. Such conditioning. I think I'm tripping. Such conditioning. I think I'm tripping. Such a girly pop day. Oh my god. It's my a girly pop day. Oh my god. It's my a girly pop day. Oh my god. It's my favorite thing to do in the world. Okay. favorite thing to do in the world. Okay. favorite thing to do in the world. Okay. Should we give her a taste? That's what I'm talking about. This is That's what I'm talking about. This is That's what I'm talking about. This is I love New York and I love London. I I love New York and I love London. I I love New York and I love London. I love being in those places. But Dubai's love being in those places. But Dubai's love being in those places. But Dubai's matcha scene, matcha scene, matcha scene, please. Let's go to the chemist please. Let's go to the chemist please. Let's go to the chemist warehouse. I'm not going to do more car warehouse. I'm not going to do more car warehouse. I'm not going to do more car karaoke because my DJI is dying. And karaoke because my DJI is dying. And karaoke because my DJI is dying. And we're going to go to get lunch we're going to go to get lunch we're going to go to get lunch afterwards and [snorts] I need to be afterwards and [snorts] I need to be afterwards and [snorts] I need to be able to talk to y'all. So, no more car able to talk to y'all. So, no more car able to talk to y'all. So, no more car karaoke. Um, I will catch you guys at karaoke. Um, I will catch you guys at karaoke. Um, I will catch you guys at the store and we're going to see what the store and we're going to see what the store and we're going to see what we're going to get. All righty. I have we're going to get. All righty. I have we're going to get. All righty. I have found it. And it does look pretty big. found it. And it does look pretty big. found it. And it does look pretty big. So, let's see what they've got. Okay. So, let's see what they've got. Okay. So, let's see what they've got. Okay. So, I have to be very careful with how So, I have to be very careful with how So, I have to be very careful with how I'm filming in here. I'm filming in here. I'm filming in here. But let's see what we can find. It looks But let's see what we can find. It looks But let's see what we can find. It looks like shampoos, conditioners. They have like shampoos, conditioners. They have like shampoos, conditioners. They have Shea Moisture, all the L'Oreal products Shea Moisture, all the L'Oreal products Shea Moisture, all the L'Oreal products that I really like. It's really busy in that I really like. It's really busy in that I really like. It's really busy in here, too. Like, it seems very popular. here, too. Like, it seems very popular. here, too. Like, it seems very popular. I want to do skin care first, like I want to do skin care first, like I want to do skin care first, like lotions, and soaps. So, let's try to lotions, and soaps. So, let's try to lotions, and soaps. So, let's try to find that first. Here we go. So, find that first. Here we go. So, find that first. Here we go. So, Vaseline, Dove, Nivea. Oh my god, my Vaseline, Dove, Nivea. Oh my god, my Vaseline, Dove, Nivea. Oh my god, my Dove bar. I wanted my antibacterial one. Dove bar. I wanted my antibacterial one. Dove bar. I wanted my antibacterial one. They've got tons of soul de Janeiro. I They've got tons of soul de Janeiro. I They've got tons of soul de Janeiro. I personally don't necessarily use this personally don't necessarily use this personally don't necessarily use this often. So, I won't be picking any up, often. So, I won't be picking any up, often. So, I won't be picking any up, but for those of you who like it. And if but for those of you who like it. And if but for those of you who like it. And if you like Metacube, wo, so much Metacube you like Metacube, wo, so much Metacube you like Metacube, wo, so much Metacube stuff. I've never really tried their stuff. I've never really tried their stuff. I've never really tried their stuff like that. So, yeah. Oh my god. stuff like that. So, yeah. Oh my god. stuff like that. So, yeah. Oh my god. Wait, please tell me they have melatonin Wait, please tell me they have melatonin Wait, please tell me they have melatonin cuz it is so hard for me to find like cuz it is so hard for me to find like cuz it is so hard for me to find like chewy melatonin. No melatonin and no chewy melatonin. No melatonin and no chewy melatonin. No melatonin and no lei. I was trying to see if they had any lei. I was trying to see if they had any lei. I was trying to see if they had any of the Lei vitamins, but they don't. of the Lei vitamins, but they don't. of the Lei vitamins, but they don't. Okay, they do have like some Color Wow Okay, they do have like some Color Wow Okay, they do have like some Color Wow stuff. I've only ever seen in Sephora stuff. I've only ever seen in Sephora stuff. I've only ever seen in Sephora before. So, ooh, they also have K18 before. So, ooh, they also have K18 before. So, ooh, they also have K18 Ollex Ollex Ollex Mask Heaven. So, if you are looking for Mask Heaven. So, if you are looking for Mask Heaven. So, if you are looking for face masks, trust me, they've got a face masks, trust me, they've got a face masks, trust me, they've got a million eye patches, lip masks, the million eye patches, lip masks, the million eye patches, lip masks, the whole thing. Okay, going to grab a few whole thing. Okay, going to grab a few whole thing. Okay, going to grab a few of these Medicube masks. Just two. I'm of these Medicube masks. Just two. I'm of these Medicube masks. Just two. I'm going to grab a Bio Oil, the natural going to grab a Bio Oil, the natural going to grab a Bio Oil, the natural one. I'm going to grab another myicellar one. I'm going to grab another myicellar one. I'm going to grab another myicellar water, the one with oil. I'm going to water, the one with oil. I'm going to water, the one with oil. I'm going to grab these to add on the ends of my grab these to add on the ends of my grab these to add on the ends of my lashes. Might as well grab a lofah. lashes. Might as well grab a lofah. lashes. Might as well grab a lofah. Going to grab an extra pack of razor Going to grab an extra pack of razor Going to grab an extra pack of razor heads. These are my favorite razors. heads. These are my favorite razors. heads. These are my favorite razors. These are the only razors that I use. These are the only razors that I use. These are the only razors that I use. Shout out to Venus. I'm also going to Shout out to Venus. I'm also going to Shout out to Venus. I'm also going to get these facial razors. I'm going to get these facial razors. I'm going to get these facial razors. I'm going to grab one of these. I've been using this grab one of these. I've been using this grab one of these. I've been using this to keep stretch marks away hopefully. to keep stretch marks away hopefully. to keep stretch marks away hopefully. They don't have the oil that I use They don't have the oil that I use They don't have the oil that I use though as well. So, okay. I'm going to though as well. So, okay. I'm going to though as well. So, okay. I'm going to grab one of these, too, because I heard grab one of these, too, because I heard grab one of these, too, because I heard this is a must. So, we finished. It was this is a must. So, we finished. It was this is a must. So, we finished. It was just okay. I'm a little disappointed. just okay. I'm a little disappointed. just okay. I'm a little disappointed. The I think the one that the young lady The I think the one that the young lady The I think the one that the young lady I seen on TikTok go to was bigger, but I I seen on TikTok go to was bigger, but I I seen on TikTok go to was bigger, but I got a lot of stuff. I mean, I just spent got a lot of stuff. I mean, I just spent got a lot of stuff. I mean, I just spent $100. I am a little disappointed. $100. I am a little disappointed. $100. I am a little disappointed. Can't lie. But it's all good. Now, I'm Can't lie. But it's all good. Now, I'm Can't lie. But it's all good. Now, I'm hungry. So, let's go eat. We're going to hungry. So, let's go eat. We're going to hungry. So, let's go eat. We're going to go to this cafe called Ona. It's an go to this cafe called Ona. It's an go to this cafe called Ona. It's an Australian cafe, but it's here in Zubai Australian cafe, but it's here in Zubai Australian cafe, but it's here in Zubai now, and it's supposed to be really now, and it's supposed to be really now, and it's supposed to be really nice. So, let's go check it out. [music] >> [music] >> Okay, so we made it into the cafe. Okay. >> Okay, so we made it into the cafe. Okay. >> Okay, so we made it into the cafe. Okay. It's really, really cute. A lot of It's really, really cute. A lot of It's really, really cute. A lot of people have been complaining that it's people have been complaining that it's people have been complaining that it's super duper busy all the time, but I super duper busy all the time, but I super duper busy all the time, but I don't know. Seems pretty okay so far. don't know. Seems pretty okay so far. don't know. Seems pretty okay so far. So, I scanned the menu. It's on a little So, I scanned the menu. It's on a little So, I scanned the menu. It's on a little QR code. So, let's start with drinks. I QR code. So, let's start with drinks. I QR code. So, let's start with drinks. I got some water already. They're really, got some water already. They're really, got some water already. They're really, really known for their coffee, but I've really known for their coffee, but I've really known for their coffee, but I've already had my caffeine for the day, so already had my caffeine for the day, so already had my caffeine for the day, so we're not going to have any coffee. we're not going to have any coffee. we're not going to have any coffee. People say that the coffee is so good. People say that the coffee is so good. People say that the coffee is so good. Specifically, like the tiramisu latte, Specifically, like the tiramisu latte, Specifically, like the tiramisu latte, the pistachio latte. Supposed to be like the pistachio latte. Supposed to be like the pistachio latte. Supposed to be like really, really nice. So, I'll have to really, really nice. So, I'll have to really, really nice. So, I'll have to come back like in the morning one day. I come back like in the morning one day. I come back like in the morning one day. I think I'm just going to do an uzu think I'm just going to do an uzu think I'm just going to do an uzu lemonade. And then now, let's look at lemonade. And then now, let's look at lemonade. And then now, let's look at food cuz I'm starved. Okay. So, can I do food cuz I'm starved. Okay. So, can I do food cuz I'm starved. Okay. So, can I do an uzu lemonade? an uzu lemonade? an uzu lemonade? >> Mhm. And then can I do a the Ona Waldorf >> Mhm. And then can I do a the Ona Waldorf >> Mhm. And then can I do a the Ona Waldorf salad? And then can I also get the salad? And then can I also get the salad? And then can I also get the chopped Ona Club, but instead of the chopped Ona Club, but instead of the chopped Ona Club, but instead of the chips that come with it, can I do the chips that come with it, can I do the chips that come with it, can I do the hand cut fries? hand cut fries? hand cut fries? um instead of chips. um instead of chips. um instead of chips. >> Yeah. So, fries instead if possible. >> Yeah. So, fries instead if possible. >> Yeah. So, fries instead if possible. Okay. So, ordered my food. Um hopefully Okay. So, ordered my food. Um hopefully Okay. So, ordered my food. Um hopefully it's good. So, I got a club sandwich. it's good. So, I got a club sandwich. it's good. So, I got a club sandwich. It's like it says it's has grilled It's like it says it's has grilled It's like it says it's has grilled chicken, cheddar, lettuce, tomato, beef, chicken, cheddar, lettuce, tomato, beef, chicken, cheddar, lettuce, tomato, beef, bacon, whatever Ona dressing is, and bacon, whatever Ona dressing is, and bacon, whatever Ona dressing is, and it's on Japanese milk bread. Now, it's it's on Japanese milk bread. Now, it's it's on Japanese milk bread. Now, it's supposed to come with I think like supposed to come with I think like supposed to come with I think like little potato chips, but I got French little potato chips, but I got French little potato chips, but I got French fries instead cuz y'all know I love a fries instead cuz y'all know I love a fries instead cuz y'all know I love a French fry. And then I also got the Ona French fry. And then I also got the Ona French fry. And then I also got the Ona Waldorf salad cuz I just want some Waldorf salad cuz I just want some Waldorf salad cuz I just want some greens. And this has a girl they be greens. And this has a girl they be greens. And this has a girl they be calling it rocket, but that's arugula. calling it rocket, but that's arugula. calling it rocket, but that's arugula. So it comes with arugula fennel. Um, So it comes with arugula fennel. Um, So it comes with arugula fennel. Um, thank you. And then it has a tahini thank you. And then it has a tahini thank you. And then it has a tahini dressing. I'm a little nervous about the dressing. I'm a little nervous about the dressing. I'm a little nervous about the tahini dressing cuz I don't really like tahini dressing cuz I don't really like tahini dressing cuz I don't really like tahini, which is funny because I love tahini, which is funny because I love tahini, which is funny because I love peanut butter and to me they taste peanut butter and to me they taste peanut butter and to me they taste really similar but so different for some really similar but so different for some really similar but so different for some reason. But anyways, so that's what I reason. But anyways, so that's what I reason. But anyways, so that's what I got. And then the uzu lemonade. So when got. And then the uzu lemonade. So when got. And then the uzu lemonade. So when it comes out I will show you guys. Okay, it comes out I will show you guys. Okay, it comes out I will show you guys. Okay, so our uzu lemonade has arrived. It is a so our uzu lemonade has arrived. It is a so our uzu lemonade has arrived. It is a very tiny cup. I guess this is the uzu very tiny cup. I guess this is the uzu very tiny cup. I guess this is the uzu at the bottom. So, I'm going to give it at the bottom. So, I'm going to give it at the bottom. So, I'm going to give it a mix. Very pretty. Okay, now let's give a mix. Very pretty. Okay, now let's give a mix. Very pretty. Okay, now let's give her a taste. her a taste. her a taste. Oh, that's uzu. Oo, it is strong uzu. Oh, that's uzu. Oo, it is strong uzu. Oh, that's uzu. Oo, it is strong uzu. Now, I like uzu, so that's fine by me, Now, I like uzu, so that's fine by me, Now, I like uzu, so that's fine by me, but it's really good. I could drink this but it's really good. I could drink this but it's really good. I could drink this in like 2 seconds, though. That's the in like 2 seconds, though. That's the in like 2 seconds, though. That's the only thing. So, all of our food is here. only thing. So, all of our food is here. only thing. So, all of our food is here. It's a lot of food as I'm sure you guys It's a lot of food as I'm sure you guys It's a lot of food as I'm sure you guys uh have gotten to see at this point. Um uh have gotten to see at this point. Um uh have gotten to see at this point. Um the dressing for this salad came on the the dressing for this salad came on the the dressing for this salad came on the side. So, I'm going to try that first. side. So, I'm going to try that first. side. So, I'm going to try that first. Ooh, it's sweet. It's It doesn't taste Ooh, it's sweet. It's It doesn't taste Ooh, it's sweet. It's It doesn't taste like tahini to me at all. So, that's like tahini to me at all. So, that's like tahini to me at all. So, that's fine. I'm going to put that on the fine. I'm going to put that on the fine. I'm going to put that on the salad. Let's see what it's giving. I salad. Let's see what it's giving. I salad. Let's see what it's giving. I really like fennel and I like arugula really like fennel and I like arugula really like fennel and I like arugula and I kind of wanted like a nice little and I kind of wanted like a nice little and I kind of wanted like a nice little like sweet salad. So, I'm excited. like sweet salad. So, I'm excited. like sweet salad. So, I'm excited. It's just hard to eat this. It's just hard to eat this. It's just hard to eat this. Got too much. Got too much. Got too much. 10 out of 10. I literally have no notes. 10 out of 10. I literally have no notes. 10 out of 10. I literally have no notes. It's so good. I wish there were more It's so good. I wish there were more It's so good. I wish there were more walnuts in it for like a crunch. I mean, walnuts in it for like a crunch. I mean, walnuts in it for like a crunch. I mean, it's very crunchy cuz the finel, but you it's very crunchy cuz the finel, but you it's very crunchy cuz the finel, but you know what I mean. I can't I literally know what I mean. I can't I literally know what I mean. I can't I literally said 10 out of 10, no notes, and then said 10 out of 10, no notes, and then said 10 out of 10, no notes, and then say I wish I had more of this. But it's say I wish I had more of this. But it's say I wish I had more of this. But it's really, really nice. Really nice. It's really, really nice. Really nice. It's really, really nice. Really nice. It's like a really good summer salad. Kind of like a really good summer salad. Kind of like a really good summer salad. Kind of bitter spiciness from the arugula and bitter spiciness from the arugula and bitter spiciness from the arugula and then you get a little bit of salty from then you get a little bit of salty from then you get a little bit of salty from the parmesan and then a lot of sweet the parmesan and then a lot of sweet the parmesan and then a lot of sweet from the grapes and the apples and the from the grapes and the apples and the from the grapes and the apples and the pomegranates. It's really nice. Let's go pomegranates. It's really nice. Let's go pomegranates. It's really nice. Let's go ahead and try a French fry. ahead and try a French fry. ahead and try a French fry. So, they're like really thick cut. They So, they're like really thick cut. They So, they're like really thick cut. They have parmesan on them. I'm going to try have parmesan on them. I'm going to try have parmesan on them. I'm going to try one on its own cuz I have a side of one on its own cuz I have a side of one on its own cuz I have a side of ketchup here as well. Oh, they're ketchup here as well. Oh, they're ketchup here as well. Oh, they're seasoned like hella. I don't know if you seasoned like hella. I don't know if you seasoned like hella. I don't know if you guys can see that. There's like guys can see that. There's like guys can see that. There's like seasoning all over them. >> Okay, they definitely don't need >> Okay, they definitely don't need >> Okay, they definitely don't need ketchup. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. These are delicious. These are delicious. These are delicious. Wait a second. I am going to put some Wait a second. I am going to put some Wait a second. I am going to put some ketchup because I asked for it and I ketchup because I asked for it and I ketchup because I asked for it and I don't want him to be like, "Why did a don't want him to be like, "Why did a don't want him to be like, "Why did a girl ask me for ketchup and she ain't girl ask me for ketchup and she ain't girl ask me for ketchup and she ain't even use it?" No. Guys, even use it?" No. Guys, even use it?" No. Guys, these are so good. I don't know how to these are so good. I don't know how to these are so good. I don't know how to describe it. As thick as they are, describe it. As thick as they are, describe it. As thick as they are, they're not like super dense like you they're not like super dense like you they're not like super dense like you would think. would think. would think. M. M. M. Good French fry. Like I could sit here Good French fry. Like I could sit here Good French fry. Like I could sit here and eat like 10 orders of those. I'm not and eat like 10 orders of those. I'm not and eat like 10 orders of those. I'm not kidding. Another 10 out of 10. Now for kidding. Another 10 out of 10. Now for kidding. Another 10 out of 10. Now for the star of the show. Let's try the the star of the show. Let's try the the star of the show. Let's try the chicken club salad or chicken club chicken club salad or chicken club chicken club salad or chicken club sandwich. Like I said, it comes with sandwich. Like I said, it comes with sandwich. Like I said, it comes with these little little chips. I'm not going these little little chips. I'm not going these little little chips. I'm not going to eat them. It does have pickles on the to eat them. It does have pickles on the to eat them. It does have pickles on the side. And if you know me, you know I side. And if you know me, you know I side. And if you know me, you know I love a pickle. They're bread and butter pickles though. They're bread and butter pickles though. They're bread and butter pickles though. Is that what they're called? Bread and Is that what they're called? Bread and Is that what they're called? Bread and butter. The sweet ones. I don't really butter. The sweet ones. I don't really butter. The sweet ones. I don't really like sweet pickles. Okay. like sweet pickles. Okay. like sweet pickles. Okay. >> Oh my god. I'm so Look at the inside of >> Oh my god. I'm so Look at the inside of >> Oh my god. I'm so Look at the inside of this. So, it's like a chops club, which this. So, it's like a chops club, which this. So, it's like a chops club, which is really nice in my opinion. I feel is really nice in my opinion. I feel is really nice in my opinion. I feel like that texture is like really, really like that texture is like really, really like that texture is like really, really banging. So, let's see what it's giving. banging. So, let's see what it's giving. banging. So, let's see what it's giving. The bread looks really nice. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. There are caramelized onions on here There are caramelized onions on here There are caramelized onions on here that are delicious. that are delicious. that are delicious. The bread is so nice. It's not too much, The bread is so nice. It's not too much, The bread is so nice. It's not too much, but not too little for like such a but not too little for like such a but not too little for like such a hearty sandwich. And there's something hearty sandwich. And there's something hearty sandwich. And there's something giving it this like sweetness. It's giving it this like sweetness. It's giving it this like sweetness. It's really nice. Okay, I think it's the really nice. Okay, I think it's the really nice. Okay, I think it's the onions. This would be a 10 for me. The onions. This would be a 10 for me. The onions. This would be a 10 for me. The only issue is whatever the sauce is that only issue is whatever the sauce is that only issue is whatever the sauce is that they use, it's definitely mayonnaise they use, it's definitely mayonnaise they use, it's definitely mayonnaise based. It's to be expected. Most people based. It's to be expected. Most people based. It's to be expected. Most people like mayonnaise. And usually people put like mayonnaise. And usually people put like mayonnaise. And usually people put mayonnaise on sandwiches and burger type mayonnaise on sandwiches and burger type mayonnaise on sandwiches and burger type things, but I don't like mayonnaise. And things, but I don't like mayonnaise. And things, but I don't like mayonnaise. And I can like taste the mayonnaise. I can like taste the mayonnaise. I can like taste the mayonnaise. Let me rephrase. I eat mayonnaise. Like Let me rephrase. I eat mayonnaise. Like Let me rephrase. I eat mayonnaise. Like I'll eat mayonnaise and potato salad and I'll eat mayonnaise and potato salad and I'll eat mayonnaise and potato salad and doubled eggs and things like that, but doubled eggs and things like that, but doubled eggs and things like that, but it has to be like very disguised. it has to be like very disguised. it has to be like very disguised. I can taste this, but it's still so I can taste this, but it's still so I can taste this, but it's still so good. I would give this an eight. I good. I would give this an eight. I good. I would give this an eight. I would order this again. Wow. Okay. Ona. would order this again. Wow. Okay. Ona. would order this again. Wow. Okay. Ona. And you know, usually something isn't And you know, usually something isn't And you know, usually something isn't good, but this is like great all around. good, but this is like great all around. good, but this is like great all around. So, apparently this cafe is like really So, apparently this cafe is like really So, apparently this cafe is like really really popular in Australia. They opened really popular in Australia. They opened really popular in Australia. They opened up one here in Dubai and it's been up one here in Dubai and it's been up one here in Dubai and it's been really really popular. And you know, really really popular. And you know, really really popular. And you know, normally with a lot of the like super normally with a lot of the like super normally with a lot of the like super viral places, it be hype. viral places, it be hype. viral places, it be hype. This is fire. Like so good. So, I'm This is fire. Like so good. So, I'm This is fire. Like so good. So, I'm going to enjoy my lunch. going to enjoy my lunch. going to enjoy my lunch. There's like a nap flying. And um I will There's like a nap flying. And um I will There's like a nap flying. And um I will pick you guys up when we're headed home. pick you guys up when we're headed home. pick you guys up when we're headed home. I hope y'all can hear me cuz I got the I hope y'all can hear me cuz I got the I hope y'all can hear me cuz I got the AC on blast because it is hot. I'm AC on blast because it is hot. I'm AC on blast because it is hot. I'm talking I only had to walk I would say talking I only had to walk I would say talking I only had to walk I would say two minutes from the cafe to where I'm two minutes from the cafe to where I'm two minutes from the cafe to where I'm parked cuz the parking over here is parked cuz the parking over here is parked cuz the parking over here is nuts. I'm going to show you. Well, it's nuts. I'm going to show you. Well, it's nuts. I'm going to show you. Well, it's it's not nuts, but there's no parking at it's not nuts, but there's no parking at it's not nuts, but there's no parking at the cafe. So, the cafe is like right at the cafe. So, the cafe is like right at the cafe. So, the cafe is like right at the corner. I don't know if y'all can the corner. I don't know if y'all can the corner. I don't know if y'all can see. It's literally like 200 ft away. see. It's literally like 200 ft away. see. It's literally like 200 ft away. Like, it's not far at all. It is so god Like, it's not far at all. It is so god Like, it's not far at all. It is so god darn hot outside. darn hot outside. darn hot outside. Anyhoo, child, we going to head home. I Anyhoo, child, we going to head home. I Anyhoo, child, we going to head home. I was thinking we would go to the mall cuz was thinking we would go to the mall cuz was thinking we would go to the mall cuz I wanted to get my steps in. I ain't I wanted to get my steps in. I ain't I wanted to get my steps in. I ain't gonna lie, big mama's tired. You know, gonna lie, big mama's tired. You know, gonna lie, big mama's tired. You know, after you eat. You know how it be after after you eat. You know how it be after after you eat. You know how it be after you eat. But also, I have some business you eat. But also, I have some business you eat. But also, I have some business I need to take care of and it's already I need to take care of and it's already I need to take care of and it's already kind of late in the day and I don't want kind of late in the day and I don't want kind of late in the day and I don't want to be up all night. So, part of me is to be up all night. So, part of me is to be up all night. So, part of me is like, hey, maybe we won't get my steps like, hey, maybe we won't get my steps like, hey, maybe we won't get my steps in today. Let me see how many steps am I in today. Let me see how many steps am I in today. Let me see how many steps am I on. Matter of fact, yeah, I got nothing. on. Matter of fact, yeah, I got nothing. on. Matter of fact, yeah, I got nothing. I'm on 2,300 for today, which is crazy. I'm on 2,300 for today, which is crazy. I'm on 2,300 for today, which is crazy. Yesterday, I got 10,700. The day before Yesterday, I got 10,700. The day before Yesterday, I got 10,700. The day before that, I got 13,834. that, I got 13,834. that, I got 13,834. And the day before that, I got 10,30. And the day before that, I got 10,30. And the day before that, I got 10,30. So, So, So, it's okay. We can take a break. Tomorrow it's okay. We can take a break. Tomorrow it's okay. We can take a break. Tomorrow though, tomorrow morning, we are though, tomorrow morning, we are though, tomorrow morning, we are definitely going to get our steps. Uh, definitely going to get our steps. Uh, definitely going to get our steps. Uh, and then we have to do my stretches as and then we have to do my stretches as and then we have to do my stretches as well. well. well. Yeah. Before we get on with our plans Yeah. Before we get on with our plans Yeah. Before we get on with our plans for tomorrow. So, with that being said, for tomorrow. So, with that being said, for tomorrow. So, with that being said, I'm about to drive home, y'all. We'll do I'm about to drive home, y'all. We'll do I'm about to drive home, y'all. We'll do a little haul of the things that I got a little haul of the things that I got a little haul of the things that I got at the um chemist warehouse, even though at the um chemist warehouse, even though at the um chemist warehouse, even though I'm pretty sure I showed y'all already I'm pretty sure I showed y'all already I'm pretty sure I showed y'all already like what I got, but we'll do a little like what I got, but we'll do a little like what I got, but we'll do a little Holly haul just in case. and then I'm Holly haul just in case. and then I'm Holly haul just in case. and then I'm gonna do some work and then maybe I'll gonna do some work and then maybe I'll gonna do some work and then maybe I'll show you my dinner. I already pre-made. show you my dinner. I already pre-made. show you my dinner. I already pre-made. I've been like meal prepping and stuff I've been like meal prepping and stuff I've been like meal prepping and stuff to make things easy for myself. Anywh to make things easy for myself. Anywh to make things easy for myself. Anywh who, let's go. We're back at the house, who, let's go. We're back at the house, who, let's go. We're back at the house, so I figured I would show you guys what so I figured I would show you guys what so I figured I would show you guys what we got from [applause] Chemist we got from [applause] Chemist we got from [applause] Chemist Warehouse. I'm pretty sure I showed Warehouse. I'm pretty sure I showed Warehouse. I'm pretty sure I showed y'all everything I picked up, but just y'all everything I picked up, but just y'all everything I picked up, but just in case I didn't, we'll go through it in case I didn't, we'll go through it in case I didn't, we'll go through it right now. And I'm not going to lie, I right now. And I'm not going to lie, I right now. And I'm not going to lie, I think the prices You know what, girl? think the prices You know what, girl? think the prices You know what, girl? Let me not even lie to y'all. I don't Let me not even lie to y'all. I don't Let me not even lie to y'all. I don't know. Let's go. So, I got a lofah. I know. Let's go. So, I got a lofah. I know. Let's go. So, I got a lofah. I told y'all that I needed a new one. And told y'all that I needed a new one. And told y'all that I needed a new one. And then I got my favorite razors ever. then I got my favorite razors ever. then I got my favorite razors ever. These are the Venus. Which one are These are the Venus. Which one are These are the Venus. Which one are these? The coconut comfort glide. So, these? The coconut comfort glide. So, these? The coconut comfort glide. So, the reason that I like this so much is the reason that I like this so much is the reason that I like this so much is it has five blades, which is great. If it has five blades, which is great. If it has five blades, which is great. If you are a hairy girl, this is going to you are a hairy girl, this is going to you are a hairy girl, this is going to get you such a close shave. I know the get you such a close shave. I know the get you such a close shave. I know the girls were like, "Use a men's razor." No girls were like, "Use a men's razor." No girls were like, "Use a men's razor." No thanks. I want a ladies razor. This thanks. I want a ladies razor. This thanks. I want a ladies razor. This these five blades do what they need to these five blades do what they need to these five blades do what they need to do. And then I love the moisture strip. do. And then I love the moisture strip. do. And then I love the moisture strip. Gosh be zoom zoom zoom when it's time Gosh be zoom zoom zoom when it's time Gosh be zoom zoom zoom when it's time for me to shave. So, I've been using for me to shave. So, I've been using for me to shave. So, I've been using these for years. I feel like y'all know these for years. I feel like y'all know these for years. I feel like y'all know that. I always talk about these razors. that. I always talk about these razors. that. I always talk about these razors. It's literally nothing new. I got some It's literally nothing new. I got some It's literally nothing new. I got some more of the stretch mark cream from more of the stretch mark cream from more of the stretch mark cream from Cocoa Butter. I'm pretty sure this is Cocoa Butter. I'm pretty sure this is Cocoa Butter. I'm pretty sure this is what I Yeah, it is. Okay. Yeah. So, it's what I Yeah, it is. Okay. Yeah. So, it's what I Yeah, it is. Okay. Yeah. So, it's this one. So, it's basically like a this one. So, it's basically like a this one. So, it's basically like a lotion. Like, it's like a lotion and lotion. Like, it's like a lotion and lotion. Like, it's like a lotion and then I go over it with an oil, but they then I go over it with an oil, but they then I go over it with an oil, but they didn't have the oil that I normally use. didn't have the oil that I normally use. didn't have the oil that I normally use. So, I got the Bio Oil. I have to get the So, I got the Bio Oil. I have to get the So, I got the Bio Oil. I have to get the natural one because the original has natural one because the original has natural one because the original has vitamin A, I think, in it. It's got some vitamin A, I think, in it. It's got some vitamin A, I think, in it. It's got some in it that I can't use allegedly. So, I in it that I can't use allegedly. So, I in it that I can't use allegedly. So, I just get the the natural one. And then I just get the the natural one. And then I just get the the natural one. And then I got two of these Metacube masks. Now, got two of these Metacube masks. Now, got two of these Metacube masks. Now, I've actually never used the Metacube. I I've actually never used the Metacube. I I've actually never used the Metacube. I always use the Bioance ones, but I think always use the Bioance ones, but I think always use the Bioance ones, but I think these are the exact same. Like, you're these are the exact same. Like, you're these are the exact same. Like, you're supposed to put it on, leave it on, and supposed to put it on, leave it on, and supposed to put it on, leave it on, and let it like do its thing. So, everyone let it like do its thing. So, everyone let it like do its thing. So, everyone talks about Metacube. Like, people love talks about Metacube. Like, people love talks about Metacube. Like, people love Metacube. I just haven't found anything Metacube. I just haven't found anything Metacube. I just haven't found anything from them. Is something leaking in my from them. Is something leaking in my from them. Is something leaking in my bag? Yeah, I think this was leaking. bag? Yeah, I think this was leaking. bag? Yeah, I think this was leaking. Anyways, so I got some of this because Anyways, so I got some of this because Anyways, so I got some of this because we're going to try it out and see like we're going to try it out and see like we're going to try it out and see like what's teeth. I also got another what's teeth. I also got another what's teeth. I also got another myicellar water. I know what you're myicellar water. I know what you're myicellar water. I know what you're thinking, Aaliyah, why'd you get a small thinking, Aaliyah, why'd you get a small thinking, Aaliyah, why'd you get a small one? Because I don't be wearing like a one? Because I don't be wearing like a one? Because I don't be wearing like a full beat on a regular basis. I don't go full beat on a regular basis. I don't go full beat on a regular basis. I don't go through this as much as I usually do. through this as much as I usually do. through this as much as I usually do. And so, I don't know. I just prefer the And so, I don't know. I just prefer the And so, I don't know. I just prefer the little travel size ones cuz I can just little travel size ones cuz I can just little travel size ones cuz I can just take them on the go. They don't take up take them on the go. They don't take up take them on the go. They don't take up too much space and I always get the one too much space and I always get the one too much space and I always get the one that has oil in it. Okay? I know some that has oil in it. Okay? I know some that has oil in it. Okay? I know some people like oil free. Do what you need people like oil free. Do what you need people like oil free. Do what you need to do for your skin. That oil free girl, to do for your skin. That oil free girl, to do for your skin. That oil free girl, my mascara ain't never coming off. I'm my mascara ain't never coming off. I'm my mascara ain't never coming off. I'm not getting the oil free. I need the not getting the oil free. I need the not getting the oil free. I need the oil. Okay. So, that's the one that I oil. Okay. So, that's the one that I oil. Okay. So, that's the one that I use. I also got some facial razors use. I also got some facial razors use. I also got some facial razors because my mustache I'm not plucking because my mustache I'm not plucking because my mustache I'm not plucking that. She needs to get shaved off. And that. She needs to get shaved off. And that. She needs to get shaved off. And then I got some lashes. This feels so then I got some lashes. This feels so then I got some lashes. This feels so heavy. Oh. Oh my god. These are covered heavy. Oh. Oh my god. These are covered heavy. Oh. Oh my god. These are covered in whatever is leaking. Anyways, okay. I in whatever is leaking. Anyways, okay. I in whatever is leaking. Anyways, okay. I got some lashes. These are by Kiss, of got some lashes. These are by Kiss, of got some lashes. These are by Kiss, of course. These ones I feel like I use a course. These ones I feel like I use a course. These ones I feel like I use a lot, but these have like spikes, which lot, but these have like spikes, which lot, but these have like spikes, which is why I want No glue needed. is why I want No glue needed. is why I want No glue needed. Oh, are these self adhesive? Oh, are these self adhesive? Oh, are these self adhesive? No wonder they were so expensive. I was No wonder they were so expensive. I was No wonder they were so expensive. I was like, why are these so expensive? The no like, why are these so expensive? The no like, why are these so expensive? The no blue falsies. What does that mean? I blue falsies. What does that mean? I blue falsies. What does that mean? I think that means they got self adhesive, think that means they got self adhesive, think that means they got self adhesive, which is fine. So, I got the demi edgy which is fine. So, I got the demi edgy which is fine. So, I got the demi edgy pair and the demi wispy. The demi edgy pair and the demi wispy. The demi edgy pair and the demi wispy. The demi edgy is different than what I would normally is different than what I would normally is different than what I would normally wear, but I'm kind of hype about it cuz wear, but I'm kind of hype about it cuz wear, but I'm kind of hype about it cuz I feel like it's going to add like a I feel like it's going to add like a I feel like it's going to add like a cute little I don't know. I just think cute little I don't know. I just think cute little I don't know. I just think that's going to be so freaking cute. So, that's going to be so freaking cute. So, that's going to be so freaking cute. So, I got those. And then y'all know I got I got those. And then y'all know I got I got those. And then y'all know I got that nipple cream. So, that's everything that nipple cream. So, that's everything that nipple cream. So, that's everything we got. We didn't do nothing too crazy we got. We didn't do nothing too crazy we got. We didn't do nothing too crazy in here, girl. They didn't. It was a bit in here, girl. They didn't. It was a bit in here, girl. They didn't. It was a bit disappointing to say the least. Like I disappointing to say the least. Like I disappointing to say the least. Like I don't know. I thought like I was going don't know. I thought like I was going don't know. I thought like I was going to be able to find like body washes and to be able to find like body washes and to be able to find like body washes and lotions and stuff. Like that's what I lotions and stuff. Like that's what I lotions and stuff. Like that's what I was I was looking for that. But they was I was looking for that. But they was I was looking for that. But they only had like they had a lot of stuff only had like they had a lot of stuff only had like they had a lot of stuff from Dove, but the only thing from Dove from Dove, but the only thing from Dove from Dove, but the only thing from Dove that I use on my body is the that I use on my body is the that I use on my body is the antibacterial soap. Maybe I should try antibacterial soap. Maybe I should try antibacterial soap. Maybe I should try some of their other stuff. I've heard some of their other stuff. I've heard some of their other stuff. I've heard really good things, but I don't know. It really good things, but I don't know. It really good things, but I don't know. It just didn't like appeal to me to like just didn't like appeal to me to like just didn't like appeal to me to like grab any of that. So, anyways, I have a grab any of that. So, anyways, I have a grab any of that. So, anyways, I have a little bit of work, but I have a little little bit of work, but I have a little little bit of work, but I have a little bit more that I need to do. And then I'm bit more that I need to do. And then I'm bit more that I need to do. And then I'm going to be getting ready for bed. And going to be getting ready for bed. And going to be getting ready for bed. And then I'll probably pick y'all up around then I'll probably pick y'all up around then I'll probably pick y'all up around then. I still have to eat dinner. I'll then. I still have to eat dinner. I'll then. I still have to eat dinner. I'll be having to make sure I eat more tree be having to make sure I eat more tree be having to make sure I eat more tree meals a day. Okay. Yeah, I'll pick y'all meals a day. Okay. Yeah, I'll pick y'all meals a day. Okay. Yeah, I'll pick y'all back up in a little bit. Hey guys, next back up in a little bit. Hey guys, next back up in a little bit. Hey guys, next day here. We are about to head out. We day here. We are about to head out. We day here. We are about to head out. We are about to head to Bailey's house. I are about to head to Bailey's house. I are about to head to Bailey's house. I have not seen Bailey since, girl, maybe have not seen Bailey since, girl, maybe have not seen Bailey since, girl, maybe Christmas, January. It has been a long Christmas, January. It has been a long Christmas, January. It has been a long I'm talking like it's been so so so so I'm talking like it's been so so so so I'm talking like it's been so so so so so so so long. So, we're going to go so so so long. So, we're going to go so so so long. So, we're going to go over to her house and just kind of over to her house and just kind of over to her house and just kind of chill, hang out by the pool. She's chill, hang out by the pool. She's chill, hang out by the pool. She's hosting me. So, I already know Bailey is hosting me. So, I already know Bailey is hosting me. So, I already know Bailey is like doing the most cuz she's been like doing the most cuz she's been like doing the most cuz she's been texting me all day and I'm like, WE'RE texting me all day and I'm like, WE'RE texting me all day and I'm like, WE'RE JUST CHILLING. LIKE, SHE'S SO CUTE. JUST CHILLING. LIKE, SHE'S SO CUTE. JUST CHILLING. LIKE, SHE'S SO CUTE. She's a great host. So, I got some She's a great host. So, I got some She's a great host. So, I got some non-alcoholic like procco. So, yeah. non-alcoholic like procco. So, yeah. non-alcoholic like procco. So, yeah. We're going to go hang out, chill by the We're going to go hang out, chill by the We're going to go hang out, chill by the pool, catch up. I haven't seen her in so pool, catch up. I haven't seen her in so pool, catch up. I haven't seen her in so so long. So, that is the vibes for so long. So, that is the vibes for so long. So, that is the vibes for today. So, I'm just wearing this Zara today. So, I'm just wearing this Zara today. So, I'm just wearing this Zara like two-piece like set cuz it's super like two-piece like set cuz it's super like two-piece like set cuz it's super airy, super light. It's lowkey kind of airy, super light. It's lowkey kind of airy, super light. It's lowkey kind of see-through. And then I just have on a see-through. And then I just have on a see-through. And then I just have on a brown bikini underneath um in case we brown bikini underneath um in case we brown bikini underneath um in case we actually like swim swim. I don't know actually like swim swim. I don't know actually like swim swim. I don't know what the vibes are, but yeah. But I got what the vibes are, but yeah. But I got what the vibes are, but yeah. But I got this from Zara. Super comfy. I just have this from Zara. Super comfy. I just have this from Zara. Super comfy. I just have on these little chunky bangles. They on these little chunky bangles. They on these little chunky bangles. They make this look a lot cuter. [snorts] And make this look a lot cuter. [snorts] And make this look a lot cuter. [snorts] And yeah. Oh, and then my earrings are super yeah. Oh, and then my earrings are super yeah. Oh, and then my earrings are super cute, too. Look at these. These are from cute, too. Look at these. These are from cute, too. Look at these. These are from Zara as well. Like, how cute are those? Zara as well. Like, how cute are those? Zara as well. Like, how cute are those? So, kind of like a little vacay vibe cuz So, kind of like a little vacay vibe cuz So, kind of like a little vacay vibe cuz like and we're chilling by the pool. like and we're chilling by the pool. like and we're chilling by the pool. That's a vacay. No. Anyh who, so let's That's a vacay. No. Anyh who, so let's That's a vacay. No. Anyh who, so let's get headed over there and catch up with get headed over there and catch up with get headed over there and catch up with our girl. Y'all say hi to Bailey. We our girl. Y'all say hi to Bailey. We our girl. Y'all say hi to Bailey. We have been chitchatting, catching up. So, have been chitchatting, catching up. So, have been chitchatting, catching up. So, we haven't had much footage, but she's we haven't had much footage, but she's we haven't had much footage, but she's feeding me now. We've got Jamaican food. feeding me now. We've got Jamaican food. feeding me now. We've got Jamaican food. I see some festival. We've got wings, I see some festival. We've got wings, I see some festival. We've got wings, mac plantins. mac plantins. mac plantins. Yeah, cuz big mama was hungry. Yeah, cuz big mama was hungry. Yeah, cuz big mama was hungry. [laughter] Hi guys. So, we're back home. [laughter] Hi guys. So, we're back home. [laughter] Hi guys. So, we're back home. I had to rush home cuz I have a meeting. I had to rush home cuz I have a meeting. I had to rush home cuz I have a meeting. We will talk about how much fun we had We will talk about how much fun we had We will talk about how much fun we had with Bailey in just a second, but I have with Bailey in just a second, but I have with Bailey in just a second, but I have to hop on a quick work meeting. The to hop on a quick work meeting. The to hop on a quick work meeting. The thing about the time difference with thing about the time difference with thing about the time difference with Dubai is that all of my work stuff is Dubai is that all of my work stuff is Dubai is that all of my work stuff is done in the the nighttime here, daytime done in the the nighttime here, daytime done in the the nighttime here, daytime New York time. So, it's toppy turkey, New York time. So, it's toppy turkey, New York time. So, it's toppy turkey, but yeah. Nice to see you. Obviously, we but yeah. Nice to see you. Obviously, we but yeah. Nice to see you. Obviously, we all know and are aware all the things. all know and are aware all the things. all know and are aware all the things. super excited to have you being a part super excited to have you being a part super excited to have you being a part of. I've been in startups myself, of. I've been in startups myself, of. I've been in startups myself, beauty, uh, custom fine jewelry, all the beauty, uh, custom fine jewelry, all the beauty, uh, custom fine jewelry, all the things. Um, raising venture capital, all things. Um, raising venture capital, all things. Um, raising venture capital, all of that. So, see like what you were of that. So, see like what you were of that. So, see like what you were thinking, get your thoughts on thinking, get your thoughts on thinking, get your thoughts on everything. We have a ton of things everything. We have a ton of things everything. We have a ton of things rolling out at once. rolling out at once. rolling out at once. >> I did want to see if there were some >> I did want to see if there were some >> I did want to see if there were some other ideas that we wanted to explore other ideas that we wanted to explore other ideas that we wanted to explore around that. It's crazy. Even saying around that. It's crazy. Even saying around that. It's crazy. Even saying that is crazy. that is crazy. that is crazy. >> You didn't just sign your name on a >> You didn't just sign your name on a >> You didn't just sign your name on a dotted line. Like, you really do care. dotted line. Like, you really do care. dotted line. Like, you really do care. The crux of my entire platform has The crux of my entire platform has The crux of my entire platform has always just been extremely um just like always just been extremely um just like always just been extremely um just like real and not necessarily a production. real and not necessarily a production. real and not necessarily a production. And it has always translated very very And it has always translated very very And it has always translated very very well for me. I know that times are well for me. I know that times are well for me. I know that times are changing now. You know, the the girls changing now. You know, the the girls changing now. You know, the the girls are are are >> doing a lot of produced stuff, but >> doing a lot of produced stuff, but >> doing a lot of produced stuff, but sometimes if it's not broke, don't you sometimes if it's not broke, don't you sometimes if it's not broke, don't you don't have to fix it. Okay, so we didn't don't have to fix it. Okay, so we didn't don't have to fix it. Okay, so we didn't vlog [laughter] too too much at vlog [laughter] too too much at vlog [laughter] too too much at Bailey's, and I know y'all are going to Bailey's, and I know y'all are going to Bailey's, and I know y'all are going to be so upset at me about that, but I need be so upset at me about that, but I need be so upset at me about that, but I need y'all to understand I haven't seen y'all to understand I haven't seen y'all to understand I haven't seen Bailey since December. We had a lot to Bailey since December. We had a lot to Bailey since December. We had a lot to catch up on, okay, from the both of us. catch up on, okay, from the both of us. catch up on, okay, from the both of us. Okay, we had so much to catch up on. But Okay, we had so much to catch up on. But Okay, we had so much to catch up on. But it was super cute. I got over there. it was super cute. I got over there. it was super cute. I got over there. It's so funny cuz she told me, she was It's so funny cuz she told me, she was It's so funny cuz she told me, she was like, "I'm going to film like a day in like, "I'm going to film like a day in like, "I'm going to film like a day in the life or whatever before you come, the life or whatever before you come, the life or whatever before you come, blah blah blah." I was like, "Yeah, you blah blah blah." I was like, "Yeah, you blah blah blah." I was like, "Yeah, you should." Like, TOTALLY, GIRL. I GOT should." Like, TOTALLY, GIRL. I GOT should." Like, TOTALLY, GIRL. I GOT THERE. IT WAS A WHOLE production THERE. IT WAS A WHOLE production THERE. IT WAS A WHOLE production company, cameras, like three people company, cameras, like three people company, cameras, like three people filming. I said, "Oh, filming. I said, "Oh, filming. I said, "Oh, you wasn't playing." you wasn't playing." you wasn't playing." >> [snorts and clears throat] >> [snorts and clears throat] >> [snorts and clears throat] >> I said, "When I say I'm filming, I be >> I said, "When I say I'm filming, I be >> I said, "When I say I'm filming, I be like." like." like." Anyways, so we went, we hung out by the Anyways, so we went, we hung out by the Anyways, so we went, we hung out by the pool. It was so nice. We swam for a pool. It was so nice. We swam for a pool. It was so nice. We swam for a little bit. And then that's why my hair little bit. And then that's why my hair little bit. And then that's why my hair looks like this cuz well, my hair kind looks like this cuz well, my hair kind looks like this cuz well, my hair kind of looked like this before I got over of looked like this before I got over of looked like this before I got over there. But anyways, we swam for a little there. But anyways, we swam for a little there. But anyways, we swam for a little bit. She got me some Jamaican food. It bit. She got me some Jamaican food. It bit. She got me some Jamaican food. It was so good. And it's so funny cuz I was so good. And it's so funny cuz I was so good. And it's so funny cuz I wanted some mac and cheese. And she was wanted some mac and cheese. And she was wanted some mac and cheese. And she was like, "Oh, they have this like really like, "Oh, they have this like really like, "Oh, they have this like really good mac and cheese." And I was like, good mac and cheese." And I was like, good mac and cheese." And I was like, "It's like you read my mind." Anyways, "It's like you read my mind." Anyways, "It's like you read my mind." Anyways, so we just hung up. Hung up. [laughter] so we just hung up. Hung up. [laughter] so we just hung up. Hung up. [laughter] Hung out. Caught up. And then I had to Hung out. Caught up. And then I had to Hung out. Caught up. And then I had to get home because I had a meeting which I get home because I had a meeting which I get home because I had a meeting which I let you guys hear a little bit about. let you guys hear a little bit about. let you guys hear a little bit about. And I am so excited. LIKE I FEEL LIKE I And I am so excited. LIKE I FEEL LIKE I And I am so excited. LIKE I FEEL LIKE I HAVE JUST BECOME such a grown lady in HAVE JUST BECOME such a grown lady in HAVE JUST BECOME such a grown lady in the last like the last like the last like 2 years, year and a half. I don't know. 2 years, year and a half. I don't know. 2 years, year and a half. I don't know. It's so weird. Yeah. Like obviously It's so weird. Yeah. Like obviously It's so weird. Yeah. Like obviously y'all know I'm having a baby, [laughter] y'all know I'm having a baby, [laughter] y'all know I'm having a baby, [laughter] but that meeting was so was for a really but that meeting was so was for a really but that meeting was so was for a really cool new business venture that I'm going cool new business venture that I'm going cool new business venture that I'm going into that is kind of like well I was into that is kind of like well I was into that is kind of like well I was going to say my first big step of like a going to say my first big step of like a going to say my first big step of like a stream of income outside of influencing, stream of income outside of influencing, stream of income outside of influencing, but like not really because obviously but like not really because obviously but like not really because obviously I'm a landlord. So that that was my I'm a landlord. So that that was my I'm a landlord. So that that was my first stream outside of influencing. first stream outside of influencing. first stream outside of influencing. That was like a little bit different. I That was like a little bit different. I That was like a little bit different. I don't know. This don't know. This don't know. This like I'm so excited and it's just so like I'm so excited and it's just so like I'm so excited and it's just so cool and I can't wait to share it with cool and I can't wait to share it with cool and I can't wait to share it with you guys. Oh my god, it's going to be so you guys. Oh my god, it's going to be so you guys. Oh my god, it's going to be so crazy. Like I'm just That's all I have crazy. Like I'm just That's all I have crazy. Like I'm just That's all I have to say. Like just wow. Like you are to say. Like just wow. Like you are to say. Like just wow. Like you are really doing the thing, girl. Like I'm really doing the thing, girl. Like I'm really doing the thing, girl. Like I'm like wow. Anyways, so that was like a like wow. Anyways, so that was like a like wow. Anyways, so that was like a really good meeting. So now I'm about to really good meeting. So now I'm about to really good meeting. So now I'm about to take my butt to bed cuz it's late. Girl, take my butt to bed cuz it's late. Girl, take my butt to bed cuz it's late. Girl, it is 10:00 p.m. I need to go shower, it is 10:00 p.m. I need to go shower, it is 10:00 p.m. I need to go shower, take off this makeup, scrub it dubdub. I take off this makeup, scrub it dubdub. I take off this makeup, scrub it dubdub. I need to shave and yeah, I'm tired. I'm need to shave and yeah, I'm tired. I'm need to shave and yeah, I'm tired. I'm real tired. I'm going to eat some Oreos, real tired. I'm going to eat some Oreos, real tired. I'm going to eat some Oreos, too. But yeah, so that's kind of just too. But yeah, so that's kind of just too. But yeah, so that's kind of just what's been going on. Tomorrow, I what's been going on. Tomorrow, I what's been going on. Tomorrow, I promise I will vlog a lot better, me and promise I will vlog a lot better, me and promise I will vlog a lot better, me and Essie. So, tomorrow me and Essie are Essie. So, tomorrow me and Essie are Essie. So, tomorrow me and Essie are hanging out. I need to go to the like hanging out. I need to go to the like hanging out. I need to go to the like gold district out here because the gold district out here because the gold district out here because the wedding band that I got for my husband wedding band that I got for my husband wedding band that I got for my husband fits. But when we be here, girl, his fits. But when we be here, girl, his fits. But when we be here, girl, his hands swell like nobody's business. That hands swell like nobody's business. That hands swell like nobody's business. That ring do not fit when them fingers get ring do not fit when them fingers get ring do not fit when them fingers get fat. Oh my god. But yeah, so I'm going fat. Oh my god. But yeah, so I'm going fat. Oh my god. But yeah, so I'm going to go there and get him another band to go there and get him another band to go there and get him another band that he can wear until I get his actual that he can wear until I get his actual that he can wear until I get his actual ring resized for the swelling. So, we're ring resized for the swelling. So, we're ring resized for the swelling. So, we're going to do that. She's done shopping going to do that. She's done shopping going to do that. She's done shopping there for like her husband's wedding there for like her husband's wedding there for like her husband's wedding band and, you know, their rings and band and, you know, their rings and band and, you know, their rings and stuff like that. So, I was like, "Oh, stuff like that. So, I was like, "Oh, stuff like that. So, I was like, "Oh, perfect." perfect." perfect." >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> So, we're going to go do that and then >> So, we're going to go do that and then >> So, we're going to go do that and then we're going to get lunch and just hang we're going to get lunch and just hang we're going to get lunch and just hang out. Do a lot of girly pop things. It out. Do a lot of girly pop things. It out. Do a lot of girly pop things. It ain't really much you can do when it's ain't really much you can do when it's ain't really much you can do when it's 110° outside. So, yeah, y'all. I will 110° outside. So, yeah, y'all. I will 110° outside. So, yeah, y'all. I will pick you guys up in the morning. pick you guys up in the morning. pick you guys up in the morning. >> Hey y'all. So, it is the next day. We >> Hey y'all. So, it is the next day. We >> Hey y'all. So, it is the next day. We are Where's my purse? are Where's my purse? are Where's my purse? I thought I brought my purse in here to I thought I brought my purse in here to I thought I brought my purse in here to show y'all. Anyways, we're about to head show y'all. Anyways, we're about to head show y'all. Anyways, we're about to head out to go hang out with Essie like I out to go hang out with Essie like I out to go hang out with Essie like I told you guys. So, I tried to like told you guys. So, I tried to like told you guys. So, I tried to like reblow out my hair cuz you guys know I reblow out my hair cuz you guys know I reblow out my hair cuz you guys know I went like swimming yesterday, but I just went like swimming yesterday, but I just went like swimming yesterday, but I just do not like the way that it came out. I do not like the way that it came out. I do not like the way that it came out. I don't know what I did differently. don't know what I did differently. don't know what I did differently. I don't know. It's just too much hair. I don't know. It's just too much hair. I don't know. It's just too much hair. Or maybe I'm just over the sewing. Y'all Or maybe I'm just over the sewing. Y'all Or maybe I'm just over the sewing. Y'all know how I get. I love my hair one know how I get. I love my hair one know how I get. I love my hair one second and then two seconds later I'm second and then two seconds later I'm second and then two seconds later I'm like, "Okay, I'm over this." Like, I'm like, "Okay, I'm over this." Like, I'm like, "Okay, I'm over this." Like, I'm so over it. I blew my hair out is so over it. I blew my hair out is so over it. I blew my hair out is basically what I'm trying to say. And basically what I'm trying to say. And basically what I'm trying to say. And then I got dressed. So, I'm wearing Let then I got dressed. So, I'm wearing Let then I got dressed. So, I'm wearing Let me show you. Shout out to H&M. We're me show you. Shout out to H&M. We're me show you. Shout out to H&M. We're doing another brown and butter yellow doing another brown and butter yellow doing another brown and butter yellow kind of look. Uh, this entire outfit is kind of look. Uh, this entire outfit is kind of look. Uh, this entire outfit is from H&M. Um, I got the skirt. This kind from H&M. Um, I got the skirt. This kind from H&M. Um, I got the skirt. This kind of reminds me of that Helsa skirt that I of reminds me of that Helsa skirt that I of reminds me of that Helsa skirt that I wore. Where did I speak? Y'all know what wore. Where did I speak? Y'all know what wore. Where did I speak? Y'all know what I'm talking about. I wore a Helsa skirt I'm talking about. I wore a Helsa skirt I'm talking about. I wore a Helsa skirt that's really similar to this, but way that's really similar to this, but way that's really similar to this, but way more expensive, but the vibes are kind more expensive, but the vibes are kind more expensive, but the vibes are kind of the same. And then I just have on of the same. And then I just have on of the same. And then I just have on this little yellow like t-shirt. If I this little yellow like t-shirt. If I this little yellow like t-shirt. If I was in the States, I will pull my belly was in the States, I will pull my belly was in the States, I will pull my belly out, but need to be conductive. And then out, but need to be conductive. And then out, but need to be conductive. And then I just have on my brown accessories, the I just have on my brown accessories, the I just have on my brown accessories, the Bonois lookalike from Amazon, and then Bonois lookalike from Amazon, and then Bonois lookalike from Amazon, and then these little like gem brown tiger's eye these little like gem brown tiger's eye these little like gem brown tiger's eye from Revolve. So, that is what I'm from Revolve. So, that is what I'm from Revolve. So, that is what I'm wearing. And then for perfume, I'm wearing. And then for perfume, I'm wearing. And then for perfume, I'm wearing um Anniversary by wearing um Anniversary by wearing um Anniversary by love this. That is what I'm wearing. So, love this. That is what I'm wearing. So, love this. That is what I'm wearing. So, let's get out of here because I am way let's get out of here because I am way let's get out of here because I am way way way behind. Me and Essie were way way behind. Me and Essie were way way behind. Me and Essie were supposed to have met up like 2 hours ago supposed to have met up like 2 hours ago supposed to have met up like 2 hours ago when we both were like, "I'm still when we both were like, "I'm still when we both were like, "I'm still working. I'm still doing this. Can I see working. I'm still doing this. Can I see working. I'm still doing this. Can I see you in a second?" So, yeah. you in a second?" So, yeah. you in a second?" So, yeah. >> Hi, Essie. Hi, Essie. [laughter] >> Hi, Essie. Hi, Essie. [laughter] >> Hi, Essie. Hi, Essie. [laughter] >> It's really windy, but we made it to the >> It's really windy, but we made it to the >> It's really windy, but we made it to the Gold District or Golden Diamond Park. Gold District or Golden Diamond Park. Gold District or Golden Diamond Park. There we go. There we go. There we go. >> You want diamonds and you don't want to >> You want diamonds and you don't want to >> You want diamonds and you don't want to pay anything too crazy, pay anything too crazy, pay anything too crazy, >> this is where you come. >> this is where you come. >> this is where you come. >> And gold apparently, too. So, >> And gold apparently, too. So, >> And gold apparently, too. So, >> we're going to go in, get this ring, get >> we're going to go in, get this ring, get >> we're going to go in, get this ring, get our jewelry cleaned, and then go get our jewelry cleaned, and then go get our jewelry cleaned, and then go get some food. Are you hungry? some food. Are you hungry? some food. Are you hungry? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Always hungry. >> Always hungry. >> Always hungry. >> So, there's just like tons of stores >> So, there's just like tons of stores >> So, there's just like tons of stores that you can come in and get your stuff. that you can come in and get your stuff. that you can come in and get your stuff. >> Yeah. It's like, wow, I've never been >> Yeah. It's like, wow, I've never been >> Yeah. It's like, wow, I've never been over here at all. We got our rings back. over here at all. We got our rings back. over here at all. We got our rings back. Look at how much shinier now. Jeez, Look at how much shinier now. Jeez, Look at how much shinier now. Jeez, >> she's stunning. She's a pretty girl. >> she's stunning. She's a pretty girl. >> she's stunning. She's a pretty girl. >> Literally, cuz they were [clears throat] >> Literally, cuz they were [clears throat] >> Literally, cuz they were [clears throat] looking pretty mad. looking pretty mad. looking pretty mad. It is so shiny, Essie. It is so shiny, Essie. It is so shiny, Essie. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Yes. And your band, too. >> Yes. And your band, too. >> Yes. And your band, too. >> Gorgeous. >> Gorgeous. >> Gorgeous. >> Wow. All right. Me and Essie are going >> Wow. All right. Me and Essie are going >> Wow. All right. Me and Essie are going to get a seafood boil. to get a seafood boil. to get a seafood boil. >> My first time trying Mr. Crab. >> My first time trying Mr. Crab. >> My first time trying Mr. Crab. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Hopefully, it's good. I >> Hopefully, it's good. I >> Hopefully, it's good. I >> Britney put me on to here and it is so >> Britney put me on to here and it is so >> Britney put me on to here and it is so good. And I'm craving a seafood boil. good. And I'm craving a seafood boil. good. And I'm craving a seafood boil. So, I'm like, please tell me you want to So, I'm like, please tell me you want to So, I'm like, please tell me you want to be fat with me cuz Essie is always on be fat with me cuz Essie is always on be fat with me cuz Essie is always on her health kick. So luckily she's in the her health kick. So luckily she's in the her health kick. So luckily she's in the mood to mood to mood to >> be a bit indulgent with me. So uh we're >> be a bit indulgent with me. So uh we're >> be a bit indulgent with me. So uh we're going to this place called Mr. Krab. If going to this place called Mr. Krab. If going to this place called Mr. Krab. If you're ever in you're ever in you're ever in >> Dubai >> Dubai >> Dubai >> Dubai and you are looking for a good >> Dubai and you are looking for a good >> Dubai and you are looking for a good like legit seafood boil where you can like legit seafood boil where you can like legit seafood boil where you can come. Okay, so we've officially made it come. Okay, so we've officially made it come. Okay, so we've officially made it inside. Essie and I are so excited. We inside. Essie and I are so excited. We inside. Essie and I are so excited. We got our teas. So this is a peach iced got our teas. So this is a peach iced got our teas. So this is a peach iced tea. When I tell y'all Britney really tea. When I tell y'all Britney really tea. When I tell y'all Britney really put me onto this place. She put me onto put me onto this place. She put me onto put me onto this place. She put me onto this tea. She put me like she put me on. this tea. She put me like she put me on. this tea. She put me like she put me on. And then Essie got a lemon iced tea. Are And then Essie got a lemon iced tea. Are And then Essie got a lemon iced tea. Are we gonna do our cheers? Wait. we gonna do our cheers? Wait. we gonna do our cheers? Wait. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> We look in the eyes. >> We look in the eyes. >> We look in the eyes. >> That's right. >> That's right. >> That's right. >> Seven years of bad sex. [laughter] >> Seven years of bad sex. [laughter] >> Seven years of bad sex. [laughter] >> No. Cheers. There we go. >> No. Cheers. There we go. >> No. Cheers. There we go. Okay. How is it? Okay. How is it? Okay. How is it? Oh, she's still sipping. So, it's good. Oh, she's still sipping. So, it's good. Oh, she's still sipping. So, it's good. >> No peach in mine. All syrup. Oh, it's so >> No peach in mine. All syrup. Oh, it's so >> No peach in mine. All syrup. Oh, it's so good. good. good. >> So good, guys. >> So good, guys. >> So good, guys. >> Okay, so I was telling Essie, I always >> Okay, so I was telling Essie, I always >> Okay, so I was telling Essie, I always do like a build my own like seafood do like a build my own like seafood do like a build my own like seafood boil. So, I get snow crab cuz that's boil. So, I get snow crab cuz that's boil. So, I get snow crab cuz that's just like my preference on crab, but just like my preference on crab, but just like my preference on crab, but they also have like king crab if you they also have like king crab if you they also have like king crab if you prefer that. prefer that. prefer that. >> I don't know the difference, you know. >> I don't know the difference, you know. >> I don't know the difference, you know. >> Oh, usually I'll just do like whatever >> Oh, usually I'll just do like whatever >> Oh, usually I'll just do like whatever it comes with. it comes with. it comes with. >> You can do that, too. I think they have >> You can do that, too. I think they have >> You can do that, too. I think they have >> Oh, shoot. I think they have um like >> Oh, shoot. I think they have um like >> Oh, shoot. I think they have um like pre-made ones though, like if you don't pre-made ones though, like if you don't pre-made ones though, like if you don't like to select. like to select. like to select. >> Okay. Yeah, >> Okay. Yeah, >> Okay. Yeah, >> like I think if you go back to the top >> like I think if you go back to the top >> like I think if you go back to the top >> or wait, hold on, let me see. Yeah, like >> or wait, hold on, let me see. Yeah, like >> or wait, hold on, let me see. Yeah, like here. Okay, so these are already made. here. Okay, so these are already made. here. Okay, so these are already made. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Oh my god, these are huge. >> Oh my god, these are huge. >> Oh my god, these are huge. >> Oh my god. >> Oh my god. >> Oh my god. >> I don't think you want that. Those are >> I don't think you want that. Those are >> I don't think you want that. Those are like massive. I'm not going to lie. like massive. I'm not going to lie. like massive. I'm not going to lie. That's a lot of food. That's a lot of food. That's a lot of food. >> It is. Look at the size of that. >> It is. Look at the size of that. >> It is. Look at the size of that. >> Yeah. If we were sharing it, >> Yeah. If we were sharing it, >> Yeah. If we were sharing it, >> which we could have, but I just know I >> which we could have, but I just know I >> which we could have, but I just know I don't want half the stuff that come in don't want half the stuff that come in don't want half the stuff that come in that. Let me see. Like I don't like king that. Let me see. Like I don't like king that. Let me see. Like I don't like king crab personally. Well, I don't dislike crab personally. Well, I don't dislike crab personally. Well, I don't dislike king crab. king crab. king crab. >> Usually I just get lobster tail, >> Usually I just get lobster tail, >> Usually I just get lobster tail, whatever crab teeth. whatever crab teeth. whatever crab teeth. >> Okay. Wait, I don't even know if they >> Okay. Wait, I don't even know if they >> Okay. Wait, I don't even know if they have lobster. Yeah, they do. They do. I have lobster. Yeah, they do. They do. I have lobster. Yeah, they do. They do. I still still still >> They do. See? Yeah. So, I [music] don't >> They do. See? Yeah. So, I [music] don't >> They do. See? Yeah. So, I [music] don't even do lobster. even do lobster. even do lobster. >> You don't do lobster? >> You don't do lobster? >> You don't do lobster? >> Mm- I just do snow crab, shrimp, and >> Mm- I just do snow crab, shrimp, and >> Mm- I just do snow crab, shrimp, and sometimes I'll do muscles, but I don't sometimes I'll do muscles, but I don't sometimes I'll do muscles, but I don't think I'm going to do muscles today. think I'm going to do muscles today. think I'm going to do muscles today. >> Snow crab is this one. >> Snow crab is this one. >> Snow crab is this one. >> This is one you typically see in a >> This is one you typically see in a >> This is one you typically see in a seafood boil. But you'll also see king seafood boil. But you'll also see king seafood boil. But you'll also see king crab, which is the giant one. crab, which is the giant one. crab, which is the giant one. >> A little spike on it. >> A little spike on it. >> A little spike on it. >> Yeah, they're huge. I do the Cajun just >> Yeah, they're huge. I do the Cajun just >> Yeah, they're huge. I do the Cajun just like the OG. Yep. And I get it. like the OG. Yep. And I get it. like the OG. Yep. And I get it. >> They have as well. Oh, but you know what >> They have as well. Oh, but you know what >> They have as well. Oh, but you know what I do that's different? I do that's different? I do that's different? >> So, no. Well, I get it I get my sauce on >> So, no. Well, I get it I get my sauce on >> So, no. Well, I get it I get my sauce on the side, not on top of everything the side, not on top of everything the side, not on top of everything because So, to me, yes, because I find because So, to me, yes, because I find because So, to me, yes, because I find it to be so messy and I'm like, why do I it to be so messy and I'm like, why do I it to be so messy and I'm like, why do I want a bunch of sauce on the shells? want a bunch of sauce on the shells? want a bunch of sauce on the shells? >> But that's me. That's amazing. But most >> But that's me. That's amazing. But most >> But that's me. That's amazing. But most people don't do that. Whenever I do people don't do that. Whenever I do people don't do that. Whenever I do that, people think I'm insane. that, people think I'm insane. that, people think I'm insane. >> No, no, that's not. But then again, but >> No, no, that's not. But then again, but >> No, no, that's not. But then again, but then you have a dry seafood boil. then you have a dry seafood boil. then you have a dry seafood boil. >> But, you know, they don't cook your >> But, you know, they don't cook your >> But, you know, they don't cook your seafood in the sauce. They steam your seafood in the sauce. They steam your seafood in the sauce. They steam your seafood seafood seafood >> and then they put the sauce on top. So >> and then they put the sauce on top. So >> and then they put the sauce on top. So it literally You get me? You get me? it literally You get me? You get me? it literally You get me? You get me? Whenever I say that, people literally Whenever I say that, people literally Whenever I say that, people literally look at me like I'm insane. And they're look at me like I'm insane. And they're look at me like I'm insane. And they're like, "What the hell?" But you get way like, "What the hell?" But you get way like, "What the hell?" But you get way more sauce, too. And it's less messy in more sauce, too. And it's less messy in more sauce, too. And it's less messy in my opinion. my opinion. my opinion. >> They didn't have sausage last time I >> They didn't have sausage last time I >> They didn't have sausage last time I came. came. came. >> Put corn on the corn. Or do I have that? >> Put corn on the corn. Or do I have that? >> Put corn on the corn. Or do I have that? >> I think it comes with the corn and the >> I think it comes with the corn and the >> I think it comes with the corn and the um potatoes. um potatoes. um potatoes. >> Yeah. And then you can have some of my >> Yeah. And then you can have some of my >> Yeah. And then you can have some of my crab if you want some. Yeah. I don't crab if you want some. Yeah. I don't crab if you want some. Yeah. I don't mind sharing. mind sharing. mind sharing. >> Potatoes. >> Potatoes. >> Potatoes. >> This would be so good. I hope you love >> This would be so good. I hope you love >> This would be so good. I hope you love it. it. it. >> Be cool. But the garlic butter sounds so >> Be cool. But the garlic butter sounds so >> Be cool. But the garlic butter sounds so good, too. good, too. good, too. >> Ask for both. You can probably get one >> Ask for both. You can probably get one >> Ask for both. You can probably get one on the side or like you get what I'm on the side or like you get what I'm on the side or like you get what I'm saying. saying. saying. >> Garlic bottle to dip. Yeah, that sounds >> Garlic bottle to dip. Yeah, that sounds >> Garlic bottle to dip. Yeah, that sounds good. good. good. >> Can I do a build your own [music] crab >> Can I do a build your own [music] crab >> Can I do a build your own [music] crab crab bonanza? Can I do um snow crab, crab bonanza? Can I do um snow crab, crab bonanza? Can I do um snow crab, please? 500 g. And then can I also do um please? 500 g. And then can I also do um please? 500 g. And then can I also do um 250 g of shrimp. And then um can I add 250 g of shrimp. And then um can I add 250 g of shrimp. And then um can I add sausage? Do you have sausage? sausage? Do you have sausage? sausage? Do you have sausage? >> You're still out of sausage? Do you guys >> You're still out of sausage? Do you guys >> You're still out of sausage? Do you guys no longer you just don't have sausage? no longer you just don't have sausage? no longer you just don't have sausage? >> Oh, you do? Just not today. Oh my god. >> Oh, you do? Just not today. Oh my god. >> Oh, you do? Just not today. Oh my god. Last time I came it was out, too. Okay. Last time I came it was out, too. Okay. Last time I came it was out, too. Okay. But it comes with um corn and potato and But it comes with um corn and potato and But it comes with um corn and potato and then rice. then rice. then rice. >> Okay. And then can I do the Cajun? >> Okay. And then can I do the Cajun? >> Okay. And then can I do the Cajun? >> Yes. But can I get it on the side? >> Yes. But can I get it on the side? >> Yes. But can I get it on the side? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Would you like it spicy or spicy? Mild, >> Would you like it spicy or spicy? Mild, >> Would you like it spicy or spicy? Mild, medium, or wild spicy? medium, or wild spicy? medium, or wild spicy? >> Um, medium. >> Um, medium. >> Um, medium. >> Medium. Yes. I think that's it for me >> Medium. Yes. I think that's it for me >> Medium. Yes. I think that's it for me for now. [music] for now. [music] for now. [music] >> Are we good? Yeah. >> Are we good? Yeah. >> Are we good? Yeah. >> Thank you. the garlic butter. >> Thank you. the garlic butter. >> Thank you. the garlic butter. >> Oh, amazing. >> Oh, amazing. >> Oh, amazing. This one's medium and this one's mild. This one's medium and this one's mild. This one's medium and this one's mild. >> Yeah, this is medium. The small one, >> Yeah, this is medium. The small one, >> Yeah, this is medium. The small one, this is mild. this is mild. this is mild. >> Oh, okay. >> Oh, okay. >> Oh, okay. >> Yeah, I'll bring them. [music] >> Yeah, I'll bring them. [music] >> Yeah, I'll bring them. [music] >> Oh my god, this is so weird seeing it >> Oh my god, this is so weird seeing it >> Oh my god, this is so weird seeing it like this. like this. like this. >> Oh my god. >> Oh my god. >> Oh my god. >> Oh, do you need them? >> Oh, do you need them? >> Oh, do you need them? >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Okay, I'll tell them. >> Okay, I'll tell them. >> Okay, I'll tell them. >> No, I'm just using my hands. >> No, I'm just using my hands. >> No, I'm just using my hands. >> I've never seen it like this in my life. >> I've never seen it like this in my life. >> I've never seen it like this in my life. >> Never? >> Never? >> Never? >> No. >> No. >> No. >> Wait, like just plain? Is that what you >> Wait, like just plain? Is that what you >> Wait, like just plain? Is that what you mean? No, as in like this is this is a mean? No, as in like this is this is a mean? No, as in like this is this is a serious lock. This is serious lock. This is serious lock. This is >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> This is a secret world. >> This is a secret world. >> This is a secret world. >> Food is here, guys. Can you see it? >> Food is here, guys. Can you see it? >> Food is here, guys. Can you see it? >> How How do you eat without the cut >> How How do you eat without the cut >> How How do you eat without the cut thing? thing? thing? >> Oh, I forgot to tell him. >> Oh, I forgot to tell him. >> Oh, I forgot to tell him. >> Oh, yeah. >> Oh, yeah. >> Oh, yeah. >> Yeah, literally. What were we talking >> Yeah, literally. What were we talking >> Yeah, literally. What were we talking about with them? about with them? about with them? >> Scary. >> Scary. >> Scary. >> You're like, how do you eat it without >> You're like, how do you eat it without >> You're like, how do you eat it without it? it? it? >> Opened it for me. >> Opened it for me. >> Opened it for me. >> They did open it cuz for me, I literally >> They did open it cuz for me, I literally >> They did open it cuz for me, I literally am like a just crack. am like a just crack. am like a just crack. >> Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah. No, it's not bad. >> Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah. No, it's not bad. >> Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah. No, it's not bad. All right, y'all. We are back home. Uh, All right, y'all. We are back home. Uh, All right, y'all. We are back home. Uh, sorry about the lines on the screen. sorry about the lines on the screen. sorry about the lines on the screen. Y'all know auto lights on Dubai B LED is Y'all know auto lights on Dubai B LED is Y'all know auto lights on Dubai B LED is crazy. So, clearly I have showered, crazy. So, clearly I have showered, crazy. So, clearly I have showered, cleaned myself up. As soon as I got in cleaned myself up. As soon as I got in cleaned myself up. As soon as I got in the house, I was like, I need to do this the house, I was like, I need to do this the house, I was like, I need to do this now or it will be a task for me. I'm now or it will be a task for me. I'm now or it will be a task for me. I'm hitting the stage of very tired. I'm hitting the stage of very tired. I'm hitting the stage of very tired. I'm very, very tired all the time. So, me very, very tired all the time. So, me very, very tired all the time. So, me and Essie had a great time. The the gold and Essie had a great time. The the gold and Essie had a great time. The the gold park or golden diamond park was park or golden diamond park was park or golden diamond park was successful. Um, we got my ring. Well, successful. Um, we got my ring. Well, successful. Um, we got my ring. Well, not my ring. I got the ring. And it's so not my ring. I got the ring. And it's so not my ring. I got the ring. And it's so funny because you negotiate when you're funny because you negotiate when you're funny because you negotiate when you're there. Like the whole purpose is to go there. Like the whole purpose is to go there. Like the whole purpose is to go in there and like bargain and like and in there and like bargain and like and in there and like bargain and like and that is just not my vibe, y'all. I'm an that is just not my vibe, y'all. I'm an that is just not my vibe, y'all. I'm an easy lick. I'm not going to lie. Unless easy lick. I'm not going to lie. Unless easy lick. I'm not going to lie. Unless I like know what I'm talking about. Oh, I like know what I'm talking about. Oh, I like know what I'm talking about. Oh, you can get you can get a price up out you can get you can get a price up out you can get you can get a price up out of me, babes. of me, babes. of me, babes. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> So, thank God Essie was with me because >> So, thank God Essie was with me because >> So, thank God Essie was with me because the first place we went to was trying to the first place we went to was trying to the first place we went to was trying to charge me $7,500 charge me $7,500 charge me $7,500 Durham, which is like $2,000 Durham, which is like $2,000 Durham, which is like $2,000 for a plain gold men's wedding band. for a plain gold men's wedding band. for a plain gold men's wedding band. Like 18 car 18 carats. I was like, Like 18 car 18 carats. I was like, Like 18 car 18 carats. I was like, that's crazy. Like, no. Anyways, we that's crazy. Like, no. Anyways, we that's crazy. Like, no. Anyways, we ended up getting one at basically like ended up getting one at basically like ended up getting one at basically like half less than half the price from half less than half the price from half less than half the price from another one like from another gold shop another one like from another gold shop another one like from another gold shop in there. All worked out. Oh my god, I in there. All worked out. Oh my god, I in there. All worked out. Oh my god, I didn't order my cookie. I'm not going to didn't order my cookie. I'm not going to didn't order my cookie. I'm not going to bed, y'all. I'm about to like just bed, y'all. I'm about to like just bed, y'all. I'm about to like just chill. It's very early still. It's chill. It's very early still. It's chill. It's very early still. It's literally like 7:00. I'm just in the literally like 7:00. I'm just in the literally like 7:00. I'm just in the bed. Well, it's not 7:00. It's 8:00. I'm bed. Well, it's not 7:00. It's 8:00. I'm bed. Well, it's not 7:00. It's 8:00. I'm just in the bed because girl, what else just in the bed because girl, what else just in the bed because girl, what else I always want to do? I'm in the bed. I I always want to do? I'm in the bed. I I always want to do? I'm in the bed. I got my word search book. I got this from got my word search book. I got this from got my word search book. I got this from the bookstore the other day. Let me see. the bookstore the other day. Let me see. the bookstore the other day. Let me see. What number am I on? I'm on number 54. What number am I on? I'm on number 54. What number am I on? I'm on number 54. So, yeah, I've just been doing like So, yeah, I've just been doing like So, yeah, I've just been doing like word. Oh, actually I'm on 58 cuz I word. Oh, actually I'm on 58 cuz I word. Oh, actually I'm on 58 cuz I finished 56. So, I just be doing like finished 56. So, I just be doing like finished 56. So, I just be doing like word puzzles or like word searches and word puzzles or like word searches and word puzzles or like word searches and y'all know I like little puzzles and y'all know I like little puzzles and y'all know I like little puzzles and stuff like that cuz I just be in a house stuff like that cuz I just be in a house stuff like that cuz I just be in a house and in a house bored. So, I'm like I and in a house bored. So, I'm like I and in a house bored. So, I'm like I need something to do. So, I just be need something to do. So, I just be need something to do. So, I just be doing these. It's very calming and doing these. It's very calming and doing these. It's very calming and relaxing. I have my Kindle here cuz I'm relaxing. I have my Kindle here cuz I'm relaxing. I have my Kindle here cuz I'm going to read a little bit. I started going to read a little bit. I started going to read a little bit. I started reading. Hold on. Me, Mallerie, and reading. Hold on. Me, Mallerie, and reading. Hold on. Me, Mallerie, and Alexis are all reading this book. Y'all Alexis are all reading this book. Y'all Alexis are all reading this book. Y'all know my two best friends. Um, we're know my two best friends. Um, we're know my two best friends. Um, we're reading The Revelation of Dion Daphne. reading The Revelation of Dion Daphne. reading The Revelation of Dion Daphne. Um, Mallerie picked this book out. So, Um, Mallerie picked this book out. So, Um, Mallerie picked this book out. So, we've been reading that. I've also been we've been reading that. I've also been we've been reading that. I've also been reading like other like books for like reading like other like books for like reading like other like books for like pregnancy and like having a baby and pregnancy and like having a baby and pregnancy and like having a baby and stuff, but this is like my like casual stuff, but this is like my like casual stuff, but this is like my like casual go-to read right now. So, it's been very go-to read right now. So, it's been very go-to read right now. So, it's been very good. So, I have that going. And then good. So, I have that going. And then good. So, I have that going. And then I'm ordering a cookie skillet. Y'all, I'm ordering a cookie skillet. Y'all, I'm ordering a cookie skillet. Y'all, there's this place. I love their there's this place. I love their there's this place. I love their cookies. I'm talking love their cookies cookies. I'm talking love their cookies cookies. I'm talking love their cookies down. They're so good. And I thought I I down. They're so good. And I thought I I down. They're so good. And I thought I I wanted to order it before I got in the wanted to order it before I got in the wanted to order it before I got in the shower so it would be here by the time I shower so it would be here by the time I shower so it would be here by the time I got out of the shower, but I forgot. So got out of the shower, but I forgot. So got out of the shower, but I forgot. So yeah, girl. It's like a big old yeah, girl. It's like a big old yeah, girl. It's like a big old chocolate chip cookie. And it comes with chocolate chip cookie. And it comes with chocolate chip cookie. And it comes with a scoop of ice cream, but I always get a scoop of ice cream, but I always get a scoop of ice cream, but I always get an extra scoop of ice cream because the an extra scoop of ice cream because the an extra scoop of ice cream because the one little scoop don't be enough. I'm one little scoop don't be enough. I'm one little scoop don't be enough. I'm sorry. So extra ice cream. Like it's so sorry. So extra ice cream. Like it's so sorry. So extra ice cream. Like it's so good, y'all. It is so good. So I'm going good, y'all. It is so good. So I'm going good, y'all. It is so good. So I'm going to tear that up. And before you start to tear that up. And before you start to tear that up. And before you start Yeah. I'm going eat the whole thing by Yeah. I'm going eat the whole thing by Yeah. I'm going eat the whole thing by myself. Leave me alone at my drawers. My myself. Leave me alone at my drawers. My myself. Leave me alone at my drawers. My dress. Let me check out right now. Oh, dress. Let me check out right now. Oh, dress. Let me check out right now. Oh, hold on. Let me get some extra cookies hold on. Let me get some extra cookies hold on. Let me get some extra cookies cuz I know he going. So, yeah. Y'all, me cuz I know he going. So, yeah. Y'all, me cuz I know he going. So, yeah. Y'all, me and Essie had a good old time. And then and Essie had a good old time. And then and Essie had a good old time. And then I took her to Mr. Krab. Um, I don't know I took her to Mr. Krab. Um, I don't know I took her to Mr. Krab. Um, I don't know if I've ever vlogged at Mr. Krab before, if I've ever vlogged at Mr. Krab before, if I've ever vlogged at Mr. Krab before, but Britney took me there maybe like a but Britney took me there maybe like a but Britney took me there maybe like a year and a half, two years ago when I year and a half, two years ago when I year and a half, two years ago when I like first got to Dubai. Me and her went like first got to Dubai. Me and her went like first got to Dubai. Me and her went there cuz I was like, "Dang, I would there cuz I was like, "Dang, I would there cuz I was like, "Dang, I would love a seafood boil." And Britney loves love a seafood boil." And Britney loves love a seafood boil." And Britney loves seafood boils. Y'all know she's from the seafood boils. Y'all know she's from the seafood boils. Y'all know she's from the south. So, Britney loves a good seafood south. So, Britney loves a good seafood south. So, Britney loves a good seafood boil. So, she took me there and I was boil. So, she took me there and I was boil. So, she took me there and I was like, "No, it's actually like really like, "No, it's actually like really like, "No, it's actually like really good." I was surprised. But they haven't good." I was surprised. But they haven't good." I was surprised. But they haven't had sausage the last two times that I've had sausage the last two times that I've had sausage the last two times that I've been cuz I literally just went there been cuz I literally just went there been cuz I literally just went there like a week and a half, two weeks ago. like a week and a half, two weeks ago. like a week and a half, two weeks ago. The heart want what it want. I can't The heart want what it want. I can't The heart want what it want. I can't help it. Okay, but listen. So, I took help it. Okay, but listen. So, I took help it. Okay, but listen. So, I took Essie cuz she's only ever had a seafood Essie cuz she's only ever had a seafood Essie cuz she's only ever had a seafood boil in London. And I'm not going to boil in London. And I'm not going to boil in London. And I'm not going to lie, I was like, "Girl, I don't know if lie, I was like, "Girl, I don't know if lie, I was like, "Girl, I don't know if that's like, you know, like a real that's like, you know, like a real that's like, you know, like a real seafood. So, let me take you." But seafood. So, let me take you." But seafood. So, let me take you." But anyway, she really liked it. She got anyway, she really liked it. She got anyway, she really liked it. She got lobster and shrimp and we got like corn lobster and shrimp and we got like corn lobster and shrimp and we got like corn potatoes, the whole shebang. And then potatoes, the whole shebang. And then potatoes, the whole shebang. And then you guys seen and I think I told you you guys seen and I think I told you you guys seen and I think I told you basically I always get my sauce on the basically I always get my sauce on the basically I always get my sauce on the side and anytime I take a picture of my side and anytime I take a picture of my side and anytime I take a picture of my seafood boil like that, people are seafood boil like that, people are seafood boil like that, people are always like, "Why would you do that?" always like, "Why would you do that?" always like, "Why would you do that?" Y'all, when you go to these places, Y'all, when you go to these places, Y'all, when you go to these places, they're not cooking your seafood in the they're not cooking your seafood in the they're not cooking your seafood in the sauce. You know that, right? They steam sauce. You know that, right? They steam sauce. You know that, right? They steam your seafood and they just pour the your seafood and they just pour the your seafood and they just pour the sauce on top. Why do I want my sauce all sauce on top. Why do I want my sauce all sauce on top. Why do I want my sauce all over the shells that I'm not about to over the shells that I'm not about to over the shells that I'm not about to eat? It just make everything messy. I eat? It just make everything messy. I eat? It just make everything messy. I mean, it look good. Don't get me wrong, mean, it look good. Don't get me wrong, mean, it look good. Don't get me wrong, it be looking good, but it makes no it be looking good, but it makes no it be looking good, but it makes no sense. In my personal opinion, I don't sense. In my personal opinion, I don't sense. In my personal opinion, I don't want my sauce all over the shells. I want my sauce all over the shells. I want my sauce all over the shells. I don't even like putting shells in my don't even like putting shells in my don't even like putting shells in my mouth for real. For real, you know. mouth for real. For real, you know. mouth for real. For real, you know. Yeah. Anyways, I don't want my sauce all Yeah. Anyways, I don't want my sauce all Yeah. Anyways, I don't want my sauce all over my shells. So, I get my sauce on over my shells. So, I get my sauce on over my shells. So, I get my sauce on the side. I crack open all my stuff. If the side. I crack open all my stuff. If the side. I crack open all my stuff. If you really if you're really smart with you really if you're really smart with you really if you're really smart with it, see, I'll be too hungry for this. it, see, I'll be too hungry for this. it, see, I'll be too hungry for this. But there are days where I'm patient. If But there are days where I'm patient. If But there are days where I'm patient. If you're really smart with it, you'll peel you're really smart with it, you'll peel you're really smart with it, you'll peel and crack all your crab, all your and crack all your crab, all your and crack all your crab, all your shrimp, and then all you do is dip and shrimp, and then all you do is dip and shrimp, and then all you do is dip and eat and you're done. Dip and eat and eat and you're done. Dip and eat and eat and you're done. Dip and eat and you're done. It's so great. But I do you're done. It's so great. But I do you're done. It's so great. But I do like to like break my potatoes up and I like to like break my potatoes up and I like to like break my potatoes up and I let them soak in the sauce while I'm let them soak in the sauce while I'm let them soak in the sauce while I'm like breaking up everything. Oh, it was like breaking up everything. Oh, it was like breaking up everything. Oh, it was so good. It was so good. [laughter] so good. It was so good. [laughter] so good. It was so good. [laughter] It was really, really good. And that It was really, really good. And that It was really, really good. And that peach iced tea, baby. But now I'm peach iced tea, baby. But now I'm peach iced tea, baby. But now I'm regretting it. That was so much sodium. regretting it. That was so much sodium. regretting it. That was so much sodium. So I'm like, I need to I'm about to So I'm like, I need to I'm about to So I'm like, I need to I'm about to drink like 10 of these before bed. Okay, drink like 10 of these before bed. Okay, drink like 10 of these before bed. Okay, I'm being dramatic. Like five of them. I I'm being dramatic. Like five of them. I I'm being dramatic. Like five of them. I already know I need to pop two of these already know I need to pop two of these already know I need to pop two of these TS before I lay my butt down TS before I lay my butt down TS before I lay my butt down cuz I got real bad heartburn lately. So cuz I got real bad heartburn lately. So cuz I got real bad heartburn lately. So let's go ahead and wrap these up. Y'all let's go ahead and wrap these up. Y'all let's go ahead and wrap these up. Y'all know it's crazy. Okay, side note. I know it's crazy. Okay, side note. I know it's crazy. Okay, side note. I don't know if you've ever eaten a tum. don't know if you've ever eaten a tum. don't know if you've ever eaten a tum. They're like fruit flavored and [snorts] They're like fruit flavored and [snorts] They're like fruit flavored and [snorts] they're chalky. they're chalky. they're chalky. And I'm going to tell you right now, I And I'm going to tell you right now, I And I'm going to tell you right now, I could eat a whole jar of this like could eat a whole jar of this like could eat a whole jar of this like candy. I have to literally restrain candy. I have to literally restrain candy. I have to literally restrain myself myself myself like from eating these. They're so good like from eating these. They're so good like from eating these. They're so good to me. I don't know if I'm the only one. to me. I don't know if I'm the only one. to me. I don't know if I'm the only one. Does anybody else like the way Tums Does anybody else like the way Tums Does anybody else like the way Tums taste? [snorts] And it's really the taste? [snorts] And it's really the taste? [snorts] And it's really the texture. It's like that chalky. You ever texture. It's like that chalky. You ever texture. It's like that chalky. You ever You know them peppermints? Those really You know them peppermints? Those really You know them peppermints? Those really fat peppermints fat peppermints fat peppermints that are like chalky? that are like chalky? that are like chalky? I want that but in a fruit flavor like I want that but in a fruit flavor like I want that but in a fruit flavor like this. Like I would sit here and [snorts] this. Like I would sit here and [snorts] this. Like I would sit here and [snorts] devour it. And people have told me like, devour it. And people have told me like, devour it. And people have told me like, "Oh, Smarties. Smarties just aren't "Oh, Smarties. Smarties just aren't "Oh, Smarties. Smarties just aren't chalky enough. Like the texture is not chalky enough. Like the texture is not chalky enough. Like the texture is not the same." And I don't know if there's the same." And I don't know if there's the same." And I don't know if there's something wrong with me that got me something wrong with me that got me something wrong with me that got me wanting like chalky stuff. I know wanting like chalky stuff. I know wanting like chalky stuff. I know somebody going to diagnose me with some somebody going to diagnose me with some somebody going to diagnose me with some in the comments. I know y'all already on in the comments. I know y'all already on in the comments. I know y'all already on it. I ain't even bothered to Google it. it. I ain't even bothered to Google it. it. I ain't even bothered to Google it. I've been trying to Google what candy is I've been trying to Google what candy is I've been trying to Google what candy is a duplicate of Tums. Someone needs to a duplicate of Tums. Someone needs to a duplicate of Tums. Someone needs to make that. I need to make that. That's make that. I need to make that. That's make that. I need to make that. That's my next business venture. I'm about to my next business venture. I'm about to my next business venture. I'm about to make candy Tums. Tums that are candy. No make candy Tums. Tums that are candy. No make candy Tums. Tums that are candy. No medication. medication. medication. So you can sit there and eat it. Cuz So you can sit there and eat it. Cuz So you can sit there and eat it. Cuz what's in this? what's in this? what's in this? Calcium carbonate antacid. See, this is Calcium carbonate antacid. See, this is Calcium carbonate antacid. See, this is the thing. People talk about us in the the thing. People talk about us in the the thing. People talk about us in the US, right? They're like, "Oh, have you US, right? They're like, "Oh, have you US, right? They're like, "Oh, have you ever looked at the labels of the US ever looked at the labels of the US ever looked at the labels of the US stuff?" No. It's because we are legally stuff?" No. It's because we are legally stuff?" No. It's because we are legally required to tell you everything that's required to tell you everything that's required to tell you everything that's in it. Do you know what this ingredient in it. Do you know what this ingredient in it. Do you know what this ingredient says? says? says? Calcium carbonate antacid. Calcium carbonate antacid. Calcium carbonate antacid. Well, yes. [laughter] Well, yes. [laughter] Well, yes. [laughter] Yes. But like what? It doesn't say Yes. But like what? It doesn't say Yes. But like what? It doesn't say anything about flavoring. This that like anything about flavoring. This that like anything about flavoring. This that like this is crazy. So, you don't know what's this is crazy. So, you don't know what's this is crazy. So, you don't know what's in it. It literally does not tell you. in it. It literally does not tell you. in it. It literally does not tell you. Maybe it's Maybe. Let me stop. Hold on. Maybe it's Maybe. Let me stop. Hold on. Maybe it's Maybe. Let me stop. Hold on. Maybe it's back here. Maybe it's back here. Maybe it's back here. No, it's not. No, it's not. No, it's not. It just has its pregnancy warning. It just has its pregnancy warning. It just has its pregnancy warning. Pregnancy. Do not take more than six Pregnancy. Do not take more than six Pregnancy. Do not take more than six doses. doses. doses. I know. [clears throat] Anyways, y'all. I know. [clears throat] Anyways, y'all. I know. [clears throat] Anyways, y'all. So, that's what's going on. I'm going to So, that's what's going on. I'm going to So, that's what's going on. I'm going to eat my cookie, play with my little play eat my cookie, play with my little play eat my cookie, play with my little play my little word search, throw a movie on my little word search, throw a movie on my little word search, throw a movie on or something, read a little bit. Just or something, read a little bit. Just or something, read a little bit. Just chill out until the evening. I actually chill out until the evening. I actually chill out until the evening. I actually think I'm going to end this vlog here think I'm going to end this vlog here think I'm going to end this vlog here cuz how many days has it been? How many cuz how many days has it been? How many cuz how many days has it been? How many days have we been hanging out, y'all? I days have we been hanging out, y'all? I days have we been hanging out, y'all? I know my vlogs have been getting kind of know my vlogs have been getting kind of know my vlogs have been getting kind of like shorter and shorter and shorter. like shorter and shorter and shorter. like shorter and shorter and shorter. [laughter] Well, not shorter and shorter [laughter] Well, not shorter and shorter [laughter] Well, not shorter and shorter and shorter, but I do know they haven't and shorter, but I do know they haven't and shorter, but I do know they haven't been like the typical like hour and a been like the typical like hour and a been like the typical like hour and a half, hour, whatever. Big y'all, I'm half, hour, whatever. Big y'all, I'm half, hour, whatever. Big y'all, I'm tired. I'm not even going to hold you. tired. I'm not even going to hold you. tired. I'm not even going to hold you. Big mama tired. I'm doing my best. All Big mama tired. I'm doing my best. All Big mama tired. I'm doing my best. All right. And we're not doing that much if right. And we're not doing that much if right. And we're not doing that much if I'm being quite honest with you. So, and I'm being quite honest with you. So, and I'm being quite honest with you. So, and I'm not going to just bore y'all by like I'm not going to just bore y'all by like I'm not going to just bore y'all by like yapping all damn day. So, anyho, um yapping all damn day. So, anyho, um yapping all damn day. So, anyho, um please forgive me if the vlogs are a bit please forgive me if the vlogs are a bit please forgive me if the vlogs are a bit shorter, but I feel like they're short shorter, but I feel like they're short shorter, but I feel like they're short and sweet. It's all things that we're and sweet. It's all things that we're and sweet. It's all things that we're actually like out and doing. So, that's actually like out and doing. So, that's actually like out and doing. So, that's nice. Anywh who, nice. Anywh who, nice. Anywh who, love you guys and I will see you in my love you guys and I will see you in my love you guys and I will see you in my next vlog, which by the way, we're next vlog, which by the way, we're next vlog, which by the way, we're skipping another week. So, we're we're skipping another week. So, we're we're skipping another week. So, we're we're on a bi-weekly schedule, okay? But on a bi-weekly schedule, okay? But on a bi-weekly schedule, okay? But that's I'm doing that so that y'all that's I'm doing that so that y'all that's I'm doing that so that y'all don't have no content for a month. Okay? don't have no content for a month. Okay? don't have no content for a month. Okay? So, I feel like the bi-weekly, So, I feel like the bi-weekly, So, I feel like the bi-weekly, if I post my stuff bi-weekly, if I post my stuff bi-weekly, if I post my stuff bi-weekly, it makes more sense than to just post it it makes more sense than to just post it it makes more sense than to just post it when it's done and then have y'all with when it's done and then have y'all with when it's done and then have y'all with no content for like a month or two. So, no content for like a month or two. So, no content for like a month or two. So, you get me. Okay. Talk to y'all in the you get me. Okay. Talk to y'all in the you get me. Okay. Talk to y'all in the next one. Bye.