Is that my car?
I don't know nothing about none of that.
Hello everybody and welcome to another
weekly vlog. We are back in Dubai. It is
bright and early. I'm talking it's like
okay it's not that early. It's 8:00 in
the morning. If you know, you know. When
I'm in Dubai, I'm never getting up at
like 5 6:00 in the morning. I don't know
why. I don't think I ever have. Yeah,
literally no. Even though today I did
get up pretty early. I got up at like
6:30. But anyh who, we are starting our
day off. We're about to [snorts] go for
our morning walk. Now, here's the thing.
It's 8:00 a.m. and [clears throat] it's
102° outside. Please, please, please,
please, please, please, please, please.
So, that means we are not walking
outside. It's impossible. I mean, maybe
it's not for you, but it's impossible
for me. So, with that being said, we're
going to be walking in the mall. Dubai
does this thing during the summer called
Mathon where they deck out like a track
in the first floor of a few of the malls
so that people can go walk and run in
the mall because it's so hot outside
that you just can't. So that's where
we're going. We're going to go walk to
the mall. It's open from I think 6:00 to
10:00 a.m. So if we start now, I should
be able to get my 10k steps by 10:00
a.m. And then obviously like if the mall
opens, I can still walk around the mall.
We're [clears throat] going to be going
to this mall called the Mall of the
Emirates. It's not as big as the Dubai
Mall, but it's still very large and you
can basically like walk around it a
bunch of times without like looping the
same stores over and over and over and
over and over and over again. So, that's
what we're going to be doing. Fun. I got
my hat on because my hair looks crazy. I
have to redo it today and [snorts] I
would have redid it before we go out,
but I have to film a sponsorship that's
about my hair. We'll talk
[clears throat] about that later. Just
want to show you quickly what I'm
wearing. This two-piece set. I wear this
all the time. these navy like gao pants.
I don't know what we're calling them
now. And then this just top. So, this is
what I'm wearing. It covers me fully.
And then you guys, I have been loving
that Salt and Stone Lily and Uzu spray
that I got in PR in my last video. If
you seen me unbox this, this [snorts]
has been like my shower and like gem
scent. So, I wear it like for example
when I'm about to go on a walk or when
I'm going to bed. Like, it's just so
fresh and clean. It just smells clean.
This isn't like a perfume. I think it's
just like a body mist. Let me see. Yeah,
it's a body mist, so it doesn't last
that long, but it smells so good. I love
it. That's what we're wearing. Let's get
headed to the mall. The thing is is this
is going to be my first time going
during the mathon hours. So, I'm like,
are the cafes open? Can I get a matcha?
What's tea?
All right, guys. So, we are back from
the mall. I know I said that there was a
track. There's no track, but they do
have like a designated path for you to
walk. So, it was cool. I filmed it a
little bit, and the cafes are open, and
that matcha that I got was delish. So,
now it is time for breakfast. So, I
found this recipe from Karina Wolf.
Y'all know I love her stuff. I will link
it down below and I'll put a quick
little poop right here for this like
apricot toast. Now, here's the thing. I
ain't never ate no apricot. I've never
had a fresh apricot. I've only ever had
them dried. So, I'm like, "Okay, so
let's try it." I did get it with
apricots. Like, I'm going to make it
exactly as it's shown. It seems really
simple. So, we're going to try it. So,
let's cook. [music]
Heat.
Okay, breakfast is all done. As you guys
can see, we made the toast. I also have
four pieces of very burnt turkey bacon
cuz that's how I like it. And some eggs.
And then I'm also going to have like a
banana or something. But let's try the
toast. I don't know why I'm so scared to
taste it. I'm like, I don't even think
I've ever had marcophone cheese.
Anyways, this is what [clears throat]
the bite looks like. [snorts]
It's really nice. It's not as sweet as I
thought it was going to be. I thought it
was going to be much sweeter. Although,
she did say you could use peaches if you
wanted it sweeter. Kind of nice.
I'm going to finish my breakfast and
then I will pick you guys up for some
BTS of work stuff. All righty, you guys.
So, I'm about to film for a campaign
that I have with Kenra, which is so
exciting because if you guys have been
following me for a while, then you know
I love Kendra. my hair stylist,
Lelayology, Kalia. She's who put me on
to Kenra and I love their products.
They're so good. Also, I know I look a
little different from before because I
had to wet my hair because you guys
remember in the last vlog how my I got
rained on. I look like a wet
[clears throat] poodle because I get off
of the train to torrential
rain that was not forecasted. I fixed
it. Right. So, my concept for my
sponsorship, I was like, "Oh my god,
this is like perfect." Because I posted
it on Instagram about how like my hair
got rained on. And so, when we did the
sponsorship, I was like, "Wait, I have
the perfect way to like tie these
products in because I use them anyways."
And yeah, so basically, I'm going off
the story of when my hair got rained on
and how I fixed it. So, that is my
concept for today. And I'm literally
just going to film me doing my hair
using the products. So, what else is
really cool about this? I don't know if
I've told you guys this is going to be a
really this is just some behind
thescenes stuff of influencer stuff. If
you don't care, skip forward. But if
you're interested in this industry and
kind of like some outsourcing tidbits,
you might be interested in this. Or if
you're a content creator yourself or
influencer yourself and you didn't know
that this existed, you'll really like
this as well. So, I hired on an agency
that actually helps me with my sponsored
content specifically. They also [snorts]
help me with my affiliate content as
well. However, the campaign work,
sponsorships, they are like a godsend
because I am just naturally not good at
sponsored content. At least in my
opinion, I [snorts] find it just I don't
know, maybe I just overthink it. But as
a girly who started my career just
picking up my camera and go and like
talking and just naturally integrating
my sponsorships, if you guys remember, I
kind of talked about this a little bit
about how the industry has changed so
much to where things are like
commercials now. before like if you've
watched my YouTube like four or five
years ago, it was very different. Brands
wanted seamless integration. They wanted
they didn't want it to come across like
an ad or like a sponsorship. Whereas now
that is what they want. It is a
commercial and you have to make the
commercial, right? That's not my forte.
I ain't never wanted to make no
commercials. I ain't never that's that's
just not what I'm good at, right? So I
have learned in areas where I am not
good, you get help. So I have outsourced
to an agency that really keeps me on top
of my campaign work and my sponsorships.
So they it's kind of like a full-fledged
service. Like if I need them for this
particular campaign, I came up with my
concept because I was like, "Oh my god,
this would be perfect." However, they
will do concepts, meaning they will give
you an idea for the sponsorship. So, if
you're kind of like having a brain fart
and you're like, I don't know how to
like do this, they will concept for you,
meaning they'll create the concept.
They'll send you a shot list. They'll
help you come up with verbiage. They
will literally basically do everything
but film the work. And so, it has helped
me personally with my time management
and just my productivity times a
million. And just specifically with ads,
like that's what I use them for. Yeah,
it's just been so helpful. So, with that
being said, I need to get this filmed
cuz I need to send it to them cuz they
will edit it for me so I don't have to
edit it either. And she does such a good
job. That's what we're doing. So, I have
been filming my sponsorships on my
camera. So, you guys won't get to see me
film this sponsorship because I'm going
to be filming it on the camera that I am
on right now. But, just know that
basically what I do is I kind of create
either me or the agency will create a
shot list, whether that's B-roll or
talking directly to the camera. But, I
know exactly what I'm filming. So, to
start, before I even begin doing my
hair, I'm going to film B-roll of the
products. So, that's going to be like
flatlays and then like maybe some like
spritzing of the product, etc., etc. So,
then I'm like, "Cool, all the product
shots are done. Now, let me film me
actually using it to do the content."
Does that make sense? So, yeah. So, give
me like an hour or something and I will
be back and our hair will look very
different.
Oop. Sorry to interrupt the vlog, guys.
A quick little message from our sponsor
of the day. Shout out to Lancome for
partnering with us on today's video. I
just have to come and talk to you guys
about how I've been getting my makeup to
look so good. So, let's get into it. We
all know and love the Lancome Taunt Doll
Ultra Wear Foundation. I know I do, and
I know you probably do, too. But they've
also recently come out with a new
foundation and it is the new shape stick
foundation. So it's a stick formula
which has amazing benefits. So we're
just going to kind of talk about these
really quick and of course put them on.
But first of course we have to skin
prep. I'm going to be using the Lancome
Geneifi serum. This is just going to
give us a great hydrated plump base to
work with. It feels so good on the skin.
If you've never tried it, you have to
pick it up. What I'm going to do is half
of my face in the Lancome Tanty Dole
Ultraware foundation and then the other
half in the new Lancome Shake Stick
foundation. That way you can kind of
compare the two. See which one you think
is better, you know. Starting with Tanty
Dole Ultra Wear. I have mine in the
shade 405 right now cuz y'all know your
girl is pretty tan right now. One pump
is all I need. And apply directly to the
face. Now, I like to use this foundation
when I know I need my makeup on all day
long. When you need your makeup to last
all day, this is what you pull for. It's
not called ultra wear for nothing. What
I love about it, too, is as longwearing
as it is, and with the coverage that you
get from it, it is still lightweight,
breathable, and looks like skin. When I
know I'm not going to have any time for
a makeup touchup, I have a lot of
filming to do, I'm running around the
city, this is the foundation I'm
grabbing for. And remember, this is
transferproof and sweatproof, so it's
perfect for the summer. Now, let's try
the new shape stick foundation. Now,
what's great about a stick foundation is
you can apply directly to the face, but
for me personally, I like to put these
on the back of my hand first and then go
in with my brush. However, if you're on
the go or you just don't want to get
your hands messy, you can go straight in
on the face. So, again, taking that
number two brush, picking the product
up, and then applying straight to my
face. This is perfect for the girls who
love something a bit more on the natural
side. It's going to instantly blur and
give you that soft look without being
too much. It's also extremely creamy and
weightless, so it feels amazing on the
skin. Like, it won't even look like
you're wearing makeup for row for real.
Just perfect skin. Another thing that's
really great about the shade sticks is
they're super multi-use. So, you don't
just have to use it for foundation. You
can get one that's in a shade of your
concealer, one that's in the shade for
your bronzer, and you can use it for an
entire face. Now we have each one on
each side of our face. I'm going to put
a little blush and stuff on so that you
guys can see the full look. All right,
you guys. Now the makeup is completed on
both sides. Now, what's great is that
both of these are non-creasing. They're
not cakey, so you get those benefits no
matter which one you choose. But as for
me, I can't pick a side. I have a place
in my heart for both. No matter which
one you choose, you can't go wrong.
Lanchome just gets complexion. Oh, and
the shade range very tea. So, make sure
you guys check out Lancome's Taunt Doll
Ultraware foundation and the new shade
stick foundation. Find your perfect
match and let me know which one is
working best for you. And of course,
major thank you to Lancome for
partnering with us on this video.
Hey y'all. So, the last I talked to
y'all was yesterday when I was doing my
filming and then I didn't pick y'all
back up. My bad. But if I'm being honest
with you guys, you missed literally
nothing. I filmed my sponsorship. Got my
sponsorship sent over. Just did work. I
know what I did. I think I went to
sleep. I probably went to sleep, girl. I
probably went to sleep. But it's the
next day and we're cute and we're
heading out. Okay. I've actually been
working all morning. Not really
sponsored stuff, just more organic
stuff, but trying to just, you know,
keep doing the things. I wet my hair cuz
I just was so over like the blowout
curls. So, I washed it. And this is the
hair's like natural texture. How pretty
though, right? [laughter] This is the DH
hair boutique Malaysian wavy. I got four
bundles of 22 in, but it's been cut. So,
this I don't know if this is 22 in
anymore. She's a little frizzy because
it's it wasn't dry all the way. It's
still not dry all the way. Like, it's
still not completely dry, but I had
stuff to do and I said I can't just be
sitting around and look and I wasn't
going to diffuse it. So, I just W curled
my leave out a little bit to try to
blend it. It's It's doing something
something. It's doing a little something
something. Anyways, so what we're about
to go do is I want to go to this store
called the Chemist Warehouse. That's
what it's called. I want to go to this
place called the Chemist Warehouse
because they are supposed to have like
it's this huge warehouse. It's basically
like a big ass beauty supply. Like it's
a big beauty supply. It's a little bit
difficult coming across certain products
in Dubai. You can get stuff sent here,
but like it's not the easiest. So, I
don't know if this is like a beauty
supply where like the stuff be
counterfeit.
Y'all y'all know if you even in the US,
the beauty supply stores be counterfeit
products. But we going to go and we just
going to hop around. I seen a young lady
post about it on Tik Tok. I will insert
her page right here. And she was here in
Dubai and she was like, "This is where I
get like, you know, her lotions and all
the things like anything that like you
would go to like Target for in the US
they be having." So, I'm like, let me go
peek around. Like, I haven't done like a
hygiene shop. Like, that's what I want
to do. I want to go hygiene shopping.
So, that's what we're about to go do.
We're going to go to this place called
Chemist Warehouse and go hygiene
shopping. See what's popping. Of course,
we're going to get a matcha on the way.
Duh. I didn't walk this morning because
I got up late. I slept in this morning.
So, we are going to go to the mall a bit
later and kind of get some steps in. So,
we might do some shopping. I kind of
want to go to Zara, but I just don't
know if I'm going to do all of that
today. It might be a little much. Okay.
But we'll see how I'm feeling because it
is 108° outside. Yeah. Fahrenheit. You
heard 108.
I've never been to Dubai during the
summer. Ever. Ever. Ever. This is my
first time ever coming during the summer
time. And let me tell y'all, [sighs] it
ain't for the week. It ain't for the
week. I'm not going to lie. I be indoors
most of the time. I literally haven't
really been outside like that. But anyh
who, I'm about to back y'all up so you
can see what I'm wearing for the day.
So, like I said, it's 108° outside,
y'all. So, it's hot. So flowy, okay, is
my best friend. So, I mean, and
obviously,
hello. So, [laughter]
um, my pants are from my whole outfit's
from H&M. Honestly, I love this like
butter yellow brown combo. It's probably
my favorite thing going on, like color
combination wise with olive green. Like,
it's just my vibe. So, anyways, I just
have on these baggie pants. They're
just, y'all know I love a good little
trouser pant type of vibe. Um, except
it's an elastic waistband, of course.
And then my t-shirt is uh just like this
really it's like asymmetric but then it
also has this really nice neckline.
So I don't know. I just thought it was
really cute. And then I have it with my
little Freya bag. And then I've got on a
bunch of jewelry. I'm wearing my brown.
This is from Amazon. It looks like a
Cardier bracelet or Cardier watch, but
it's not. It's from Amazon. Okay. And
then I have on my normal regular regular
stack. And then for my earrings, these
are from Revolve. That's what I'm
looking like. Oh, I look so much cuter.
I should have filmed y'all. Filmed this
way. Anyways, that's my outfit. That's
what we look like. We're about to head
out. And then for perfume. Oh my god.
Let me not forget. I'm wearing
exclusive. This is one of my favorite.
This is a OG look. It's just good. Okay,
if you've never if you I know it's
expensive, y'all, but I'm telling you,
it's worth it. I'll link it as well as
the Dossier like dupy dupe in case you
want the smell, but you don't want to
pay that much for it cuz it's so good.
But it is so expensive. I ain't going to
lie. But it's so good, girl. So anyh
who, let's get going. We are finally on
the move. First stop is Matcha. Duh.
Like it's me. Let's be so for real. So
we're going to go to the same cafe that
I think I've taken you guys to before.
Find or wait, am I going to saddle? I
don't know what I put in my GPS. I
actually think we're going to saddle.
What did I put in the GPS?
Child, I don't know. And then I be
having to use ways here. And I don't use
ways. Like I'm an Apple Maps girl and I
know someone's going to be like, "Oh,
that's crazy." cuz people judge me for
using Apple Maps, but I use Apple Maps
anyways. Whatever. We're just gonna vibe
out and get to the cafe.
I feel like no one likes this song and
it's one of my favorite ones. [music]
He said he want to buy me a new body.
Even though he fell in love with my old
merist. [music]
Okay, so we ended up coming to Saddle.
Remember I was like I couldn't remember
which one I came to. Okay. Can I get a
um ice matcha latte, please?
Ice matcha?
Yes. latte with
almond.
Yes. And can I get it like medium sweet?
Oh, you know what? That's it. That'll be
all. Okay. Quick and easy. And then if
you ever come to Dubai, they have a
saddle in the airport now, which is
heavensent because I do not be wanting
no Costa costa coffee. Like it just
don't be hitting. So when I came out
this go around and I seen the saddle
there, I was like, "Ah, praise the
heavens." So of course, I got me a
matcha straight off the flight. Okay.
Um, so you can check it out in the
airport and it was really, really good.
But they also have them all over. They
have them, let me not say in all over,
but I think they're in like the south of
France and
I've been to the one in Can
and here. Maybe that's the only ones
they have. Or did I go in San?
I think it's Can. I don't know, girl.
That was a long time ago. So, anyways,
we're just going to get this and then
we'll head to the chemist warehouse so
we can do a little hygiene shopping and
see this tea.
Hi.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
It be working, girl, cuz it is hot
outside. First of all, look at this
color.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right.
What is that sound?
Is that my car?
I don't know nothing about none of that.
What
am I tripping? Maybe it's just the air
conditioning. I think I'm tripping. Such
a girly pop day. Oh my god. It's my
favorite thing to do in the world. Okay.
Should we give her a taste?
That's what I'm talking about. This is
I love New York and I love London. I
love being in those places. But Dubai's
matcha scene,
please. Let's go to the chemist
warehouse. I'm not going to do more car
karaoke because my DJI is dying. And
we're going to go to get lunch
afterwards and [snorts] I need to be
able to talk to y'all. So, no more car
karaoke. Um, I will catch you guys at
the store and we're going to see what
we're going to get. All righty. I have
found it. And it does look pretty big.
So, let's see what they've got. Okay.
So, I have to be very careful with how
I'm filming in here.
But let's see what we can find. It looks
like shampoos, conditioners. They have
Shea Moisture, all the L'Oreal products
that I really like. It's really busy in
here, too. Like, it seems very popular.
I want to do skin care first, like
lotions, and soaps. So, let's try to
find that first. Here we go. So,
Vaseline, Dove, Nivea. Oh my god, my
Dove bar. I wanted my antibacterial one.
They've got tons of soul de Janeiro. I
personally don't necessarily use this
often. So, I won't be picking any up,
but for those of you who like it. And if
you like Metacube, wo, so much Metacube
stuff. I've never really tried their
stuff like that. So, yeah. Oh my god.
Wait, please tell me they have melatonin
cuz it is so hard for me to find like
chewy melatonin. No melatonin and no
lei. I was trying to see if they had any
of the Lei vitamins, but they don't.
Okay, they do have like some Color Wow
stuff. I've only ever seen in Sephora
before. So, ooh, they also have K18
Ollex
Mask Heaven. So, if you are looking for
face masks, trust me, they've got a
million eye patches, lip masks, the
whole thing. Okay, going to grab a few
of these Medicube masks. Just two. I'm
going to grab a Bio Oil, the natural
one. I'm going to grab another myicellar
water, the one with oil. I'm going to
grab these to add on the ends of my
lashes. Might as well grab a lofah.
Going to grab an extra pack of razor
heads. These are my favorite razors.
These are the only razors that I use.
Shout out to Venus. I'm also going to
get these facial razors. I'm going to
grab one of these. I've been using this
to keep stretch marks away hopefully.
They don't have the oil that I use
though as well. So, okay. I'm going to
grab one of these, too, because I heard
this is a must. So, we finished. It was
just okay. I'm a little disappointed.
The I think the one that the young lady
I seen on TikTok go to was bigger, but I
got a lot of stuff. I mean, I just spent
$100. I am a little disappointed.
Can't lie. But it's all good. Now, I'm
hungry. So, let's go eat. We're going to
go to this cafe called Ona. It's an
Australian cafe, but it's here in Zubai
now, and it's supposed to be really
nice. So, let's go check it out. [music]
Okay, so we made it into the cafe. Okay.
It's really, really cute. A lot of
people have been complaining that it's
super duper busy all the time, but I
don't know. Seems pretty okay so far.
So, I scanned the menu. It's on a little
QR code. So, let's start with drinks. I
got some water already. They're really,
really known for their coffee, but I've
already had my caffeine for the day, so
we're not going to have any coffee.
People say that the coffee is so good.
Specifically, like the tiramisu latte,
the pistachio latte. Supposed to be like
really, really nice. So, I'll have to
come back like in the morning one day. I
think I'm just going to do an uzu
lemonade. And then now, let's look at
food cuz I'm starved. Okay. So, can I do
an uzu lemonade?
Mhm. And then can I do a the Ona Waldorf
salad? And then can I also get the
chopped Ona Club, but instead of the
chips that come with it, can I do the
hand cut fries?
um instead of chips.
Yeah. So, fries instead if possible.
Okay. So, ordered my food. Um hopefully
it's good. So, I got a club sandwich.
It's like it says it's has grilled
chicken, cheddar, lettuce, tomato, beef,
bacon, whatever Ona dressing is, and
it's on Japanese milk bread. Now, it's
supposed to come with I think like
little potato chips, but I got French
fries instead cuz y'all know I love a
French fry. And then I also got the Ona
Waldorf salad cuz I just want some
greens. And this has a girl they be
calling it rocket, but that's arugula.
So it comes with arugula fennel. Um,
thank you. And then it has a tahini
dressing. I'm a little nervous about the
tahini dressing cuz I don't really like
tahini, which is funny because I love
peanut butter and to me they taste
really similar but so different for some
reason. But anyways, so that's what I
got. And then the uzu lemonade. So when
it comes out I will show you guys. Okay,
so our uzu lemonade has arrived. It is a
very tiny cup. I guess this is the uzu
at the bottom. So, I'm going to give it
a mix. Very pretty. Okay, now let's give
her a taste.
Oh, that's uzu. Oo, it is strong uzu.
Now, I like uzu, so that's fine by me,
but it's really good. I could drink this
in like 2 seconds, though. That's the
only thing. So, all of our food is here.
It's a lot of food as I'm sure you guys
uh have gotten to see at this point. Um
the dressing for this salad came on the
side. So, I'm going to try that first.
Ooh, it's sweet. It's It doesn't taste
like tahini to me at all. So, that's
fine. I'm going to put that on the
salad. Let's see what it's giving. I
really like fennel and I like arugula
and I kind of wanted like a nice little
like sweet salad. So, I'm excited.
It's just hard to eat this.
Got too much.
10 out of 10. I literally have no notes.
It's so good. I wish there were more
walnuts in it for like a crunch. I mean,
it's very crunchy cuz the finel, but you
know what I mean. I can't I literally
said 10 out of 10, no notes, and then
say I wish I had more of this. But it's
really, really nice. Really nice. It's
like a really good summer salad. Kind of
bitter spiciness from the arugula and
then you get a little bit of salty from
the parmesan and then a lot of sweet
from the grapes and the apples and the
pomegranates. It's really nice. Let's go
ahead and try a French fry.
So, they're like really thick cut. They
have parmesan on them. I'm going to try
one on its own cuz I have a side of
ketchup here as well. Oh, they're
seasoned like hella. I don't know if you
guys can see that. There's like
seasoning all over them.
Okay, they definitely don't need
ketchup.
I don't know.
These are delicious.
Wait a second. I am going to put some
ketchup because I asked for it and I
don't want him to be like, "Why did a
girl ask me for ketchup and she ain't
even use it?" No. Guys,
these are so good. I don't know how to
describe it. As thick as they are,
they're not like super dense like you
would think.
M.
Good French fry. Like I could sit here
and eat like 10 orders of those. I'm not
kidding. Another 10 out of 10. Now for
the star of the show. Let's try the
chicken club salad or chicken club
sandwich. Like I said, it comes with
these little little chips. I'm not going
to eat them. It does have pickles on the
side. And if you know me, you know I
love a pickle.
They're bread and butter pickles though.
Is that what they're called? Bread and
butter. The sweet ones. I don't really
like sweet pickles. Okay.
Oh my god. I'm so Look at the inside of
this. So, it's like a chops club, which
is really nice in my opinion. I feel
like that texture is like really, really
banging. So, let's see what it's giving.
The bread looks really nice.
Mhm.
There are caramelized onions on here
that are delicious.
The bread is so nice. It's not too much,
but not too little for like such a
hearty sandwich. And there's something
giving it this like sweetness. It's
really nice. Okay, I think it's the
onions. This would be a 10 for me. The
only issue is whatever the sauce is that
they use, it's definitely mayonnaise
based. It's to be expected. Most people
like mayonnaise. And usually people put
mayonnaise on sandwiches and burger type
things, but I don't like mayonnaise. And
I can like taste the mayonnaise.
Let me rephrase. I eat mayonnaise. Like
I'll eat mayonnaise and potato salad and
doubled eggs and things like that, but
it has to be like very disguised.
I can taste this, but it's still so
good. I would give this an eight. I
would order this again. Wow. Okay. Ona.
And you know, usually something isn't
good, but this is like great all around.
So, apparently this cafe is like really
really popular in Australia. They opened
up one here in Dubai and it's been
really really popular. And you know,
normally with a lot of the like super
viral places, it be hype.
This is fire. Like so good. So, I'm
going to enjoy my lunch.
There's like a nap flying. And um I will
pick you guys up when we're headed home.
I hope y'all can hear me cuz I got the
AC on blast because it is hot. I'm
talking I only had to walk I would say
two minutes from the cafe to where I'm
parked cuz the parking over here is
nuts. I'm going to show you. Well, it's
it's not nuts, but there's no parking at
the cafe. So, the cafe is like right at
the corner. I don't know if y'all can
see. It's literally like 200 ft away.
Like, it's not far at all. It is so god
darn hot outside.
Anyhoo, child, we going to head home. I
was thinking we would go to the mall cuz
I wanted to get my steps in. I ain't
gonna lie, big mama's tired. You know,
after you eat. You know how it be after
you eat. But also, I have some business
I need to take care of and it's already
kind of late in the day and I don't want
to be up all night. So, part of me is
like, hey, maybe we won't get my steps
in today. Let me see how many steps am I
on. Matter of fact, yeah, I got nothing.
I'm on 2,300 for today, which is crazy.
Yesterday, I got 10,700. The day before
that, I got 13,834.
And the day before that, I got 10,30.
So,
it's okay. We can take a break. Tomorrow
though, tomorrow morning, we are
definitely going to get our steps. Uh,
and then we have to do my stretches as
well.
Yeah. Before we get on with our plans
for tomorrow. So, with that being said,
I'm about to drive home, y'all. We'll do
a little haul of the things that I got
at the um chemist warehouse, even though
I'm pretty sure I showed y'all already
like what I got, but we'll do a little
Holly haul just in case. and then I'm
gonna do some work and then maybe I'll
show you my dinner. I already pre-made.
I've been like meal prepping and stuff
to make things easy for myself. Anywh
who, let's go. We're back at the house,
so I figured I would show you guys what
we got from [applause] Chemist
Warehouse. I'm pretty sure I showed
y'all everything I picked up, but just
in case I didn't, we'll go through it
right now. And I'm not going to lie, I
think the prices You know what, girl?
Let me not even lie to y'all. I don't
know. Let's go. So, I got a lofah. I
told y'all that I needed a new one. And
then I got my favorite razors ever.
These are the Venus. Which one are
these? The coconut comfort glide. So,
the reason that I like this so much is
it has five blades, which is great. If
you are a hairy girl, this is going to
get you such a close shave. I know the
girls were like, "Use a men's razor." No
thanks. I want a ladies razor. This
these five blades do what they need to
do. And then I love the moisture strip.
Gosh be zoom zoom zoom when it's time
for me to shave. So, I've been using
these for years. I feel like y'all know
that. I always talk about these razors.
It's literally nothing new. I got some
more of the stretch mark cream from
Cocoa Butter. I'm pretty sure this is
what I Yeah, it is. Okay. Yeah. So, it's
this one. So, it's basically like a
lotion. Like, it's like a lotion and
then I go over it with an oil, but they
didn't have the oil that I normally use.
So, I got the Bio Oil. I have to get the
natural one because the original has
vitamin A, I think, in it. It's got some
in it that I can't use allegedly. So, I
just get the the natural one. And then I
got two of these Metacube masks. Now,
I've actually never used the Metacube. I
always use the Bioance ones, but I think
these are the exact same. Like, you're
supposed to put it on, leave it on, and
let it like do its thing. So, everyone
talks about Metacube. Like, people love
Metacube. I just haven't found anything
from them. Is something leaking in my
bag? Yeah, I think this was leaking.
Anyways, so I got some of this because
we're going to try it out and see like
what's teeth. I also got another
myicellar water. I know what you're
thinking, Aaliyah, why'd you get a small
one? Because I don't be wearing like a
full beat on a regular basis. I don't go
through this as much as I usually do.
And so, I don't know. I just prefer the
little travel size ones cuz I can just
take them on the go. They don't take up
too much space and I always get the one
that has oil in it. Okay? I know some
people like oil free. Do what you need
to do for your skin. That oil free girl,
my mascara ain't never coming off. I'm
not getting the oil free. I need the
oil. Okay. So, that's the one that I
use. I also got some facial razors
because my mustache I'm not plucking
that. She needs to get shaved off. And
then I got some lashes. This feels so
heavy. Oh. Oh my god. These are covered
in whatever is leaking. Anyways, okay. I
got some lashes. These are by Kiss, of
course. These ones I feel like I use a
lot, but these have like spikes, which
is why I want No glue needed.
Oh, are these self adhesive?
No wonder they were so expensive. I was
like, why are these so expensive? The no
blue falsies. What does that mean? I
think that means they got self adhesive,
which is fine. So, I got the demi edgy
pair and the demi wispy. The demi edgy
is different than what I would normally
wear, but I'm kind of hype about it cuz
I feel like it's going to add like a
cute little I don't know. I just think
that's going to be so freaking cute. So,
I got those. And then y'all know I got
that nipple cream. So, that's everything
we got. We didn't do nothing too crazy
in here, girl. They didn't. It was a bit
disappointing to say the least. Like I
don't know. I thought like I was going
to be able to find like body washes and
lotions and stuff. Like that's what I
was I was looking for that. But they
only had like they had a lot of stuff
from Dove, but the only thing from Dove
that I use on my body is the
antibacterial soap. Maybe I should try
some of their other stuff. I've heard
really good things, but I don't know. It
just didn't like appeal to me to like
grab any of that. So, anyways, I have a
little bit of work, but I have a little
bit more that I need to do. And then I'm
going to be getting ready for bed. And
then I'll probably pick y'all up around
then. I still have to eat dinner. I'll
be having to make sure I eat more tree
meals a day. Okay. Yeah, I'll pick y'all
back up in a little bit. Hey guys, next
day here. We are about to head out. We
are about to head to Bailey's house. I
have not seen Bailey since, girl, maybe
Christmas, January. It has been a long
I'm talking like it's been so so so so
so so so long. So, we're going to go
over to her house and just kind of
chill, hang out by the pool. She's
hosting me. So, I already know Bailey is
like doing the most cuz she's been
texting me all day and I'm like, WE'RE
JUST CHILLING. LIKE, SHE'S SO CUTE.
She's a great host. So, I got some
non-alcoholic like procco. So, yeah.
We're going to go hang out, chill by the
pool, catch up. I haven't seen her in so
so long. So, that is the vibes for
today. So, I'm just wearing this Zara
like two-piece like set cuz it's super
airy, super light. It's lowkey kind of
see-through. And then I just have on a
brown bikini underneath um in case we
actually like swim swim. I don't know
what the vibes are, but yeah. But I got
this from Zara. Super comfy. I just have
on these little chunky bangles. They
make this look a lot cuter. [snorts] And
yeah. Oh, and then my earrings are super
cute, too. Look at these. These are from
Zara as well. Like, how cute are those?
So, kind of like a little vacay vibe cuz
like and we're chilling by the pool.
That's a vacay. No. Anyh who, so let's
get headed over there and catch up with
our girl. Y'all say hi to Bailey. We
have been chitchatting, catching up. So,
we haven't had much footage, but she's
feeding me now. We've got Jamaican food.
I see some festival. We've got wings,
mac plantins.
Yeah, cuz big mama was hungry.
[laughter] Hi guys. So, we're back home.
I had to rush home cuz I have a meeting.
We will talk about how much fun we had
with Bailey in just a second, but I have
to hop on a quick work meeting. The
thing about the time difference with
Dubai is that all of my work stuff is
done in the the nighttime here, daytime
New York time. So, it's toppy turkey,
but yeah. Nice to see you. Obviously, we
all know and are aware all the things.
super excited to have you being a part
of. I've been in startups myself,
beauty, uh, custom fine jewelry, all the
things. Um, raising venture capital, all
of that. So, see like what you were
thinking, get your thoughts on
everything. We have a ton of things
rolling out at once.
I did want to see if there were some
other ideas that we wanted to explore
around that. It's crazy. Even saying
that is crazy.
You didn't just sign your name on a
dotted line. Like, you really do care.
The crux of my entire platform has
always just been extremely um just like
real and not necessarily a production.
And it has always translated very very
well for me. I know that times are
changing now. You know, the the girls
are
doing a lot of produced stuff, but
sometimes if it's not broke, don't you
don't have to fix it. Okay, so we didn't
vlog [laughter] too too much at
Bailey's, and I know y'all are going to
be so upset at me about that, but I need
y'all to understand I haven't seen
Bailey since December. We had a lot to
catch up on, okay, from the both of us.
Okay, we had so much to catch up on. But
it was super cute. I got over there.
It's so funny cuz she told me, she was
like, "I'm going to film like a day in
the life or whatever before you come,
blah blah blah." I was like, "Yeah, you
should." Like, TOTALLY, GIRL. I GOT
THERE. IT WAS A WHOLE production
company, cameras, like three people
filming. I said, "Oh,
you wasn't playing."
I said, "When I say I'm filming, I be
like."
Anyways, so we went, we hung out by the
pool. It was so nice. We swam for a
little bit. And then that's why my hair
looks like this cuz well, my hair kind
of looked like this before I got over
there. But anyways, we swam for a little
bit. She got me some Jamaican food. It
was so good. And it's so funny cuz I
wanted some mac and cheese. And she was
like, "Oh, they have this like really
good mac and cheese." And I was like,
"It's like you read my mind." Anyways,
so we just hung up. Hung up. [laughter]
Hung out. Caught up. And then I had to
get home because I had a meeting which I
let you guys hear a little bit about.
And I am so excited. LIKE I FEEL LIKE I
HAVE JUST BECOME such a grown lady in
the last like
2 years, year and a half. I don't know.
It's so weird. Yeah. Like obviously
y'all know I'm having a baby, [laughter]
but that meeting was so was for a really
cool new business venture that I'm going
into that is kind of like well I was
going to say my first big step of like a
stream of income outside of influencing,
but like not really because obviously
I'm a landlord. So that that was my
first stream outside of influencing.
That was like a little bit different. I
don't know. This
like I'm so excited and it's just so
cool and I can't wait to share it with
you guys. Oh my god, it's going to be so
crazy. Like I'm just That's all I have
to say. Like just wow. Like you are
really doing the thing, girl. Like I'm
like wow. Anyways, so that was like a
really good meeting. So now I'm about to
take my butt to bed cuz it's late. Girl,
it is 10:00 p.m. I need to go shower,
take off this makeup, scrub it dubdub. I
need to shave and yeah, I'm tired. I'm
real tired. I'm going to eat some Oreos,
too. But yeah, so that's kind of just
what's been going on. Tomorrow, I
promise I will vlog a lot better, me and
Essie. So, tomorrow me and Essie are
hanging out. I need to go to the like
gold district out here because the
wedding band that I got for my husband
fits. But when we be here, girl, his
hands swell like nobody's business. That
ring do not fit when them fingers get
fat. Oh my god. But yeah, so I'm going
to go there and get him another band
that he can wear until I get his actual
ring resized for the swelling. So, we're
going to do that. She's done shopping
there for like her husband's wedding
band and, you know, their rings and
stuff like that. So, I was like, "Oh,
perfect."
So, we're going to go do that and then
we're going to get lunch and just hang
out. Do a lot of girly pop things. It
ain't really much you can do when it's
110° outside. So, yeah, y'all. I will
pick you guys up in the morning.
Hey y'all. So, it is the next day. We
are Where's my purse?
I thought I brought my purse in here to
show y'all. Anyways, we're about to head
out to go hang out with Essie like I
told you guys. So, I tried to like
reblow out my hair cuz you guys know I
went like swimming yesterday, but I just
do not like the way that it came out. I
don't know what I did differently.
I don't know. It's just too much hair.
Or maybe I'm just over the sewing. Y'all
know how I get. I love my hair one
second and then two seconds later I'm
like, "Okay, I'm over this." Like, I'm
so over it. I blew my hair out is
basically what I'm trying to say. And
then I got dressed. So, I'm wearing Let
me show you. Shout out to H&M. We're
doing another brown and butter yellow
kind of look. Uh, this entire outfit is
from H&M. Um, I got the skirt. This kind
of reminds me of that Helsa skirt that I
wore. Where did I speak? Y'all know what
I'm talking about. I wore a Helsa skirt
that's really similar to this, but way
more expensive, but the vibes are kind
of the same. And then I just have on
this little yellow like t-shirt. If I
was in the States, I will pull my belly
out, but need to be conductive. And then
I just have on my brown accessories, the
Bonois lookalike from Amazon, and then
these little like gem brown tiger's eye
from Revolve. So, that is what I'm
wearing. And then for perfume, I'm
wearing um Anniversary by
love this. That is what I'm wearing. So,
let's get out of here because I am way
way way behind. Me and Essie were
supposed to have met up like 2 hours ago
when we both were like, "I'm still
working. I'm still doing this. Can I see
you in a second?" So, yeah.
Hi, Essie. Hi, Essie. [laughter]
It's really windy, but we made it to the
Gold District or Golden Diamond Park.
There we go.
You want diamonds and you don't want to
pay anything too crazy,
this is where you come.
And gold apparently, too. So,
we're going to go in, get this ring, get
our jewelry cleaned, and then go get
some food. Are you hungry?
Yeah.
Always hungry.
So, there's just like tons of stores
that you can come in and get your stuff.
Yeah. It's like, wow, I've never been
over here at all. We got our rings back.
Look at how much shinier now. Jeez,
she's stunning. She's a pretty girl.
Literally, cuz they were [clears throat]
looking pretty mad.
It is so shiny, Essie.
Yes. And your band, too.
Gorgeous.
Wow. All right. Me and Essie are going
to get a seafood boil.
My first time trying Mr. Crab.
Yes.
Hopefully, it's good. I
Britney put me on to here and it is so
good. And I'm craving a seafood boil.
So, I'm like, please tell me you want to
be fat with me cuz Essie is always on
her health kick. So luckily she's in the
mood to
be a bit indulgent with me. So uh we're
going to this place called Mr. Krab. If
you're ever in
Dubai and you are looking for a good
like legit seafood boil where you can
come. Okay, so we've officially made it
inside. Essie and I are so excited. We
got our teas. So this is a peach iced
tea. When I tell y'all Britney really
put me onto this place. She put me onto
this tea. She put me like she put me on.
And then Essie got a lemon iced tea. Are
we gonna do our cheers? Wait.
Okay.
We look in the eyes.
That's right.
Seven years of bad sex. [laughter]
No. Cheers. There we go.
Okay. How is it?
Oh, she's still sipping. So, it's good.
No peach in mine. All syrup. Oh, it's so
good.
So good, guys.
Okay, so I was telling Essie, I always
do like a build my own like seafood
boil. So, I get snow crab cuz that's
just like my preference on crab, but
they also have like king crab if you
prefer that.
I don't know the difference, you know.
Oh, usually I'll just do like whatever
it comes with.
You can do that, too. I think they have
Oh, shoot. I think they have um like
pre-made ones though, like if you don't
like to select.
Okay. Yeah,
like I think if you go back to the top
or wait, hold on, let me see. Yeah, like
here. Okay, so these are already made.
Okay.
Oh my god, these are huge.
Oh my god.
I don't think you want that. Those are
like massive. I'm not going to lie.
That's a lot of food.
It is. Look at the size of that.
Yeah. If we were sharing it,
which we could have, but I just know I
don't want half the stuff that come in
that. Let me see. Like I don't like king
crab personally. Well, I don't dislike
king crab.
Usually I just get lobster tail,
whatever crab teeth.
Okay. Wait, I don't even know if they
have lobster. Yeah, they do. They do. I
still
They do. See? Yeah. So, I [music] don't
even do lobster.
You don't do lobster?
Mm- I just do snow crab, shrimp, and
sometimes I'll do muscles, but I don't
think I'm going to do muscles today.
Snow crab is this one.
This is one you typically see in a
seafood boil. But you'll also see king
crab, which is the giant one.
A little spike on it.
Yeah, they're huge. I do the Cajun just
like the OG. Yep. And I get it.
They have as well. Oh, but you know what
I do that's different?
So, no. Well, I get it I get my sauce on
the side, not on top of everything
because So, to me, yes, because I find
it to be so messy and I'm like, why do I
want a bunch of sauce on the shells?
But that's me. That's amazing. But most
people don't do that. Whenever I do
that, people think I'm insane.
No, no, that's not. But then again, but
then you have a dry seafood boil.
But, you know, they don't cook your
seafood in the sauce. They steam your
seafood
and then they put the sauce on top. So
it literally You get me? You get me?
Whenever I say that, people literally
look at me like I'm insane. And they're
like, "What the hell?" But you get way
more sauce, too. And it's less messy in
my opinion.
They didn't have sausage last time I
came.
Put corn on the corn. Or do I have that?
I think it comes with the corn and the
um potatoes.
Yeah. And then you can have some of my
crab if you want some. Yeah. I don't
mind sharing.
Potatoes.
This would be so good. I hope you love
it.
Be cool. But the garlic butter sounds so
good, too.
Ask for both. You can probably get one
on the side or like you get what I'm
saying.
Garlic bottle to dip. Yeah, that sounds
good.
Can I do a build your own [music] crab
crab bonanza? Can I do um snow crab,
please? 500 g. And then can I also do um
250 g of shrimp. And then um can I add
sausage? Do you have sausage?
You're still out of sausage? Do you guys
no longer you just don't have sausage?
Oh, you do? Just not today. Oh my god.
Last time I came it was out, too. Okay.
But it comes with um corn and potato and
then rice.
Okay. And then can I do the Cajun?
Yes. But can I get it on the side?
Yeah.
Would you like it spicy or spicy? Mild,
medium, or wild spicy?
Um, medium.
Medium. Yes. I think that's it for me
for now. [music]
Are we good? Yeah.
Thank you. the garlic butter.
Oh, amazing.
This one's medium and this one's mild.
Yeah, this is medium. The small one,
this is mild.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I'll bring them. [music]
Oh my god, this is so weird seeing it
like this.
Oh my god.
Oh, do you need them?
Yes.
Okay, I'll tell them.
No, I'm just using my hands.
I've never seen it like this in my life.
Never?
No.
Wait, like just plain? Is that what you
mean? No, as in like this is this is a
serious lock. This is
Thank you.
This is a secret world.
Food is here, guys. Can you see it?
How How do you eat without the cut
thing?
Oh, I forgot to tell him.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, literally. What were we talking
about with them?
Scary.
You're like, how do you eat it without
it?
Opened it for me.
They did open it cuz for me, I literally
am like a just crack.
Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah. No, it's not bad.
All right, y'all. We are back home. Uh,
sorry about the lines on the screen.
Y'all know auto lights on Dubai B LED is
crazy. So, clearly I have showered,
cleaned myself up. As soon as I got in
the house, I was like, I need to do this
now or it will be a task for me. I'm
hitting the stage of very tired. I'm
very, very tired all the time. So, me
and Essie had a great time. The the gold
park or golden diamond park was
successful. Um, we got my ring. Well,
not my ring. I got the ring. And it's so
funny because you negotiate when you're
there. Like the whole purpose is to go
in there and like bargain and like and
that is just not my vibe, y'all. I'm an
easy lick. I'm not going to lie. Unless
I like know what I'm talking about. Oh,
you can get you can get a price up out
of me, babes.
So, thank God Essie was with me because
the first place we went to was trying to
charge me $7,500
Durham, which is like $2,000
for a plain gold men's wedding band.
Like 18 car 18 carats. I was like,
that's crazy. Like, no. Anyways, we
ended up getting one at basically like
half less than half the price from
another one like from another gold shop
in there. All worked out. Oh my god, I
didn't order my cookie. I'm not going to
bed, y'all. I'm about to like just
chill. It's very early still. It's
literally like 7:00. I'm just in the
bed. Well, it's not 7:00. It's 8:00. I'm
just in the bed because girl, what else
I always want to do? I'm in the bed. I
got my word search book. I got this from
the bookstore the other day. Let me see.
What number am I on? I'm on number 54.
So, yeah, I've just been doing like
word. Oh, actually I'm on 58 cuz I
finished 56. So, I just be doing like
word puzzles or like word searches and
y'all know I like little puzzles and
stuff like that cuz I just be in a house
and in a house bored. So, I'm like I
need something to do. So, I just be
doing these. It's very calming and
relaxing. I have my Kindle here cuz I'm
going to read a little bit. I started
reading. Hold on. Me, Mallerie, and
Alexis are all reading this book. Y'all
know my two best friends. Um, we're
reading The Revelation of Dion Daphne.
Um, Mallerie picked this book out. So,
we've been reading that. I've also been
reading like other like books for like
pregnancy and like having a baby and
stuff, but this is like my like casual
go-to read right now. So, it's been very
good. So, I have that going. And then
I'm ordering a cookie skillet. Y'all,
there's this place. I love their
cookies. I'm talking love their cookies
down. They're so good. And I thought I I
wanted to order it before I got in the
shower so it would be here by the time I
got out of the shower, but I forgot. So
yeah, girl. It's like a big old
chocolate chip cookie. And it comes with
a scoop of ice cream, but I always get
an extra scoop of ice cream because the
one little scoop don't be enough. I'm
sorry. So extra ice cream. Like it's so
good, y'all. It is so good. So I'm going
to tear that up. And before you start
Yeah. I'm going eat the whole thing by
myself. Leave me alone at my drawers. My
dress. Let me check out right now. Oh,
hold on. Let me get some extra cookies
cuz I know he going. So, yeah. Y'all, me
and Essie had a good old time. And then
I took her to Mr. Krab. Um, I don't know
if I've ever vlogged at Mr. Krab before,
but Britney took me there maybe like a
year and a half, two years ago when I
like first got to Dubai. Me and her went
there cuz I was like, "Dang, I would
love a seafood boil." And Britney loves
seafood boils. Y'all know she's from the
south. So, Britney loves a good seafood
boil. So, she took me there and I was
like, "No, it's actually like really
good." I was surprised. But they haven't
had sausage the last two times that I've
been cuz I literally just went there
like a week and a half, two weeks ago.
The heart want what it want. I can't
help it. Okay, but listen. So, I took
Essie cuz she's only ever had a seafood
boil in London. And I'm not going to
lie, I was like, "Girl, I don't know if
that's like, you know, like a real
seafood. So, let me take you." But
anyway, she really liked it. She got
lobster and shrimp and we got like corn
potatoes, the whole shebang. And then
you guys seen and I think I told you
basically I always get my sauce on the
side and anytime I take a picture of my
seafood boil like that, people are
always like, "Why would you do that?"
Y'all, when you go to these places,
they're not cooking your seafood in the
sauce. You know that, right? They steam
your seafood and they just pour the
sauce on top. Why do I want my sauce all
over the shells that I'm not about to
eat? It just make everything messy. I
mean, it look good. Don't get me wrong,
it be looking good, but it makes no
sense. In my personal opinion, I don't
want my sauce all over the shells. I
don't even like putting shells in my
mouth for real. For real, you know.
Yeah. Anyways, I don't want my sauce all
over my shells. So, I get my sauce on
the side. I crack open all my stuff. If
you really if you're really smart with
it, see, I'll be too hungry for this.
But there are days where I'm patient. If
you're really smart with it, you'll peel
and crack all your crab, all your
shrimp, and then all you do is dip and
eat and you're done. Dip and eat and
you're done. It's so great. But I do
like to like break my potatoes up and I
let them soak in the sauce while I'm
like breaking up everything. Oh, it was
so good. It was so good. [laughter]
It was really, really good. And that
peach iced tea, baby. But now I'm
regretting it. That was so much sodium.
So I'm like, I need to I'm about to
drink like 10 of these before bed. Okay,
I'm being dramatic. Like five of them. I
already know I need to pop two of these
TS before I lay my butt down
cuz I got real bad heartburn lately. So
let's go ahead and wrap these up. Y'all
know it's crazy. Okay, side note. I
don't know if you've ever eaten a tum.
They're like fruit flavored and [snorts]
they're chalky.
And I'm going to tell you right now, I
could eat a whole jar of this like
candy. I have to literally restrain
myself
like from eating these. They're so good
to me. I don't know if I'm the only one.
Does anybody else like the way Tums
taste? [snorts] And it's really the
texture. It's like that chalky. You ever
You know them peppermints? Those really
fat peppermints
that are like chalky?
I want that but in a fruit flavor like
this. Like I would sit here and [snorts]
devour it. And people have told me like,
"Oh, Smarties. Smarties just aren't
chalky enough. Like the texture is not
the same." And I don't know if there's
something wrong with me that got me
wanting like chalky stuff. I know
somebody going to diagnose me with some
in the comments. I know y'all already on
it. I ain't even bothered to Google it.
I've been trying to Google what candy is
a duplicate of Tums. Someone needs to
make that. I need to make that. That's
my next business venture. I'm about to
make candy Tums. Tums that are candy. No
medication.
So you can sit there and eat it. Cuz
what's in this?
Calcium carbonate antacid. See, this is
the thing. People talk about us in the
US, right? They're like, "Oh, have you
ever looked at the labels of the US
stuff?" No. It's because we are legally
required to tell you everything that's
in it. Do you know what this ingredient
says?
Calcium carbonate antacid.
Well, yes. [laughter]
Yes. But like what? It doesn't say
anything about flavoring. This that like
this is crazy. So, you don't know what's
in it. It literally does not tell you.
Maybe it's Maybe. Let me stop. Hold on.
Maybe it's back here.
No, it's not.
It just has its pregnancy warning.
Pregnancy. Do not take more than six
doses.
I know. [clears throat] Anyways, y'all.
So, that's what's going on. I'm going to
eat my cookie, play with my little play
my little word search, throw a movie on
or something, read a little bit. Just
chill out until the evening. I actually
think I'm going to end this vlog here
cuz how many days has it been? How many
days have we been hanging out, y'all? I
know my vlogs have been getting kind of
like shorter and shorter and shorter.
[laughter] Well, not shorter and shorter
and shorter, but I do know they haven't
been like the typical like hour and a
half, hour, whatever. Big y'all, I'm
tired. I'm not even going to hold you.
Big mama tired. I'm doing my best. All
right. And we're not doing that much if
I'm being quite honest with you. So, and
I'm not going to just bore y'all by like
yapping all damn day. So, anyho, um
please forgive me if the vlogs are a bit
shorter, but I feel like they're short
and sweet. It's all things that we're
actually like out and doing. So, that's
nice. Anywh who,
love you guys and I will see you in my
next vlog, which by the way, we're
skipping another week. So, we're we're
on a bi-weekly schedule, okay? But
that's I'm doing that so that y'all
don't have no content for a month. Okay?
So, I feel like the bi-weekly,
if I post my stuff bi-weekly,
it makes more sense than to just post it
when it's done and then have y'all with
no content for like a month or two. So,
you get me. Okay. Talk to y'all in the
next one. Bye.
