I've been interested in third-party I've been interested in third-party I've been interested in third-party Beyblade accessories for quite a while Beyblade accessories for quite a while Beyblade accessories for quite a while now, but I never got around to getting now, but I never got around to getting now, but I never got around to getting any until now. However, they really are any until now. However, they really are any until now. However, they really are a bit of a mixed bag, so if you are a bit of a mixed bag, so if you are a bit of a mixed bag, so if you are considering getting any of these considering getting any of these considering getting any of these accessories, you should watch this accessories, you should watch this accessories, you should watch this first. first. first. >> You will visit jesterino.com >> You will visit jesterino.com >> You will visit jesterino.com for the latest and greatest Beyblade for the latest and greatest Beyblade for the latest and greatest Beyblade products. products. products. >> Because in this video, I'll be reviewing >> Because in this video, I'll be reviewing >> Because in this video, I'll be reviewing some of the top unofficial accessories some of the top unofficial accessories some of the top unofficial accessories currently available for Beyblade X. currently available for Beyblade X. currently available for Beyblade X. Starting off with slip grips. These Starting off with slip grips. These Starting off with slip grips. These string launcher attachments are pretty string launcher attachments are pretty string launcher attachments are pretty well regarded in the community. I well regarded in the community. I well regarded in the community. I personally struggle with the string personally struggle with the string personally struggle with the string launcher in general, even though they launcher in general, even though they launcher in general, even though they are a lot of fun. I'm hypermobile and as are a lot of fun. I'm hypermobile and as are a lot of fun. I'm hypermobile and as such, my limbs can come out of place if such, my limbs can come out of place if such, my limbs can come out of place if I so much as look at them funny, which I so much as look at them funny, which I so much as look at them funny, which means I can't put my whole body into a means I can't put my whole body into a means I can't put my whole body into a string launch without doing some serious string launch without doing some serious string launch without doing some serious friendly fire damage to myself. So, when friendly fire damage to myself. So, when friendly fire damage to myself. So, when I tell you that these make all the I tell you that these make all the I tell you that these make all the difference, believe me because it's difference, believe me because it's difference, believe me because it's honestly hard to imagine using a string honestly hard to imagine using a string honestly hard to imagine using a string launcher without them now. As even if launcher without them now. As even if launcher without them now. As even if they don't directly improve your game, they don't directly improve your game, they don't directly improve your game, it's nice not having to worry about it's nice not having to worry about it's nice not having to worry about accidentally wrenching the string accidentally wrenching the string accidentally wrenching the string launcher to pieces every time you shoot. launcher to pieces every time you shoot. launcher to pieces every time you shoot. And I don't have too much more to say And I don't have too much more to say And I don't have too much more to say about these. I still probably wouldn't about these. I still probably wouldn't about these. I still probably wouldn't use a string launcher over a rip cord use a string launcher over a rip cord use a string launcher over a rip cord because as I mentioned, I have the limbs because as I mentioned, I have the limbs because as I mentioned, I have the limbs of a squid. So, that is just down to my of a squid. So, that is just down to my of a squid. So, that is just down to my personal preference. My advice is if you personal preference. My advice is if you personal preference. My advice is if you do use a string launcher or would like do use a string launcher or would like do use a string launcher or would like to, these are definitely a worthwhile to, these are definitely a worthwhile to, these are definitely a worthwhile investment. And I decided not to go for investment. And I decided not to go for investment. And I decided not to go for the double string launcher link as I the double string launcher link as I the double string launcher link as I mentioned about my issues with the mentioned about my issues with the mentioned about my issues with the string launcher. Trying to use two of string launcher. Trying to use two of string launcher. Trying to use two of them at once just sounded like a recipe them at once just sounded like a recipe them at once just sounded like a recipe for disaster for me personally. However, for disaster for me personally. However, for disaster for me personally. However, I did get one of the double rip cord I did get one of the double rip cord I did get one of the double rip cord launcher links, which is pretty handy to launcher links, which is pretty handy to launcher links, which is pretty handy to be able to launch both bays at exactly be able to launch both bays at exactly be able to launch both bays at exactly the same time, but it's not really going the same time, but it's not really going the same time, but it's not really going to improve your blading ability at all. to improve your blading ability at all. to improve your blading ability at all. It's more just if you want to have a It's more just if you want to have a It's more just if you want to have a mindless battle between two blades. It's mindless battle between two blades. It's mindless battle between two blades. It's fun and handy to use, but in my opinion, fun and handy to use, but in my opinion, fun and handy to use, but in my opinion, it doesn't accurately simulate what a it doesn't accurately simulate what a it doesn't accurately simulate what a proper battle is really like. So, don't proper battle is really like. So, don't proper battle is really like. So, don't go making assumptions on combo power go making assumptions on combo power go making assumptions on combo power scalings based on the results from using scalings based on the results from using scalings based on the results from using this device. And also, keep in mind, if this device. And also, keep in mind, if this device. And also, keep in mind, if you are thinking of getting one, that you are thinking of getting one, that you are thinking of getting one, that these only work with the shorter looped these only work with the shorter looped these only work with the shorter looped rip cords, and though you can get rip cords, and though you can get rip cords, and though you can get attachments to convert the longer style attachments to convert the longer style attachments to convert the longer style rip cords into looped ones, I don't rip cords into looped ones, I don't rip cords into looped ones, I don't really vibe with these kind of rip really vibe with these kind of rip really vibe with these kind of rip cords, so I'm not in any rush to be cords, so I'm not in any rush to be cords, so I'm not in any rush to be buying more accessories that I won't buying more accessories that I won't buying more accessories that I won't want to use. And the side-by-side want to use. And the side-by-side want to use. And the side-by-side launcher links are fine, but they do launcher links are fine, but they do launcher links are fine, but they do often lead to the Beys hitting in midair often lead to the Beys hitting in midair often lead to the Beys hitting in midair and even bursting before they make and even bursting before they make and even bursting before they make contact with the stadium. And there's contact with the stadium. And there's contact with the stadium. And there's not a lot of nuance with these battles, not a lot of nuance with these battles, not a lot of nuance with these battles, you are basically either doing both of you are basically either doing both of you are basically either doing both of them flat launch or both of them at the them flat launch or both of them at the them flat launch or both of them at the same angle till every single battle. same angle till every single battle. same angle till every single battle. However, I did get my hands on some However, I did get my hands on some However, I did get my hands on some angled launcher links. This multi-pack angled launcher links. This multi-pack angled launcher links. This multi-pack contains a series of clips that allow contains a series of clips that allow contains a series of clips that allow you to connect multiple launchers you to connect multiple launchers you to connect multiple launchers together at different angles, as well as together at different angles, as well as together at different angles, as well as a double rip cord link. And like a lot a double rip cord link. And like a lot a double rip cord link. And like a lot of these accessories, they are kind of of these accessories, they are kind of of these accessories, they are kind of delicate and feel pretty tight to get on delicate and feel pretty tight to get on delicate and feel pretty tight to get on and off, but that aside, being able to and off, but that aside, being able to and off, but that aside, being able to load up two Beys at once is definitely load up two Beys at once is definitely load up two Beys at once is definitely convenient, and I would say that, even convenient, and I would say that, even convenient, and I would say that, even though it's less flashy than most of the though it's less flashy than most of the though it's less flashy than most of the other accessories on this list, it's one other accessories on this list, it's one other accessories on this list, it's one of the ones I would recommend getting of the ones I would recommend getting of the ones I would recommend getting the most if you're into solo play. They the most if you're into solo play. They the most if you're into solo play. They come in angles of 15, 30, 45, and 60° come in angles of 15, 30, 45, and 60° come in angles of 15, 30, 45, and 60° though, I personally wouldn't use though, I personally wouldn't use though, I personally wouldn't use anything higher than the 30° angled anything higher than the 30° angled anything higher than the 30° angled connector. And to be honest, I feel that connector. And to be honest, I feel that connector. And to be honest, I feel that the 45° the 45° the 45° angles are just there to pad out what angles are just there to pad out what angles are just there to pad out what you get, which isn't a bad thing, and you get, which isn't a bad thing, and you get, which isn't a bad thing, and maybe there's some niche uses for them, maybe there's some niche uses for them, maybe there's some niche uses for them, but in general, I'll be sticking to the but in general, I'll be sticking to the but in general, I'll be sticking to the 15° and 30° connectors, because they 15° and 30° connectors, because they 15° and 30° connectors, because they feel pretty flimsy when all linked up feel pretty flimsy when all linked up feel pretty flimsy when all linked up anyway, and it's easy for the Beys to anyway, and it's easy for the Beys to anyway, and it's easy for the Beys to drop off pre-launch, even on the smaller drop off pre-launch, even on the smaller drop off pre-launch, even on the smaller angles. So, they're a cool idea, but in angles. So, they're a cool idea, but in angles. So, they're a cool idea, but in reality, they just don't really work reality, they just don't really work reality, they just don't really work that well. And again, it's important to that well. And again, it's important to that well. And again, it's important to to that these are more for fun battles to that these are more for fun battles to that these are more for fun battles playing solo and aren't tools for playing solo and aren't tools for playing solo and aren't tools for improving your blading ability or improving your blading ability or improving your blading ability or seriously testing out competitive combos seriously testing out competitive combos seriously testing out competitive combos as it's too cumbersome to be able to use as it's too cumbersome to be able to use as it's too cumbersome to be able to use any real tactics with beyond just any real tactics with beyond just any real tactics with beyond just pointing and shooting. However, I will pointing and shooting. However, I will pointing and shooting. However, I will say that where these connectors really say that where these connectors really say that where these connectors really excel is letting you put two attack or excel is letting you put two attack or excel is letting you put two attack or balance types against each other without balance types against each other without balance types against each other without worrying about the stamina drain or worrying about the stamina drain or worrying about the stamina drain or self-pocketing of launching them self-pocketing of launching them self-pocketing of launching them individually. So, if you're looking for individually. So, if you're looking for individually. So, if you're looking for some dumb fun solo action, give them a some dumb fun solo action, give them a some dumb fun solo action, give them a go, but that's all you'll really get out go, but that's all you'll really get out go, but that's all you'll really get out of them. They also do make these triple of them. They also do make these triple of them. They also do make these triple launcher connectors, but launching two launcher connectors, but launching two launcher connectors, but launching two Beys at once can be chaotic enough as it Beys at once can be chaotic enough as it Beys at once can be chaotic enough as it is. So, unless you're entirely committed is. So, unless you're entirely committed is. So, unless you're entirely committed to only ever using the wide stadium on to only ever using the wide stadium on to only ever using the wide stadium on your own, I really can't see these your own, I really can't see these your own, I really can't see these getting any real use. And I also didn't getting any real use. And I also didn't getting any real use. And I also didn't get the longer rip cord accessory as get the longer rip cord accessory as get the longer rip cord accessory as it's not really a tactical accessory. it's not really a tactical accessory. it's not really a tactical accessory. It's not going to make you a better It's not going to make you a better It's not going to make you a better blader. It's literally just there to blader. It's literally just there to blader. It's literally just there to make your Beys spin faster and hit make your Beys spin faster and hit make your Beys spin faster and hit harder, and that's ultimately why I harder, and that's ultimately why I harder, and that's ultimately why I didn't bother to get one because didn't bother to get one because didn't bother to get one because Beyblade is already a high-impact game Beyblade is already a high-impact game Beyblade is already a high-impact game and as such, there's notable wear and and as such, there's notable wear and and as such, there's notable wear and tear on parts and even the stadium at tear on parts and even the stadium at tear on parts and even the stadium at the speeds they usually go. So, if you the speeds they usually go. So, if you the speeds they usually go. So, if you absolutely don't care about breaking absolutely don't care about breaking absolutely don't care about breaking your blades and just want the ultimate your blades and just want the ultimate your blades and just want the ultimate smash, go for it. Why not? Just be smash, go for it. Why not? Just be smash, go for it. Why not? Just be careful, of course, and just remember careful, of course, and just remember careful, of course, and just remember that beyond making your blades spin that beyond making your blades spin that beyond making your blades spin really fast, it's a bit of a one-trick really fast, it's a bit of a one-trick really fast, it's a bit of a one-trick gimmick. And I also grabbed a laser gimmick. And I also grabbed a laser gimmick. And I also grabbed a laser target. This was by far the hardest to target. This was by far the hardest to target. This was by far the hardest to assemble as you have to push out the assemble as you have to push out the assemble as you have to push out the battery pack, which is very tight, bend battery pack, which is very tight, bend battery pack, which is very tight, bend the thin plastic tabs around to clip it the thin plastic tabs around to clip it the thin plastic tabs around to clip it on and off and on again if you forget to on and off and on again if you forget to on and off and on again if you forget to put the grip on like I did. But, it's put the grip on like I did. But, it's put the grip on like I did. But, it's one of the most tactical accessories in one of the most tactical accessories in one of the most tactical accessories in theory, but in reality, I really don't theory, but in reality, I really don't theory, but in reality, I really don't find it all that useful as much as I find it all that useful as much as I find it all that useful as much as I wanted to because you can launch as much wanted to because you can launch as much wanted to because you can launch as much as you like with the laser in the exact as you like with the laser in the exact as you like with the laser in the exact same spot and it will be different each same spot and it will be different each same spot and it will be different each and every time due to the minute hand and every time due to the minute hand and every time due to the minute hand movement and differences in launch movement and differences in launch movement and differences in launch power. You might get a little use from power. You might get a little use from power. You might get a little use from this if you're just starting out or you this if you're just starting out or you this if you're just starting out or you find yourself really struggling to find yourself really struggling to find yourself really struggling to launch correctly. But as I'll elaborate launch correctly. But as I'll elaborate launch correctly. But as I'll elaborate on a little bit later in the video, it's on a little bit later in the video, it's on a little bit later in the video, it's a bit of a crutch that you really don't a bit of a crutch that you really don't a bit of a crutch that you really don't need. Also, you got to be careful with need. Also, you got to be careful with need. Also, you got to be careful with this thing as you do with any laser this thing as you do with any laser this thing as you do with any laser because it's not a toy and you could do because it's not a toy and you could do because it's not a toy and you could do some serious damage to your own or some serious damage to your own or some serious damage to your own or someone else's eyesight. I did notice a someone else's eyesight. I did notice a someone else's eyesight. I did notice a couple of instances where I wasn't couple of instances where I wasn't couple of instances where I wasn't paying attention after a launch and paying attention after a launch and paying attention after a launch and ended up nearly blinding myself with it. ended up nearly blinding myself with it. ended up nearly blinding myself with it. And look, I know I'm a big silly, but And look, I know I'm a big silly, but And look, I know I'm a big silly, but also, it's really easy to do. So, uh also, it's really easy to do. So, uh also, it's really easy to do. So, uh just be mindful of that fact that there just be mindful of that fact that there just be mindful of that fact that there is a freaking laser beam coming out of is a freaking laser beam coming out of is a freaking laser beam coming out of your freaking launcher. And I also got your freaking launcher. And I also got your freaking launcher. And I also got one of each of the launcher levels to one of each of the launcher levels to one of each of the launcher levels to test out as these are another popular test out as these are another popular test out as these are another popular tool in the community. Although tool in the community. Although tool in the community. Although personally, I didn't feel them to be personally, I didn't feel them to be personally, I didn't feel them to be that useful at all. The top one is that useful at all. The top one is that useful at all. The top one is easier to see and can be used in easier to see and can be used in easier to see and can be used in addition to the launcher links, but not addition to the launcher links, but not addition to the launcher links, but not with other accessories like the battle with other accessories like the battle with other accessories like the battle pass. Whereas the side one is a bit more pass. Whereas the side one is a bit more pass. Whereas the side one is a bit more obscure and harder to see, but it can be obscure and harder to see, but it can be obscure and harder to see, but it can be used with the battle pass. And in used with the battle pass. And in used with the battle pass. And in general, the spirit levels run into the general, the spirit levels run into the general, the spirit levels run into the same problems as the laser as they only same problems as the laser as they only same problems as the laser as they only give you a fraction of the information give you a fraction of the information give you a fraction of the information about your launch and if anything, end about your launch and if anything, end about your launch and if anything, end up being a bit more of a distraction up being a bit more of a distraction up being a bit more of a distraction than a useful metric to try and improve than a useful metric to try and improve than a useful metric to try and improve your launch with. I'm not saying that your launch with. I'm not saying that your launch with. I'm not saying that you won't get any use out of them. you won't get any use out of them. you won't get any use out of them. They're interesting toys to play around They're interesting toys to play around They're interesting toys to play around with and if you're having a massive with and if you're having a massive with and if you're having a massive issue with launching, they might be issue with launching, they might be issue with launching, they might be worth a try, but I really don't think worth a try, but I really don't think worth a try, but I really don't think they're an essential attachment in the they're an essential attachment in the they're an essential attachment in the long run because as a blader, you've got long run because as a blader, you've got long run because as a blader, you've got to pay attention to a lot of different to pay attention to a lot of different to pay attention to a lot of different things at once. Not only how you're things at once. Not only how you're things at once. Not only how you're launching, but what your opponent is launching, but what your opponent is launching, but what your opponent is doing as well. So, keeping your eyes on doing as well. So, keeping your eyes on doing as well. So, keeping your eyes on a tiny bubble or laser crosshairs just a tiny bubble or laser crosshairs just a tiny bubble or laser crosshairs just isn't practical. Maybe if you have the isn't practical. Maybe if you have the isn't practical. Maybe if you have the steady hands of a surgeon, then it steady hands of a surgeon, then it steady hands of a surgeon, then it wouldn't be an issue. But I'm not a wouldn't be an issue. But I'm not a wouldn't be an issue. But I'm not a surgeon. I'm a YouTube clown who plays surgeon. I'm a YouTube clown who plays surgeon. I'm a YouTube clown who plays with spinning tops. Also, the more you with spinning tops. Also, the more you with spinning tops. Also, the more you practice with your combos, the more practice with your combos, the more practice with your combos, the more you'll get a feel for how they perform, you'll get a feel for how they perform, you'll get a feel for how they perform, and eventually, it will feel more and eventually, it will feel more and eventually, it will feel more natural to you as you develop muscle natural to you as you develop muscle natural to you as you develop muscle memory. So, I'll be hesitant to build a memory. So, I'll be hesitant to build a memory. So, I'll be hesitant to build a reliance on tools like these, as you reliance on tools like these, as you reliance on tools like these, as you never know if an event will allow them never know if an event will allow them never know if an event will allow them or not, and if they don't, then you'll or not, and if they don't, then you'll or not, and if they don't, then you'll be at a disadvantage to everyone else, be at a disadvantage to everyone else, be at a disadvantage to everyone else, not just from the lack of being able to not just from the lack of being able to not just from the lack of being able to use them, but also because your launcher use them, but also because your launcher use them, but also because your launcher will then have a different weight will then have a different weight will then have a different weight distribution and feel to it without distribution and feel to it without distribution and feel to it without them. Ultimately, as cool as these them. Ultimately, as cool as these them. Ultimately, as cool as these accessories look, I don't really think accessories look, I don't really think accessories look, I don't really think they're practical tools to help improve they're practical tools to help improve they're practical tools to help improve your blading, with maybe the exception your blading, with maybe the exception your blading, with maybe the exception of the slip grip. And it's important to of the slip grip. And it's important to of the slip grip. And it's important to remember that there's plenty of remember that there's plenty of remember that there's plenty of top-level players who got where they are top-level players who got where they are top-level players who got where they are without these tools, because they're not without these tools, because they're not without these tools, because they're not essential, which is not to say that you essential, which is not to say that you essential, which is not to say that you personally won't get any use out of personally won't get any use out of personally won't get any use out of them. If you like them and feel they them. If you like them and feel they them. If you like them and feel they might help, or you just want some fun might help, or you just want some fun might help, or you just want some fun ways to change up how you play, go ways to change up how you play, go ways to change up how you play, go ahead. But, if you're on the fence about ahead. But, if you're on the fence about ahead. But, if you're on the fence about them, don't feel like you're missing out them, don't feel like you're missing out them, don't feel like you're missing out and be at a disadvantage by not getting and be at a disadvantage by not getting and be at a disadvantage by not getting them, because like with many aspects of them, because like with many aspects of them, because like with many aspects of Beyblade, it really just boils down to Beyblade, it really just boils down to Beyblade, it really just boils down to what your personal preference is. But, what your personal preference is. But, what your personal preference is. But, those were my opinions on the top those were my opinions on the top those were my opinions on the top accessories you can currently get for accessories you can currently get for accessories you can currently get for Beyblade X. All in all, having been Beyblade X. All in all, having been Beyblade X. All in all, having been really looking forward to using these really looking forward to using these really looking forward to using these for ages, I was quite disappointed by a for ages, I was quite disappointed by a for ages, I was quite disappointed by a lot of them in how they actually lot of them in how they actually lot of them in how they actually perform. Although there's definitely perform. Although there's definitely perform. Although there's definitely some fun and useful stuff available, I'm some fun and useful stuff available, I'm some fun and useful stuff available, I'm just pretty underwhelmed by the results just pretty underwhelmed by the results just pretty underwhelmed by the results personally. But, I'm sure I've missed personally. But, I'm sure I've missed personally. But, I'm sure I've missed something off, so if I have, do let me something off, so if I have, do let me something off, so if I have, do let me know, and also, please drop your honest know, and also, please drop your honest know, and also, please drop your honest thoughts on these attachments down in thoughts on these attachments down in thoughts on these attachments down in the comments. Hit that like button, the comments. Hit that like button, the comments. Hit that like button, subscribe if you haven't already, and subscribe if you haven't already, and subscribe if you haven't already, and I'll see you next time.