Today we are in Tokyo and I am beyond
excited. This is my first time ever in
Japan. It's been on my bucket list since
forever and we're finally here and I'm
so excited. I flew in yesterday and I'm
staying in the Shibuya area. It's
currently 9:36 in the morning. First
thing on the agenda today is to get a
matcha. As an avid matcha lover that has
been one of the things I've been most
excited to try. All right guys, so we're
going to head to the Matcha Tokyo really
soon. It doesn't open until 11:00. So we
have like an hour to kill when we get
there. So I think we're just going to
shop around the area a little bit. I
know there's an Onitsuka Tiger nearby.
So we're definitely going to be heading
that up and I will see you when we get
there.
I'm here outside the Matcha Tokyo. It's
not open yet. It's 10:18. It opens at
11:00. So yeah, we have some time to
kill before 11:00. But there's a bunch
of cute shops on the street. So I think
I'm just going to walk around and see if
there's any shopping we can do. Also the
street is so quiet right now. There's
like no one here. We'll be back here
very soon. Guys, like look how dead this
street is right now. There's like no one
here. So I was going to go to Onitsuka
Tiger to do a little shopping there, but
that also doesn't open until 11:00. So I
think we're just going to have to wait
because it looks like a lot of these
stores don't open until 11:00. It's
10:25. Yeah, we're just going to wait.
See you in a bit. Okay guys, I see this
little store and it looks like they have
some graphic tees. So I'm going to check
it out.
Okay guys, so I passed a little shop
that was selling little graphic tees and
I've been wanting a graphic tee that
said I heart Tokyo. So let me show you
what I got. It looks like this. I
thought it was super cute and I'm
definitely going to get a pic in it. But
honestly, the store was so cute. It was
run by like a bunch of these like I
don't want to say old, but like older
women who were so sweet. So yeah, got a
little top.
Okay, so then I went to this vintage
designer bag store called Mix Things
because I've heard a lot of people talk
about it on TikTok and I can't recommend
this place enough if you're looking for
designer bags for a great price. They
had a huge selection of bags to choose
from. I mean, look how cute this little
Louie bag is. I knew I wasn't going to
buy anything today, but I just wanted to
browse and get an idea of what bag I
wanted because I'm definitely going to
be getting a bag before I leave Tokyo.
And they had this like secret room in
the back full of luxury bags that were
extra discounted and I have to say they
were all in pretty good condition. Like
look how cute this Miu Miu bag is. I was
definitely tempted to get it. Oh my
gosh, they had this entire wall of Louis
Vuitton bags. And if there's one thing
about me, I'm obsessed with a Louis
Vuitton bag and I fell in love with with
Dior purse and this Prada one, too. I
found some really good stuff here for a
great price, but I have to say I was
constantly doing math in my head
converting Japanese yen to USD. This is
me trying on some Chanels. They have
literally every designer brand you can
think of, and there was a whole third
floor, too. This store is massive. But
yeah, I ended up spending like almost 2
hours here just browsing everything. My
one advice would definitely be to come
here with the specific bag you want in
mind, or else you're going to be really
overwhelmed with all the options here.
I'm definitely going to be coming back
here soon, and the next place I went
[music] to was Camellia Vintage, because
this is where all the influencers go,
and I had to see what all the hype was
about. If you're looking for a Chanel
bag, this is definitely the place to go.
They had so many Chanels. I loved this
blinged-out Prada bag, and they let you
try on any bag you want. The workers
here were so, so nice. I'm not going to
lie, I tried on like 20 different bags,
and I fell in love with each and every
one of them, so I definitely have some
thinking to do about which bag I'm going
to get. The prices here were pretty
standard compared to other vintage
designer stores, and I'm pretty sure
it's tax-free, but I'm not positive. But
yeah, I highly recommend coming here.
Okay, I've been going to a lot of like
vintage bag stores, but I want to go to
some vintage clothing stores now,
because that's one of the main things
I've really been wanting is like some
vintage clothes pieces, so we're going
to look for that.
If you guys are looking to go vintage
shopping, I'd definitely come to the
Harajuku area. There are literally so
many vintage shops. I'm a little
overwhelmed, but my goal today is to go
to as many vintage stores as I possibly
can. Yeah, that's going to be my
challenge for the day.
All right, guys. So, it's 12:52 right
now, almost 1:00, and I've definitely
worked up an appetite. So, we're going
to get some sushi right now. There's a
place really close by called Kura Sushi.
I know they have that in the States, but
I've never been, and I've heard it's
really good. And I also heard it's
really cheap. So, we're heading there
now.
All right, guys. We're on our way to
Kura Sushi right now.
It's right up the escalator. I'm
excited. I got seated at my booth here
at Kura. Like, it's so cool.
The sushi literally just comes out, and
you can just take whatever you want, and
it's so cheap. Wait, I already see stuff
I want.
Okay, so while I was at lunch, I decided
to see if I could get a color analysis
appointment and it turned out they had
an available time slot, but it was in
half an hour. So, I really quickly
headed over there and I realized I never
mentioned that. So, if you're wondering
where I am in the next clip, now you
know.
How beautiful.
Thank you.
Very healthy [music] face. I like this
one.
Yeah.
Bluish face. Next bluish.
All tone pink.
Oh, too strong. Yeah.
Oh my god, so cute.
This color looks classic to you. More
lighter color.
Okay.
Uh, what are you doing?
Cool color. Warm tone basic color.
Oh, nice.
Brown a bit of
and black.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay guys, so I just got out of my color
analysis and she told me I was a spring
summer color palette, but oh my gosh,
she was so nice. I'm going to leave the
name of the salon up on the screen. I'm
so glad I did that and I'm so glad that
they had a same-day appointment cuz I
didn't think I was going to be able to
get a reservation, but yeah, that was
super fun. I definitely recommend
All right guys, I just got out of
Brandy. It was absolutely insane in
there as I expected, but luckily there
was no line outside. I really
anticipated having to wait like an hour
at least, but it was just so over
stimulating. Like it was so hard to
film. There were just so many people.
Honestly, after that, I really need a
break. Think it's time to probably get a
snack and I really want to stop at a
7-Eleven convenience store because I
know that the convenience stores here in
Japan are elite. So, we're going to head
there now.
We're here at 7-Eleven.
Okay guys, I'm like sitting at this
random bench and we're going to do a
taste test of everything that I got.
Okay, so I found this drink. I got it
cuz I've no idea what flavor it is, but
I honestly have no idea what that is. I
don't know if it's like pomegranates or
like radishes, but it looked interesting
so we're going to try it.
Smells like nothing.
Wait, that's really good and that's
definitely lychee. That's really good. I
love lychee. Okay, then I got this
Minute Maid zero sugar drink. It's
lychee. I didn't realize I got two
lychee drinks.
Wait, sorry. This is not lychee. This is
definitely white peach and I love white
peaches too. My favorite things in the
convenience stores in Japan are these
little like jelly pouches and I got a
white peach one because clearly I love
white peaches, but they're so like
addicting.
It's like a jelly that you just like
chew.
They're so good. I got these little
pancakes. They say they're pancakes with
sweet red bean paste and whipped cream.
Don't got to tempt me with a good time.
They look so fluffy. Okay.
Really good.
All right, guys. So, it's a little bit
later. It's like almost 7:00 right now,
and I'm going to be getting dinner soon,
and I've decided that we're going to go
to Ichiran for dinner cuz it's like one
of the best ramen spots. I'm really
excited for that, but first, I got a
Sonny Angel today, and I figured we'd do
a little Sonny Angel unboxing together.
I got the fruit series ones. I'm not
like the biggest Sonny Angels like stan.
Like, I'm not like a fanatic like that,
but I do think they're really cute.
We're in Japan, I figured I'd have to
get one. And also, they're like
significantly cheaper here in Japan than
they are in the States. I honestly don't
even care which one I get as long as
it's not the ones I already have.
Oh my gosh, wait.
It's the pear. Wait, it's actually
really cute. I think this one's
adorable. I think I'm just going to
chill for a bit and maybe take like a
really short nap cuz I've just been go
go go all day, and I could use a break.
But, I also wanted to show you guys the
sneakers that I got from Onitsuka Tiger.
I did get my pair of the pair, and I'm
obsessed with them. I know like I'm kind
of late to the trend of Onitsuka Tiger
sneakers, but I did get the yellow and
black sneaker, and I don't know. I've
been wanting a pair of these for the
longest time. I know everyone already
has them, but I'm so excited to start
wearing these, and I already know I'm
going to wear these so much. All right,
I am going to chill for a bit, and then
I'll see you at dinner.
Ooh.
