Today we are in Tokyo and I am beyond Today we are in Tokyo and I am beyond Today we are in Tokyo and I am beyond excited. This is my first time ever in excited. This is my first time ever in excited. This is my first time ever in Japan. It's been on my bucket list since Japan. It's been on my bucket list since Japan. It's been on my bucket list since forever and we're finally here and I'm forever and we're finally here and I'm forever and we're finally here and I'm so excited. I flew in yesterday and I'm so excited. I flew in yesterday and I'm so excited. I flew in yesterday and I'm staying in the Shibuya area. It's staying in the Shibuya area. It's staying in the Shibuya area. It's currently 9:36 in the morning. First currently 9:36 in the morning. First currently 9:36 in the morning. First thing on the agenda today is to get a thing on the agenda today is to get a thing on the agenda today is to get a matcha. As an avid matcha lover that has matcha. As an avid matcha lover that has matcha. As an avid matcha lover that has been one of the things I've been most been one of the things I've been most been one of the things I've been most excited to try. All right guys, so we're excited to try. All right guys, so we're excited to try. All right guys, so we're going to head to the Matcha Tokyo really going to head to the Matcha Tokyo really going to head to the Matcha Tokyo really soon. It doesn't open until 11:00. So we soon. It doesn't open until 11:00. So we soon. It doesn't open until 11:00. So we have like an hour to kill when we get have like an hour to kill when we get have like an hour to kill when we get there. So I think we're just going to there. So I think we're just going to there. So I think we're just going to shop around the area a little bit. I shop around the area a little bit. I shop around the area a little bit. I know there's an Onitsuka Tiger nearby. know there's an Onitsuka Tiger nearby. know there's an Onitsuka Tiger nearby. So we're definitely going to be heading So we're definitely going to be heading So we're definitely going to be heading that up and I will see you when we get that up and I will see you when we get that up and I will see you when we get there. I'm here outside the Matcha Tokyo. It's I'm here outside the Matcha Tokyo. It's I'm here outside the Matcha Tokyo. It's not open yet. It's 10:18. It opens at not open yet. It's 10:18. It opens at not open yet. It's 10:18. It opens at 11:00. So yeah, we have some time to 11:00. So yeah, we have some time to 11:00. So yeah, we have some time to kill before 11:00. But there's a bunch kill before 11:00. But there's a bunch kill before 11:00. But there's a bunch of cute shops on the street. So I think of cute shops on the street. So I think of cute shops on the street. So I think I'm just going to walk around and see if I'm just going to walk around and see if I'm just going to walk around and see if there's any shopping we can do. Also the there's any shopping we can do. Also the there's any shopping we can do. Also the street is so quiet right now. There's street is so quiet right now. There's street is so quiet right now. There's like no one here. We'll be back here like no one here. We'll be back here like no one here. We'll be back here very soon. Guys, like look how dead this very soon. Guys, like look how dead this very soon. Guys, like look how dead this street is right now. There's like no one street is right now. There's like no one street is right now. There's like no one here. So I was going to go to Onitsuka here. So I was going to go to Onitsuka here. So I was going to go to Onitsuka Tiger to do a little shopping there, but Tiger to do a little shopping there, but Tiger to do a little shopping there, but that also doesn't open until 11:00. So I that also doesn't open until 11:00. So I that also doesn't open until 11:00. So I think we're just going to have to wait think we're just going to have to wait think we're just going to have to wait because it looks like a lot of these because it looks like a lot of these because it looks like a lot of these stores don't open until 11:00. It's stores don't open until 11:00. It's stores don't open until 11:00. It's 10:25. Yeah, we're just going to wait. 10:25. Yeah, we're just going to wait. 10:25. Yeah, we're just going to wait. See you in a bit. Okay guys, I see this See you in a bit. Okay guys, I see this See you in a bit. Okay guys, I see this little store and it looks like they have little store and it looks like they have little store and it looks like they have some graphic tees. So I'm going to check some graphic tees. So I'm going to check some graphic tees. So I'm going to check it out. >> Okay guys, so I passed a little shop >> Okay guys, so I passed a little shop >> Okay guys, so I passed a little shop that was selling little graphic tees and that was selling little graphic tees and that was selling little graphic tees and I've been wanting a graphic tee that I've been wanting a graphic tee that I've been wanting a graphic tee that said I heart Tokyo. So let me show you said I heart Tokyo. So let me show you said I heart Tokyo. So let me show you what I got. It looks like this. I what I got. It looks like this. I what I got. It looks like this. I thought it was super cute and I'm thought it was super cute and I'm thought it was super cute and I'm definitely going to get a pic in it. But definitely going to get a pic in it. But definitely going to get a pic in it. But honestly, the store was so cute. It was honestly, the store was so cute. It was honestly, the store was so cute. It was run by like a bunch of these like I run by like a bunch of these like I run by like a bunch of these like I don't want to say old, but like older don't want to say old, but like older don't want to say old, but like older women who were so sweet. So yeah, got a women who were so sweet. So yeah, got a women who were so sweet. So yeah, got a little top. Okay, so then I went to this vintage Okay, so then I went to this vintage Okay, so then I went to this vintage designer bag store called Mix Things designer bag store called Mix Things designer bag store called Mix Things because I've heard a lot of people talk because I've heard a lot of people talk because I've heard a lot of people talk about it on TikTok and I can't recommend about it on TikTok and I can't recommend about it on TikTok and I can't recommend this place enough if you're looking for this place enough if you're looking for this place enough if you're looking for designer bags for a great price. They designer bags for a great price. They designer bags for a great price. They had a huge selection of bags to choose had a huge selection of bags to choose had a huge selection of bags to choose from. I mean, look how cute this little from. I mean, look how cute this little from. I mean, look how cute this little Louie bag is. I knew I wasn't going to Louie bag is. I knew I wasn't going to Louie bag is. I knew I wasn't going to buy anything today, but I just wanted to buy anything today, but I just wanted to buy anything today, but I just wanted to browse and get an idea of what bag I browse and get an idea of what bag I browse and get an idea of what bag I wanted because I'm definitely going to wanted because I'm definitely going to wanted because I'm definitely going to be getting a bag before I leave Tokyo. be getting a bag before I leave Tokyo. be getting a bag before I leave Tokyo. And they had this like secret room in And they had this like secret room in And they had this like secret room in the back full of luxury bags that were the back full of luxury bags that were the back full of luxury bags that were extra discounted and I have to say they extra discounted and I have to say they extra discounted and I have to say they were all in pretty good condition. Like were all in pretty good condition. Like were all in pretty good condition. Like look how cute this Miu Miu bag is. I was look how cute this Miu Miu bag is. I was look how cute this Miu Miu bag is. I was definitely tempted to get it. Oh my definitely tempted to get it. Oh my definitely tempted to get it. Oh my gosh, they had this entire wall of Louis gosh, they had this entire wall of Louis gosh, they had this entire wall of Louis Vuitton bags. And if there's one thing Vuitton bags. And if there's one thing Vuitton bags. And if there's one thing about me, I'm obsessed with a Louis about me, I'm obsessed with a Louis about me, I'm obsessed with a Louis Vuitton bag and I fell in love with with Vuitton bag and I fell in love with with Vuitton bag and I fell in love with with Dior purse and this Prada one, too. I Dior purse and this Prada one, too. I Dior purse and this Prada one, too. I found some really good stuff here for a found some really good stuff here for a found some really good stuff here for a great price, but I have to say I was great price, but I have to say I was great price, but I have to say I was constantly doing math in my head constantly doing math in my head constantly doing math in my head converting Japanese yen to USD. This is converting Japanese yen to USD. This is converting Japanese yen to USD. This is me trying on some Chanels. They have me trying on some Chanels. They have me trying on some Chanels. They have literally every designer brand you can literally every designer brand you can literally every designer brand you can think of, and there was a whole third think of, and there was a whole third think of, and there was a whole third floor, too. This store is massive. But floor, too. This store is massive. But floor, too. This store is massive. But yeah, I ended up spending like almost 2 yeah, I ended up spending like almost 2 yeah, I ended up spending like almost 2 hours here just browsing everything. My hours here just browsing everything. My hours here just browsing everything. My one advice would definitely be to come one advice would definitely be to come one advice would definitely be to come here with the specific bag you want in here with the specific bag you want in here with the specific bag you want in mind, or else you're going to be really mind, or else you're going to be really mind, or else you're going to be really overwhelmed with all the options here. overwhelmed with all the options here. overwhelmed with all the options here. I'm definitely going to be coming back I'm definitely going to be coming back I'm definitely going to be coming back here soon, and the next place I went here soon, and the next place I went here soon, and the next place I went [music] to was Camellia Vintage, because [music] to was Camellia Vintage, because [music] to was Camellia Vintage, because this is where all the influencers go, this is where all the influencers go, this is where all the influencers go, and I had to see what all the hype was and I had to see what all the hype was and I had to see what all the hype was about. If you're looking for a Chanel about. If you're looking for a Chanel about. If you're looking for a Chanel bag, this is definitely the place to go. bag, this is definitely the place to go. bag, this is definitely the place to go. They had so many Chanels. I loved this They had so many Chanels. I loved this They had so many Chanels. I loved this blinged-out Prada bag, and they let you blinged-out Prada bag, and they let you blinged-out Prada bag, and they let you try on any bag you want. The workers try on any bag you want. The workers try on any bag you want. The workers here were so, so nice. I'm not going to here were so, so nice. I'm not going to here were so, so nice. I'm not going to lie, I tried on like 20 different bags, lie, I tried on like 20 different bags, lie, I tried on like 20 different bags, and I fell in love with each and every and I fell in love with each and every and I fell in love with each and every one of them, so I definitely have some one of them, so I definitely have some one of them, so I definitely have some thinking to do about which bag I'm going thinking to do about which bag I'm going thinking to do about which bag I'm going to get. The prices here were pretty to get. The prices here were pretty to get. The prices here were pretty standard compared to other vintage standard compared to other vintage standard compared to other vintage designer stores, and I'm pretty sure designer stores, and I'm pretty sure designer stores, and I'm pretty sure it's tax-free, but I'm not positive. But it's tax-free, but I'm not positive. But it's tax-free, but I'm not positive. But yeah, I highly recommend coming here. yeah, I highly recommend coming here. yeah, I highly recommend coming here. Okay, I've been going to a lot of like Okay, I've been going to a lot of like Okay, I've been going to a lot of like vintage bag stores, but I want to go to vintage bag stores, but I want to go to vintage bag stores, but I want to go to some vintage clothing stores now, some vintage clothing stores now, some vintage clothing stores now, because that's one of the main things because that's one of the main things because that's one of the main things I've really been wanting is like some I've really been wanting is like some I've really been wanting is like some vintage clothes pieces, so we're going vintage clothes pieces, so we're going vintage clothes pieces, so we're going to look for that. If you guys are looking to go vintage If you guys are looking to go vintage If you guys are looking to go vintage shopping, I'd definitely come to the shopping, I'd definitely come to the shopping, I'd definitely come to the Harajuku area. There are literally so Harajuku area. There are literally so Harajuku area. There are literally so many vintage shops. I'm a little many vintage shops. I'm a little many vintage shops. I'm a little overwhelmed, but my goal today is to go overwhelmed, but my goal today is to go overwhelmed, but my goal today is to go to as many vintage stores as I possibly to as many vintage stores as I possibly to as many vintage stores as I possibly can. Yeah, that's going to be my can. Yeah, that's going to be my can. Yeah, that's going to be my challenge for the day. All right, guys. So, it's 12:52 right All right, guys. So, it's 12:52 right All right, guys. So, it's 12:52 right now, almost 1:00, and I've definitely now, almost 1:00, and I've definitely now, almost 1:00, and I've definitely worked up an appetite. So, we're going worked up an appetite. So, we're going worked up an appetite. So, we're going to get some sushi right now. There's a to get some sushi right now. There's a to get some sushi right now. There's a place really close by called Kura Sushi. place really close by called Kura Sushi. place really close by called Kura Sushi. I know they have that in the States, but I know they have that in the States, but I know they have that in the States, but I've never been, and I've heard it's I've never been, and I've heard it's I've never been, and I've heard it's really good. And I also heard it's really good. And I also heard it's really good. And I also heard it's really cheap. So, we're heading there really cheap. So, we're heading there really cheap. So, we're heading there now. All right, guys. We're on our way to All right, guys. We're on our way to All right, guys. We're on our way to Kura Sushi right now. Kura Sushi right now. Kura Sushi right now. It's right up the escalator. I'm It's right up the escalator. I'm It's right up the escalator. I'm excited. I got seated at my booth here excited. I got seated at my booth here excited. I got seated at my booth here at Kura. Like, it's so cool. at Kura. Like, it's so cool. at Kura. Like, it's so cool. The sushi literally just comes out, and The sushi literally just comes out, and The sushi literally just comes out, and you can just take whatever you want, and you can just take whatever you want, and you can just take whatever you want, and it's so cheap. Wait, I already see stuff it's so cheap. Wait, I already see stuff it's so cheap. Wait, I already see stuff I want. >> [music] >> Okay, so while I was at lunch, I decided >> Okay, so while I was at lunch, I decided >> Okay, so while I was at lunch, I decided to see if I could get a color analysis to see if I could get a color analysis to see if I could get a color analysis appointment and it turned out they had appointment and it turned out they had appointment and it turned out they had an available time slot, but it was in an available time slot, but it was in an available time slot, but it was in half an hour. So, I really quickly half an hour. So, I really quickly half an hour. So, I really quickly headed over there and I realized I never headed over there and I realized I never headed over there and I realized I never mentioned that. So, if you're wondering mentioned that. So, if you're wondering mentioned that. So, if you're wondering where I am in the next clip, now you where I am in the next clip, now you where I am in the next clip, now you know. >> How beautiful. >> How beautiful. >> How beautiful. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Thank you. >> Very healthy [music] face. I like this >> Very healthy [music] face. I like this >> Very healthy [music] face. I like this one. one. one. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Bluish face. Next bluish. >> Bluish face. Next bluish. >> Bluish face. Next bluish. All tone pink. All tone pink. All tone pink. Oh, too strong. Yeah. >> Oh my god, so cute. >> This color looks classic to you. More >> This color looks classic to you. More >> This color looks classic to you. More lighter color. lighter color. lighter color. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Uh, what are you doing? >> Uh, what are you doing? >> Uh, what are you doing? Cool color. Warm tone basic color. Oh, nice. Oh, nice. Oh, nice. Brown a bit of Brown a bit of Brown a bit of >> and black. >> and black. >> and black. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Okay guys, so I just got out of my color >> Okay guys, so I just got out of my color >> Okay guys, so I just got out of my color analysis and she told me I was a spring analysis and she told me I was a spring analysis and she told me I was a spring summer color palette, but oh my gosh, summer color palette, but oh my gosh, summer color palette, but oh my gosh, she was so nice. I'm going to leave the she was so nice. I'm going to leave the she was so nice. I'm going to leave the name of the salon up on the screen. I'm name of the salon up on the screen. I'm name of the salon up on the screen. I'm so glad I did that and I'm so glad that so glad I did that and I'm so glad that so glad I did that and I'm so glad that they had a same-day appointment cuz I they had a same-day appointment cuz I they had a same-day appointment cuz I didn't think I was going to be able to didn't think I was going to be able to didn't think I was going to be able to get a reservation, but yeah, that was get a reservation, but yeah, that was get a reservation, but yeah, that was super fun. I definitely recommend super fun. I definitely recommend super fun. I definitely recommend All right guys, I just got out of All right guys, I just got out of All right guys, I just got out of Brandy. It was absolutely insane in Brandy. It was absolutely insane in Brandy. It was absolutely insane in there as I expected, but luckily there there as I expected, but luckily there there as I expected, but luckily there was no line outside. I really was no line outside. I really was no line outside. I really anticipated having to wait like an hour anticipated having to wait like an hour anticipated having to wait like an hour at least, but it was just so over at least, but it was just so over at least, but it was just so over stimulating. Like it was so hard to stimulating. Like it was so hard to stimulating. Like it was so hard to film. There were just so many people. film. There were just so many people. film. There were just so many people. Honestly, after that, I really need a Honestly, after that, I really need a Honestly, after that, I really need a break. Think it's time to probably get a break. Think it's time to probably get a break. Think it's time to probably get a snack and I really want to stop at a snack and I really want to stop at a snack and I really want to stop at a 7-Eleven convenience store because I 7-Eleven convenience store because I 7-Eleven convenience store because I know that the convenience stores here in know that the convenience stores here in know that the convenience stores here in Japan are elite. So, we're going to head Japan are elite. So, we're going to head Japan are elite. So, we're going to head there now. We're here at 7-Eleven. >> Okay guys, I'm like sitting at this >> Okay guys, I'm like sitting at this >> Okay guys, I'm like sitting at this random bench and we're going to do a random bench and we're going to do a random bench and we're going to do a taste test of everything that I got. taste test of everything that I got. taste test of everything that I got. Okay, so I found this drink. I got it Okay, so I found this drink. I got it Okay, so I found this drink. I got it cuz I've no idea what flavor it is, but cuz I've no idea what flavor it is, but cuz I've no idea what flavor it is, but I honestly have no idea what that is. I I honestly have no idea what that is. I I honestly have no idea what that is. I don't know if it's like pomegranates or don't know if it's like pomegranates or don't know if it's like pomegranates or like radishes, but it looked interesting like radishes, but it looked interesting like radishes, but it looked interesting so we're going to try it. Smells like nothing. Smells like nothing. Smells like nothing. Wait, that's really good and that's Wait, that's really good and that's Wait, that's really good and that's definitely lychee. That's really good. I definitely lychee. That's really good. I definitely lychee. That's really good. I love lychee. Okay, then I got this love lychee. Okay, then I got this love lychee. Okay, then I got this Minute Maid zero sugar drink. It's Minute Maid zero sugar drink. It's Minute Maid zero sugar drink. It's lychee. I didn't realize I got two lychee. I didn't realize I got two lychee. I didn't realize I got two lychee drinks. lychee drinks. lychee drinks. Wait, sorry. This is not lychee. This is Wait, sorry. This is not lychee. This is Wait, sorry. This is not lychee. This is definitely white peach and I love white definitely white peach and I love white definitely white peach and I love white peaches too. My favorite things in the peaches too. My favorite things in the peaches too. My favorite things in the convenience stores in Japan are these convenience stores in Japan are these convenience stores in Japan are these little like jelly pouches and I got a little like jelly pouches and I got a little like jelly pouches and I got a white peach one because clearly I love white peach one because clearly I love white peach one because clearly I love white peaches, but they're so like white peaches, but they're so like white peaches, but they're so like addicting. It's like a jelly that you just like It's like a jelly that you just like It's like a jelly that you just like chew. chew. chew. They're so good. I got these little They're so good. I got these little They're so good. I got these little pancakes. They say they're pancakes with pancakes. They say they're pancakes with pancakes. They say they're pancakes with sweet red bean paste and whipped cream. sweet red bean paste and whipped cream. sweet red bean paste and whipped cream. Don't got to tempt me with a good time. Don't got to tempt me with a good time. Don't got to tempt me with a good time. They look so fluffy. Okay. Really good. >> All right, guys. So, it's a little bit >> All right, guys. So, it's a little bit >> All right, guys. So, it's a little bit later. It's like almost 7:00 right now, later. It's like almost 7:00 right now, later. It's like almost 7:00 right now, and I'm going to be getting dinner soon, and I'm going to be getting dinner soon, and I'm going to be getting dinner soon, and I've decided that we're going to go and I've decided that we're going to go and I've decided that we're going to go to Ichiran for dinner cuz it's like one to Ichiran for dinner cuz it's like one to Ichiran for dinner cuz it's like one of the best ramen spots. I'm really of the best ramen spots. I'm really of the best ramen spots. I'm really excited for that, but first, I got a excited for that, but first, I got a excited for that, but first, I got a Sonny Angel today, and I figured we'd do Sonny Angel today, and I figured we'd do Sonny Angel today, and I figured we'd do a little Sonny Angel unboxing together. a little Sonny Angel unboxing together. a little Sonny Angel unboxing together. I got the fruit series ones. I'm not I got the fruit series ones. I'm not I got the fruit series ones. I'm not like the biggest Sonny Angels like stan. like the biggest Sonny Angels like stan. like the biggest Sonny Angels like stan. Like, I'm not like a fanatic like that, Like, I'm not like a fanatic like that, Like, I'm not like a fanatic like that, but I do think they're really cute. but I do think they're really cute. but I do think they're really cute. We're in Japan, I figured I'd have to We're in Japan, I figured I'd have to We're in Japan, I figured I'd have to get one. And also, they're like get one. And also, they're like get one. And also, they're like significantly cheaper here in Japan than significantly cheaper here in Japan than significantly cheaper here in Japan than they are in the States. I honestly don't they are in the States. I honestly don't they are in the States. I honestly don't even care which one I get as long as even care which one I get as long as even care which one I get as long as it's not the ones I already have. it's not the ones I already have. it's not the ones I already have. Oh my gosh, wait. Oh my gosh, wait. Oh my gosh, wait. It's the pear. Wait, it's actually It's the pear. Wait, it's actually It's the pear. Wait, it's actually really cute. I think this one's really cute. I think this one's really cute. I think this one's adorable. I think I'm just going to adorable. I think I'm just going to adorable. I think I'm just going to chill for a bit and maybe take like a chill for a bit and maybe take like a chill for a bit and maybe take like a really short nap cuz I've just been go really short nap cuz I've just been go really short nap cuz I've just been go go go all day, and I could use a break. go go all day, and I could use a break. go go all day, and I could use a break. But, I also wanted to show you guys the But, I also wanted to show you guys the But, I also wanted to show you guys the sneakers that I got from Onitsuka Tiger. sneakers that I got from Onitsuka Tiger. sneakers that I got from Onitsuka Tiger. I did get my pair of the pair, and I'm I did get my pair of the pair, and I'm I did get my pair of the pair, and I'm obsessed with them. I know like I'm kind obsessed with them. I know like I'm kind obsessed with them. I know like I'm kind of late to the trend of Onitsuka Tiger of late to the trend of Onitsuka Tiger of late to the trend of Onitsuka Tiger sneakers, but I did get the yellow and sneakers, but I did get the yellow and sneakers, but I did get the yellow and black sneaker, and I don't know. I've black sneaker, and I don't know. I've black sneaker, and I don't know. I've been wanting a pair of these for the been wanting a pair of these for the been wanting a pair of these for the longest time. I know everyone already longest time. I know everyone already longest time. I know everyone already has them, but I'm so excited to start has them, but I'm so excited to start has them, but I'm so excited to start wearing these, and I already know I'm wearing these, and I already know I'm wearing these, and I already know I'm going to wear these so much. All right, going to wear these so much. All right, going to wear these so much. All right, I am going to chill for a bit, and then I am going to chill for a bit, and then I am going to chill for a bit, and then I'll see you at dinner. >> Ooh. Ooh. >> [music] >> Ooh.