So today I am going to stay in a place
where spirits live. [Music] It is
believed that anyone who commits
suicide or has an
accident on these mountains, their souls keep
wandering either on the river bank or in these mountains.
So keeping these things in mind,
I am going to stay up all night today. I am going to
see more in these mountains
whether there is really such a negative vibe here.
Right now we're looking for a safe and secure place here.
Where we will set up this tent
and stay the whole night.
We have to stay here the whole night.
Exactly.
Oh my God, do you know that as
beautiful as these mountains look,
they become more and more scary as the night progresses.
Guys, finally we have
found the place where we are going to set up our tent and
stay for the whole night. And that is the mysterious
mountain of Uttarakhand. Where it is believed that
a fairy named Aanchari Devi lives and whoever
wears red or yellow colored clothes gets
attracted to them, that is, she likes them and
takes them with her, that is why my team made me
change my clothes first of all because the
mountain is very nearby. Everyone in Uttarakhand
knows that one should
not roam around with open hair near the mountains because whatever
spirits there are, they stick to you, otherwise
first of all tie your hair and start
tonight [Music] Guys,
we have to stay there the whole night, so right now
we have come to arrange for some food and drinks.
We will take water from the river and Triguna, you will
collect stones and make a stove and
cook food in it. Then I
thought we need big stones. I have taken the
stones and will make a stove with the help of matches. I have
also taken water. Now let's cook something. It is
very dark, we will have to
arrange for some light. We will
make a torch.
For that, we need a big stick. Let's
find the wood. First of all, come,
where will we get wood in this forest?
Come slowly. It is night, come slowly.
Sejan, I ca
n't even see anything. It is getting so dark.
I can't see anything, mother.
Hey, break it.
Oh, this is very high. I can't get my hands on this. Pick
me up. Friend, I want to make a torch. I
got the wood with so much difficulty. Pick up the pouch. Stand
straight.
Break it quickly.
Break it,
tie it, tie it. He is
tying it comfortably and applying oil on it.
This torch will save us from this darkness the whole night.
Our torch is ready. I'll
bring two stones so we can start a fire [music]. I will do it crookedly.
How did people light fire in the old days? Are you coming? It is
coming. The spark is coming. The
spark will come now, right?
Let me try it. The
stones are wet. There is no spark. You
try it. Today we will light a fire with stones
like in the old times. I will do it, I will do it.
Look, you do
n't know how to hit like this, friend. Take it,
you kill me, you kill me. Girls have anyway
come to set fire. Do
n't play with my heart.
How did people light fire in the past?
We burn ours in a second [praise] now at
home.
Thinking.
How long will they sit there to burn it?
Think you are from the old times. You are married. When
your husband comes, make rotis. You keep rubbing him,
he will die of hunger. [laughs]
I'll just tell my husband to go and make it himself.
What will happen on that hunt? Eat
I will say, I will go hunting, you make the bread.
Then you yourself will come as a victim.
spark spark spark will be I I I I.
What to make now?
Dude, can you make Maggi and is there anything else to make?
Children, don't stop here. At night, son. There is a
danger from wild animals. There are
hills and a river nearby. Anything can happen.
Ok? Still, your safety is very important.
Just going, going.
Correct.
Brother, what did uncle say?
Friend, he said that wild animals come from here. The
water is not safe. You mean, because of your experience
or something,
friend, nothing like that happens.
Friend, still if someone comes or something comes.
Man, these local people scare the tourists. Nothing happens. The
river is a mountain. What will
happen here at night?
Wild animals come only to the river and mountains.
Friend, you were fine till now. So that uncle
said ignore him
not the uncle I was feeling some negative
feeling here before also I did not say anything I am not hearing any
faint sounds I don't know not any
sounds I am feeling like there is someone
here besides us
come on you make Maggi friend why are you getting tensed come on let's
burn the wood once
[sound of clearing throat] all the wood is wet
here
you know an uncle has just come here he says
[music] don't stop here wild animals come
here and secondly there is a river and mountain
so it is not safe to stay here
your
brother where are you going stop
[screaming sound] hey friend there is nothing wrong
stay together stay together
all of us
together [music] don't be afraid listen to me let's go
in the tent don't be afraid friend you don't go
in the tent
brother come in the tent
but I am getting very scared friend
I already told you guys
nothing happens here it is adventurous we have to check if there are
really such spirits here
or not why are you getting tensed give me
some time now It has not happened yet as the night
progresses something or the other will come here, let's
play Antakshi, don't pass the time, you are
crazy, it will be fun,
friend, we met through that voice, didn't you hear,
this was the saying that after listening to someone's song, she took
him with her, didn't you hear, it is not a
song. Don't sing, let's do one thing. Listen to me.
I have an
idea. What if we sing an English song?
Yes.
Friend, a song is a song, isn't it?
He is an Indian, isn't he?
Hey, are you crazy? Song song
baby baby
bye bye. Tell me if anyone is wearing perfume. You do
n't have to wear perfume.
Who tied your hair first?
Hair tie. She will get us killed. This will get us
killed.
Hair tie. Listen friend, I am feeling very hungry.
Come on, let's cook some nice food. The
ghost will kill you later. I will die first through my mouth.
Why is the tent moving? Look how fast the wind is blowing. The
wind is blowing.
Friend, you sit holding the tent, otherwise the
tent will fly away. We have only one tent in which we
can spend the night.
And if Bhulu the bear comes, does he tear the tow-vent
?
I've never been camping, I don't know. The
bear can see in the dark.
He can see it. The
bear is so big that it can
pick up all four of us together.
He eats it.
Yes sir. It is a wild animal. It is an elephant.
Mine is 20 right now
and it's so windy.
That too is my birthday. You made your birthday,
right?
But friend Shadi,
you guys are joking,
I am really scared.
Friend, cook food, friend, go out, are you
taking tension like this?
I have no idea.
What what?
Wild animals are afraid of fire. If we
set the fire somehow, let's do one thing, I do
n't have an extra shirt. We set it on fire. They
set the shirt on fire and tie it to the wood. The
torch will be saved and wild
animals will also not be able to come. Come on, come on,
hurry up.
Come on, give me your shirt. [laughter]
Give me the shirt. The
rich man did not see that he started begging like a beggar.
Guys will eat great Maggi. We've got the lights on
[music]. Now listen Mashal, you
make Maggi. I came back from the washroom. I will look in the forest, I might find you
somewhere. Catch it and refuse.
I will come along.
Hey, I will go slowly. Don't worry.
You make it. Don't
go too far.
Ok.
I went to the washroom all alone in the dark of the night amidst these mountains.
But [music] I didn't know it would happen to me.
Dude, Maggi
is ready. It's quite late now, Sejal hasn't come yet.
I will find Sejal.
Friend, please go quickly. It's been a long time, friend,
please.
Sejal [music] Sejal
who is this?
Baba Baba,
tell me what's the matter.
Baba Baba, every girl has gone from here.
I told that girl. You tell me here.
Baba, where is that girl? Baba, with whom did that girl go
?
You will not get that girl now. [MUSIC]
He's surrounded by spirits.
Sejal,
you also go away from here. You will die when everyone
dies, you did not listen to me. You will also
die.
Sejal Sejal
stand up Sejal. Sejal
run away from here. What happened to Sejal?
I was found unconscious in the forest. Take this here.
Bring it here. Water wait
here Sejal water water.
Sejal
water?
Sejal.
Stand up Sejal. Sejal in the forest. I
found her unconscious in the forest.
I told him that. Don't let him go
alone. I told you not to let
him go alone.
But he did not agree.
Sejal what happened? How did you get unconscious there
? Someone
yes
someone was there who some
baba was wearing black clothes black
clothes
black clothes he threw something at me it was a ghost that's why
something else of mine
I think we should go to baba
so you go friend you go from here friend friend
you go from here really come friend I like to
sit with baba where where
baba
there wait
we will go and see
yes you stay here with this one we will go and see
near this one yes come let's go here
yes come here right here that baba was there this this belongs to
that baba where did that
baba go where did he go I think the
place is not free from danger come let's go take him along
yes come let's go listen where is that baba there now
there is something wrong friend friend he is
not there only his chutney
is needed there let's go friend let's go
home that is happening
this is getting scary friend let's go
from here
comfortably the
stuff is lying friend let's go from here where are your slippers come let's go let's go
okay
you go okay okay okay
listen do one thing wash your face you will
feel fresh
let's freshen up a bit
yes I am going, he is
very scared,
yes friend, Baba, I also saw him
Sejal
what happened?
What happened? Was
anyone here?
Who? There is no one here.
Where did that same Baba come here? Was here was here.
I washed my face right here. There is no
one here. There is no one. There
is nothing here. Listen, we are with you.
You take rest.
Come on, take some rest. There is
no one here. Come, lie down.
You lie down. Yes, we are with you. Bring water, bring
water.
Please sleep here, sir. I am feeling very scared. Sleep
here. Sleep here, sleep here. Hey, there's nothing to be
afraid of. No, it's
okay. Ok. Ok. We are right here.
What happened right here?
What happened? Here it is. There is no
one. There is no one here. There is no one.
Went from here. Did you just leave from here? There is no
one. Just
gone from here [screaming sound]. No
one is here. [laughter]
What would we have seen? We will come out and see. There
is no one there.
Just gone, friend. Oh, I am seeing this again and again,
he is coming somewhere here, friend, who was he, friend,
I have not done anything with anyone, she is getting
heated up, she is getting heated up, she is getting
very heated up, friend, come and get her
checked by the doctor, friend, come on, come on
[laughs], let's go to the doctor, friend,
she is outside here, there is no
one there, come on, pick up the
car keys, this is
yours, nothing is there, come on, let's take
her to the doctor, let's take her to the doctor, I am
starting the car, friend, she was
there,
come on, sit, sit quickly,
why is this car not starting, the
car is not starting.
What happened to the car? Self installed.
What happened?
Baba, here it is, here it is, Baba, here it is. There is no
one here.
This is not there.
Not there. Was
not there. Here it is, here it is in the mirror. There is no
one here. There is no one. It is
not here either. There is no
one here.
Friend, he was there but he was right here. I keep seeing it again and again
[screaming sound]. No. Let's take him
home.
I have the medicine, he has fever, his
fever is increasing. I have medicines. Come on, come on, come on, come on. Enter
Dadri here. No
problem, come on, come on.
So finally, I've safely returned home from the mountains.
And I would like to say that
now I am saved. My health
deteriorated a lot, I had a fever but I
saw some such energy there, that's why
but whatever everyone says about the mountains that there is
energy there, it is
true brother, so if you also go to such a place, then
be safe and believe what the local
people of the mountains say,
I really felt such things there [Music], that's why all this
happened to me and do
n't make this challenge like me, brother, it will prove very costly [Music],
thank you hmm!
