So today I am going to stay in a place So today I am going to stay in a place So today I am going to stay in a place where spirits live.  [Music] It is where spirits live.  [Music] It is where spirits live.  [Music] It is believed that anyone who commits believed that anyone who commits believed that anyone who commits suicide or has an suicide or has an suicide or has an accident on these mountains, their souls keep accident on these mountains, their souls keep accident on these mountains, their souls keep wandering either on the river bank or in these mountains. wandering either on the river bank or in these mountains. wandering either on the river bank or in these mountains. So keeping these things in mind, So keeping these things in mind, So keeping these things in mind, I am going to stay up all night today.  I am going to I am going to stay up all night today.  I am going to I am going to stay up all night today.  I am going to see more in these mountains see more in these mountains see more in these mountains whether there is really such a negative vibe here. whether there is really such a negative vibe here. whether there is really such a negative vibe here. Right now we're looking for a safe and secure place here. Right now we're looking for a safe and secure place here. Right now we're looking for a safe and secure place here. Where we will set up this tent Where we will set up this tent Where we will set up this tent and stay the whole night. and stay the whole night. and stay the whole night. We have to stay here the whole night. We have to stay here the whole night. We have to stay here the whole night. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Oh my God, do you know that as Oh my God, do you know that as Oh my God, do you know that as beautiful as these mountains look, beautiful as these mountains look, beautiful as these mountains look, they become more and more scary as the night progresses. they become more and more scary as the night progresses. they become more and more scary as the night progresses. Guys, finally we have Guys, finally we have Guys, finally we have found the place where we are going to set up our tent and found the place where we are going to set up our tent and found the place where we are going to set up our tent and stay for the whole night.  And that is the mysterious stay for the whole night.  And that is the mysterious stay for the whole night.  And that is the mysterious mountain of Uttarakhand.  Where it is believed that mountain of Uttarakhand.  Where it is believed that mountain of Uttarakhand.  Where it is believed that a fairy named Aanchari Devi lives and whoever a fairy named Aanchari Devi lives and whoever a fairy named Aanchari Devi lives and whoever wears red or yellow colored clothes gets wears red or yellow colored clothes gets wears red or yellow colored clothes gets attracted to them, that is, she likes them and attracted to them, that is, she likes them and attracted to them, that is, she likes them and takes them with her, that is why my team made me takes them with her, that is why my team made me takes them with her, that is why my team made me change my clothes first of all because the change my clothes first of all because the change my clothes first of all because the mountain is very nearby.  Everyone in Uttarakhand mountain is very nearby.  Everyone in Uttarakhand mountain is very nearby.  Everyone in Uttarakhand knows that one should knows that one should knows that one should not roam around with open hair near the mountains because whatever not roam around with open hair near the mountains because whatever not roam around with open hair near the mountains because whatever spirits there are, they stick to you, otherwise spirits there are, they stick to you, otherwise spirits there are, they stick to you, otherwise first of all tie your hair and start first of all tie your hair and start first of all tie your hair and start tonight [Music] Guys, we have to stay there the whole night, so right now we have to stay there the whole night, so right now we have to stay there the whole night, so right now we have come to arrange for some food and drinks. we have come to arrange for some food and drinks. we have come to arrange for some food and drinks. We will take water from the river and Triguna, you will We will take water from the river and Triguna, you will We will take water from the river and Triguna, you will collect stones and make a stove and collect stones and make a stove and collect stones and make a stove and cook food in it. Then I cook food in it. Then I cook food in it. Then I thought we need big stones. I have taken the thought we need big stones. I have taken the thought we need big stones. I have taken the stones and will make a stove with the help of matches. I have stones and will make a stove with the help of matches. I have stones and will make a stove with the help of matches. I have also taken water. Now let's cook something. It is also taken water. Now let's cook something. It is also taken water. Now let's cook something. It is very dark, we will have to very dark, we will have to very dark, we will have to arrange for some light. We will arrange for some light. We will arrange for some light. We will make a torch. make a torch. make a torch. For that, we need a big stick. Let's For that, we need a big stick. Let's For that, we need a big stick. Let's find the wood. First of all, come, find the wood. First of all, come, find the wood. First of all, come, where will we get wood in this forest? where will we get wood in this forest? where will we get wood in this forest? Come slowly. It is night, come slowly. Come slowly. It is night, come slowly. Sejan, I ca Sejan, I ca Sejan, I ca n't even see anything. It is getting so dark. n't even see anything. It is getting so dark. I can't see anything, mother. I can't see anything, mother. I can't see anything, mother. Hey, break it. Hey, break it. Hey, break it. Oh, this is very high.  I can't get my hands on this.   Pick Oh, this is very high.  I can't get my hands on this.   Pick me up.  Friend, I want to make a torch.   I me up.  Friend, I want to make a torch.   I me up.  Friend, I want to make a torch.   I got the wood with so much difficulty.  Pick up the pouch.   Stand got the wood with so much difficulty.  Pick up the pouch.   Stand got the wood with so much difficulty.  Pick up the pouch.   Stand straight. straight. straight. Break it quickly. Break it quickly. Break it quickly. Break it, Break it, Break it, tie it, tie it.   He is tie it, tie it.   He is tie it, tie it.   He is tying it comfortably and applying oil on it. tying it comfortably and applying oil on it. tying it comfortably and applying oil on it. This torch will save us from this darkness the whole night. This torch will save us from this darkness the whole night. This torch will save us from this darkness the whole night. Our torch is ready.  I'll Our torch is ready.  I'll Our torch is ready.  I'll bring two stones so we can start a fire [music].   I will do it crookedly. bring two stones so we can start a fire [music].   I will do it crookedly. How did people light fire in the old days?  Are you coming?   It is How did people light fire in the old days?  Are you coming?   It is How did people light fire in the old days?  Are you coming?   It is coming.  The spark is coming.   The coming.  The spark is coming.   The coming.  The spark is coming.   The spark will come now, right? spark will come now, right? spark will come now, right? Let me try it.   The Let me try it.   The Let me try it.   The stones are wet.  There is no spark.  You stones are wet.  There is no spark.  You stones are wet.  There is no spark.  You try it.  Today we will light a fire with stones try it.  Today we will light a fire with stones try it.  Today we will light a fire with stones like in the old times.  I will do it, I will do it. like in the old times.  I will do it, I will do it. like in the old times.  I will do it, I will do it. Look, you do Look, you do Look, you do n't know how to hit like this, friend.   Take it, n't know how to hit like this, friend.   Take it, n't know how to hit like this, friend.   Take it, you kill me, you kill me.  Girls have anyway you kill me, you kill me.  Girls have anyway you kill me, you kill me.  Girls have anyway come to set fire.   Do come to set fire.   Do come to set fire.   Do n't play with my heart. n't play with my heart. n't play with my heart. How did people light fire in the past? How did people light fire in the past? How did people light fire in the past? We burn ours in a second [praise] now at We burn ours in a second [praise] now at We burn ours in a second [praise] now at home. home. home. Thinking. Thinking. Thinking. How long will they sit there to burn it? How long will they sit there to burn it? How long will they sit there to burn it? Think you are from the old times.  You are married.  When Think you are from the old times.  You are married.  When Think you are from the old times.  You are married.  When your husband comes, make rotis.  You keep rubbing him, your husband comes, make rotis.  You keep rubbing him, your husband comes, make rotis.  You keep rubbing him, he will die of hunger.  [laughs] he will die of hunger.  [laughs] he will die of hunger.  [laughs] I'll just tell my husband to go and make it himself. I'll just tell my husband to go and make it himself. I'll just tell my husband to go and make it himself. What will happen on that hunt?  Eat What will happen on that hunt?  Eat What will happen on that hunt?  Eat I will say, I will go hunting, you make the bread. I will say, I will go hunting, you make the bread. I will say, I will go hunting, you make the bread. Then you yourself will come as a victim. Then you yourself will come as a victim. Then you yourself will come as a victim. spark spark spark spark spark spark will be I I I I. spark spark spark will be I I I I. spark spark spark will be I I I I. What to make now? What to make now? What to make now? Dude, can you make Maggi and is there anything else to make? Dude, can you make Maggi and is there anything else to make? Dude, can you make Maggi and is there anything else to make? Children, don't stop here.  At night, son.   There is a Children, don't stop here.  At night, son.   There is a Children, don't stop here.  At night, son.   There is a danger from wild animals.  There are danger from wild animals.  There are danger from wild animals.  There are hills and a river nearby.  Anything can happen. hills and a river nearby.  Anything can happen. hills and a river nearby.  Anything can happen. Ok?  Still, your safety is very important. Ok?  Still, your safety is very important. Ok?  Still, your safety is very important. Just going, going. Just going, going. Just going, going. Correct. Correct. Correct. Brother, what did uncle say? Brother, what did uncle say? Brother, what did uncle say? Friend, he said that wild animals come from here.   The Friend, he said that wild animals come from here.   The water is not safe.  You mean, because of your experience water is not safe.  You mean, because of your experience water is not safe.  You mean, because of your experience or something, or something, or something, friend, nothing like that happens. friend, nothing like that happens. friend, nothing like that happens. Friend, still if someone comes or something comes. Friend, still if someone comes or something comes. Friend, still if someone comes or something comes. Man, these local people scare the tourists.   Nothing happens.  The Man, these local people scare the tourists.   Nothing happens.  The Man, these local people scare the tourists.   Nothing happens.  The river is a mountain.  What will river is a mountain.  What will river is a mountain.  What will happen here at night? happen here at night? happen here at night? Wild animals come only to the river and mountains. Wild animals come only to the river and mountains. Wild animals come only to the river and mountains. Friend, you were fine till now.  So that uncle Friend, you were fine till now.  So that uncle Friend, you were fine till now.  So that uncle said ignore him said ignore him said ignore him not the uncle I was feeling some negative not the uncle I was feeling some negative not the uncle I was feeling some negative feeling here before also I did not say anything I am not hearing any feeling here before also I did not say anything I am not hearing any feeling here before also I did not say anything I am not hearing any faint sounds I don't know not any faint sounds I don't know not any faint sounds I don't know not any sounds I am feeling like there is someone sounds I am feeling like there is someone sounds I am feeling like there is someone here besides us here besides us here besides us come on you make Maggi friend why are you getting tensed come on let's come on you make Maggi friend why are you getting tensed come on let's come on you make Maggi friend why are you getting tensed come on let's burn the wood once burn the wood once burn the wood once [sound of clearing throat] all the wood is wet [sound of clearing throat] all the wood is wet [sound of clearing throat] all the wood is wet here here here you know an uncle has just come here he says you know an uncle has just come here he says you know an uncle has just come here he says [music] don't stop here wild animals come [music] don't stop here wild animals come [music] don't stop here wild animals come here and secondly there is a river and mountain here and secondly there is a river and mountain here and secondly there is a river and mountain so it is not safe to stay here so it is not safe to stay here so it is not safe to stay here your your your brother where are you going stop brother where are you going stop brother where are you going stop [screaming sound] hey friend there is nothing wrong [screaming sound] hey friend there is nothing wrong stay together stay together stay together stay together stay together stay together all of us all of us all of us together [music] don't be afraid listen to me let's go together [music] don't be afraid listen to me let's go together [music] don't be afraid listen to me let's go in the tent don't be afraid friend you don't go in the tent don't be afraid friend you don't go in the tent don't be afraid friend you don't go in the tent in the tent in the tent brother come in the tent brother come in the tent brother come in the tent but I am getting very scared friend but I am getting very scared friend but I am getting very scared friend I already told you guys I already told you guys I already told you guys nothing happens here it is adventurous we have to check if there are nothing happens here it is adventurous we have to check if there are nothing happens here it is adventurous we have to check if there are really such spirits here really such spirits here really such spirits here or not why are you getting tensed give me or not why are you getting tensed give me or not why are you getting tensed give me some time now  It has not happened yet as the night some time now  It has not happened yet as the night some time now  It has not happened yet as the night progresses something or the other will come here, let's progresses something or the other will come here, let's progresses something or the other will come here, let's play Antakshi, don't pass the time, you are play Antakshi, don't pass the time, you are play Antakshi, don't pass the time, you are crazy, it will be fun, crazy, it will be fun, crazy, it will be fun, friend, we met through that voice, didn't you hear, friend, we met through that voice, didn't you hear, friend, we met through that voice, didn't you hear, this was the saying that after listening to someone's song, she took this was the saying that after listening to someone's song, she took this was the saying that after listening to someone's song, she took him with her, didn't you hear, it is not a him with her, didn't you hear, it is not a him with her, didn't you hear, it is not a song.  Don't sing, let's do one thing.  Listen to me. song.  Don't sing, let's do one thing.  Listen to me. song.  Don't sing, let's do one thing.  Listen to me. I have an I have an I have an idea.  What if we sing an English song? idea.  What if we sing an English song? idea.  What if we sing an English song? Yes. Yes. Yes. Friend, a song is a song, isn't it? Friend, a song is a song, isn't it? Friend, a song is a song, isn't it? He is an Indian, isn't he? He is an Indian, isn't he? He is an Indian, isn't he? Hey, are you crazy?  Song song Hey, are you crazy?  Song song Hey, are you crazy?  Song song baby baby baby baby baby baby bye bye.  Tell me if anyone is wearing perfume.  You do bye bye.  Tell me if anyone is wearing perfume.  You do bye bye.  Tell me if anyone is wearing perfume.  You do n't have to wear perfume. n't have to wear perfume. n't have to wear perfume. Who tied your hair first? Who tied your hair first? Who tied your hair first? Hair tie.  She will get us killed.  This will get us Hair tie.  She will get us killed.  This will get us Hair tie.  She will get us killed.  This will get us killed. killed. killed. Hair tie.  Listen friend, I am feeling very hungry. Hair tie.  Listen friend, I am feeling very hungry. Come on, let's cook some nice food.   The Come on, let's cook some nice food.   The Come on, let's cook some nice food.   The ghost will kill you later.  I will die first through my mouth. ghost will kill you later.  I will die first through my mouth. Why is the tent moving?  Look how fast the wind is blowing.   The Why is the tent moving?  Look how fast the wind is blowing.   The wind is blowing. wind is blowing. wind is blowing. Friend, you sit holding the tent, otherwise the Friend, you sit holding the tent, otherwise the Friend, you sit holding the tent, otherwise the tent will fly away.  We have only one tent in which we tent will fly away.  We have only one tent in which we tent will fly away.  We have only one tent in which we can spend the night. can spend the night. can spend the night. And if Bhulu the bear comes, does he tear the tow-vent And if Bhulu the bear comes, does he tear the tow-vent And if Bhulu the bear comes, does he tear the tow-vent ? ? ? I've never been camping, I don't know.   The I've never been camping, I don't know.   The I've never been camping, I don't know.   The bear can see in the dark. bear can see in the dark. bear can see in the dark. He can see it.   The He can see it.   The He can see it.   The bear is so big that it can bear is so big that it can bear is so big that it can pick up all four of us together. pick up all four of us together. pick up all four of us together. He eats it. He eats it. He eats it. Yes sir.  It is a wild animal.  It is an elephant. Yes sir.  It is a wild animal.  It is an elephant. Yes sir.  It is a wild animal.  It is an elephant. Mine is 20 right now Mine is 20 right now Mine is 20 right now and it's so windy. and it's so windy. and it's so windy. That too is my birthday.  You made your birthday, That too is my birthday.  You made your birthday, That too is my birthday.  You made your birthday, right? right? right? But friend Shadi, But friend Shadi, But friend Shadi, you guys are joking, you guys are joking, you guys are joking, I am really scared. I am really scared. I am really scared. Friend, cook food, friend, go out, are you Friend, cook food, friend, go out, are you Friend, cook food, friend, go out, are you taking tension like this? taking tension like this? taking tension like this? I have no idea. I have no idea. I have no idea. What what? What what? What what? Wild animals are afraid of fire.  If we Wild animals are afraid of fire.  If we Wild animals are afraid of fire.  If we set the fire somehow, let's do one thing, I do set the fire somehow, let's do one thing, I do set the fire somehow, let's do one thing, I do n't have an extra shirt.  We set it on fire.   They n't have an extra shirt.  We set it on fire.   They set the shirt on fire and tie it to the wood.  The set the shirt on fire and tie it to the wood.  The set the shirt on fire and tie it to the wood.  The torch will be saved and wild torch will be saved and wild torch will be saved and wild animals will also not be able to come.  Come on, come on, animals will also not be able to come.  Come on, come on, animals will also not be able to come.  Come on, come on, hurry up. hurry up. hurry up. Come on, give me your shirt.  [laughter] Come on, give me your shirt.  [laughter] Come on, give me your shirt.  [laughter] Give me the shirt.   The Give me the shirt.   The Give me the shirt.   The rich man did not see that he started begging like a beggar. rich man did not see that he started begging like a beggar. Guys will eat great Maggi.  We've got the lights on Guys will eat great Maggi.  We've got the lights on Guys will eat great Maggi.  We've got the lights on [music].  Now listen Mashal, you [music].  Now listen Mashal, you [music].  Now listen Mashal, you make Maggi.  I came back from the washroom.  I will look in the forest, I might find you make Maggi.  I came back from the washroom.  I will look in the forest, I might find you make Maggi.  I came back from the washroom.  I will look in the forest, I might find you somewhere.  Catch it and refuse. somewhere.  Catch it and refuse. somewhere.  Catch it and refuse. I will come along. I will come along. I will come along. Hey, I will go slowly.  Don't worry. Hey, I will go slowly.  Don't worry. Hey, I will go slowly.  Don't worry. You make it.   Don't You make it.   Don't You make it.   Don't go too far. go too far. go too far. Ok. Ok. I went to the washroom all alone in the dark of the night amidst these mountains. I went to the washroom all alone in the dark of the night amidst these mountains. I went to the washroom all alone in the dark of the night amidst these mountains. But [music] I didn't know it would happen to me. But [music] I didn't know it would happen to me. But [music] I didn't know it would happen to me. Dude, Maggi Dude, Maggi Dude, Maggi is ready.  It's quite late now, Sejal hasn't come yet. is ready.  It's quite late now, Sejal hasn't come yet. is ready.  It's quite late now, Sejal hasn't come yet. I will find Sejal. I will find Sejal. I will find Sejal. Friend, please go quickly.  It's been a long time, friend, Friend, please go quickly.  It's been a long time, friend, Friend, please go quickly.  It's been a long time, friend, please. please. please. Sejal [music] Sejal Sejal [music] Sejal Sejal [music] Sejal Sejal Sejal Sejal who is this? Baba Baba, Baba Baba, Baba Baba, tell me what's the matter. tell me what's the matter. tell me what's the matter. Baba Baba, every girl has gone from here. Baba Baba, every girl has gone from here. Baba Baba, every girl has gone from here. I told that girl.  You tell me here. I told that girl.  You tell me here. I told that girl.  You tell me here. Baba, where is that girl?  Baba, with whom did that girl go Baba, where is that girl?  Baba, with whom did that girl go Baba, where is that girl?  Baba, with whom did that girl go ? ? ? You will not get that girl now.  [MUSIC] You will not get that girl now.  [MUSIC] You will not get that girl now.  [MUSIC] He's surrounded by spirits. He's surrounded by spirits. He's surrounded by spirits. Sejal, Sejal, Sejal, you also go away from here.  You will die when everyone you also go away from here.  You will die when everyone you also go away from here.  You will die when everyone dies, you did not listen to me.  You will also dies, you did not listen to me.  You will also dies, you did not listen to me.  You will also die. die. die. Sejal Sejal Sejal Sejal Sejal Sejal stand up Sejal.  Sejal stand up Sejal.  Sejal stand up Sejal.  Sejal Sejal run away from here.  What happened to Sejal? run away from here.  What happened to Sejal? run away from here.  What happened to Sejal? I was found unconscious in the forest.  Take this here. I was found unconscious in the forest.  Take this here. I was found unconscious in the forest.  Take this here. Bring it here.  Water wait Bring it here.  Water wait Bring it here.  Water wait here Sejal water water. here Sejal water water. here Sejal water water. Sejal Sejal Sejal water? water? water? Sejal. Sejal. Sejal. Stand up Sejal.  Sejal in the forest.  I Stand up Sejal.  Sejal in the forest.  I Stand up Sejal.  Sejal in the forest.  I found her unconscious in the forest. found her unconscious in the forest. found her unconscious in the forest. I told him that.  Don't let him go I told him that.  Don't let him go I told him that.  Don't let him go alone.  I told you not to let alone.  I told you not to let alone.  I told you not to let him go alone. him go alone. him go alone. But he did not agree. But he did not agree. But he did not agree. Sejal what happened?  How did you get unconscious there Sejal what happened?  How did you get unconscious there Sejal what happened?  How did you get unconscious there ?  Someone ?  Someone ?  Someone yes yes yes someone was there who some someone was there who some someone was there who some baba was wearing black clothes black baba was wearing black clothes black baba was wearing black clothes black clothes clothes clothes black clothes he threw something at me it was a ghost that's why black clothes he threw something at me it was a ghost that's why black clothes he threw something at me it was a ghost that's why something else of mine something else of mine something else of mine I think we should go to baba I think we should go to baba I think we should go to baba we should go to baba we should go to baba we should go to baba so you go friend you go from here friend friend so you go friend you go from here friend friend so you go friend you go from here friend friend you go from here really come friend I like to you go from here really come friend I like to you go from here really come friend I like to sit with baba where where sit with baba where where sit with baba where where baba baba baba there wait there wait there wait we will go and see we will go and see we will go and see yes you stay here with this one we will go and see yes you stay here with this one we will go and see yes you stay here with this one we will go and see near this one yes come let's go here near this one yes come let's go here near this one yes come let's go here yes come here right here that baba was there this this belongs to yes come here right here that baba was there this this belongs to yes come here right here that baba was there this this belongs to that baba where did that that baba where did that baba go where did he go I think the baba go where did he go I think the baba go where did he go I think the place is not free from danger come let's go take him along place is not free from danger come let's go take him along yes come let's go listen where is that baba there now yes come let's go listen where is that baba there now yes come let's go listen where is that baba there now there is something wrong friend friend he is there is something wrong friend friend he is not there only his chutney not there only his chutney not there only his chutney is needed there let's go friend let's go is needed there let's go friend let's go is needed there let's go friend let's go home that is happening home that is happening home that is happening this is getting scary friend let's go this is getting scary friend let's go this is getting scary friend let's go from here from here from here comfortably the comfortably the comfortably the stuff is lying friend let's go from here where are your slippers come let's go let's go stuff is lying friend let's go from here where are your slippers come let's go let's go okay okay okay you go okay okay okay you go okay okay okay listen do one thing wash your face you will listen do one thing wash your face you will listen do one thing wash your face you will feel fresh feel fresh feel fresh let's freshen up a bit let's freshen up a bit let's freshen up a bit yes  I am going, he is yes  I am going, he is yes  I am going, he is very scared, very scared, very scared, yes friend, Baba, I also saw him Sejal Sejal Sejal what happened? what happened? what happened? What happened?   Was What happened?   Was What happened?   Was anyone here? anyone here? anyone here? Who?  There is no one here. Who?  There is no one here. Who?  There is no one here. Where did that same Baba come here?   Was here was here. Where did that same Baba come here?   Was here was here. Where did that same Baba come here?   Was here was here. I washed my face right here.  There is no I washed my face right here.  There is no I washed my face right here.  There is no one here.  There is no one.   There one here.  There is no one.   There one here.  There is no one.   There is nothing here.  Listen, we are with you. is nothing here.  Listen, we are with you. is nothing here.  Listen, we are with you. You take rest. You take rest. You take rest. Come on, take some rest.   There is Come on, take some rest.   There is Come on, take some rest.   There is no one here.  Come, lie down. no one here.  Come, lie down. no one here.  Come, lie down. You lie down.  Yes, we are with you.  Bring water, bring You lie down.  Yes, we are with you.  Bring water, bring You lie down.  Yes, we are with you.  Bring water, bring water. water. water. Please sleep here, sir.  I am feeling very scared.  Sleep Please sleep here, sir.  I am feeling very scared.  Sleep Please sleep here, sir.  I am feeling very scared.  Sleep here.  Sleep here, sleep here.  Hey, there's nothing to be here.  Sleep here, sleep here.  Hey, there's nothing to be here.  Sleep here, sleep here.  Hey, there's nothing to be afraid of.  No, it's afraid of.  No, it's afraid of.  No, it's okay.  Ok.  Ok.  We are right here. okay.  Ok.  Ok.  We are right here. What happened right here? What happened right here? What happened right here? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened?  Here it is.   There is no What happened?  Here it is.   There is no What happened?  Here it is.   There is no one.  There is no one here.  There is no one. one.  There is no one here.  There is no one. Went from here.  Did you just leave from here?   There is no Went from here.  Did you just leave from here?   There is no Went from here.  Did you just leave from here?   There is no one.   Just one.   Just one.   Just gone from here [screaming sound].   No gone from here [screaming sound].   No gone from here [screaming sound].   No one is here.  [laughter] one is here.  [laughter] one is here.  [laughter] What would we have seen?  We will come out and see.   There What would we have seen?  We will come out and see.   There What would we have seen?  We will come out and see.   There is no one there. is no one there. is no one there. Just gone, friend.  Oh, I am seeing this again and again, Just gone, friend.  Oh, I am seeing this again and again, Just gone, friend.  Oh, I am seeing this again and again, he is coming somewhere here, friend, who was he, friend, he is coming somewhere here, friend, who was he, friend, he is coming somewhere here, friend, who was he, friend, I have not done anything with anyone, she is getting I have not done anything with anyone, she is getting I have not done anything with anyone, she is getting heated up, she is getting heated up, she is getting heated up, she is getting heated up, she is getting heated up, she is getting heated up, she is getting very heated up, friend, come and get her very heated up, friend, come and get her very heated up, friend, come and get her checked by the doctor, friend, come on, come on checked by the doctor, friend, come on, come on checked by the doctor, friend, come on, come on [laughs], let's go to the doctor, friend, [laughs], let's go to the doctor, friend, [laughs], let's go to the doctor, friend, she is outside here, there is no she is outside here, there is no she is outside here, there is no one there, come on, pick up the one there, come on, pick up the one there, come on, pick up the car keys, this is car keys, this is car keys, this is yours, nothing is there, come on, let's take yours, nothing is there, come on, let's take yours, nothing is there, come on, let's take her to the doctor, let's take her to the doctor, I am her to the doctor, let's take her to the doctor, I am starting the car, friend, she was starting the car, friend, she was starting the car, friend, she was there, there, there, come on, sit, sit quickly, come on, sit, sit quickly, come on, sit, sit quickly, why is this car not starting, the why is this car not starting, the why is this car not starting, the car is not starting. car is not starting. car is not starting. What happened to the car?  Self installed. What happened to the car?  Self installed. What happened to the car?  Self installed. What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? Baba, here it is, here it is, Baba, here it is.   There is no Baba, here it is, here it is, Baba, here it is.   There is no Baba, here it is, here it is, Baba, here it is.   There is no one here. one here. one here. This is not there. This is not there. This is not there. Not there.   Was Not there.   Was Not there.   Was not there.  Here it is, here it is in the mirror.   There is no not there.  Here it is, here it is in the mirror.   There is no not there.  Here it is, here it is in the mirror.   There is no one here.  There is no one.  It is one here.  There is no one.  It is one here.  There is no one.  It is not here either.   There is no not here either.   There is no not here either.   There is no one here. one here. one here. Friend, he was there but he was right here.  I keep seeing it again and again Friend, he was there but he was right here.  I keep seeing it again and again Friend, he was there but he was right here.  I keep seeing it again and again [screaming sound].  No.   Let's take him [screaming sound].  No.   Let's take him [screaming sound].  No.   Let's take him home. home. home. I have the medicine, he has fever, his I have the medicine, he has fever, his I have the medicine, he has fever, his fever is increasing.  I have medicines.  Come on, come on, come on, come on.   Enter fever is increasing.  I have medicines.  Come on, come on, come on, come on.   Enter Dadri here.   No Dadri here.   No Dadri here.   No problem, come on, come on. So finally, I've safely returned home from the mountains. So finally, I've safely returned home from the mountains. So finally, I've safely returned home from the mountains. And I would like to say that And I would like to say that And I would like to say that now I am saved.  My health now I am saved.  My health now I am saved.  My health deteriorated a lot, I had a fever but I deteriorated a lot, I had a fever but I deteriorated a lot, I had a fever but I saw some such energy there, that's why saw some such energy there, that's why saw some such energy there, that's why but whatever everyone says about the mountains that there is but whatever everyone says about the mountains that there is but whatever everyone says about the mountains that there is energy there, it is energy there, it is energy there, it is true brother, so if you also go to such a place, then true brother, so if you also go to such a place, then true brother, so if you also go to such a place, then be safe and believe what the local be safe and believe what the local be safe and believe what the local people of the mountains say, people of the mountains say, people of the mountains say, I really felt such things there [Music], that's why all this I really felt such things there [Music], that's why all this I really felt such things there [Music], that's why all this happened to me and do happened to me and do happened to me and do n't make this challenge like me, brother, it will prove very costly [Music], n't make this challenge like me, brother, it will prove very costly [Music], n't make this challenge like me, brother, it will prove very costly [Music], thank you hmm!