Look brother, if you don't say Ram Ram, then even if you Look brother, if you don't say Ram Ram, then even if you Look brother, if you don't say Ram Ram, then even if you see someone from the village, it means there will be a different kind of happiness in the next one. see someone from the village, it means there will be a different kind of happiness in the next one. see someone from the village, it means there will be a different kind of happiness in the next one. One of yours was getting expired One of yours was getting expired One of yours was getting expired which was made of katura and this saree was from the street, which was made of katura and this saree was from the street, which was made of katura and this saree was from the street, I was agreeing so much, some I I was agreeing so much, some I I was agreeing so much, some I recognized, some I didn't because that saree was from recognized, some I didn't because that saree was from recognized, some I didn't because that saree was from our cheeks, but it's been a long time, our cheeks, but it's been a long time, our cheeks, but it's been a long time, everyone's faces are changing and she is agreeing so much and everyone's faces are changing and she is agreeing so much and everyone's faces are changing and she is agreeing so much and I am agreeing so much I am agreeing so much I am agreeing so much and some I don't mean, she will come with a bang, she is a and some I don't mean, she will come with a bang, she is a and some I don't mean, she will come with a bang, she is a girl from the street and I am also not girl from the street and I am also not girl from the street and I am also not feeling well, look at me, you have recognized me, feeling well, look at me, you have recognized me, feeling well, look at me, you have recognized me, I have seen your saree, it is all around me, I have seen your saree, it is all around me, I have seen your saree, it is all around me, I am not feeling well, I am not feeling well, I am not feeling well, brother, I felt happy, then the vegetables had come, brother, I felt happy, then the vegetables had come, brother, I felt happy, then the vegetables had come, what has come in the vegetables today, onions have come and what has come in the vegetables today, onions have come and what has come in the vegetables today, onions have come and look, petha has come, some fruit must have come look, petha has come, some fruit must have come look, petha has come, some fruit must have come in the fruit, banana has come, so this in the fruit, banana has come, so this in the fruit, banana has come, so this vegetable had come, today our petha will be prepared, vegetable had come, today our petha will be prepared, vegetable had come, today our petha will be prepared, see the petha also, I will show you how see the petha also, I will show you how see the petha also, I will show you how nice it looks, so do nice it looks, so do nice it looks, so do n't get this cut and bring it and n't get this cut and bring it and n't get this cut and bring it and eat the entire petha.  She will take it [laughs] because you have made the eat the entire petha.  She will take it [laughs] because you have made the eat the entire petha.  She will take it [laughs] because you have made the size of my petha big and brother, size of my petha big and brother, size of my petha big and brother, look at the whole thing, I was not commenting, I am look at the whole thing, I was not commenting, I am look at the whole thing, I was not commenting, I am angry with you, comment, like, share, angry with you, comment, like, share, angry with you, comment, like, share, brother, ginger has started coming, brother, ginger has started coming, brother, ginger has started coming, ginger has come by March and look at this tea, ginger has come by March and look at this tea, ginger has come by March and look at this tea, who all felt like seeing the tea, so I had come here, I did who all felt like seeing the tea, so I had come here, I did who all felt like seeing the tea, so I had come here, I did not look at the park side, it had been not look at the park side, it had been not look at the park side, it had been many days, so I was many days, so I was many days, so I was looking at the whole thing, brother, are the trees and plants alright or not. looking at the whole thing, brother, are the trees and plants alright or not. looking at the whole thing, brother, are the trees and plants alright or not. So I noticed our jade plant So I noticed our jade plant So I noticed our jade plant leaves are turning yellow.  Why are these happening?   Please let me know by leaves are turning yellow.  Why are these happening?   Please let me know by leaves are turning yellow.  Why are these happening?   Please let me know by commenting once.  Today I noticed commenting once.  Today I noticed commenting once.  Today I noticed that its leaves are turning yellow. that its leaves are turning yellow. that its leaves are turning yellow. Some cuts are green.  Some are yellow. Some cuts are green.  Some are yellow. Some cuts are green.  Some are yellow. This has become Tulsi in our house.  I This has become Tulsi in our house.  I This has become Tulsi in our house.  I cannot live without Tulsi because my cannot live without Tulsi because my cannot live without Tulsi because my Tulsi means the day I am no more. Tulsi means the day I am no more. Tulsi means the day I am no more. Tulsi has to be planted.  Tulsi has never gone to my house. Tulsi has to be planted.  Tulsi has never gone to my house. Tulsi has to be planted.  Tulsi has never gone to my house. Now in Chanai, that means Tulsi has almost Now in Chanai, that means Tulsi has almost Now in Chanai, that means Tulsi has almost disappeared.  I applied it again. disappeared.  I applied it again. disappeared.  I applied it again. So I came and then I got a So I came and then I got a So I came and then I got a big shock, see how much the bill is, tell me by big shock, see how much the bill is, tell me by big shock, see how much the bill is, tell me by writing in the comment, then eat the petha, writing in the comment, then eat the petha, writing in the comment, then eat the petha, I thought whatever has come, I will go and I thought whatever has come, I will go and I thought whatever has come, I will go and pay the bill, then see how the petha was brought to the police station, pay the bill, then see how the petha was brought to the police station, pay the bill, then see how the petha was brought to the police station, tell me all the sisters, like the channel, like the petha