Look brother, if you don't say Ram Ram, then even if you
see someone from the village, it means there will be a different kind of happiness in the next one.
One of yours was getting expired
which was made of katura and this saree was from the street,
I was agreeing so much, some I
recognized, some I didn't because that saree was from
our cheeks, but it's been a long time,
everyone's faces are changing and she is agreeing so much and
I am agreeing so much
and some I don't mean, she will come with a bang, she is a
girl from the street and I am also not
feeling well, look at me, you have recognized me,
I have seen your saree, it is all around me,
I am not feeling well,
brother, I felt happy, then the vegetables had come,
what has come in the vegetables today, onions have come and
look, petha has come, some fruit must have come
in the fruit, banana has come, so this
vegetable had come, today our petha will be prepared,
see the petha also, I will show you how
nice it looks, so do
n't get this cut and bring it and
eat the entire petha. She will take it [laughs] because you have made the
size of my petha big and brother,
look at the whole thing, I was not commenting, I am
angry with you, comment, like, share,
brother, ginger has started coming,
ginger has come by March and look at this tea,
who all felt like seeing the tea, so I had come here, I did
not look at the park side, it had been
many days, so I was
looking at the whole thing, brother, are the trees and plants alright or not.
So I noticed our jade plant
leaves are turning yellow. Why are these happening? Please let me know by
commenting once. Today I noticed
that its leaves are turning yellow.
Some cuts are green. Some are yellow.
This has become Tulsi in our house. I
cannot live without Tulsi because my
Tulsi means the day I am no more.
Tulsi has to be planted. Tulsi has never gone to my house.
Now in Chanai, that means Tulsi has almost
disappeared. I applied it again.
So I came and then I got a
big shock, see how much the bill is, tell me by
writing in the comment, then eat the petha,
I thought whatever has come, I will go and
pay the bill, then see how the petha was brought to the police station,
tell me all the sisters, like the channel, like the petha
