Hello, Costco. I just hate walking into it. Whoo! You have to avoid those, like, awkward conversations with the vendor. Is anyone here a Costco vendor? How successful are you? How well does that work? I want to know the story of the customer who walks in with the only intent to buy a rotisserie chicken, and then he walks out with a massage chair. I was trying to, like, man, that guy was good. You know what I'm eating this in tonight? I just sell the vendors that I have whatever they're selling, right? You can do that. It's like a free pass. But a couple of months ago, I hadn't seen this before, there was a guy who had a couple of robot vacuums going back and forth on a carpet. I thought I was ready. He said, Excuse me. I said, I've got a Roomba. And he goes, does it get the corners? He's just, like, so proud to say this all day. He got me. I looked down. They were square. Whatever. They weren't Roombas. But the point is, I think it's crazier, like a rival Roomba company came up because they thought Roomba was missing out on customers because people didn't like the shape. Like, when Roomba came out, it was the only one. No one was complaining. It was just amazing. No one was like, I see that it's this vacuum for the future that does everything by itself. But does it get the cor- Like, can I reach the last two inches of the room where the walls meet and I stand so often? No? Call back when it's a Roombas. So I just said, I live in a lighthouse. So lawnmowers at Costco. That's the crazy thing about Costco, right? If you ever just need, like, chips and a jacuzzi. I noticed the throttle of every lawnmower, the speeds aren't labeled with words, fast or slow. Instead, there's a picture of a rabbit and a turtle, which is crazy. That means that every lawnmower factory, they're just shipping them out like, yeah, we don't care if anyone can read. Just as long as they know all their fables. And machines are exclusive to that one. You don't see fairy tale pictures of any other stories. Can you imagine that guy with the leaf blowers, like, I'm going to crank this up to Big Bad Wolf. And for anyone who's their lawn, who uses the turtle setting? Who's that for? Who gets up at 7 a.m. on a Saturday, going, you know what, I want this to take extra long. I just want those blades to lightly slap the grass, you know? They sell down comforters at Costco. Has there been a bigger example of false advertising than when a down comforter box says, warm in the winter, cool in the summer? Do you own a down comforter? Warm in the winter, unbearably hot in July? It's a blanket, it can't just change its mind. If down could do that, geese wouldn't fly thousands of miles. So I don't usually get religious with my material, but I just think that the guy responsible for designing the tiny exit button on phone pop-up ads that you can never hit and it takes you to a different screen, that guy's going to burn in hell. Nobody's finger's that small. A baby's finger isn't that small. I've tried. They're like, oh, you don't want to see this ad? Pick up a cucumber seed off a plate. That's like the level of difficulty. I would love to go to the company that makes that button, like, going to their office and replace all of their doorknobs with teeny tiny doorknobs and start a fire. I could just be standing on the other side of one of the doors, like, oh, I'm sorry, are you trying to exit? So it's nice that we're kind of getting back to normal. The one weird thing, though, about going from Zoom meetings back to in-person meetings is not knowing what my face looks like the entire time. Because that's all we did. Nobody listened. We were just sitting there, like, analyzing our expressions. Like, do I always seem that angry? And turning your laptop just right so everyone could see your guitar. I didn't mind it, though, other than losing a year of my income. I didn't mind being by myself. I'm an introvert, so I don't mind being alone. I prefer the self-service checkout in grocery stores. Some people don't. Some people are like, I want to talk to a real person. How lonely do you get a target? I hate the people who are like, I'm not going to use it. I don't work there. The store did most of the work for you. Like, we flew in this water from Fiji. You didn't do that. All you did was take it out of a little fridge and walk at 12 feet, but you'll still skip the self-service because you think another person should put it in a bag for you. How do these people treat vending machines? Are they just standing there like, D7? Where is everyone? Why do I have to do all this work? My buddy will only use human cashiers because he says that robots are taking jobs away from people. If you really felt that way, you'd throw your phone in the toilet, right? Because that thing is taking jobs away from travel agents, fitness instructors, photographers, manufacturers of CDs, paper maps, pedometers, phone booths, Rolodexes, stopwatches, calculators, alarm clocks. Somebody stop pretending you're raging against the machine and just admit you can't figure out how to price bananas. Just use the self-service. It's the easiest way to buy preparation H. And don't worry. We really do find out that people are losing jobs en masse to automation. We'll make up new jobs. Unnecessary jobs. Just so that people can have jobs. We're already doing it. I don't think we need the people who wave glow sticks under planes. Those people have other jobs, like breaking your suitcases. Let them do those things. But the glow sticks, like I fly every week. I can't detect a pattern. It seems like when they train them, they're just like, just feel it, man. Just pick a color and get into it, you know? I'm pretty sure their only job is so they can get that morale boost from the pilots when they pull up, you know, in the cockpit. That's what blows my mind. The pilots, these guys have been referring to their instruments this entire time. This jumbo jet, this marvel of engineering just crossed the Pacific. You really think it needs help with the last 20 feet? They spend checking in with satellites every billionth of a second. But the moment it hits a concrete, they're like, where are the orange batons? Can't navigate without a socially distanced parade. My minivan has a backup camera in it. I'm pretty sure this 787 has the tech necessary to be able to park without help from the Jedi. The only place where we need the baton people is every parking lot. How great would that be for the idiot to park over the painted line and then don't do anything about it? That's what gets me the most, is that dude who slides out of his F2-3. That dude who slides out of his F2-5 and he's like, that sucked. Oh well, what? There's two cars behind you. Have you been able to stay between the lanes on every freeway you've ever driven but it just throws you off at one mile an hour? How great would it be to have a real condescending dude standing there like, no. It's a compact space. The evolution makes sense to me for the most part. There's just a couple of holes in it. Penguins are one of them. That should be obvious, but we're the other part of that. I just don't see how we could be connected to chimpanzees or anything before that because if you really believe that we came from a billion years of genetic mutation to become the hyperdominant species, we have zero survival skills or instincts. One of those just go out the window. I have no idea how to live outdoors. None of us do, inherently. Just the fact that we invented the word outdoors should be a clue. There's no outdoors. That's just, that's what exists. We made the doors. This is what we prefer to hang out. Sometimes we try really hard to make the indoors look like the outdoors. Ever been to a rainforest cafe? The only jungle that needs to be dusted? The few things that we actually do have, we ignore completely. If I'm in a movie halfway through in the film, if I've got a pee, I stay there and keep drinking soda. That's how much I listen to my body. Some of you are doing it right now. Some of you cheered really hard for a rainforest cafe, and I'm going to ask you about that after this joke, because that's not the right reaction. The point is, every animal on this planet, its brain is wired for shelter. It just knows if it needs to dig a hole, climb a tree, by like a month old. But put a human in the wild at a month. See how that pans out. Put me at my age now. You just left me alone to survive in a forest. I wouldn't make it. I would die before my phone did. Right before then, I would open my compass app for the first time in my life. And even then, I wouldn't know how to use it. I'd be like, does North just always take you to a city? I was driving through Wyoming, just the middle of nowhere on a two-lane highway on the way to a gig, and at one point, traffic was moving so slowly that a cow started walking the same speed as my car. Just right there in the passenger window, and it terrified me. I grew up in San Francisco, live in LA now. I've never seen a cow in 3D. But if you weren't raised with them, they're scary, right? Their head is way bigger than you thought it would be. And it's got like this eye. So here's my point. If you can really think, we came from eons of evolution. There should have been some pre-programmed response up there for this situation. Like sharpen a stick, stab it, kill it, eat it, okay? Here's what I did without even thinking about it. I locked my doors. When did that twitch happen in our development? That was my biological reaction to a cow face. And what I think the cow is even going to do, like try my door handle, like, ahhh. I wasn't fast enough. I was going to get him. What are you guys afraid of? Let's get into this. Don't get too dark. But maybe like a fear that's particular to you. Clouds? Oh, clowns. Clouds is funnier. That would be insane. Like the movie Up is just like a horror movie. Your kids have it all, like, what are you, part? You're going to have nightmares. What else? Man-A's. Are you serious? It just, it scares you? Like spiders. It's like spiders. Oh man, it's not. First of all, I'd be way less scared of spiders if they came in a sealed container. My husband's a chef, so it's kind of hard. You can't work with him. Your husband's a chef. Whenever he's making recipes, he totally forgets about mayo because he can't. You're not married to Guy Fieri. Does he have a dramatic experience with mayo-nays as a kid? Does it remind you of clouds? It's white and fluffy. All right, I'm like, here, over. What are you guys afraid of? Any non-condiment fears out there? Public speaking? Well, this is a great first step. There are 200 people here and like nine cameras, and you're like, public speaking? I'm afraid. Dentists. Big time. Dentists. I'm not afraid of my dentist. I just wish he didn't treat me like a little boy. Does your dentist teach you how to brush every time you go? I'm pretty sure I picked this up when I was five. Like, oh, little circles? That's new. I just sort of been pressing it to every two. Didn't know I had to Roomba them. If you're a dentist, could you stop asking us how often we floss? You know. It's your job ten hours a day. Like, our mouth is the polygraph. Just for your own enjoyment? That's like when a cop clocks you, pulls you over for speeding, but he'll still ask you, you want to tell me how fast you were going? No. Just give me the ticket. I don't need an honesty test. Dentists make way more money fixing problems than preventing them. I don't know why they care. Like, my root canal is paying off your Tesla. You shouldn't want me to floss. If I were a dentist, I'd be the richest dentist. Because I'd treat people like adults. I wouldn't ask them questions. I'd be on their side. I'd be like, yeah, mouthwash burns. I don't use it either. That'll be $5,000. I'll see you next week. Grab a cupcake on the way out. But I'll see you guys afraid of we'll hit like two or three more. Relationships. Relationships. And then a woman 15 feet away claps bitterly. What'd you say over here? Are you afraid of people making a lot of money tonight? I'm afraid of spiders, and it's dangerous. Like, I don't know what my body's going to do when I see one. I was driving down the 405 in Los Angeles. Which at one point is 18 lanes, one of the widest freeways in America. Nine on each side. I'm in the fast lane. And a spider, a hairy one, that matters. Called out from behind the sun visor and scuttled right back again. So I went across all the lanes. Like, I didn't change lanes. I drove sideways. Have you ever played Frogger? I've never played Frogger. I've never played Frogger. I made it to the shoulder, hopped out, slammed the visor down. Spider wasn't there, so I called AAA. It's a true story. It's a service they provide. They don't know it. You just have to do it right. When the guy got there, he was like, so what's the problem again? I just said there was like smoke coming from the dash. So if you could just check all the crevices. By the way, the next time you see that like abandoned car that's parked dangerously on the side of the road, don't judge that person. You don't know. There could have been mayonnaise in the glove compartment. I brought up penguins. I just feel bad for them. I don't know how they ended up in Antarctica, but they seem cold. Like every other species in the South Pole has eight inches of blubber or fur keeping them warm. Penguins walk like they're wearing wet pants. They huddle together for warmth. This is true. Every year there's a group of emperor penguins who walks 80 miles round trip for food, if you believe Morgan Freeman. But here's the thing. I do. I know these four guys have been walking 80 miles every year for the past million years. Why don't they have knees yet? That's how evolution is supposed to work. For some reason their wings didn't even work out. Couldn't they at least get some bendy legs? You ever see them do that thing where they slide on their bellies into the ocean? They never mean to do that. They just trip and they're like, well, I can't get up. Guess I want to know how to swim underwater. I'm a bird. So I've been able to travel a lot for this job. I've asked in every major city if there's a reason why those people wouldn't live in California, what would it be? I was born and raised there. I'm going to ask you guys. By the way, I'm not going to fight you. Forest fires? You don't have to worry about that anymore. Everything's gone. What did you... There are no subways. I beg to differ. No, there are three. There are only three. Nobody uses them, but they are even dirtier than the ones here in New York. I don't know how that's possible. They're just running empty all night. It seems like there are workers that are like, oh, we should just scatter debris. That's what I've seen in other places. In Los Angeles, everyone's like a producer. Traffic, yeah. You guys don't have that in this state. What's that? Caitlyn Jenner. Caitlyn Jenner. A lot of that came after traffic. This person's like, too many people, and that person's like, this one person. If not New York. You just never go anywhere? I'm pretty sure New York is the best thing in this country. I mean, I've seen pictures of the Grand Canyon, but have you been on the subway? We'll get to earthquakes. We'll get it. That'll be the last one, because it's the dumbest. People walk slow. Okay. I'll give you that, because I think what happens, I think the difference between Los Angeles and New York is that we walk normal, but when you... Like, you ever listened to an audio book at double speed? And then you bring it back to how regular people talk, you're like, what is this guy drunk? Why is he talking so slow? New York's just on double speed. That's it. You guys probably think I've been up here for an hour and a half. Earthquakes. So earthquakes is the craziest answer, and it is the number one answer. I get it if you've never been in an earthquake. It seems like this big scary thing. But only two people have died in earthquakes in the last 20 years in this entire country. But the earthquakes answer I mostly get from people who live in states that have tornado season. The entire Eastern Seaboard has hurricane season. People say that California doesn't have seasons, but we do. We just don't have the ones that'll throw your car into a billboard. And we pay taxes for that privilege. But the point is, if you live in Oklahoma, and safety really is your number one concern, especially you live in a trailer, drag that thing to San Diego. That's the safest place you could possibly be in an earthquake. A trailer. Are you kidding me? Worst case scenario, your house just sort of falls over. You hop out and pop it right back up again.