Hi guys! Welcome back to my channel! For today's video, we are going to be doing a vaccine for the wig. And then, our first thing we are going to do is to wake up. So, I am going to show you. So, I am going to show you how to make a haircut for the wig. To protect the wig. I am I'm in class in Wickshaw. I'm in the school of law. I'm in supply. I don't have a lot of money, but I'm a witness. I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money. But I'm not a witness. I'm in high school. I have a lot of students. I'm going to teach them how to learn. I'm in high school. I have alot of money. I have a lot of money. I're often in high school when I go to law school. I haverh Wrestling. This is before I used to do a hair coach. So I'd like to do hair coaches and press the tail but and then Cajimlet And to meet up with him by meeting him and we are able to meet think he must come but he didn't pick up so I guess that way he romanticized his life I am having trouble I suddenly arrived in consultation So if you move that way in front of back headed the back the back is always edge, to touch a were all in. It always around the back is sided right side. I do not want the ownership of this edge as well so 85 degrees is nextrel seven- dollar time. I take the same related to N I have a little clip that says, I have hair on my part. I have hair on my side and hair on my side. I have a little side that I want to continue with. And then I have a little part on my middle part. I have a little clip that says, I have hair on my side. I have hair on my side and hair on my side. I have a little part on my back. I will continue with my hair. I have a little bit of hair on my back, but I will continue with my hair. I have a little side that I want to continue with. And then I have a little part on my back. I have a little bit of hair on my back. I have a little bit of hair on my back. I have a little part on my back. I have a little part on my hair. I have a little part on my back. I have a little side that I want to continue with. I have a little part on my back. And then I have a little pin. I have a little pin on my back, but I have a little pin here. I have a little bit of hair on my back. courtesy these days I'm going to have a hair not in a lullaby. I'm going to do a week. And then, I'm going to do a clip by the end, guys. I'm going to do a little bit of the clip. I'm going to do a long clip. Then I'm going to do a long clip. And then, the next one I'm going to do is... I'm going to do a long clip. Then also then I will make the clip by pulling forward in the long and long Computing Naked. And this one is my need of a bit different costume move. So I'm going to exclusive on this in a ... ... modeled. Right here is my matching. He is wearing Melbourne hair and face in. We rains, all in front of us We came here inrain When day then since Five Imported, we still won'tI have no bag before so we could take view of where the bag should come from but then didnt i know where we will move second time today in America so I will get our app so we keep being friends continued So this is a week, guys. So we are going to start with a style. We are going to make a picture of it. I don't know if you can see it, but I'm going to make a picture of it. So I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Through this situation, the So the festival went a long way So we decided for this I want to go to Russia So I wanted to play na mega ball I came here When I got a specialos message to a Indian background It's been an festival for many times He was so interested in a song every day just a bit like this that will start a lot better the Oh And so overall I like this here like this year My first hair was picked out by the guy that was before my show When they ever blot me out, I just needed to skip it What I'm doing is suggesting I takeure Patron andsurave Duffrus bush Meg running and I'm going for the D Shack Made with 8 yeah So, today we posted a link to this video We are looking at our specific locations At the bottom We will go deep ButI have a notification feeding our bikes A hair color Notice they see on the top is a natural augmented pair of 9 hair comrades in a matching style for your hair ban and 1991 hairUh, This is the only hair ban based generally So I am We are going to show you guys how to make a hair I am going to show you guys how to make a hair So I am So we are going to show you guys How to make a hair How to make a hair How to make a hair How to make a hair So I am going to show you guys how to make a hair So I am going to show you guys how to make a hair So I am going to show you guys how to make a hair That's my natural hair I am going to show you guys how to make a hair Okay guys, so that's it for this video I hope you like this product review For any comments, suggestions and reactions Feel free to comment down below Like and subscribe and see you on my next video Bye!