Bhai, everything is there here like normal home gyms, Bhai, everything is there here like normal home gyms, Bhai, everything is there here like normal home gyms, there is nothing like that, there is nothing like that, there is nothing like that, wow wow wow sir, look, he can lift 5 kg dumbbells sir, look, he can lift 5 kg dumbbells and what about and what about and what about Abesha in the train [laughs] go Abesha in the train [laughs] go Abesha in the train [laughs] go down, hey, hey grandfather, what are you doing, there is a competition going on, grandfather, what are you doing, there is a competition going on, grandfather, what are you doing, there is a competition going on, guys, look between Amma and Babu, hey no, don't make it guys, look between Amma and Babu, hey no, don't make it guys, look between Amma and Babu, hey no, don't make it bigger, hey don't do it, hey bigger, hey don't do it, hey bigger, hey don't do it, hey guys, good morning, welcome to my new guys, good morning, welcome to my new guys, good morning, welcome to my new vlog, so brother, finally today our gym work will be vlog, so brother, finally today our gym work will be vlog, so brother, finally today our gym work will be completed.  So completed.  So completed.  So I will show it to you today only after it is completed.  Because brother it has been two I will show it to you today only after it is completed.  Because brother it has been two I will show it to you today only after it is completed.  Because brother it has been two days.  It will take the whole day today. days.  It will take the whole day today. days.  It will take the whole day today. Then I will give you a complete tour of what Then I will give you a complete tour of what Then I will give you a complete tour of what machines are there, what all we have installed, everything. machines are there, what all we have installed, everything. machines are there, what all we have installed, everything. So brother, I am very excited and we will So brother, I am very excited and we will So brother, I am very excited and we will also workout there tonight.  So let's see. also workout there tonight.  So let's see. also workout there tonight.  So let's see. Hopefully it will happen because for the last two Hopefully it will happen because for the last two Hopefully it will happen because for the last two days I was thinking that it will happen tomorrow itself but it did days I was thinking that it will happen tomorrow itself but it did days I was thinking that it will happen tomorrow itself but it did not happen.  Let's go not happen.  Let's go not happen.  Let's go inside for now.  Look how cool it looks. inside for now.  Look how cool it looks. inside for now.  Look how cool it looks. grape arbor.  Now it will fit in completely and grape arbor.  Now it will fit in completely and grape arbor.  Now it will fit in completely and then it will look even better.  So let's go inside.   Let me then it will look even better.  So let's go inside.   Let me then it will look even better.  So let's go inside.   Let me show you what's going on, brother.   These days mom is just busy with painting. mom is just busy with painting. mom is just busy with painting. Look, I made this yesterday. Look, I made this yesterday. Look, I made this yesterday. Hey, I made this today for half a month. Hey, I made this today for half a month. A month or two after Diwali.   Is A month or two after Diwali.   Is A month or two after Diwali.   Is Diwali coming?   What else Diwali coming?   What else Diwali coming?   What else ?   Are ?   Are ?   Are ?   Give me just ?   Give me just ?   Give me just two months.  So, preparations for Diwali started two months.  So, preparations for Diwali started two months.  So, preparations for Diwali started 2 months in advance.  Wow 2 months in advance.  Wow 2 months in advance.  Wow guys Kunal has come back from school. Kunal has come back from school. Kunal has come back from school. Yes. Yes. Yes. How is your day today? How is your day today? How is your day today? Excellent.   Have fun Excellent.   Have fun Excellent.   Have fun ?   What else ?   What else ?   What else ? ? ? So for now let's have lunch.  Today Bhaj So for now let's have lunch.  Today Bhaj So for now let's have lunch.  Today Bhaj dal and rice are prepared.   Please dal and rice are prepared.   Please dal and rice are prepared.   Please explain this a little, son.  What happened, explain this a little, son.  What happened, explain this a little, son.  What happened, son?  There are so many utensils.  One or two is fine. son?  There are so many utensils.  One or two is fine. son?  There are so many utensils.  One or two is fine. Tell me.  You are saying, my friend, Tell me.  You are saying, my friend, Tell me.  You are saying, my friend, this is not happening to you.  They keep fighting every day. this is not happening to you.  They keep fighting every day. this is not happening to you.  They keep fighting every day. Every day carrying utensils.  There is a fight every day Every day carrying utensils.  There is a fight every day Every day carrying utensils.  There is a fight every day in the house. in the house. in the house. Why do you keep fighting every day, friend?   Don't let Why do you keep fighting every day, friend?   Don't let Why do you keep fighting every day, friend?   Don't let me sleep like this. Hey friend, what will happen by doing this snotty thing Hey friend, what will happen by doing this snotty thing Hey friend, what will happen by doing this snotty thing ?   Guys, ?   Guys, ?   Guys, I just made Avantiya I just made Avantiya I just made Avantiya her favorite smoothie ball.   Thank her favorite smoothie ball.   Thank her favorite smoothie ball.   Thank you. you. you. Who says that we only fight? Who says that we only fight? Who says that we only fight? Look, Look, Look, I surprise you after a fight to I surprise you after a fight to I surprise you after a fight to celebrate.  So guys, finally our gym is celebrate.  So guys, finally our gym is celebrate.  So guys, finally our gym is complete.  Our family's complete.  Our family's complete.  Our family's personal gym.  So now we're going to go look down. personal gym.  So now we're going to go look down. personal gym.  So now we're going to go look down. We will see the family's reaction We will see the family's reaction We will see the family's reaction and I have not seen it properly yet. and I have not seen it properly yet. and I have not seen it properly yet. So let's take the whole family So let's take the whole family So let's take the whole family to our gym and see the reaction and I will to our gym and see the reaction and I will to our gym and see the reaction and I will also give you a complete tour. also give you a complete tour. also give you a complete tour. Excited?   Let us go.   Let us go. Excited?   Let us go.   Let us go. Excited?   Let us go.   Let us go. Now I won't be able to do everything brother. Now I won't be able to do everything brother. Now I won't be able to do everything brother. Now everyone has to see whose body Now everyone has to see whose body Now everyone has to see whose body will be made first?  Whose will be made first? will be made first?  Whose will be made first? will be made first?  Whose will be made first? Amma's will be made first, brother. Amma's will be made first, brother. Amma's will be made first, brother. Is it Amma?  Yes, mine will be strong.   Shall we go then Is it Amma?  Yes, mine will be strong.   Shall we go then Is it Amma?  Yes, mine will be strong.   Shall we go then ?   Let us go.   Let us go.   Let us go.   Let us go.   Let us go. ?   Let us go.   Let us go.   Let us go.   Let us go.   Let us go. ?   Let us go.   Let us go.   Let us go.   Let us go.   Let us go. Brother, everything is there here like normal home gyms.  There is nothing like that in Brother, everything is there here like normal home gyms.  There is nothing like that in Brother, everything is there here like normal home gyms.  There is nothing like that in it. it. it. Wow. Wow. Wow. But here there are machines for everything, brother. But here there are machines for everything, brother. But here there are machines for everything, brother. Proper gym?   Are Proper gym?   Are Proper gym?   Are ?  Brother, everything has arrived. ?  Brother, everything has arrived. ?  Brother, everything has arrived. Everyone came to the gym. Everyone came to the gym. Everyone came to the gym. Sir, look at this, 5 kg dumbbell.   Will you pick it up Sir, look at this, 5 kg dumbbell.   Will you pick it up Sir, look at this, 5 kg dumbbell.   Will you pick it up ?  And what else, ?  And what else, ?  And what else, take this oil, take this oil, take this oil, all the oils are for Rs. 2.50 each, two and a half to five, all the oils are for Rs. 2.50 each, two and a half to five, kiss me, there are a kiss me, there are a kiss me, there are a lot of things here, I thought there would be only lot of things here, I thought there would be only lot of things here, I thought there would be only one or two items, one or two items, one or two items, look, elder mom, this is how it is done with these, look, elder mom, this is how it is done with these, look, elder mom, this is how it is done with these, mom, the mom, the mom, the whole gym is made, oh my, I whole gym is made, oh my, I whole gym is made, oh my, I thought there would be only one or two items, two thought there would be only one or two items, two thought there would be only one or two items, two friends, this is also there, look friends, this is also there, look friends, this is also there, look Abesh in the train, he won't go even for Abesh in the train, he won't go even for Abesh in the train, he won't go even for a minute, if he finds out, a minute, if he finds out, a minute, if he finds out, he is not bothering oh oh oh oh brother, oh oh oh oh oh brother, oh nothing will happen, let him go, brother, the whole family has come to the gym and it is looking so good, look Saurda, I am enjoying it, friend, brother is doing it in full speed on the treadmill, Kunal is not able to hold it, oh nothing will happen, let him go, brother, the whole family has come to the gym and it is looking so good, look Saurda, I am enjoying it, friend, brother is doing it in full speed on the treadmill, Kunal is not able to hold it, oh nothing will happen, let him go, brother, the whole family has come to the gym and it is looking so good, look Saurda, I am enjoying it, friend, brother is doing it in full speed on the treadmill, Kunal is not able to hold it, oh this is coming more, this is coming more, this is coming more, aunty lifted the dumbbell, her aunty lifted the dumbbell, her aunty lifted the dumbbell, her hands are heavy, very hands are heavy, very hands are heavy, very guys, Amma is going to gym for the first time today. guys, Amma is going to gym for the first time today. guys, Amma is going to gym for the first time today. Will you do it then? Will you do it then? Will you do it then? Yes. Yes. Yes. Come on, what should I get done?  Tell me what should I get done? Come on, what should I get done?  Tell me what should I get done? Come on, what should I get done?  Tell me what should I get done? Brother, we will pick them up. Brother, we will pick them up. Brother, we will pick them up. Will you lift dumbbells? Will you lift dumbbells? Will you lift dumbbells? Come on Amma, let's make Amma lift the dumbbells. Come on Amma, let's make Amma lift the dumbbells. Come on Amma, let's make Amma lift the dumbbells. 2ai 2ai 2ai Amma 2ai kilos.  Take 2.5 kg. Amma 2ai kilos.  Take 2.5 kg. Amma 2ai kilos.  Take 2.5 kg. 2 kg.  Amma, 2 kg.  Amma, 2 kg.  Amma, take it Amma, 2 kg.   There take it Amma, 2 kg.   There take it Amma, 2 kg.   There are suppressors.  Make your hands like this and are suppressors.  Make your hands like this and are suppressors.  Make your hands like this and raise them like this.  Pick it up. raise them like this.  Pick it up. raise them like this.  Pick it up. Hold it like this, like this, with your hand like this.  Look, Hold it like this, like this, with your hand like this.  Look, Hold it like this, like this, with your hand like this.  Look, do it like this.  Do both of these like this.  Then do it like this.  Do both of these like this.  Then do it like this.  Do both of these like this.  Then do it like this.   Do it, do it. do it like this.   Do it, do it. Move your hands like this.  Don't do it above.   You have to do this once. Move your hands like this.  Don't do it above.   You have to do this once. Well, is Well, is Well, is n't it feeling heavy?  Doesn't it feel heavy n't it feeling heavy?  Doesn't it feel heavy n't it feeling heavy?  Doesn't it feel heavy ? ? ? No, it's okay.   Ca No, it's okay.   Ca No, it's okay.   Ca n't you feel it?   Okay, n't you feel it?   Okay, n't you feel it?   Okay, fine.   Do fine.   Do fine.   Do this. this. this. What are you doing, grandfather?   Do What are you doing, grandfather?   Do What are you doing, grandfather?   Do n't kill each other a little.   To n't kill each other a little.   To n't kill each other a little.   To grandfather.   Let's grandfather.   Let's grandfather.   Let's turn it like this.  Turn it this way.  Yes, do it now. turn it like this.  Turn it this way.  Yes, do it now. turn it like this.  Turn it this way.  Yes, do it now. Brother Amma Amma and Babu together.  There is a competition going on Brother Amma Amma and Babu together.  There is a competition going on Brother Amma Amma and Babu together.  There is a competition going on guys.  Look between Amma and Babu.   Such is guys.  Look between Amma and Babu.   Such is guys.  Look between Amma and Babu.   Such is grandfather.  Turn this way.  Do your hands like this.   Does grandfather.  Turn this way.  Do your hands like this.   Does n't it feel heavy?   Is n't it feel heavy?   Is n't it feel heavy?   Is n't it happening?   Does n't it happening?   Does n't it happening?   Does n't it feel heavy? n't it feel heavy? n't it feel heavy? No, okay.  I don't feel like it. No, okay.  I don't feel like it. No, okay.  I don't feel like it. Papa ji, what are you doing? Papa ji, what are you doing? Papa ji, what are you doing? Brother, the family had a lot of fun at the gym. Brother, the family had a lot of fun at the gym. Brother, the family had a lot of fun at the gym. Everyone is doing something or the other.  So in this Everyone is doing something or the other.  So in this Everyone is doing something or the other.  So in this way everyone will pay attention to their fitness.  I will keep doing way everyone will pay attention to their fitness.  I will keep doing way everyone will pay attention to their fitness.  I will keep doing some gym or the other. some gym or the other. some gym or the other. If I have my own house then it would be If I have my own house then it would be If I have my own house then it would be a bit difficult to go to the gym as it was very far away. a bit difficult to go to the gym as it was very far away. a bit difficult to go to the gym as it was very far away. Brother, look, let's keep Kunal's Brother, look, let's keep Kunal's Brother, look, let's keep Kunal's time down brother. time down brother. time down brother. You fell asleep upstairs. You fell asleep upstairs. You fell asleep upstairs. Kunal, what are you doing? Kunal, what are you doing? Kunal, what are you doing? These chests. These chests. These chests. Oh wow.   That Oh wow.   That Oh wow.   That 's right, friend. 's right, friend. 's right, friend. Look at it.  Well brother, the whole family Look at it.  Well brother, the whole family Look at it.  Well brother, the whole family liked the gym.  Now I will liked the gym.  Now I will liked the gym.  Now I will show you in detail which machines are there and what all show you in detail which machines are there and what all show you in detail which machines are there and what all is there.  Complete tour of our gym. is there.  Complete tour of our gym. is there.  Complete tour of our gym. So we made Brother Jim in our basement. So we made Brother Jim in our basement. So we made Brother Jim in our basement. As you know, our As you know, our As you know, our cool cars are also parked here.  Like cool cars are also parked here.  Like cool cars are also parked here.  Like PS, GW, there is a jeep parked there also.  So PS, GW, there is a jeep parked there also.  So PS, GW, there is a jeep parked there also.  So in this basement, in this area, we have built in this basement, in this area, we have built in this basement, in this area, we have built our complete home gym.  So guys, here is our complete home gym.  So guys, here is our complete home gym.  So guys, here is our treadmill which is a very our treadmill which is a very our treadmill which is a very nice treadmill.  There nice treadmill.  There nice treadmill.  There are a lot of options in this.  Look at this. are a lot of options in this.  Look at this. are a lot of options in this.  Look at this. Starting off, Starting off, Starting off, brother, this is awesome.  In this you brother, this is awesome.  In this you brother, this is awesome.  In this you can do chest as well as abs. can do chest as well as abs. can do chest as well as abs. And you can do it like this on the chest and you And you can do it like this on the chest and you And you can do it like this on the chest and you can also do it while reclined. can also do it while reclined. can also do it while reclined. Both wait, let's show it and Both wait, let's show it and Both wait, let's show it and show it.  Look, look, you show it.  Look, look, you show it.  Look, look, you can do such abs.  These are such apps, can do such abs.  These are such apps, can do such abs.  These are such apps, such apps, it is okay such apps, it is okay such apps, it is okay and try hitting your chest at the back and try hitting your chest at the back and try hitting your chest at the back and keep your chest, bench press, oh my god, it and keep your chest, bench press, oh my god, it and keep your chest, bench press, oh my god, it is great for bench press brother, try doing it like this, is great for bench press brother, try doing it like this, friend, friend, friend, this gym trainer will be beneficial, easily, this gym trainer will be beneficial, easily, this gym trainer will be beneficial, easily, so on its right side here we have so on its right side here we have so on its right side here we have these for doing squats etc., for doing shoulders, I these for doing squats etc., for doing shoulders, I these for doing squats etc., for doing shoulders, I mean we can do a lot of things, mean we can do a lot of things, mean we can do a lot of things, look at this and here is the cable look at this and here is the cable look at this and here is the cable machine in which guys, if we want to do chest here, then we can do chest machine in which guys, if we want to do chest here, then we can do chest machine in which guys, if we want to do chest here, then we can do chest from here from here from here and then change its grip, like this and then change its grip, like this and then change its grip, like this triceps, bicep, shoulder everything will be done. triceps, bicep, shoulder everything will be done. triceps, bicep, shoulder everything will be done. Together Together Together and can also hang up in it.   Yes. and can also hang up in it.   Yes. and can also hang up in it.   Yes. Pull ups?   You Pull ups?   You Pull ups?   You can also do pull ups. can also do pull ups. can also do pull ups. Oh hang me too. Oh hang me too. Oh hang me too. Kunali needs something to hang on to. Kunali needs something to hang on to. Kunali needs something to hang on to. Walk and do pull ups. Walk and do pull ups. Walk and do pull ups. Hit pull-ups. Hit pull-ups. Hit pull-ups. Another bridge. Another bridge. Another bridge. Kunali now I have to do it daily.  Daily exercise. Kunali now I have to do it daily.  Daily exercise. Kunali now I have to do it daily.  Daily exercise. And guys, right next to this is the And guys, right next to this is the And guys, right next to this is the deadlift area.  Look, we have created a complete platform deadlift area.  Look, we have created a complete platform deadlift area.  Look, we have created a complete platform for deadlift.  So for deadlift.  So for deadlift.  So look here there is a rod and 25-25.  This means 70 kg. look here there is a rod and 25-25.  This means 70 kg. look here there is a rod and 25-25.  This means 70 kg. I love deadlifts.  So I love deadlifts.  So I love deadlifts.  So I'm doing it right now with 70 kilos.  Oh, that's I'm doing it right now with 70 kilos.  Oh, that's I'm doing it right now with 70 kilos.  Oh, that's great.  Let us go. great.  Let us go. great.  Let us go. And look here there are all the plates for deadlift. And look here there are all the plates for deadlift. And look here there are all the plates for deadlift. And next to it here is And next to it here is And next to it here is this for the bag. this for the bag. this for the bag. Lat pull down. Lat pull down. Lat pull down. These are chests of bags. These are chests of bags. These are chests of bags. Look at it this way.   You Look at it this way.   You Look at it this way.   You can do it this way. can do it this way. can do it this way. And they will also be installed somewhere else. And they will also be installed somewhere else. And they will also be installed somewhere else. Ok?  Now you have to do it from below, you can do it from below also.   The Ok?  Now you have to do it from below, you can do it from below also.   The legs will be down, not the feet.  The feet legs will be down, not the feet.  The feet legs will be down, not the feet.  The feet will remain down.  Look at this, look at this, look at this, something like this. will remain down.  Look at this, look at this, look at this, something like this. will remain down.  Look at this, look at this, look at this, something like this. Next it's for the legs. Next it's for the legs. Next it's for the legs. Leg Extension: Leg Extension: It has both leg extension and leg curl.   In It has both leg extension and leg curl.   In It has both leg extension and leg curl.   In this way, this way, both are there for the legs. both are there for the legs. both are there for the legs. Yes.  And look guys, there are so many dumbbells on its left. Yes.  And look guys, there are so many dumbbells on its left. So here's the whole rack.  In this, we have kept all the dumbbells from 2.5 to So here's the whole rack.  In this, we have kept all the dumbbells from 2.5 to So here's the whole rack.  In this, we have kept all the dumbbells from 2.5 to 5, 7.5, 10, 12.5, 17.5, 20, 25. 5, 7.5, 10, 12.5, 17.5, 20, 25. 5, 7.5, 10, 12.5, 17.5, 20, 25. Both Both Both sets are of 10 each.  12-12 K 7.5 K.  So look sets are of 10 each.  12-12 K 7.5 K.  So look sets are of 10 each.  12-12 K 7.5 K.  So look how great this looks. how great this looks. how great this looks. And to its left, we have placed two roads here. And to its left, we have placed two roads here. And to its left, we have placed two roads here. And there is a bench placed here. And there is a bench placed here. And there is a bench placed here. And there is one bench here.  And And there is one bench here.  And And there is one bench here.  And look at all the weights here.  So, we have a complete gym. look at all the weights here.  So, we have a complete gym. look at all the weights here.  So, we have a complete gym. All the exercises will be done. All the exercises will be done. All the exercises will be done. So it is good for the whole family.   Easy Going. So it is good for the whole family.   Easy Going. So it is good for the whole family.   Easy Going. Now Joshi family will also remain our healthy family. Now Joshi family will also remain our healthy family. Overall, one hour is required for this. Overall, one hour is required for this. Overall, one hour is required for this. Yes.  Now I have to come to the basement anytime I get an hour a day.  You can Yes.  Now I have to come to the basement anytime I get an hour a day.  You can Yes.  Now I have to come to the basement anytime I get an hour a day.  You can workout at workout at workout at any time.  Because this is a bit of what happens when you go to the gym, you do any time.  Because this is a bit of what happens when you go to the gym, you do any time.  Because this is a bit of what happens when you go to the gym, you do n't have to look at the timing.  There is n't have to look at the timing.  There is n't have to look at the timing.  There is time for coming and going, there is crowd also.  But the time for coming and going, there is crowd also.  But the time for coming and going, there is crowd also.  But the family will not face any problem here.   Easy Going. family will not face any problem here.   Easy Going. family will not face any problem here.   Easy Going. Come to the basement whenever you feel like it. Come to the basement whenever you feel like it. Come to the basement whenever you feel like it. Work out and go have fun. Work out and go have fun. Work out and go have fun. And here the museum songs will play. And here the museum songs will play. And here the museum songs will play. Right now the lights have to be installed here, the sound system has to be installed Right now the lights have to be installed here, the sound system has to be installed Right now the lights have to be installed here, the sound system has to be installed and the main mirror has to be installed brother.  Guys, there will be and the main mirror has to be installed brother.  Guys, there will be full mirrors on this wall.  There is a full full mirrors on this wall.  There is a full full mirrors on this wall.  There is a full mirror so that you can see mirror so that you can see mirror so that you can see what kind of body you are building while working out.  And our gym what kind of body you are building while working out.  And our gym what kind of body you are building while working out.  And our gym is wide open.  Look, is wide open.  Look, is wide open.  Look, we did not keep it completely full.  We have kept the middle area completely empty.  If we did not keep it completely full.  We have kept the middle area completely empty.  If we did not keep it completely full.  We have kept the middle area completely empty.  If someone wants to do stretching, he can do it someone wants to do stretching, he can do it someone wants to do stretching, he can do it or else I can do push ups. or else I can do push ups. or else I can do push ups. So I can kill Easley.  Look, this is the So I can kill Easley.  Look, this is the So I can kill Easley.  Look, this is the best thing. best thing. best thing. So we have placed machines all around.  The So we have placed machines all around.  The So we have placed machines all around.  The area in the middle is kept empty.  Here, if anyone wants to do area in the middle is kept empty.  Here, if anyone wants to do area in the middle is kept empty.  Here, if anyone wants to do yoga or stretching, they can yoga or stretching, they can yoga or stretching, they can do anything in the middle area.  This do anything in the middle area.  This do anything in the middle area.  This is completely empty.  What happened Amma?   I am feeling is completely empty.  What happened Amma?   I am feeling is completely empty.  What happened Amma?   I am feeling happy.  What is and happy.  What is and happy.  What is and happy? happy? happy? Yes.   At Yes.   At Yes.   At this age?   The this age?   The this age?   The mother from the gym.   One should mother from the gym.   One should mother from the gym.   One should remain happy.  I am seeing this thing today. remain happy.  I am seeing this thing today. remain happy.  I am seeing this thing today. Guys Amma has never gone to the gym in her life.  I have Guys Amma has never gone to the gym in her life.  I have Guys Amma has never gone to the gym in her life.  I have come to the gym for the first time today.  That too come to the gym for the first time today.  That too come to the gym for the first time today.  That too in his own home gym. in his own home gym. in his own home gym. Babu, have you ever come?  Otherwise I am Babu, have you ever come?  Otherwise I am Babu, have you ever come?  Otherwise I am saying that there is a gym in the village anyway. saying that there is a gym in the village anyway. saying that there is a gym in the village anyway. Yes, there is a gym in the village.  Brother, Yes, there is a gym in the village.  Brother, Yes, there is a gym in the village.  Brother, everyone picked up the dumbbells. everyone picked up the dumbbells. everyone picked up the dumbbells. What challenge do you want to do? What challenge do you want to do? What challenge do you want to do? Attack. Attack. Attack. Attack?   What else Attack?   What else Attack?   What else ? ? ? Attack. Attack. Attack. Get it worshipped first. Get it worshipped first. Get it worshipped first. Yes friend, it is necessary to perform puja first. Yes friend, it is necessary to perform puja first. Yes friend, it is necessary to perform puja first. So for now let's start today's workout. So for now let's start today's workout. So for now let's start today's workout. Today will be the first workout in our own Today will be the first workout in our own Today will be the first workout in our own personal gym. personal gym. personal gym. From tomorrow.   Are From tomorrow.   Are From tomorrow.   Are ? ? ? Do it from tomorrow. Do it from tomorrow. Do it from tomorrow. Why? Why? Why? From tomorrow. From tomorrow. From tomorrow. The puja will be done again in the morning. The puja will be done again in the morning. The puja will be done again in the morning. Okay, shouldn't we do it now then?   That's what Okay, shouldn't we do it now then?   That's what Okay, shouldn't we do it now then?   That's what I am saying.   Do the I am saying.   Do the I am saying.   Do the puja.  What is morning? puja.  What is morning? puja.  What is morning? Mummy, which God?   Let us Mummy, which God?   Let us Mummy, which God?   Let us call Pandit ji. call Pandit ji. call Pandit ji. Guys but elder mom is saying not to do it now. Guys but elder mom is saying not to do it now. Guys but elder mom is saying not to do it now. First get the puja done and then do it from tomorrow morning.   That is First get the puja done and then do it from tomorrow morning.   That is right, isn't it? right, isn't it? right, isn't it? So come on brother, let's go out to the fields and So come on brother, let's go out to the fields and So come on brother, let's go out to the fields and see what vegetables are grown there. see what vegetables are grown there. see what vegetables are grown there. Then we will break it nicely.  So brother, look, the ladyfinger is getting Then we will break it nicely.  So brother, look, the ladyfinger is getting Then we will break it nicely.  So brother, look, the ladyfinger is getting delicious and let's pluck it.   Are delicious and let's pluck it.   Are delicious and let's pluck it.   Are you breaking it too?   Yes then. you breaking it too?   Yes then. Good. Good. Good. I am also helping someone. I am also helping someone. I am also helping someone. Here, put it in this. Here, put it in this. Here, put it in this. In.  Babu has also come brother to pluck ladyfinger. In.  Babu has also come brother to pluck ladyfinger. In.  Babu has also come brother to pluck ladyfinger. How colourful How colourful How colourful are these roads, my heart beats on these roads. are these roads, my heart beats on these roads. are these roads, my heart beats on these roads. Oh wow, grandfather is also singing the song 'Bhindi Oh wow, grandfather is also singing the song 'Bhindi Oh wow, grandfather is also singing the song 'Bhindi Todto Todte'.  Your heart is Todto Todte'.  Your heart is Todto Todte'.  Your heart is beating on the streets.  It is not beating on Amma.   Are beating on the streets.  It is not beating on Amma.   Are beating on the streets.  It is not beating on Amma.   Are ? ? ? I know where Amma is. I know where Amma is. I know where Amma is. Where is Amma? Where is Amma? Where is Amma? Amma is doing gym.  Babu is plucking vegetables Amma is doing gym.  Babu is plucking vegetables Amma is doing gym.  Babu is plucking vegetables here. here. here. Yes, look how big this ladyfinger is. Yes, look how big this ladyfinger is. Yes, look how big this ladyfinger is. Then you guys put it in it. Then you guys put it in it. Then you guys put it in it. What What What brother, now look, they are saying that we will do the wrong thing, brother, now look, they are saying that we will do the wrong thing, brother, now look, they are saying that we will do the wrong thing, both of us will do it together, brother, you will both of us will do it together, brother, you will both of us will do it together, brother, you will fall, you will fall together, don't do this brother, fall, you will fall together, don't do this brother, fall, you will fall together, don't do this brother, press it, it will be fun, move away in your hand, press it, it will be fun, move away in your hand, press it, it will be fun, move away in your hand, full speed, full speed, no no, full speed, full speed, no no, full speed, full speed, no no, full speed, do full speed, do full speed, do n't move, I will fall, if it hits my head, the person n't move, I will fall, if it hits my head, the person n't move, I will fall, if it hits my head, the person behind me, it will be behind me, it will be behind me, it will be fun, fun, I will catch you, if you fall, I will catch you, if you fall, I will catch you, if you fall, now don't come from behind, all now don't come from behind, all now don't come from behind, all three of you start running somewhere, hey three of you start running somewhere, hey three of you start running somewhere, hey no friend, you will no friend, you will no friend, you will spoil the machine, friend, today is your first day, spoil the machine, friend, today is your first day, spoil the machine, friend, today is your first day, speed up and charge, hey it is your speed up and charge, hey it is your speed up and charge, hey it is your first day, you will spoil the machine, first day, you will spoil the machine, first day, you will spoil the machine, nothing, yes.  Oh no.  Big vote, big vote, don't do nothing, yes.  Oh no.  Big vote, big vote, don't do nothing, yes.  Oh no.  Big vote, big vote, don't do this.  Big vote.  Reduced it, reduced it. Sardar, I have become serious.  My Sardar, I have become serious.  My Sardar, I have become serious.  My workout starts today.   There is workout starts today.   There is workout starts today.   There is no sound.   There is no sound.   There is no sound.   There is no sound.  There is no sound. no sound.  There is no sound. no sound.  There is no sound. Mom is refusing brother.  Kunali? So now everyone has gone, only Piyush and I are So now everyone has gone, only Piyush and I are So now everyone has gone, only Piyush and I are here because brother it is feeling very nice, friend if you have your here because brother it is feeling very nice, friend if you have your here because brother it is feeling very nice, friend if you have your own gym then look at that, Piyush has own gym then look at that, Piyush has own gym then look at that, Piyush has even ordered a band brother, look what Piyush is even ordered a band brother, look what Piyush is even ordered a band brother, look what Piyush is taking to the gym, taking to the gym, taking to the gym, workout is not fun without songs, workout is not fun without songs, workout is not fun without songs, now 30-30 songs will play, put them on Karan Ojla, sometimes at mom's house, sometimes at put them on Karan Ojla, sometimes at mom's house, sometimes at put them on Karan Ojla, sometimes at mom's house, sometimes at your home [music] your home [music] your home [music] hey friend Gaja [music] guys, now songs are playing in the gym downstairs and the now songs are playing in the gym downstairs and the now songs are playing in the gym downstairs and the sound is coming upstairs too, see it is not too loud sound is coming upstairs too, see it is not too loud sound is coming upstairs too, see it is not too loud and Chai ji's puja is going on.   Let's take water to the gym. Sir, look, I took a bath.   Did you Sir, look, I took a bath.   Did you Sir, look, I took a bath.   Did you sweat in the gym? sweat in the gym? sweat in the gym? And went. And went. And went. So from now on, will you go to the gym daily?   What else So from now on, will you go to the gym daily?   What else So from now on, will you go to the gym daily?   What else ?  Gym tomorrow too. ?  Gym tomorrow too. ?  Gym tomorrow too. Now there will be body pain tomorrow.   It will be a Now there will be body pain tomorrow.   It will be a Now there will be body pain tomorrow.   It will be a lot of fun.  Sorry, look, today I have lot of fun.  Sorry, look, today I have lot of fun.  Sorry, look, today I have made my own roti.   Will made my own roti.   Will made my own roti.   Will you eat such a small roti after gym?   What else you eat such a small roti after gym?   What else you eat such a small roti after gym?   What else ?   Are ?   Are ?   Are ?   This ?   This ?   This is my only tree. is my only tree. is my only tree. So everyone is having dinner right now.  So right now I have come to my So everyone is having dinner right now.  So right now I have come to my So everyone is having dinner right now.  So right now I have come to my room.  Now let me tell you room.  Now let me tell you room.  Now let me tell you why we have built a gym at home. why we have built a gym at home. why we have built a gym at home. What was the reason brother that we built a complete gym in the house?  The What was the reason brother that we built a complete gym in the house?  The What was the reason brother that we built a complete gym in the house?  The reason was that I used to go in the morning at reason was that I used to go in the morning at reason was that I used to go in the morning at 5:00 am.  And at 5:00 in the morning 5:00 am.  And at 5:00 in the morning 5:00 am.  And at 5:00 in the morning people used to stand outside the society.  Brothers used to follow me, man.  They did people used to stand outside the society.  Brothers used to follow me, man.  They did people used to stand outside the society.  Brothers used to follow me, man.  They did n't even let me go to the gym.   Do you n't even let me go to the gym.   Do you n't even let me go to the gym.   Do you understand?  That brother, I wake up in the morning and understand?  That brother, I wake up in the morning and understand?  That brother, I wake up in the morning and go to the gym in my sleep so that I don't go to the gym in my sleep so that I don't go to the gym in my sleep so that I don't find the crowd there late.  But even at 5:00 in the morning, find the crowd there late.  But even at 5:00 in the morning, find the crowd there late.  But even at 5:00 in the morning, people knew I was leaving.  Then people knew I was leaving.  Then people knew I was leaving.  Then people are following.  And people are following.  And people are following.  And once the scene became quite intense.  So then once the scene became quite intense.  So then once the scene became quite intense.  So then I thought that I will have to make it at home.  I can do it I thought that I will have to make it at home.  I can do it I thought that I will have to make it at home.  I can do it well at home and I wo well at home and I wo well at home and I wo n't have to go anywhere.  So that's the only n't have to go anywhere.  So that's the only n't have to go anywhere.  So that's the only reason guys.  Something had happened.  Rest, see you reason guys.  Something had happened.  Rest, see you reason guys.  Something had happened.  Rest, see you in the next vlog.  Thank you so much in the next vlog.  Thank you so much in the next vlog.  Thank you so much for watching.  Bye. for watching.  Bye. for watching.  Bye. OK