Hi, Guys.  So, now I have Hi, Guys.  So, now I have Hi, Guys.  So, now I have arrived at the location at the Rafles Hotel. arrived at the location at the Rafles Hotel. arrived at the location at the Rafles Hotel. I arrived earlier because I arrived earlier because I arrived earlier because L happened to have work before me.  So L happened to have work before me.  So L happened to have work before me.  So he arrived later.  So now he arrived later.  So now he arrived later.  So now we are waiting.  He said he had already we are waiting.  He said he had already we are waiting.  He said he had already gone upstairs. gone upstairs. gone upstairs. Hello, Hello, Hello, long life, the person is sought after.  There is. long life, the person is sought after.  There is. long life, the person is sought after.  There is. O.   We're going to do O.   We're going to do O.   We're going to do food testing later, guys. food testing later, guys. food testing later, guys. Yes, but sorry, I went in Yes, but sorry, I went in Yes, but sorry, I went in earlier.  I've already tasted it. earlier.  I've already tasted it. earlier.  I've already tasted it. Kaji, sorry, I'm leaving your bag with you.  Now we Kaji, sorry, I'm leaving your bag with you.  Now we Kaji, sorry, I'm leaving your bag with you.  Now we want to see what the fit is want to see what the fit is want to see what the fit is today.  Let's go.  Can't wait. today.  Let's go.  Can't wait. today.  Let's go.  Can't wait. Let's go. Hi guys, welcome back to our YouTube Hi guys, welcome back to our YouTube Hi guys, welcome back to our YouTube channel.  So today I've finished getting channel.  So today I've finished getting channel.  So today I've finished getting ready to go to Task Food for ready to go to Task Food for ready to go to Task Food for my and L's wedding. I'm really excited. my and L's wedding. I'm really excited. my and L's wedding. I'm really excited. I'll meet L there later. I'll meet L there later. I'll meet L there later. E so later I think he E so later I think he E so later I think he will train to deliver it.  Well, I was will train to deliver it.  Well, I was will train to deliver it.  Well, I was actually ready, but there was something I actually ready, but there was something I actually ready, but there was something I missed.  I forget.  I haven't brushed my missed.  I forget.  I haven't brushed my missed.  I forget.  I haven't brushed my teeth yet.  Oh my God, how can you brush your teeth yet.  Oh my God, how can you brush your teeth yet.  Oh my God, how can you brush your teeth?  Forgot the most important thing.  So teeth?  Forgot the most important thing.  So teeth?  Forgot the most important thing.  So now I really want to get my teeth done, now I really want to get my teeth done, now I really want to get my teeth done, guys. guys. guys. Guys, it turns out that wedding preparations involve Guys, it turns out that wedding preparations involve Guys, it turns out that wedding preparations involve a lot of coordination and talking a lot of coordination and talking a lot of coordination and talking with vendors, family members, and with vendors, family members, and with vendors, family members, and other partners. other partners. other partners. Before continuing with the vlog, I want to give you some Before continuing with the vlog, I want to give you some Before continuing with the vlog, I want to give you some tips and tricks for those of you who are not confident tips and tricks for those of you who are not confident tips and tricks for those of you who are not confident about bad breath.  Don't you want about bad breath.  Don't you want about bad breath.  Don't you want your activities to be disturbed because your mouth isn't your activities to be disturbed because your mouth isn't your activities to be disturbed because your mouth isn't fresh? Well, the first step is brushing your teeth. Well, the first step is brushing your teeth. Well, the first step is brushing your teeth. After that, double cleansing is mandatory using After that, double cleansing is mandatory using After that, double cleansing is mandatory using Listerin mouthwash watermelon mint.  This Listerin mouthwash watermelon mint.  This Listerin mouthwash watermelon mint.  This tastes very tropical, light, tastes very tropical, light, tastes very tropical, light, not spicy in the mouth.  The vibes are not spicy in the mouth.  The vibes are not spicy in the mouth.  The vibes are fun, perfect for daily refreshment fun, perfect for daily refreshment fun, perfect for daily refreshment to boost your confidence.  [music] It's finished.  Now I'm ready to go. It's finished.  Now I'm ready to go. It's finished.  Now I'm ready to go. Okay, guys.  Now we have arrived at the Okay, guys.  Now we have arrived at the Okay, guys.  Now we have arrived at the food test room. food test room. food test room. Food testing. Food testing. Food testing. You can see that this is really intentional. You can see that this is really intentional. You can see that this is really intentional. It's like you've really been buffed up for the It's like you've really been buffed up for the It's like you've really been buffed up for the big day. big day. big day. Oh, this really is like a Oh, this really is like a Oh, this really is like a full buffet. full buffet. full buffet. Yes Yes Yes Uh, Uh, Uh, like this.  Later like this.  Later like this.  Later the position will be like this.  There is the position will be like this.  There is the position will be like this.  There is white rice, there is zoo fried rice, fried white rice, there is zoo fried rice, fried white rice, there is zoo fried rice, fried Hong Kong noodles. Hong Kong noodles. Hong Kong noodles. What is this? broccoli.  Uh, broccoli.  Uh, broccoli.  Uh, here's brown cereal, prown mayonnaise here's brown cereal, prown mayonnaise here's brown cereal, prown mayonnaise and beef molan sal honey glicken.  So, and beef molan sal honey glicken.  So, and beef molan sal honey glicken.  So, this was deliberately squeezed in this was deliberately squeezed in this was deliberately squeezed in with our arrival so that everything was still fresh with our arrival so that everything was still fresh with our arrival so that everything was still fresh .  And it looks good.  To be .  And it looks good.  To be .  And it looks good.  To be honest, I've been trying out [music] in honest, I've been trying out [music] in honest, I've been trying out [music] in installments because I'm hungry. installments because I'm hungry. installments because I'm hungry. So I just tasted my ex. So I just tasted my ex. So I just tasted my ex. Very delicious. Very delicious. Very delicious. After a while, Siifa was already hungry After a while, Siifa was already hungry After a while, Siifa was already hungry too.  Let's just get started.  E too.  Let's just get started.  E too.  Let's just get started.  E food testing today. food testing today. food testing today. Let's go, okay? Let's go, okay? Let's go, okay? This is really interesting.  L s This is really interesting.  L s This is really interesting.  L s yeah yeah yeah I'll be like I'm going to waste it if I I'll be like I'm going to waste it if I I'll be like I'm going to waste it if I don't.  Soup me too who was I? don't.  Soup me too who was I? don't.  Soup me too who was I? Mixed cheese.  This is mushroom soup. Mixed cheese.  This is mushroom soup. Mixed cheese.  This is mushroom soup. What's the name of the mixed cheese?  The meat is What's the name of the mixed cheese?  The meat is What's the name of the mixed cheese?  The meat is there. there. there. Oh, this is the same as the one my mother took.  Oh, one spoonful later, okay? spoonful later, okay? spoonful later, okay? Now let's be alone for now, okay?   We haven't Now let's be alone for now, okay?   We haven't Now let's be alone for now, okay?   We haven't bribed each other on the wedding dais yet. bribed each other on the wedding dais yet. bribed each other on the wedding dais yet. More like spilled.  More More like spilled.  More More like spilled.  More spilled. spilled. spilled. Yes  Bismillahirrahmanirrahim. Hmm.  Nice.  Hmm. This Ngobet is delicious with Padang rice, right?  No This Ngobet is delicious with Padang rice, right?  No This Ngobet is delicious with Padang rice, right?  No way. way. way. Wrong time. Wrong time. Wrong time. Bread is also delicious. Bread is also delicious. Bread is also delicious. It's not too It's not too It's not too mushroomy, isn't it?  Hey. mushroomy, isn't it?  Hey. mushroomy, isn't it?  Hey. And not too thick. Thank you.  That's perfect. Thank you.  That's perfect. Thank you.  That's perfect. Guys, that's how it works, people say Guys, that's how it works, people say Guys, that's how it works, people say he uses bread, guys. he uses bread, guys. he uses bread, guys. To be full, we usually use rice To be full, we usually use rice To be full, we usually use rice when we're testing food. when we're testing food. when we're testing food. Why is it Why is it Why is it okay to add more food during the test? okay to add more food during the test? okay to add more food during the test? Yes, it's Yes, it's Yes, it's okay, try it, usually okay, try it, usually okay, try it, usually people eat like this, the stems are people eat like this, the stems are people eat like this, the stems are not per, don't just finish them not per, don't just finish them not per, don't just finish them when you're full.   It's when you're full.   It's when you're full.   It's delicious that delicious that delicious that you protested that you couldn't get the package.  E you protested that you couldn't get the package.  E you protested that you couldn't get the package.  E can be done if you make a living. can be done if you make a living. can be done if you make a living. Don't be the guys either.  Is Mrs. Bunga offal? offal? offal? Yes  [music] Oh, what's up?  When you cut it, it Oh, what's up?  When you cut it, it Oh, what's up?  When you cut it, it looks like there's looks like there's looks like there's no bone.  Oh, there are no no bone.  Oh, there are no no bone.  Oh, there are no bones anymore.  So if it's oxtail without bones, bones anymore.  So if it's oxtail without bones, bones anymore.  So if it's oxtail without bones, it's fine if it's oxtail [laughs] don't make jokes when you're not don't make jokes when you're not don't make jokes when you're not serious, serious, serious, so I think I'll just shut up for a while. so I think I'll just shut up for a while. so I think I'll just shut up for a while. Seriously, Seriously, Seriously, let's try this one first.  Oh, there are some let's try this one first.  Oh, there are some let's try this one first.  Oh, there are some who use pink, who use pink, who use pink, but I prefer blue, it's not soft. but I prefer blue, it's not soft. but I prefer blue, it's not soft. Different times, different times.  Oh, it's Different times, different times.  Oh, it's Different times, different times.  Oh, it's different this time.  Different times. Now I want to take the main course.  You Now I want to take the main course.  You Now I want to take the main course.  You have to restrain yourself because there is have to restrain yourself because there is have to restrain yourself because there is still a lot of food.  So we were like yes, the still a lot of food.  So we were like yes, the still a lot of food.  So we were like yes, the important thing is that we have tasted it. important thing is that we have tasted it. important thing is that we have tasted it. Feeling. Feeling. Feeling. The important thing is that I've felt it. The important thing is that I've felt it. The important thing is that I've felt it. White rice doesn't taste good. White rice doesn't taste good. White rice doesn't taste good. It seems like white rice is the same everywhere It seems like white rice is the same everywhere It seems like white rice is the same everywhere , guys.  So we don't think we're , guys.  So we don't think we're , guys.  So we don't think we're using white rice. using white rice. using white rice. Oh what is he?  It's like vermicelli but why is there Oh what is he?  It's like vermicelli but why is there Oh what is he?  It's like vermicelli but why is there so much?  vermicelli but thinner. so much?  vermicelli but thinner. so much?  vermicelli but thinner. Let's cancel it today, okay? Let's cancel it today, okay? Let's cancel it today, okay? Yes  What do you want? Yes  What do you want? Yes  What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? Ahah.  It's really tiny. Ahah.  It's really tiny. Ahah.  It's really tiny. This is This is This is broccoli.   Do broccoli.   Do broccoli.   Do you want the plates to be separated like that you want the plates to be separated like that you want the plates to be separated like that , honey?  So , honey?  So , honey?  So if there's a voice, I'll take the if there's a voice, I'll take the if there's a voice, I'll take the two one two one two one [music], [music], [music], we have to do it all, guys.  So bismillahirrahmanirrahim, bismillahirrahmanirrahim, bismillahirrahmanirrahim, I hope [clears throat] I hope [clears throat] I hope [clears throat] my stomach will be my stomach will be my stomach will be strong, strong, strong, fish skin fish skin fish skin . . . Yes, that's fish skin. Yes, that's fish skin. Yes, that's fish skin. Oh, there are dumplings.  Eh, this is empting wonton. Oh, there are dumplings.  Eh, this is empting wonton. Oh, there are dumplings.  Eh, this is empting wonton. These crackers are really cute, aren't they?  There are These crackers are really cute, aren't they?  There are These crackers are really cute, aren't they?  There are no colorful crackers. no colorful crackers. no colorful crackers. There aren't any colorful crackers, There aren't any colorful crackers, what should we try? what should we try? what should we try? What's on the plate like this? Let's try it, Guys.   It's deliciously crispy. deliciously crispy. deliciously crispy. This is fried rice. Bali [clears throat] between these two I have fried rice. between these two I have fried rice. between these two I have fried rice. The fried rice is delicious. This is honey glazed chicken. Right to know which Right to know which Right to know which hmm is delicious. delicious. delicious. I really like chickens I really like chickens I really like chickens like this, the like this, the like this, the sweet ones with flour. sweet ones with flour. sweet ones with flour. This is just take a try, try it, sis, here, mother, there is still some sis, here, mother, there is still some sis, here, mother, there is still some meat or fruit, meat or fruit, meat or fruit, it's delicious, black pepper, yes, black pepper, it's delicious, black pepper, yes, black pepper, it's delicious, black pepper, yes, black pepper, eat black pepper, yes, eat black pepper, yes, eat black pepper, yes, what was this, sauce, okay, take the sauce, there's not enough, there's a what was this, sauce, okay, take the sauce, there's not enough, there's a what was this, sauce, okay, take the sauce, there's not enough, there's a lot of it lot of it lot of it . . . I'm okay, but I'm more of a I'm okay, but I'm more of a I'm okay, but I'm more of a Berserker.  Hehe. Berserker.  Hehe. Berserker.  Hehe. Chicken Chicken Chicken doesn't doesn't doesn't taste like gendar, right?  What was that? taste like gendar, right?  What was that? taste like gendar, right?  What was that? I know, Sis.  Gender I know, Sis.  Gender I know, Sis.  Gender crackers are crackers are crackers are quite squid. quite squid. quite squid. So this is the price of squid. So this is the price of squid. So this is the price of squid. It's just sor Singapore Laksa, Singapore Laksa, Singapore Laksa, they say they say they say Oh, I, that's the most delicious Oh, I, that's the most delicious Oh, I, that's the most delicious laksa. laksa. laksa. Well, I really like that.  Yes, yes, I ...  There are Well, I really like that.  Yes, yes, I ...  There are still lots on still lots on still lots on the menu, Guys.  Just you guys want to see it's the menu, Guys.  Just you guys want to see it's the menu, Guys.  Just you guys want to see it's pretty famous.  We should try it first. pretty famous.  We should try it first. pretty famous.  We should try it first. There was laksa, right? There was laksa, but after this, I There was laksa, right? There was laksa, but after this, I There was laksa, right? There was laksa, but after this, I don't know what, but there was Singapore chili don't know what, but there was Singapore chili don't know what, but there was Singapore chili crab and salmon crab and salmon crab and salmon black ang [music] a lot of guys, I was full, but my favorite is guys, I was full, but my favorite is guys, I was full, but my favorite is liwet rice because at that time, during Torik's wedding ceremony, liwet rice because at that time, during Torik's wedding ceremony, liwet rice because at that time, during Torik's wedding ceremony, if I'm not mistaken, after the wedding ceremony, we had if I'm not mistaken, after the wedding ceremony, we had if I'm not mistaken, after the wedding ceremony, we had liwat rice for lunch, and I added liwat rice for lunch, and I added liwat rice for lunch, and I added a lot, I don't know whether it was because I was tired or a lot, I don't know whether it was because I was tired or a lot, I don't know whether it was because I was tired or hungry, but it was really delicious, we had hungry, but it was really delicious, we had hungry, but it was really delicious, we had liwet. At that time, we were just getting close, and liwet. At that time, we were just getting close, and liwet. At that time, we were just getting close, and he was like, yeah, I ate a lot of silwat, he he was like, yeah, I ate a lot of silwat, he he was like, yeah, I ate a lot of silwat, he said Torik.  Hehe.  Then, said Torik.  Hehe.  Then, said Torik.  Hehe.  Then, if I'm not mistaken, if I'm not mistaken, if I'm not mistaken, you ran out of food, so you went to the kitchen to you ran out of food, so you went to the kitchen to you ran out of food, so you went to the kitchen to help cook, right? help cook, right? help cook, right? Help cook Help cook Help cook so they'll come back for dinner. so they'll come back for dinner. so they'll come back for dinner. Then he seemed to be carrying software at that time, Then he seemed to be carrying software at that time, Then he seemed to be carrying software at that time, so what a so what a so what a shame for the parents.  That's right.   There's shame for the parents.  That's right.   There's shame for the parents.  That's right.   There's no such thing anymore, you know, you no such thing anymore, you know, you no such thing anymore, you know, you heat it up, heat it up, heat it up, heat it up again, put it in the fridge again heat it up again, put it in the fridge again heat it up again, put it in the fridge again this is the hero of this hotel, Guys.  It's only this is the hero of this hotel, Guys.  It's only this is the hero of this hotel, Guys.  It's only here.  And this is one of the most here.  And this is one of the most here.  And this is one of the most awaited ones. awaited ones. awaited ones. How much difference is that? How much difference is that? How much difference is that? Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Wow, this is Alaskan crab, Guys.  So he's Wow, this is Alaskan crab, Guys.  So he's Wow, this is Alaskan crab, Guys.  So he's not an ordinary crab, but an Alaskan not an ordinary crab, but an Alaskan not an ordinary crab, but an Alaskan crab. crab. crab. Alaskan crab. Alaskan crab. Alaskan crab. That's why the meat is thick. That's why the meat is thick. That's why the meat is thick. Let's try. Let's try. Let's try. I really want to finish this, but I ca I really want to finish this, but I ca I really want to finish this, but I ca n't do it later because Minang doesn't. n't do it later because Minang doesn't. n't do it later because Minang doesn't. That's right. That's right. That's right. Nice.  It's really a champion, I Nice.  It's really a champion, I Nice.  It's really a champion, I swear, I've been swear, I've been swear, I've been here for so many times, this is the second time when here for so many times, this is the second time when here for so many times, this is the second time when there's the chili kban, right when I'm always there's the chili kban, right when I'm always there's the chili kban, right when I'm always full, full, full, so it's like it never runs so it's like it never runs so it's like it never runs out, it's actually the out, it's actually the out, it's actually the first time I've come here, I immediately first time I've come here, I immediately first time I've come here, I immediately tried this, yeah, tried this, yeah, tried this, yeah, because this is when I first because this is when I first because this is when I first checked the venue, we were checked the venue, we were checked the venue, we were given given given this free discount, and it's not free, this free discount, and it's not free, this free discount, and it's not free, actually, actually, actually, what is it like, if it's complimentary, it might be what is it like, if it's complimentary, it might be what is it like, if it's complimentary, it might be free. free. free. Yes, it's complementary.  This is still the Yes, it's complementary.  This is still the Yes, it's complementary.  This is still the champion, right? champion, right? champion, right? This is unique because it's rare This is unique because it's rare This is unique because it's rare to find things like this that are to find things like this that are to find things like this that are truly delicious.  You can be too truly delicious.  You can be too truly delicious.  You can be too weird if you do it wrong. weird if you do it wrong. weird if you do it wrong. So he tires and continues to crab. So he tires and continues to crab. So he tires and continues to crab. This [music] base seems to be a steel tire. This [music] base seems to be a steel tire. This [music] base seems to be a steel tire. Flood.  Flood. Flood.  Flood. Flood.  Flood. So what is this?  What sauce? So what is this?  What sauce? So what is this?  What sauce? Does the sauce taste like Padang sauce Does the sauce taste like Padang sauce Does the sauce taste like Padang sauce ?   Is ?   Is ?   Is not that?  [laughs] It not that?  [laughs] It not that?  [laughs] It 's like some kind of sauce, but it's delicious. 's like some kind of sauce, but it's delicious. 's like some kind of sauce, but it's delicious. Tomatoes, huh?  Like a tomato, it Tomatoes, huh?  Like a tomato, it Tomatoes, huh?  Like a tomato, it looks like a tomato.  But it seems like looks like a tomato.  But it seems like looks like a tomato.  But it seems like because he was given this coriander [cough], it smells because he was given this coriander [cough], it smells because he was given this coriander [cough], it smells good.  Hehe.  This coriander smells good, good.  Hehe.  This coriander smells good, good.  Hehe.  This coriander smells good, right? right? right? Coriander leaves. Coriander leaves. Coriander leaves. Huh? Huh? Huh? Honestly, my Honestly, my Honestly, my pants are already tight. pants are already tight. pants are already tight. Honestly, I'm on a diet.  Honestly, I'm on a diet.  Honestly, it's Honestly, I'm on a diet.  Honestly, I'm on a diet.  Honestly, it's Honestly, I'm on a diet.  Honestly, I'm on a diet.  Honestly, it's just from the doctor just from the doctor just from the doctor who is 34 full [clears throat] yeah. who is 34 full [clears throat] yeah. who is 34 full [clears throat] yeah. Here it's different, it's not classical, Here it's different, it's not classical, Here it's different, it's not classical, so we deconstructed it.  So the shape is so we deconstructed it.  So the shape is so we deconstructed it.  So the shape is like this in regular like this like this in regular like this like this in regular like this so it's not layered directly like that. so it's not layered directly like that. so it's not layered directly like that. Truly.  This is like a salmon bag, Truly.  This is like a salmon bag, Truly.  This is like a salmon bag, so it's like a salmon bag, usually the so it's like a salmon bag, usually the so it's like a salmon bag, usually the salmon is directly on the outside like that. salmon is directly on the outside like that. salmon is directly on the outside like that. Usually, if it's classic, it's Usually, if it's classic, it's like a salmon bag. like a salmon bag. like a salmon bag. So it's not like we eat it like this .   Just .   Just .   Just eat.  Eat, eat, eat. I think that Sis Kak and Sis Syifa I think that Sis Kak and Sis Syifa I think that Sis Kak and Sis Syifa both like dessert, I think that's both like dessert, I think that's both like dessert, I think that's dessert.  So today there is the last e-menu, dessert.  So today there is the last e-menu, dessert.  So today there is the last e-menu, later Sara will release the later Sara will release the later Sara will release the signature menu, we will have some Starcard, signature menu, we will have some Starcard, signature menu, we will have some Starcard, okay? okay? okay? Wow.  Thank You.  Yes  The same way, but different, does this mean something same way, but different, does this mean something same way, but different, does this mean something similar? similar? similar? Similar. Similar. Similar. And he also has two choices of chili sauce. And he also has two choices of chili sauce. And he also has two choices of chili sauce. So there are green chilies, [music] there are So there are green chilies, [music] there are So there are green chilies, [music] there are also red chilies.   Does that also red chilies.   Does that also red chilies.   Does that mean the dendeng batok doesn't mean the dendeng batok doesn't mean the dendeng batok doesn't have any chili sauce on it? have any chili sauce on it? have any chili sauce on it? Yes  No, not immediately so it Yes  No, not immediately so it Yes  No, not immediately so it becomes crispy.   Did becomes crispy.   Did becomes crispy.   Did you eat it earlier? you eat it earlier? you eat it earlier? Oh, you'd Oh, you'd Oh, you'd rather pass by, right?  Try it. rather pass by, right?  Try it. rather pass by, right?  Try it. I have never.  Just because El had I have never.  Just because El had I have never.  Just because El had praised this, I was curious. praised this, I was curious. praised this, I was curious. Penya for me yeah. Penya for me yeah. Penya for me yeah. Take it darling, take the stink Take it darling, take the stink Take it darling, take the stink beans and take a bath [laughs] take the beans and take a bath [laughs] take the beans and take a bath [laughs] take the stink beans' armpits first. stink beans' armpits first. stink beans' armpits first. What kind of chili sauce is this? What kind of chili sauce is this? What kind of chili sauce is this? Well, there is this Thai shrimp paste chili sauce Well, there is this Thai shrimp paste chili sauce Well, there is this Thai shrimp paste chili sauce . . . Yes, sorry, this one.  This one. Yes, sorry, this one.  This one. Yes, sorry, this one.  This one. This is chili sauce. This is chili sauce. This is chili sauce. This one is like onion chili sauce This one is like onion chili sauce This one is like onion chili sauce .  Well, try it.  Don't eat .  Well, try it.  Don't eat .  Well, try it.  Don't eat the petek on the day.  [laughs] the petek on the day.  [laughs] the petek on the day.  [laughs] Be patient, be patient, talk to Be patient, be patient, talk to Be patient, be patient, talk to people later.  [laughs] people later.  [laughs] people later.  [laughs] Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. It's still long.  Hm dear. It's still long.  Hm dear. It's still long.  Hm dear. Sambilnyang is also Sambilnyang is also Sambilnyang is also really spicy, isn't it? really spicy, isn't it? really spicy, isn't it? Nice. Nice. Nice. Oh. So did you eat the pete or not? So did you eat the pete or not? So did you eat the pete or not? Already. Already. Already. Oh my God, I'm done with him. Oh my God, I'm done with him. Oh my God, I'm done with him. It can bite, It can bite, It can bite, man.  After this, we want to meet man.  After this, we want to meet man.  After this, we want to meet people people people again.  Hey, where's my pocket money, Beb? again.  Hey, where's my pocket money, Beb? again.  Hey, where's my pocket money, Beb? Well, I always put it here. Well, I always put it here. Well, I always put it here. That's why I always bring That's why I always bring That's why I always bring this wherever I go because it's this wherever I go because it's this wherever I go because it's really on point, practical.  He just stays like this really on point, practical.  He just stays like this really on point, practical.  He just stays like this . . . Yes, he has a hanger.   It's Yes, he has a hanger.   It's Yes, he has a hanger.   It's really easy. really easy. really easy. Hehe.  Here, just two or three sprays are enough to make it Hehe.  Here, just two or three sprays are enough to make it Hehe.  Here, just two or three sprays are enough to make it fresh immediately. Hmm, the culm is really good.  Fresh again. Hmm, the culm is really good.  Fresh again. Hmm, the culm is really good.  Fresh again. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yes dear.  In short, your breath will be Yes dear.  In short, your breath will be Yes dear.  In short, your breath will be fresh instantly anytime and anywhere. fresh instantly anytime and anywhere. fresh instantly anytime and anywhere. So after this we can immediately continue the So after this we can immediately continue the So after this we can immediately continue the meeting.   That's cool, huh? meeting.   That's cool, huh? Let's continue Let's continue Let's continue our list. our list. our list. Oh yes.  E we are not on the list Oh yes.  E we are not on the list Oh yes.  E we are not on the list actually but we want you to try it. Well, this is called Coffee Lua Sil Cup. Well, this is called Coffee Lua Sil Cup. Well, this is called Coffee Lua Sil Cup. [music] So that's the ice cream with [music] So that's the ice cream with [music] So that's the ice cream with broad coffee.  Hehe. broad coffee.  Hehe. broad coffee.  Hehe. Then inside there is ice, eh coffee Then inside there is ice, eh coffee Then inside there is ice, eh coffee jelly.  Cof. jelly.  Cof. jelly.  Cof. Then the green one is avocado Then the green one is avocado Then the green one is avocado mousse. mousse. mousse. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Means. Means. Means. Yes  And that's how to eat it, you can Yes  And that's how to eat it, you can Yes  And that's how to eat it, you can crush it.  So it can be crush it.  So it can be crush it.  So it can be destroyed.  Correct.   So Nah destroyed.  Correct.   So Nah destroyed.  Correct.   So Nah .  Oh. .  Oh. .  Oh. Now. Now. Now. Oh my, it's completely destroyed. Oh my, it's completely destroyed. Oh my, it's completely destroyed. What do you mean [laughs]?  Here's how it is What do you mean [laughs]?  Here's how it is What do you mean [laughs]?  Here's how it is .  What I mean is this, K. I mean the .  What I mean is this, K. I mean the .  What I mean is this, K. I mean the same as Kasia.  Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry, same as Kasia.  Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry, same as Kasia.  Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.  It's like old [laughs] the pony is destroyed.  It's too broken pony is destroyed.  It's too broken pony is destroyed.  It's too broken , bro.   It is , bro.   It is , bro.   It is okay.  It is okay.  Well, let's okay.  It is okay.  Well, let's okay.  It is okay.  Well, let's try this, what's it called?  Hey, try this, what's it called?  Hey, try this, what's it called?  Hey, everyone eats together.  So it's like an everyone eats together.  So it's like an everyone eats together.  So it's like an iced coffee mocha.   The iced coffee mocha.   The iced coffee mocha.   The aado is delicious. aado is delicious. aado is delicious. Yes, there is avocado too.  So it's Yes, there is avocado too.  So it's Yes, there is avocado too.  So it's sweet but not too sweet.  Nice. sweet but not too sweet.  Nice. sweet but not too sweet.  Nice. Even though I don't like coffee.  I Even though I don't like coffee.  I Even though I don't like coffee.  I don't mean coffee.  Oh.  Ah, don't mean coffee.  Oh.  Ah, don't mean coffee.  Oh.  Ah, it feels balanced, huh? it feels balanced, huh? it feels balanced, huh? Yes Yes Yes The avocado isn't too The avocado isn't too The avocado isn't too avocadoy either. avocadoy either. avocadoy either. Correct.  Then ee cok e si coffe, that's why Correct.  Then ee cok e si coffe, that's why Correct.  Then ee cok e si coffe, that's why people who don't eat or don't people who don't eat or don't people who don't eat or don't drink coffe can also enjoy it. drink coffe can also enjoy it. drink coffe can also enjoy it. Because he also likes light coffee.  So it's Because he also likes light coffee.  So it's Because he also likes light coffee.  So it's not a very strong e. not a very strong e. not a very strong e. Kofit.  That means only in the ice cream, Kofit.  That means only in the ice cream, Kofit.  That means only in the ice cream, right? right? right? Yes, it is true.  There's also ice jelly too Yes, it is true.  There's also ice jelly too Yes, it is true.  There's also ice jelly too . . . Jelly coffee underneath.  So it's like Jelly coffee underneath.  So it's like Jelly coffee underneath.  So it's like Korean mixed with an Indonesian touch Korean mixed with an Indonesian touch Korean mixed with an Indonesian touch .  Because the coffee is luangkes. Well, Well, Well, this is our bride. this is our bride. this is our bride. Hello, Chef. Hello, Chef. Hello, Chef. Well, this is Chef Andrew.  Chef who Well, this is Chef Andrew.  Chef who Well, this is Chef Andrew.  Chef who today incas. today incas. today incas. Well, if there are any shortcomings, just Well, if there are any shortcomings, just Well, if there are any shortcomings, just chat directly with the chef. chat directly with the chef. chat directly with the chef. Okay.  Well, today we just Okay.  Well, today we just Okay.  Well, today we just finished the food testing event for finished the food testing event for finished the food testing event for Kak L and Kak Sira's event.  Maybe it would be better if Kak L and Kak Sira's event.  Maybe it would be better if Kak L and Kak Sira's event.  Maybe it would be better if we just review the we just review the we just review the food we tried today. food we tried today. food we tried today. For Japanese soba, I For Japanese soba, I For Japanese soba, I heeh to be honest, I don't really heeh to be honest, I don't really heeh to be honest, I don't really like medicine.  So I like medicine.  So I like medicine.  So I don't know if don't know if don't know if other people besides me other people besides me other people besides me would want to eat soba as an would want to eat soba as an would want to eat soba as an appetizer or not. appetizer or not. appetizer or not. Well [clears throat] then we'll give you options, Well [clears throat] then we'll give you options, Well [clears throat] then we'll give you options, okay?  Anyway, the one that we okay?  Anyway, the one that we okay?  Anyway, the one that we immediately agreed with was the paper immediately agreed with was the paper immediately agreed with was the paper sir tuna and fresh. sir tuna and fresh. sir tuna and fresh. Okay, Okay, Okay, our our our soup is also okay. soup is also okay. soup is also okay. How to make mushrooms?   Does the How to make mushrooms?   Does the How to make mushrooms?   Does the E travel lack the aroma of E travel lack the aroma of E travel lack the aroma of the travel? Our food testing is over for Our food testing is over for Our food testing is over for today.  Hopefully everyone who eats will today.  Hopefully everyone who eats will today.  Hopefully everyone who eats will like our choice.  In our opinion, it's like our choice.  In our opinion, it's like our choice.  In our opinion, it's delicious.   We delicious.   We delicious.   We think it's delicious.  Actually, think it's delicious.  Actually, think it's delicious.  Actually, what are we?  we have big tastes in food what are we?  we have big tastes in food what are we?  we have big tastes in food .  It means that we are .  It means that we are .  It means that we are trusted by the people around trusted by the people around trusted by the people around us to value delicious food.  So, us to value delicious food.  So, us to value delicious food.  So, God willing, this will definitely be delicious and God willing, this will definitely be delicious and God willing, this will definitely be delicious and hopefully everyone will like it and the quality of hopefully everyone will like it and the quality of hopefully everyone will like it and the quality of the food will be maintained until the event the food will be maintained until the event the food will be maintained until the event is over.  And hopefully the event is over.  And hopefully the event is over.  And hopefully the event runs smoothly and everyone runs smoothly and everyone runs smoothly and everyone goes home with a full stomach and a goes home with a full stomach and a goes home with a full stomach and a happy mood. happy mood. happy mood. Thank you for watching our vlog today. Thank you for watching our vlog today. Thank you for watching our vlog today. Bye bye.