Hey guys, welcome back to One Momini Hey guys, welcome back to One Momini Hey guys, welcome back to One Momini Vlog. My Vlog. My Vlog. My brother-in-law got married and was invited to my sister Saurik's brother-in-law got married and was invited to my sister Saurik's brother-in-law got married and was invited to my sister Saurik's family's house. family's house. family's house. And Aunty cooked many dishes for us And Aunty cooked many dishes for us And Aunty cooked many dishes for us .  Prasad is also busy .  Prasad is also busy .  Prasad is also busy .  They .  They .  They also cooked my favorite chicken biryani. also cooked my favorite chicken biryani. also cooked my favorite chicken biryani. The taste is very good.  I didn't expect Aunty to The taste is very good.  I didn't expect Aunty to The taste is very good.  I didn't expect Aunty to cook so well cook so well cook so well .  Then Saurik sir .  Then Saurik sir .  Then Saurik sir started to show respect.  Everything is started to show respect.  Everything is started to show respect.  Everything is nearby and being served.  We all nearby and being served.  We all nearby and being served.  We all sat down and finished lunch. sat down and finished lunch. We felt very happy that so many dishes were cooked for us in such a short time We felt very happy that so many dishes were cooked for us in such a short time We felt very happy that so many dishes were cooked for us in such a short time .  In the afternoon, Saurik sir .  In the afternoon, Saurik sir .  In the afternoon, Saurik sir took me shopping.  They took me shopping.  They even gave clothes to the newlyweds as a way to buy some for my sister.  They also even gave clothes to the newlyweds as a way to buy some for my sister.  They also even gave clothes to the newlyweds as a way to buy some for my sister.  They also felt very happy.  And so we felt very happy.  And so we also came across these three showrooms in Pendurthi. also came across these three showrooms in Pendurthi. also came across these three showrooms in Pendurthi. My brother-in-law told us to go shopping for the shoot we wanted, My brother-in-law told us to go shopping for the shoot we wanted, My brother-in-law told us to go shopping for the shoot we wanted, but they but they but they kept going back and forth, saying the floor was fine.  After the shopping was complete, we headed kept going back and forth, saying the floor was fine.  After the shopping was complete, we headed kept going back and forth, saying the floor was fine.  After the shopping was complete, we headed out.  Gaius filled out.  Gaius filled out.  Gaius filled half the car with those bags half the car with those bags half the car with those bags .  So that's all, .  So that's all, .  So that's all, subscribe and see you again, boy.