Friends, it's my birthday, and the name is written for Friends, it's my birthday, and the name is written for Friends, it's my birthday, and the name is written for Rakhi Didi, Dramabaaz Rakhi. Rakhi Didi, Dramabaaz Rakhi. Rakhi Didi, Dramabaaz Rakhi. Yes, actually I am everyone's favourite. Yes, actually I am everyone's favourite. Yes, actually I am everyone's favourite. And Payal Don, now I am excited about the And Payal Don, now I am excited about the And Payal Don, now I am excited about the gifts given by my subscribers gifts given by my subscribers gifts given by my subscribers which I have not opened yet. which I have not opened yet. which I have not opened yet. Soldiers, don't lose courage. Soldiers, don't lose courage. Soldiers, don't lose courage. [screaming sound] Hold your breath.  Finally [screaming sound] Hold your breath.  Finally [screaming sound] Hold your breath.  Finally friends, the rain stopped.  It was raining heavily continuously for two days. friends, the rain stopped.  It was raining heavily continuously for two days. friends, the rain stopped.  It was raining heavily continuously for two days. By the way, By the way, By the way, trespassing is still happening. trespassing is still happening. trespassing is still happening. Not trespassing. Not trespassing. Not trespassing. Light drizzle.  And you can see, Light drizzle.  And you can see, Light drizzle.  And you can see, friends, the flowers that are from my birthday. friends, the flowers that are from my birthday. friends, the flowers that are from my birthday. How cute she is.   It's How cute she is.   It's How cute she is.   It's exactly like this. exactly like this. exactly like this. Rotten. Rotten. Rotten. You can just call it a gift.  Hey, let's open the gift You can just call it a gift.  Hey, let's open the gift You can just call it a gift.  Hey, let's open the gift Anshu Bhai.  Friends, I have Anshu Bhai.  Friends, I have Anshu Bhai.  Friends, I have not opened my birthday gifts yet.   He not opened my birthday gifts yet.   He not opened my birthday gifts yet.   He made my birthday very nice.  I do made my birthday very nice.  I do made my birthday very nice.  I do n't know where did he get so much intelligence from n't know where did he get so much intelligence from n't know where did he get so much intelligence from ?  What did you eat?  What did you ?  What did you eat?  What did you ?  What did you eat?  What did you plan to eat to celebrate my birthday plan to eat to celebrate my birthday plan to eat to celebrate my birthday ? ? How many almonds did I have? How many almonds did I have? How many almonds did I have? By eating almonds one by one, my sister can By eating almonds one by one, my sister can By eating almonds one by one, my sister can become so intelligent that she can make my birthday so become so intelligent that she can make my birthday so become so intelligent that she can make my birthday so wonderful.  So think wonderful.  So think wonderful.  So think what will happen if you eat four almonds?  It will be made without intelligence.  It will what will happen if you eat four almonds?  It will be made without intelligence.  It will what will happen if you eat four almonds?  It will be made without intelligence.  It will burst.   I will burst.   I will burst.   I will finish it without it.  I do finish it without it.  I do finish it without it.  I do n't eat because I ate four almonds.  Guys, I n't eat because I ate four almonds.  Guys, I n't eat because I ate four almonds.  Guys, I also also also got a lot of gifts [music] from my lovely subscribers.  Which I have got a lot of gifts [music] from my lovely subscribers.  Which I have got a lot of gifts [music] from my lovely subscribers.  Which I have not seen.  I have seen what he gave me. not seen.  I have seen what he gave me. not seen.  I have seen what he gave me. And there are still some gifts that I have And there are still some gifts that I have And there are still some gifts that I have n't seen.  They are very big and very n't seen.  They are very big and very n't seen.  They are very big and very good.  I'm so excited to see them [in music]. good.  I'm so excited to see them [in music]. good.  I'm so excited to see them [in music]. Okay Okay Okay Anshu let's go.   I have a Anshu let's go.   I have a Anshu let's go.   I have a higher score than you. higher score than you. higher score than you. Look friends, Look friends, Look friends, my platoon is coming on the muddy road.  And what is this in their hands my platoon is coming on the muddy road.  And what is this in their hands my platoon is coming on the muddy road.  And what is this in their hands ? ? ? This is a gift. This is a gift. This is a gift. He could not give you a gift on your birthday.   Are.  He is He could not give you a gift on your birthday.   Are.  He is He could not give you a gift on your birthday.   Are.  He is bringing me birthday gifts. bringing me birthday gifts. bringing me birthday gifts. What's up friends?  Payal has a What's up friends?  Payal has a What's up friends?  Payal has a blue box in her hand and the silent girl has a blue box in her hand and the silent girl has a blue box in her hand and the silent girl has a red box in her hand. red box in her hand. red box in her hand. Dabba Dabba Chubba Dabba Dabba Chubba Dabba Dabba Chubba come come come come anyway today I am going to come come come come anyway today I am going to come come come come anyway today I am going to open my birthday gift I am feeling so open my birthday gift I am feeling so open my birthday gift I am feeling so happy as Anshu asked me what will you take, by the way happy as Anshu asked me what will you take, by the way why are you feeling so happy, I want to why are you feeling so happy, I want to why are you feeling so happy, I want to see it, if I see it, if I see it, if I like it then I will take it too like it then I will take it too like it then I will take it too Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Bhaiya Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Bhaiya Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Bhaiya Ram Ram Ram Ram Bhaiya Ram Ram Hey hey Bhaiya Ram Ram Hey hey Bhaiya Ram Ram Hey hey you show me what have you brought, I am you show me what have you brought, I am you show me what have you brought, I am not showing you the whole thing, not showing you the whole thing, not showing you the whole thing, why did you not give it to me on my birthday, I am why did you not give it to me on my birthday, I am giving it to you now, what gold did he giving it to you now, what gold did he giving it to you now, what gold did he not give it to me on my birthday, it remained not give it to me on my birthday, it remained not give it to me on my birthday, it remained my diamond only.  No, my diamond only.  No, my diamond only.  No, why didn't you give it to me on my birthday why didn't you give it to me on my birthday why didn't you give it to me on my birthday ? ? ? I had forgotten. I had forgotten. I had forgotten. Okay, take it.   She Okay, take it.   She Okay, take it.   She forgot to give me a birthday gift on my birthday. forgot to give me a birthday gift on my birthday. forgot to give me a birthday gift on my birthday. Hey friends, what's the matter?  They Hey friends, what's the matter?  They Hey friends, what's the matter?  They forget to give gifts on the birthday itself.  That means forget to give gifts on the birthday itself.  That means forget to give gifts on the birthday itself.  That means buy gifts only for the birthday and then buy gifts only for the birthday and then buy gifts only for the birthday and then forget to give them on the birthday itself.   I had forget to give them on the birthday itself.   I had forget to give them on the birthday itself.   I had forgotten home. forgotten home. forgotten home. Mine was left at home.  You also forgot. Mine was left at home.  You also forgot. Mine was left at home.  You also forgot. Friends, these are some gifts that my Friends, these are some gifts that my Friends, these are some gifts that my cute subscribers came to my house to give me. cute subscribers came to my house to give me. cute subscribers came to my house to give me. Even though I hadn't met him.  So Even though I hadn't met him.  So Even though I hadn't met him.  So I am very excited to open these.  I arrange all I am very excited to open these.  I arrange all my gifts on the table.  Come on my gifts on the table.  Come on my gifts on the table.  Come on friends, the light has gone off as I have friends, the light has gone off as I have friends, the light has gone off as I have kept these gifts and these are all my birthday kept these gifts and these are all my birthday kept these gifts and these are all my birthday gifts which I got on my birthday, I gifts which I got on my birthday, I gifts which I got on my birthday, I mean not all of them, some gifts were mean not all of them, some gifts were mean not all of them, some gifts were finished after the birthday itself, I mean they were meant for eating and finished after the birthday itself, I mean they were meant for eating and finished after the birthday itself, I mean they were meant for eating and drinking, so drinking, so drinking, so whose gift should I open first, whose gift should I open first, whose gift should I open first, my brother, your friend, this is a complete Lego my brother, your friend, this is a complete Lego my brother, your friend, this is a complete Lego box, by the time I open this my next box, by the time I open this my next box, by the time I open this my next birthday will come [laughs] birthday will come [laughs] birthday will come [laughs] Bhaiya, I will be 26 years old Bhaiya, I will be 26 years old Bhaiya, I will be 26 years old don't tell me my age, okay, do don't tell me my age, okay, do don't tell me my age, okay, do n't show off your status by telling my age, I am n't show off your status by telling my age, I am n't show off your status by telling my age, I am 5 years old, I am just 5 years old, I am just 5 years old, I am just six years old, yes, then tell me whose gift should I six years old, yes, then tell me whose gift should I six years old, yes, then tell me whose gift should I open first?  Look, I haven't seen these two open first?  Look, I haven't seen these two open first?  Look, I haven't seen these two yet.  So Silent Girl's or this one?   Of the yet.  So Silent Girl's or this one?   Of the yet.  So Silent Girl's or this one?   Of the silent girl.  Hey, open this one first and silent girl.  Hey, open this one first and silent girl.  Hey, open this one first and get it voted. get it voted. get it voted. Its its its its its its its Its its its its its its its [laughs] because I always walk backwards. [laughs] because I always walk backwards. [laughs] because I always walk backwards. Come brother, this Fortuner was given by aunty. Come brother, this Fortuner was given by aunty. Come brother, this Fortuner was given by aunty. Yes, I Yes, I Yes, I made this lid and brought it. made this lid and brought it. made this lid and brought it. Wow, there are so many gifts in this. Wow, there are so many gifts in this. Wow, there are so many gifts in this. Anchor angel come on. Anchor angel come on. Anchor angel come on. Come what is happening, sit there, there the Come what is happening, sit there, there the Come what is happening, sit there, there the lady has come here, lady has come here, lady has come here, a lot of work is going on in the pandal, a lot of work is going on in the pandal, a lot of work is going on in the pandal, sit in the paltan, I have brought a dholak to play, sit in the paltan, I have brought a dholak to play, sit in the paltan, I have brought a dholak to play, hey, I saw some gifts in it, hey, I saw some gifts in it, hey, I saw some gifts in it, hey there is a light also, I saw the face of a lizard in it, go ahead, hey there is a light also, I saw the face of a lizard in it, go ahead, friends, our Payal Don has friends, our Payal Don has friends, our Payal Don has made a very aesthetic gift for me, so I am made a very aesthetic gift for me, so I am made a very aesthetic gift for me, so I am very excited to leave it, she has very excited to leave it, she has very excited to leave it, she has learnt from me to make it aesthetic, this learnt from me to make it aesthetic, this learnt from me to make it aesthetic, this bad habit of taking credit everywhere, bad habit of taking credit everywhere, bad habit of taking credit everywhere, my dream car will expose this box my dream car will expose this box my dream car will expose this box and and and oh hey hey hey hey oh hey hey hey hey oh hey hey hey hey friends, this is Payal. friends, this is Payal. friends, this is Payal. Wow, Wow, Wow, this is an owl, this is Amit Bhaiya. this is an owl, this is Amit Bhaiya. this is an owl, this is Amit Bhaiya. Same Amit Bhaiya, Same Amit Bhaiya, Same Amit Bhaiya, this is Payal.  Payal is the real owl.  Oh this is Payal.  Payal is the real owl.  Oh this is Payal.  Payal is the real owl.  Oh friend, I have received a lot of these gifts friend, I have received a lot of these gifts friend, I have received a lot of these gifts this time.  I had a lot of fun friends.  I have got a this time.  I had a lot of fun friends.  I have got a this time.  I had a lot of fun friends.  I have got a lot of these metallic toys. lot of these metallic toys. lot of these metallic toys. She has brought me the bike.  Brother, can I She has brought me the bike.  Brother, can I She has brought me the bike.  Brother, can I tell you something interesting? tell you something interesting? tell you something interesting? I did not tell all this. I did not tell all this. I did not tell all this. He doesn't develop these habits like government employees, friend.  Have you made a He doesn't develop these habits like government employees, friend.  Have you made a hand pump to take credit for everything or have our government hand pump to take credit for everything or have our government hand pump to take credit for everything or have our government made two of them?  Seeing this, that meme came to my mind. made two of them?  Seeing this, that meme came to my mind. made two of them?  Seeing this, that meme came to my mind. Many leaders come to give bananas to a patient.  They Many leaders come to give bananas to a patient.  They Many leaders come to give bananas to a patient.  They give a banana and everyone touches it like this. give a banana and everyone touches it like this. Oh, it's gone.   The Oh, it's gone.   The light is on in it.  Hey, it also opens from the front, light is on in it.  Hey, it also opens from the front, light is on in it.  Hey, it also opens from the front, look like this. look like this. look like this. How?   From How?   From How?   From here. here. here. Hey, it opens brother.  Look at this.   Is it Hey, it opens brother.  Look at this.   Is it Hey, it opens brother.  Look at this.   Is it open?  Thank you so much Payal Don open?  Thank you so much Payal Don open?  Thank you so much Payal Don for such a nice bike.  I will for such a nice bike.  I will for such a nice bike.  I will always take care of this Payal Don.  I have got this statue of Payal Don. always take care of this Payal Don.  I have got this statue of Payal Don. Oh, take the Oh, take the Oh, take the don thing, it don thing, it don thing, it really hits you, this is a punch, really hits you, this is a punch, really hits you, this is a punch, this is a punch, friends, let me show you how to hit it, it is this is a punch, friends, let me show you how to hit it, it is this is a punch, friends, let me show you how to hit it, it is in his nose, friends, this is my sister, this one in his nose, friends, this is my sister, this one in his nose, friends, this is my sister, this one is green and this one is sitting blue today is green and this one is sitting blue today is green and this one is sitting blue today [laughs] she ate the lizard, yuck, what else is there in it, it got ate the lizard, yuck, what else is there in it, it got ate the lizard, yuck, what else is there in it, it got scratched and this one scratched and this one scratched and this one is a panda, sweet little panda, hey, what is this, is a panda, sweet little panda, hey, what is this, is a panda, sweet little panda, hey, what is this, this empty Pringles can? this empty Pringles can? this empty Pringles can? Brother, I had eaten it. Brother, I had eaten it. Brother, I had eaten it. [laughs] You couldn't wait for two days, did you? [laughs] You couldn't wait for two days, did you? [laughs] You couldn't wait for two days, did you? So after two days you are going to give me a gift. So after two days you are going to give me a gift. So after two days you are going to give me a gift. Friends, I couldn't wait for two days.   She Friends, I couldn't wait for two days.   She Friends, I couldn't wait for two days.   She ate the spring and that too, she ate the spring and that too, she ate the spring and that too, she brought such small ones and you ate them too. brought such small ones and you ate them too. brought such small ones and you ate them too. [laughs] Ever since [laughs] Ever since [laughs] Ever since I saw that box, I've been saying I'm going to I saw that box, I've been saying I'm going to I saw that box, I've been saying I'm going to open it and eat it as soon as possible. open it and eat it as soon as possible. open it and eat it as soon as possible. I was thinking the same. I was thinking the same. I was thinking the same. Friends, what is this? Friends, what is this? Friends, what is this? Panda. Panda. Panda. Panda.  This is an eraser.  I don't do this work with pencil. Panda.  This is an eraser.  I don't do this work with pencil. This is an eraser. This is an eraser. This is an eraser. Yes, this is an eraser.  Diet Coke is very much Yes, this is an eraser.  Diet Coke is very much Yes, this is an eraser.  Diet Coke is very much in trend.  I will drink it after cooling it.  Alcohol.   I will in trend.  I will drink it after cooling it.  Alcohol.   I will in trend.  I will drink it after cooling it.  Alcohol.   I will quietly keep it behind.  Otherwise its destiny is quietly keep it behind.  Otherwise its destiny is quietly keep it behind.  Otherwise its destiny is fixed [music] on this. fixed [music] on this. fixed [music] on this. By the way, I had brought two.  I drank one. By the way, I had brought two.  I drank one. By the way, I had brought two.  I drank one. So why have you brought me a gift? So why have you brought me a gift? So why have you brought me a gift? Brother [laughs] Brother [laughs] Brother [laughs] what should I do then?   She is what should I do then?   She is what should I do then?   She is so hot, so hungry. so hot, so hungry. so hot, so hungry. Whatever food and drink she brought for me, she ate it herself. Whatever food and drink she brought for me, she ate it herself. Whatever food and drink she brought for me, she ate it herself. Brother, its last gift is in front of me.  It's ahead of you. Brother, its last gift is in front of me.  It's ahead of you. Wow friends, Payal has brought Don for me. Wow friends, Payal has brought Don for me. Wow friends, Payal has brought Don for me. Glasses with cataracts.   I'm Glasses with cataracts.   I'm Glasses with cataracts.   I'm liking it.  I'm liking it. liking it.  I'm liking it. liking it.  I'm liking it. I am absolutely shaking Vijay Deverakonda.  Only I am absolutely shaking Vijay Deverakonda.  Only I am absolutely shaking Vijay Deverakonda.  Only Rasmika will not be available. Rasmika will not be available. Rasmika will not be available. What? What? What? Only Rasmika will not be available.  You will get more beautiful than that.   In Only Rasmika will not be available.  You will get more beautiful than that.   In Only Rasmika will not be available.  You will get more beautiful than that.   In this way, I make myself happy by making my friends happy. this way, I make myself happy by making my friends happy. this way, I make myself happy by making my friends happy. And friends, lastly these are And friends, lastly these are And friends, lastly these are cute stickers.  Thank you so much cute stickers.  Thank you so much cute stickers.  Thank you so much Payal Don. Payal Don. Payal Don. Those which have no use. Those which have no use. Those which have no use. Those who are ok. Those who are ok. Those who are ok. No use brother, I will put it on my diary. No use brother, I will put it on my diary. No use brother, I will put it on my diary. And what is this crazy thing?   I will put it on the And what is this crazy thing?   I will put it on the And what is this crazy thing?   I will put it on the phone.  I will install it on the laptop. phone.  I will install it on the laptop. phone.  I will install it on the laptop. Brother. Brother. Brother. Yes. Yes. Yes. This is Payal.  No more.  [laughter] Here you go. This is Payal.  No more.  [laughter] Here you go. This is Payal.  No more.  [laughter] Here you go. Keep it aside.  It would have been better if you had given it on my birthday. Keep it aside.  It would have been better if you had given it on my birthday. Keep it aside.  It would have been better if you had given it on my birthday. Silent girl, Silent girl, Silent girl, show me your gifts.  What have you brought? show me your gifts.  What have you brought? show me your gifts.  What have you brought? Friends, it seems this is a box of sweets.   It Friends, it seems this is a box of sweets.   It Friends, it seems this is a box of sweets.   It is red.  The entire box is red.   I is red.  The entire box is red.   I is red.  The entire box is red.   I brought watermelon in it. brought watermelon in it. brought watermelon in it. Tear it apart brother.  Tear it. Tear it apart brother.  Tear it. Tear it apart brother.  Tear it. Why are you tearing up?   That Why are you tearing up?   That Why are you tearing up?   That 's right friends.  I will 's right friends.  I will 's right friends.  I will unbox mine myself.  Oh oh hey stop. unbox mine myself.  Oh oh hey stop. unbox mine myself.  Oh oh hey stop. Brother, let me open up too. Brother, let me open up too. Brother, let me open up too. Friends, I am really excited to open the gifts.   Isn't it Friends, I am really excited to open the gifts.   Isn't it Friends, I am really excited to open the gifts.   Isn't it ? ? ? Hot Wheels box.  [screaming] There are Hot Wheels box.  [screaming] There are Hot Wheels box.  [screaming] There are two Hot Wheels and what are the rest of them two Hot Wheels and what are the rest of them two Hot Wheels and what are the rest of them ?   There are ?   There are ?   There are not two.  There will be more.  Where did you not two.  There will be more.  Where did you not two.  There will be more.  Where did you open the box and see it?  The box is torn. open the box and see it?  The box is torn. open the box and see it?  The box is torn. She has already torn the box.  Hey She has already torn the box.  Hey She has already torn the box.  Hey friends, she has brought the material to build a bridge.   I will friends, she has brought the material to build a bridge.   I will friends, she has brought the material to build a bridge.   I will build such a flyover which will not get washed away in a single water. build such a flyover which will not get washed away in a single water. build such a flyover which will not get washed away in a single water. We will build such a flyover that it will cut straight from here to We will build such a flyover that it will cut straight from here to We will build such a flyover that it will cut straight from here to Bhabhi. Bhabhi. Bhabhi. Thank you silent Anamika.  Thank you so much Thank you silent Anamika.  Thank you so much Thank you silent Anamika.  Thank you so much for giving this gift.  Now friends, for giving this gift.  Now friends, for giving this gift.  Now friends, I will play full bridge at home.  So now we I will play full bridge at home.  So now we I will play full bridge at home.  So now we will unbox the Rakhi gift which you all have will unbox the Rakhi gift which you all have will unbox the Rakhi gift which you all have already seen.  So let me quickly already seen.  So let me quickly already seen.  So let me quickly show you what all he gave me.  So show you what all he gave me.  So show you what all he gave me.  So friends, this is what it gave me. friends, this is what it gave me. friends, this is what it gave me. This is brother's face.  This is brother's. This is brother's face.  This is brother's. This is brother's face.  This is brother's. Correct.  It's your face.  The biggest Correct.  It's your face.  The biggest Correct.  It's your face.  The biggest gift that Rakhi has given me is this gift that Rakhi has given me is this gift that Rakhi has given me is this Meta AI, it looks Meta AI, it looks Meta AI, it looks so strong brother.  Meaning, so strong brother.  Meaning, so strong brother.  Meaning, my heart became a garden.  I was my heart became a garden.  I was my heart became a garden.  I was thinking of buying these and he bought them for me. thinking of buying these and he bought them for me. I take it like this. I take it like this. I take it like this. This is pretty cool, friends.  Very much. This is pretty cool, friends.  Very much. This is pretty cool, friends.  Very much. See the photo from here with one click, See the photo from here with one click, See the photo from here with one click, all your photos have been clicked and are directly all your photos have been clicked and are directly all your photos have been clicked and are directly imported into my phone. imported into my phone. imported into my phone. All of you are fine.  Yes [laughs] All of you are fine.  Yes [laughs] All of you are fine.  Yes [laughs] take my picture, take my picture, take my picture, shut up, a shut up, a shut up, a photo of an animal has been added to my phone photo of an animal has been added to my phone photo of an animal has been added to my phone and it has very good speakers which produce and it has very good speakers which produce and it has very good speakers which produce very good sound and the rest of the very good sound and the rest of the very good sound and the rest of the friends, these are amazing and I will friends, these are amazing and I will friends, these are amazing and I will say to it, hey son, say to it, hey son, say to it, hey son, hey Meta, prove that my sister is a human being, hey Meta, prove that my sister is a human being, hey Meta, prove that my sister is a human being, Meta is saying that this is unacceptable Meta is saying that this is unacceptable Meta is saying that this is unacceptable he has said this thing to you, okay, he has said this thing to you, okay, he has said this thing to you, okay, any unusual habits, mind, it is true, Meta is saying that any unusual habits, mind, it is true, Meta is saying that any unusual habits, mind, it is true, Meta is saying that your sister has so many unusual your sister has so many unusual your sister has so many unusual habits.  So she can't be proven as a human being. habits.  So she can't be proven as a human being. habits.  So she can't be proven as a human being. Ok?  Now let's keep it.  And the Ok?  Now let's keep it.  And the Ok?  Now let's keep it.  And the second most dangerous gift that second most dangerous gift that second most dangerous gift that he has given me is he has given me is he has given me is yes, how is this watch?  G Shock yes, how is this watch?  G Shock yes, how is this watch?  G Shock G Shock and I forgot the name of it the whole man. G Shock and I forgot the name of it the whole man. G Shock and I forgot the name of it the whole man. What was it? What was it? What was it? G Shock G Shock G Shock GD 200 I know it has Bluetooth.  It GD 200 I know it has Bluetooth.  It GD 200 I know it has Bluetooth.  It connects to my phone.  Whatever connects to my phone.  Whatever connects to my phone.  Whatever notifications or calls come, all the notifications or calls come, all the notifications or calls come, all the notifications appear on top. notifications appear on top. notifications appear on top. Brother, I know it. Brother, I know it. Brother, I know it. This is a very strong watch.  Very sturdy, [music] This is a very strong watch.  Very sturdy, [music] This is a very strong watch.  Very sturdy, [music] I'll wear this right now.  And the third I'll wear this right now.  And the third I'll wear this right now.  And the third gift that I found more dangerous is this.  Oh wow!   The gift that I found more dangerous is this.  Oh wow!   The gift that I found more dangerous is this.  Oh wow!   The angel knows a lot. angel knows a lot. angel knows a lot. These are New Balance shoes which I These are New Balance shoes which I These are New Balance shoes which I wanted to buy but friends, I do wanted to buy but friends, I do wanted to buy but friends, I do n't buy them after looking at the price.  I have a n't buy them after looking at the price.  I have a n't buy them after looking at the price.  I have a very bad habit.  I can't buy things for myself. very bad habit.  I can't buy things for myself. Not for me.  [sound of clearing throat] Not for me.  [sound of clearing throat] Not for me.  [sound of clearing throat] I'll buy it for you guys.  Ok I'll buy it for you guys.  Ok I'll buy it for you guys.  Ok ?  I can buy any expensive thing for them. ?  I can buy any expensive thing for them. ?  I can buy any expensive thing for them. But for myself, I But for myself, I But for myself, I think a thousand times before buying anything.  A thousand think a thousand times before buying anything.  A thousand think a thousand times before buying anything.  A thousand times. times. times. That's why I get it for brother without thinking even once. That's why I get it for brother without thinking even once. Yes, take these also. Yes, take these also. Yes, take these also. I have a lot of heart. I have a lot of heart. I have a lot of heart. Ok.  Your garland will be made from these.  If Ok.  Your garland will be made from these.  If Ok.  Your garland will be made from these.  If you score less marks this time, then you score less marks this time, then you score less marks this time, then this time he will bring Harwari.   It was this time he will bring Harwari.   It was this time he will bring Harwari.   It was sad and it hit a nerve.   There will be sad and it hit a nerve.   There will be sad and it hit a nerve.   There will be no discussion about this and he no discussion about this and he no discussion about this and he gave me his toothbrush. gave me his toothbrush. gave me his toothbrush. This is brother's toothpaste, sugarcane brush. This is brother's toothpaste, sugarcane brush. This is brother's toothpaste, sugarcane brush. This is very useful for brother in the morning. This is very useful for brother in the morning. This is very useful for brother in the morning. This is to clean your mouth.  What else did This is to clean your mouth.  What else did This is to clean your mouth.  What else did you give me?  What else? you give me?  What else? you give me?  What else? I gave this many monsters. I gave this many monsters. I gave this many monsters. He had given a lot of monsters in it. He had given a lot of monsters in it. He had given a lot of monsters in it. Many of which friends drank.  He drank it.   He Many of which friends drank.  He drank it.   He Many of which friends drank.  He drank it.   He finished it all. finished it all. finished it all. And in this life I have And in this life I have And in this life I have not drunk a single monster.  He not drunk a single monster.  He not drunk a single monster.  He drank the whole monster. drank the whole monster. drank the whole monster. Now I will take this also. Now I will take this also. Now I will take this also. Yes, take this also.  very nice. Yes, take this also.  very nice. Yes, take this also.  very nice. I also gave you life. I also gave you life. I also gave you life. You take this and I will bring whatever You take this and I will bring whatever You take this and I will bring whatever you are going to bring. you are going to bring. you are going to bring. What should I bring? What should I bring? What should I bring? What are you going to bring?  [laughter] What are you going to bring?  [laughter] What are you going to bring?  [laughter] Friends, our fine fellow is about to give us a very Friends, our fine fellow is about to give us a very Friends, our fine fellow is about to give us a very big surprise.  I will bring your big surprise.  I will bring your big surprise.  I will bring your surprise.  Ok?   No. No. surprise.  Ok?   No. No. surprise.  Ok?   No. No. Yes. Yes. Yes. No, take it now. No, take it now. No, take it now. Hey, no problem, take it away, take it away. Hey, no problem, take it away, take it away. Hey, no problem, take it away, take it away. Brother keep Brother keep Brother keep it.  Keep it.  Keep it.  Keep it. it.  Keep it.  Keep it.  Keep it. it.  Keep it.  Keep it.  Keep it. What is it? What is it? What is it? That will be known.  That is a That will be known.  That is a That will be known.  That is a big surprise for everyone.  Ok big surprise for everyone.  Ok big surprise for everyone.  Ok ? ? ? You will know in a week or two. You will know in a week or two. This is going to give a big surprise in a week or two.   I did This is going to give a big surprise in a week or two.   I did This is going to give a big surprise in a week or two.   I did this too, sister. this too, sister. this too, sister. Yes.  And he has given a silver chain to his friends. Yes.  And he has given a silver chain to his friends. Yes.  And he has given a silver chain to his friends. He has given me a total of 25 gifts. He has given me a total of 25 gifts. He has given me a total of 25 gifts. And I could not give even 25 gifts. And I could not give even 25 gifts. And I could not give even 25 gifts. That's why I will give it to him right now. That's why I will give it to him right now. That's why I will give it to him right now. Bring it. Bring it. Bring it. Why?  And look below this, here it is. Why?  And look below this, here it is. Why?  And look below this, here it is. Where did it go? Where did it go? Where did it go? Hey darling, here it is. Hey darling, here it is. What is in it? What is in it? What is in it? Evil came into it. Evil came into it. Evil came into it. As if you are under evil eye.  This is for the thing that most often affects your channel.   Thank As if you are under evil eye.  This is for the thing that most often affects your channel.   Thank you.  I wore it around my neck.  No, I will you.  I wore it around my neck.  No, I will you.  I wore it around my neck.  No, I will make you wear it on your ear. make you wear it on your ear. make you wear it on your ear. Ok. Ok. Ok. So friends, my sister has given me an evil eye. So friends, my sister has given me an evil eye. So friends, my sister has given me an evil eye. So that I am not affected by evil eye.  Thank So that I am not affected by evil eye.  Thank So that I am not affected by evil eye.  Thank you so much. you so much. you so much. I will wear this.  I need it, I need it. I will wear this.  I need it, I need it. I will wear this.  I need it, I need it. And if she wears such big earrings, and And if she wears such big earrings, and friends, he gave me this car. friends, he gave me this car. friends, he gave me this car. And I brought it for my own benefit And I brought it for my own benefit And I brought it for my own benefit because I like it very much. because I like it very much. because I like it very much. Okay, and let me keep this coffee dead off here. Okay, and let me keep this coffee dead off here. And And And how much did this Jaguar perfume cost? how much did this Jaguar perfume cost? how much did this Jaguar perfume cost? Tell me this correctly. Tell me this correctly. Tell me this correctly. He had come.  I don't know how much it cost.  This He had come.  I don't know how much it cost.  This He had come.  I don't know how much it cost.  This wallet. wallet. wallet. Yes, he gave me this wallet.  Thank you.   What Yes, he gave me this wallet.  Thank you.   What Yes, he gave me this wallet.  Thank you.   What else was there? else was there? else was there? And friends, he had given me these socks to paint. And friends, he had given me these socks to paint. And friends, he had given me these socks to paint. Yes, this biscuit was with me and my brother for a long time. Yes, this biscuit was with me and my brother for a long time. Demand. Demand. Demand. Yes.   He gave Yes.   He gave Yes.   He gave me these socks.  What else was there? me these socks.  What else was there? me these socks.  What else was there? I gave you a time machine.  [laughs] I gave you a time machine.  [laughs] I gave you a time machine.  [laughs] With this, I will travel to my future friends With this, I will travel to my future friends With this, I will travel to my future friends and tell them that this is what and tell them that this is what and tell them that this is what my brother looks like at night. my brother looks like at night. my brother looks like at night. This is you. This is you. This is you. And And And I also gave you these books and copies for your studies.  He has also given me a copy and pen, I also gave you these books and copies for your studies.  He has also given me a copy and pen, I also gave you these books and copies for your studies.  He has also given me a copy and pen, friends, friends, friends, I had actually brought this diary for myself I had actually brought this diary for myself I had actually brought this diary for myself and wearing this and wearing this and wearing this our Tony Bhaiya got upset, our Tony Bhaiya got upset, our Tony Bhaiya got upset, Iron Man Iron Man Iron Man and friends he has also given me two shirts which and friends he has also given me two shirts which and friends he has also given me two shirts which I wore so many times and made them fragrant, I wore so many times and made them fragrant, I wore so many times and made them fragrant, show it to me too, show it to me too, show it to me too, yes and friends he had given me this dinosaur, yes and friends he had given me this dinosaur, yes and friends he had given me this dinosaur, yes because it is exactly like Bhaiya, look, he gave me a yes because it is exactly like Bhaiya, look, he gave me a yes because it is exactly like Bhaiya, look, he gave me a phone cover, phone cover, phone cover, friends he gave me a phone cover worth Rs friends he gave me a phone cover worth Rs friends he gave me a phone cover worth Rs which I will not wear at all because which I will not wear at all because which I will not wear at all because these covers stick to the pocket.   I hit him, this is these covers stick to the pocket.   I hit him, this is these covers stick to the pocket.   I hit him, this is not original, not original, not original, this is original, I have brought it for 2 lakhs and the this is original, I have brought it for 2 lakhs and the this is original, I have brought it for 2 lakhs and the rest of the gifts were finished hand to hand, rest of the gifts were finished hand to hand, like cake, Woke and Coke, like cake, Woke and Coke, like cake, Woke and Coke, oh cake [laughs] cake oh cake [laughs] cake oh cake [laughs] cake and what is its shape, if it was and what is its shape, if it was and what is its shape, if it was not a cake then not a cake then not a cake then I had kept the cake, the cake was from I had kept the cake, the cake was from I had kept the cake, the cake was from all of us, it was not from his side, all of us, it was not from his side, all of us, it was not from his side, oh cake, oh cake, oh cake, you take credit for everyone, brother, you are becoming the government, you take credit for everyone, brother, you are becoming the government, you take credit for everyone, brother, you are becoming the government, friends, Tony Bhaiya aka friends, Tony Bhaiya aka friends, Tony Bhaiya aka Iron Man and this Mercedes AMG was Iron Man and this Mercedes AMG was Iron Man and this Mercedes AMG was given to me by my best friend, Sumit Bhai, who is given to me by my best friend, Sumit Bhai, who is given to me by my best friend, Sumit Bhai, who is also my manager.  And yes, now I am also my manager.  And yes, now I am also my manager.  And yes, now I am excited about the gifts given by my subscribers excited about the gifts given by my subscribers excited about the gifts given by my subscribers which I have which I have which I have not opened yet.  So let's see not opened yet.  So let's see not opened yet.  So let's see this, friends, it's my birthday and its this, friends, it's my birthday and its this, friends, it's my birthday and its name is written for Rakhi Didi, Dramabaaz name is written for Rakhi Didi, Dramabaaz name is written for Rakhi Didi, Dramabaaz Rakhi, Rakhi, Rakhi, actually I am everyone's favourite, oh will there actually I am everyone's favourite, oh will there actually I am everyone's favourite, oh will there definitely be a frame in it, definitely be a frame in it, definitely be a frame in it, Rakhi Rakhi Rakhi frame frame frame frame frame frame frame frame frame photo frame, photo frame, photo frame, yes it yes it yes it seems like it will turn on the light, yes yes let me try seems like it will turn on the light, yes yes let me try seems like it will turn on the light, yes yes let me try lighting lighting lighting it, it, it, oh it does burn, my oh it does burn, my oh it does burn, my photo is appearing in it. photo is appearing in it. photo is appearing in it. Friends, its photo is looking dirty in this. Friends, its photo is looking dirty in this. Friends, its photo is looking dirty in this. I thought, friend, it will burn while charging. I thought, friend, it will burn while charging. Yes. Yes. Yes. This is actually mine, that's why I This is actually mine, that's why I This is actually mine, that's why I shine everywhere, that's why it is shining even without life. shine everywhere, that's why it is shining even without life. shine everywhere, that's why it is shining even without life. And And And yes, great fun. yes, great fun. yes, great fun. I called you a fetter.  [laughter] I called you a fetter.  [laughter] I called you a fetter.  [laughter] And let's open this gift.  Hey And let's open this gift.  Hey And let's open this gift.  Hey brother, my name is written on this.  And Payal brother, my name is written on this.  And Payal brother, my name is written on this.  And Payal Don Payal stop stop.  Hey stop. Don Payal stop stop.  Hey stop. Don Payal stop stop.  Hey stop. Friends, some subscriber has Friends, some subscriber has Friends, some subscriber has given a gift in the name of all of us.  And Shivanshu Bhaiya, my given a gift in the name of all of us.  And Shivanshu Bhaiya, my given a gift in the name of all of us.  And Shivanshu Bhaiya, my point turned out to be funny, we will see it later. point turned out to be funny, we will see it later. point turned out to be funny, we will see it later. The Romer Amit Group Yo Romer Amit The Romer Amit Group Yo Romer Amit The Romer Amit Group Yo Romer Amit Group First friends let me see my gift Group First friends let me see my gift Group First friends let me see my gift what is in it?   Are you coming? Brother, it looks strong to me.  Which car Brother, it looks strong to me.  Which car Brother, it looks strong to me.  Which car is it? is it? is it? Look at it.  I have told everyone Look at it.  I have told everyone Look at it.  I have told everyone that that brother wants such a gift, that is why everyone has that that brother wants such a gift, that is why everyone has that that brother wants such a gift, that is why everyone has given such a gift. given such a gift. given such a gift. Friends, I have enough metallic cars.  It was Friends, I have enough metallic cars.  It was Friends, I have enough metallic cars.  It was fun. fun. fun. Say thank you to the person from whom you learnt this as soon as possible. Say thank you to the person from whom you learnt this as soon as possible. Thank you so much brother for giving me such a lovely Thank you so much brother for giving me such a lovely Thank you so much brother for giving me such a lovely gift.  Look friends, what a gift.  Look friends, what a gift.  Look friends, what a beautiful car it looks like.  What a beautiful beautiful car it looks like.  What a beautiful beautiful car it looks like.  What a beautiful toy.  Hey, how big is it?  Hey, this toy.  Hey, how big is it?  Hey, this toy.  Hey, how big is it?  Hey, this frame also comes out.  Wow friends, she frame also comes out.  Wow friends, she frame also comes out.  Wow friends, she looks so beautiful.  What a beautiful looks so beautiful.  What a beautiful looks so beautiful.  What a beautiful toy. toy. toy. Brother, this looks really nice. Brother, this looks really nice. Brother, this looks really nice. Its gate was opened. Its gate was opened. Its gate was opened. Open the next one also.  Bonnet Open the next one also.  Bonnet Open the next one also.  Bonnet bonnet sounds from inside? sounds from inside? sounds from inside? Yes and the Yes and the Yes and the light came on, light, look quickly, quickly, light came on, light, look quickly, quickly, light came on, light, look quickly, quickly, hey oh oh, hey oh oh, hey oh oh, this will work, this will work, this will work, friends, you have given me a really fun toy, thank friends, you have given me a really fun toy, thank friends, you have given me a really fun toy, thank you so much brother, whoever has given me this toy, you so much brother, whoever has given me this toy, why are you breaking it, hey, I am why are you breaking it, hey, I am why are you breaking it, hey, I am taking out its frame, I will taking out its frame, I will taking out its frame, I will take out its vehicle, take out its vehicle, take out its vehicle, yes yes yes stop, stop, stop, friends, one of my subscribers has friends, one of my subscribers has friends, one of my subscribers has also given me this gun.  Why are you scared also given me this gun.  Why are you scared also given me this gun.  Why are you scared ?  Look, ?  Look, ?  Look, one of these also comes out, this is an one of these also comes out, this is an one of these also comes out, this is an automatic pistol, yes this is Shivanshu's automatic pistol, yes this is Shivanshu's automatic pistol, yes this is Shivanshu's gift, Shivanshu ji's gift, Shivanshu ji's gift, Shivanshu ji's perfume, perfume, perfume, friends, someone has given a perfume to our decent guy friends, someone has given a perfume to our decent guy friends, someone has given a perfume to our decent guy on my birthday, it smells on my birthday, it smells on my birthday, it smells very bad, does it smell bad very bad, does it smell bad very bad, does it smell bad because you sit next to me, right, no because you sit next to me, right, no because you sit next to me, right, no Bhaiya, they know that Shanshu Bhaiya smells very bad, Bhaiya, they know that Shanshu Bhaiya smells very bad, Bhaiya, they know that Shanshu Bhaiya smells very bad, F also smells bad, that's why they have F also smells bad, that's why they have F also smells bad, that's why they have given it to him, given it to him, given it to him, okay, so okay, so okay, so maybe Prasad, you also sit next to it. maybe Prasad, you also sit next to it. She is also sitting next to me. She is also sitting next to me. She is also sitting next to me. Your work is done perfume ahead then.   Isn't it Your work is done perfume ahead then.   Isn't it Your work is done perfume ahead then.   Isn't it ?  [screaming sound] Because friends, our pile don't take bath. Because friends, our pile don't take bath. Yes, I have come after taking bath.  Ok.  I take a bath daily. Yes, I have come after taking bath.  Ok.  I take a bath daily. Yes, I have come after taking bath.  Ok.  I take a bath daily. Ask Amit Bhaiya if she will not take bath. Ask Amit Bhaiya if she will not take bath. Ask Amit Bhaiya if she will not take bath. I take a bath first. I take a bath first. I take a bath first. Yes, I swear to God. Yes, I swear to God. Yes, I swear to God. I took a bath first. I took a bath first. I took a bath first. Now he will say that I have taken bath yesterday. Now he will say that I have taken bath yesterday. Now he will say that I have taken bath yesterday. Yes, I am sitting after taking bath yesterday.  This Yes, I am sitting after taking bath yesterday.  This Yes, I am sitting after taking bath yesterday.  This is the next gift.  Payal Don.   I is the next gift.  Payal Don.   I is the next gift.  Payal Don.   I will open it. The photo will be the same in this also.   There The photo will be the same in this also.   There The photo will be the same in this also.   There is a photo frame in this also. is a photo frame in this also. is a photo frame in this also. Bhaiya, Bhaiya, Bhaiya, this will be the dirtiest photo of Payal.  Hey this will be the dirtiest photo of Payal.  Hey this will be the dirtiest photo of Payal.  Hey what, hey wow, what, hey wow, this doesn't work straight away. this doesn't work straight away. this doesn't work straight away. I told you that only what shines shines. I told you that only what shines shines. I told you that only what shines shines. But there are two photos of Payal in it.   These are But there are two photos of Payal in it.   These are photos of Jodhpur and Jaisalmer. photos of Jodhpur and Jaisalmer. photos of Jodhpur and Jaisalmer. Yes, there are two more. Yes, there are two more. Yes, there are two more. I am bringing it to burn. I am bringing it to burn. I am bringing it to burn. See you later, I will open more gifts. See you later, I will open more gifts. See you later, I will open more gifts. It has those play buttons. It has those play buttons. It has those play buttons. Play button Play button Play button play button play button play button Hrithik.  Well, this is that one, friends. Hrithik.  Well, this is that one, friends. Hrithik.  Well, this is that one, friends. Friends, this is my subscriber Friends, this is my subscriber Friends, this is my subscriber who had a heart operation and he who had a heart operation and he who had a heart operation and he lives near my village.  This is a lives near my village.  This is a lives near my village.  This is a congratulations of Rs 10 million which he gave me on congratulations of Rs 10 million which he gave me on congratulations of Rs 10 million which he gave me on my birthday.  These my birthday.  These my birthday.  These friends for Romer Amit Group friends for Romer Amit Group friends for Romer Amit Group oh how good I am looking.  I oh how good I am looking.  I oh how good I am looking.  I look so good. look so good. look so good. Everyone looks beautiful.   The Everyone looks beautiful.   The Everyone looks beautiful.   The most beautiful thing in this is the green grass. most beautiful thing in this is the green grass. most beautiful thing in this is the green grass. So friends, keep looking at their light white. So friends, keep looking at their light white. So friends, keep looking at their light white. Now let's look at the next gifts.   Is there Now let's look at the next gifts.   Is there Now let's look at the next gifts.   Is there anything left?  Hey, this was also given to me by my cute anything left?  Hey, this was also given to me by my cute anything left?  Hey, this was also given to me by my cute subscriber brother.  This handkerchief is for this one subscriber brother.  This handkerchief is for this one subscriber brother.  This handkerchief is for this one , for this one and , for this one and , for this one and for this one, these three are Fefi.  All for this one, these three are Fefi.  All for this one, these three are Fefi.  All three of them keep having noses [laughs]. three of them keep having noses [laughs]. three of them keep having noses [laughs]. Brother Brother Brother and it has perfume in it. Hey watch friends, it is a and it has perfume in it. Hey watch friends, it is a and it has perfume in it. Hey watch friends, it is a heavy watch.  Give me your hand. heavy watch.  Give me your hand. heavy watch.  Give me your hand. Heavy is dangerous. Heavy is dangerous. Heavy is dangerous. This one is also a gift, it burns.  It's burnt, it's This one is also a gift, it burns.  It's burnt, it's This one is also a gift, it burns.  It's burnt, it's burnt. burnt. burnt. Oh, hey, it's burnt.  It's burnt, it's burnt. Oh, hey, it's burnt.  It's burnt, it's burnt. Oh, hey, it's burnt.  It's burnt, it's burnt. Friends, there is a statue of Mata Rani ji in it. Friends, there is a statue of Mata Rani ji in it. Friends, there is a statue of Mata Rani ji in it. Friends, this art and craft gift was Friends, this art and craft gift was Friends, this art and craft gift was given to Himanshi Chidiya by her sister. given to Himanshi Chidiya by her sister. given to Himanshi Chidiya by her sister. Learn something from him.  How talented is she? Learn something from him.  How talented is she? Learn something from him.  How talented is she? You don't learn anything, don't tell her about me, You don't learn anything, don't tell her about me, see friends see friends see friends what I have made, happy birthday bhaiya and it has also been written what I have made, happy birthday bhaiya and it has also been written what I have made, happy birthday bhaiya and it has also been written about some important people of my life, about some important people of my life, bhaiya, I have not written about me, I have not bhaiya, I have not written about me, I have not bhaiya, I have not written about me, I have not written about you, I have just given my heart, written about you, I have just given my heart, who made this ghost, who made this ghost, who made this ghost, Palak Palak Palak friends, Palak has given me its face friends, Palak has given me its face friends, Palak has given me its face because she had another very good painting, that one got because she had another very good painting, that one got because she had another very good painting, that one got spoiled because of the rain, spoiled because of the rain, spoiled because of the rain, yes it got spoiled in the rain and Palak has yes it got spoiled in the rain and Palak has yes it got spoiled in the rain and Palak has also given me this cup, brother's birthday, also given me this cup, brother's birthday, brother's birthday, brother's birthday, brother's birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, but now sister's birthday is coming. but now sister's birthday is coming. but now sister's birthday is coming. [screaming] Get the [screaming] Get the [screaming] Get the party ready.   Will party ready.   Will party ready.   Will you guys give it to me? you guys give it to me? you guys give it to me? So friends, I got some So friends, I got some So friends, I got some lovely gifts on my birthday.  The lovely gifts on my birthday.  The lovely gifts on my birthday.  The greatest, look, this is kept [Music] greatest, look, this is kept [Music] greatest, look, this is kept [Music] Where has Punia gone? Where has Punia gone? Where has Punia gone? I forgot about Punia.  Punia had I forgot about Punia.  Punia had I forgot about Punia.  Punia had come.  Where did Punia go? come.  Where did Punia go? come.  Where did Punia go? That emergency call had come so she would go. That emergency call had come so she would go. That emergency call had come so she would go. At the shop, At the shop, At the shop, yes yes yes Punia friends, he is a very hardworking boy.  I will touch it. Punia friends, he is a very hardworking boy.  I will touch it. Yes, it will open like this.  Such a car will be made and Yes, it will open like this.  Such a car will be made and Yes, it will open like this.  Such a car will be made and we removed the lid of it, removed the lid, this is the we removed the lid of it, removed the lid, this is the we removed the lid of it, removed the lid, this is the McLaren, I have got three such big boxes and two McLaren, I have got three such big boxes and two McLaren, I have got three such big boxes and two such thick booklets, such thick booklets, such thick booklets, read them from them and read them from them and read them from them and I will make it, I will make it, I will make it, this is a packet, oh the packet should not be misplaced, the this is a packet, oh the packet should not be misplaced, the this is a packet, oh the packet should not be misplaced, the packet should not be misplaced, so friends, I got some packet should not be misplaced, so friends, I got some packet should not be misplaced, so friends, I got some such lovely gifts on my such lovely gifts on my such lovely gifts on my birthday, seeing them my heart was filled with joy, I birthday, seeing them my heart was filled with joy, I birthday, seeing them my heart was filled with joy, I enjoyed it a lot enjoyed it a lot enjoyed it a lot and thank you very much to all of you too, you all and thank you very much to all of you too, you all and thank you very much to all of you too, you all gave me so many wishes on my birthday, gave me so many wishes on my birthday, gave me so many wishes on my birthday, you have been giving me so much love till now, you have been giving me so much love till now, you have been giving me so much love till now, thank you very much for all that too.  Just thank you very much for all that too.  Just thank you very much for all that too.  Just keep showering your love like this always.  Thank you so much. keep showering your love like this always.  Thank you so much. keep showering your love like this always.  Thank you so much. I love you so much friends, all of you. I love you so much friends, all of you. I love you so much friends, all of you. Friends, once upon a time this room used to be mine. Friends, once upon a time this room used to be mine. Friends, once upon a time this room used to be mine. But now it has taken over my sweet But now it has taken over my sweet But now it has taken over my sweet room.  And she keeps partying in it with her women's society.  She keeps room.  And she keeps partying in it with her women's society.  She keeps room.  And she keeps partying in it with her women's society.  She keeps enjoying. enjoying. enjoying. And friends, I no And friends, I no And friends, I no longer have any place to live.  There is no place longer have any place to live.  There is no place longer have any place to live.  There is no place left.  Let me tell you one thing, when brother is not left.  Let me tell you one thing, when brother is not left.  Let me tell you one thing, when brother is not in this room, this room remains absolutely clean and in this room, this room remains absolutely clean and in this room, this room remains absolutely clean and very nice.  If we come here it very nice.  If we come here it very nice.  If we come here it becomes dirty.  Look becomes dirty.  Look becomes dirty.  Look friends, these three girls have snatched my room from friends, these three girls have snatched my room from friends, these three girls have snatched my room from me.   The me.   The me.   The dirtiest thing is brother's clothes, dirtiest thing is brother's clothes, dirtiest thing is brother's clothes, oh that's not the point.  That is not the point, oh that's not the point.  That is not the point, oh that's not the point.  That is not the point, I am saying something else.  You are saying something else. I am saying something else.  You are saying something else. I am saying something else.  You are saying something else. I am telling you friends that he has taken away my I am telling you friends that he has taken away my I am telling you friends that he has taken away my place to live.  I have nothing place to live.  I have nothing place to live.  I have nothing left to live for now.  I don't have a place to stay. left to live for now.  I don't have a place to stay. left to live for now.  I don't have a place to stay. What happened? What happened? What happened? Tell me what is the matter?   The Tell me what is the matter?   The Tell me what is the matter?   The matter is that this room used to be mine. matter is that this room used to be mine. matter is that this room used to be mine. Is it or not?  But now he has taken over this room. Is it or not?  But now he has taken over this room. So, do you know how he got it So, do you know how he got it So, do you know how he got it confiscated then?  Yes. confiscated then?  Yes. confiscated then?  Yes. Just like a dog asks before sitting, Just like a dog asks before sitting, Just like a dog asks before sitting, how did he make brother move? how did he make brother move? how did he make brother move? Yes.  Friends, she slowly came into my room Yes.  Friends, she slowly came into my room Yes.  Friends, she slowly came into my room , and then she collected all her stuff , and then she collected all her stuff , and then she collected all her stuff in my room.  Now I have nothing in my room.  Now I have nothing in my room.  Now I have nothing left.   So left.   So now I have only one option left that I will now I have only one option left that I will now I have only one option left that I will build a new studio for myself, separate on the terrace. build a new studio for myself, separate on the terrace. build a new studio for myself, separate on the terrace. Ok. Ok. Ok. Brother, I was in your party, right? Brother, I was in your party, right? Brother, I was in your party, right? So who is letting you live there? So who is letting you live there? So who is letting you live there? Friends, I will build a big rooftop studio Friends, I will build a big rooftop studio Friends, I will build a big rooftop studio very soon.  What is this? very soon.  What is this? very soon.  What is this? Cancelled. Cancelled. Cancelled. Party cancelled. Party cancelled. Party cancelled. Rakhi's Rakhi's Rakhi's Rakhi Rakhi's Rakhi's Rakhi's Rakhi Rakhi's Rakhi's Rakhi's Rakhi caught it just like that, brother, it's not ours, caught it just like that, brother, it's not ours, caught it just like that, brother, it's not ours, see friends, Payal see friends, Payal see friends, Payal is teaching self-defense techniques to Pari by becoming a grand master, look, look, she is teaching how to break hands, look, look, she is teaching how to break hands, look, look, she is teaching how to break hands, training is going on, training, training, training is going on, training, training, training is going on, training, training, friends, for two days, not even 1% of sunshine has been seen, it's friends, for two days, not even 1% of sunshine has been seen, it's friends, for two days, not even 1% of sunshine has been seen, it's raining nicely and we are having a lot of raining nicely and we are having a lot of raining nicely and we are having a lot of fun, so fun, so fun, so what do you all want in the party, cow dung, what do you all want in the party, cow dung, what do you all want in the party, cow dung, gevar, pav, gevar, gevar, pav, gevar, gevar, pav, gevar, gevar, he is gevar, he is gevar, he is right, friends, I feel like eating gevar, right, friends, I feel like eating gevar, right, friends, I feel like eating gevar, but I have given up sugar, no but I have given up sugar, no but I have given up sugar, no problem brother, there is no sugar power for gevar, problem brother, there is no sugar power for gevar, today I will cheat, a little bit of gevar, gevar, gevar is gevar, today I will cheat, a little bit of gevar, gevar, gevar is gevar, today I will cheat, a little bit of gevar, gevar, gevar is gevar, not not not gevar, one of the years, gevar, one of the years, gevar, one of the years, friends, my head started itching after friends, my head started itching after friends, my head started itching after hearing the name of Ghevar, hearing the name of Ghevar, hearing the name of Ghevar, friends, I have been feeling like eating it for the last 10 days, I am not friends, I have been feeling like eating it for the last 10 days, I am not friends, I have been feeling like eating it for the last 10 days, I am not able to eat it, but able to eat it, but able to eat it, but I don't like it, more I don't like it, more I don't like it, more people are going to eat Ghevar, who knows, what will we get to know about the people are going to eat Ghevar, who knows, what will we get to know about the people are going to eat Ghevar, who knows, what will we get to know about the taste of Ghevar, taste of Ghevar, taste of Ghevar, today we will eat a little bit of Ghevar, today we will eat a little bit of Ghevar, today we will eat a little bit of Ghevar, friends, I will ask one of my dieticians, can friends, I will ask one of my dieticians, can friends, I will ask one of my dieticians, can I eat Ghevar  Am? I eat Ghevar  Am? I eat Ghevar  Am? Oh and I know the dietician, Oh and I know the dietician, Oh and I know the dietician, I will come back after eating the entire 250 gram packet. I will come back after eating the entire 250 gram packet. I will come back after eating the entire 250 gram packet. Friends, we have come to our all time favourite Friends, we have come to our all time favourite Friends, we have come to our all time favourite Haldiram.  And what is this, this is being made.   It Haldiram.  And what is this, this is being made.   It Haldiram.  And what is this, this is being made.   It seems another floor is being added for us seems another floor is being added for us seems another floor is being added for us because we come here a lot friends. because we come here a lot friends. because we come here a lot friends. And who will eat what from here And who will eat what from here And who will eat what from here ? ? ? Pav Bhaji. Pav Bhaji. Pav Bhaji. Pav Bhaji. Pav Bhaji. Pav Bhaji. Will eat gevar.  We have come to eat gevar.  Pav Will eat gevar.  We have come to eat gevar.  Pav Will eat gevar.  We have come to eat gevar.  Pav Bhaji.  Friends, Haldiram's Pav Bhaji is everyone's favourite. Bhaji.  Friends, Haldiram's Pav Bhaji is everyone's favourite. Bhaji.  Friends, Haldiram's Pav Bhaji is everyone's favourite. Wow friends, Wow friends, Wow friends, how beautiful the gevar looks.  But I can't how beautiful the gevar looks.  But I can't how beautiful the gevar looks.  But I can't eat. eat. eat. Eat brother, eat it, I am fed up.  Hey, are Eat brother, eat it, I am fed up.  Hey, are Eat brother, eat it, I am fed up.  Hey, are n't you eating all this at once? n't you eating all this at once? n't you eating all this at once? No, I am sugar free. No, I am sugar free. No, I am sugar free. Well, I refused.  I Well, I refused.  I Well, I refused.  I refused to do anything with my diet.  [Music] Vada pav with refused to do anything with my diet.  [Music] Vada pav with refused to do anything with my diet.  [Music] Vada pav with hot tea.  Ok. hot tea.  Ok. hot tea.  Ok. Eat it, eat it. Friends, everyone's eating and drinking was over. Friends, everyone's eating and drinking was over. Friends, everyone's eating and drinking was over. This tea of ​​mine is left.  My Vada This tea of ​​mine is left.  My Vada This tea of ​​mine is left.  My Vada Pav has not arrived yet.  Everyone ate it and Pav has not arrived yet.  Everyone ate it and Pav has not arrived yet.  Everyone ate it and everyone liked the ads too.  I am just looking at everyone liked the ads too.  I am just looking at everyone liked the ads too.  I am just looking at how to become a favor. how to become a favor. how to become a favor. Friends, it seems I will not be able to have Vada Pav in this life. Friends, it seems I will not be able to have Vada Pav in this life. Hey uncle [music] friend, your tea has also gone Hey uncle [music] friend, your tea has also gone Hey uncle [music] friend, your tea has also gone cold.  Tea and bread. cold.  Tea and bread. cold.  Tea and bread. Friends, my tea also got cold but pav Friends, my tea also got cold but pav Friends, my tea also got cold but pav sorry vada pav vada pav vada sorry vada pav vada pav vada pav did not come. pav did not come. pav did not come. Finally friends, Vada Pav has arrived.  Wow, thank Finally friends, Vada Pav has arrived.  Wow, thank Finally friends, Vada Pav has arrived.  Wow, thank you so much brother. you so much brother. you so much brother. Check its smell. Check its smell. Check its smell. So the fragrance will be checked even from inside the paper. So the fragrance will be checked even from inside the paper. So the fragrance will be checked even from inside the paper. Do it, don't check it, do it.  Do it, do it.  Hey, do it. Do it, don't check it, do it.  Do it, do it.  Hey, do it. [laughter] If you have [laughter] If you have [laughter] If you have any requests, let me know. any requests, let me know. any requests, let me know. I should refuse right now. I should refuse right now. I should refuse right now. Correct. Correct. Correct. Well, I started Well, I started Well, I started thinking.  [laughter] thinking.  [laughter] thinking.  [laughter] Let's get in the car.  Come on Let's get in the car.  Come on Let's get in the car.  Come on soldiers, don't lose courage.  Keep your breath crying. soldiers, don't lose courage.  Keep your breath crying. soldiers, don't lose courage.  Keep your breath crying. We lost.  Lost.  Lost. We lost.  Lost.  Lost. We lost.  Lost.  Lost. Brother, brother, Brother, brother, Brother, brother, brother, save me. brother, save me. brother, save me. friend to whom?  So friend to whom?  So friend to whom?  So who can't breathe? who can't breathe? who can't breathe? I will I will I will not be able to breathe at all. This dosa is for you and This dosa is for you and This dosa is for you and ice cream is also for you. ice cream is also for you. ice cream is also for you. Hey friend, Hey friend, Hey friend, this is the mango one. this is the mango one. this is the mango one. This is the mango one. This is the mango one. This is the mango one. Very good. Very good. Very good. And this is the paan seller.  Here mom, there is a paan for you.   Did And this is the paan seller.  Here mom, there is a paan for you.   Did you eat the paan one or the mango one? you eat the paan one or the mango one? you eat the paan one or the mango one? Will you eat the mango one or the paan one? Will you eat the mango one or the paan one? Will you eat the mango one or the paan one? Aunty doesn't like mango. Aunty doesn't like mango. Aunty doesn't like mango. You don't like mango? You don't like mango? You don't like mango? Yes.  This is the paan seller.  Kulfi Yes.  This is the paan seller.  Kulfi Yes.  This is the paan seller.  Kulfi is from Paan. is from Paan. is from Paan. Eat whatever you want to eat.  So Eat whatever you want to eat.  So Eat whatever you want to eat.  So friends, let's end this video now friends, let's end this video now friends, let's end this video now and tell me in the comments what you thought was the and tell me in the comments what you thought was the and tell me in the comments what you thought was the best thing that I got as a gift. best thing that I got as a gift. best thing that I got as a gift. Hey, why are you fighting unnecessarily? Hey, why are you fighting unnecessarily? Hey, why are you fighting unnecessarily? Hey, are you feeling like Hey, are you feeling like Hey, are you feeling like fighting more? Hey, are you feeling like fighting more? Hey, are you feeling like fighting more? Hey, are you feeling like fighting more?  If you want to fight, fighting more?  If you want to fight, fighting more?  If you want to fight, come to the back field and fight.  Come on, what's the come to the back field and fight.  Come on, what's the come to the back field and fight.  Come on, what's the matter?  Yes, so friends, it is okay for you to tell me in the comments what matter?  Yes, so friends, it is okay for you to tell me in the comments what matter?  Yes, so friends, it is okay for you to tell me in the comments what you liked the most you liked the most you liked the most ?  And until then, be alert ?  And until then, be alert ?  And until then, be alert friends.  Keep watching The Roma Channel, friends.  Keep watching The Roma Channel, friends.  Keep watching The Roma Channel, like, share and subscribe. like, share and subscribe. like, share and subscribe. Me too, brother too.  Bye bye, if you Me too, brother too.  Bye bye, if you Me too, brother too.  Bye bye, if you break it, he will kill you. break it, he will kill you. break it, he will kill you. Give [screaming voice] Give [screaming voice] Give [screaming voice] Give quickly, give quickly Payal, quickly, quickly, give quickly Payal, quickly, quickly, give quickly Payal, quickly, quickly quickly quickly Payal, what are you thinking? Payal, what are you thinking? Payal, what are you thinking? Move quickly, it's useless Payal, move away