Yes, leave my goods. Yes, leave my goods. Yes, leave my goods. You leave first. You leave first. You leave first. You leave first. You leave first. You leave first. I am not leaving you, you leave me. I am not leaving you, you leave me. I am not leaving you, you leave me. Let's leave together on the count of three.  Ok Let's leave together on the count of three.  Ok Let's leave together on the count of three.  Ok ? ? ? Yes, okay. Yes, okay. Yes, okay. Three to one, I do Three to one, I do Three to one, I do n't know from which garbage mom and dad picked you up. n't know from which garbage mom and dad picked you up. So you are also not a fairy.  Get out So you are also not a fairy.  Get out So you are also not a fairy.  Get out of here, monkey. of here, monkey. of here, monkey. My My My mom, I am going out.  If you have mom, I am going out.  If you have mom, I am going out.  If you have any garbage to throw away, any garbage to throw away, any garbage to throw away, give it to me.  Hey, it must be right in front of you, it must be on the give it to me.  Hey, it must be right in front of you, it must be on the give it to me.  Hey, it must be right in front of you, it must be on the sofa.  See. sofa.  See. sofa.  See. Leave it, friend. Leave it, friend. Leave it, friend. This time I took it.  I didn't see it before, This time I took it.  I didn't see it before, This time I took it.  I didn't see it before, you were looking at it today I want to see it, go and you were looking at it today I want to see it, go and you were looking at it today I want to see it, go and see it too [laughs] it's done friend will I see it too [laughs] it's done friend will I see it too [laughs] it's done friend will I get this of mine or take this, take it, let me get this of mine or take this, take it, let me get this of mine or take this, take it, let me stay with you, I have had enough of stay with you, I have had enough of stay with you, I have had enough of you friend if I tie a Rakhi you friend if I tie a Rakhi you friend if I tie a Rakhi [music] then [music] then [music] then now you will serve me, right, go and now you will serve me, right, go and now you will serve me, right, go and see this only in your dreams, by the way see this only in your dreams, by the way see this only in your dreams, by the way I do I do I do n't want yours either, one of yours and one of mine, n't want yours either, one of yours and one of mine, n't want yours either, one of yours and one of mine, mummy hey oh mummy hey oh mummy hey oh hmm