Today something happened at our house that left all of us in such a state. Today something happened at our house that left all of us in such a state. I was sitting so worried since this morning, then I was sitting so worried since this morning, then I was sitting so worried since this morning, then Rama comes running to me and Rama comes running to me and Rama comes running to me and says, Mom, what happened to you?  Why are you crying says, Mom, what happened to you?  Why are you crying says, Mom, what happened to you?  Why are you crying ? ? ? So I had ordered some stuff for myself So I had ordered some stuff for myself So I had ordered some stuff for myself and that stuff is going to be delivered at home tomorrow and that stuff is going to be delivered at home tomorrow and that stuff is going to be delivered at home tomorrow and now I did not have a single penny to pay. and now I did not have a single penny to pay. and now I did not have a single penny to pay. And on hearing this, Rama runs away. And on hearing this, Rama runs away. And after some time Rama comes to me and says, And after some time Rama comes to me and says, And after some time Rama comes to me and says, Mummy, take Papa's parts. Mummy, take Papa's parts. Mummy, take Papa's parts. You can withdraw as much money as you want from these.  And now You can withdraw as much money as you want from these.  And now You can withdraw as much money as you want from these.  And now brother, there is no need for me to cry.  Now brother, there is no need for me to cry.  Now brother, there is no need for me to cry.  Now I have so much money.  And then the next I have so much money.  And then the next I have so much money.  And then the next morning I ordered all my stuff with this same money. morning I ordered all my stuff with this same money. And now come quickly, let me hide all this stuff. And now come quickly, let me hide all this stuff. And now come quickly, let me hide all this stuff. Otherwise my husband will Otherwise my husband will Otherwise my husband will come home and shout at me unnecessarily. Hey, what happened? And today, ever since my husband came home, I do And today, ever since my husband came home, I do And today, ever since my husband came home, I do n't know what happened to him?  So I n't know what happened to him?  So I n't know what happened to him?  So I asked, hey, what happened?  Why are you acting like a mad person asked, hey, what happened?  Why are you acting like a mad person asked, hey, what happened?  Why are you acting like a mad person ? ? ? All the money I had disappeared. All the money I had disappeared. All the money I had disappeared. Hey, you could have asked me.  I had Hey, you could have asked me.  I had Hey, you could have asked me.  I had taken the money.  This means that if I had asked you to taken the money.  This means that if I had asked you to taken the money.  This means that if I had asked you to take the money, you would not have given it to me.  Ok.  Don't take the money, you would not have given it to me.  Ok.  Don't take the money, you would not have given it to me.  Ok.  Don't come inside the house after today.