What type of food is served to What type of food is served to What type of food is served to welcome new students at IIT Delhi?  Let's see. welcome new students at IIT Delhi?  Let's see. welcome new students at IIT Delhi?  Let's see. So the first thing I did was get coupons So the first thing I did was get coupons So the first thing I did was get coupons that would get us some [music] special food. that would get us some [music] special food. that would get us some [music] special food. So first up is Matar Pulao, Then So first up is Matar Pulao, Then So first up is Matar Pulao, Then Dal, Then Kadhai Paneer, Kalakand, Lachha Dal, Then Kadhai Paneer, Kalakand, Lachha Dal, Then Kadhai Paneer, Kalakand, Lachha Paratha, Tandoori Roti and Miss Roti.  And the Paratha, Tandoori Roti and Miss Roti.  And the Paratha, Tandoori Roti and Miss Roti.  And the main things are still left.  So stay tuned.   Then there main things are still left.  So stay tuned.   Then there main things are still left.  So stay tuned.   Then there 's macaroni and as usual 's macaroni and as usual 's macaroni and as usual salad.  Then brother here is pocket pizza which salad.  Then brother here is pocket pizza which salad.  Then brother here is pocket pizza which looks good.  After that, looks good.  After that, looks good.  After that, there is butter chicken for non-vegetarians.  Then papad, there is butter chicken for non-vegetarians.  Then papad, there is butter chicken for non-vegetarians.  Then papad, aloo chaat and the best thing is kulfi. aloo chaat and the best thing is kulfi. aloo chaat and the best thing is kulfi. With which our veg thali looks like this and With which our veg thali looks like this and With which our veg thali looks like this and non-veg thali looks like this.  So if you also want to non-veg thali looks like this.  So if you also want to non-veg thali looks like this.  So if you also want to eat such good food then you will have to spend in advance. eat such good food then you will have to spend in advance. eat such good food then you will have to spend in advance. And you will also have to subscribe to the channel. And you will also have to subscribe to the channel. And you will also have to subscribe to the channel. So subscribe quickly.  See you So subscribe quickly.  See you So subscribe quickly.  See you in the next video, bye.