Sir, I heard that everything is set. Very Sir, I heard that everything is set. Very Sir, I heard that everything is set. Very good. Ashtamritan and Parthasarithi. Now, if you good. Ashtamritan and Parthasarithi. Now, if you good. Ashtamritan and Parthasarithi. Now, if you get one more item, get one more item, get one more item, what's that? The flower to put on the flower is not the main flower of the flower garden. Without it, how could all the flowers in the flower shop be gone? Sir, he is lying. The shop had ready-made flower flowers. I told him to buy them. Is it ready-made flower flowers? He is saying, do you know what ready-made flower was? Sir, you should put it on your chest. You know, Ashtamritan. What is this? what's that? The flower to put on the flower is not the main flower of the flower garden. Without it, how could all the flowers in the flower shop be gone? Sir, he is lying. The shop had ready-made flower flowers. I told him to buy them. Is it ready-made flower flowers? He is saying, do you know what ready-made flower was? Sir, you should put it on your chest. You know, Ashtamritan. What is this? Change the tributes in it and say, "Happy Onam." Change the tributes in it and say, "Happy Onam." Change the tributes in it and say, "Happy Onam." That's enough. Then, I can That's enough. Then, I can touch the tribute sticker on your chest. It's night. touch the tribute sticker on your chest. It's night. touch the tribute sticker on your chest. It's night. Now, where can I go for the flower? Sir, if it's Now, where can I go for the flower? Sir, if it's 10 o'clock, will I get flowers here? 10 o'clock, will I get flowers here? No, I can't get flowers. It's hot. I No, I can't get flowers. It's hot. I No, I can't get flowers. It's hot. I can get rice and fried fish. I'll get some cooked flowers at can get rice and fried fish. I'll get some cooked flowers at can get rice and fried fish. I'll get some cooked flowers at our place. Let the our place. Let the our place. Let the fish eat its thorns and head.  Let's fish eat its thorns and head.  Let's fish eat its thorns and head.  Let's take it and write a letter. take it and write a letter. take it and write a letter. No, sir, that's what No, sir, that's what No, sir, that's what Shankar and Krishna Shankar and Krishna Shankar and Krishna told me just now about the smell of fish.  Why don't we hand over the Onam program to these funeral homes?  Not a told me just now about the smell of fish.  Why don't we hand over the Onam program to these funeral homes?  Not a told me just now about the smell of fish.  Why don't we hand over the Onam program to these funeral homes?  Not a straw. straw. straw. But then we can But then we can But then we can spread the poster of Atham on the floor. spread the poster of Atham on the floor. spread the poster of Atham on the floor. We've been doing that for the last five years We've been doing that for the last five years We've been doing that for the last five years .  They asked me to come buy .  They asked me to come buy .  They asked me to come buy flowers to make up for it flowers to make up for it flowers to make up for it . . . The poster is still going strong for the sixth year now, The poster is still going strong for the sixth year now, The poster is still going strong for the sixth year now, sir.  Let's change the seventh year sir.  Let's change the seventh year sir.  Let's change the seventh year .  No way. .  No way. .  No way. I made a promise to the students and teachers.   I I made a promise to the students and teachers.   I I made a promise to the students and teachers.   I can't change my word. can't change my word. Who brought Mohanlal after Anul Dyer said he would bring him? Who brought Mohanlal after Anul Dyer said he would bring him? Who brought Mohanlal after Anul Dyer said he would bring him? Mohan and Mamana, who came to collect coconuts, have both Mohan and Mamana, who came to collect coconuts, have both Mohan and Mamana, who came to collect coconuts, have both conquered heights. So it's okay, sir. conquered heights. So it's okay, sir. How about we put colored paper on the Attapookalam? Baba will How about we put colored paper on the Attapookalam? Baba will How about we put colored paper on the Attapookalam? Baba will be shocked. This is a district level be shocked. This is a district level be shocked. This is a district level Attapookalam competition. Attapookalam competition. Attapookalam competition. But then it would be But then it would be But then it would be better for us not to compete. better for us not to compete. better for us not to compete. Why don't Why don't Why don't we even get an incentive prize? we even get an incentive prize? we even get an incentive prize? Why don't you laugh? You didn't Why don't you laugh? You didn't laugh at the comedy I told you yesterday, so I won't laugh at the comedy I told you yesterday, so I won't laugh at the comedy I told you yesterday, so I won't laugh either. I won't laugh. laugh either. I won't laugh. [Sighs] I'm [Sighs] I'm [Sighs] I'm lying down. My dear lying down. My dear lying down. My dear Shankara Poo, who did Shankara Poo, who did Shankara Poo, who did you call Thaara in your dream? There's such a you call Thaara in your dream? There's such a grammar mistake. My dear Shankara Poo is not Shankara Poo, my dear Shankara Krish. Wake up. I need help. I can't help. My prestige issue is a prestige issue. Why should we call them? Just call the service center. Customer care number is O.P.E.M.A  Made it. grammar mistake. My dear Shankara Poo is not Shankara Poo, my dear Shankara Krish. Wake up. I need help. I can't help. My prestige issue is a prestige issue. Why should we call them? Just call the service center. Customer care number is O.P.E.M.A  Made it. grammar mistake. My dear Shankara Poo is not Shankara Poo, my dear Shankara Krish. Wake up. I need help. I can't help. My prestige issue is a prestige issue. Why should we call them? Just call the service center. Customer care number is O.P.E.M.A  Made it. [Laughs] The [Laughs] The [Laughs] The situation has changed, Sam, situation has changed, Sam, situation has changed, Sam, you should go down, sorry, let's you should go down, sorry, let's you should go down, sorry, let's sleep. We won't go to the flower garden tomorrow. sleep. We won't go to the flower garden tomorrow. sleep. We won't go to the flower garden tomorrow. We won't go to pick flowers at night either. Please, We won't go to pick flowers at night either. Please, We won't go to pick flowers at night either. Please, Shankarana Krishna, come and knock on the door. I can't knock on the door. If you want, you can knock on the door. Shankarana Krishna, come and knock on the door. I can't knock on the door. If you want, you can knock on the door. Sara, call those hunters and come. Sara, call those hunters and come. Sara, call those hunters and come. I can't go. I can't go. I can't go. Cook, you have to stay to make sambar with Pushpanu. You Cook, you have to stay to make sambar with Pushpanu. You know how to make sambar. If I'm not there, he will know how to make sambar. If I'm not there, he will know how to make sambar. If I'm not there, he will make chicken curry with Malakari and make chicken curry with Malakari and make chicken curry with Malakari and give us the Onam program. He was worried that if he gave us the Onam program, he would kill us. What are they doing now? It's not a give us the Onam program. He was worried that if he gave us the Onam program, he would kill us. What are they doing now? It's not a pond, it's a lake. You should pond, it's a lake. You should pond, it's a lake. You should cover it with soil. Shankar, Mahadeva, go and come with me. Come with me in cover it with soil. Shankar, Mahadeva, go and come with me. Come with me in cover it with soil. Shankar, Mahadeva, go and come with me. Come with me in peace. The peace. The pumpkin that was kept here for making sambar is a watermelon. He is pumpkin that was kept here for making sambar is a watermelon. He is pumpkin that was kept here for making sambar is a watermelon. He is drinking the juice. Oh, yes, drinking the juice. Oh, yes, drinking the juice. Oh, yes, I'm I'm I'm not saying that you have any use for it. They will only harm you. not saying that you have any use for it. They will only harm you. not saying that you have any use for it. They will only harm you. But they will take you with them to pick But they will take you with them to pick But they will take you with them to pick flowers. flowers. flowers. Oh, they don't want you, sir.  It's Oh, they don't want you, sir.  It's Oh, they don't want you, sir.  It's dark at night, so the darkness will dark at night, so the darkness will dark at night, so the darkness will disappear if you shine a torch. If you take these people away, you'll have to beat the people who disappear if you shine a torch. If you take these people away, you'll have to beat the people who disappear if you shine a torch. If you take these people away, you'll have to beat the people who took the torch. It doesn't matter if they beat you. took the torch. It doesn't matter if they beat you. Just bring them back alive. Just bring them back alive. Just bring them back alive. I'm ready, I've put on I'm ready, I've put on I'm ready, I've put on so much powder. No matter where the children go so much powder. No matter where the children go so much powder. No matter where the children go out, we always out, we always out, we always go prepared. That's the name of the place. go prepared. That's the name of the place. go prepared. That's the name of the place. Where is the milk powder? He's packing his bag. He's going to Where is the milk powder? He's packing his bag. He's going to Where is the milk powder? He's packing his bag. He's going to pick flowers, not go on a pick flowers, not go on a pick flowers, not go on a trip. [Laughs] Did you miss it? Did you trip. [Laughs] Did you miss it? Did you trip. [Laughs] Did you miss it? Did you go and call the potato? go and call the potato? [Music] Isn't [Music] Isn't [Music] Isn't the night terribly dark? the night terribly dark? the night terribly dark? Yes, yes, if Thomas Alva Edison hadn't invented the light bulb, Yes, yes, if Thomas Alva Edison hadn't invented the light bulb, what would we have been doing? We wouldn't have been pulling the strings, what would we have been doing? We wouldn't have been pulling the strings, what would we have been doing? We wouldn't have been pulling the strings, right? Two. right? Two. Edison in Aluva, who was at home at night, came out to check on me. Edison in Aluva, who was at home at night, came out to check on me. Edison in Aluva, who was at home at night, came out to check on me. You see, when those who are skilled in flying You see, when those who are skilled in flying You see, when those who are skilled in flying find it, those who are not skilled in it don't catch it. find it, those who are not skilled in it don't catch it. find it, those who are not skilled in it don't catch it. Let Let Let the dogs get up and go.   Give me, give me the dogs get up and go.   Give me, give me the dogs get up and go.   Give me, give me .  As they say, Onam .  As they say, Onam .  As they say, Onam will come here, right?  Besides, when will come here, right?  Besides, when Maveli comes out of the underworld, Maveli comes out of the underworld, Maveli comes out of the underworld, where will it come first? where will it come first? where will it come first? What will we see at the Thampanoora bus stand? My What will we see at the Thampanoora bus stand? My What will we see at the Thampanoora bus stand? My golden dwarf, when you step on it, there is golden dwarf, when you step on it, there is golden dwarf, when you step on it, there is no Maveli. no Maveli. no Maveli. What a joke to have these people step on it. This is what you What a joke to have these people step on it. This is what you What a joke to have these people step on it. This is what you said, sir. We came with you only if you make us angry. If you go back, then go back. Let's go. said, sir. We came with you only if you make us angry. If you go back, then go back. Let's go. Do you know the way back? Didn't Do you know the way back? Didn't Do you know the way back? Didn't I tell you about a wait? We I tell you about a wait? We can't make you stay, sir. So we are also coming with you. Yes, this time there will be a tiger fight. After all, there was a tiger fight when we can't make you stay, sir. So we are also coming with you. Yes, this time there will be a tiger fight. After all, there was a tiger fight when we took our program. took our program. took our program. We dressed up as tigers and played. If We dressed up as tigers and played. If donkeys dress up, they won't be tigers. donkeys dress up, they won't be tigers. donkeys dress up, they won't be tigers. So this time we will go down as So this time we will go down as So this time we will go down as tigers. Then we will see monkeys. Yes, we have to Then we will see monkeys. Yes, we have to Then we will see monkeys. Yes, we have to pick all the flowers quickly. I have to practice for the fourth time. pick all the flowers quickly. I have to practice for the fourth time. Shankara, I am the one pulling the rope. Shankara, I am the one pulling the rope. I agreed to put the correct amount of pressure on his head.  That's enough for me to hear. I agreed to put the correct amount of pressure on his head.  That's enough for me to hear. I agreed to put the correct amount of pressure on his head.  That's enough for me to hear. Here is the red hibiscus flower.   You will Here is the red hibiscus flower.   You will need to remove it from your ear and put it in your ear canal need to remove it from your ear and put it in your ear canal need to remove it from your ear and put it in your ear canal .  Guys, it's a big deal. .  Guys, it's a big deal. .  Guys, it's a big deal. Then I plucked it and put it in the flower pot of the flower pot. Then I plucked it and put it in the flower pot of the flower pot. Then I plucked it and put it in the flower pot of the flower pot. My flower My flower My flower Ashtamrita, look, there are some flowers in that house Ashtamrita, look, there are some flowers in that house Ashtamrita, look, there are some flowers in that house .  If you come here to pluck flowers, oh .  If you come here to pluck flowers, oh .  If you come here to pluck flowers, oh no, that's not a house, it's a nursery. If you come there to no, that's not a house, it's a nursery. If you come there to no, that's not a house, it's a nursery. If you come there to pluck flowers, pluck flowers, pluck flowers, you'll all be plucking the list.   You guys are inside us. If you'll all be plucking the list.   You guys are inside us. If this is the case, we can separate. We have to separate. this is the case, we can separate. We have to separate. Separating means Separating means Separating means you have to have your way, we have to have you have to have your way, we have to have you have to have your way, we have to have our way. our way. our way. First of all, it is an unknown place. If you show us the show and go down, the First of all, it is an unknown place. If you show us the show and go down, the First of all, it is an unknown place. If you show us the show and go down, the darkness will catch you. The darkness will catch you. The darkness will catch you. The darkness will catch us and bite us. darkness will catch us and bite us. Who will you tell? Who will you tell? Who will you tell? I am afraid of the dark. Don't tell them. Not even I am afraid of the dark. Don't tell them. Not even a flower has fallen here. a flower has fallen here. a flower has fallen here. Then you know something. It is Then you know something. It is Then you know something. It is night. The ghost should sleep. night. The ghost should sleep. night. The ghost should sleep. My faith is Rama, Rama, Rama, Rama. God, My faith is Rama, Rama, Rama, Rama. God, My faith is Rama, Rama, Rama, Rama. God, wait for me. Look, there are wait for me. Look, there are wait for me. Look, there are some flowers in that house. I some flowers in that house. I think there is no one there. If you go and pluck it, will you see the think there is no one there. If you go and pluck it, will you see the think there is no one there. If you go and pluck it, will you see the dog? Didn't you say that if you see them, the dog? Didn't you say that if you see them, the dog? Didn't you say that if you see them, the dog won't dog won't dog won't do anything. If we see the dog, we can run away. The dog can't do anything. do anything. If we see the dog, we can run away. The dog can't do anything. You are a fool.  I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm coming with you, you stay here, I'll go and get the You are a fool.  I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm coming with you, you stay here, I'll go and get the placard, I'll come right away placard, I'll come right away placard, I'll come right away [laughs] I'm here, I'm coming with you, the [laughs] I'm here, I'm coming with you, the [laughs] I'm here, I'm coming with you, the house is surrounded by forest, but the house is surrounded by forest, but the house is surrounded by forest, but the yard is full of flowers. yard is full of flowers. yard is full of flowers. I've I've I've seen houses like this in haunted places.  Oh seen houses like this in haunted places.  Oh seen houses like this in haunted places.  Oh ghost, ghost, the ghost, ghost, the ghost, ghost, the urine has gone, the urine has gone, the urine has gone, the urine has gone, the urine has gone, the urine has gone, the silent flower, don't tell me, take a ring and put it on the side a ring and put it on the side a ring and put it on the side [music] If you [music] If you put your engagement ring on the girl's finger, you can't sit and watch the market, and you can't see the people who have gone, put your engagement ring on the girl's finger, you can't sit and watch the market, and you can't see the people who have gone, put your engagement ring on the girl's finger, you can't sit and watch the market, and you can't see the people who have gone, Rafflesia will Rafflesia will Rafflesia will fall into some kind of hole, fall into some kind of hole, fall into some kind of hole, go and touch it, if you don't want to go, the buffalo will fall into the hole, don't you see, go and touch it, if you don't want to go, the buffalo will fall into the hole, don't you see, what a stink of urine, you what a stink of urine, you what a stink of urine, you really have to hurt your back, really have to hurt your back, really have to hurt your back, what a stink, stink, what a stink, stink, what a stink, stink, I knew that this would I knew that this would I knew that this would happen, I am well prepared, I happen, I am well prepared, I happen, I am well prepared, I caught this. What is this? Don't bother putting it on. What is this? Don't bother putting it on. How is there a way to turn any smell into a fragrance? How is there a way to turn any smell into a fragrance? How is there a way to turn any smell into a fragrance? Now both of them are beating the banana together Now both of them are beating the banana together Now both of them are beating the banana together .   Just keep quiet and .   Just keep quiet and .   Just keep quiet and endure it until you get to the hostel. endure it until you get to the hostel. endure it until you get to the hostel. I'll take a shower when I get there.   If you don't I'll take a shower when I get there.   If you don't I'll take a shower when I get there.   If you don't take a bath, I'll cut you up and make you stink take a bath, I'll cut you up and make you stink take a bath, I'll cut you up and make you stink . . . This is the beginning of urine.  Don't take it away, you This is the beginning of urine.  Don't take it away, you came and picked it up as if it were a flower that was put in a wooden box. My gold, came and picked it up as if it were a flower that was put in a wooden box. My gold, came and picked it up as if it were a flower that was put in a wooden box. My gold, thank you, Shankar, my Krishna, not thank you, Shankar, my Krishna, not thank you, Shankar, my Krishna, not us. They said thanks to those who said thanks. They all picked it up us. They said thanks to those who said thanks. They all picked it up with us. with us. with us. Otherwise, you are of no use. You won't study. Otherwise, you are of no use. You won't study. Otherwise, you are of no use. You won't study. You won't bathe. You won't have anything. You won't bathe. You won't have anything. My son, you called Ashtu. Come, I have made biryani. So, we have fruit porridge for you. Put it on your head and go to sleep. Useless fellows, there is nothing to worry about now. Let's go and sleep. As Parath said, I have to put this engagement ring on my girl's My son, you called Ashtu. Come, I have made biryani. So, we have fruit porridge for you. Put it on your head and go to sleep. Useless fellows, there is nothing to worry about now. Let's go and sleep. As Parath said, I have to put this engagement ring on my girl's My son, you called Ashtu. Come, I have made biryani. So, we have fruit porridge for you. Put it on your head and go to sleep. Useless fellows, there is nothing to worry about now. Let's go and sleep. As Parath said, I have to put this engagement ring on my girl's finger. But until then, let it rest on finger. But until then, let it rest on finger. But until then, let it rest on my finger. my finger. my finger. Ashtu, you came. Sir, I called you for biryani. I must have felt like it. Ashtu, you came. Sir, I called you for biryani. I must have felt like it. Ashtu, you came. Sir, I called you for biryani. I must have felt like it. Tam, tam, tam. Tam, tam, tam. Tam, tam, tam. [Music] Isn't this Ashtamritan's roommate? [Music] Isn't this Ashtamritan's roommate? [Music] Isn't this Ashtamritan's roommate? What is this here? Tam, What is this here? Tam, What is this here? Tam, tam, tam, tam, tam, tam, tam, I have moved to some other hostel. What is this? I have moved to some other hostel. What is this? I have moved to some other hostel. What is this? Girls' hostel?  No, no  When I Girls' hostel?  No, no  When I came to take admission, I had a doubt. came to take admission, I had a doubt. came to take admission, I had a doubt. Now, I have to Now, I have to Now, I have to do something quickly to confirm. do something quickly to confirm. do something quickly to confirm. Sir, I'm singing a song here. I don't know how to Sir, I'm singing a song here. I don't know how to Sir, I'm singing a song here. I don't know how to teach you. The song will be a hit. Come on, come on. What a teach you. The song will be a hit. Come on, come on. What a pity. This is a piece of pity. This is a piece of pity. This is a piece of rat droppings. Shankara rat droppings. Shankara rat droppings. Shankara Mahadeva is Mahadeva is Mahadeva is not singing. Throw it here. [Coughs] Your throat is sore. Don't [Coughs] Your throat is sore. Don't [Coughs] Your throat is sore. Don't sing. Or sing. Or sing. Or I'll kill you. I'll kill you. Gold and flowers, black and blue sand. I'll kill you. I'll kill you. Gold and flowers, black and blue sand. I'll kill you. I'll kill you. Gold and flowers, black and blue sand. Kokkaka Kokkaka Kokkaka Kazuthan. I'll see you in the eyes of Manini. What is Ashtamriti's item dance here? Is he What is Ashtamriti's item dance here? Is he What is Ashtamriti's item dance here? Is he so talented? so talented? so talented? Sir, if you stop singing, he will become violent and Sir, if you stop singing, he will become violent and Sir, if you stop singing, he will become violent and kill you. Then he grabbed me by the throat kill you. Then he grabbed me by the throat kill you. Then he grabbed me by the throat .   Isn't .   Isn't .   Isn't it good that even though it was a day off, it good that even though it was a day off, it good that even though it was a day off, how did this person get into the house? I how did this person get into the house? I how did this person get into the house? I don't know. Didn't you say that we entered a house to pluck flowers? He got a liberation and say that we entered a house to pluck flowers? He got a liberation and say that we entered a house to pluck flowers? He got a liberation and that liberation is lying in my hands. that liberation is lying in my hands. that liberation is lying in my hands. Look at which house did Look at which house did Look at which house did you enter? you enter? Why did you come and grab the vines? Why did you come and grab the vines? Why did you come and grab the vines? Sir, after that garden, there is a Sir, after that garden, there is a Sir, after that garden, there is a house that caught the eye. There were some flowers there. house that caught the eye. There were some flowers there. house that caught the eye. There were some flowers there. Some plucked them. We will come and swim. I am Pasumathi's house. Pasumathi's house is the I am Pasumathi's house. Pasumathi's house is the I am Pasumathi's house. Pasumathi's house is the house where she died. Isn't that the rice that makes biryani? Don't you remember makes biryani? Don't you remember hearing the news on the news a month ago that a dancer named Vasumathi committed suicide? Come on, let's go. hearing the news on the news a month ago that a dancer named Vasumathi committed suicide? Come on, let's go. hearing the news on the news a month ago that a dancer named Vasumathi committed suicide? Come on, let's go. Even to do a step in a song, that Even to do a step in a song, that Even to do a step in a song, that girl also said that she needed a dance class. Didn't girl also said that she needed a dance class. Didn't girl also said that she needed a dance class. Didn't some Pulambi go into the news and that's the same. She entered the some Pulambi go into the news and that's the same. She entered the some Pulambi go into the news and that's the same. She entered the house and plucked house and plucked house and plucked flowers. God, the one who took the ring from them is the one who threw them away. It's the same thing that they entered the house and plucked flowers. God, the one who flowers. God, the one who took the ring from them is the one who threw them away. It's the same thing that they entered the house and plucked flowers. God, the one who flowers. God, the one who took the ring from them is the one who threw them away. It's the same thing that they entered the house and plucked flowers. God, the one who took the ring from them is the one who threw them away. It's the same thing that plagues them. They have become conformists and are took the ring from them is the one who threw them away. It's the same thing that plagues them. They have become conformists and are singing like them. singing like them. singing like them. South and dance north, Kunchiyamma, Kunchi, the South and dance north, Kunchiyamma, Kunchi, the South and dance north, Kunchiyamma, Kunchi, the children of Anjamanjoma, Kunchi, the children of Pancharavittu, the children of Anjamanjoma, Kunchi, the children of Pancharavittu, the name Kunchu, Panchara Kunchu, has come to be called, name Kunchu, Panchara Kunchu, has come to be called, name Kunchu, Panchara Kunchu, has come to be called, now there is only one way, now there is only one way, now there is only one way, let's call him, oh don't call him, tired of let's call him, oh don't call him, tired of calling him like that in all the ghost videos, there is no other calling him like that in all the ghost videos, there is no other calling him like that in all the ghost videos, there is no other way, way, way, Father, Father, Father, Father Rosario, the new person, the old one, the name has Father Rosario, the new person, the old one, the name has Father Rosario, the new person, the old one, the name has changed, the audience doesn't know, the one who called, the changed, the audience doesn't know, the one who called, the changed, the audience doesn't know, the one who called, the Telugu song, Achandayi Chinnukaru, hello, father, you can't Telugu song, Achandayi Chinnukaru, hello, father, you can't Telugu song, Achandayi Chinnukaru, hello, father, you can't come, I didn't say anything to that, you ca come, I didn't say anything to that, you ca come, I didn't say anything to that, you ca n't come even if you say it [Music] Here, n't come even if you say it [Music] Here, n't come even if you say it [Music] Here, some promotions of Raghu's family are some promotions of Raghu's family are some promotions of Raghu's family are pending, can someone be sent pending, can someone be sent pending, can someone be sent here, maybe here, maybe here, maybe he will come, he will come, he will come, only he can save you [Music] only he can save you [Music] only he can save you [Music] Chakini Jaganitam Jaganitam Jaganitam Jaganitam Chakini Jaganitam Jaganitam Jaganitam Jaganitam Chakini Jaganitam Jaganitam Jaganitam Jaganitam Correctly came Jagani Chakinitam Chakinitam Jaganitam Who is it, Correctly came Jagani Chakinitam Chakinitam Jaganitam Who is it, Correctly came Jagani Chakinitam Chakinitam Jaganitam Who is it, Assalamu  Alaikkum, we are the one the father Assalamu  Alaikkum, we are the one the father Assalamu  Alaikkum, we are the one the father said Jamal [Music] Kizhambum said Jamal [Music] Kizhambum said Jamal [Music] Kizhambum Kannale Kurathi Thazhambum Mayyale Let Kannale Kurathi Thazhambum Mayyale Let Kannale Kurathi Thazhambum Mayyale Let me see your mangoes that you didn't see me see your mangoes that you didn't see me see your mangoes that you didn't see Padachon Why are you walking here Kin Padachon Why are you walking here Kin Padachon Why are you walking here Kin called you They sang here and said called you They sang here and said called you They sang here and said something Come to us We need some corner We can eat something Come to us We need some corner We can eat something Come to us We need some corner We can eat there We can eat there We can eat there We can eat Oh Father said Basmati Oh Father said Basmati Oh Father said Basmati rice has been prepared here Come and rice has been prepared here Come and rice has been prepared here Come and eat eat eat Basmati rice is not edible The Basmati rice is not edible The ghost that you called Deka Thullavan has gathered in his body Was it to get rid of ghost that you called Deka Thullavan has gathered in his body Was it to get rid of ghost that you called Deka Thullavan has gathered in his body Was it to get rid of it Was it to get rid of it it Was it to get rid of it it Was it to get rid of it quickly Was it to get rid of it quickly Was it to get rid of it quickly Was it to get rid of it Padachon Basmati is not edible Basmati was Padachon Basmati is not edible Basmati was Padachon Basmati is not edible Basmati was to get rid of it I heard wrong to get rid of it I heard wrong to get rid of it I heard wrong We don't know any of this Even if it's some barota We don't know any of this Even if it's some barota We don't know any of this Even if it's some barota beef We can stop eating it beef We can stop eating it beef We can stop eating it Otherwise we can't eat it Ours How can you hide Otherwise we can't eat it Ours How can you hide Otherwise we can't eat it Ours How can you hide this somehow Only if you get rid of it this somehow Only if you get rid of it We will make you biryani We will make that We will make you biryani We will make that We will make you biryani We will make that Kuzhimanthi If you Kuzhimanthi If you Kuzhimanthi If you read it  We will read it  We will read it  We will take the Himalayas and throw them away. Tell us which Halak is take the Himalayas and throw them away. Tell us which Halak is take the Himalayas and throw them away. Tell us which Halak is this this this Halak that is being used to get rid of this Halak. But if Halak that is being used to get rid of this Halak. But if Halak that is being used to get rid of this Halak. But if you go and boil you go and boil you go and boil water in a copper pot and put hot water in it, won't it be useful? Not for water in a copper pot and put hot water in it, won't it be useful? Not for that, but for getting rid of the plague, if you that, but for getting rid of the plague, if you that, but for getting rid of the plague, if you put basmati rice in water now, this Basmati put basmati rice in water now, this Basmati put basmati rice in water now, this Basmati will be ready. That Basmati Baba will be enough later. It won't shake even the Arabs. It doesn't will be ready. That Basmati Baba will be enough later. It won't shake even the Arabs. It doesn't will be ready. That Basmati Baba will be enough later. It won't shake even the Arabs. It doesn't seem useful in the Arab world. When did the elder get this seem useful in the Arab world. When did the elder get this seem useful in the Arab world. When did the elder get this jinn? After putting the ring on his hand, the old man should have jinn? After putting the ring on his hand, the old man should have told me earlier. It's not a problem to take off that ring. told me earlier. It's not a problem to take off that ring. told me earlier. It's not a problem to take off that ring. Elder, you should have sung a good Arabic song. Elder, you should have sung a good Arabic song. Elder, you should have sung a good Arabic song. We will blow it now. We will blow it now. We will blow it now. Halamathi Habibu Halamathi Mathi Antha Halamathi Habibu Halamathi Halamathi Habiba Alamathi What happened to Halamathi Habibu Halamathi Mathi Antha Halamathi Habibu Halamathi Halamathi Habiba Alamathi What happened to me? me? me? You have a gangrene, show me the obvious signs, and You have a gangrene, show me the obvious signs, and even give me a corn lamp to show me what happened. even give me a corn lamp to show me what happened. even give me a corn lamp to show me what happened. We got the Kuncha Ashtam back. We got the Kuncha Ashtam back. We got the Kuncha Ashtam back. Thank you very much, Ustad. I'm going to Thank you very much, Ustad. I'm going to Thank you very much, Ustad. I'm going to stop teaching and start a Vala Ganamala troupe. stop teaching and start a Vala Ganamala troupe. stop teaching and start a Vala Ganamala troupe. We've We've We've seen all this so much.  Let me read this old book and let me rest my seen all this so much.  Let me read this old book and let me rest my seen all this so much.  Let me read this old book and let me rest my hands. hands. hands. Okay, teacher, don't take the crocodile.   The Okay, teacher, don't take the crocodile.   The Okay, teacher, don't take the crocodile.   The warrior Halak's abilum, Kanji, in the warrior Halak's abilum, Kanji, in the warrior Halak's abilum, Kanji, in the heart of the mind, there is a heart of the mind, there is a heart of the mind, there is a beautiful beautiful beautiful girl, a kinnare, a girl, a kinnare, a girl, a kinnare, a girl who is a companion to tell a story, girl who is a companion to tell a story, girl who is a companion to tell a story, Allimalarkili is beautiful, her beauty spreads her Allimalarkili is beautiful, her beauty spreads her Allimalarkili is beautiful, her beauty spreads her smile.