Sir, I heard that everything is set. Very
good. Ashtamritan and Parthasarithi. Now, if you
get one more item,
what's that? The flower to put on the flower is not the main flower of the flower garden. Without it, how could all the flowers in the flower shop be gone? Sir, he is lying. The shop had ready-made flower flowers. I told him to buy them. Is it ready-made flower flowers? He is saying, do you know what ready-made flower was? Sir, you should put it on your chest. You know, Ashtamritan. What is this?
Change the tributes in it and say, "Happy Onam."
That's enough. Then, I can
touch the tribute sticker on your chest. It's night.
Now, where can I go for the flower? Sir, if it's
10 o'clock, will I get flowers here?
No, I can't get flowers. It's hot. I
can get rice and fried fish. I'll get some cooked flowers at
our place. Let the
fish eat its thorns and head. Let's
take it and write a letter.
No, sir, that's what
Shankar and Krishna
told me just now about the smell of fish. Why don't we hand over the Onam program to these funeral homes? Not a
straw.
But then we can
spread the poster of Atham on the floor.
We've been doing that for the last five years
. They asked me to come buy
flowers to make up for it
.
The poster is still going strong for the sixth year now,
sir. Let's change the seventh year
. No way.
I made a promise to the students and teachers. I
can't change my word.
Who brought Mohanlal after Anul Dyer said he would bring him?
Mohan and Mamana, who came to collect coconuts, have both
conquered heights. So it's okay, sir.
How about we put colored paper on the Attapookalam? Baba will
be shocked. This is a district level
Attapookalam competition.
But then it would be
better for us not to compete.
Why don't
we even get an incentive prize?
Why don't you laugh? You didn't
laugh at the comedy I told you yesterday, so I won't
laugh either. I won't laugh.
[Sighs] I'm
lying down. My dear
Shankara Poo, who did
you call Thaara in your dream? There's such a
grammar mistake. My dear Shankara Poo is not Shankara Poo, my dear Shankara Krish. Wake up. I need help. I can't help. My prestige issue is a prestige issue. Why should we call them? Just call the service center. Customer care number is O.P.E.M.A Made it.
[Laughs] The
situation has changed, Sam,
you should go down, sorry, let's
sleep. We won't go to the flower garden tomorrow.
We won't go to pick flowers at night either. Please,
Shankarana Krishna, come and knock on the door. I can't knock on the door. If you want, you can knock on the door.
Sara, call those hunters and come.
I can't go.
Cook, you have to stay to make sambar with Pushpanu. You
know how to make sambar. If I'm not there, he will
make chicken curry with Malakari and
give us the Onam program. He was worried that if he gave us the Onam program, he would kill us. What are they doing now? It's not a
pond, it's a lake. You should
cover it with soil. Shankar, Mahadeva, go and come with me. Come with me in
peace. The
pumpkin that was kept here for making sambar is a watermelon. He is
drinking the juice. Oh, yes,
I'm
not saying that you have any use for it. They will only harm you.
But they will take you with them to pick
flowers.
Oh, they don't want you, sir. It's
dark at night, so the darkness will
disappear if you shine a torch. If you take these people away, you'll have to beat the people who
took the torch. It doesn't matter if they beat you.
Just bring them back alive.
I'm ready, I've put on
so much powder. No matter where the children go
out, we always
go prepared. That's the name of the place.
Where is the milk powder? He's packing his bag. He's going to
pick flowers, not go on a
trip. [Laughs] Did you miss it? Did you
go and call the potato?
[Music] Isn't
the night terribly dark?
Yes, yes, if Thomas Alva Edison hadn't invented the light bulb,
what would we have been doing? We wouldn't have been pulling the strings,
right? Two.
Edison in Aluva, who was at home at night, came out to check on me.
You see, when those who are skilled in flying
find it, those who are not skilled in it don't catch it.
Let
the dogs get up and go. Give me, give me
. As they say, Onam
will come here, right? Besides, when
Maveli comes out of the underworld,
where will it come first?
What will we see at the Thampanoora bus stand? My
golden dwarf, when you step on it, there is
no Maveli.
What a joke to have these people step on it. This is what you
said, sir. We came with you only if you make us angry. If you go back, then go back. Let's go.
Do you know the way back? Didn't
I tell you about a wait? We
can't make you stay, sir. So we are also coming with you. Yes, this time there will be a tiger fight. After all, there was a tiger fight when we
took our program.
We dressed up as tigers and played. If
donkeys dress up, they won't be tigers.
So this time we will go down as
tigers.
Then we will see monkeys. Yes, we have to
pick all the flowers quickly. I have to practice for the fourth time.
Shankara, I am the one pulling the rope.
I agreed to put the correct amount of pressure on his head. That's enough for me to hear.
Here is the red hibiscus flower. You will
need to remove it from your ear and put it in your ear canal
. Guys, it's a big deal.
Then I plucked it and put it in the flower pot of the flower pot.
My flower
Ashtamrita, look, there are some flowers in that house
. If you come here to pluck flowers, oh
no, that's not a house, it's a nursery. If you come there to
pluck flowers,
you'll all be plucking the list. You guys are inside us. If
this is the case, we can separate. We have to separate.
Separating means
you have to have your way, we have to have
our way.
First of all, it is an unknown place. If you show us the show and go down, the
darkness will catch you. The
darkness will catch us and bite us.
Who will you tell?
I am afraid of the dark. Don't tell them. Not even
a flower has fallen here.
Then you know something. It is
night. The ghost should sleep.
My faith is Rama, Rama, Rama, Rama. God,
wait for me. Look, there are
some flowers in that house. I
think there is no one there. If you go and pluck it, will you see the
dog? Didn't you say that if you see them, the
dog won't
do anything. If we see the dog, we can run away. The dog can't do anything.
You are a fool. I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm coming with you, you stay here, I'll go and get the
placard, I'll come right away
[laughs] I'm here, I'm coming with you, the
house is surrounded by forest, but the
yard is full of flowers.
I've
seen houses like this in haunted places. Oh
ghost, ghost, the
urine has gone, the urine has gone, the
silent flower, don't tell me, take
a ring and put it on the side
[music] If you
put your engagement ring on the girl's finger, you can't sit and watch the market, and you can't see the people who have gone,
Rafflesia will
fall into some kind of hole,
go and touch it, if you don't want to go, the buffalo will fall into the hole, don't you see,
what a stink of urine, you
really have to hurt your back,
what a stink, stink,
I knew that this would
happen, I am well prepared, I
caught this.
What is this? Don't bother putting it on.
How is there a way to turn any smell into a fragrance?
Now both of them are beating the banana together
. Just keep quiet and
endure it until you get to the hostel.
I'll take a shower when I get there. If you don't
take a bath, I'll cut you up and make you stink
.
This is the beginning of urine. Don't take it away, you
came and picked it up as if it were a flower that was put in a wooden box. My gold,
thank you, Shankar, my Krishna, not
us. They said thanks to those who said thanks. They all picked it up
with us.
Otherwise, you are of no use. You won't study.
You won't bathe. You won't have anything.
My son, you called Ashtu. Come, I have made biryani. So, we have fruit porridge for you. Put it on your head and go to sleep. Useless fellows, there is nothing to worry about now. Let's go and sleep. As Parath said, I have to put this engagement ring on my girl's
finger. But until then, let it rest on
my finger.
Ashtu, you came. Sir, I called you for biryani. I must have felt like it.
Tam, tam, tam.
[Music] Isn't this Ashtamritan's roommate?
What is this here? Tam,
tam, tam,
I have moved to some other hostel. What is this?
Girls' hostel? No, no When I
came to take admission, I had a doubt.
Now, I have to
do something quickly to confirm.
Sir, I'm singing a song here. I don't know how to
teach you. The song will be a hit. Come on, come on. What a
pity. This is a piece of
rat droppings. Shankara
Mahadeva is
not singing. Throw it here.
[Coughs] Your throat is sore. Don't
sing. Or
I'll kill you. I'll kill you. Gold and flowers, black and blue sand.
Kokkaka
Kazuthan. I'll see you in the eyes of Manini.
What is Ashtamriti's item dance here? Is he
so talented?
Sir, if you stop singing, he will become violent and
kill you. Then he grabbed me by the throat
. Isn't
it good that even though it was a day off,
how did this person get into the house? I
don't know. Didn't you
say that we entered a house to pluck flowers? He got a liberation and
that liberation is lying in my hands.
Look at which house did
you enter?
Why did you come and grab the vines?
Sir, after that garden, there is a
house that caught the eye. There were some flowers there.
Some plucked them. We will come and swim.
I am Pasumathi's house. Pasumathi's house is the
house where she died. Isn't that the rice that
makes biryani? Don't you remember
hearing the news on the news a month ago that a dancer named Vasumathi committed suicide? Come on, let's go.
Even to do a step in a song, that
girl also said that she needed a dance class. Didn't
some Pulambi go into the news and that's the same. She entered the
house and plucked
flowers. God, the one who took the ring from them is the one who threw them away. It's the same thing that they entered the house and plucked flowers. God, the one who
took the ring from them is the one who threw them away. It's the same thing that plagues them. They have become conformists and are
singing like them.
South and dance north, Kunchiyamma, Kunchi, the
children of Anjamanjoma, Kunchi, the children of Pancharavittu, the
name Kunchu, Panchara Kunchu, has come to be called,
now there is only one way,
let's call him, oh don't call him, tired of
calling him like that in all the ghost videos, there is no other
way,
Father,
Father Rosario, the new person, the old one, the name has
changed, the audience doesn't know, the one who called, the
Telugu song, Achandayi Chinnukaru, hello, father, you can't
come, I didn't say anything to that, you ca
n't come even if you say it [Music] Here,
some promotions of Raghu's family are
pending, can someone be sent
here, maybe
he will come,
only he can save you [Music]
Chakini Jaganitam Jaganitam Jaganitam Jaganitam
Correctly came Jagani Chakinitam Chakinitam Jaganitam Who is it,
Assalamu Alaikkum, we are the one the father
said Jamal [Music] Kizhambum
Kannale Kurathi Thazhambum Mayyale Let
me see your mangoes that you didn't see
Padachon Why are you walking here Kin
called you They sang here and said
something Come to us We need some corner We can eat
there We can eat
Oh Father said Basmati
rice has been prepared here Come and
eat
Basmati rice is not edible The
ghost that you called Deka Thullavan has gathered in his body Was it to get rid of
it Was it to get rid of it
quickly Was it to get rid of it
Padachon Basmati is not edible Basmati was
to get rid of it I heard wrong
We don't know any of this Even if it's some barota
beef We can stop eating it
Otherwise we can't eat it Ours How can you hide
this somehow Only if you get rid of it
We will make you biryani We will make that
Kuzhimanthi If you
read it We will
take the Himalayas and throw them away. Tell us which Halak is
this
Halak that is being used to get rid of this Halak. But if
you go and boil
water in a copper pot and put hot water in it, won't it be useful? Not for
that, but for getting rid of the plague, if you
put basmati rice in water now, this Basmati
will be ready. That Basmati Baba will be enough later. It won't shake even the Arabs. It doesn't
seem useful in the Arab world. When did the elder get this
jinn? After putting the ring on his hand, the old man should have
told me earlier. It's not a problem to take off that ring.
Elder, you should have sung a good Arabic song.
We will blow it now.
Halamathi Habibu Halamathi Mathi Antha Halamathi Habibu Halamathi Halamathi Habiba Alamathi What happened to
me?
You have a gangrene, show me the obvious signs, and
even give me a corn lamp to show me what happened.
We got the Kuncha Ashtam back.
Thank you very much, Ustad. I'm going to
stop teaching and start a Vala Ganamala troupe.
We've
seen all this so much. Let me read this old book and let me rest my
hands.
Okay, teacher, don't take the crocodile. The
warrior Halak's abilum, Kanji, in the
heart of the mind, there is a
beautiful
girl, a kinnare, a
girl who is a companion to tell a story,
Allimalarkili is beautiful, her beauty spreads her
smile.
