What's that? Subradia? No, Subradia. You can't even say what's in it. Papa? What? I don't know. How long has it been? I don't know. Where's the room? It's been a long time. Where's the room? Where's the room? What? I think it's been a long time since I've been here. I know! No, I'm not! It's been a long time since I've been here. I'm going to be a local girl. Daddy's back. Yay! You're the one who's back. Is it a friend or a... A gentleman? A gentleman. I don't know. No, I don't know. So, friends, what's your name? My friends are coming to me. They're going to tell me that I'm a girl. I'm going to be a girl. I'm going to be a girl. They're going to tell me that. Okay, I'll tell you. I'll tell you what's in it. It's simple. So, if you change your life, you'll change your life. What's the matter? You're not a girl, are you? Papa, what's going on? Good luck! Cheers! What's your plan? What's your plan? What's your plan? What's your plan? It's a A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A Have you heard of my dad No no He's been Lorraine's father Today she was raised over 2 children I can still watch even put you in my class favourite how have you shot over stand She murdered one child the thousand people the thousand people Coochie coochie ok coochie close up k Sul Pa If you can't hear them don't read a piece, You can film your music directly before theyohm up. What are you saying? If hisuber isn't French, I broke his head. We are really gonna could look as social contact This is not good, theurus they had time to editlink that is because they are not the agent? I'm really escalation. Who are these guys? Like maybe Tipu reds! Yeah... Then you see this in establishing yourfiend? Yes. Because a couple of bullies came for the price to save the iPhone. I'mologywhile playing the iPhone. Yes, truely. First I'll ask you something. How do you do it? Um, I'll ask mine. Iaine, you're Forsaken, I'm not big enough. Yes? Does this mean our parents can't help me? May I tell you, that you can't come back to our apartments? Oh yeah? You have to try it, SEllie. It was my first stop It's already Tarzan too Did you want to eat this with you? Oh unique chapter So I pre famous Father Now these are modularly fabricated Later they even crossover They are going to ask you for it You are Golden You're gonna have lunch with me, don't you have breakfast with me, don't you? Hey attention, attention, eat SS using supplies you can order mean of course, it's ready for Christmas, Donald, Good thought, I'm telling, I'm very smart! Do you want to see my bed? Once I show them his bed, where it is lying... ..inaFundable room in the refrigerator for that comfortable zone! So, how do we get gimbals? I don't know how to say it, but no more! Good!' So, the couch is green Vs, the armpits are pretty, itsJarma is rooms! You have to have a real episode I hope you enjoyed this video, and if you did, please like, comment and subscribe! Bye! Namaskar!