Hey, what's up guys and gals? This is Hey, what's up guys and gals? This is Hey, what's up guys and gals? This is for a review for the corrupts moon for a review for the corrupts moon for a review for the corrupts moon rocks. rocks. rocks. Um, so they come in this little thing Um, so they come in this little thing Um, so they come in this little thing here. here. here. Boom. Boom. Boom. Um, I got pictures that I'll put in Um, I got pictures that I'll put in Um, I got pictures that I'll put in right now. Um, so that's what they look like up Um, so that's what they look like up Um, so that's what they look like up close. One of these looks up like up close. One of these looks up like up close. One of these looks up like up close. close. close. Um, Um, Um, all I got to say is, okay, at first I all I got to say is, okay, at first I all I got to say is, okay, at first I was skeptical because I just kind of was skeptical because I just kind of was skeptical because I just kind of thought it was going to be thought it was going to be thought it was going to be um kind of covered up mediocre type um kind of covered up mediocre type um kind of covered up mediocre type stuff. But it's definitely one of those stuff. But it's definitely one of those stuff. But it's definitely one of those things for me cuz having a tolerance is things for me cuz having a tolerance is things for me cuz having a tolerance is that it creeps. that it creeps. that it creeps. Like um at first I was like, "Oh man." Like um at first I was like, "Oh man." Like um at first I was like, "Oh man." And then all of a sudden I was like, "Oh And then all of a sudden I was like, "Oh And then all of a sudden I was like, "Oh man." man." man." So, um, these things are a little bit on So, um, these things are a little bit on So, um, these things are a little bit on the expensive route because you probably the expensive route because you probably the expensive route because you probably you're going through a co-op. I doubt you're going through a co-op. I doubt you're going through a co-op. I doubt that the moon rocks they charge that that the moon rocks they charge that that the moon rocks they charge that much for them um through the actual much for them um through the actual much for them um through the actual through them themselves, but through my through them themselves, but through my through them themselves, but through my co-op it was like 30 bucks or a gram. co-op it was like 30 bucks or a gram. co-op it was like 30 bucks or a gram. So, So, So, honestly, here in California, a lot of honestly, here in California, a lot of honestly, here in California, a lot of people pay $20 a gram. And you know, people pay $20 a gram. And you know, people pay $20 a gram. And you know, there's a lot of people go, "Oh, no, I there's a lot of people go, "Oh, no, I there's a lot of people go, "Oh, no, I don't. No, I don't." [\h__\h] Because I don't. No, I don't." [\h__\h] Because I don't. No, I don't." [\h__\h] Because I mean, it's like I'll give you an mean, it's like I'll give you an mean, it's like I'll give you an example. It's like ice cream. Like, example. It's like ice cream. Like, example. It's like ice cream. Like, yeah, you can get you can go to any yeah, you can get you can go to any yeah, you can get you can go to any store and get ice cream, but you have to store and get ice cream, but you have to store and get ice cream, but you have to go to like BaskinRobins to get banana go to like BaskinRobins to get banana go to like BaskinRobins to get banana super fudged triple chocolate nut. So, super fudged triple chocolate nut. So, super fudged triple chocolate nut. So, you can't get that anywhere else. So, you can't get that anywhere else. So, you can't get that anywhere else. So, you have to go to that ice cream store. you have to go to that ice cream store. you have to go to that ice cream store. even though you could readily buy it at even though you could readily buy it at even though you could readily buy it at the you could buy ice cream itself at the you could buy ice cream itself at the you could buy ice cream itself at the grocery store for just a couple the grocery store for just a couple the grocery store for just a couple bucks. So that's kind of the same thing bucks. So that's kind of the same thing bucks. So that's kind of the same thing with this is you know you could pay the with this is you know you could pay the with this is you know you could pay the 30 bucks and you're going to have a good 30 bucks and you're going to have a good 30 bucks and you're going to have a good time. time. time. Um Um Um but I understand that it's this is like but I understand that it's this is like but I understand that it's this is like you know I talk a lot about the you know I talk a lot about the you know I talk a lot about the medicinal part of it but this is a party medicinal part of it but this is a party medicinal part of it but this is a party favor. Like this is like to have fun. favor. Like this is like to have fun. favor. Like this is like to have fun. Like I definitely we smoked some of this Like I definitely we smoked some of this Like I definitely we smoked some of this and like you know we had fun. We watched and like you know we had fun. We watched and like you know we had fun. We watched some movies and stuff and it was pretty some movies and stuff and it was pretty some movies and stuff and it was pretty good. It was relaxed and then you know good. It was relaxed and then you know good. It was relaxed and then you know it's one thing I like to preach about it's one thing I like to preach about it's one thing I like to preach about when I people have anxiety. The only when I people have anxiety. The only when I people have anxiety. The only thing I don't like is they don't tell thing I don't like is they don't tell thing I don't like is they don't tell you what the CO2 oil is or what the the you what the CO2 oil is or what the the you what the CO2 oil is or what the the actual keef is, which I kind of wish actual keef is, which I kind of wish actual keef is, which I kind of wish that they would just just because people that they would just just because people that they would just just because people some people will react with anxiety to some people will react with anxiety to some people will react with anxiety to sativas like different and this is sativas like different and this is sativas like different and this is pretty strong stuff especially I got pretty strong stuff especially I got pretty strong stuff especially I got tolerance but I am having you know I'm tolerance but I am having you know I'm tolerance but I am having you know I'm having a good time as they would say and having a good time as they would say and having a good time as they would say and um um um so anyways definitely if you have the so anyways definitely if you have the so anyways definitely if you have the extra money to try it out at these would extra money to try it out at these would extra money to try it out at these would be fun. Um, be fun. Um, be fun. Um, so anyways, I that's my review and I can so anyways, I that's my review and I can so anyways, I that's my review and I can tell you right now that um tell you right now that um tell you right now that um I'm not going to be able to finish the I'm not going to be able to finish the I'm not going to be able to finish the rest of that. rest of that. rest of that. Not tonight. Not tonight. Not tonight. But anyways, love piece of chicken But anyways, love piece of chicken But anyways, love piece of chicken grease.