Really? Really? Really? Yes, mom, I have to go.  [screaming] Yes, mom, I have to go.  [screaming] Yes, mom, I have to go.  [screaming] So I'm going to Mumbai to do a So I'm going to Mumbai to do a So I'm going to Mumbai to do a collab with the YouTubers.  I started making videos on YouTube in 2020 collab with the YouTubers.  I started making videos on YouTube in 2020 collab with the YouTubers.  I started making videos on YouTube in 2020 and look, and look, and look, in 2026, YouTube people finally in 2026, YouTube people finally in 2026, YouTube people finally called me to Mumbai.  Look, now I am going to Mumbai for three-four days. called me to Mumbai.  Look, now I am going to Mumbai for three-four days. called me to Mumbai.  Look, now I am going to Mumbai for three-four days. So So So a lot of preparations have to be done brother.  Packing almost a lot of preparations have to be done brother.  Packing almost a lot of preparations have to be done brother.  Packing almost done.  Nels Dunn.  But friend, what about the tanning of this face done.  Nels Dunn.  But friend, what about the tanning of this face done.  Nels Dunn.  But friend, what about the tanning of this face ?  It must be very hot in Mumbai.  I ?  It must be very hot in Mumbai.  I ?  It must be very hot in Mumbai.  I use this Dean face wash. use this Dean face wash. use this Dean face wash. Anyway, I really liked its viral Didon face pack. Anyway, I really liked its viral Didon face pack. Anyway, I really liked its viral Didon face pack. So I thought I should try its face wash also. So I thought I should try its face wash also. So I thought I should try its face wash also. Come, he is coming to the courtyard. Come, he is coming to the courtyard. Come, he is coming to the courtyard. Come. Come. Come. Mom has come, she has come.  See how much care mom is taking of me today.  The Mom has come, she has come.  See how much care mom is taking of me today.  The Mom has come, she has come.  See how much care mom is taking of me today.  The daughter is going to Mumbai. daughter is going to Mumbai. daughter is going to Mumbai. Let's eat and drink.  Now let's see if Let's eat and drink.  Now let's see if Let's eat and drink.  Now let's see if my face is shining or not. my face is shining or not. my face is shining or not. Brother, you look so fresh.  Now this Brother, you look so fresh.  Now this Brother, you look so fresh.  Now this face tanning has also reduced.  It seems that now face tanning has also reduced.  It seems that now face tanning has also reduced.  It seems that now only Sejal Gaba will shine in Mumbai.  Come on only Sejal Gaba will shine in Mumbai.  Come on only Sejal Gaba will shine in Mumbai.  Come on brother, run now otherwise you will be late for the flight. brother, run now otherwise you will be late for the flight. brother, run now otherwise you will be late for the flight. So meet them.  This is my lovely So meet them.  This is my lovely So meet them.  This is my lovely manager.  And finally I landed in the city of dreams, manager.  And finally I landed in the city of dreams, manager.  And finally I landed in the city of dreams, Mumbai.  Well, now I have set out into the streets of Mumbai to Mumbai.  Well, now I have set out into the streets of Mumbai to Mumbai.  Well, now I have set out into the streets of Mumbai to find Vada Pav.  See you in the find Vada Pav.  See you in the find Vada Pav.  See you in the next blogs from Mumbai