This street style chowmein can definitely be made at home. This street style chowmein can definitely be made at home. This street style chowmein can definitely be made at home. If you pay a little attention, I will get it If you pay a little attention, I will get it If you pay a little attention, I will get it ready by the time mom returns from Mokshu Park. ready by the time mom returns from Mokshu Park. ready by the time mom returns from Mokshu Park. Thinking about it, I took out noodles from the pantry Thinking about it, I took out noodles from the pantry Thinking about it, I took out noodles from the pantry which were made of healthy meat flour. which were made of healthy meat flour. which were made of healthy meat flour. Put salt and oil in hot water in a vessel and Put salt and oil in hot water in a vessel and Put salt and oil in hot water in a vessel and keep the noodles for 6-7 minutes. keep the noodles for 6-7 minutes. keep the noodles for 6-7 minutes. So I picked up colourful vegetables. So I picked up colourful vegetables. So I picked up colourful vegetables. And what is this, salvation has arrived.  Here I And what is this, salvation has arrived.  Here I And what is this, salvation has arrived.  Here I cut the vegetables.  On the other hand, Mokshu also picked up cut the vegetables.  On the other hand, Mokshu also picked up cut the vegetables.  On the other hand, Mokshu also picked up his knife.  The noodles were his knife.  The noodles were his knife.  The noodles were strained.  And first added ginger, garlic and chilli. strained.  And first added ginger, garlic and chilli. strained.  And first added ginger, garlic and chilli. Then added all the vegetables one by one.  And just do Then added all the vegetables one by one.  And just do Then added all the vegetables one by one.  And just do n't overcook the vegetables.  To n't overcook the vegetables.  To n't overcook the vegetables.  To keep it healthy, I skipped the soy sauce. keep it healthy, I skipped the soy sauce. keep it healthy, I skipped the soy sauce. Added chili sauce and tomato sauce.  Add salt, Added chili sauce and tomato sauce.  Add salt, Added chili sauce and tomato sauce.  Add salt, pepper and noodles and mix mix mix. pepper and noodles and mix mix mix. pepper and noodles and mix mix mix. And these spicy healthy And these spicy healthy And these spicy healthy noodles are ready.  When I noodles are ready.  When I noodles are ready.  When I heard praise from my family members, I became doubtful.  When I checked myself, I heard praise from my family members, I became doubtful.  When I checked myself, I heard praise from my family members, I became doubtful.  When I checked myself, I found out that you were praising me correctly.