Whenever you keep an eye on the milk, it never
boils. As soon as your eyes are removed,
boil the milk. Today he had gone to boil my milk.
Hello friends, welcome back to my channel.
How are you? Today is my little mini
blog. I was sweeping and mopping in the morning. It was
very late today.
Cleaning had not been done for a long time. In a
great way. I said, today I will mop the floor properly. It is a
summer day.
Nowadays we have to mop the floor every day.
I poured two caps of phenyl and started mopping every corner with the help of Pariya.
Rishi my daughter what are you doing mummy?
What are you doing? He said, I said Bittu, what are you
looking at, son? Look, I am mopping.
After that I had cleaned the outside.
My flowers were so good.
After breakfast, there were so many utensils left.
I quickly started washing the utensils.
And in a few taps I
made water and quickly washed the utensils.
Amma was asking from downstairs, what am I doing
? What is? I had placed a stand
outside. So Amma said what is this?
After that even the sisters did not wash the utensils.
Sister also started washing. Tanuja's
food was ready to be cooked here. Tanuja
was preparing Bhatt's offering today. After that, as it is getting
so hot these days, it is getting
so hot in a city like Pithora.
What will happen to the outside side? I have to take a bath every day.
Waking up in the morning means it is day time. I can't even
tell if I took a bath in the morning.
I took a bath and got ready. I was bitten by a
rat. Rat vegetable was prepared. The rat was
reduced in it. The rat had bitten me. I
thought it would reduce. I cut a potato into pieces
and took out six-seven chillies and first
added the chilli seasoning. Let some chilli
burn completely. I took out a little bit. Let it
remain there for a while. After that I
added ratchua, vegetables and salt, turmeric and chilli are
rarely added in it and I
added home ground spices, I stirred coriander in it for
a while and kept it on rest,
after that it was cooked, Mummy said make tea, I
made tea for Mummy as well and
what can I say about Rishhu's tantrums, she has so many tantrums,
then I went to school and
brought my son from school and also for Rishhu,
how did you like today's mini blog
