Whenever you keep an eye on the milk, it never Whenever you keep an eye on the milk, it never Whenever you keep an eye on the milk, it never boils.  As soon as your eyes are removed, boils.  As soon as your eyes are removed, boils.  As soon as your eyes are removed, boil the milk.  Today he had gone to boil my milk. boil the milk.  Today he had gone to boil my milk. boil the milk.  Today he had gone to boil my milk. Hello friends, welcome back to my channel. Hello friends, welcome back to my channel. Hello friends, welcome back to my channel. How are you?  Today is my little mini How are you?  Today is my little mini How are you?  Today is my little mini blog.  I was sweeping and mopping in the morning.  It was blog.  I was sweeping and mopping in the morning.  It was blog.  I was sweeping and mopping in the morning.  It was very late today. very late today. very late today. Cleaning had not been done for a long time.   In a Cleaning had not been done for a long time.   In a Cleaning had not been done for a long time.   In a great way.  I said, today I will mop the floor properly.  It is a great way.  I said, today I will mop the floor properly.  It is a great way.  I said, today I will mop the floor properly.  It is a summer day. summer day. summer day. Nowadays we have to mop the floor every day. Nowadays we have to mop the floor every day. Nowadays we have to mop the floor every day. I poured two caps of phenyl and started mopping every corner with the help of Pariya. I poured two caps of phenyl and started mopping every corner with the help of Pariya. Rishi my daughter what are you doing mummy? Rishi my daughter what are you doing mummy? Rishi my daughter what are you doing mummy? What are you doing?  He said, I said Bittu, what are you What are you doing?  He said, I said Bittu, what are you What are you doing?  He said, I said Bittu, what are you looking at, son?  Look, I am mopping. looking at, son?  Look, I am mopping. looking at, son?  Look, I am mopping. After that I had cleaned the outside. After that I had cleaned the outside. After that I had cleaned the outside. My flowers were so good. My flowers were so good. My flowers were so good. After breakfast, there were so many utensils left. After breakfast, there were so many utensils left. After breakfast, there were so many utensils left. I quickly started washing the utensils. I quickly started washing the utensils. I quickly started washing the utensils. And in a few taps I And in a few taps I And in a few taps I made water and quickly washed the utensils. made water and quickly washed the utensils. made water and quickly washed the utensils. Amma was asking from downstairs, what am I doing Amma was asking from downstairs, what am I doing Amma was asking from downstairs, what am I doing ?  What is?  I had placed a stand ?  What is?  I had placed a stand ?  What is?  I had placed a stand outside.  So Amma said what is this? outside.  So Amma said what is this? outside.  So Amma said what is this? After that even the sisters did not wash the utensils. After that even the sisters did not wash the utensils. After that even the sisters did not wash the utensils. Sister also started washing.  Tanuja's Sister also started washing.  Tanuja's Sister also started washing.  Tanuja's food was ready to be cooked here.  Tanuja food was ready to be cooked here.  Tanuja food was ready to be cooked here.  Tanuja was preparing Bhatt's offering today.  After that, as it is getting was preparing Bhatt's offering today.  After that, as it is getting was preparing Bhatt's offering today.  After that, as it is getting so hot these days, it is getting so hot these days, it is getting so hot these days, it is getting so hot in a city like Pithora. so hot in a city like Pithora. so hot in a city like Pithora. What will happen to the outside side?  I have to take a bath every day. What will happen to the outside side?  I have to take a bath every day. What will happen to the outside side?  I have to take a bath every day. Waking up in the morning means it is day time.   I can't even Waking up in the morning means it is day time.   I can't even Waking up in the morning means it is day time.   I can't even tell if I took a bath in the morning. tell if I took a bath in the morning. tell if I took a bath in the morning. I took a bath and got ready.  I was bitten by a I took a bath and got ready.  I was bitten by a I took a bath and got ready.  I was bitten by a rat.  Rat vegetable was prepared.  The rat was rat.  Rat vegetable was prepared.  The rat was rat.  Rat vegetable was prepared.  The rat was reduced in it.  The rat had bitten me.  I reduced in it.  The rat had bitten me.  I reduced in it.  The rat had bitten me.  I thought it would reduce.  I cut a potato into pieces thought it would reduce.  I cut a potato into pieces thought it would reduce.  I cut a potato into pieces and took out six-seven chillies and first and took out six-seven chillies and first and took out six-seven chillies and first added the chilli seasoning.  Let some chilli added the chilli seasoning.  Let some chilli added the chilli seasoning.  Let some chilli burn completely.  I took out a little bit.  Let it burn completely.  I took out a little bit.  Let it burn completely.  I took out a little bit.  Let it remain there for a while.  After that I remain there for a while.  After that I remain there for a while.  After that I added ratchua, vegetables and salt, turmeric and chilli are added ratchua, vegetables and salt, turmeric and chilli are added ratchua, vegetables and salt, turmeric and chilli are rarely added in it and I rarely added in it and I rarely added in it and I added home ground spices, I stirred coriander in it for added home ground spices, I stirred coriander in it for added home ground spices, I stirred coriander in it for a while and kept it on rest, a while and kept it on rest, a while and kept it on rest, after that it was cooked, Mummy said make tea, I after that it was cooked, Mummy said make tea, I after that it was cooked, Mummy said make tea, I made tea for Mummy as well and made tea for Mummy as well and made tea for Mummy as well and what can I say about Rishhu's tantrums, she has so many tantrums, what can I say about Rishhu's tantrums, she has so many tantrums, what can I say about Rishhu's tantrums, she has so many tantrums, then I went to school and then I went to school and then I went to school and brought my son from school and also for Rishhu, brought my son from school and also for Rishhu, brought my son from school and also for Rishhu, how did you like today's mini blog