This is a tea with sugar gum.   The interviewee This is a tea with sugar gum.   The interviewee This is a tea with sugar gum.   The interviewee selected by the interviewer will get a selected by the interviewer will get a selected by the interviewer will get a monthly salary of 15,000.  I'll give you two teas. monthly salary of 15,000.  I'll give you two teas. monthly salary of 15,000.  I'll give you two teas. What two tea guys, What two tea guys, What two tea guys, do you know who this guy is?  If he had studied with us, he would have been a do you know who this guy is?  If he had studied with us, he would have been a do you know who this guy is?  If he had studied with us, he would have been a good student back then. He would have good student back then. He would have good student back then. He would have come here to have tea and come here to have tea and come here to have tea and work in the IT sector like us work in the IT sector like us work in the IT sector like us .  Good job, I'm not even going to be .  Good job, I'm not even going to be .  Good job, I'm not even going to be friends with him.  Otherwise, what would have been my situation friends with him.  Otherwise, what would have been my situation friends with him.  Otherwise, what would have been my situation ?  What are you doing ?  What are you doing ?  What are you doing ?  I have no money to work in the shop ?  I have no money to work in the shop ?  I have no money to work in the shop .  That's why they are looking for a .  That's why they are looking for a .  That's why they are looking for a tea master, salary 40,000 rupees. tea master, salary 40,000 rupees. tea master, salary 40,000 rupees. Tell me, sir, there are two people Tell me, sir, there are two people Tell me, sir, there are two people asking for tea. Look, I'll put this up and see how much it costs. asking for tea. Look, I'll put this up and see how much it costs. asking for tea. Look, I'll put this up and see how much it costs. Hello, sir.