Hi everyone and welcome to Hi everyone and welcome to Hi everyone and welcome to a new YouTube video.  I'm currently just a new YouTube video.  I'm currently just a new YouTube video.  I'm currently just in Croatia.  Yes, we just in Croatia.  Yes, we just in Croatia.  Yes, we just arrived a minute arrived a minute arrived a minute or 10 seconds ago, I don't know. or 10 seconds ago, I don't know. or 10 seconds ago, I don't know. Anyway, we just Anyway, we just Anyway, we just drove for 15 hours and we drove for 15 hours and we drove for 15 hours and we briefly went back on the ship and everything, and briefly went back on the ship and everything, and briefly went back on the ship and everything, and the videos will all be the videos will all be the videos will all be displayed here in a moment, right?  No displayed here in a moment, right?  No displayed here in a moment, right?  No worries.  In any case, we're here now worries.  In any case, we're here now worries.  In any case, we're here now and we'll be staying here for a week. and we'll be staying here for a week. and we'll be staying here for a week. I was actually in Mallorca yesterday. I was actually in Mallorca yesterday. I was actually in Mallorca yesterday. Yes, and then I flew back and Yes, and then I flew back and Yes, and then I flew back and then we drove straight here. then we drove straight here. then we drove straight here. We've been driving all night We've been driving all night We've been driving all night and yeah, it's really awesome.  My mother and and yeah, it's really awesome.  My mother and and yeah, it's really awesome.  My mother and stepfather are currently stepfather are currently stepfather are currently at this registration point, or whatever it's called, to at this registration point, or whatever it's called, to get some wristbands and stuff, and I'm still get some wristbands and stuff, and I'm still get some wristbands and stuff, and I'm still in the camper.  Absolutely fantastic. in the camper.  Absolutely fantastic. in the camper.  Absolutely fantastic. I'm really excited and I'm going to I'm really excited and I'm going to I'm really excited and I'm going to take this with me all week.  My take this with me all week.  My take this with me all week.  My YouTube video from Mallorca is YouTube video from Mallorca is YouTube video from Mallorca is already online, so feel free to check it out already online, so feel free to check it out already online, so feel free to check it out .  It turned out really, really cool .  It turned out really, really cool .  It turned out really, really cool .  Um, yes, that's what the thumbnail looks like, .  Um, yes, that's what the thumbnail looks like, .  Um, yes, that's what the thumbnail looks like, and I'm definitely looking forward and I'm definitely looking forward and I'm definitely looking forward to Croatia now. to Croatia now. to Croatia now. I'm here now too, and it's I'm here now too, and it's I'm here now too, and it's looking really good so far looking really good so far looking really good so far .  It's 10 o'clock and it's already .  It's 10 o'clock and it's already .  It's 10 o'clock and it's already almost 30°C.  Cool.  I'll definitely almost 30°C.  Cool.  I'll definitely almost 30°C.  Cool.  I'll definitely take you with me, and the cool thing take you with me, and the cool thing take you with me, and the cool thing is, I'm just sleeping here in the camper, is, I'm just sleeping here in the camper, is, I'm just sleeping here in the camper, and my stepdad and my and my stepdad and my and my stepdad and my mom have a room like this, mom have a room like this, mom have a room like this, not in a hotel, but just a place. not in a hotel, but just a place. not in a hotel, but just a place. I'll show you the thing.  I'll show you I'll show you the thing.  I'll show you I'll show you the thing.  I'll show you this thing.  Yes, I'm definitely looking forward to it this thing.  Yes, I'm definitely looking forward to it this thing.  Yes, I'm definitely looking forward to it and I'll take you all along with me the whole and I'll take you all along with me the whole and I'll take you all along with me the whole time. time. time. Guys, we're just out on Guys, we're just out on Guys, we're just out on the road right now and I'm so incredibly excited the road right now and I'm so incredibly excited the road right now and I'm so incredibly excited about Croatia.  Actually, about Croatia.  Actually, about Croatia.  Actually, we're already there a little earlier.  I'm currently we're already there a little earlier.  I'm currently we're already there a little earlier.  I'm currently here in the camper and he's down here here in the camper and he's down here here in the camper and he's down here in the ship, so to in the ship, so to in the ship, so to speak, because you go upstairs speak, because you go upstairs speak, because you go upstairs and then you can sit down up there and then you can sit down up there and then you can sit down up there or get something to snack on or get something to snack on or get something to snack on .   That's what .   That's what .   That's what my mother said.  But I've stayed my mother said.  But I've stayed my mother said.  But I've stayed here just for a moment because here just for a moment because here just for a moment because I wanted to show you something cool, I wanted to show you something cool, I wanted to show you something cool, namely the DJ Why Pocket.  And guys, namely the DJ Why Pocket.  And guys, namely the DJ Why Pocket.  And guys, how cool does she look?  So take a look at this how cool does she look?  So take a look at this how cool does she look?  So take a look at this . . . Here you can zoom in and out.  Here Here you can zoom in and out.  Here Here you can zoom in and out.  Here is the start button, so it's easy to start filming is the start button, so it's easy to start filming is the start button, so it's easy to start filming .  And this is what it looks like from the back .  And this is what it looks like from the back .  And this is what it looks like from the back .  Um, we also received a few things, .  Um, we also received a few things, .  Um, we also received a few things, and I'll briefly introduce them to you now and I'll briefly introduce them to you now and I'll briefly introduce them to you now . . . So, I also received the camera So, I also received the camera So, I also received the camera and a large and a large and a large power bank.  So, you can power bank.  So, you can power bank.  So, you can just attach them here, and it's just attach them here, and it's just attach them here, and it's super easy. And if you super easy. And if you super easy. And if you want to remove them, you just press want to remove them, you just press want to remove them, you just press this button and then you this button and then you this button and then you simply detach them.  But guys, there isn't simply detach them.  But guys, there isn't simply detach them.  But guys, there isn't just a large power bank, there's also just a large power bank, there's also just a large power bank, there's also a small one, for example, if you want to fit it more easily into a small one, for example, if you want to fit it more easily into a small one, for example, if you want to fit it more easily into your bag and it should your bag and it should your bag and it should n't be so big.  Um, and I do n't be so big.  Um, and I do n't be so big.  Um, and I do n't know, maybe you're just n't know, maybe you're just n't know, maybe you're just taking photos or something.  Then it's definitely absolutely taking photos or something.  Then it's definitely absolutely taking photos or something.  Then it's definitely absolutely perfect.  Um, perfect.  Um, perfect.  Um, you can also you can also you can also make videos with this, guys.  The storage capacity is perfectly sufficient for that make videos with this, guys.  The storage capacity is perfectly sufficient for that make videos with this, guys.  The storage capacity is perfectly sufficient for that .  What you also .  What you also .  What you also get is this beautiful Osmo get is this beautiful Osmo get is this beautiful Osmo bag, and I think it's really, bag, and I think it's really, bag, and I think it's really, really beautiful.  I find that really beautiful.  I find that really beautiful.  I find that really practical, so that the camera is really practical, so that the camera is really practical, so that the camera is always well stowed away.  I always well stowed away.  I always well stowed away.  I always put the camera and the two always put the camera and the two always put the camera and the two power banks in there, and then you get another power banks in there, and then you get another power banks in there, and then you get another bag.  For example, I'll put bag.  For example, I'll put bag.  For example, I'll put the tripod in here now, and I the tripod in here now, and I the tripod in here now, and I not only received these items, not only received these items, not only received these items, but I'll show you but I'll show you but I'll show you the next ones now.  I think this is so cool and the next ones now.  I think this is so cool and the next ones now.  I think this is so cool and I didn't know it existed, because I didn't know it existed, because I didn't know it existed, because I've always wanted this camera I've always wanted this camera I've always wanted this camera and now I finally have it, and now I finally have it, and now I finally have it, guys, and it comes with such a guys, and it comes with such a guys, and it comes with such a handy light and I'll show you handy light and I'll show you handy light and I'll show you very briefly how to attach it very briefly how to attach it very briefly how to attach it to the camera.  So, you to the camera.  So, you to the camera.  So, you have to unfold this like this have to unfold this like this have to unfold this like this and then you'll see these and then you'll see these and then you'll see these things here.  Do you see them?  And you can see them things here.  Do you see them?  And you can see them things here.  Do you see them?  And you can see them safely on camera here too.  And then safely on camera here too.  And then safely on camera here too.  And then you can just clip it on, and you can just clip it on, and you can just clip it on, and then when you have the camera, you can then when you have the camera, you can then when you have the camera, you can simply bend it.  Do you get it?  And simply bend it.  Do you get it?  And simply bend it.  Do you get it?  And then you can film it like this, and then then you can film it like this, and then then you can film it like this, and then you turn on the light here.  Above all, this you turn on the light here.  Above all, this you turn on the light here.  Above all, this quality is simply amazing.  So I quality is simply amazing.  So I quality is simply amazing.  So I promise.  She's so awesome.  Guys, I do promise.  She's so awesome.  Guys, I do promise.  She's so awesome.  Guys, I do n't want to talk too much either.  I'm definitely going to change my clothes n't want to talk too much either.  I'm definitely going to change my clothes n't want to talk too much either.  I'm definitely going to change my clothes now now now and then we'll go back up to the and then we'll go back up to the and then we'll go back up to the ferry. So guys, I'm definitely So guys, I'm definitely So guys, I'm definitely in this dorm right now, like I in this dorm right now, like I in this dorm right now, like I told you about before, and I'm going to show it to you told you about before, and I'm going to show it to you told you about before, and I'm going to show it to you really quickly here really quickly here really quickly here .  There was a chair and a .  There was a chair and a .  There was a chair and a clothes rack here. clothes rack here. clothes rack here. Then there's a cabinet here.  It's all Then there's a cabinet here.  It's all Then there's a cabinet here.  It's all a bit messy, folks.  We feel like we just got in a bit messy, folks.  We feel like we just got in .  There are two beds here .  There are two beds here .  There are two beds here .  There are still some cabinets there.  Here is .  There are still some cabinets there.  Here is .  There are still some cabinets there.  Here is a small cabinet.  Seating area for a small cabinet.  Seating area for a small cabinet.  Seating area for eating.  There are things like a kettle eating.  There are things like a kettle eating.  There are things like a kettle and a coffee machine. and a coffee machine. and a coffee machine. Here's a small kitchen and a Here's a small kitchen and a Here's a small kitchen and a refrigerator, refrigerator, refrigerator, and here's actually just a and here's actually just a and here's actually just a small bathroom and a shower, luckily small bathroom and a shower, luckily small bathroom and a shower, luckily because I have, well, I also have because I have, well, I also have because I have, well, I also have a shower in the camper, because it's a shower in the camper, because it's a shower in the camper, because it's really funny, you just open the really funny, you just open the really funny, you just open the door and I sleep in that door and I sleep in that door and I sleep in that thing.  I'll just sleep at the camp.   Do thing.  I'll just sleep at the camp.   Do thing.  I'll just sleep at the camp.   Do you know how awesome that is?  I'll show you know how awesome that is?  I'll show you know how awesome that is?  I'll show you later what it's like there you later what it's like there you later what it's like there .  We .  We .  We always have breakfast out here on the terrace.  We always have breakfast out here on the terrace.  We always have breakfast out here on the terrace.  We also went driving under the beach and that was also went driving under the beach and that was also went driving under the beach and that was really awesome too.  So guys, do really awesome too.  So guys, do really awesome too.  So guys, do n't get it and n't get it and n't get it and yeah, it's definitely good that we yeah, it's definitely good that we yeah, it's definitely good that we have a shower here and I, I can see have a shower here and I, I can see have a shower here and I, I can see it right now guys, I'm really it right now guys, I'm really it right now guys, I'm really sunburned. I wanted to show you again anyway.  Do I wanted to show you again anyway.  Do I wanted to show you again anyway.  Do you see that? you see that? you see that? Yes, I'm a little bit wiped out.   We Yes, I'm a little bit wiped out.   We Yes, I'm a little bit wiped out.   We were just out for a bite to eat and they were were just out for a bite to eat and they were were just out for a bite to eat and they were at a bar because we had at a bar because we had at a bar because we had briefly gone shopping for them, as we had briefly gone shopping for them, as we had forgotten to bring butter and eggs, so forgotten to bring butter and eggs, so forgotten to bring butter and eggs, so we quickly bought some.  I just went we quickly bought some.  I just went we quickly bought some.  I just went up on the roller skis and did that briefly in the up on the roller skis and did that briefly in the up on the roller skis and did that briefly in the fridge, but I'm going back fridge, but I'm going back fridge, but I'm going back down now because I'm just down now because I'm just down now because I'm just going to that bar there and then going to that bar there and then going to that bar there and then we'll go back here and have a look we'll go back here and have a look we'll go back here and have a look .  I'll definitely show you what .  I'll definitely show you what .  I'll definitely show you what the camper looks like the camper looks like the camper looks like inside later, because it's really inside later, because it's really inside later, because it's really cozy.  I really love him.  It cozy.  I really love him.  It cozy.  I really love him.  It 's really awesome to spend the night up there. 's really awesome to spend the night up there. 's really awesome to spend the night up there. So you guys don't get it.  Um, yeah, I do So you guys don't get it.  Um, yeah, I do So you guys don't get it.  Um, yeah, I do n't want to talk too much now and I'll see you later n't want to talk too much now and I'll see you later n't want to talk too much now and I'll see you later .  [music] So guys, I'm definitely So guys, I'm definitely So guys, I'm definitely already in our camper.  How cozy is already in our camper.  How cozy is already in our camper.  How cozy is that?!  So here's that?!  So here's that?!  So here's my nice little couch, right?  So, in my nice little couch, right?  So, in my nice little couch, right?  So, in my little bed, there's a light.  I'm going to watch my little bed, there's a light.  I'm going to watch my little bed, there's a light.  I'm going to watch a little something else now a little something else now a little something else now . . . Then it continues like this, and come on, I'll stand up Then it continues like this, and come on, I'll stand up Then it continues like this, and come on, I'll stand up for you guys.  I'll be for you guys.  I'll be for you guys.  I'll be honest. honest. honest. We'll drive here, and this We'll drive here, and this We'll drive here, and this is the corner where I keep my is the corner where I keep my is the corner where I keep my things, like things, like things, like beach books and stuff, my camera equipment, beach books and stuff, my camera equipment, beach books and stuff, my camera equipment, my makeup, and so on.  There are my makeup, and so on.  There are my makeup, and so on.  There are towels inside.  Here is my small towels inside.  Here is my small towels inside.  Here is my small kitchen.  Refrigerator is of course full. kitchen.  Refrigerator is of course full. kitchen.  Refrigerator is of course full. Guys, Guys, Guys, my snacks are my snacks are my snacks are really awesome.  I have really awesome.  I have really awesome.  I have even more snacks under my bed, guys.  So chill. even more snacks under my bed, guys.  So chill. even more snacks under my bed, guys.  So chill. I thought that was totally awesome. I thought that was totally awesome. I thought that was totally awesome. P then I just think that's what it looks like.   Absolutely awesome .  And here I have my .  And here I have my .  And here I have my own little bathroom.  Down here I can own little bathroom.  Down here I can own little bathroom.  Down here I can roll out my shower, and roll out my shower, and roll out my shower, and here is my sink, here is my sink, here is my sink, and here is my lock, and here and here is my lock, and here and here is my lock, and here I keep all my things.  Yes, guys, but the I keep all my things.  Yes, guys, but the I keep all my things.  Yes, guys, but the showers are mainly for showers are mainly for showers are mainly for those people over there, because there those people over there, because there those people over there, because there 's a big shower there. 's a big shower there. 's a big shower there. My little fan is running here too, but it My little fan is running here too, but it My little fan is running here too, but it 's actually not that warm.  I don't even 's actually not that warm.  I don't even 's actually not that warm.  I don't even know why I'm wearing it. know why I'm wearing it. know why I'm wearing it. Um, well, it's not so cold at night, it's around Um, well, it's not so cold at night, it's around Um, well, it's not so cold at night, it's around 30°C, 30°C, 30°C, so chill.  I love my life.  I definitely so chill.  I love my life.  I definitely so chill.  I love my life.  I definitely want to want to want to watch a little more of my series now, and yes, good watch a little more of my series now, and yes, good watch a little more of my series now, and yes, good morning my dear people.  It's day 2 morning my dear people.  It's day 2 morning my dear people.  It's day 2 and I'm starting to feel like a and I'm starting to feel like a and I'm starting to feel like a real camper, guys.  Yes, I definitely already had some real camper, guys.  Yes, I definitely already had some real camper, guys.  Yes, I definitely already had some breakfast at the front. breakfast at the front. breakfast at the front. I'll show you the I'll show you the I'll show you the breakfast here.   Ta-da breakfast here.   Ta-da breakfast here.   Ta-da ! ! ! And I've already been up front once, And I've already been up front once, And I've already been up front once, because I met him, guys. because I met him, guys. because I met him, guys. And we were just chatting And we were just chatting And we were just chatting and now I've come back and now I've come back and now I've come back and now it's started to and now it's started to and now it's started to rain and my parents are just chilling over there rain and my parents are just chilling over there rain and my parents are just chilling over there without me in the house. without me in the house. without me in the house. I can show you that sometime.   They're over there .  Do you see that in that .  Do you see that in that .  Do you see that in that house?  No, in that one.   Do house?  No, in that one.   Do house?  No, in that one.   Do you see that?  And that's without me.  I'm you see that?  And that's without me.  I'm you see that?  And that's without me.  I'm here in the camper now, but guys, I think it's here in the camper now, but guys, I think it's here in the camper now, but guys, I think it's cooler.  I now have my little cooler.  I now have my little cooler.  I now have my little kitchen and I'm going to make some matches kitchen and I'm going to make some matches kitchen and I'm going to make some matches and I'm definitely going to watch something and I'm definitely going to watch something and I'm definitely going to watch something really cozy on my iPad really cozy on my iPad really cozy on my iPad in my corner.  Let me show you in my corner.  Let me show you in my corner.  Let me show you .  Wait here, it's really nice, .  Wait here, it's really nice, .  Wait here, it's really nice, I'm going to watch something really cool on my iPad now.  And it's still I'm going to watch something really cool on my iPad now.  And it's still I'm going to watch something really cool on my iPad now.  And it's still raining so beautifully up here.  I think that's raining so beautifully up here.  I think that's raining so beautifully up here.  I think that's so awesome and I'm going to have some so awesome and I'm going to have some so awesome and I'm going to have some crumb cake or muesli right now.  I do crumb cake or muesli right now.  I do crumb cake or muesli right now.  I do n't know yet, but definitely n't know yet, but definitely n't know yet, but definitely matcha, and I'm making it now, and then matcha, and I'm making it now, and then matcha, and I'm making it now, and then we'll see again soon.  Guys, I'm just going to have a great time watching we'll see again soon.  Guys, I'm just going to have a great time watching we'll see again soon.  Guys, I'm just going to have a great time watching my my my series right now.  I don't even know her series right now.  I don't even know her series right now.  I don't even know her name.  What's her name again? name.  What's her name again? name.  What's her name again? I think everyone remembers these from back in the day I think everyone remembers these from back in the day I think everyone remembers these from back in the day .  Oh, connection.  This Sam .  Oh, connection.  This Sam .  Oh, connection.  This Sam and Cat thing is really old, but and Cat thing is really old, but and Cat thing is really old, but I just really felt like watching it I just really felt like watching it I just really felt like watching it again, [snorting] because again, [snorting] because again, [snorting] because I've watched everything.  Can you I've watched everything.  Can you I've watched everything.  Can you give me some ideas?  Oh, let's go out for give me some ideas?  Oh, let's go out for give me some ideas?  Oh, let's go out for dinner tonight too.  I think it's dinner tonight too.  I think it's dinner tonight too.  I think it's really awesome here.  I've really awesome here.  I've really awesome here.  I've already met a girlfriend, as already met a girlfriend, as already met a girlfriend, as I mentioned, but now I'm going to I mentioned, but now I'm going to I mentioned, but now I'm going to watch my series first.  OK.  OK. Guys, we'll talk again sometime.  I just took a Guys, we'll talk again sometime.  I just took a Guys, we'll talk again sometime.  I just took a shower.  This is my outfit shower.  This is my outfit shower.  This is my outfit right now.  Pajamas.  There's Mom.  She's right now.  Pajamas.  There's Mom.  She's right now.  Pajamas.  There's Mom.  She's making me noodles right here. Hi guys, it's day 3, Hi guys, it's day 3, Hi guys, it's day 3, I've had breakfast and this is I've had breakfast and this is I've had breakfast and this is my outfit.  Just some linen trousers, my outfit.  Just some linen trousers, my outfit.  Just some linen trousers, shorts and a top, shorts and a top, shorts and a top, and I'm going to quickly wash up now and I'm going to quickly wash up now and I'm going to quickly wash up now and we're going down to and we're going down to and we're going down to play volleyball and then to the beach, because it play volleyball and then to the beach, because it play volleyball and then to the beach, because it 's really warm today.  It's going to be 's really warm today.  It's going to be 's really warm today.  It's going to be almost 40° today and we're going to almost 40° today and we're going to almost 40° today and we're going to rent a stand-up paddleboard because it rent a stand-up paddleboard because it rent a stand-up paddleboard because it 's really awesome and yeah, we'll see, 's really awesome and yeah, we'll see, 's really awesome and yeah, we'll see, it'll be fine.  I'm really looking forward to it, guys, it'll be fine.  I'm really looking forward to it, guys, it'll be fine.  I'm really looking forward to it, guys, and we're going to the and we're going to the and we're going to the beach now, and I'm taking you with me. beach now, and I'm taking you with me. beach now, and I'm taking you with me. Guys, we're at the beach now and I'm just going to Guys, we're at the beach now and I'm just going to Guys, we're at the beach now and I'm just going to put our hammock down here.   It put our hammock down here.   It put our hammock down here.   It 's really awesome.  Let me show you what 's really awesome.  Let me show you what 's really awesome.  Let me show you what it looks like here.  So, it looks like here.  So, it looks like here.  So, here is our hammock.  There's my here is our hammock.  There's my here is our hammock.  There's my scooter, and then there's the sea. scooter, and then there's the sea. scooter, and then there's the sea. Look how awesome it looks with the Look how awesome it looks with the Look how awesome it looks with the mountains.  Okay, guys, I'm back inside now mountains.  Okay, guys, I'm back inside now mountains.  Okay, guys, I'm back inside now and I just changed my clothes and I just changed my clothes and I just changed my clothes .  Guys, what do you think of the .  Guys, what do you think of the .  Guys, what do you think of the dress?  I think it's awesome that it's dress?  I think it's awesome that it's dress?  I think it's awesome that it's even backless back here. even backless back here. even backless back here. Can I just pull it over my bikini Can I just pull it over my bikini Can I just pull it over my bikini and I'm going back down and I'm going back down and I'm going back down to the beach now, because I've just been here for to the beach now, because I've just been here for to the beach now, because I've just been here for an hour eating, watching a an hour eating, watching a an hour eating, watching a little TV, and using my phone?  Exactly, but little TV, and using my phone?  Exactly, but little TV, and using my phone?  Exactly, but now I'm definitely going back down now I'm definitely going back down now I'm definitely going back down and yes. Guys, uh, I'm checking in again now Guys, uh, I'm checking in again now Guys, uh, I'm checking in again now .  I didn't .  I didn't .  I didn't talk much all day, except at the talk much all day, except at the talk much all day, except at the beach downstairs.  We were definitely just beach downstairs.  We were definitely just beach downstairs.  We were definitely just in the town next door, because in the town next door, because in the town next door, because we're currently on every island and we're currently on every island and we're currently on every island and there's this town over there and there's this town over there and there's this town over there and we went there by taxi boat. we went there by taxi boat. we went there by taxi boat. I filmed all of this for you, um, as I filmed all of this for you, um, as I filmed all of this for you, um, as you could just see, and we you could just see, and we you could just see, and we also ate something and went to a also ate something and went to a also ate something and went to a few shops.  I don't know if I few shops.  I don't know if I few shops.  I don't know if I filmed that, but I don't think so filmed that, but I don't think so filmed that, but I don't think so .  And now I'll show you what cool thing .  And now I'll show you what cool thing .  And now I'll show you what cool thing I bought.  First I got I bought.  First I got I bought.  First I got myself a pair of glasses, then Mom myself a pair of glasses, then Mom myself a pair of glasses, then Mom bought herself a pair of glasses, then we... bought herself a pair of glasses, then we... bought herself a pair of glasses, then we... I'll show you the most I'll show you the most I'll show you the most boring things first.  Just a boring things first.  Just a boring things first.  Just a magnet, because we always buy those. magnet, because we always buy those. magnet, because we always buy those. These are Mom's glasses.  She's made These are Mom's glasses.  She's made These are Mom's glasses.  She's made a million million here, but a million million here, but a million million here, but unfortunately, there's no such thing as a fake, folks.  Real.  And unfortunately, there's no such thing as a fake, folks.  Real.  And unfortunately, there's no such thing as a fake, folks.  Real.  And I also got myself a really cool pair of glasses I also got myself a really cool pair of glasses I also got myself a really cool pair of glasses from Mio M.  And I don't know what from Mio M.  And I don't know what from Mio M.  And I don't know what you think of them?  I'll wind them up now you think of them?  I'll wind them up now you think of them?  I'll wind them up now .  Wait a moment. .  Wait a moment. .  Wait a moment. One second. So, what do you think of them?  I think it has something about it, So, what do you think of them?  I think it has something about it, So, what do you think of them?  I think it has something about it, just a just a just a small mirror here, but I definitely think it's small mirror here, but I definitely think it's small mirror here, but I definitely think it's cool. We got those too, and there were We got those too, and there were We got those too, and there were just things like Nedles, those squeeze things, just things like Nedles, those squeeze things, just things like Nedles, those squeeze things, there was everything.  There were fat dumplings, there was everything.  There were fat dumplings, there was everything.  There were fat dumplings, there were small dumplings.  There were there were small dumplings.  There were there were small dumplings.  There were these shooting things. these shooting things. these shooting things. Butter that you can knead, fat Butter that you can knead, fat Butter that you can knead, fat avocados, strawberries, blueberries, everything. avocados, strawberries, blueberries, everything. avocados, strawberries, blueberries, everything. And I chose such an awesome jellyfish And I chose such an awesome jellyfish And I chose such an awesome jellyfish .  Guys, how awesome, .  Guys, how awesome, .  Guys, how awesome, how awesome is that? how awesome is that? how awesome is that? I'm definitely going to sleep now because it's almost I'm definitely going to sleep now because it's almost I'm definitely going to sleep now because it's almost 11 pm 11 pm 11 pm and I'd say we'll see each other and I'd say we'll see each other and I'd say we'll see each other again tomorrow.  Bye.  Good night, everyone. again tomorrow.  Bye.  Good night, everyone. again tomorrow.  Bye.  Good night, everyone. It is the next day.  We're It is the next day.  We're It is the next day.  We're already at the beach and have brought the chairs already at the beach and have brought the chairs already at the beach and have brought the chairs here, and we want to here, and we want to here, and we want to play volleyball now, but it's really busy back there play volleyball now, but it's really busy back there play volleyball now, but it's really busy back there .  Do you see that?  Because of that, some are .  Do you see that?  Because of that, some are .  Do you see that?  Because of that, some are already playing.  Let's see.  Let's already playing.  Let's see.  Let's already playing.  Let's see.  Let's go and have a look. go and have a look. go and have a look. Please take the towel and place it properly in the dirt Please take the towel and place it properly in the dirt Please take the towel and place it properly in the dirt . on Hi guys, we're seeing each other again Hi guys, we're seeing each other again Hi guys, we're seeing each other again and be surprised, I have my and be surprised, I have my and be surprised, I have my new apartment here.  I think it's incredibly new apartment here.  I think it's incredibly new apartment here.  I think it's incredibly beautiful. beautiful. beautiful. We definitely went boating today with friends We definitely went boating today with friends We definitely went boating today with friends we just met at a we just met at a we just met at a volleyball game, it was really random, but it volleyball game, it was really random, but it volleyball game, it was really random, but it was so awesome.  We also sat in the back of one of those was so awesome.  We also sat in the back of one of those was so awesome.  We also sat in the back of one of those things and then went boating. things and then went boating. things and then went boating. I already showed all of that in the video, I already showed all of that in the video, I already showed all of that in the video, and now I've just gotten and now I've just gotten and now I've just gotten ready because we're definitely going to get something to ready because we're definitely going to get something to ready because we're definitely going to get something to eat, and afterwards eat, and afterwards eat, and afterwards we'll go back up here and we'll go back up here and we'll go back up here and probably play celebrity mode, because probably play celebrity mode, because probably play celebrity mode, because guys, that's awesome. But this is my outfit now.  Let me show But this is my outfit now.  Let me show But this is my outfit now.  Let me show you.  Wait.  I think that's you.  Wait.  I think that's you.  Wait.  I think that's really beautiful.  That gives me a kind of really beautiful.  That gives me a kind of really beautiful.  That gives me a kind of festival vibe.  Do you guys somehow notice festival vibe.  Do you guys somehow notice festival vibe.  Do you guys somehow notice when I'm wearing a skirt, a white when I'm wearing a skirt, a white when I'm wearing a skirt, a white top, and these cool glasses?  Also, top, and these cool glasses?  Also, top, and these cool glasses?  Also, excuse me, it was excuse me, it was excuse me, it was awesome.  We're definitely going to get something to awesome.  We're definitely going to get something to awesome.  We're definitely going to get something to eat now, and then we'll see each other again afterwards eat now, and then we'll see each other again afterwards eat now, and then we'll see each other again afterwards . Hi guys, it's day 5, I think. Hi guys, it's day 5, I think. Hi guys, it's day 5, I think. As you can see, I've already gotten As you can see, I've already gotten As you can see, I've already gotten ready.  And I've ready.  And I've ready.  And I've already braided my hair, and I've already already braided my hair, and I've already already braided my hair, and I've already washed myself, because we're going washed myself, because we're going washed myself, because we're going downstairs to play volleyball again, because it was really downstairs to play volleyball again, because it was really downstairs to play volleyball again, because it was really fun yesterday.  We fun yesterday.  We went to play volleyball early in the morning, got to know the people, went to play volleyball early in the morning, got to know the people, went to play volleyball early in the morning, got to know the people, and then my father went and then my father went and then my father went shopping and they were shopping and they were shopping and they were shopping too, but my mother and I shopping too, but my mother and I shopping too, but my mother and I were up here were up here were up here exchanging numbers with them down below and exchanging numbers with them down below and exchanging numbers with them down below and chatting, and then we chatting, and then we chatting, and then we somehow got onto the topic of boats and then we went boating somehow got onto the topic of boats and then we went boating somehow got onto the topic of boats and then we went boating , because we had our , because we had our , because we had our own boat, which was really cool. own boat, which was really cool. own boat, which was really cool. Then we went to a blue lagoon.  I Then we went to a blue lagoon.  I Then we went to a blue lagoon.  I think everyone knows that feeling.  These are the think everyone knows that feeling.  These are the think everyone knows that feeling.  These are the videos that I've been videos that I've been videos that I've been showing you the whole time before this video.  That showing you the whole time before this video.  That showing you the whole time before this video.  That was so crazy.  We made diving videos was so crazy.  We made diving videos was so crazy.  We made diving videos , it was so cool.  And then on , it was so cool.  And then on , it was so cool.  And then on the way back we rode on this the way back we rode on this the way back we rode on this subwoofer that looks like a little subwoofer that looks like a little subwoofer that looks like a little couch, and that was super couch, and that was super couch, and that was super cool too.  We'll do that again tonight cool too.  We'll do that again tonight cool too.  We'll do that again tonight at sunset, but now at sunset, but now at sunset, but now we're going to play wool ball again we're going to play wool ball again we're going to play wool ball again .  I need to hurry a bit too .  I need to hurry a bit too .  I need to hurry a bit too , because we're meeting at 30 , because we're meeting at 30 , because we're meeting at 30 and it's 28. Yes, I definitely need to and it's 28. Yes, I definitely need to and it's 28. Yes, I definitely need to hurry and I'd say see you later hurry and I'd say see you later hurry and I'd say see you later . . . It's the next day and I'm going to It's the next day and I'm going to It's the next day and I'm going to play volleyball again and play volleyball again and play volleyball again and afterwards we'll definitely have afterwards we'll definitely have afterwards we'll definitely have breakfast and go back to the sea and yeah breakfast and go back to the sea and yeah breakfast and go back to the sea and yeah guys, my package is just guys, my package is just guys, my package is just broken at the front because I cut my nails broken at the front because I cut my nails broken at the front because I cut my nails . . . So guys, I was definitely just at the So guys, I was definitely just at the So guys, I was definitely just at the beach, I beach, I beach, I relaxed and slept for two hours.  Yes.  Yeah, that was definitely awesome, relaxed and slept for two hours.  Yes.  Yeah, that was definitely awesome, and now I'm back up here again and now I'm back up here again and now I'm back up here again because I wanted to upload some tickets because I wanted to upload some tickets because I wanted to upload some tickets and also take a look at the toilet and stuff, and also take a look at the toilet and stuff, and also take a look at the toilet and stuff, but anyway, I wanted to but anyway, I wanted to but anyway, I wanted to quickly announce something to you, because quickly announce something to you, because quickly announce something to you, because my brother and I have planned something really crazy my brother and I have planned something really crazy my brother and I have planned something really crazy .  That will happen in two or .  That will happen in two or .  That will happen in two or three weeks, three weeks, three weeks, so it will be done, so to so it will be done, so to so it will be done, so to speak.  Um, I'm definitely speak.  Um, I'm definitely speak.  Um, I'm definitely super excited about it.  I do super excited about it.  I do super excited about it.  I do n't want to give away too much yet. n't want to give away too much yet. n't want to give away too much yet. Um, anyway, Um, anyway, Um, anyway, stay tuned, it's something stay tuned, it's something stay tuned, it's something really awesome and I'm really looking forward to it really awesome and I'm really looking forward to it really awesome and I'm really looking forward to it .  Yes, definitely stay .  Yes, definitely stay .  Yes, definitely stay tuned, but let's get back tuned, but let's get back tuned, but let's get back to Croatia now, okay? to Croatia now, okay? to Croatia now, okay? Because I'm still here, I'm just going Because I'm still here, I'm just going home again in two days.  Um, but I wanted to home again in two days.  Um, but I wanted to home again in two days.  Um, but I wanted to upload a quick video now, then I'll go back upload a quick video now, then I'll go back upload a quick video now, then I'll go back down to the beach and we'll get some down to the beach and we'll get some down to the beach and we'll get some rap music there, because you can get it there, it's just really rap music there, because you can get it there, it's just really rap music there, because you can get it there, it's just really awesome, and yeah, then awesome, and yeah, then awesome, and yeah, then we'll eat a little something down there and yeah, awesome. Guys, I'm watching Emily Paris for the Guys, I'm watching Emily Paris for the Guys, I'm watching Emily Paris for the second time right now while eating some really second time right now while eating some really second time right now while eating some really delicious yogurt. delicious yogurt. delicious yogurt. Hey guys, I'm definitely Hey guys, I'm definitely Hey guys, I'm definitely ready for dinner now and we've already ready for dinner now and we've already ready for dinner now and we've already packed everything. packed everything. packed everything. So I packed my things and So I packed my things and So I packed my things and the things the fighters had to return, the things the fighters had to return, the things the fighters had to return, the cutlery and all that stuff.  We've the cutlery and all that stuff.  We've the cutlery and all that stuff.  We've already removed the air mattresses already removed the air mattresses already removed the air mattresses and other things, like clothes and other things, like clothes and other things, like clothes and stuff, it looks really messy and stuff, it looks really messy and stuff, it looks really messy here.  But whatever.  We're here.  But whatever.  We're here.  But whatever.  We're definitely going to get something to definitely going to get something to definitely going to get something to eat now, then we'll continue afterwards and eat now, then we'll continue afterwards and eat now, then we'll continue afterwards and then we have to go to sleep because we have to get up then we have to go to sleep because we have to get up then we have to go to sleep because we have to get up at 5 or 6 o'clock tomorrow at 5 or 6 o'clock tomorrow at 5 or 6 o'clock tomorrow and then catch the ferry and then and then catch the ferry and then and then catch the ferry and then I'm going back to Germany again. I'm going back to Germany again. I'm going back to Germany again. Yes, but life goes on, folks.  I'm still looking forward to going Yes, but life goes on, folks.  I'm still looking forward to going Yes, but life goes on, folks.  I'm still looking forward to going home. home. home. Okay, guys, today is the last day Okay, guys, today is the last day Okay, guys, today is the last day and as you can see, I'm already in the and as you can see, I'm already in the and as you can see, I'm already in the camper.  I'm camper.  I'm camper.  I'm exhausted too.  We were just shopping exhausted too.  We were just shopping exhausted too.  We were just shopping and drove for 20 minutes, and now and drove for 20 minutes, and now and drove for 20 minutes, and now we're already on we're already on we're already on the ferry and we're just going the ferry and we're just going the ferry and we're just going home.  Yeah guys, home.  Yeah guys, home.  Yeah guys, but somehow I'm really looking forward to going but somehow I'm really looking forward to going but somehow I'm really looking forward to going home.  You guys don't seem to get it, and home.  You guys don't seem to get it, and home.  You guys don't seem to get it, and yes, we're definitely going yes, we're definitely going yes, we're definitely going upstairs now.  Hey guys, it's definitely upstairs now.  Hey guys, it's definitely upstairs now.  Hey guys, it's definitely already 8 pm and already 8 pm and already 8 pm and if you don't believe me, here you if you don't believe me, here you if you don't believe me, here you can see it: 8 pm and we can see it: 8 pm and we can see it: 8 pm and we should already be arriving.  Just should already be arriving.  Just should already be arriving.  Just hours ago, we were stuck in traffic for so long.  There's been a lot of hours ago, we were stuck in traffic for so long.  There's been a lot of traffic jams today.  That's definitely it for traffic jams today.  That's definitely it for traffic jams today.  That's definitely it for the YouTube video.  I hope the YouTube video.  I hope the YouTube video.  I hope you liked it.  Please leave a like and you liked it.  Please leave a like and you liked it.  Please leave a like and subscribe, and I'll be subscribe, and I'll be subscribe, and I'll be home soon.  Yes.  Co?