Hey ji, what's up, should I take the necklace Hey ji, what's up, should I take the necklace for peacock? for peacock? for peacock? Yes, the necklace is with all my friends, should I Yes, the necklace is with all my friends, should I Yes, the necklace is with all my friends, should I take it for peacock too, otherwise I will go to my parents' house, yes, take it for peacock too, otherwise I will go to my parents' house, yes, take it for peacock too, otherwise I will go to my parents' house, yes, thank you, ji, hey, I ca thank you, ji, hey, I ca thank you, ji, hey, I ca n't bear it anymore, will even n't bear it anymore, will even n't bear it anymore, will even these rainy frogs croak? Hey, you have pushed my Hey, you have pushed my Hey, you have pushed my heart, my friend, how should I arrange the money, brother, do one thing, friend, how should I arrange the money, brother, do one thing, friend, how should I arrange the money, brother, do one thing, all the friends brought me and said, then after drinking, will you take all the friends brought me and said, then after drinking, will you take all the friends brought me and said, then after drinking, will you take out all the money? out all the money? out all the money? What are you thinking? What are you thinking? What are you thinking? Hello Ramesh, Hello Suresh, Hello Ramesh, Hello Suresh, Hello Ramesh, Hello Suresh, Hello Ravi, yes, come quickly, there is a party from my side today, if you want to Hello Ravi, yes, come quickly, there is a party from my side today, if you want to Hello Ravi, yes, come quickly, there is a party from my side today, if you want to live, you have to drink, whatever the live, you have to drink, whatever the live, you have to drink, whatever the scene is. scene is. scene is. Hey brother, I am a complete pot.   You are becoming Hey brother, I am a complete pot.   You are becoming Hey brother, I am a complete pot.   You are becoming very fast. very fast. very fast. Oh mom, Oh mom, Oh mom, sorry brother, I thought you should bring some chaknakana. sorry brother, I thought you should bring some chaknakana. sorry brother, I thought you should bring some chaknakana. Give me this brother. Give me this brother. Give me this brother. Give me one piece brother. Give me one piece brother. Give me one piece brother. Wait brother.  Keep it in a plate.   I will pick you up and Wait brother.  Keep it in a plate.   I will pick you up and Wait brother.  Keep it in a plate.   I will pick you up and throw you down, you bastard dog. throw you down, you bastard dog. throw you down, you bastard dog. Sorry brother, drink grape water without tasting it. This one has fallen asleep. Sorry brother, drink grape water without tasting it. This one has fallen asleep. Brother, take out Brother, take out Brother, take out everyone's money and bring it. It must be everyone's money and bring it. It must be everyone's money and bring it. It must be money. money. money. Brother, take out everyone's money. Well done. It's Brother, take out everyone's money. Well done. It's Brother, take out everyone's money. Well done. It's only ₹16. Hey friend, now how did you arrange the money? Hey friend, now how did you arrange the money? Hey friend, now how did you arrange the money? The idea is Look, it has come, Look, it has come, Look, it has come, but take a look for a second. The one who sees it should but take a look for a second. The one who sees it should but take a look for a second. The one who sees it should stop there. Oh, it is about to stop there. Oh, it is about to stop there. Oh, it is about to come. come. come. Yes, if you Yes, if you Yes, if you give it, then give it. Oh, wow, give it, then give it. Oh, wow, give it, then give it. Oh, wow, but from where do you get the money so quickly every time? Are you but from where do you get the money so quickly every time? Are you understanding now? Close your eyes. understanding now? Close your eyes. understanding now? Close your eyes. Roop's like heart is big. Now open your eyes. Roop's like heart is big. Now open your eyes. Roop's like heart is big. Now open your eyes. Hey Hare Ram Krishna Jagannath Prem