SO, I I'M JACK. UH, I I live in London SO, I I'M JACK. UH, I I live in London SO, I I'M JACK. UH, I I live in London quite locally. Um, I'm I'm quite posh, quite locally. Um, I'm I'm quite posh, quite locally. Um, I'm I'm quite posh, as probably most of you have already as probably most of you have already as probably most of you have already gauged. gauged. gauged. [\h__\h] for it, though. You get quite a lot [\h__\h] for it, though. You get quite a lot [\h__\h] for it, though. You get quite a lot of stick for being posh, but you know, of stick for being posh, but you know, of stick for being posh, but you know, it's like I always say, sticks and it's like I always say, sticks and it's like I always say, sticks and stones, they break my bones. But stones, they break my bones. But stones, they break my bones. But whatever. I'm with ber. Um, I am posh. I'm not like not like I am posh. I'm not like not like I am posh. I'm not like not like rightwing though. Not not not prejudice, rightwing though. Not not not prejudice, rightwing though. Not not not prejudice, not homophobic. not homophobic. not homophobic. Well, I guess I'm homophobic in the same Well, I guess I'm homophobic in the same Well, I guess I'm homophobic in the same sense that I'm arachnophobic. I'm not sense that I'm arachnophobic. I'm not sense that I'm arachnophobic. I'm not scared of spiders. I'm not scared of scared of spiders. I'm not scared of scared of spiders. I'm not scared of gays, though I would probably scream if gays, though I would probably scream if gays, though I would probably scream if I saw one in my bath. And you know, I really I'm young. I'm And you know, I really I'm young. I'm And you know, I really I'm young. I'm not like I'm not like one of like you not like I'm not like one of like you not like I'm not like one of like you know your regular youth I guess cuz know your regular youth I guess cuz know your regular youth I guess cuz people are afraid of young people now people are afraid of young people now people are afraid of young people now aren't they? And and I'm afraid of young aren't they? And and I'm afraid of young aren't they? And and I'm afraid of young people as well. But I I forget what I'm people as well. But I I forget what I'm people as well. But I I forget what I'm meant to be afraid of cuz it seems to meant to be afraid of cuz it seems to meant to be afraid of cuz it seems to change with young people. If you read change with young people. If you read change with young people. If you read the tabloids like one minute you get the tabloids like one minute you get the tabloids like one minute you get it's the young people cuz like knife it's the young people cuz like knife it's the young people cuz like knife crime and gun crime hoodies as they're crime and gun crime hoodies as they're crime and gun crime hoodies as they're going to stab you. All of that stuff. going to stab you. All of that stuff. going to stab you. All of that stuff. Next minute they're all fat and they're Next minute they're all fat and they're Next minute they're all fat and they're overweight and it's the obesity overweight and it's the obesity overweight and it's the obesity epidemic. And I'm confused. I don't know epidemic. And I'm confused. I don't know epidemic. And I'm confused. I don't know what I'm meant TO BE SCARED OF ANYMORE. what I'm meant TO BE SCARED OF ANYMORE. what I'm meant TO BE SCARED OF ANYMORE. I'M WORRIED TO WALK DOWN THE STREET I'M WORRIED TO WALK DOWN THE STREET I'M WORRIED TO WALK DOWN THE STREET UNLESS I'M ATTACKED BY A FAT KID WITH A UNLESS I'M ATTACKED BY A FAT KID WITH A UNLESS I'M ATTACKED BY A FAT KID WITH A KNIFE and a fork. I want to stay fit. I want to be good at I want to stay fit. I want to be good at I want to stay fit. I want to be good at things like fitness and I want to be things like fitness and I want to be things like fitness and I want to be healthy. I want to be healthy. But I've healthy. I want to be healthy. But I've healthy. I want to be healthy. But I've never been good at it. You know, even never been good at it. You know, even never been good at it. You know, even when I was at school, I hated pee. It when I was at school, I hated pee. It when I was at school, I hated pee. It was my I hated PE so much at school. was my I hated PE so much at school. was my I hated PE so much at school. Mainly because of my PE teacher was Mainly because of my PE teacher was Mainly because of my PE teacher was complete [\h__\h] His name was Mr. complete [\h__\h] His name was Mr. complete [\h__\h] His name was Mr. Walton. He was from Sith Iitha and he Walton. He was from Sith Iitha and he Walton. He was from Sith Iitha and he was a lumbering hulk of protein shake was a lumbering hulk of protein shake was a lumbering hulk of protein shake and unresolved childhood issues which he and unresolved childhood issues which he and unresolved childhood issues which he took out of me every week. He was took out of me every week. He was took out of me every week. He was horrible to me. He humiliated me every horrible to me. He humiliated me every horrible to me. He humiliated me every lesson. Right. And I remember I remember lesson. Right. And I remember I remember lesson. Right. And I remember I remember one class, right? Okay. He tried to get one class, right? Okay. He tried to get one class, right? Okay. He tried to get us to do a bleep test which I refused to us to do a bleep test which I refused to us to do a bleep test which I refused to do cuz we weren't living in Nazi do cuz we weren't living in Nazi do cuz we weren't living in Nazi Germany. Ironically, an environment in Germany. Ironically, an environment in Germany. Ironically, an environment in which he would have thrived. And he was which he would have thrived. And he was which he would have thrived. And he was shouting at me, pushing me, trying to shouting at me, pushing me, trying to shouting at me, pushing me, trying to embarrass me and humiliate me. I'm quite embarrass me and humiliate me. I'm quite embarrass me and humiliate me. I'm quite a sensitive soul. I couldn't hack it. a sensitive soul. I couldn't hack it. a sensitive soul. I couldn't hack it. Eventually, I flipped. HE WAS LIKE, Eventually, I flipped. HE WAS LIKE, Eventually, I flipped. HE WAS LIKE, "COME ON, JACK. PUSH YOURSELF NOW. "COME ON, JACK. PUSH YOURSELF NOW. "COME ON, JACK. PUSH YOURSELF NOW. EMBRACE THE BURN. LOOK AT MY BODY, JACK. EMBRACE THE BURN. LOOK AT MY BODY, JACK. EMBRACE THE BURN. LOOK AT MY BODY, JACK. HOW DO YOU THINK I GOT TO WHERE I AM HOW DO YOU THINK I GOT TO WHERE I AM HOW DO YOU THINK I GOT TO WHERE I AM TODAY?" I DON'T KNOW. OPPRESSING BLACK TODAY?" I DON'T KNOW. OPPRESSING BLACK TODAY?" I DON'T KNOW. OPPRESSING BLACK PEOPLE cuz he thought HE WAS A MOTIVATOR. HE cuz he thought HE WAS A MOTIVATOR. HE cuz he thought HE WAS A MOTIVATOR. HE THOUGHT THE STUFF THAT HE WAS SAYING WAS THOUGHT THE STUFF THAT HE WAS SAYING WAS THOUGHT THE STUFF THAT HE WAS SAYING WAS INSPIRATIONAL to the children. It INSPIRATIONAL to the children. It INSPIRATIONAL to the children. It wasn't. It was psychotic. And it never wasn't. It was psychotic. And it never wasn't. It was psychotic. And it never MADE ANY SENSE AS WELL. I REMEMBER ONCE MADE ANY SENSE AS WELL. I REMEMBER ONCE MADE ANY SENSE AS WELL. I REMEMBER ONCE RIGHT WE WERE PLAYING basketball and RIGHT WE WERE PLAYING basketball and RIGHT WE WERE PLAYING basketball and just in the middle of the game he blew just in the middle of the game he blew just in the middle of the game he blew his whistle and in front OF EVERYONE his whistle and in front OF EVERYONE his whistle and in front OF EVERYONE JUST SHOUTED AT ME THE PROBLEM WITH YOU JUST SHOUTED AT ME THE PROBLEM WITH YOU JUST SHOUTED AT ME THE PROBLEM WITH YOU JACK IS ALL FART AND NO POO. WELL WHEN I JACK IS ALL FART AND NO POO. WELL WHEN I JACK IS ALL FART AND NO POO. WELL WHEN I FART [screaming] I FOLLOW THROUGH AND FART [screaming] I FOLLOW THROUGH AND FART [screaming] I FOLLOW THROUGH AND SOMETIMES THERE'S BLOOD but I tried at school. I just could but I tried at school. I just could but I tried at school. I just could never do very well. But I always think never do very well. But I always think never do very well. But I always think right if you weren't very good at school right if you weren't very good at school right if you weren't very good at school there's always one thing that everyone there's always one thing that everyone there's always one thing that everyone that wasn't good at school can hold on that wasn't good at school can hold on that wasn't good at school can hold on to and we need to hold on to this AND to and we need to hold on to this AND to and we need to hold on to this AND THAT IS THAT EVERY school all over the THAT IS THAT EVERY school all over the THAT IS THAT EVERY school all over the world in every class there was always world in every class there was always world in every class there was always that person that was better than that person that was better than that person that was better than everyone else. Yeah. That got into all everyone else. Yeah. That got into all everyone else. Yeah. That got into all the sports teams that was in the school the sports teams that was in the school the sports teams that was in the school play that had a girlfriend. Mr. Perfect. play that had a girlfriend. Mr. Perfect. play that had a girlfriend. Mr. Perfect. You can hold on to the fact that yeah You can hold on to the fact that yeah You can hold on to the fact that yeah they were Mr. Perfect at school and they were Mr. Perfect at school and they were Mr. Perfect at school and everyone resented them and they were so everyone resented them and they were so everyone resented them and they were so great but in later life Mr. perfect will great but in later life Mr. perfect will great but in later life Mr. perfect will have made his mistakes. He will have have made his mistakes. He will have have made his mistakes. He will have screwed things up. And now with screwed things up. And now with screwed things up. And now with Facebook, you can find the bastard. Facebook, you can find the bastard. Facebook, you can find the bastard. You can hunt HIM DOWN AND LOOK AT HIS You can hunt HIM DOWN AND LOOK AT HIS You can hunt HIM DOWN AND LOOK AT HIS PHOTOGRAPHS AND REALIZE, "YEAH, YOU WERE PHOTOGRAPHS AND REALIZE, "YEAH, YOU WERE PHOTOGRAPHS AND REALIZE, "YEAH, YOU WERE MR. PERFECT AT SCHOOL, BUT NOW SOMEONE'S MR. PERFECT AT SCHOOL, BUT NOW SOMEONE'S MR. PERFECT AT SCHOOL, BUT NOW SOMEONE'S PUT ON A LITTLE BIT OF WEIGHT. NOW PUT ON A LITTLE BIT OF WEIGHT. NOW PUT ON A LITTLE BIT OF WEIGHT. NOW SOMEONE'S LOST THEIR JOB AND THEY'RE SOMEONE'S LOST THEIR JOB AND THEY'RE SOMEONE'S LOST THEIR JOB AND THEY'RE SLEEPING IN THE BACK OF THEIR CAR. SO SLEEPING IN THE BACK OF THEIR CAR. SO SLEEPING IN THE BACK OF THEIR CAR. SO SCREW YOU, ROBBIE WESTLAKE." SCREW YOU, ROBBIE WESTLAKE." SCREW YOU, ROBBIE WESTLAKE." AND IT'S NOT JUST YOU CAN ALSO FIND AND IT'S NOT JUST YOU CAN ALSO FIND AND IT'S NOT JUST YOU CAN ALSO FIND PEOPLE THAT DIDN'T WANT TO HAVE SEX WITH PEOPLE THAT DIDN'T WANT TO HAVE SEX WITH PEOPLE THAT DIDN'T WANT TO HAVE SEX WITH YOU AT SCHOOL, THAT REJECTED you at YOU AT SCHOOL, THAT REJECTED you at YOU AT SCHOOL, THAT REJECTED you at school cuz they were better than you at school cuz they were better than you at school cuz they were better than you at school. And you can find them on school. And you can find them on school. And you can find them on Facebook as well. And you can hunt them Facebook as well. And you can hunt them Facebook as well. And you can hunt them down and look through their photographs down and look through their photographs down and look through their photographs and do what us perverts like TO REFER TO and do what us perverts like TO REFER TO and do what us perverts like TO REFER TO AS THE REVENGE. WE'VE GOT PEOPLE from AS THE REVENGE. WE'VE GOT PEOPLE from AS THE REVENGE. WE'VE GOT PEOPLE from Hob, haven't we? Got Hugh. Where's Hugh? Hob, haven't we? Got Hugh. Where's Hugh? Hob, haven't we? Got Hugh. Where's Hugh? Hugh, how you doing? You're a fantastic Hugh, how you doing? You're a fantastic Hugh, how you doing? You're a fantastic actor. You've been RSC and everything. actor. You've been RSC and everything. actor. You've been RSC and everything. You've been in Holbe for a long time, You've been in Holbe for a long time, You've been in Holbe for a long time, right? So, I have a theory that if right? So, I have a theory that if right? So, I have a theory that if someone had a heart attack over here, we someone had a heart attack over here, we someone had a heart attack over here, we could whisk you over and just suck all could whisk you over and just suck all could whisk you over and just suck all of the drama out of the situation. We had the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow We had the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow We had the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow this year. A great choice of venue. A this year. A great choice of venue. A this year. A great choice of venue. A place where people think that hepatitis place where people think that hepatitis place where people think that hepatitis B is a vitamin. I don't really trust these big sporting I don't really trust these big sporting I don't really trust these big sporting occasions. You know, the Olympics, a lot occasions. You know, the Olympics, a lot occasions. You know, the Olympics, a lot of that stuff is just for rich people. of that stuff is just for rich people. of that stuff is just for rich people. Dress, yaching. I don't remember that at Dress, yaching. I don't remember that at Dress, yaching. I don't remember that at school. school. school. ying tomorrow class. So remember, bring ying tomorrow class. So remember, bring ying tomorrow class. So remember, bring in your boats. A lot of people find the Parolympics A lot of people find the Parolympics A lot of people find the Parolympics inspiring. I just find it depressing. I inspiring. I just find it depressing. I inspiring. I just find it depressing. I can't throw a discus and I've got arms. Oscar Ptorius. Pistorius to me sounds Oscar Ptorius. Pistorius to me sounds Oscar Ptorius. Pistorius to me sounds like a spell that Harry Potter would say like a spell that Harry Potter would say like a spell that Harry Potter would say to make your legs drop off. When he gets out of jail, his next When he gets out of jail, his next When he gets out of jail, his next girlfriend is going to get ready in a girlfriend is going to get ready in a girlfriend is going to get ready in a hurry. hurry. hurry. >> Thought you were RUNNING A BATH. NO, I >> Thought you were RUNNING A BATH. NO, I >> Thought you were RUNNING A BATH. NO, I JUST THREW SOME DUNGAREES ON. LET'S GO. JUST THREW SOME DUNGAREES ON. LET'S GO. JUST THREW SOME DUNGAREES ON. LET'S GO. I hope a jail bully steals his legs, I hope a jail bully steals his legs, I hope a jail bully steals his legs, walks about being 9'6. I don't like the Commonwealth cuz the I don't like the Commonwealth cuz the I don't like the Commonwealth cuz the Commonwealth is the old British Empire. Commonwealth is the old British Empire. Commonwealth is the old British Empire. It's called the Commonwealth because It's called the Commonwealth because It's called the Commonwealth because Britain stole all those countries wealth Britain stole all those countries wealth Britain stole all those countries wealth and then went come on. and then went come on. and then went come on. The whole empire was founded on cocaine. The whole empire was founded on cocaine. The whole empire was founded on cocaine. Everybody was on cocaine. The remedies Everybody was on cocaine. The remedies Everybody was on cocaine. The remedies had cocaine IN THEM. QUEEN VICTORIA WAS had cocaine IN THEM. QUEEN VICTORIA WAS had cocaine IN THEM. QUEEN VICTORIA WAS ON COCAINE AND NOT THE [\h__\h] YOU TAKE. ON COCAINE AND NOT THE [\h__\h] YOU TAKE. ON COCAINE AND NOT THE [\h__\h] YOU TAKE. YOU'VE NEVER DONE a line and gone, let's YOU'VE NEVER DONE a line and gone, let's YOU'VE NEVER DONE a line and gone, let's invade India. We had the referendum up in Scotland We had the referendum up in Scotland We had the referendum up in Scotland that was won by the no campaign and that was won by the no campaign and that was won by the no campaign and Alistister Darling I thought it'd be Alistister Darling I thought it'd be Alistister Darling I thought it'd be good if when he won Alistister Darlin's good if when he won Alistister Darlin's good if when he won Alistister Darlin's eyebrows had finally turned into eyebrows had finally turned into eyebrows had finally turned into butterflies butterflies butterflies and he wasn't even able to look and he wasn't even able to look and he wasn't even able to look surprised about it. surprised about it. surprised about it. David Beckham sent the people of David Beckham sent the people of David Beckham sent the people of Scotland an open letter. An open letter Scotland an open letter. An open letter Scotland an open letter. An open letter cuz he couldn't work out how to get it cuz he couldn't work out how to get it cuz he couldn't work out how to get it into the envelope. People into the envelope. People into the envelope. People said during the campaign that I was said during the campaign that I was said during the campaign that I was anti-English. I couldn't be more pro- anti-English. I couldn't be more pro- anti-English. I couldn't be more pro- English. I thought the best thing for English. I thought the best thing for English. I thought the best thing for independence would have been if England independence would have been if England independence would have been if England had won the World Cup cuz you would have had won the World Cup cuz you would have had won the World Cup cuz you would have been so unbearable that we would have to been so unbearable that we would have to been so unbearable that we would have to leave. Whatever happens next, I think it's Whatever happens next, I think it's Whatever happens next, I think it's important that Scotland does something important that Scotland does something important that Scotland does something that puts England on the back foot. that puts England on the back foot. that puts England on the back foot. Something that England won't expect. And Something that England won't expect. And Something that England won't expect. And the last thing that you're expecting is the last thing that you're expecting is the last thing that you're expecting is for us to form an Islamic caliphate. I independent Scotland. We can do this. I independent Scotland. We can do this. I independent Scotland. We can do this. I used to be not exactly ashamed of my I used to be not exactly ashamed of my I used to be not exactly ashamed of my blackness, but I never wanted to do blackness, but I never wanted to do blackness, but I never wanted to do anything that could be seen as anything that could be seen as anything that could be seen as stereotypically black. And it followed stereotypically black. And it followed stereotypically black. And it followed me all my life. So when I was younger, me all my life. So when I was younger, me all my life. So when I was younger, when I was at school, if I was ever in when I was at school, if I was ever in when I was at school, if I was ever in PE and a basketball would come flying at PE and a basketball would come flying at PE and a basketball would come flying at top speed towards my face, instead of top speed towards my face, instead of top speed towards my face, instead of catching that basketball in the air, catching that basketball in the air, catching that basketball in the air, dribbling it towards the nearest net, dribbling it towards the nearest net, dribbling it towards the nearest net, and slam dunking the thing, as I and slam dunking the thing, as I and slam dunking the thing, as I naturally would, naturally would, naturally would, I just let it hit me in the face and I just let it hit me in the face and I just let it hit me in the face and roll away. roll away. roll away. When I got older, I made a lot of When I got older, I made a lot of When I got older, I made a lot of friends, mainly white friends, and we friends, mainly white friends, and we friends, mainly white friends, and we started going to the club. Are you started going to the club. Are you started going to the club. Are you familiar with the club? familiar with the club? familiar with the club? Not the club. Duck Club at the end of D Not the club. Duck Club at the end of D Not the club. Duck Club at the end of D Street. Whenever I went to the club and Street. Whenever I went to the club and Street. Whenever I went to the club and I was dancing with a group of friends, I I was dancing with a group of friends, I I was dancing with a group of friends, I would deliberately dance less well on would deliberately dance less well on would deliberately dance less well on purpose so that the white people wouldn't be so that the white people wouldn't be so that the white people wouldn't be intimidated. intimidated. intimidated. There'd always be one other black person There'd always be one other black person There'd always be one other black person in the corner of the room, arms folded, in the corner of the room, arms folded, in the corner of the room, arms folded, looking at me like, "You're looking at me like, "You're looking at me like, "You're disrespecting yourself." disrespecting yourself." disrespecting yourself." When meanwhile, I'll be in the middle of When meanwhile, I'll be in the middle of When meanwhile, I'll be in the middle of the dance floor just moving like Miley the dance floor just moving like Miley the dance floor just moving like Miley Cyrus. I tried so hard. I tried so hard to pass I tried so hard. I tried so hard to pass I tried so hard. I tried so hard to pass as white. I did all the white things. I as white. I did all the white things. I as white. I did all the white things. I bought pesto. I said tiss you. I said tiss you. I said tiss you. I got really dangerously into Jamie T. I got really dangerously into Jamie T. I got really dangerously into Jamie T. I am talking about the era of Jamie T, I am talking about the era of Jamie T, I am talking about the era of Jamie T, Pete Daert, Pete Daert, Pete Daert, Jack Pñat. Jack Pñat. Jack Pñat. Jedwish. I spent my late teens, arguably the I spent my late teens, arguably the I spent my late teens, arguably the sexiest part of one's teens, just sort of lusting over these gurning just sort of lusting over these gurning just sort of lusting over these gurning predators. predators. predators. Like, imagine we were me. You'll be at a Like, imagine we were me. You'll be at a Like, imagine we were me. You'll be at a house party with an edgy white boy and house party with an edgy white boy and house party with an edgy white boy and he'd have the whole edgy boy starter he'd have the whole edgy boy starter he'd have the whole edgy boy starter kit. He'd have the skinny jeans, rolly kit. He'd have the skinny jeans, rolly kit. He'd have the skinny jeans, rolly [\h__\h] unacceptable bo. [\h__\h] unacceptable bo. [\h__\h] unacceptable bo. He'd be talking always about one of his He'd be talking always about one of his He'd be talking always about one of his two favorite subjects, which is always two favorite subjects, which is always two favorite subjects, which is always either dubstep or himself. either dubstep or himself. either dubstep or himself. And sitting on the window sill, and And sitting on the window sill, and And sitting on the window sill, and finally you'd pluck up the courage to finally you'd pluck up the courage to finally you'd pluck up the courage to just cut him off mid aneote, put your just cut him off mid aneote, put your just cut him off mid aneote, put your hand on his shoulder, look him in the hand on his shoulder, look him in the hand on his shoulder, look him in the eye, and be like, "Mate, I love you." eye, and be like, "Mate, I love you." eye, and be like, "Mate, I love you." And then he'd look at you and you'd look And then he'd look at you and you'd look And then he'd look at you and you'd look at him and you'd lean in for a kiss and at him and you'd lean in for a kiss and at him and you'd lean in for a kiss and then he just sort of then he just sort of then he just sort of thumb MDMA into your mouth, thumb MDMA into your mouth, thumb MDMA into your mouth, man. But that was it. You were like, man. But that was it. You were like, man. But that was it. You were like, "Wow, "Wow, "Wow, I think he really likes me." I think he really likes me." I think he really likes me." Oh my god, white guys. I spent half my Oh my god, white guys. I spent half my Oh my god, white guys. I spent half my life lusting after unsuitable white life lusting after unsuitable white life lusting after unsuitable white guys. Have we GOT ANY WHITE GUYS IN? >> Come on, guys. Cheer louder. We know how >> Come on, guys. Cheer louder. We know how >> Come on, guys. Cheer louder. We know how much you get paid. There you are. OF COURSE, YOU WHITE guys There you are. OF COURSE, YOU WHITE guys There you are. OF COURSE, YOU WHITE guys are here because you are everywhere. are here because you are everywhere. are here because you are everywhere. You're in the White House. YOU'RE IN THE You're in the White House. YOU'RE IN THE You're in the White House. YOU'RE IN THE BIG BANKS. You're in all the fancy court BIG BANKS. You're in all the fancy court BIG BANKS. You're in all the fancy court cases. You're killing it. cases. You're killing it. cases. You're killing it. Sometimes, literally. Sometimes, literally. Sometimes, literally. But I don't want anyone to think I'm But I don't want anyone to think I'm But I don't want anyone to think I'm having a go because I genuinely adore having a go because I genuinely adore having a go because I genuinely adore white guys. Love your work, Ed Sheeran. white guys. Love your work, Ed Sheeran. white guys. Love your work, Ed Sheeran. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. I haven't got anything against white men I haven't got anything against white men I haven't got anything against white men apart from obviously apart from obviously apart from obviously everything it is that they've done. >> Some of my best friends, some of my best friends are white men. some of my best friends are white men. some of my best friends are white men. My mother is a white man. Incredible to think, isn't it? But the Chinese language But the Chinese language But the Chinese language started off as English in England. started off as English in England. started off as English in England. Then one person whispered it to another Then one person whispered it to another Then one person whispered it to another person. Bit of a weird day today. Bit of a weird day today. Bit of a weird day today. I found a hole in the back of my I found a hole in the back of my I found a hole in the back of my wardrobe. wardrobe. wardrobe. I went through to a strange and I went through to a strange and I went through to a strange and mysterious land mysterious land mysterious land where my neighbor was sitting in the where my neighbor was sitting in the where my neighbor was sitting in the bath. What else can I tell you about myself? I What else can I tell you about myself? I What else can I tell you about myself? I like my tea. Like my women like my tea. Like my women like my tea. Like my women big, black, and with a penguin. Obviously, I'm Caucasian. It's my mom's from a city I'm Caucasian. It's my mom's from a city I'm Caucasian. It's my mom's from a city in Ireland and my dad's Japanese. Couldn't sleep last night. I was too Couldn't sleep last night. I was too Couldn't sleep last night. I was too hot. Then the smoke alarm went off. Put it on snooze. Then the phone went off. Picked it up. Then the phone went off. Picked it up. Then the phone went off. Picked it up. Voice said, "Can you speak?" I said, Voice said, "Can you speak?" I said, Voice said, "Can you speak?" I said, "How did you think this conversation was "How did you think this conversation was "How did you think this conversation was going to work?" And I recognized the voice of my mother, And I recognized the voice of my mother, And I recognized the voice of my mother, the very woman who taught me to speak in the very woman who taught me to speak in the very woman who taught me to speak in the first place. the first place. the first place. She said, "Listen, She said, "Listen, She said, "Listen, it's your dad." I said, "That is the worst impression." Do you ever have a conversation with Do you ever have a conversation with Do you ever have a conversation with someone and towards the end they say, someone and towards the end they say, someone and towards the end they say, "Well, I'll let you go." You think, "Yeah, thanks. You think, "Yeah, thanks. You think, "Yeah, thanks. Oh, I see what you're saying. You're Oh, I see what you're saying. You're Oh, I see what you're saying. You're trying to make me think that you think trying to make me think that you think trying to make me think that you think that I've got better things to do. In that I've got better things to do. In that I've got better things to do. In reality, you're saying that you've got reality, you're saying that you've got reality, you're saying that you've got better things to do. Well, next time better things to do. Well, next time better things to do. Well, next time someone says to you, I'll let you go, someone says to you, I'll let you go, someone says to you, I'll let you go, say, no. Shut the door. Shut the door. Shut the door. If they make a sudden dive for the If they make a sudden dive for the If they make a sudden dive for the window, grab them by their ankles as window, grab them by their ankles as window, grab them by their ankles as they're dangling four stories over the they're dangling four stories over the they're dangling four stories over the car park, screaming, "This has all been car park, screaming, "This has all been car park, screaming, "This has all been a terrible mistake." say, "Okay, I'll a terrible mistake." say, "Okay, I'll a terrible mistake." say, "Okay, I'll let you go." So, it turns out not all horses are So, it turns out not all horses are So, it turns out not all horses are Trojan horses. I know that now. I know that now. I know that now. That was a messy afternoon. Health and safety. That's a minefield, Health and safety. That's a minefield, Health and safety. That's a minefield, isn't it? Don't tell them. I used to work in IKEA selling over I used to work in IKEA selling over I used to work in IKEA selling over 7,000 different items. Give me a number 7,000 different items. Give me a number 7,000 different items. Give me a number between 1 and 7,000. I'll tell you about between 1 and 7,000. I'll tell you about between 1 and 7,000. I'll tell you about it. it. it. >> Eight. Sorry, out of stock. Well, it's not easy traveling around all Well, it's not easy traveling around all Well, it's not easy traveling around all the time, being on the road. Oh, no. The the time, being on the road. Oh, no. The the time, being on the road. Oh, no. The AA RA green flag. Don't get me started. >> [applause] >> I've got a good relationship with me, >> I've got a good relationship with me, >> I've got a good relationship with me, mom. Uh, you know, sometimes in comedy mom. Uh, you know, sometimes in comedy mom. Uh, you know, sometimes in comedy you laugh at things cuz it's familiar, you laugh at things cuz it's familiar, you laugh at things cuz it's familiar, cuz it's a shared experience. Sometimes cuz it's a shared experience. Sometimes cuz it's a shared experience. Sometimes you laugh because you're just glad you laugh because you're just glad you laugh because you're just glad you're not me. you're not me. you're not me. See if this has happened to anybody See if this has happened to anybody See if this has happened to anybody else. Uh, whenever I'm on the phone to else. Uh, whenever I'm on the phone to else. Uh, whenever I'm on the phone to me mom, it always makes me need a poo. me mom, it always makes me need a poo. me mom, it always makes me need a poo. Give us a woo if that's happened to you. Give us a woo if that's happened to you. Give us a woo if that's happened to you. Yeah. See, I've looked into it. It's a Yeah. See, I've looked into it. It's a Yeah. See, I've looked into it. It's a It's a closeness issue. It means that me It's a closeness issue. It means that me It's a closeness issue. It means that me and those people who wooed, we love our and those people who wooed, we love our and those people who wooed, we love our moms more than the rest of you that love moms more than the rest of you that love moms more than the rest of you that love yours. I love my mom so much, it makes yours. I love my mom so much, it makes yours. I love my mom so much, it makes me [\h__\h] me [\h__\h] me [\h__\h] Try getting that on a balloon for Try getting that on a balloon for Try getting that on a balloon for Mother's Day. Mother's Day. Mother's Day. Thank God for Moon Pig. But I bought a house quite recently. I But I bought a house quite recently. I But I bought a house quite recently. I uh I wanted to buy a house cuz I'd lived uh I wanted to buy a house cuz I'd lived uh I wanted to buy a house cuz I'd lived in flats for 16 years and I really in flats for 16 years and I really in flats for 16 years and I really missed going upstairs to bed. missed going upstairs to bed. missed going upstairs to bed. Not through the kitchen, Not through the kitchen, Not through the kitchen, upstairs to bed. But I was sitting only upstairs to bed. But I was sitting only upstairs to bed. But I was sitting only a few months later upstairs in bed quite a few months later upstairs in bed quite a few months later upstairs in bed quite smuggly just thinking, "This is the smuggly just thinking, "This is the smuggly just thinking, "This is the life. I've arrived. I'm upstairs in life. I've arrived. I'm upstairs in life. I've arrived. I'm upstairs in bed." And then I thought, "Oh no, now bed." And then I thought, "Oh no, now bed." And then I thought, "Oh no, now I've got to go downstairs for food." I uh I what I really wanted like my I uh I what I really wanted like my I uh I what I really wanted like my parents have both uh always lived near a parents have both uh always lived near a parents have both uh always lived near a park and I'd always been able to see a park and I'd always been able to see a park and I'd always been able to see a tree out of my bedroom window. So that tree out of my bedroom window. So that tree out of my bedroom window. So that became a priority when I was house became a priority when I was house became a priority when I was house hunted. I wanted to be able to see a hunted. I wanted to be able to see a hunted. I wanted to be able to see a tree out of my bedroom window. But it tree out of my bedroom window. But it tree out of my bedroom window. But it became very clear that I'm not massively became very clear that I'm not massively became very clear that I'm not massively suited to country living having lived in suited to country living having lived in suited to country living having lived in the city center for so long. I drove the city center for so long. I drove the city center for so long. I drove along a lovely country lane, lovely along a lovely country lane, lovely along a lovely country lane, lovely country lane, and I saw a white marquee country lane, and I saw a white marquee country lane, and I saw a white marquee tent. And instead of thinking, "Oh, tent. And instead of thinking, "Oh, tent. And instead of thinking, "Oh, somebody's having a lovely summer somebody's having a lovely summer somebody's having a lovely summer party." I just thought, "Oh, someone's party." I just thought, "Oh, someone's party." I just thought, "Oh, someone's been murdered." But I found a house that I liked and I But I found a house that I liked and I But I found a house that I liked and I got a survey done. The survey came back got a survey done. The survey came back got a survey done. The survey came back and it meant nothing to me at all. But and it meant nothing to me at all. But and it meant nothing to me at all. But luckily, I've got a friend who's a luckily, I've got a friend who's a luckily, I've got a friend who's a builder and he said, "Let me have a look builder and he said, "Let me have a look builder and he said, "Let me have a look at him." I put it into layman's terms. I at him." I put it into layman's terms. I at him." I put it into layman's terms. I said, "Smash it." And it gives a year if said, "Smash it." And it gives a year if said, "Smash it." And it gives a year if you own your own home. you own your own home. you own your own home. >> Gives a G if you rent. >> Gives a G if you rent. >> Gives a G if you rent. See, up to this point, I'd only ever See, up to this point, I'd only ever See, up to this point, I'd only ever rented. And I think there are phrases rented. And I think there are phrases rented. And I think there are phrases that mean nothing to those of us who that mean nothing to those of us who that mean nothing to those of us who rent that the rest of you understand cuz rent that the rest of you understand cuz rent that the rest of you understand cuz my friend the builder said there is one my friend the builder said there is one my friend the builder said there is one thing you will need. I said oh yeah thing you will need. I said oh yeah thing you will need. I said oh yeah what's that? He said you'll need a damp what's that? He said you'll need a damp what's that? He said you'll need a damp proof course. And I genuinely said I proof course. And I genuinely said I proof course. And I genuinely said I haven't got time to go to college. But one of the things the house that I But one of the things the house that I But one of the things the house that I bought did have is a log burner. I've bought did have is a log burner. I've bought did have is a log burner. I've never had a log burner before. I got never had a log burner before. I got never had a log burner before. I got quite excited by the log burner. Not as quite excited by the log burner. Not as quite excited by the log burner. Not as excited as my fellow did. He went, "Oh excited as my fellow did. He went, "Oh excited as my fellow did. He went, "Oh my god, we'll be able to get a toasting my god, we'll be able to get a toasting my god, we'll be able to get a toasting fork and we'll be able to toast things." fork and we'll be able to toast things." fork and we'll be able to toast things." And I thought, he does know I've got a And I thought, he does know I've got a And I thought, he does know I've got a toaster, doesn't he? But he went off to toaster, doesn't he? But he went off to toaster, doesn't he? But he went off to work. I went straight out and bought a work. I went straight out and bought a work. I went straight out and bought a toast and fork. I was too excited. I toast and fork. I was too excited. I toast and fork. I was too excited. I came back in with it. I grabbed a loaf came back in with it. I grabbed a loaf came back in with it. I grabbed a loaf of bread and I thought, I'm just going of bread and I thought, I'm just going of bread and I thought, I'm just going to sit in front and work me way through. to sit in front and work me way through. to sit in front and work me way through. Bloody love toast. Bloody love toast. Bloody love toast. Couldn't get it to work. I rang him and Couldn't get it to work. I rang him and Couldn't get it to work. I rang him and I said, "I can't get it to work." He I said, "I can't get it to work." He I said, "I can't get it to work." He said, "How can it not work? It's fire said, "How can it not work? It's fire said, "How can it not work? It's fire and bread. How can it not work?" So, I and bread. How can it not work?" So, I and bread. How can it not work?" So, I told him what I've been doing. Turns out told him what I've been doing. Turns out told him what I've been doing. Turns out I should have had the little door open. I should have had the little door open. I should have had the little door open. I might as well be lying slices of bread I might as well be lying slices of bread I might as well be lying slices of bread on top me radiator. But when I moved, I had bits and bobs of But when I moved, I had bits and bobs of But when I moved, I had bits and bobs of furniture. Not much, but I had some furniture. Not much, but I had some furniture. Not much, but I had some stuff and I was trying to work out what stuff and I was trying to work out what stuff and I was trying to work out what would best go where'. And I said to me, would best go where'. And I said to me, would best go where'. And I said to me, "Fell, I got to wish I had a tape "Fell, I got to wish I had a tape "Fell, I got to wish I had a tape measure." He said, "What do you need a measure." He said, "What do you need a measure." He said, "What do you need a tape measure for?" I said, "I just want tape measure for?" I said, "I just want tape measure for?" I said, "I just want to know if that unit will fit in that al to know if that unit will fit in that al to know if that unit will fit in that al cove." He said, "Well, I'll sort that cove." He said, "Well, I'll sort that cove." He said, "Well, I'll sort that out for you." I said, "Have you got a out for you." I said, "Have you got a out for you." I said, "Have you got a tape measure?" He said, "No, no, it's tape measure?" He said, "No, no, it's tape measure?" He said, "No, no, it's just I'm good at that sort of thing." I just I'm good at that sort of thing." I just I'm good at that sort of thing." I said, "What do you mean?" He said, "It's said, "What do you mean?" He said, "It's said, "What do you mean?" He said, "It's just an instinct I've got." And first of just an instinct I've got." And first of just an instinct I've got." And first of all, I thought, "Rubbish." And then I all, I thought, "Rubbish." And then I all, I thought, "Rubbish." And then I thought, "Let's have a look." And I thought, "Let's have a look." And I thought, "Let's have a look." And I thought, "This is quite a manly thing to thought, "This is quite a manly thing to thought, "This is quite a manly thing to be able to do. If you can do this, maybe be able to do. If you can do this, maybe be able to do. If you can do this, maybe we'll see what else slots wear. we'll see what else slots wear. we'll see what else slots wear. So, go on then do it. And this is what So, go on then do it. And this is what So, go on then do it. And this is what you did. It went exactly like this. >> I said, "Is that it? You could got your >> I said, "Is that it? You could got your >> I said, "Is that it? You could got your [\h__\h] out and done 6 in. 6 in. 6 in. 6 [\h__\h] out and done 6 in. 6 in. 6 in. 6 [\h__\h] out and done 6 in. 6 in. 6 in. 6 in." in." in." >> I wouldn't I wouldn't go down on a man >> I wouldn't I wouldn't go down on a man >> I wouldn't I wouldn't go down on a man with a vagina. All absolutely not. All with a vagina. All absolutely not. All with a vagina. All absolutely not. All on a man. No. No. No. No. No. Because a on a man. No. No. No. No. No. Because a on a man. No. No. No. No. No. Because a man's vagina would be disgusting. Like I man's vagina would be disgusting. Like I man's vagina would be disgusting. Like I think it's a good thing that most women think it's a good thing that most women think it's a good thing that most women are born with them because you look are born with them because you look are born with them because you look after stuff like men. Oh, no thank you. after stuff like men. Oh, no thank you. after stuff like men. Oh, no thank you. No, no, no, no, no. People get so angry No, no, no, no, no. People get so angry No, no, no, no, no. People get so angry though, man. Like I uh I always used to though, man. Like I uh I always used to though, man. Like I uh I always used to say the LGBT community and then someone say the LGBT community and then someone say the LGBT community and then someone threw a bottle at me for not saying threw a bottle at me for not saying threw a bottle at me for not saying LGBTQIA+ LGBTQIA+ LGBTQIA+ and it's like mate, I'm on your team. I and it's like mate, I'm on your team. I and it's like mate, I'm on your team. I just didn't know. Like I didn't miss you just didn't know. Like I didn't miss you just didn't know. Like I didn't miss you out deliberately. Give people some out deliberately. Give people some out deliberately. Give people some credit. You've named your community credit. You've named your community credit. You've named your community after a bloody Welsh village. I'm not after a bloody Welsh village. I'm not after a bloody Welsh village. I'm not gonna gonna gonna get everything right first time. Like, get everything right first time. Like, get everything right first time. Like, also, does anyone know what the A stands also, does anyone know what the A stands also, does anyone know what the A stands for in LGBTQIA? The A, anyone? Asexual. for in LGBTQIA? The A, anyone? Asexual. for in LGBTQIA? The A, anyone? Asexual. Yeah. Now, that baffles me somewhat. Yeah. Now, that baffles me somewhat. Yeah. Now, that baffles me somewhat. Like, I don't understand why those Like, I don't understand why those Like, I don't understand why those people would want to be part of the same people would want to be part of the same people would want to be part of the same group because that means a gay pride. group because that means a gay pride. group because that means a gay pride. You've got people who are like, I'm not You've got people who are like, I'm not You've got people who are like, I'm not ashamed. I'm proud. I'm a man and I love ashamed. I'm proud. I'm a man and I love ashamed. I'm proud. I'm a man and I love men. You know, I'm a woman. I have sex men. You know, I'm a woman. I have sex men. You know, I'm a woman. I have sex with women. And then you got these with women. And then you got these with women. And then you got these people at the back WHO ARE LIKE, I WANT people at the back WHO ARE LIKE, I WANT people at the back WHO ARE LIKE, I WANT NO PART OF THIS FILTH. like holding up a blank placard like holding up a blank placard like holding up a blank placard like nothing. WE WANT NOTHING. YOU'RE like nothing. WE WANT NOTHING. YOU'RE like nothing. WE WANT NOTHING. YOU'RE like over there. It's a different march in over there. It's a different march in over there. It's a different march in it. Surely it. Surely it. Surely the problem with some sexist stereotypes the problem with some sexist stereotypes the problem with some sexist stereotypes though is that they're there for a though is that they're there for a though is that they're there for a reason, aren't they? Some questions can reason, aren't they? Some questions can reason, aren't they? Some questions can only be answered with a stereotype. For only be answered with a stereotype. For only be answered with a stereotype. For example, there's a stereotype that women example, there's a stereotype that women example, there's a stereotype that women can multitask and that MEN ARE JUST LIKE can multitask and that MEN ARE JUST LIKE can multitask and that MEN ARE JUST LIKE THE WHOLE TIME. THE WHOLE TIME. THE WHOLE TIME. I think it's offensive to men more than I think it's offensive to men more than I think it's offensive to men more than anything. But some questions can only be anything. But some questions can only be anything. But some questions can only be answered with a stereotype. For example, answered with a stereotype. For example, answered with a stereotype. For example, why is it why is it that you never hear why is it why is it that you never hear why is it why is it that you never hear about a woman who died wanking? It's exclusively a male method of death, It's exclusively a male method of death, It's exclusively a male method of death, isn't it? the rope around the neck and isn't it? the rope around the neck and isn't it? the rope around the neck and only the Now this makes no sense because only the Now this makes no sense because only the Now this makes no sense because women masturbate. We know this. Women women masturbate. We know this. Women women masturbate. We know this. Women have masturbated since the 1980s. Of have masturbated since the 1980s. Of have masturbated since the 1980s. Of course, I believe it was the sinking of the I believe it was the sinking of the I believe it was the sinking of the Belgrano that finally got them going. Belgrano that finally got them going. Belgrano that finally got them going. Now, statistically, there must exist Now, statistically, there must exist Now, statistically, there must exist women that like to strangle themselves women that like to strangle themselves women that like to strangle themselves to increase the size of their orgasm, to increase the size of their orgasm, to increase the size of their orgasm, but you never hear about them because but you never hear about them because but you never hear about them because they don't die doing it. Women seem to they don't die doing it. Women seem to they don't die doing it. Women seem to be able to strangle themselves and be able to strangle themselves and be able to strangle themselves and masturbate at the same time. You know masturbate at the same time. You know masturbate at the same time. You know why? because they can multitask, you why? because they can multitask, you why? because they can multitask, you see. see. see. AND MEN'S LIKE, "AH, YOU'RE GOING TO AND MEN'S LIKE, "AH, YOU'RE GOING TO AND MEN'S LIKE, "AH, YOU'RE GOING TO DIE. [\h__\h] IT." AND THEY DIE. SO, some questions can only be answered with some questions can only be answered with some questions can only be answered with a stereotype. That's my point. But these a stereotype. That's my point. But these a stereotype. That's my point. But these stereotypes were obviously used in the stereotypes were obviously used in the stereotypes were obviously used in the past to kind of make life harder for past to kind of make life harder for past to kind of make life harder for women. But, uh, now some people think women. But, uh, now some people think women. But, uh, now some people think maybe life is harder for men because of maybe life is harder for men because of maybe life is harder for men because of the whole me too movement. I don't know the whole me too movement. I don't know the whole me too movement. I don't know about that. But what I do know is that about that. But what I do know is that about that. But what I do know is that no man could deal with the me too no man could deal with the me too no man could deal with the me too hashtag. Like no, not even the really hashtag. Like no, not even the really hashtag. Like no, not even the really woke liberal good guys. Like I've got a woke liberal good guys. Like I've got a woke liberal good guys. Like I've got a friend who's a real good guy, you know, friend who's a real good guy, you know, friend who's a real good guy, you know, like like one of them. And he um he's like like one of them. And he um he's like like one of them. And he um he's always blogging about why we can't eat always blogging about why we can't eat always blogging about why we can't eat prawns or something. Nonsense. And uh prawns or something. Nonsense. And uh prawns or something. Nonsense. And uh he's like, "OH, THIS HARASSMENT STUFF'S he's like, "OH, THIS HARASSMENT STUFF'S he's like, "OH, THIS HARASSMENT STUFF'S TERRIBLE, ISN'T IT? HARASSMENT STUFF." TERRIBLE, ISN'T IT? HARASSMENT STUFF." TERRIBLE, ISN'T IT? HARASSMENT STUFF." OH, makes you want to castrate yourself. OH, makes you want to castrate yourself. OH, makes you want to castrate yourself. What? What? What? That's what he said. Every man should That's what he said. Every man should That's what he said. Every man should just castrate himself. It's like, come just castrate himself. It's like, come just castrate himself. It's like, come on, mate. That's such a male response, on, mate. That's such a male response, on, mate. That's such a male response, isn't it? Cuz women still want to have isn't it? Cuz women still want to have isn't it? Cuz women still want to have sex. They just don't want to be sex. They just don't want to be sex. They just don't want to be harassed. Right. So if women are like, harassed. Right. So if women are like, harassed. Right. So if women are like, "Hey, could you stop harassing us?" AND "Hey, could you stop harassing us?" AND "Hey, could you stop harassing us?" AND MEN GO, "OH, RIGHT. I SEE. WELL, I GUESS MEN GO, "OH, RIGHT. I SEE. WELL, I GUESS MEN GO, "OH, RIGHT. I SEE. WELL, I GUESS I DON'T NEED THIS ANYMORE. SHOCK." I DON'T NEED THIS ANYMORE. SHOCK." I DON'T NEED THIS ANYMORE. SHOCK." Surely women are like, "No, I still want Surely women are like, "No, I still want Surely women are like, "No, I still want to have sex just more on my terms." But to have sex just more on my terms." But to have sex just more on my terms." But then we're like, "No, no, those are your then we're like, "No, no, those are your then we're like, "No, no, those are your options. Either we can harass YOU OR IT'S Either we can harass YOU OR IT'S Either we can harass YOU OR IT'S NOTHING. THE SPECIES ENDS. PICK A TEAM, NOTHING. THE SPECIES ENDS. PICK A TEAM, NOTHING. THE SPECIES ENDS. PICK A TEAM, KAREN. >> [applause] >> I like the mix of different people that >> I like the mix of different people that >> I like the mix of different people that we get in the UK. I don't agree with we get in the UK. I don't agree with we get in the UK. I don't agree with UKIP. UKIP say we got too many UKIP. UKIP say we got too many UKIP. UKIP say we got too many foreigners in this country. I done a bit foreigners in this country. I done a bit foreigners in this country. I done a bit of research on my own and the fact is of research on my own and the fact is of research on my own and the fact is there's actually a lot more foreigners there's actually a lot more foreigners there's actually a lot more foreigners in other countries. I agree with you on the Euro. I don't I agree with you on the Euro. I don't I agree with you on the Euro. I don't think we should get the euro. I think think we should get the euro. I think think we should get the euro. I think that'll be bad for business. I mean, that'll be bad for business. I mean, that'll be bad for business. I mean, Poundland's buggered. I think we got it pretty good in the UK I think we got it pretty good in the UK I think we got it pretty good in the UK is what I think. But people still love is what I think. But people still love is what I think. But people still love to complain in it. ARE YOU ALL RIGHT? to complain in it. ARE YOU ALL RIGHT? to complain in it. ARE YOU ALL RIGHT? NO. WHAT'S WRONG? My phone battery died. NO. WHAT'S WRONG? My phone battery died. NO. WHAT'S WRONG? My phone battery died. Are you all right? No. I'm well stressed Are you all right? No. I'm well stressed Are you all right? No. I'm well stressed about what I'm going to wear. H. Are you about what I'm going to wear. H. Are you about what I'm going to wear. H. Are you all right? No. Got like irritable all right? No. Got like irritable all right? No. Got like irritable bowels. What do you think people bowels. What do you think people bowels. What do you think people complain about them sorts of things in complain about them sorts of things in complain about them sorts of things in countries where they don't have countries where they don't have countries where they don't have everything that we does? I mean, can you everything that we does? I mean, can you everything that we does? I mean, can you imagine the children in need appeal? And imagine the children in need appeal? And imagine the children in need appeal? And you got scenes all across Africa. You you got scenes all across Africa. You you got scenes all across Africa. You got the cheesy charity music in the got the cheesy charity music in the got the cheesy charity music in the background. You got Dean Gaffne looking background. You got Dean Gaffne looking background. You got Dean Gaffne looking emotional down the camera. emotional down the camera. emotional down the camera. Got an African child next to him. Got an African child next to him. Got an African child next to him. And Baisy is just 12 years of age. And Baisy is just another victim here in And Baisy is just another victim here in And Baisy is just another victim here in Africa. And Baisy needs your help. Africa. And Baisy needs your help. Africa. And Baisy needs your help. And Baisy And Baisy And Baisy is gluten intolerant. is gluten intolerant. is gluten intolerant. And if he attempts to eat rice or bread And if he attempts to eat rice or bread And if he attempts to eat rice or bread or certain types of musli, or certain types of musli, or certain types of musli, he gets a slightly BLOATED FEEL IN HIS he gets a slightly BLOATED FEEL IN HIS he gets a slightly BLOATED FEEL IN HIS TUMMY. TUMMY. TUMMY. Please give generously. Please give generously. Please give generously. 2 allowing Baisy to buy some gluten-free 2 allowing Baisy to buy some gluten-free 2 allowing Baisy to buy some gluten-free hummus. hummus. hummus. 5 will allow him to have the time he 5 will allow him to have the time he 5 will allow him to have the time he needs to regularly tweet about his needs to regularly tweet about his needs to regularly tweet about his condition. condition. condition. And 20 will mean Baisy can make the And 20 will mean Baisy can make the And 20 will mean Baisy can make the lifechanging visit he needs to Holland lifechanging visit he needs to Holland lifechanging visit he needs to Holland and Barrett. I got to get going. I got to get out of I got to get going. I got to get out of I got to get going. I got to get out of here. Yeah, I'm proper knackered, man. here. Yeah, I'm proper knackered, man. here. Yeah, I'm proper knackered, man. When you have a kid, kiss goodbye to When you have a kid, kiss goodbye to When you have a kid, kiss goodbye to sleep. That is for sure, people. Last sleep. That is for sure, people. Last sleep. That is for sure, people. Last night about 4:00 in the morning, I'm night about 4:00 in the morning, I'm night about 4:00 in the morning, I'm spark out in my bed. I'm in there and it spark out in my bed. I'm in there and it spark out in my bed. I'm in there and it little boy comes into me room. Daddy. little boy comes into me room. Daddy. little boy comes into me room. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Yeah. Can I come and sleep in your bed? Yeah. Can I come and sleep in your bed? Yeah. Can I come and sleep in your bed? I've wet my bid. I've wet my bid. I've wet my bid. Of course you can. In you come. Now I Of course you can. In you come. Now I Of course you can. In you come. Now I warn you, I've had too much to drink and warn you, I've had too much to drink and warn you, I've had too much to drink and I've done the same myself. I've done the same myself. I've done the same myself. Whenever I talk about my proca punch, Whenever I talk about my proca punch, Whenever I talk about my proca punch, there's always a very specific laugh in there's always a very specific laugh in there's always a very specific laugh in the audience. I've learned to recognize the audience. I've learned to recognize the audience. I've learned to recognize it. It's just over there tonight. It's it. It's just over there tonight. It's it. It's just over there tonight. It's this. [laughter] And I know what it is now. That is the And I know what it is now. That is the And I know what it is now. That is the laugh of a thin yoga woman. laugh of a thin yoga woman. laugh of a thin yoga woman. And I know what the laugh means. LAUGH And I know what the laugh means. LAUGH And I know what the laugh means. LAUGH WAS LIKE, "THAT'S FUNNY, BUT I'D kill WAS LIKE, "THAT'S FUNNY, BUT I'D kill WAS LIKE, "THAT'S FUNNY, BUT I'D kill myself if I look like you." But I promise you, there's advantages to But I promise you, there's advantages to But I promise you, there's advantages to having a procco punch. MAKE SOME NOISE having a procco punch. MAKE SOME NOISE having a procco punch. MAKE SOME NOISE IF YOU GOT ONE. [cheering] IF YOU GOT ONE. [cheering] IF YOU GOT ONE. [cheering] >> Two female laugh for the bodies in the >> Two female laugh for the bodies in the >> Two female laugh for the bodies in the room. room. room. >> Don't be shy, lads. I can see you. It's >> Don't be shy, lads. I can see you. It's >> Don't be shy, lads. I can see you. It's quite well lit. quite well lit. quite well lit. >> Let's try that again. We're all being >> Let's try that again. We're all being >> Let's try that again. We're all being honest about ourselves. Give us a cheer honest about ourselves. Give us a cheer honest about ourselves. Give us a cheer if YOU GOT A PROCCO PORCH. if YOU GOT A PROCCO PORCH. if YOU GOT A PROCCO PORCH. BOYS, BOYS, BOYS. BOYS, BOYS, BOYS. BOYS, BOYS, BOYS. The thing is, if you have a procco The thing is, if you have a procco The thing is, if you have a procco punch, there are advantages to it, punch, there are advantages to it, punch, there are advantages to it, right? Two main ones I can think of. right? Two main ones I can think of. right? Two main ones I can think of. Number one, I don't want to be crude, Number one, I don't want to be crude, Number one, I don't want to be crude, but I can take some hammer. but I can take some hammer. but I can take some hammer. Yeah. Yeah, it's true. I can give you a Yeah. Yeah, it's true. I can give you a Yeah. Yeah, it's true. I can give you a list of names that can attest to that as list of names that can attest to that as list of names that can attest to that as well, well, well, not surnames. Now, the other thing is my proca porch Now, the other thing is my proca porch Now, the other thing is my proca porch always GIVES ME THE GREATEST slice of always GIVES ME THE GREATEST slice of always GIVES ME THE GREATEST slice of joy, right? You know those three joy, right? You know those three joy, right? You know those three incredibly hot days we get that we pass incredibly hot days we get that we pass incredibly hot days we get that we pass off as the summer, right? I absolutely off as the summer, right? I absolutely off as the summer, right? I absolutely love those because that's when I get all love those because that's when I get all love those because that's when I get all my tanning done. I'm take it very my tanning done. I'm take it very my tanning done. I'm take it very seriously. I go and get a chair from the seriously. I go and get a chair from the seriously. I go and get a chair from the kitchen. I go and put it slap bang in kitchen. I go and put it slap bang in kitchen. I go and put it slap bang in the middle of my garden, right? Cuz all the middle of my garden, right? Cuz all the middle of my garden, right? Cuz all the sun hits there. I've not got outdoor the sun hits there. I've not got outdoor the sun hits there. I've not got outdoor furniture. I'm not a Tory. So I pop it furniture. I'm not a Tory. So I pop it furniture. I'm not a Tory. So I pop it there there there and then I get as uh I get as naked as and then I get as uh I get as naked as and then I get as uh I get as naked as is legally possible. So I've got full is legally possible. So I've got full is legally possible. So I've got full spananiel's ears out. Smallest knickers spananiel's ears out. Smallest knickers spananiel's ears out. Smallest knickers I can find. You might be worrying about I can find. You might be worrying about I can find. You might be worrying about me now because this is obviously filmed me now because this is obviously filmed me now because this is obviously filmed in London. I live in the countryside. in London. I live in the countryside. in London. I live in the countryside. I've not really got neighbors. I've got I've not really got neighbors. I've got I've not really got neighbors. I've got one lad who can see into my garden. He's one lad who can see into my garden. He's one lad who can see into my garden. He's depressed. He's not looking out his depressed. He's not looking out his depressed. He's not looking out his window for three weeks. We're fine, window for three weeks. We're fine, window for three weeks. We're fine, right? right? right? I also get very precious when I'm doing I also get very precious when I'm doing I also get very precious when I'm doing my tanning, right? Very precious. So, my tanning, right? Very precious. So, my tanning, right? Very precious. So, what I'll do is I'll um I roll my what I'll do is I'll um I roll my what I'll do is I'll um I roll my knickers down as small as I can get them knickers down as small as I can get them knickers down as small as I can get them cuz I'm like, I don't want tan lines. cuz I'm like, I don't want tan lines. cuz I'm like, I don't want tan lines. Actually, I don't want tan lines. I got Actually, I don't want tan lines. I got Actually, I don't want tan lines. I got a bush like a badger, BUT I DON'T WANT a bush like a badger, BUT I DON'T WANT a bush like a badger, BUT I DON'T WANT TAN LINES. IT'S GOT TV. I DON'T WANT TAN TAN LINES. IT'S GOT TV. I DON'T WANT TAN TAN LINES. IT'S GOT TV. I DON'T WANT TAN LINES. I'm not allowed no cows. So, I lie there drinking it in. And as I So, I lie there drinking it in. And as I So, I lie there drinking it in. And as I lie there, think to myself, you know lie there, think to myself, you know lie there, think to myself, you know what? I am going to get up AND I AM what? I am going to get up AND I AM what? I am going to get up AND I AM GOING TO GO TO the freezer and I am GOING TO GO TO the freezer and I am GOING TO GO TO the freezer and I am going to treat myself to a third magnum going to treat myself to a third magnum going to treat myself to a third magnum of the day of the day of the day cuz I'm a special princess and I do cuz I'm a special princess and I do cuz I'm a special princess and I do deserve it. deserve it. deserve it. [cheering] Thank you [cheering] Thank you [cheering] Thank you for all the people who are allowed ice for all the people who are allowed ice for all the people who are allowed ice cream up there in that one section. cream up there in that one section. cream up there in that one section. Lactose intolerant in the stores, Lactose intolerant in the stores, Lactose intolerant in the stores, closer to the toilets. It makes sense. So, I'll decide I'm going to treat So, I'll decide I'm going to treat So, I'll decide I'm going to treat myself to that magnum. And then I'll myself to that magnum. And then I'll myself to that magnum. And then I'll wait another 40 minutes till I can wait another 40 minutes till I can wait another 40 minutes till I can actually be asked to get up and get it. actually be asked to get up and get it. actually be asked to get up and get it. And then when I get up and get it, this And then when I get up and get it, this And then when I get up and get it, this is where my procco podge really steps is where my procco podge really steps is where my procco podge really steps up. BECAUSE AS I STAND UP, I WILL HEAR up. BECAUSE AS I STAND UP, I WILL HEAR up. BECAUSE AS I STAND UP, I WILL HEAR THE sound of my own gunt peeling off the THE sound of my own gunt peeling off the THE sound of my own gunt peeling off the top of my own leg. top of my own leg. top of my own leg. Yeah. Don't go uh Don't pretend you're Yeah. Don't go uh Don't pretend you're Yeah. Don't go uh Don't pretend you're not turned on. It's embarrassing. not turned on. It's embarrassing. not turned on. It's embarrassing. It's an incredible noise. It's like It's an incredible noise. It's like It's an incredible noise. It's like this. this. this. That's my mating call. That's my mating call. That's my mating call. It is. I just hear bald heads along the It is. I just hear bald heads along the It is. I just hear bald heads along the fence like that. fence like that. fence like that. Just divorced dads who are like, "Is Just divorced dads who are like, "Is Just divorced dads who are like, "Is that low self-esteem?" I can hear. that low self-esteem?" I can hear. that low self-esteem?" I can hear. Do you want to come to Pizza Hut and be Do you want to come to Pizza Hut and be Do you want to come to Pizza Hut and be a mum for two hours? >> I hated teaching and it's a brilliant, >> I hated teaching and it's a brilliant, >> I hated teaching and it's a brilliant, wonderful, noble profession. Obviously, wonderful, noble profession. Obviously, wonderful, noble profession. Obviously, teaching. I hated it cuz I didn't want teaching. I hated it cuz I didn't want teaching. I hated it cuz I didn't want to do it. The only thing that got me to do it. The only thing that got me to do it. The only thing that got me through those years were children through those years were children through those years were children because some of you parents will know because some of you parents will know because some of you parents will know children are wonderful and children are wonderful and children are wonderful and weird. weird. weird. I used to teach a class in North London. I used to teach a class in North London. I used to teach a class in North London. You'll think I'm exaggerating this. I'm You'll think I'm exaggerating this. I'm You'll think I'm exaggerating this. I'm not. This is just one class I'm talking not. This is just one class I'm talking not. This is just one class I'm talking about. They were the strangest group of about. They were the strangest group of about. They were the strangest group of human beings I have ever seen assembled human beings I have ever seen assembled human beings I have ever seen assembled in one place. Right? They were the in one place. Right? They were the in one place. Right? They were the strangest group of human beings ever in strangest group of human beings ever in strangest group of human beings ever in one. And I include all of the series of one. And I include all of the series of one. And I include all of the series of Big Brother in that. Right, I'll talk Big Brother in that. Right, I'll talk Big Brother in that. Right, I'll talk you through some of them. There was a you through some of them. There was a you through some of them. There was a child called Marwood in that class, child called Marwood in that class, child called Marwood in that class, which isn't a real name, let's be which isn't a real name, let's be which isn't a real name, let's be honest. He was absolutely on a different honest. He was absolutely on a different honest. He was absolutely on a different planet to the rest of us. I'll prove it. planet to the rest of us. I'll prove it. planet to the rest of us. I'll prove it. I once said to him, "Marwood, what are I once said to him, "Marwood, what are I once said to him, "Marwood, what are you going to do when you leave school?" you going to do when you leave school?" you going to do when you leave school?" Straight away, he said, "Well, I'm going Straight away, he said, "Well, I'm going Straight away, he said, "Well, I'm going to be one of two things, sir. I'm going to be one of two things, sir. I'm going to be one of two things, sir. I'm going to be a gynecologist or a train driver." to be a gynecologist or a train driver." to be a gynecologist or a train driver." I said, "They're rather contrasting I said, "They're rather contrasting I said, "They're rather contrasting professions, Marwood. This is only funny professions, Marwood. This is only funny professions, Marwood. This is only funny if you believe me." Wasn't trying to be if you believe me." Wasn't trying to be if you believe me." Wasn't trying to be funny at this point. He went, "Yeah, funny at this point. He went, "Yeah, funny at this point. He went, "Yeah, yeah, they are, aren't they, sir?" I yeah, they are, aren't they, sir?" I yeah, they are, aren't they, sir?" I suppose at the end of the day, I just suppose at the end of the day, I just suppose at the end of the day, I just like tunnels. Fortunately, there was a child in that Fortunately, there was a child in that Fortunately, there was a child in that class that made up for all of them. Her class that made up for all of them. Her class that made up for all of them. Her name was Karen Pal. She was my favorite name was Karen Pal. She was my favorite name was Karen Pal. She was my favorite student of all time. She was 11 years of student of all time. She was 11 years of student of all time. She was 11 years of age, this big, and had two fascinating age, this big, and had two fascinating age, this big, and had two fascinating characteristics. Number one, her characteristics. Number one, her characteristics. Number one, her internal compass was buggered, right? internal compass was buggered, right? internal compass was buggered, right? So, she was 10 minutes late to every So, she was 10 minutes late to every So, she was 10 minutes late to every single lesson, and the school wasn't single lesson, and the school wasn't single lesson, and the school wasn't that big. 10 minutes late. The second that big. 10 minutes late. The second that big. 10 minutes late. The second was even though she was 11, she spoke was even though she was 11, she spoke was even though she was 11, she spoke for reasons best known to our creator for reasons best known to our creator for reasons best known to our creator like an repressed 1940s housewife. like an repressed 1940s housewife. like an repressed 1940s housewife. And if I'm exaggerating this, I am not And if I'm exaggerating this, I am not And if I'm exaggerating this, I am not exaggerating it. She would come into my exaggerating it. She would come into my exaggerating it. She would come into my class like this. Hello, sir. How are you class like this. Hello, sir. How are you class like this. Hello, sir. How are you today? today? today? I say, I'm fine, thanks. Karen, how are I say, I'm fine, thanks. Karen, how are I say, I'm fine, thanks. Karen, how are you? SHE GOES, YES, I'M VERY WELL, you? SHE GOES, YES, I'M VERY WELL, you? SHE GOES, YES, I'M VERY WELL, THANKS. THANKS. THANKS. I MUST SAY, I'M VERY MUCH LOOKING I MUST SAY, I'M VERY MUCH LOOKING I MUST SAY, I'M VERY MUCH LOOKING FORWARD TO TODAY'S IMPROVISATION. FORWARD TO TODAY'S IMPROVISATION. FORWARD TO TODAY'S IMPROVISATION. I'll give you an example of her compass. I'll give you an example of her compass. I'll give you an example of her compass. She came to see me after a lesson. This She came to see me after a lesson. This She came to see me after a lesson. This is more verbatim quote. She went, is more verbatim quote. She went, is more verbatim quote. She went, "Excuse me, sir. Can I have a word with "Excuse me, sir. Can I have a word with "Excuse me, sir. Can I have a word with you, please?" "Well, of course, you can you, please?" "Well, of course, you can you, please?" "Well, of course, you can carry on. What's the problem?" She goes, carry on. What's the problem?" She goes, carry on. What's the problem?" She goes, "I just wanted to say that I thought my "I just wanted to say that I thought my "I just wanted to say that I thought my performance in your lesson today was a performance in your lesson today was a performance in your lesson today was a little below par." little below par." little below par." I said, "Really? I thought you were I said, "Really? I thought you were I said, "Really? I thought you were great." "No, no. I thought my use of great." "No, no. I thought my use of great." "No, no. I thought my use of characterization was paper thin. Thought characterization was paper thin. Thought characterization was paper thin. Thought the way I moved around the space was the way I moved around the space was the way I moved around the space was appalling. And my group work was appalling. And my group work was appalling. And my group work was something to be condemned. and I would something to be condemned. and I would something to be condemned. and I would like to offer you my most humble of like to offer you my most humble of like to offer you my most humble of apologies. apologies. apologies. I said, "You listen to me, Karen Pal. I said, "You listen to me, Karen Pal. I said, "You listen to me, Karen Pal. You never need to apologize to me. You You never need to apologize to me. You You never need to apologize to me. You are my favorite pupil because you make are my favorite pupil because you make are my favorite pupil because you make me laugh my head off." me laugh my head off." me laugh my head off." Now go outside and enjoy your lunchtime. Now go outside and enjoy your lunchtime. Now go outside and enjoy your lunchtime. You've deserved it. She said, "You know You've deserved it. She said, "You know You've deserved it. She said, "You know what? I think I will." I turned round at that point to do a I turned round at that point to do a I turned round at that point to do a little bit of admin. Ladies and little bit of admin. Ladies and little bit of admin. Ladies and gentlemen, Karen was then faced with a gentlemen, Karen was then faced with a gentlemen, Karen was then faced with a choice. She could leave my room via the choice. She could leave my room via the choice. She could leave my room via the only exit only exit only exit or she could go into my costume or she could go into my costume or she could go into my costume cupboard. cupboard. cupboard. I don't know what happened, but for I don't know what happened, but for I don't know what happened, but for safety, I'll tell you this. I locked my safety, I'll tell you this. I locked my safety, I'll tell you this. I locked my costume cupboard before I went for my costume cupboard before I went for my costume cupboard before I went for my lunch. Then I went away for a whole lunch. Then I went away for a whole lunch. Then I went away for a whole hour. When I came back, I opened the hour. When I came back, I opened the hour. When I came back, I opened the cupboard and I swear to you, that child cupboard and I swear to you, that child cupboard and I swear to you, that child was standing with her back to me in a was standing with her back to me in a was standing with her back to me in a scene from the Diddy Man remake of the scene from the Diddy Man remake of the scene from the Diddy Man remake of the Blair Witch Project just doing this. AND I WENT, SHE WENT, "HELLO, SIR." AND I WENT, SHE WENT, "HELLO, SIR." AND I WENT, SHE WENT, "HELLO, SIR." I SAID, "HAVE YOU BEEN IN THERE FOR A I SAID, "HAVE YOU BEEN IN THERE FOR A I SAID, "HAVE YOU BEEN IN THERE FOR A WHOLE HOUR?" SHE SAID, "I'M RATHER WHOLE HOUR?" SHE SAID, "I'M RATHER WHOLE HOUR?" SHE SAID, "I'M RATHER AFRAID I HAVE." AFRAID I HAVE." AFRAID I HAVE." I said, "OH MY GOD, I AM SO SORRY." SHE I said, "OH MY GOD, I AM SO SORRY." SHE I said, "OH MY GOD, I AM SO SORRY." SHE SAID, "DON'T you apologize to me. I'VE SAID, "DON'T you apologize to me. I'VE SAID, "DON'T you apologize to me. I'VE ONLY GOT MYSELF TO BLAME. I'LL SEE YOU ONLY GOT MYSELF TO BLAME. I'LL SEE YOU ONLY GOT MYSELF TO BLAME. I'LL SEE YOU LATER. LATER. LATER. >> The most sexually adventurous thing I >> The most sexually adventurous thing I >> The most sexually adventurous thing I ever did, I did it when I was single. ever did, I did it when I was single. ever did, I did it when I was single. When I was single, I ordered the number When I was single, I ordered the number When I was single, I ordered the number one vibrator on the Love Honey website. one vibrator on the Love Honey website. one vibrator on the Love Honey website. And the Love Honey website is a sex toy And the Love Honey website is a sex toy And the Love Honey website is a sex toy website for those of you pretending not website for those of you pretending not website for those of you pretending not to know. to know. to know. I kind of ordered it out of spite, I kind of ordered it out of spite, I kind of ordered it out of spite, right? Because one of my exes called me right? Because one of my exes called me right? Because one of my exes called me approved, which I think is such an approved, which I think is such an approved, which I think is such an extreme thing to call someone. I don't extreme thing to call someone. I don't extreme thing to call someone. I don't think I did anything to warrant that. think I did anything to warrant that. think I did anything to warrant that. The only thing I can think of maybe is The only thing I can think of maybe is The only thing I can think of maybe is once I said that I don't like morning once I said that I don't like morning once I said that I don't like morning sex. That's not a big deal. That doesn't sex. That's not a big deal. That doesn't sex. That's not a big deal. That doesn't mean that I'm not sex positive. I just mean that I'm not sex positive. I just mean that I'm not sex positive. I just don't think you should do something that don't think you should do something that don't think you should do something that disgusting in the morning. disgusting in the morning. disgusting in the morning. Not whilst the blackbird is singing his Not whilst the blackbird is singing his Not whilst the blackbird is singing his morning tune. morning tune. morning tune. But I went on the website. It was late But I went on the website. It was late But I went on the website. It was late at night. I just ordered the first one at night. I just ordered the first one at night. I just ordered the first one on the list cuz I thought that will be on the list cuz I thought that will be on the list cuz I thought that will be good. That will probably be quite nice. good. That will probably be quite nice. good. That will probably be quite nice. The thing that arrived is so terrifying. The thing that arrived is so terrifying. The thing that arrived is so terrifying. It plugs directly into the wall. It plugs directly into the wall. It plugs directly into the wall. It has one of those on the end of it. It It has one of those on the end of it. It It has one of those on the end of it. It uses mains electricity. uses mains electricity. uses mains electricity. It needs to be pat tested. I just find that so threatening cuz I I just find that so threatening cuz I I just find that so threatening cuz I think what that's basically saying is think what that's basically saying is think what that's basically saying is what I'm about to do to you what I'm about to do to you what I'm about to do to you couldn't possibly be done with a couldn't possibly be done with a couldn't possibly be done with a battery. battery. battery. I'm going to need that same stuff that I'm going to need that same stuff that I'm going to need that same stuff that powers your fridge. powers your fridge. powers your fridge. It's huge. It's bigger than this. It It's huge. It's bigger than this. It It's huge. It's bigger than this. It looks like a piece of farming equipment looks like a piece of farming equipment looks like a piece of farming equipment from the industrial revolution. from the industrial revolution. from the industrial revolution. But it's called a wand. There is nothing But it's called a wand. There is nothing But it's called a wand. There is nothing magical about it. I've never seen this magical about it. I've never seen this magical about it. I've never seen this type of vibrator before. All the type of vibrator before. All the type of vibrator before. All the vibrators that I've seen advertised vibrators that I've seen advertised vibrators that I've seen advertised online are very small and portable and online are very small and portable and online are very small and portable and they're not making big claims. They're they're not making big claims. They're they're not making big claims. They're just happy to live in your bedside just happy to live in your bedside just happy to live in your bedside drawer and they'll be there like, "Okay, drawer and they'll be there like, "Okay, drawer and they'll be there like, "Okay, girl. I'm here if you need me." Like, if girl. I'm here if you need me." Like, if girl. I'm here if you need me." Like, if you and your partner get like super you and your partner get like super you and your partner get like super super drunk one night, maybe you could super drunk one night, maybe you could super drunk one night, maybe you could experiment with me for a little bit. experiment with me for a little bit. experiment with me for a little bit. Honestly, I might not do anything, but I Honestly, I might not do anything, but I Honestly, I might not do anything, but I might speed things along for you a might speed things along for you a might speed things along for you a little bit. Either way, no worries if little bit. Either way, no worries if little bit. Either way, no worries if not. Whereas my vibrator is just next to not. Whereas my vibrator is just next to not. Whereas my vibrator is just next to the BED LIKE, "DO YOU WANT TO MEET GOD? the BED LIKE, "DO YOU WANT TO MEET GOD? >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> NOT REALLY. It doesn't even fit in the >> NOT REALLY. It doesn't even fit in the >> NOT REALLY. It doesn't even fit in the bedside drawer. It's just curled up on bedside drawer. It's just curled up on bedside drawer. It's just curled up on the floor like a python. And after it arrived, I was like, "Is And after it arrived, I was like, "Is And after it arrived, I was like, "Is this the right thing?" Cuz I checked on this the right thing?" Cuz I checked on this the right thing?" Cuz I checked on the website cuz I thought maybe it got the website cuz I thought maybe it got the website cuz I thought maybe it got mixed up with like an order meant for mixed up with like an order meant for mixed up with like an order meant for Guantanamo Bay. Guantanamo Bay. Guantanamo Bay. It was the right thing. Not only that, I It was the right thing. Not only that, I It was the right thing. Not only that, I read the description for the first time. read the description for the first time. read the description for the first time. It said in the description, "This is the It said in the description, "This is the It said in the description, "This is the world's most powerful vibrator." world's most powerful vibrator." world's most powerful vibrator." I don't think I need that. I need I don't think I need that. I need I don't think I need that. I need absolute max. A whisper on the wind. absolute max. A whisper on the wind. absolute max. A whisper on the wind. The world's most powerful vibrator. You The world's most powerful vibrator. You The world's most powerful vibrator. You shouldn't be able to buy that without a shouldn't be able to buy that without a shouldn't be able to buy that without a license. license. license. Underneath as well, it said, "The Underneath as well, it said, "The Underneath as well, it said, "The vibrator will turn off automatically vibrator will turn off automatically vibrator will turn off automatically after 20 minutes for your safety." after 20 minutes for your safety." after 20 minutes for your safety." 21 minutes. And there's a danger of 21 minutes. And there's a danger of 21 minutes. And there's a danger of death. I can't even I don't even want to sh It I can't even I don't even want to sh It I can't even I don't even want to sh It cost £90. cost £90. cost £90. So, I felt like I had to try it because So, I felt like I had to try it because So, I felt like I had to try it because I spent so much money and I I don't I I spent so much money and I I don't I I spent so much money and I I don't I don't even have a plug next to my bed. I don't even have a plug next to my bed. I don't even have a plug next to my bed. I had to get the extension cable. had to get the extension cable. had to get the extension cable. That felt desperate. That felt desperate. That felt desperate. I turned it on onto the lowest setting. I turned it on onto the lowest setting. I turned it on onto the lowest setting. It had a settings. I turned it on to It had a settings. I turned it on to It had a settings. I turned it on to setting one. [groaning] setting one. [groaning] setting one. [groaning] It was so loud. I was like, there's It was so loud. I was like, there's It was so loud. I was like, there's nothing private about this experience. nothing private about this experience. nothing private about this experience. The neighbors are going to think I'm The neighbors are going to think I'm The neighbors are going to think I'm having a new kitchen put in. At having a new kitchen put in. At having a new kitchen put in. At midnight, they're going to call the midnight, they're going to call the midnight, they're going to call the council. Well, no, they're not calling council. Well, no, they're not calling council. Well, no, they're not calling anyone. They don't have any power right anyone. They don't have any power right anyone. They don't have any power right now. now. now. I tried it just for like one maybe two I tried it just for like one maybe two I tried it just for like one maybe two seconds and I was like, I can smell seconds and I was like, I can smell seconds and I was like, I can smell burning. burning. burning. I can't use this thing. It's going to I can't use this thing. It's going to I can't use this thing. It's going to sand me down. It's going to erode. I'm sand me down. It's going to erode. I'm sand me down. It's going to erode. I'm going to be flat over. There'll be going to be flat over. There'll be going to be flat over. There'll be nothing left like Barbie. But it had eight settings. But it had eight settings. But it had eight settings. I thought, I have to see what setting 8 I thought, I have to see what setting 8 I thought, I have to see what setting 8 does. Not on myself. I know my limits. I does. Not on myself. I know my limits. I does. Not on myself. I know my limits. I just turned it up to setting eight in just turned it up to setting eight in just turned it up to setting eight in the sky. [\h__\h] me. I was like, I'm going the sky. [\h__\h] me. I was like, I'm going the sky. [\h__\h] me. I was like, I'm going to rip a hole in the space-time to rip a hole in the space-time to rip a hole in the space-time continuum. continuum. continuum. The cable was the more middle class The cable was the more middle class The cable was the more middle class option. Yes. No, we don't want a option. Yes. No, we don't want a option. Yes. No, we don't want a satellite dish sticking out the side of satellite dish sticking out the side of satellite dish sticking out the side of our house. No, thank you. I think it our house. No, thank you. I think it our house. No, thank you. I think it looks really quite naff. Yeah. Whereas looks really quite naff. Yeah. Whereas looks really quite naff. Yeah. Whereas the working class, the satellite dish the working class, the satellite dish the working class, the satellite dish was the key selling point. was the key selling point. was the key selling point. If you're paying £25 a month, you want If you're paying £25 a month, you want If you're paying £25 a month, you want your neighbors to know that you are better than them. that you are better than them. that you are better than them. And we had Sky through a dish 1997. You And we had Sky through a dish 1997. You And we had Sky through a dish 1997. You could be watching Old School Sky in the could be watching Old School Sky in the could be watching Old School Sky in the living room, watching it on the main TV, living room, watching it on the main TV, living room, watching it on the main TV, but you could also go upstairs to the but you could also go upstairs to the but you could also go upstairs to the bedroom TVs, turn to a certain channel, bedroom TVs, turn to a certain channel, bedroom TVs, turn to a certain channel, and watch Sky in the bedroom, but only and watch Sky in the bedroom, but only and watch Sky in the bedroom, but only what the person in the living room what the person in the living room what the person in the living room was watching. I don't know the intrinsic was watching. I don't know the intrinsic was watching. I don't know the intrinsic technical explanation as to why this technical explanation as to why this technical explanation as to why this happened, but it just did. happened, but it just did. happened, but it just did. Saturday nights, me and my dad. I'm on Saturday nights, me and my dad. I'm on Saturday nights, me and my dad. I'm on the couch. He's in his chair. My mom's the couch. He's in his chair. My mom's the couch. He's in his chair. My mom's in bed. My brother's out with his pals. in bed. My brother's out with his pals. in bed. My brother's out with his pals. Just me and the old man watching match Just me and the old man watching match Just me and the old man watching match of the day, watching the highlights. It of the day, watching the highlights. It of the day, watching the highlights. It gets to the kind of shite games. And I gets to the kind of shite games. And I gets to the kind of shite games. And I say, "Right, I think I'm [snorts] I say, "Right, I think I'm [snorts] I say, "Right, I think I'm [snorts] I think I'm going to go to bed, Dad. think I'm going to go to bed, Dad. think I'm going to go to bed, Dad. Good night. And he would continue the sherad and he And he would continue the sherad and he And he would continue the sherad and he said, "Are you off to bed, son? Good said, "Are you off to bed, son? Good said, "Are you off to bed, son? Good night." And there was that mutual father and And there was that mutual father and And there was that mutual father and son. We both know what the plan is here. I would I would casually exit the living I would I would casually exit the living I would I would casually exit the living room nice and slowly. Good night. Hit room nice and slowly. Good night. Hit room nice and slowly. Good night. Hit the hallway and race up the stairs. the hallway and race up the stairs. the hallway and race up the stairs. Don't even consider looking in the Don't even consider looking in the Don't even consider looking in the fridge. Eyes on the prize. fridge. Eyes on the prize. fridge. Eyes on the prize. Upstairs. Bedroom TV switched on. Go to Upstairs. Bedroom TV switched on. Go to Upstairs. Bedroom TV switched on. Go to number six. That's you see what he's number six. That's you see what he's number six. That's you see what he's watching. TVs are synchronized. Six. watching. TVs are synchronized. Six. watching. TVs are synchronized. Six. We're in. He's in control. A few minutes go by and he's still A few minutes go by and he's still A few minutes go by and he's still watching match of the day. That's fine. watching match of the day. That's fine. watching match of the day. That's fine. He must be giving it a few minutes. You He must be giving it a few minutes. You He must be giving it a few minutes. You don't want to make it too obvious. don't want to make it too obvious. don't want to make it too obvious. He's done this before. Five minutes go by. He's still watching Five minutes go by. He's still watching Five minutes go by. He's still watching match of the day. I'm thinking, come on, match of the day. I'm thinking, come on, match of the day. I'm thinking, come on, stick to the plan. Andy, I'm looking at the bottom left of the I'm looking at the bottom left of the I'm looking at the bottom left of the screen, waiting for the numbers to get screen, waiting for the numbers to get screen, waiting for the numbers to get typed in. The numbers that could make or break the The numbers that could make or break the The numbers that could make or break the evening's entertainment. Give me your numbers, Andy. Come on. Give me your numbers, Andy. Come on. Give me your numbers, Andy. Come on. Nine. That's a good start. Nine. Could not have hoped for a better start than a not have hoped for a better start than a not have hoped for a better start than a nine. Now 05 the 10-minute free view. You're a dirty bastard, Dad. But I love You're a dirty bastard, Dad. But I love You're a dirty bastard, Dad. But I love you. So, we've got some celebrities in as So, we've got some celebrities in as So, we've got some celebrities in as always live at Apollo. Who have we got? always live at Apollo. Who have we got? always live at Apollo. Who have we got? Who have we got? We've got the Who have we got? We've got the Who have we got? We've got the EastEnders cast. How we doing, East EastEnders cast. How we doing, East EastEnders cast. How we doing, East Enders? Enders? Enders? Sitting right at the back. I don't mean Sitting right at the back. I don't mean Sitting right at the back. I don't mean the extras. I mean the real people. We're trying to get Phil Mitchell. No. We're trying to get Phil Mitchell. No. We're trying to get Phil Mitchell. No. Where is he? He's up at He's up at Where is he? He's up at He's up at Where is he? He's up at He's up at King's Cross dressed up as a a lady boy King's Cross dressed up as a a lady boy King's Cross dressed up as a a lady boy trying to raise enough money to buy a trying to raise enough money to buy a trying to raise enough money to buy a corn. ARE ARE ARE >> THERE ANY WELSH PEOPLE OUT THERE? >> THERE ANY WELSH PEOPLE OUT THERE? >> THERE ANY WELSH PEOPLE OUT THERE? >> TELL THEM TELL THEM HOW GOOD IT IS NOW. TELL THEM HOW GOOD IT IS NOW. TELL THEM HOW GOOD IT IS NOW. >> OH, IT'S NOT [\h__\h] ANYMORE. WE SPENT >> OH, IT'S NOT [\h__\h] ANYMORE. WE SPENT >> OH, IT'S NOT [\h__\h] ANYMORE. WE SPENT MILLIONS, SO IT'S NOT [\h__\h] FOR YOU. MILLIONS, SO IT'S NOT [\h__\h] FOR YOU. MILLIONS, SO IT'S NOT [\h__\h] FOR YOU. THAT'S THE WHOLE WELSH PEOPLE, WHERE ARE THAT'S THE WHOLE WELSH PEOPLE, WHERE ARE THAT'S THE WHOLE WELSH PEOPLE, WHERE ARE YOU FROM? YOU FROM? YOU FROM? FAIR ENOUGH [\h__\h] >> YEAH, >> YEAH, >> YEAH, I'm trying TO EXPLAIN THAT THE PLACE HAS I'm trying TO EXPLAIN THAT THE PLACE HAS I'm trying TO EXPLAIN THAT THE PLACE HAS IMPROVED AND YOU LOB SWANSEA and Duster IMPROVED AND YOU LOB SWANSEA and Duster IMPROVED AND YOU LOB SWANSEA and Duster is Swansea still a desperate dump, isn't is Swansea still a desperate dump, isn't is Swansea still a desperate dump, isn't it? Let's face it, devoid of any hope it? Let's face it, devoid of any hope it? Let's face it, devoid of any hope whatsoever. Swansea, have you been? whatsoever. Swansea, have you been? whatsoever. Swansea, have you been? There's a sign on the way in that says, There's a sign on the way in that says, There's a sign on the way in that says, "Kill our children, not your speed." "Kill our children, not your speed." "Kill our children, not your speed." Isn't there is there I'M TALKING ABOUT PLACES LIKE CARDIFF I'M TALKING ABOUT PLACES LIKE CARDIFF I'M TALKING ABOUT PLACES LIKE CARDIFF AND THE PLACES THAT HAVE YES. THESE AND THE PLACES THAT HAVE YES. THESE AND THE PLACES THAT HAVE YES. THESE PLACES HAVE IMPROVED. WE'VE HAD PLACES HAVE IMPROVED. WE'VE HAD PLACES HAVE IMPROVED. WE'VE HAD DEVELOPMENT MONEY. WE'VE DONE CARDIFF DEVELOPMENT MONEY. WE'VE DONE CARDIFF DEVELOPMENT MONEY. WE'VE DONE CARDIFF BAY. HAVE YOU BEEN THERE? GO THERE ON BAY. HAVE YOU BEEN THERE? GO THERE ON BAY. HAVE YOU BEEN THERE? GO THERE ON HOLIDAY. It's lovely. WE'VE DONE IT ALL HOLIDAY. It's lovely. WE'VE DONE IT ALL HOLIDAY. It's lovely. WE'VE DONE IT ALL UP. YOU'VE GOT CAFES AND BARS. YOU GOT UP. YOU'VE GOT CAFES AND BARS. YOU GOT UP. YOU'VE GOT CAFES AND BARS. YOU GOT THE SEA DOWN THERE NOW. IT'S AMAZING. THE SEA DOWN THERE NOW. IT'S AMAZING. THE SEA DOWN THERE NOW. IT'S AMAZING. SHOOT DOWN WHERE THE [\h__\h] WAS. THAT'S SHOOT DOWN WHERE THE [\h__\h] WAS. THAT'S SHOOT DOWN WHERE THE [\h__\h] WAS. THAT'S ALL SEA NOW. MOST OF IT. AND it's going ALL SEA NOW. MOST OF IT. AND it's going ALL SEA NOW. MOST OF IT. AND it's going to be AMAZING WHEN THEY FINISH IT. Has to be AMAZING WHEN THEY FINISH IT. Has to be AMAZING WHEN THEY FINISH IT. Has anybody seen the posters OF WHAT CARDIFF anybody seen the posters OF WHAT CARDIFF anybody seen the posters OF WHAT CARDIFF BAY IS GOING TO BE LIKE WHEN IT'S ALL BAY IS GOING TO BE LIKE WHEN IT'S ALL BAY IS GOING TO BE LIKE WHEN IT'S ALL DONE? DONE? DONE? >> It's not. IT'S GOING TO BE AMAZING. >> It's not. IT'S GOING TO BE AMAZING. >> It's not. IT'S GOING TO BE AMAZING. THERE'S GOING TO BE people chatting, LAUGHING, TEXTING WELSH PEOPLE. THESE LAUGHING, TEXTING WELSH PEOPLE. THESE LAUGHING, TEXTING WELSH PEOPLE. THESE ARE PRESUMABLY HAVING INTERESTING ARE PRESUMABLY HAVING INTERESTING ARE PRESUMABLY HAVING INTERESTING CONVERSATIONS OVER DINNER. WE'RE ALL CONVERSATIONS OVER DINNER. WE'RE ALL CONVERSATIONS OVER DINNER. WE'RE ALL GOING TO BE A LOT BETTER LOOKING BY THE GOING TO BE A LOT BETTER LOOKING BY THE GOING TO BE A LOT BETTER LOOKING BY THE TIME IT'S FINISHED AS WELL. YOU LOOK TIME IT'S FINISHED AS WELL. YOU LOOK TIME IT'S FINISHED AS WELL. YOU LOOK OUT. Where they going to get THESE OUT. Where they going to get THESE OUT. Where they going to get THESE PEOPLE WITH FASHIONABLE GLASSES AND PEOPLE WITH FASHIONABLE GLASSES AND PEOPLE WITH FASHIONABLE GLASSES AND TEETH FROM IN CARDIFF? I GOT NO IDEA. TEETH FROM IN CARDIFF? I GOT NO IDEA. TEETH FROM IN CARDIFF? I GOT NO IDEA. You've got to admire their optimism, You've got to admire their optimism, You've got to admire their optimism, HAVEN'T YOU, FLY? [laughter] HAVEN'T YOU, FLY? [laughter] HAVEN'T YOU, FLY? [laughter] TALKING OF OPTIMISM, YOU GOT CARDIFF TALKING OF OPTIMISM, YOU GOT CARDIFF TALKING OF OPTIMISM, YOU GOT CARDIFF BAY. I WAS THERE NOT LONG AGO. SOME OF BAY. I WAS THERE NOT LONG AGO. SOME OF BAY. I WAS THERE NOT LONG AGO. SOME OF SOME OF THESE RESTAURANTS, SOME OF THEM SOME OF THESE RESTAURANTS, SOME OF THEM SOME OF THESE RESTAURANTS, SOME OF THEM HAVE GOT TABLES OUTSIDE. HAVE GOT TABLES OUTSIDE. HAVE GOT TABLES OUTSIDE. FRESCO DINING IN CARDIFF. THEY'RE HAVING FRESCO DINING IN CARDIFF. THEY'RE HAVING FRESCO DINING IN CARDIFF. THEY'RE HAVING A LAUGH ON ME. I TRIED TO HAVE A TWIX AT A LAUGH ON ME. I TRIED TO HAVE A TWIX AT A LAUGH ON ME. I TRIED TO HAVE A TWIX AT A BUS STOP IN WALES A FEW YEARS AGO. IT A BUS STOP IN WALES A FEW YEARS AGO. IT A BUS STOP IN WALES A FEW YEARS AGO. IT WAS it was too wet TO EAT TO BE HONEST WAS it was too wet TO EAT TO BE HONEST WAS it was too wet TO EAT TO BE HONEST WITH YOU. EVERYBODY'S PRETENDING IT'S WITH YOU. EVERYBODY'S PRETENDING IT'S WITH YOU. EVERYBODY'S PRETENDING IT'S MADRID. COME ON, WE'LL SIT OUTSIDE. YOUR MADRID. COME ON, WE'LL SIT OUTSIDE. YOUR MADRID. COME ON, WE'LL SIT OUTSIDE. YOUR SOUP BOWLS FILLING UP FASTER THAN YOU SOUP BOWLS FILLING UP FASTER THAN YOU SOUP BOWLS FILLING UP FASTER THAN YOU CAN EAT IT FOR CHRIST SAKE. STOP CAN EAT IT FOR CHRIST SAKE. STOP CAN EAT IT FOR CHRIST SAKE. STOP RAINING. RAINING. RAINING. You'll never GET PAST YOUR STARTERS You'll never GET PAST YOUR STARTERS You'll never GET PAST YOUR STARTERS AFTER 7 HOURS OF SOUP AND RAIN WATER YOU AFTER 7 HOURS OF SOUP AND RAIN WATER YOU AFTER 7 HOURS OF SOUP AND RAIN WATER YOU GIVE UP. SUE YOUR GIN AND TONICS GIVE UP. SUE YOUR GIN AND TONICS GIVE UP. SUE YOUR GIN AND TONICS OVERFLOWING. A LITTLE UMBRELLA'S BLOWN OVERFLOWING. A LITTLE UMBRELLA'S BLOWN OVERFLOWING. A LITTLE UMBRELLA'S BLOWN INSIDE OUT. TURN IT BACK INTO THE WIND. INSIDE OUT. TURN IT BACK INTO THE WIND. INSIDE OUT. TURN IT BACK INTO THE WIND. TURN IT BACK INTO THE WIND. TURN IT BACK INTO THE WIND. TURN IT BACK INTO THE WIND. IT'S WAITERS WITH FROSTED EYEBROWS IT'S WAITERS WITH FROSTED EYEBROWS IT'S WAITERS WITH FROSTED EYEBROWS FIGHTING THEIR WAY TO THE TABLE. FIGHTING THEIR WAY TO THE TABLE. FIGHTING THEIR WAY TO THE TABLE. SPAGHETTI CARBONARA. SPAGHETTI SPAGHETTI CARBONARA. SPAGHETTI SPAGHETTI CARBONARA. SPAGHETTI CARBONARA. [screaming] SURE. I'LL GET CARBONARA. [screaming] SURE. I'LL GET CARBONARA. [screaming] SURE. I'LL GET ANOTHER ONE. I'LL GET ANOTHER ONE. AS ANOTHER ONE. I'LL GET ANOTHER ONE. AS ANOTHER ONE. I'LL GET ANOTHER ONE. AS PEOPLE THROW IN LIFE BOYS TO THEIR BREAD PEOPLE THROW IN LIFE BOYS TO THEIR BREAD PEOPLE THROW IN LIFE BOYS TO THEIR BREAD ROLLS. I'LL PULL YOU IN. I'LL PULL YOU ROLLS. I'LL PULL YOU IN. I'LL PULL YOU ROLLS. I'LL PULL YOU IN. I'LL PULL YOU IN. PEAS BEING AIRLIFTED TO SAFETY. OH, Wales is improving. Even the OH, Wales is improving. Even the OH, Wales is improving. Even the valleys. Go to the valleys on holiday. valleys. Go to the valleys on holiday. valleys. Go to the valleys on holiday. EVEN THE VALLEYS. THEY ARE. SHUT YOUR EVEN THE VALLEYS. THEY ARE. SHUT YOUR EVEN THE VALLEYS. THEY ARE. SHUT YOUR FACE. THEY'RE GETTING BETTER. THEY'RE FACE. THEY'RE GETTING BETTER. THEY'RE FACE. THEY'RE GETTING BETTER. THEY'RE GETTING BETTER. THE WELSH. I DID A GIG GETTING BETTER. THE WELSH. I DID A GIG GETTING BETTER. THE WELSH. I DID A GIG IN in Ponta Pre IN in Ponta Pre IN in Ponta Pre in the Welsh valleys. WERE YOU THERE AT in the Welsh valleys. WERE YOU THERE AT in the Welsh valleys. WERE YOU THERE AT THE GIG I DID WHEN THERE WAS A PIECE OF THE GIG I DID WHEN THERE WAS A PIECE OF THE GIG I DID WHEN THERE WAS A PIECE OF SUNDRIED TOMATO ON THE STAGE? SUNDRIED TOMATO ON THE STAGE? SUNDRIED TOMATO ON THE STAGE? [\h__\h] IN A REAL PIECE OF SUNDRIED [\h__\h] IN A REAL PIECE OF SUNDRIED [\h__\h] IN A REAL PIECE OF SUNDRIED TOMATO. TOMATO. TOMATO. We couldn't EVEN DO THE GIG. EVERYBODY We couldn't EVEN DO THE GIG. EVERYBODY We couldn't EVEN DO THE GIG. EVERYBODY WAS JUST STARING AT IT. I COULDN'T GET WAS JUST STARING AT IT. I COULDN'T GET WAS JUST STARING AT IT. I COULDN'T GET THEM. I couldn't get their attention. THEM. I couldn't get their attention. THEM. I couldn't get their attention. That's not local to your area, IS IT? That's not local to your area, IS IT? That's not local to your area, IS IT? THE SUNDRIED TOMATO. THE SUNDRIED TOMATO. THE SUNDRIED TOMATO. HEY, there was a pile up in the valleys HEY, there was a pile up in the valleys HEY, there was a pile up in the valleys a few years ago cuz somebody mentioned a few years ago cuz somebody mentioned a few years ago cuz somebody mentioned satsumas. DID YOU READ ABOUT THAT? satsumas. DID YOU READ ABOUT THAT? satsumas. DID YOU READ ABOUT THAT? SOMEBODY'S TROING THAT, HAVEN'T THEY? SOMEBODY'S TROING THAT, HAVEN'T THEY? SOMEBODY'S TROING THAT, HAVEN'T THEY? THAT'S WHAT'S HAPPENED. THAT'S DO YOU THAT'S WHAT'S HAPPENED. THAT'S DO YOU THAT'S WHAT'S HAPPENED. THAT'S DO YOU LIVE HERE NOW, MADAM? IS THAT DO YOU LIVE HERE NOW, MADAM? IS THAT DO YOU LIVE HERE NOW, MADAM? IS THAT DO YOU LIVE HERE? ARE YOU FROM THE VALLEYS? LIVE HERE? ARE YOU FROM THE VALLEYS? LIVE HERE? ARE YOU FROM THE VALLEYS? >> My boyfriend is from THE VALLEYS. >> My boyfriend is from THE VALLEYS. >> My boyfriend is from THE VALLEYS. >> YOUR BOYFRIEND WAS PROBABLY HIM THAT >> YOUR BOYFRIEND WAS PROBABLY HIM THAT >> YOUR BOYFRIEND WAS PROBABLY HIM THAT TROTT IN THE SUN-DRIED TOMATO AND TROTT IN THE SUN-DRIED TOMATO AND TROTT IN THE SUN-DRIED TOMATO AND DRAGGED IT ALL THE WAY BACK. DRAGGED IT ALL THE WAY BACK. DRAGGED IT ALL THE WAY BACK. He probably stepped in the sun-dried He probably stepped in the sun-dried He probably stepped in the sun-dried tomato in London and took IT ALL THE WAY tomato in London and took IT ALL THE WAY tomato in London and took IT ALL THE WAY BACK TO THE HE MUST HAVE BEEN [\h__\h] BACK TO THE HE MUST HAVE BEEN [\h__\h] BACK TO THE HE MUST HAVE BEEN [\h__\h] HIMSELF ON THE WAY BACK. THEY'LL KILL HIMSELF ON THE WAY BACK. THEY'LL KILL HIMSELF ON THE WAY BACK. THEY'LL KILL YOU FOR THAT IN PONTA PRE, WON'T THEY? YOU FOR THAT IN PONTA PRE, WON'T THEY? YOU FOR THAT IN PONTA PRE, WON'T THEY? GET IT OFF ME. THEY'RE GOING TO KILL ME. GET IT OFF ME. THEY'RE GOING TO KILL ME. GET IT OFF ME. THEY'RE GOING TO KILL ME. THEY'RE GOING TO KILL ME. DITCH THE THEY'RE GOING TO KILL ME. DITCH THE THEY'RE GOING TO KILL ME. DITCH THE SHOE. DITCH THE SHOE. SHOE. DITCH THE SHOE. SHOE. DITCH THE SHOE. I just celebrated 9 years of marriage I just celebrated 9 years of marriage I just celebrated 9 years of marriage just the other day. You know what I'm just the other day. You know what I'm just the other day. You know what I'm saying? Yes. saying? Yes. saying? Yes. >> Thank you guys. Thank you. 9 years >> Thank you guys. Thank you. 9 years >> Thank you guys. Thank you. 9 years married to the same person. Jesus married to the same person. Jesus married to the same person. Jesus Christ, man. Christ, man. Christ, man. Listen, man. I'm I'm just glad I'm no Listen, man. I'm I'm just glad I'm no Listen, man. I'm I'm just glad I'm no longer dating. I'm glad cuz dating right longer dating. I'm glad cuz dating right longer dating. I'm glad cuz dating right now is the ghetto. I'm not going to lie now is the ghetto. I'm not going to lie now is the ghetto. I'm not going to lie to you. It's not easy to date. And you to you. It's not easy to date. And you to you. It's not easy to date. And you know what the thing about dating is? know what the thing about dating is? know what the thing about dating is? Every time I see someone out, I'm like, Every time I see someone out, I'm like, Every time I see someone out, I'm like, "How are you affording this?" You know "How are you affording this?" You know "How are you affording this?" You know what I'm saying? It's a cost OF LIVING what I'm saying? It's a cost OF LIVING what I'm saying? It's a cost OF LIVING CRISIS. WHEN I SEE PEOPLE OUT eating CRISIS. WHEN I SEE PEOPLE OUT eating CRISIS. WHEN I SEE PEOPLE OUT eating food, I'm just like, I don't know how food, I'm just like, I don't know how food, I'm just like, I don't know how you're doing this. Even I'm on TV and I you're doing this. Even I'm on TV and I you're doing this. Even I'm on TV and I still take my wife to the local chip still take my wife to the local chip still take my wife to the local chip shop. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm shop. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm shop. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm like, you're not getting this Taskmaster like, you're not getting this Taskmaster like, you're not getting this Taskmaster money. No. Mm- No, man. The dating back in the day, I No, man. The dating back in the day, I No, man. The dating back in the day, I used to get rejected a lot because I'm used to get rejected a lot because I'm used to get rejected a lot because I'm short. You know what I'm saying? Short short. You know what I'm saying? Short short. You know what I'm saying? Short guys. Yeah. We don't get no love, man. guys. Yeah. We don't get no love, man. guys. Yeah. We don't get no love, man. short guys. The minute I'll be on the short guys. The minute I'll be on the short guys. The minute I'll be on the phone talking to girls and I'll be like, phone talking to girls and I'll be like, phone talking to girls and I'll be like, you know, yeah, biz, I want to take you you know, yeah, biz, I want to take you you know, yeah, biz, I want to take you out. She'll be like, oh my god, how tall out. She'll be like, oh my god, how tall out. She'll be like, oh my god, how tall are you? I'll be like, yeah, I'm 5 foot. are you? I'll be like, yeah, I'm 5 foot. are you? I'll be like, yeah, I'm 5 foot. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. I am happy. I am married. And I've got I am happy. I am married. And I've got I am happy. I am married. And I've got two wonderful children. Me and my wife two wonderful children. Me and my wife two wonderful children. Me and my wife got two beautiful children. Eight and got two beautiful children. Eight and got two beautiful children. Eight and one. Right now, the 8-year-old, that's a one. Right now, the 8-year-old, that's a one. Right now, the 8-year-old, that's a boy, right? And my boy is crazy. Make boy, right? And my boy is crazy. Make boy, right? And my boy is crazy. Make some noise. If you got sons in the some noise. If you got sons in the some noise. If you got sons in the building, make some noise. building, make some noise. building, make some noise. >> [cheering] >> [cheering] >> [cheering] >> So, you know what I'm talking about. >> So, you know what I'm talking about. >> So, you know what I'm talking about. Boys are crazy, right? It's not just me. Boys are crazy, right? It's not just me. Boys are crazy, right? It's not just me. Have you ever just looked at your boy Have you ever just looked at your boy Have you ever just looked at your boy and been like, "What the hell are you and been like, "What the hell are you and been like, "What the hell are you doing doing doing every day?" All right. My son is every day?" All right. My son is every day?" All right. My son is obsessed with superheroes. He loves obsessed with superheroes. He loves obsessed with superheroes. He loves superheroes, right? Which is a bit weird superheroes, right? Which is a bit weird superheroes, right? Which is a bit weird in our household because we're like in our household because we're like in our household because we're like devout Christians. Like, especially my devout Christians. Like, especially my devout Christians. Like, especially my wife, she like we love going to church, wife, she like we love going to church, wife, she like we love going to church, right? My wife is definitely getting right? My wife is definitely getting right? My wife is definitely getting into heaven 100%. Like hopefully I'm her into heaven 100%. Like hopefully I'm her into heaven 100%. Like hopefully I'm her plus one. I hope. You know, I'm going be plus one. I hope. You know, I'm going be plus one. I hope. You know, I'm going be like, "No, I'm with her." No. Okay, like, "No, I'm with her." No. Okay, like, "No, I'm with her." No. Okay, cool. Cool. You know what I'm saying? M. cool. Cool. You know what I'm saying? M. cool. Cool. You know what I'm saying? M. The reason why I bring that up is cuz The reason why I bring that up is cuz The reason why I bring that up is cuz last year Halloween, my son, he wanted last year Halloween, my son, he wanted last year Halloween, my son, he wanted to uh go trick-or-treating, right? Which to uh go trick-or-treating, right? Which to uh go trick-or-treating, right? Which is a bit weird in our household. Again, is a bit weird in our household. Again, is a bit weird in our household. Again, we're Christians. And he was just like, we're Christians. And he was just like, we're Christians. And he was just like, "Mom, I want to dress up as a "Mom, I want to dress up as a "Mom, I want to dress up as a superhero." And my wife would decide superhero." And my wife would decide superhero." And my wife would decide there is no superhero in this house there is no superhero in this house there is no superhero in this house other than Jesus Christ. other than Jesus Christ. other than Jesus Christ. So she dressed him for Halloween as So she dressed him for Halloween as So she dressed him for Halloween as Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. This guy went out trick-or-treating, This guy went out trick-or-treating, This guy went out trick-or-treating, giving out bread and wine. You know what giving out bread and wine. You know what giving out bread and wine. You know what I'm saying? Like he was like, "God bless I'm saying? Like he was like, "God bless I'm saying? Like he was like, "God bless you." Yeah. God bless you, too. God you." Yeah. God bless you, too. God you." Yeah. God bless you, too. God bless you. One day me and my son, we were at home. One day me and my son, we were at home. One day me and my son, we were at home. We're by ourselves, right? I'm We're by ourselves, right? I'm We're by ourselves, right? I'm downstairs. I'm watching TV. My son is downstairs. I'm watching TV. My son is downstairs. I'm watching TV. My son is upstairs, right? He's doing whatever upstairs, right? He's doing whatever upstairs, right? He's doing whatever he's doing, right? And it got silent. he's doing, right? And it got silent. he's doing, right? And it got silent. And you guys know what happens when it And you guys know what happens when it And you guys know what happens when it goes silent with a child. It means goes silent with a child. It means goes silent with a child. It means they're doing something they should not they're doing something they should not they're doing something they should not be doing, right? And then out of be doing, right? And then out of be doing, right? And then out of nowhere, I hear a loud thud. Just boom. nowhere, I hear a loud thud. Just boom. nowhere, I hear a loud thud. Just boom. I'm like, "Oh god, what's that?" And I'm like, "Oh god, what's that?" And I'm like, "Oh god, what's that?" And then my SON'S JUST LIKE, "DADDY." then my SON'S JUST LIKE, "DADDY." then my SON'S JUST LIKE, "DADDY." SO I run to the hallway and my son is SO I run to the hallway and my son is SO I run to the hallway and my son is standing at the top of the staircase standing at the top of the staircase standing at the top of the staircase dressed in a DIY superhero outfit, dressed in a DIY superhero outfit, dressed in a DIY superhero outfit, right? And he's just standing there. right? And he's just standing there. right? And he's just standing there. He's like, "Look, Dad, I'm a superhero." He's like, "Look, Dad, I'm a superhero." He's like, "Look, Dad, I'm a superhero." And I was like, "Uh-oh." I was like, And I was like, "Uh-oh." I was like, And I was like, "Uh-oh." I was like, "Son, you might want to take that off "Son, you might want to take that off "Son, you might want to take that off before your mom comes home." All right. before your mom comes home." All right. before your mom comes home." All right. And he's just like, "No, Dad. Look, I And he's just like, "No, Dad. Look, I And he's just like, "No, Dad. Look, I can fly." And as soon as he said that, can fly." And as soon as he said that, can fly." And as soon as he said that, I'm not going to lie, it got slow motion I'm not going to lie, it got slow motion I'm not going to lie, it got slow motion in my house. I was like, "No." in my house. I was like, "No." in my house. I was like, "No." And my son was like, a part of me was just like, "Let me let a part of me was just like, "Let me let a part of me was just like, "Let me let him fly so he can break his legs." You him fly so he can break his legs." You him fly so he can break his legs." You know what I'm saying? And calm down. know what I'm saying? And calm down. know what I'm saying? And calm down. But I read this thing right online, so But I read this thing right online, so But I read this thing right online, so it must be true. where everyone who's it must be true. where everyone who's it must be true. where everyone who's under the age of 30 is going to live under the age of 30 is going to live under the age of 30 is going to live till 160. till 160. till 160. Uh like you look tired now 160. Uh like you look tired now 160. Uh like you look tired now 160. I don't want to be sat in a flat leaking I don't want to be sat in a flat leaking I don't want to be sat in a flat leaking LIVER SPOTTED. YOUR EARS AND NOSE THEY LIVER SPOTTED. YOUR EARS AND NOSE THEY LIVER SPOTTED. YOUR EARS AND NOSE THEY NEVER STOP GROWING. I got to BE SAT NEVER STOP GROWING. I got to BE SAT NEVER STOP GROWING. I got to BE SAT THERE LOOKING LIKE I work at bloody THERE LOOKING LIKE I work at bloody THERE LOOKING LIKE I work at bloody gringot's bank just like gringot's bank just like gringot's bank just like and I think if I get to 160 I'm ending and I think if I get to 160 I'm ending and I think if I get to 160 I'm ending it. I don't know how you do it. What you it. I don't know how you do it. What you it. I don't know how you do it. What you going to do? sort of suffocate yourself going to do? sort of suffocate yourself going to do? sort of suffocate yourself with a bag for life. I reckon the best with a bag for life. I reckon the best with a bag for life. I reckon the best way and maybe like a toaster in a bath way and maybe like a toaster in a bath way and maybe like a toaster in a bath situation, but it' be one of those like situation, but it' be one of those like situation, but it' be one of those like sit down baths with a chair and a door sit down baths with a chair and a door sit down baths with a chair and a door and then you have to wait for it all to and then you have to wait for it all to and then you have to wait for it all to fill up. You put in a bit of native for fill up. You put in a bit of native for fill up. You put in a bit of native for a last bit of luxury. Then you go, "Oh a last bit of luxury. Then you go, "Oh a last bit of luxury. Then you go, "Oh [\h__\h] I forgot the toaster." And then [\h__\h] I forgot the toaster." And then [\h__\h] I forgot the toaster." And then you have to WAIT FOR IT ALL to drain. you have to WAIT FOR IT ALL to drain. you have to WAIT FOR IT ALL to drain. You open the door, you go out onto the You open the door, you go out onto the You open the door, you go out onto the landing, down a Stennis Airlift, into landing, down a Stennis Airlift, into landing, down a Stennis Airlift, into the kitchen. You go, "What the bloody the kitchen. You go, "What the bloody the kitchen. You go, "What the bloody HELL AM I COMING HERE FOR? IT'S NEVER HELL AM I COMING HERE FOR? IT'S NEVER HELL AM I COMING HERE FOR? IT'S NEVER GOING TO HAPPEN. >> [applause] >> I'm trying to do more nice things >> I'm trying to do more nice things >> I'm trying to do more nice things though. That's what I'm trying to do though. That's what I'm trying to do though. That's what I'm trying to do because I've never really done anything because I've never really done anything because I've never really done anything with me life that I did a thing with me life that I did a thing with me life that I did a thing recently. I went to go and give blood recently. I went to go and give blood recently. I went to go and give blood for the first time. Has anyone ever done for the first time. Has anyone ever done for the first time. Has anyone ever done that? that? that? It's one woman. Yeah, I did it today. It's one woman. Yeah, I did it today. It's one woman. Yeah, I did it today. It's amazing. But I thought you did it It's amazing. But I thought you did it It's amazing. But I thought you did it in like a hospital or like a sanitized in like a hospital or like a sanitized in like a hospital or like a sanitized medical center. You don't. You do it in medical center. You don't. You do it in medical center. You don't. You do it in like a rugby club or like a methodone like a rugby club or like a methodone like a rugby club or like a methodone church, right? I turn up to this bingo hall near me I turn up to this bingo hall near me I turn up to this bingo hall near me nan's house, right? I was greeted by the nan's house, right? I was greeted by the nan's house, right? I was greeted by the mood, sorry, second moodiest person I've mood, sorry, second moodiest person I've mood, sorry, second moodiest person I've ever seen in me life. It was a woman ever seen in me life. It was a woman ever seen in me life. It was a woman called Linda. Like her name badge said called Linda. Like her name badge said called Linda. Like her name badge said Jean, but she looked like a Linda. Do Jean, but she looked like a Linda. Do Jean, but she looked like a Linda. Do you know what I mean? Like short bob, you know what I mean? Like short bob, you know what I mean? Like short bob, gel, fringe, good at darts. gel, fringe, good at darts. gel, fringe, good at darts. She weren't happy. She weren't I turned She weren't happy. She weren't I turned She weren't happy. She weren't I turned up. She goes, "Have you got an up. She goes, "Have you got an up. She goes, "Have you got an appointment?" And I went, "Uh, no." And appointment?" And I went, "Uh, no." And appointment?" And I went, "Uh, no." And she goes, "Have you filled out a form?" she goes, "Have you filled out a form?" she goes, "Have you filled out a form?" And I went, "Uh, no." And then she threw And I went, "Uh, no." And then she threw And I went, "Uh, no." And then she threw this form at me. And as I'm walking off, this form at me. And as I'm walking off, this form at me. And as I'm walking off, she goes, "Thank you very much for she goes, "Thank you very much for she goes, "Thank you very much for giving blood. We really appreciate it. giving blood. We really appreciate it. giving blood. We really appreciate it. Giving blood is the greatest gift anyone Giving blood is the greatest gift anyone Giving blood is the greatest gift anyone could ever receive." And I'm thinking, could ever receive." And I'm thinking, could ever receive." And I'm thinking, Linda's never been given a slow cooker. Linda's never been given a slow cooker. Linda's never been given a slow cooker. Take this form. I start filling it out. Take this form. I start filling it out. Take this form. I start filling it out. I had to use this woman's eyeliner cuz I had to use this woman's eyeliner cuz I had to use this woman's eyeliner cuz Linda wouldn't let me a pen. Just Linda wouldn't let me a pen. Just Linda wouldn't let me a pen. Just filling it all out. And as I said, the filling it all out. And as I said, the filling it all out. And as I said, the only reason I went to go and give blood only reason I went to go and give blood only reason I went to go and give blood is make myself feel like I've done is make myself feel like I've done is make myself feel like I've done something with my life. And instead, I'm something with my life. And instead, I'm something with my life. And instead, I'm faced with all these very serious adult faced with all these very serious adult faced with all these very serious adult questions. It was things like, "Have you questions. It was things like, "Have you questions. It was things like, "Have you ever been to Africa?" And I'm like, "Uh, ever been to Africa?" And I'm like, "Uh, ever been to Africa?" And I'm like, "Uh, no." And he goes, "Have you ever had sex no." And he goes, "Have you ever had sex no." And he goes, "Have you ever had sex with a man?" And I'm like, "Uh, no." And with a man?" And I'm like, "Uh, no." And with a man?" And I'm like, "Uh, no." And he goes, "Have you ever had sex with a he goes, "Have you ever had sex with a he goes, "Have you ever had sex with a prostitute?" And I thought, "I've done prostitute?" And I thought, "I've done prostitute?" And I thought, "I've done [\h__\h] nothing with my life. [\h__\h] nothing with my life. [\h__\h] nothing with my life. NOTHING. HAVE YOU INJECTED DRUGS? HAVE NOTHING. HAVE YOU INJECTED DRUGS? HAVE NOTHING. HAVE YOU INJECTED DRUGS? HAVE YOU SMOKEN DRUGS? HAVE YOU HAD ANY YOU SMOKEN DRUGS? HAVE YOU HAD ANY YOU SMOKEN DRUGS? HAVE YOU HAD ANY TREATMENTS IN THE LAST 6 MONTHS?" I TREATMENTS IN THE LAST 6 MONTHS?" I TREATMENTS IN THE LAST 6 MONTHS?" I PANICKED. WENT, "OH, WELL, me and me mom PANICKED. WENT, "OH, WELL, me and me mom PANICKED. WENT, "OH, WELL, me and me mom have had facials off group on." Not the have had facials off group on." Not the have had facials off group on." Not the right answer. Weirdest question. Are you right answer. Weirdest question. Are you right answer. Weirdest question. Are you HIV positive? I was like, "What? No." HIV positive? I was like, "What? No." HIV positive? I was like, "What? No." Like, if anything, I'm against it. Like, if anything, I'm against it. Like, if anything, I'm against it. And then they took me off into this room And then they took me off into this room And then they took me off into this room and there's all these like Sharons and and there's all these like Sharons and and there's all these like Sharons and John's lay on beds with sort of needles John's lay on beds with sort of needles John's lay on beds with sort of needles in their arms. Like, it looked like a in their arms. Like, it looked like a in their arms. Like, it looked like a spa day for smackheads. spa day for smackheads. spa day for smackheads. Belt around my arm, not even a nice Belt around my arm, not even a nice Belt around my arm, not even a nice belt. They spanked it a bit. They told belt. They spanked it a bit. They told belt. They spanked it a bit. They told me to relax. And then they whipped out me to relax. And then they whipped out me to relax. And then they whipped out the biggest flipping needle I've ever the biggest flipping needle I've ever the biggest flipping needle I've ever seen in me life. And I just fainted. seen in me life. And I just fainted. seen in me life. And I just fainted. Completely fainted. I can hear all these Completely fainted. I can hear all these Completely fainted. I can hear all these muffled voices. And then I can hear muffled voices. And then I can hear muffled voices. And then I can hear Linda's bellowing voice just going, I Linda's bellowing voice just going, I Linda's bellowing voice just going, I knew he'd be a fainter. I'm like, knew he'd be a fainter. I'm like, knew he'd be a fainter. I'm like, by the time I'd come around, all these by the time I'd come around, all these by the time I'd come around, all these people are trying to help me out. And people are trying to help me out. And people are trying to help me out. And Linda just parted them. And her way of Linda just parted them. And her way of Linda just parted them. And her way of trying to make me feel better. Her way trying to make me feel better. Her way trying to make me feel better. Her way of trying to make me feel like a proper of trying to make me feel like a proper of trying to make me feel like a proper grown-up was going, "Would you like a grown-up was going, "Would you like a grown-up was going, "Would you like a glass of orange juice and a biscuit?" I glass of orange juice and a biscuit?" I glass of orange juice and a biscuit?" I was like, "No, Linda. I want to have sex was like, "No, Linda. I want to have sex was like, "No, Linda. I want to have sex with an African gay man for money. with an African gay man for money. with an African gay man for money. That's what I want to do. That's what I want to do. That's what I want to do. But I got I got Sky TV now, which is But I got I got Sky TV now, which is But I got I got Sky TV now, which is excellent. You can pause live TV. Just excellent. You can pause live TV. Just excellent. You can pause live TV. Just pause it. The people at home now can pause it. The people at home now can pause it. The people at home now can just pause it and it's a perfect pause. just pause it and it's a perfect pause. just pause it and it's a perfect pause. Not the old sort of 1980s VHS pause. Not the old sort of 1980s VHS pause. Not the old sort of 1980s VHS pause. That was a very different story, wasn't That was a very different story, wasn't That was a very different story, wasn't it? You couldn't even SEE WHAT YOU WERE You couldn't even SEE WHAT YOU WERE You couldn't even SEE WHAT YOU WERE WATCHING in 1980s paws. PEOPLE WHO WATCHING in 1980s paws. PEOPLE WHO WATCHING in 1980s paws. PEOPLE WHO WEREN'T MOVING WOULD START MOVING EVEN WEREN'T MOVING WOULD START MOVING EVEN WEREN'T MOVING WOULD START MOVING EVEN moving in THIS SCENE. PEOPLE IN moving in THIS SCENE. PEOPLE IN moving in THIS SCENE. PEOPLE IN PAINTINGS WOULD COME TO LIFE. I'M GOING PAINTINGS WOULD COME TO LIFE. I'M GOING PAINTINGS WOULD COME TO LIFE. I'M GOING TO PRACTICE. But then once you pause for it, it's But then once you pause for it, it's But then once you pause for it, it's quite exciting cuz you can watch it back quite exciting cuz you can watch it back quite exciting cuz you can watch it back in like times 2 or 6 or 12 or 30, which in like times 2 or 6 or 12 or 30, which in like times 2 or 6 or 12 or 30, which makes boring programs quite makes boring programs quite makes boring programs quite entertaining. Like in the tennis, you entertaining. Like in the tennis, you entertaining. Like in the tennis, you can forward the the changeovers. can forward the the changeovers. can forward the the changeovers. Watching Andy Murray eating a banana in Watching Andy Murray eating a banana in Watching Andy Murray eating a banana in times 12 is quite times 12 is quite times 12 is quite I watch Deal or No Deal in Times 30. It I watch Deal or No Deal in Times 30. It I watch Deal or No Deal in Times 30. It really whizzes along. I watch all TV. I watch TV just to slack I watch all TV. I watch TV just to slack I watch all TV. I watch TV just to slack it off. To be honest, Dragon's Den winds it off. To be honest, Dragon's Den winds it off. To be honest, Dragon's Den winds me right up. I know you're rich, me right up. I know you're rich, me right up. I know you're rich, dragons. You don't need to bring your dragons. You don't need to bring your dragons. You don't need to bring your cash with you. cash with you. cash with you. THEY SIT THERE WITH CASH ON THEIR THEY SIT THERE WITH CASH ON THEIR THEY SIT THERE WITH CASH ON THEIR TABLES. I'm so tremendously wealthy. All TABLES. I'm so tremendously wealthy. All TABLES. I'm so tremendously wealthy. All my bank accounts are full. I've had to my bank accounts are full. I've had to my bank accounts are full. I've had to bring additional funds with me today. bring additional funds with me today. bring additional funds with me today. What about you, Theopathetist? Have you What about you, Theopathetist? Have you What about you, Theopathetist? Have you got money on your table? Oh, I'm got money on your table? Oh, I'm got money on your table? Oh, I'm completely loaded. I've thrown money up completely loaded. I've thrown money up completely loaded. I've thrown money up onto my table. That's every time. What onto my table. That's every time. What onto my table. That's every time. What about you two dragons? Oh, yes, we've about you two dragons? Oh, yes, we've about you two dragons? Oh, yes, we've got a lot of cash here. All right, bring got a lot of cash here. All right, bring got a lot of cash here. All right, bring in the first poor person. Let's see what in the first poor person. Let's see what in the first poor person. Let's see what they've got. They come in trembling. Hello, trackers. Hello, trackers. Hello, trackers. Please, can I have some cash for the Please, can I have some cash for the Please, can I have some cash for the ideas in my brain? ideas in my brain? ideas in my brain? I feel sick just looking at poor people. I feel sick just looking at poor people. I feel sick just looking at poor people. Look at the state of her clothing. For Look at the state of her clothing. For Look at the state of her clothing. For that reason, I'm out. that reason, I'm out. that reason, I'm out. What about you, Theopathist? Are you What about you, Theopathist? Are you What about you, Theopathist? Are you out? I will be out, but I'm going to out? I will be out, but I'm going to out? I will be out, but I'm going to humiliate the [\h__\h] for 15 minutes. humiliate the [\h__\h] for 15 minutes. humiliate the [\h__\h] for 15 minutes. Then I will declare [applause] that I Then I will declare [applause] that I Then I will declare [applause] that I too am out. too am out. too am out. I'd like to dragon with a shotgun just I'd like to dragon with a shotgun just I'd like to dragon with a shotgun just stand there pointing it at at each of stand there pointing it at at each of stand there pointing it at at each of them individually till one of them goes them individually till one of them goes them individually till one of them goes to so what's your idea quite simple put to so what's your idea quite simple put to so what's your idea quite simple put that cash in this bag all right that cash in this bag all right that cash in this bag all right you get no equity you get no equity you get no equity I like some TV I watch it till the I like some TV I watch it till the I like some TV I watch it till the bitter end literally like the early bitter end literally like the early bitter end literally like the early hours of the morning till the signing hours of the morning till the signing hours of the morning till the signing zone the deaf zone that's when you know zone the deaf zone that's when you know zone the deaf zone that's when you know it's probably time for bed you know when it's probably time for bed you know when it's probably time for bed you know when there's somebody in the corner signing there's somebody in the corner signing there's somebody in the corner signing You feel a bit like this isn't really You feel a bit like this isn't really You feel a bit like this isn't really for me. for me. for me. They always look at you like come on. They always look at you like come on. They always look at you like come on. You you could have watched this in the You you could have watched this in the You you could have watched this in the day. It's probably bedtime for you. day. It's probably bedtime for you. day. It's probably bedtime for you. Deaf people have been asleep all day to Deaf people have been asleep all day to Deaf people have been asleep all day to stay up for this. Have some respect. stay up for this. Have some respect. stay up for this. Have some respect. I like it when there's no dialogue in I like it when there's no dialogue in I like it when there's no dialogue in the show and they watch TV with you. I might the other day I was watching the I might the other day I was watching the I might the other day I was watching the the blue planet or something. This is a the blue planet or something. This is a the blue planet or something. This is a show with David Atenburgh where they show with David Atenburgh where they show with David Atenburgh where they discover creatures from the depths of discover creatures from the depths of discover creatures from the depths of the ocean for the very first time. the ocean for the very first time. the ocean for the very first time. Literally fish that were only just Literally fish that were only just Literally fish that were only just discovered and they were naming them on discovered and they were naming them on discovered and they were naming them on the show. So he was going, "Here we have the show. So he was going, "Here we have the show. So he was going, "Here we have the newly discovered diploloyicos." And the newly discovered diploloyicos." And the newly discovered diploloyicos." And the tiny guy was going, he resorted to impersonating the fish. he resorted to impersonating the fish. he resorted to impersonating the fish. The fish was swimming. He was just The fish was swimming. He was just The fish was swimming. He was just underneath going, I've got the memory of an elephant. I I've got the memory of an elephant. I I've got the memory of an elephant. I remember one time I went to the zoo and remember one time I went to the zoo and remember one time I went to the zoo and saw an elephant. I was disappointed to find that Dunk I was disappointed to find that Dunk I was disappointed to find that Dunk Kirk wasn't actually a biography of Kirk wasn't actually a biography of Kirk wasn't actually a biography of William Shatner. I accidentally kicked my dog earlier and I accidentally kicked my dog earlier and I accidentally kicked my dog earlier and it bit me on the bollocks. My mate said it bit me on the bollocks. My mate said it bit me on the bollocks. My mate said it's karma. I said no. If anything, it's it's karma. I said no. If anything, it's it's karma. I said no. If anything, it's even more angry. I tell you what always catches my eye. I tell you what always catches my eye. I tell you what always catches my eye. Short people with umbrellas. I put on a lot of weights. I rang up I put on a lot of weights. I rang up I put on a lot of weights. I rang up Weight Watchers. I said, "It's an Weight Watchers. I said, "It's an Weight Watchers. I said, "It's an emergency. Can you send somebody emergency. Can you send somebody emergency. Can you send somebody around?" And they said, "Yes, we can. We around?" And they said, "Yes, we can. We around?" And they said, "Yes, we can. We got loads of them. I was actually thrown out of weight I was actually thrown out of weight I was actually thrown out of weight watchers for making sarcastic comments watchers for making sarcastic comments watchers for making sarcastic comments at the weekly weigh-in. As you can at the weekly weigh-in. As you can at the weekly weigh-in. As you can imagine, I accepted the decision with imagine, I accepted the decision with imagine, I accepted the decision with huge grace cuz they threw her out as huge grace cuz they threw her out as huge grace cuz they threw her out as well. I was watching TV. The announcer said I was watching TV. The announcer said I was watching TV. The announcer said there's a documentary about the clitoris there's a documentary about the clitoris there's a documentary about the clitoris on the red button, but I couldn't find on the red button, but I couldn't find on the red button, but I couldn't find it. >> [applause] >> I was in a fancy lingerie shop. I said, >> I was in a fancy lingerie shop. I said, >> I was in a fancy lingerie shop. I said, "Are these knickers sat in?" He said, "Are these knickers sat in?" He said, "Are these knickers sat in?" He said, "No, they're new." I didn't know what to get my little I didn't know what to get my little I didn't know what to get my little niece for Christmas. So, I asked my niece for Christmas. So, I asked my niece for Christmas. So, I asked my sister what she's into. Apparently, at sister what she's into. Apparently, at sister what she's into. Apparently, at the moment, she's mad about frozen the moment, she's mad about frozen the moment, she's mad about frozen stuff. So, I got her some oven chips and stuff. So, I got her some oven chips and stuff. So, I got her some oven chips and peas. It's been a tough week. I got myself a It's been a tough week. I got myself a It's been a tough week. I got myself a memory foam mattress and now it's trying memory foam mattress and now it's trying memory foam mattress and now it's trying to blackmail me. to blackmail me. to blackmail me. As a child, I was made to walk the As a child, I was made to walk the As a child, I was made to walk the plank. We couldn't afford a dog. I went on a positive thinking course. It I went on a positive thinking course. It I went on a positive thinking course. It was [\h__\h] was [\h__\h] was [\h__\h] You would be. And it was half empty. You would be. And it was half empty. You would be. And it was half empty. The area in a Nando between the front The area in a Nando between the front The area in a Nando between the front and back door is called the Perry and back door is called the Perry and back door is called the Perry Perneium. What I like most about that joke What I like most about that joke What I like most about that joke is that people who know what a paranium is that people who know what a paranium is that people who know what a paranium is usually haven't heard of Nandos. Ironically, there's only a very small Ironically, there's only a very small Ironically, there's only a very small overlap between the two. overlap between the two. overlap between the two. The doctor told me to lose some weight. The doctor told me to lose some weight. The doctor told me to lose some weight. I said, "How?" He said, "Don't eat I said, "How?" He said, "Don't eat I said, "How?" He said, "Don't eat anything fatty." I said, "What? Pies? anything fatty." I said, "What? Pies? anything fatty." I said, "What? Pies? chips, that sort of thing. He said, "No, chips, that sort of thing. He said, "No, chips, that sort of thing. He said, "No, just don't eat anything fatty." Old lady names are very much back in Old lady names are very much back in Old lady names are very much back in fashion at the minute, like Lily or fashion at the minute, like Lily or fashion at the minute, like Lily or Elsie or Rose. And we wanted something Elsie or Rose. And we wanted something Elsie or Rose. And we wanted something like that for our daughter, but we like that for our daughter, but we like that for our daughter, but we couldn't decide. So, in the end, we just couldn't decide. So, in the end, we just couldn't decide. So, in the end, we just called her Nan. So, we should grow into it.