There is only one cure for this, try self-love
Vaibhav. I said self love, what do you think, is
someone else loving me?
I said, Sir, I'm a mechanical guy. I am
alive only because of self-love.
[laughs] If I didn't love myself,
I would be gone long ago. I said Sir,
I am telling you my deep secret. I feel like
kissing you, so at night
I put my hand on your neck and make sounds.
[laughs] He
says, what are you talking about, I do this too.
I have come from Delhi.
Today I see God in the people of Mumbai.
Laugh. Look please,
otherwise my ass will tear. [laughs]
Look, life is very difficult. All these are
rumours that the
life of an artist is very amazing. You
make fans and travel to different countries.
Girls tear their clothes. My underwear has
torn in two years. [laughter]
I wasn't even making it, man. I had
no intention of
becoming an artist or a comedian because I don't have any of the things required to become a comedian, neither do I have a
personality nor do I
have Air Jordans [laughs]
neither do I enter in Punjabi songs
nor do I know how to insult the audience in the
name of crowd work
nor do I talk nonsense on Instagram that
I am living my life even if in reality
I am smoking a joint due to depression
[laughs] I do
n't know that either. Neither do I have any
big producer following me saying,
go ahead son, we will support you. No one
is here. I have jokes.
One does not become a comedian by telling such jokes.
If you people also did not have a job,
you would have done better than me. [laughter]
You'll realize that right now, just wait half an hour.
[laughter] There's nothing
wrong with me.
I had given up performing. I struggled well for four years
and then gave up. I don't have
anything. I said this is life. Get
up in the morning and go to the office.
Come in the evening after facing abuses from the boss. What happened in 2020?
Covid arrived and after a few days Sushant Singh
died. And suddenly the rumour started that
depression is a disease. If you feel like
dying, you do too.
Take this seriously. I said, he does it to me every day.
I didn't know it was a disease. I
felt like the whole world was a [ __ ]. [laughter]
Everybody would do it. So suddenly it happened in the office
that Vaibhav you are the HR. You support us.
We have to find out who in the company has
mental health issues, who is depressed.
You find out and let us know. I said okay
sir. I made a poll. Please open up,
mental health is a serious issue. This is
from our company side, we will support you
and by saying this and that, I also said yes.
I had it too [laughs]
What did the company do? All those who had ticked yes were
removed. [laughter]
[applause] They
said it was a trick question. We were actually
planning the firing. I said sir, don't do this to me.
I ate your salt.
I said I went by mistake sir, please don't
take it seriously, it was the weekend I went,
everyone was going into depression [laughs] I wo
n't go again, I am saying no friend you
guys are not able to take responsibility of the company,
from where will you get it, I was fired from there but you were
very nice, it's not like that, you had recently
invited me to your daughter's wedding in Jamnagar,
I was serving paneer [laughs]
so nothing, I lost my job, then I had a
girlfriend, the girlfriend was saying that
I was the one who felt it [laughs]
nothing special, we shook hands three-four times
we started feeling that there is something between us,
I am very serious,
I said I will choose you before God, you
know, even if God comes,
I will choose you in front of him,
I will always be with you in your life, if
you ever feel like smoking a cigarette
[sound of clearing throat] I will
always stand by you holding the lighter.
I said I will break your ass even to the moon and stars, and I
said further. You ca
n't tell jokes. The job
is not yours. He got me blocked on mail [laughs] it does
n't happen that way. [laughs]
Then I sent ₹1 to Google Pay and then
nothing and then that too was lost. I am telling the truth. The
pain of the entire world on one side and the
pain of leaving the prisoner on the other side.
After that I was finished. Then I don't understand what to do.
So I started performing. The
performance is also not such that I am
interested in making you people laugh or you will be able to
change someone in my life.
[laughter] Are
you guys unable to change yourselves
in your lives?
[laughter] I do stand-up to find my job.
Because you know what happens is
that you guys are going to leave the show now,
how do you meet the other artists, oh you are very good, you know can have a
selfie with you, you are amazing can have
your Insta handle, nothing like this happens with
me, people put their hand on my shoulder and say
brother, you should not lose courage,
you have to keep going, you should not do anything wrong,
you send your CV with you
[laughter] [sound of clearing throat] I will look into the
rest for you, keep your profile updated on Naukri,
something or the other will definitely happen.
So all this was going on in my life
and I have three-four people who also come into stand-up.
Like, we invited you guys today after much pleading
I also feel a lot of guilt that
why am I doing all this. So life is
very difficult anyway. The rest of the family
members do not let me live. I go home.
My father is sitting as Rajat Sharma.
He holds your court and
starts the interrogation at 12:00 at night. You are accused of
coming after drinking alcohol. You have come after smoking a cigarette.
Sisterfucker, one should have money to pursue this hobby,
friend. Where will you get [laughs]
alcohol? Then tell me where did you perform
? How many people came? How much money did you earn? Now
you know how much money you gave. Isn't it
?
What can I tell them, they are still performing only after paying money.
Then at midnight, come and tell me what you have told me.
Now I am telling jokes to my father at midnight.
[laughter] There's
an elephant, there's an ant. The ant gets a
relationship with the elephant. [laughter] The
ant refused. So the other one
asked, brother, why did you refuse? So the first one
says that brother the boy's teeth are out.
So that was the response, meaning neither he nor I were laughing.
Papa is Papa, he will not say such a thing, don't do it, he is a
child, don't demoralize him,
he is saying no son, you want to perform,
you do it, I will not stop you, I just
want to meet those people once [laughter]
who are laughing at them [laughter] I will just
ask them once that for your little
fun at home [laughter]
why are you ruining my child's life
? [laughter]
Son, have you thought about the future
? I said Papa, you should have thought about the future. You would
n't have been doing comedy.
[laughter] I said, Dad, let me sleep, I've had enough these days.
I sleep after you abuse me.
Mom comes in the morning to wake me up.
You have ruined your life. What are you
doing? Till now I had to work in MAC. You would have got
married and would have had two children.
Now what will happen to our dynasty? Our
dynasty is our dynasty, we seem to be the grandsons of Tipu Sultan
Ours is a Sultanate, a two BHK Sultanate in Delhi.
I also avoid it. I said,
actually, I am living these days, I
want to live, then Papa says, what is living?
I said, Papa, this is how a
boy and a girl live together, then they get to know each other
and if they like each other, then they get married. He
says, then who will do it for you again
?
If no one knows you [laughs]
then it's over. It would be
good son, whatever arrangements are going on, get it done and
someone will come in our name. Marriage
is such a big deal, friend. Meaning,
madam, what is your name?
Nainita.
Nainita ji, tell me one thing.
Convincing a girl to spend her entire life with you.
What a big thing it is. Isn't it? I have been doing
comedy for 10 years. I am
not able to convince four people to accompany me for an
hour. [laughter]
You tell me what you'll do, by the way, I'm asking
you. Look [laughter]
it's like this. Look ma'am let's have fun in the show.
Rest you know outside that you also do
n't want to talk to me. [laughs]
Marriage is such a big deal. Tell a girl
that I will support you in your bad times.
How can I tell someone when I
know I'm the one who's having a bad time.
I run away from home. I said, I will beat you with all the abuses. I go out. There
is no outside seating. The office
is not mine. You can't sit at Starbux.
So you have to drink coffee worth ₹300 there. So
I go and sit in some temple or ashram. You know
what's great there?
Khichdi is distributed to the poor at one or one-thirty [laughs],
so I have my lunch there. But do you
know what the problem is? On the fourth or fifth day, the
people at the ashram get angry with me [laughs] and
say, "We've been living here for 10 years,
we've never done so much devotion before." [laughs] A
guy is sitting and meditating for seven hours.
Now, how do they know that a guy is depressed,
[ __ ], there's no place to go. He's going to have a
hard time getting out of there. And then I'm in a Jackie
Shroff-like situation.
When will I achieve my dreams?
When will I tell jokes? Then my video will
come out. I'll go viral. Then
four or five people come like this. They're
frustrated with the corporate sector. They say, "Make me laugh, you
[ __ ]." [laughs]
You'll make me laugh after being abused by the boss.
Come on, make me laugh, sister."
Then Ajay Sharma comes in that kind of mode, and the same
cycle continues. The insult still doesn't go away. I
know where the insult starts.
My family members around me. He might not have told his family
that he does comedy. I have
told my nearby relatives that I am
working in Bombay. So I ca
n't go home until 7 or 8:00. One day I left. I had
no performance anywhere. So I
went and mom opened the door and asked how did you come
? I said it is my house. How do I
take a bath? [laughter]
Saying those neighbors are sitting there. I have told them that
you are in Bombay. And I, [ __ ],
where will I go to Bombay now?
I am standing at the gate, bastard. You are saying, should I just
stand outside now? She is saying no,
you do this, ring the bell again. I would be surprised
that you have come from Bombay, then we will
act, then you come, then I
rang the bell again, hey Vaibhav you have come, you did
not tell me that you are coming from Bombay, all that
dirty acting like Ekta Kapoor's sisterfucker
[laughs] then I am coming inside in shorts, I do not have
any luggage, even the neighbors are saying
this is the condition of a person with a job, this sisterfucker is
coming in underwear, I do not have any luggage, I do not have a laptop, then I get
humiliated there,
our life is very difficult, so I
said what should I do? So people told me
that when you are depressed, don't
keep your thoughts to yourself. Tell people to depress them too.
So now there are no girls like this madam in our lives,
right? It is so
beautiful that it is fun to see it. Isn't it? I
applied lipstick etc., the nail polish is good,
absolutely endearing, nothing exuberant.
[laughs] We have
mechanical guys like us in our lives.
He himself is in depression.
What should I talk to him about? I called my friend.
Now what ringtone has
he set? If you have come to this world, you will have to
live. If there is life, then one will have to drink poison.
Now this will help
in depression, I picked up the phone and said, brother, how are
you? He is just saying that brother, I am breathing.
I said it's night. I had not gone to sleep. He is
saying what are you talking about? Friend, does this
restlessness make me sleepy? [laughter]
Where am I these days? He is saying, look, until the
father kicks him out of the house, he will remain at
home. Rest you know that
dogs have no fixed place.
I said, look brother, I am
feeling depressed like that. I feel like dying.
I don't understand, friend,
what should I do? I am finding it difficult. He is saying
what are you saying friend, your brother is
alive. Tell me how will you do it? [laughter] I'll
get some rat poison. He will do it
with petrol, with rope. I said,
"It is not in your mind, he is my friend, I will
save him." He is saying, friend, I know your life,
you will die telling dirty jokes. He himself is
also taking tension. It will
also depress people. He is saying that now
you can do whatever comes to your mind. I am telling you the truth, I
also feel like committing suicide. If
I see you once, I will feel encouraged.
[laughter] I'm saying you do it, then
I'll do it too. I said, bastard, I am
giving tutorial here. [laughter]
I said, just sit down for once. At
least we sit on Saturday. Saturday sat down, now we are
sitting on Royal Strike. He said wait, let me
check whether you are depressed or not.
He placed the glass and filled it half with water. He is saying, tell me it is
half empty and half full.
I said, look brother, it looks perfect to me.
Just add liquor and ice. I'm
fine with that [laughs]. He
said, you crazy man, I was checking whether you are
optimistic. Is pessimistic. I
said you should have been so educated. I would not have been with you then.
Then I told him. I said this is happening to
me. He is saying, look friend, this is stage
four depression. He doesn't even know that he is also
beating me, you bastard. [laughter]
I would have said that he was making something like this. He is
saying, look friend, it is beyond your capacity.
This involves very expensive treatment. You will have to
take therapy. Isn't it? You will have to nourish
yourself. You don't even know how to speak. And
so is taking good care of diet-vit. You have to
take care of yourself. Self love is doing it. It is beyond
your capacity. You should smoke cigarettes and drink alcohol.
Blow a joint, do acid, do whatever you want.
I said, will this cure depression
? I am not saying that this will cause a bigger disease.
Then you will not feel depressed.
Okay madam, I am performing well, right?
Just keep supporting me. Life will turn out like this.
[nasal sound] So nothing,
then I said, forget it, friend, let's
talk to my parents. This seems serious to
me. I went to my father. I
said, Papa, I feel like I am
depressed. I feel like dying.
I don't know what to do. He said,
son, first of all get life insurance.
They say I did not get any happiness during your lifetime.
[laughter] At
least there's some benefit after I die. He is saying
tell me one thing, by the way this is a fan. In this,
you do this and show me how to hang the scarf properly.
You are not able to get a job of Rs 3000. Will
you commit suicide? If you hang up,
I'll support you. I am your
father, son. [Praise]
I said I am not getting any sympathy from my father. My
father hurt me a lot. I
went to mom. Mom, I am feeling depressed. I feel like
dying. Tell me what should
I do? She said, when you do it, please tell me also.
I will also do it with you. Your father has
troubled me a lot. You will get company on this pretext.
I said, Mom, we are not forming such a committee.
She would say, just wait for 15 minutes, let my Ahalya
finish. Then we will do it after that. This
sister-fucker serial is more important
than suicide. [laughter] That's respect in our house. Here you go
sisterfucker, open up about depression,
parents will support you. Then Na
went to the kitchen and brought a packet of Eno.
She says that when there is gas in the stomach etc., it does not go
to the head and thoughts
of suicide etc. come to mind. Ino, please eat it.
This will fix it.
I said, Mom, what are you doing? She said that it
came on my WhatsApp that people who suffer from
depression also suffer from acidity.
I said mom, that is not acidity, it is
anxiety. [laughter]
[applause] Do
n't think I'm your mother. Don't argue too much with me
in English.
I said, Mom, please tell me something. She is saying, do this,
keep these photos of your father
and me. Whenever you feel like dying, just
look at us.
I said it's because of you that I feel like committing suicide
[laughs]. [Applause]
Okay. Then I said, Mom, leave
all this, let's go to a therapist.
Therapist is doing well these days. For ₹200 a
beautiful girl listens to your problems.
I said, whether you find a solution or not, it will be
nice to see it. So I
went there and saw that there were many boys like me standing there who talked with sympathy. For
whom there is no mention of
depression. A guy failed in Maths.
He sat down and said that they had broken up.
Yes, I said oh why did
he leave? He says I left it.
How did you leave? [laughs]
So he is saying that she was not giving respect.
I said you were giving me whatever I wanted.
Then I went. Well, she was so beautiful that after
seeing her I forgot the problem. [laughter]
Brother, I forgot I saw that. I
said nothing, I am just not able to sleep, you keep talking, I will be
fine
[laughs] the
bell started ringing behind me, sisterfucker, okay
I am not telling you, I am scared that
friend might hear this problem, I don't know, I should
stop talking, we
also remain in the impressing mode, friend, I have a
love interest, and she is saying that friend,
two sessions have been done, please tell me something, I said nothing
madam, I am not able to understand, should I do a job
or stand-up, I have failed in job also, nothing is happening
there also, I am doing stand-
up, nothing is happening in that also, then
she used those lines from the movies
that Vaibhav whenever there is a
conflict between heart in mind, you should always
follow heart soon and later you will find your way, you will
achieve your destination.
I spoke two lines of English. Please clap for
this.
Then nothing, I said, look, you are
right. But you did
not understand my problem. I have seen all the movies.
Three Idiots Gully Boy, this is our time. The
fire of words will melt the chains.
I have seen that. My problem is something else.
My problem is that I am
average in stand up also.
I don't do that well either. I mean, friend, not every
person who is playing cricket is
becoming Sachin. There is a PT teacher in the school too,
right? [laughs]
Now he is unable to understand this, friend,
what should he answer to this? I am
not even able to cover the metro fare due to the flames of my words.
What should I explain to him? So she was also
surprised and said friend you are looking
quite negative after doing this, you should start writing a gratitude diary,
I said one should be grateful,
what should I write about something,
gratitude for what, look at my life,
everything has been ruined, she said that you have eyes, that you have
nose, that you have arms, that
you can breathe, I said is
n't this too basic [laughs] I said even the
air of Delhi will not be grateful, you have done it
well, the person may die
so I said what should I do brother,
then she said you should do this, reflect, then come for
a week, and then come and
tell me how it felt, so I reflected,
came for a week, I said madam it did
not make any difference, I became even more depressed after
looking at myself [laughter] she said
which reflection are you talking about, what did you do
in reflection, I said I have
tried all the measures [praise]
I said I, I
said I I can also tell you my observations.
Real and inverted images are formed in concave mirrors.
Convex forms a virtual diminished
erect. And I said
you already know about the plane mirror. [laughter] What kind of
reflection are you coming with?
I said, which one did you think it was? She is saying that
I had asked you to write thoughts. So I
said I can't tell you this. You may think that you are
educated and I will understand it.
You bastard, you don't understand this English guy.
Say it directly or write your thoughts.
What is reflection? So she is saying that
friend, your condition is very bad.
You
start with affirmations [laughs]. Do
you know what affirmation is? I said no, I am
hearing this for the first time. So I am saying,
give yourself confidence that I am very
good. I can do anything. I am
capable of doing everything. I have the most
powerful man. This that. By doing this, do
n't get yourself pumped up every morning. Keep
motivating yourself that you are good, you will do it.
So I said okay, I will do it.
So I started doing it. I am the
most handsome man in the world. This is the first time I am
laughing. Look [laughter]
you won't believe it. I will get it done then.
I can do anything. I am the best
comedian in the world. [laughs]
So I had the same feeling that you are having right now.
I went and asked him. I said, look, I am a
little religious too. I will not
lie so much, otherwise I will be
burdened with more sins early in the morning. [laughter]
I said, Madam, if there's anything else, please tell me. Now
I am not able to understand. She is saying that you should do this and I will go for
sound healing. Maybe
that will make a difference. Has anyone done sound healing
? I will tell you about sound healing.
What happens is that there is a lady who makes you
lie down. [laughs] It's
all the ladies doing the yoga mat. Of
depression. She gives it and does the right thing.
[praise] She made
me lie down on the yoga mat and played some really
nice music, flute gong, a
Buddhist type instrumental music
and said take a deep breath in and let go to sleep, after applying perfume I fell
asleep in 10 minutes [laughs]
after an hour she put her hand on my shoulder and said the
session was over [laughter]
you fell asleep then get up and she
said bring ₹2000
ok I don't carry a purse.
I took out my phone and Paytm got switched off.
Battery was not important. So I said sorry
ma'am, I will not be able to give my Paytm right now. The
phone is off. I will pay next time. So she got
very angry. She is saying how do you
mean if you don't have money then
how do you come to get such expensive therapy?
This is not done. This is not the way this is so
expensive therapy. If you can't afford how can
you come to our sessions like this?
I said, Madam, look, you are not able to let go of ₹000.
You told me to let go of my 20-20 year old
problems. Leave it. I said
I went back to the therapist after that.
I said look, I am not getting any session. She
said, okay Vaibhav, tell me what is
your vision? I said -4 for the left, [laughs]
-4.5 for the right. She's
saying, man, I can't even talk to you intellectually.
You leave it. How is your relationship with your father
? Ma'am, it is the same as Father's. Both of them do
not talk to each other. I am
saying I got it. You have an incomplete relationship
with your father. You have a problem with your
relationship with your dad. Tell your father I
love you. [laughter]
I said if you have any friends or something, call them.
Look at this Fathervader, I said this is a
very difficult task. I won't be able to do it. They are
saying that if I just do this then everything will be fine.
I went to Father early in the morning, he was
reading the newspaper. I can't even speak.
I said I love you, I love you. What
happened? Did you come after hitting the car? [laughter] Do you
need money? Did you come drunk?
What? The police caught him, what happened? What is he
saying? Well, he too was surprised that till date no
one has said I love
you. Mom did not say anything, what else would anyone
say? I said, nothing Papa, you have done
so much for us since childhood.
I never thanked you. Do
n't show gratitude. He has done a lot for us.
I really love you. And Papa Shauk
said, no problem son, go. He doesn't know how to say I love you too. No
problem, go.
So now I'm sitting in the room. He came and said, Vaibhav,
you were saying that we do not support you in comedy,
you want support from us.
I said yes Papa is saying that from now on we will
support you. I said thank you
dad. I said then that job that you were
talking about, let it be for now. I am
not saying son, the salary that comes on the first of every month is enough to
run the household.
Look, keep searching for it together. I said
okay then. I look for a job. But at least I will
leave aside what he is saying about marriage. I am not saying, son,
your age will pass soon. After this
you will not find anyone. This is the age for
marriage, son. Look, marriage has to be done.
I said that even at this age I am
not able to find anyone. [laughs] Then I said,
whatever you are saying, I should leave the IAS preparation and do what
I am doing. I am saying no son, you
can give it only till 32, no matter how many
years are left, it has to be done. I,
sisterfucker, why should I come to you now [laughs]
that was good, sisterfucker. There was no conversation going on between
us. This therapist
I went back to after that. I said I have been to the
club a lot. I said, you are
fooling me. None of these solutions are
working for you. This one with the father was a
complete disaster. If you have any question then
tell me otherwise I am leaving.
Vaibhav says, honestly, after having sessions with you,
I am
also getting a little depressed. [laughs]
We send our critical patients to a psychiatrist. You should go to a
psychiatrist. I went to a
psychiatrist. He asked
what happened? I said look sir, I wanted to do
computer science. I did
not get a good rank. I got mechanical.
I remained troubled among boys for four years.
Then I got a job and that too as a labourer. Nothing is happening in
that either. I said I'm doing
stand-up. I am not able to do anything in that also.
So I thought he would tell me this is
chronic depression, mid-life crisis. I am
not telling you how much money you earn per month
? I said I will earn it. I used to earn Rs 30-400. He is
saying, friend, do it then what is the
problem. [laughs] I'm not like
us sitting here happily
among crazy people.
We had to be surgeons ourselves.
We didn't rank well.
[laughs] To tell you the truth, I'm depressed about this
too. Nothing is left.
Look at the mad people morning and evening. In the evening I become
crazy. The surgeon earns ₹1.5
crore. We are not able to make 5 lakhs. There is only
one cure for this, try self-love
Vaibhav. I said self love, what do you think, is
someone else loving me?
[laughter] Sir, I
[applause] [encouraging voice]
I said, Sir, I am a mechanical guy. I am
alive only because of self-love.
If I don't love myself either. I would have left long ago.
I said Sir, I am
telling you my deep secret. I feel like
kissing you, so at night I
put my hand on your neck and make sounds.
[laughs] He
says, what are you talking about, I do this too.
[Praise] He is
saying try spending time with nature and
see around. I said I had done it.
Went to Sunset Point. Sunset was happening.
I was also going to go down with him. So the
people around caught him. He hit me further and said, you
bastard, you will die after coming here. It is
spoiling our mood. [laughter]
I said, do you even know how many dirty
thoughts I have? I said, Sir, if the thought comes to your mind
that you want to drink water, what do you do
? You go to the fridge, open it,
take out the bottle, pour it in a glass and drink water.
I know what thoughts come to my mind. Like
I'm feeling thirsty. Vaibhav is feeling thirsty.
What will you do after drinking water? [laughter]
Then the wee one will come.
Then he will get up to urinate and will feel thirsty again. He has been
doing all this since childhood. Have you found any happiness
in this? Try leaving the water aside. Let's see
what happens. Look, leave it and see. I
said such thoughts are coming to me. He is saying that
then the matter is bad. Then there
is only one cure for this. Spirituality, become
spiritual, there is no other way.
So I said okay. So
what did I do first? Dhurandhar [screaming sound] Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar
[music] Dhurandhar
