There is only one cure for this, try self-love There is only one cure for this, try self-love There is only one cure for this, try self-love Vaibhav.  I said self love, what do you think, is Vaibhav.  I said self love, what do you think, is Vaibhav.  I said self love, what do you think, is someone else loving me? someone else loving me? someone else loving me? I said, Sir, I said, Sir, I said, Sir, I said, Sir, I'm a mechanical guy.  I am I said, Sir, I'm a mechanical guy.  I am I said, Sir, I'm a mechanical guy.  I am alive only because of self-love. alive only because of self-love. alive only because of self-love. [laughs] If I didn't love myself, [laughs] If I didn't love myself, [laughs] If I didn't love myself, I would be gone long ago.  I said Sir, I would be gone long ago.  I said Sir, I would be gone long ago.  I said Sir, I am telling you my deep secret.   I feel like I am telling you my deep secret.   I feel like I am telling you my deep secret.   I feel like kissing you, so at night kissing you, so at night kissing you, so at night I put my hand on your neck and make sounds. I put my hand on your neck and make sounds. [laughs] He says, what are you talking about, I do this too. says, what are you talking about, I do this too. I have come from Delhi. I have come from Delhi. I have come from Delhi. Today I see God in the people of Mumbai. Today I see God in the people of Mumbai. Today I see God in the people of Mumbai. Laugh.  Look please, otherwise my ass will tear.  [laughs] Look, life is very difficult.   All these are Look, life is very difficult.   All these are Look, life is very difficult.   All these are rumours that the rumours that the rumours that the life of an artist is very amazing.   You life of an artist is very amazing.   You life of an artist is very amazing.   You make fans and travel to different countries. make fans and travel to different countries. make fans and travel to different countries. Girls tear their clothes.  My underwear has Girls tear their clothes.  My underwear has Girls tear their clothes.  My underwear has torn in two years.  [laughter] torn in two years.  [laughter] torn in two years.  [laughter] I wasn't even making it, man.  I had I wasn't even making it, man.  I had I wasn't even making it, man.  I had no intention of no intention of no intention of becoming an artist or a comedian because I don't have any of the things required to become a comedian, neither do I have a becoming an artist or a comedian because I don't have any of the things required to become a comedian, neither do I have a personality nor do I personality nor do I personality nor do I have Air Jordans [laughs] have Air Jordans [laughs] have Air Jordans [laughs] neither do I enter in Punjabi songs neither do I enter in Punjabi songs neither do I enter in Punjabi songs nor do I know how to insult the audience in the nor do I know how to insult the audience in the nor do I know how to insult the audience in the name of crowd work name of crowd work name of crowd work nor do I talk nonsense on Instagram that nor do I talk nonsense on Instagram that nor do I talk nonsense on Instagram that I am living my life even if in reality I am living my life even if in reality I am living my life even if in reality I am smoking a joint due to depression I am smoking a joint due to depression I am smoking a joint due to depression [laughs] I do [laughs] I do [laughs] I do n't know that either.  Neither do I have any n't know that either.  Neither do I have any n't know that either.  Neither do I have any big producer following me saying, big producer following me saying, big producer following me saying, go ahead son, we will support you.  No one go ahead son, we will support you.  No one go ahead son, we will support you.  No one is here.  I have jokes. is here.  I have jokes. is here.  I have jokes. One does not become a comedian by telling such jokes. One does not become a comedian by telling such jokes. One does not become a comedian by telling such jokes. If you people also did not have a job, If you people also did not have a job, If you people also did not have a job, you would have done better than me.  [laughter] You'll realize that right now, just wait half an hour. You'll realize that right now, just wait half an hour. You'll realize that right now, just wait half an hour. [laughter] There's nothing wrong with me. wrong with me. wrong with me. I had given up performing.  I struggled well for four years I had given up performing.  I struggled well for four years I had given up performing.  I struggled well for four years and then gave up.  I don't have and then gave up.  I don't have and then gave up.  I don't have anything.  I said this is life.   Get anything.  I said this is life.   Get anything.  I said this is life.   Get up in the morning and go to the office. up in the morning and go to the office. up in the morning and go to the office. Come in the evening after facing abuses from the boss.  What happened in 2020? Come in the evening after facing abuses from the boss.  What happened in 2020? Come in the evening after facing abuses from the boss.  What happened in 2020? Covid arrived and after a few days Sushant Singh Covid arrived and after a few days Sushant Singh Covid arrived and after a few days Sushant Singh died.  And suddenly the rumour started that died.  And suddenly the rumour started that died.  And suddenly the rumour started that depression is a disease.  If you feel like depression is a disease.  If you feel like depression is a disease.  If you feel like dying, you do too. dying, you do too. dying, you do too. Take this seriously.  I said, he does it to me every day. Take this seriously.  I said, he does it to me every day. Take this seriously.  I said, he does it to me every day. I didn't know it was a disease.  I I didn't know it was a disease.  I I didn't know it was a disease.  I felt like the whole world was a [ __ ].  [laughter] Everybody would do it.  So suddenly it happened in the office Everybody would do it.  So suddenly it happened in the office Everybody would do it.  So suddenly it happened in the office that Vaibhav you are the HR.  You support us. that Vaibhav you are the HR.  You support us. that Vaibhav you are the HR.  You support us. We have to find out who in the company has We have to find out who in the company has We have to find out who in the company has mental health issues, who is depressed. mental health issues, who is depressed. mental health issues, who is depressed. You find out and let us know.  I said okay You find out and let us know.  I said okay You find out and let us know.  I said okay sir.  I made a poll.  Please open up, sir.  I made a poll.  Please open up, sir.  I made a poll.  Please open up, mental health is a serious issue.  This is mental health is a serious issue.  This is mental health is a serious issue.  This is from our company side, we will support you from our company side, we will support you from our company side, we will support you and by saying this and that, I also said yes. and by saying this and that, I also said yes. and by saying this and that, I also said yes. I had it too [laughs] I had it too [laughs] I had it too [laughs] What did the company do?  All those who had ticked yes were What did the company do?  All those who had ticked yes were What did the company do?  All those who had ticked yes were removed.  [laughter] [applause] They [applause] They [applause] They said it was a trick question.  We were actually said it was a trick question.  We were actually said it was a trick question.  We were actually planning the firing.  I said sir, don't do this to me. planning the firing.  I said sir, don't do this to me. planning the firing.  I said sir, don't do this to me. I ate your salt. I ate your salt. I ate your salt. I said I went by mistake sir, please don't I said I went by mistake sir, please don't I said I went by mistake sir, please don't take it seriously, it was the weekend I went, take it seriously, it was the weekend I went, take it seriously, it was the weekend I went, everyone was going into depression [laughs] I wo everyone was going into depression [laughs] I wo everyone was going into depression [laughs] I wo n't go again, I am saying no friend you n't go again, I am saying no friend you n't go again, I am saying no friend you guys are not able to take responsibility of the company, guys are not able to take responsibility of the company, guys are not able to take responsibility of the company, from where will you get it, I was fired from there but you were from where will you get it, I was fired from there but you were from where will you get it, I was fired from there but you were very nice, it's not like that, you had recently very nice, it's not like that, you had recently very nice, it's not like that, you had recently invited me to your daughter's wedding in Jamnagar, I was serving paneer [laughs] I was serving paneer [laughs] I was serving paneer [laughs] so nothing, I lost my job, then I had a so nothing, I lost my job, then I had a so nothing, I lost my job, then I had a girlfriend, the girlfriend was saying that girlfriend, the girlfriend was saying that girlfriend, the girlfriend was saying that I was the one who felt it [laughs] nothing special, we shook hands three-four times nothing special, we shook hands three-four times nothing special, we shook hands three-four times we started feeling that there is something between us, we started feeling that there is something between us, we started feeling that there is something between us, I am very serious, I am very serious, I am very serious, I said I will choose you before God, you I said I will choose you before God, you I said I will choose you before God, you know, even if God comes, know, even if God comes, know, even if God comes, I will choose you in front of him, I will choose you in front of him, I will choose you in front of him, I will always be with you in your life, if I will always be with you in your life, if I will always be with you in your life, if you ever feel like smoking a cigarette you ever feel like smoking a cigarette you ever feel like smoking a cigarette [sound of clearing throat] I will [sound of clearing throat] I will [sound of clearing throat] I will always stand by you holding the lighter. always stand by you holding the lighter. always stand by you holding the lighter. I said I will break your ass even to the moon and stars, and I I said I will break your ass even to the moon and stars, and I I said I will break your ass even to the moon and stars, and I said further.  You ca said further.  You ca said further.  You ca n't tell jokes.  The job n't tell jokes.  The job n't tell jokes.  The job is not yours.  He got me blocked on mail [laughs] it does n't happen that way.  [laughs] n't happen that way.  [laughs] n't happen that way.  [laughs] Then I sent ₹1 to Google Pay and then nothing and then that too was lost.  I am telling the truth.  The nothing and then that too was lost.  I am telling the truth.  The nothing and then that too was lost.  I am telling the truth.  The pain of the entire world on one side and the pain of the entire world on one side and the pain of the entire world on one side and the pain of leaving the prisoner on the other side. pain of leaving the prisoner on the other side. pain of leaving the prisoner on the other side. After that I was finished.  Then I don't understand what to do. After that I was finished.  Then I don't understand what to do. After that I was finished.  Then I don't understand what to do. So I started performing.  The So I started performing.  The So I started performing.  The performance is also not such that I am performance is also not such that I am performance is also not such that I am interested in making you people laugh or you will be able to interested in making you people laugh or you will be able to interested in making you people laugh or you will be able to change someone in my life. change someone in my life. change someone in my life. [laughter] Are [laughter] Are [laughter] Are you guys unable to change yourselves you guys unable to change yourselves you guys unable to change yourselves in your lives? in your lives? in your lives? [laughter] I do stand-up to find my job. [laughter] I do stand-up to find my job. [laughter] I do stand-up to find my job. Because you know what happens is Because you know what happens is Because you know what happens is that you guys are going to leave the show now, that you guys are going to leave the show now, that you guys are going to leave the show now, how do you meet the other artists, oh you are very good, you know can have a how do you meet the other artists, oh you are very good, you know can have a how do you meet the other artists, oh you are very good, you know can have a selfie with you, you are amazing can have selfie with you, you are amazing can have selfie with you, you are amazing can have your Insta handle, nothing like this happens with your Insta handle, nothing like this happens with your Insta handle, nothing like this happens with me, people put their hand on my shoulder and say me, people put their hand on my shoulder and say me, people put their hand on my shoulder and say brother, you should not lose courage, brother, you should not lose courage, brother, you should not lose courage, you have to keep going, you should not do anything wrong, you have to keep going, you should not do anything wrong, you have to keep going, you should not do anything wrong, you send your CV with you you send your CV with you you send your CV with you [laughter] [sound of clearing throat] I will look into the [laughter] [sound of clearing throat] I will look into the [laughter] [sound of clearing throat] I will look into the rest for you, keep your profile updated on Naukri, rest for you, keep your profile updated on Naukri, rest for you, keep your profile updated on Naukri, something or the other will definitely happen. something or the other will definitely happen. something or the other will definitely happen. So all this was going on in my life So all this was going on in my life So all this was going on in my life and I have three-four people who also come into stand-up. and I have three-four people who also come into stand-up. and I have three-four people who also come into stand-up. Like, we invited you guys today after much pleading Like, we invited you guys today after much pleading Like, we invited you guys today after much pleading I also feel a lot of guilt that I also feel a lot of guilt that I also feel a lot of guilt that why am I doing all this.  So life is why am I doing all this.  So life is why am I doing all this.  So life is very difficult anyway.  The rest of the family very difficult anyway.  The rest of the family very difficult anyway.  The rest of the family members do not let me live.  I go home. members do not let me live.  I go home. members do not let me live.  I go home. My father is sitting as Rajat Sharma. My father is sitting as Rajat Sharma. My father is sitting as Rajat Sharma. He holds your court and He holds your court and He holds your court and starts the interrogation at 12:00 at night.  You are accused of starts the interrogation at 12:00 at night.  You are accused of starts the interrogation at 12:00 at night.  You are accused of coming after drinking alcohol.  You have come after smoking a cigarette. coming after drinking alcohol.  You have come after smoking a cigarette. coming after drinking alcohol.  You have come after smoking a cigarette. Sisterfucker, one should have money to pursue this hobby, Sisterfucker, one should have money to pursue this hobby, Sisterfucker, one should have money to pursue this hobby, friend.  Where will you get [laughs] friend.  Where will you get [laughs] friend.  Where will you get [laughs] alcohol?  Then tell me where did you perform alcohol?  Then tell me where did you perform alcohol?  Then tell me where did you perform ?  How many people came?  How much money did you earn?  Now ?  How many people came?  How much money did you earn?  Now ?  How many people came?  How much money did you earn?  Now you know how much money you gave.   Isn't it you know how much money you gave.   Isn't it you know how much money you gave.   Isn't it ? ? ? What can I tell them, they are still performing only after paying money. What can I tell them, they are still performing only after paying money. Then at midnight, come and tell me what you have told me. Then at midnight, come and tell me what you have told me. Then at midnight, come and tell me what you have told me. Now I am telling jokes to my father at midnight. Now I am telling jokes to my father at midnight. Now I am telling jokes to my father at midnight. [laughter] There's [laughter] There's [laughter] There's an elephant, there's an ant.  The ant gets a an elephant, there's an ant.  The ant gets a an elephant, there's an ant.  The ant gets a relationship with the elephant.  [laughter] The relationship with the elephant.  [laughter] The relationship with the elephant.  [laughter] The ant refused.  So the other one ant refused.  So the other one ant refused.  So the other one asked, brother, why did you refuse?  So the first one asked, brother, why did you refuse?  So the first one asked, brother, why did you refuse?  So the first one says that brother the boy's teeth are out. says that brother the boy's teeth are out. says that brother the boy's teeth are out. So that was the response, meaning neither he nor I were laughing. So that was the response, meaning neither he nor I were laughing. Papa is Papa, he will not say such a thing, don't do it, he is a Papa is Papa, he will not say such a thing, don't do it, he is a Papa is Papa, he will not say such a thing, don't do it, he is a child, don't demoralize him, child, don't demoralize him, child, don't demoralize him, he is saying no son, you want to perform, he is saying no son, you want to perform, he is saying no son, you want to perform, you do it, I will not stop you, I just you do it, I will not stop you, I just you do it, I will not stop you, I just want to meet those people once [laughter] who are laughing at them [laughter] I will just who are laughing at them [laughter] I will just who are laughing at them [laughter] I will just ask them once that for your little ask them once that for your little ask them once that for your little fun at home [laughter] why are you ruining my child's life why are you ruining my child's life why are you ruining my child's life ?  [laughter] Son, have you thought about the future Son, have you thought about the future Son, have you thought about the future ?  I said Papa, you should have thought about the future.  You would ?  I said Papa, you should have thought about the future.  You would ?  I said Papa, you should have thought about the future.  You would n't have been doing comedy. n't have been doing comedy. n't have been doing comedy. [laughter] I said, Dad, let me sleep, I've had enough these days. [laughter] I said, Dad, let me sleep, I've had enough these days. [laughter] I said, Dad, let me sleep, I've had enough these days. I sleep after you abuse me. I sleep after you abuse me. I sleep after you abuse me. Mom comes in the morning to wake me up. Mom comes in the morning to wake me up. Mom comes in the morning to wake me up. You have ruined your life.  What are you You have ruined your life.  What are you You have ruined your life.  What are you doing?  Till now I had to work in MAC.  You would have got doing?  Till now I had to work in MAC.  You would have got doing?  Till now I had to work in MAC.  You would have got married and would have had two children. married and would have had two children. married and would have had two children. Now what will happen to our dynasty? Our Now what will happen to our dynasty? Our Now what will happen to our dynasty? Our dynasty is our dynasty, we seem to be the grandsons of Tipu Sultan dynasty is our dynasty, we seem to be the grandsons of Tipu Sultan dynasty is our dynasty, we seem to be the grandsons of Tipu Sultan Ours is a Sultanate, a two BHK Sultanate in Delhi. Ours is a Sultanate, a two BHK Sultanate in Delhi. Ours is a Sultanate, a two BHK Sultanate in Delhi. I also avoid it. I said, I also avoid it. I said, I also avoid it. I said, actually, I am living these days, I actually, I am living these days, I actually, I am living these days, I want to live, then Papa says, what is living? want to live, then Papa says, what is living? want to live, then Papa says, what is living? I said, Papa, this is how a I said, Papa, this is how a I said, Papa, this is how a boy and a girl live together, then they get to know each other boy and a girl live together, then they get to know each other boy and a girl live together, then they get to know each other and if they like each other, then they get married. He and if they like each other, then they get married. He and if they like each other, then they get married. He says, then who will do it for you again says, then who will do it for you again says, then who will do it for you again ? ? ? If no one knows you [laughs] If no one knows you [laughs] If no one knows you [laughs] then it's over.  It would be then it's over.  It would be then it's over.  It would be good son, whatever arrangements are going on, get it done and good son, whatever arrangements are going on, get it done and good son, whatever arrangements are going on, get it done and someone will come in our name.  Marriage someone will come in our name.  Marriage someone will come in our name.  Marriage is such a big deal, friend.  Meaning, is such a big deal, friend.  Meaning, is such a big deal, friend.  Meaning, madam, what is your name? madam, what is your name? madam, what is your name? Nainita. Nainita. Nainita. Nainita ji, tell me one thing. Nainita ji, tell me one thing. Nainita ji, tell me one thing. Convincing a girl to spend her entire life with you. Convincing a girl to spend her entire life with you. Convincing a girl to spend her entire life with you. What a big thing it is.  Isn't it?  I have been doing What a big thing it is.  Isn't it?  I have been doing What a big thing it is.  Isn't it?  I have been doing comedy for 10 years.  I am comedy for 10 years.  I am comedy for 10 years.  I am not able to convince four people to accompany me for an not able to convince four people to accompany me for an not able to convince four people to accompany me for an hour.  [laughter] You tell me what you'll do, by the way, I'm asking You tell me what you'll do, by the way, I'm asking You tell me what you'll do, by the way, I'm asking you.  Look [laughter] it's like this.  Look ma'am let's have fun in the show. it's like this.  Look ma'am let's have fun in the show. it's like this.  Look ma'am let's have fun in the show. Rest you know outside that you also do Rest you know outside that you also do Rest you know outside that you also do n't want to talk to me.  [laughs] Marriage is such a big deal.  Tell a girl Marriage is such a big deal.  Tell a girl Marriage is such a big deal.  Tell a girl that I will support you in your bad times. that I will support you in your bad times. that I will support you in your bad times. How can I tell someone when I How can I tell someone when I How can I tell someone when I know I'm the one who's having a bad time. know I'm the one who's having a bad time. know I'm the one who's having a bad time. I run away from home.  I said, I will beat you with all the abuses.  I go out.  There I run away from home.  I said, I will beat you with all the abuses.  I go out.  There is no outside seating.  The office is no outside seating.  The office is no outside seating.  The office is not mine.  You can't sit at Starbux. is not mine.  You can't sit at Starbux. is not mine.  You can't sit at Starbux. So you have to drink coffee worth ₹300 there.  So So you have to drink coffee worth ₹300 there.  So So you have to drink coffee worth ₹300 there.  So I go and sit in some temple or ashram.  You know I go and sit in some temple or ashram.  You know I go and sit in some temple or ashram.  You know what's great there? what's great there? Khichdi is distributed to the poor at one or one-thirty [laughs], Khichdi is distributed to the poor at one or one-thirty [laughs], Khichdi is distributed to the poor at one or one-thirty [laughs], so I have my lunch there. But do you so I have my lunch there. But do you so I have my lunch there. But do you know what the problem is? On the fourth or fifth day, the know what the problem is? On the fourth or fifth day, the know what the problem is? On the fourth or fifth day, the people at the ashram get angry with me [laughs] and people at the ashram get angry with me [laughs] and people at the ashram get angry with me [laughs] and say, "We've been living here for 10 years, say, "We've been living here for 10 years, say, "We've been living here for 10 years, we've never done so much devotion before." [laughs] A we've never done so much devotion before." [laughs] A we've never done so much devotion before." [laughs] A guy is sitting and meditating for seven hours. guy is sitting and meditating for seven hours. guy is sitting and meditating for seven hours. Now, how do they know that a guy is depressed, Now, how do they know that a guy is depressed, Now, how do they know that a guy is depressed, [ __ ], there's no place to go. He's going to have a [ __ ], there's no place to go. He's going to have a [ __ ], there's no place to go. He's going to have a hard time getting out of there. And then I'm in a Jackie hard time getting out of there. And then I'm in a Jackie hard time getting out of there. And then I'm in a Jackie Shroff-like situation. Shroff-like situation. Shroff-like situation. When will I achieve my dreams? When will I achieve my dreams? When will I achieve my dreams? When will I tell jokes? Then my video will When will I tell jokes? Then my video will When will I tell jokes? Then my video will come out. I'll go viral. Then come out. I'll go viral. Then come out. I'll go viral. Then four or five people come like this. They're four or five people come like this. They're four or five people come like this. They're frustrated with the corporate sector. They say, "Make me laugh, you frustrated with the corporate sector. They say, "Make me laugh, you frustrated with the corporate sector. They say, "Make me laugh, you [ __ ]." [laughs] You'll make me laugh after being abused by the boss. You'll make me laugh after being abused by the boss. You'll make me laugh after being abused by the boss. Come on, make me laugh, sister." Come on, make me laugh, sister." Come on, make me laugh, sister." Then Ajay Sharma comes in that kind of mode, and the same Then Ajay Sharma comes in that kind of mode, and the same Then Ajay Sharma comes in that kind of mode, and the same cycle continues. The insult still doesn't go away. I cycle continues. The insult still doesn't go away. I cycle continues. The insult still doesn't go away. I know where the insult starts. know where the insult starts. know where the insult starts. My family members around me.  He might not have told his family My family members around me.  He might not have told his family My family members around me.  He might not have told his family that he does comedy.  I have that he does comedy.  I have that he does comedy.  I have told my nearby relatives that I am told my nearby relatives that I am told my nearby relatives that I am working in Bombay.  So I ca working in Bombay.  So I ca working in Bombay.  So I ca n't go home until 7 or 8:00.  One day I left.   I had n't go home until 7 or 8:00.  One day I left.   I had n't go home until 7 or 8:00.  One day I left.   I had no performance anywhere.  So I no performance anywhere.  So I no performance anywhere.  So I went and mom opened the door and asked how did you come went and mom opened the door and asked how did you come went and mom opened the door and asked how did you come ?  I said it is my house.  How do I ?  I said it is my house.  How do I ?  I said it is my house.  How do I take a bath?  [laughter] take a bath?  [laughter] take a bath?  [laughter] Saying those neighbors are sitting there.  I have told them that Saying those neighbors are sitting there.  I have told them that Saying those neighbors are sitting there.  I have told them that you are in Bombay.  And I, [ __ ], you are in Bombay.  And I, [ __ ], you are in Bombay.  And I, [ __ ], where will I go to Bombay now? where will I go to Bombay now? where will I go to Bombay now? I am standing at the gate, bastard.  You are saying, should I just I am standing at the gate, bastard.  You are saying, should I just I am standing at the gate, bastard.  You are saying, should I just stand outside now?  She is saying no, stand outside now?  She is saying no, stand outside now?  She is saying no, you do this, ring the bell again.  I would be surprised you do this, ring the bell again.  I would be surprised you do this, ring the bell again.  I would be surprised that you have come from Bombay, then we will that you have come from Bombay, then we will that you have come from Bombay, then we will act, then you come, then I act, then you come, then I act, then you come, then I rang the bell again, hey Vaibhav you have come, you did rang the bell again, hey Vaibhav you have come, you did rang the bell again, hey Vaibhav you have come, you did not tell me that you are coming from Bombay, all that not tell me that you are coming from Bombay, all that not tell me that you are coming from Bombay, all that dirty acting like Ekta Kapoor's sisterfucker dirty acting like Ekta Kapoor's sisterfucker dirty acting like Ekta Kapoor's sisterfucker [laughs] then I am coming inside in shorts, I do not have [laughs] then I am coming inside in shorts, I do not have [laughs] then I am coming inside in shorts, I do not have any luggage, even the neighbors are saying this is the condition of a person with a job, this sisterfucker is this is the condition of a person with a job, this sisterfucker is this is the condition of a person with a job, this sisterfucker is coming in underwear, I do not have any luggage, I do not have a laptop, then I get coming in underwear, I do not have any luggage, I do not have a laptop, then I get coming in underwear, I do not have any luggage, I do not have a laptop, then I get humiliated there, humiliated there, humiliated there, our life is very difficult, so I our life is very difficult, so I our life is very difficult, so I said what should I do?  So people told me said what should I do?  So people told me said what should I do?  So people told me that when you are depressed, don't that when you are depressed, don't that when you are depressed, don't keep your thoughts to yourself.  Tell people to depress them too. keep your thoughts to yourself.  Tell people to depress them too. keep your thoughts to yourself.  Tell people to depress them too. So now there are no girls like this madam in our lives, So now there are no girls like this madam in our lives, So now there are no girls like this madam in our lives, right?  It is so right?  It is so right?  It is so beautiful that it is fun to see it.  Isn't it?   I beautiful that it is fun to see it.  Isn't it?   I beautiful that it is fun to see it.  Isn't it?   I applied lipstick etc., the nail polish is good, applied lipstick etc., the nail polish is good, applied lipstick etc., the nail polish is good, absolutely endearing, nothing exuberant. absolutely endearing, nothing exuberant. absolutely endearing, nothing exuberant. [laughs] We have mechanical guys like us in our lives. mechanical guys like us in our lives. mechanical guys like us in our lives. He himself is in depression. He himself is in depression. He himself is in depression. What should I talk to him about?  I called my friend. What should I talk to him about?  I called my friend. What should I talk to him about?  I called my friend. Now what ringtone has Now what ringtone has Now what ringtone has he set?  If you have come to this world, you will have to he set?  If you have come to this world, you will have to he set?  If you have come to this world, you will have to live.  If there is life, then one will have to drink poison. live.  If there is life, then one will have to drink poison. live.  If there is life, then one will have to drink poison. Now this will help Now this will help Now this will help in depression, I picked up the phone and said, brother, how are in depression, I picked up the phone and said, brother, how are in depression, I picked up the phone and said, brother, how are you?  He is just saying that brother, I am breathing. you?  He is just saying that brother, I am breathing. you?  He is just saying that brother, I am breathing. I said it's night.  I had not gone to sleep.   He is I said it's night.  I had not gone to sleep.   He is I said it's night.  I had not gone to sleep.   He is saying what are you talking about?  Friend, does this saying what are you talking about?  Friend, does this saying what are you talking about?  Friend, does this restlessness make me sleepy?  [laughter] restlessness make me sleepy?  [laughter] restlessness make me sleepy?  [laughter] Where am I these days?  He is saying, look, until the Where am I these days?  He is saying, look, until the Where am I these days?  He is saying, look, until the father kicks him out of the house, he will remain at father kicks him out of the house, he will remain at father kicks him out of the house, he will remain at home.  Rest you know that home.  Rest you know that home.  Rest you know that dogs have no fixed place. dogs have no fixed place. dogs have no fixed place. I said, look brother, I am I said, look brother, I am I said, look brother, I am feeling depressed like that.  I feel like dying. feeling depressed like that.  I feel like dying. feeling depressed like that.  I feel like dying. I don't understand, friend, I don't understand, friend, I don't understand, friend, what should I do?  I am finding it difficult.  He is saying what should I do?  I am finding it difficult.  He is saying what should I do?  I am finding it difficult.  He is saying what are you saying friend, your brother is what are you saying friend, your brother is what are you saying friend, your brother is alive.  Tell me how will you do it?  [laughter] I'll alive.  Tell me how will you do it?  [laughter] I'll alive.  Tell me how will you do it?  [laughter] I'll get some rat poison.   He will do it get some rat poison.   He will do it get some rat poison.   He will do it with petrol, with rope.  I said, with petrol, with rope.  I said, with petrol, with rope.  I said, "It is not in your mind, he is my friend, I will "It is not in your mind, he is my friend, I will "It is not in your mind, he is my friend, I will save him."  He is saying, friend, I know your life, save him."  He is saying, friend, I know your life, save him."  He is saying, friend, I know your life, you will die telling dirty jokes.  He himself is you will die telling dirty jokes.  He himself is you will die telling dirty jokes.  He himself is also taking tension.  It will also taking tension.  It will also taking tension.  It will also depress people.  He is saying that now also depress people.  He is saying that now also depress people.  He is saying that now you can do whatever comes to your mind.  I am telling you the truth, I you can do whatever comes to your mind.  I am telling you the truth, I you can do whatever comes to your mind.  I am telling you the truth, I also feel like committing suicide.   If also feel like committing suicide.   If also feel like committing suicide.   If I see you once, I will feel encouraged. I see you once, I will feel encouraged. I see you once, I will feel encouraged. [laughter] I'm saying you do it, then [laughter] I'm saying you do it, then [laughter] I'm saying you do it, then I'll do it too.  I said, bastard, I am I'll do it too.  I said, bastard, I am I'll do it too.  I said, bastard, I am giving tutorial here.  [laughter] giving tutorial here.  [laughter] giving tutorial here.  [laughter] I said, just sit down for once.  At I said, just sit down for once.  At I said, just sit down for once.  At least we sit on Saturday.  Saturday sat down, now we are least we sit on Saturday.  Saturday sat down, now we are least we sit on Saturday.  Saturday sat down, now we are sitting on Royal Strike.  He said wait, let me sitting on Royal Strike.  He said wait, let me sitting on Royal Strike.  He said wait, let me check whether you are depressed or not. check whether you are depressed or not. check whether you are depressed or not. He placed the glass and filled it half with water.  He is saying, tell me it is He placed the glass and filled it half with water.  He is saying, tell me it is He placed the glass and filled it half with water.  He is saying, tell me it is half empty and half full. half empty and half full. half empty and half full. I said, look brother, it looks perfect to me. I said, look brother, it looks perfect to me. I said, look brother, it looks perfect to me. Just add liquor and ice.  I'm Just add liquor and ice.  I'm Just add liquor and ice.  I'm fine with that [laughs].   He fine with that [laughs].   He fine with that [laughs].   He said, you crazy man, I was checking whether you are said, you crazy man, I was checking whether you are said, you crazy man, I was checking whether you are optimistic.  Is pessimistic.  I optimistic.  Is pessimistic.  I optimistic.  Is pessimistic.  I said you should have been so educated.  I would not have been with you then. said you should have been so educated.  I would not have been with you then. said you should have been so educated.  I would not have been with you then. Then I told him.  I said this is happening to Then I told him.  I said this is happening to Then I told him.  I said this is happening to me.  He is saying, look friend, this is stage me.  He is saying, look friend, this is stage me.  He is saying, look friend, this is stage four depression.  He doesn't even know that he is also four depression.  He doesn't even know that he is also four depression.  He doesn't even know that he is also beating me, you bastard.  [laughter] I would have said that he was making something like this.   He is I would have said that he was making something like this.   He is I would have said that he was making something like this.   He is saying, look friend, it is beyond your capacity. saying, look friend, it is beyond your capacity. saying, look friend, it is beyond your capacity. This involves very expensive treatment.  You will have to This involves very expensive treatment.  You will have to This involves very expensive treatment.  You will have to take therapy.  Isn't it?  You will have to nourish take therapy.  Isn't it?  You will have to nourish take therapy.  Isn't it?  You will have to nourish yourself.  You don't even know how to speak.  And yourself.  You don't even know how to speak.  And yourself.  You don't even know how to speak.  And so is taking good care of diet-vit.   You have to so is taking good care of diet-vit.   You have to so is taking good care of diet-vit.   You have to take care of yourself.  Self love is doing it.  It is beyond take care of yourself.  Self love is doing it.  It is beyond take care of yourself.  Self love is doing it.  It is beyond your capacity.  You should smoke cigarettes and drink alcohol. your capacity.  You should smoke cigarettes and drink alcohol. your capacity.  You should smoke cigarettes and drink alcohol. Blow a joint, do acid, do whatever you want. Blow a joint, do acid, do whatever you want. Blow a joint, do acid, do whatever you want. I said, will this cure depression I said, will this cure depression I said, will this cure depression ?  I am not saying that this will cause a bigger disease. ?  I am not saying that this will cause a bigger disease. ?  I am not saying that this will cause a bigger disease. Then you will not feel depressed. Then you will not feel depressed. Then you will not feel depressed. Okay madam, I am performing well, right? Okay madam, I am performing well, right? Okay madam, I am performing well, right? Just keep supporting me.  Life will turn out like this. Just keep supporting me.  Life will turn out like this. Just keep supporting me.  Life will turn out like this. [nasal sound] So nothing, [nasal sound] So nothing, [nasal sound] So nothing, then I said, forget it, friend, let's then I said, forget it, friend, let's then I said, forget it, friend, let's talk to my parents.  This seems serious to talk to my parents.  This seems serious to talk to my parents.  This seems serious to me.  I went to my father.  I me.  I went to my father.  I me.  I went to my father.  I said, Papa, I feel like I am said, Papa, I feel like I am said, Papa, I feel like I am depressed.  I feel like dying. depressed.  I feel like dying. depressed.  I feel like dying. I don't know what to do.  He said, I don't know what to do.  He said, I don't know what to do.  He said, son, first of all get life insurance. son, first of all get life insurance. son, first of all get life insurance. They say I did not get any happiness during your lifetime. They say I did not get any happiness during your lifetime. They say I did not get any happiness during your lifetime. [laughter] At least there's some benefit after I die.  He is saying least there's some benefit after I die.  He is saying least there's some benefit after I die.  He is saying tell me one thing, by the way this is a fan.  In this, tell me one thing, by the way this is a fan.  In this, tell me one thing, by the way this is a fan.  In this, you do this and show me how to hang the scarf properly. you do this and show me how to hang the scarf properly. you do this and show me how to hang the scarf properly. You are not able to get a job of Rs 3000.   Will You are not able to get a job of Rs 3000.   Will You are not able to get a job of Rs 3000.   Will you commit suicide?  If you hang up, you commit suicide?  If you hang up, you commit suicide?  If you hang up, I'll support you.  I am your I'll support you.  I am your I'll support you.  I am your father, son.  [Praise] I said I am not getting any sympathy from my father.  My I said I am not getting any sympathy from my father.  My I said I am not getting any sympathy from my father.  My father hurt me a lot.  I father hurt me a lot.  I father hurt me a lot.  I went to mom.  Mom, I am feeling depressed.  I feel like went to mom.  Mom, I am feeling depressed.  I feel like went to mom.  Mom, I am feeling depressed.  I feel like dying.  Tell me what should dying.  Tell me what should dying.  Tell me what should I do?  She said, when you do it, please tell me also. I do?  She said, when you do it, please tell me also. I do?  She said, when you do it, please tell me also. I will also do it with you.  Your father has I will also do it with you.  Your father has I will also do it with you.  Your father has troubled me a lot.  You will get company on this pretext. troubled me a lot.  You will get company on this pretext. I said, Mom, we are not forming such a committee. I said, Mom, we are not forming such a committee. I said, Mom, we are not forming such a committee. She would say, just wait for 15 minutes, let my Ahalya She would say, just wait for 15 minutes, let my Ahalya She would say, just wait for 15 minutes, let my Ahalya finish.  Then we will do it after that.  This finish.  Then we will do it after that.  This finish.  Then we will do it after that.  This sister-fucker serial is more important sister-fucker serial is more important sister-fucker serial is more important than suicide.  [laughter] That's respect in our house.  Here you go than suicide.  [laughter] That's respect in our house.  Here you go than suicide.  [laughter] That's respect in our house.  Here you go sisterfucker, open up about depression, sisterfucker, open up about depression, sisterfucker, open up about depression, parents will support you.  Then Na parents will support you.  Then Na parents will support you.  Then Na went to the kitchen and brought a packet of Eno. went to the kitchen and brought a packet of Eno. went to the kitchen and brought a packet of Eno. She says that when there is gas in the stomach etc., it does not go She says that when there is gas in the stomach etc., it does not go She says that when there is gas in the stomach etc., it does not go to the head and thoughts to the head and thoughts to the head and thoughts of suicide etc. come to mind.  Ino, please eat it. of suicide etc. come to mind.  Ino, please eat it. of suicide etc. come to mind.  Ino, please eat it. This will fix it. This will fix it. This will fix it. I said, Mom, what are you doing?  She said that it I said, Mom, what are you doing?  She said that it I said, Mom, what are you doing?  She said that it came on my WhatsApp that people who suffer from came on my WhatsApp that people who suffer from came on my WhatsApp that people who suffer from depression also suffer from acidity. depression also suffer from acidity. depression also suffer from acidity. I said mom, that is not acidity, it is I said mom, that is not acidity, it is I said mom, that is not acidity, it is anxiety.  [laughter] [applause] Do [applause] Do [applause] Do n't think I'm your mother.  Don't argue too much with me n't think I'm your mother.  Don't argue too much with me n't think I'm your mother.  Don't argue too much with me in English. in English. in English. I said, Mom, please tell me something.  She is saying, do this, I said, Mom, please tell me something.  She is saying, do this, I said, Mom, please tell me something.  She is saying, do this, keep these photos of your father keep these photos of your father keep these photos of your father and me.  Whenever you feel like dying, just and me.  Whenever you feel like dying, just and me.  Whenever you feel like dying, just look at us. look at us. look at us. I said it's because of you that I feel like committing suicide I said it's because of you that I feel like committing suicide I said it's because of you that I feel like committing suicide [laughs].  [Applause] Okay.  Then I said, Mom, leave Okay.  Then I said, Mom, leave Okay.  Then I said, Mom, leave all this, let's go to a therapist. all this, let's go to a therapist. all this, let's go to a therapist. Therapist is doing well these days.  For ₹200 a Therapist is doing well these days.  For ₹200 a Therapist is doing well these days.  For ₹200 a beautiful girl listens to your problems. beautiful girl listens to your problems. beautiful girl listens to your problems. I said, whether you find a solution or not, it will be I said, whether you find a solution or not, it will be I said, whether you find a solution or not, it will be nice to see it.  So I nice to see it.  So I nice to see it.  So I went there and saw that there were many boys like me standing there who talked with sympathy.  For went there and saw that there were many boys like me standing there who talked with sympathy.  For whom there is no mention of whom there is no mention of whom there is no mention of depression.  A guy failed in Maths. depression.  A guy failed in Maths. depression.  A guy failed in Maths. He sat down and said that they had broken up. He sat down and said that they had broken up. He sat down and said that they had broken up. Yes, I said oh why did Yes, I said oh why did Yes, I said oh why did he leave?  He says I left it. he leave?  He says I left it. he leave?  He says I left it. How did you leave?  [laughs] How did you leave?  [laughs] How did you leave?  [laughs] So he is saying that she was not giving respect. So he is saying that she was not giving respect. So he is saying that she was not giving respect. I said you were giving me whatever I wanted. I said you were giving me whatever I wanted. I said you were giving me whatever I wanted. Then I went.  Well, she was so beautiful that after Then I went.  Well, she was so beautiful that after Then I went.  Well, she was so beautiful that after seeing her I forgot the problem.  [laughter] seeing her I forgot the problem.  [laughter] seeing her I forgot the problem.  [laughter] Brother, I forgot I saw that.  I Brother, I forgot I saw that.  I Brother, I forgot I saw that.  I said nothing, I am just not able to sleep, you keep talking, I will be said nothing, I am just not able to sleep, you keep talking, I will be said nothing, I am just not able to sleep, you keep talking, I will be fine fine fine [laughs] the [laughs] the [laughs] the bell started ringing behind me, sisterfucker, okay bell started ringing behind me, sisterfucker, okay bell started ringing behind me, sisterfucker, okay I am not telling you, I am scared that I am not telling you, I am scared that I am not telling you, I am scared that friend might hear this problem, I don't know, I should friend might hear this problem, I don't know, I should friend might hear this problem, I don't know, I should stop talking, we stop talking, we stop talking, we also remain in the impressing mode, friend, I have a also remain in the impressing mode, friend, I have a also remain in the impressing mode, friend, I have a love interest, and she is saying that friend, love interest, and she is saying that friend, love interest, and she is saying that friend, two sessions have been done, please tell me something, I said nothing two sessions have been done, please tell me something, I said nothing two sessions have been done, please tell me something, I said nothing madam, I am not able to understand, should I do a job madam, I am not able to understand, should I do a job madam, I am not able to understand, should I do a job or stand-up, I have failed in job also, nothing is happening or stand-up, I have failed in job also, nothing is happening or stand-up, I have failed in job also, nothing is happening there also, I am doing stand- there also, I am doing stand- there also, I am doing stand- up, nothing is happening in that also, then up, nothing is happening in that also, then up, nothing is happening in that also, then she used those lines from the movies she used those lines from the movies she used those lines from the movies that Vaibhav whenever there is a that Vaibhav whenever there is a that Vaibhav whenever there is a conflict between heart in mind, you should always conflict between heart in mind, you should always conflict between heart in mind, you should always follow heart soon and later you will find your way, you will follow heart soon and later you will find your way, you will follow heart soon and later you will find your way, you will achieve your destination. achieve your destination. achieve your destination. I spoke two lines of English.  Please clap for I spoke two lines of English.  Please clap for I spoke two lines of English.  Please clap for this. this. this. Then nothing, I said, look, you are Then nothing, I said, look, you are Then nothing, I said, look, you are right.  But you did right.  But you did right.  But you did not understand my problem.  I have seen all the movies. not understand my problem.  I have seen all the movies. not understand my problem.  I have seen all the movies. Three Idiots Gully Boy, this is our time.   The Three Idiots Gully Boy, this is our time.   The Three Idiots Gully Boy, this is our time.   The fire of words will melt the chains. fire of words will melt the chains. fire of words will melt the chains. I have seen that.  My problem is something else. I have seen that.  My problem is something else. I have seen that.  My problem is something else. My problem is that I am My problem is that I am My problem is that I am average in stand up also. average in stand up also. average in stand up also. I don't do that well either.  I mean, friend, not every I don't do that well either.  I mean, friend, not every I don't do that well either.  I mean, friend, not every person who is playing cricket is person who is playing cricket is person who is playing cricket is becoming Sachin.  There is a PT teacher in the school too, becoming Sachin.  There is a PT teacher in the school too, becoming Sachin.  There is a PT teacher in the school too, right?  [laughs] right?  [laughs] right?  [laughs] Now he is unable to understand this, friend, Now he is unable to understand this, friend, Now he is unable to understand this, friend, what should he answer to this?  I am what should he answer to this?  I am what should he answer to this?  I am not even able to cover the metro fare due to the flames of my words. not even able to cover the metro fare due to the flames of my words. not even able to cover the metro fare due to the flames of my words. What should I explain to him?  So she was also What should I explain to him?  So she was also What should I explain to him?  So she was also surprised and said friend you are looking surprised and said friend you are looking surprised and said friend you are looking quite negative after doing this, you should start writing a gratitude diary, quite negative after doing this, you should start writing a gratitude diary, quite negative after doing this, you should start writing a gratitude diary, I said one should be grateful, I said one should be grateful, I said one should be grateful, what should I write about something, what should I write about something, what should I write about something, gratitude for what, look at my life, gratitude for what, look at my life, gratitude for what, look at my life, everything has been ruined, she said that you have eyes, that you have everything has been ruined, she said that you have eyes, that you have everything has been ruined, she said that you have eyes, that you have nose, that you have arms, that nose, that you have arms, that nose, that you have arms, that you can breathe, I said is you can breathe, I said is you can breathe, I said is n't this too basic [laughs] I said even the n't this too basic [laughs] I said even the n't this too basic [laughs] I said even the air of Delhi will not be grateful, you have done it air of Delhi will not be grateful, you have done it air of Delhi will not be grateful, you have done it well, the person may die well, the person may die well, the person may die so I said what should I do brother, so I said what should I do brother, so I said what should I do brother, then she said you should do this, reflect, then come for then she said you should do this, reflect, then come for then she said you should do this, reflect, then come for a week, and then come and a week, and then come and a week, and then come and tell me how it felt, so I reflected, tell me how it felt, so I reflected, tell me how it felt, so I reflected, came for a week, I said madam it did came for a week, I said madam it did came for a week, I said madam it did not make any difference, I became even more depressed after not make any difference, I became even more depressed after not make any difference, I became even more depressed after looking at myself [laughter] she said looking at myself [laughter] she said looking at myself [laughter] she said which reflection are you talking about, what did you do which reflection are you talking about, what did you do which reflection are you talking about, what did you do in reflection, I said I have in reflection, I said I have in reflection, I said I have tried all the measures [praise] tried all the measures [praise] tried all the measures [praise] I said I, I I said I, I I said I, I said I  I can also tell you my observations. said I  I can also tell you my observations. said I  I can also tell you my observations. Real and inverted images are formed in concave mirrors. Real and inverted images are formed in concave mirrors. Real and inverted images are formed in concave mirrors. Convex forms a virtual diminished Convex forms a virtual diminished Convex forms a virtual diminished erect.  And I said erect.  And I said erect.  And I said you already know about the plane mirror.  [laughter] What kind of you already know about the plane mirror.  [laughter] What kind of you already know about the plane mirror.  [laughter] What kind of reflection are you coming with? reflection are you coming with? reflection are you coming with? I said, which one did you think it was?  She is saying that I said, which one did you think it was?  She is saying that I said, which one did you think it was?  She is saying that I had asked you to write thoughts.  So I I had asked you to write thoughts.  So I I had asked you to write thoughts.  So I said I can't tell you this.  You may think that you are said I can't tell you this.  You may think that you are said I can't tell you this.  You may think that you are educated and I will understand it. educated and I will understand it. educated and I will understand it. You bastard, you don't understand this English guy. You bastard, you don't understand this English guy. You bastard, you don't understand this English guy. Say it directly or write your thoughts. Say it directly or write your thoughts. Say it directly or write your thoughts. What is reflection?  So she is saying that What is reflection?  So she is saying that What is reflection?  So she is saying that friend, your condition is very bad. friend, your condition is very bad. friend, your condition is very bad. You start with affirmations [laughs].  Do start with affirmations [laughs].  Do start with affirmations [laughs].  Do you know what affirmation is?  I said no, I am you know what affirmation is?  I said no, I am you know what affirmation is?  I said no, I am hearing this for the first time.  So I am saying, hearing this for the first time.  So I am saying, hearing this for the first time.  So I am saying, give yourself confidence that I am very give yourself confidence that I am very give yourself confidence that I am very good.  I can do anything.  I am good.  I can do anything.  I am good.  I can do anything.  I am capable of doing everything.  I have the most capable of doing everything.  I have the most capable of doing everything.  I have the most powerful man.  This that.  By doing this, do powerful man.  This that.  By doing this, do powerful man.  This that.  By doing this, do n't get yourself pumped up every morning.   Keep n't get yourself pumped up every morning.   Keep n't get yourself pumped up every morning.   Keep motivating yourself that you are good, you will do it. motivating yourself that you are good, you will do it. motivating yourself that you are good, you will do it. So I said okay, I will do it. So I said okay, I will do it. So I said okay, I will do it. So I started doing it.  I am the So I started doing it.  I am the So I started doing it.  I am the most handsome man in the world.  This is the first time I am most handsome man in the world.  This is the first time I am most handsome man in the world.  This is the first time I am laughing.  Look [laughter] laughing.  Look [laughter] laughing.  Look [laughter] you won't believe it.  I will get it done then. you won't believe it.  I will get it done then. I can do anything.  I am the best I can do anything.  I am the best I can do anything.  I am the best comedian in the world.  [laughs] So I had the same feeling that you are having right now. So I had the same feeling that you are having right now. So I had the same feeling that you are having right now. I went and asked him.  I said, look, I am a I went and asked him.  I said, look, I am a I went and asked him.  I said, look, I am a little religious too.  I will not little religious too.  I will not little religious too.  I will not lie so much, otherwise I will be lie so much, otherwise I will be lie so much, otherwise I will be burdened with more sins early in the morning.  [laughter] burdened with more sins early in the morning.  [laughter] burdened with more sins early in the morning.  [laughter] I said, Madam, if there's anything else, please tell me.  Now I said, Madam, if there's anything else, please tell me.  Now I said, Madam, if there's anything else, please tell me.  Now I am not able to understand.  She is saying that you should do this and I will go for I am not able to understand.  She is saying that you should do this and I will go for I am not able to understand.  She is saying that you should do this and I will go for sound healing.  Maybe sound healing.  Maybe sound healing.  Maybe that will make a difference.  Has anyone done sound healing that will make a difference.  Has anyone done sound healing that will make a difference.  Has anyone done sound healing ?  I will tell you about sound healing. ?  I will tell you about sound healing. ?  I will tell you about sound healing. What happens is that there is a lady who makes you What happens is that there is a lady who makes you What happens is that there is a lady who makes you lie down.  [laughs] It's lie down.  [laughs] It's lie down.  [laughs] It's all the ladies doing the yoga mat.   Of all the ladies doing the yoga mat.   Of all the ladies doing the yoga mat.   Of depression.  She gives it and does the right thing. depression.  She gives it and does the right thing. [praise] She made me lie down on the yoga mat and played some really me lie down on the yoga mat and played some really me lie down on the yoga mat and played some really nice music, flute gong, a nice music, flute gong, a nice music, flute gong, a Buddhist type instrumental music Buddhist type instrumental music Buddhist type instrumental music and said take a deep breath in and let go to sleep, after applying perfume I fell and said take a deep breath in and let go to sleep, after applying perfume I fell asleep in 10 minutes [laughs] asleep in 10 minutes [laughs] asleep in 10 minutes [laughs] after an hour she put her hand on my shoulder and said the after an hour she put her hand on my shoulder and said the after an hour she put her hand on my shoulder and said the session was over [laughter] session was over [laughter] session was over [laughter] you fell asleep then get up and she you fell asleep then get up and she you fell asleep then get up and she said bring ₹2000 said bring ₹2000 said bring ₹2000 ok I don't carry a purse. ok I don't carry a purse. ok I don't carry a purse. I took out my phone and Paytm got switched off. I took out my phone and Paytm got switched off. I took out my phone and Paytm got switched off. Battery was not important.  So I said sorry Battery was not important.  So I said sorry Battery was not important.  So I said sorry ma'am, I will not be able to give my Paytm right now.   The ma'am, I will not be able to give my Paytm right now.   The ma'am, I will not be able to give my Paytm right now.   The phone is off.  I will pay next time.  So she got phone is off.  I will pay next time.  So she got phone is off.  I will pay next time.  So she got very angry.  She is saying how do you very angry.  She is saying how do you very angry.  She is saying how do you mean if you don't have money then mean if you don't have money then mean if you don't have money then how do you come to get such expensive therapy? how do you come to get such expensive therapy? how do you come to get such expensive therapy? This is not done.  This is not the way this is so This is not done.  This is not the way this is so This is not done.  This is not the way this is so expensive therapy.  If you can't afford how can expensive therapy.  If you can't afford how can expensive therapy.  If you can't afford how can you come to our sessions like this? you come to our sessions like this? you come to our sessions like this? I said, Madam, look, you are not able to let go of ₹000. I said, Madam, look, you are not able to let go of ₹000. You told me to let go of my 20-20 year old You told me to let go of my 20-20 year old You told me to let go of my 20-20 year old problems.  Leave it.  I said problems.  Leave it.  I said problems.  Leave it.  I said I went back to the therapist after that. I went back to the therapist after that. I went back to the therapist after that. I said look, I am not getting any session.  She I said look, I am not getting any session.  She I said look, I am not getting any session.  She said, okay Vaibhav, tell me what is said, okay Vaibhav, tell me what is said, okay Vaibhav, tell me what is your vision?  I said -4 for the left, [laughs] your vision?  I said -4 for the left, [laughs] your vision?  I said -4 for the left, [laughs] -4.5 for the right. She's -4.5 for the right. She's -4.5 for the right. She's saying, man, I can't even talk to you intellectually. saying, man, I can't even talk to you intellectually. saying, man, I can't even talk to you intellectually. You leave it.  How is your relationship with your father You leave it.  How is your relationship with your father You leave it.  How is your relationship with your father ?  Ma'am, it is the same as Father's.  Both of them do ?  Ma'am, it is the same as Father's.  Both of them do ?  Ma'am, it is the same as Father's.  Both of them do not talk to each other.   I am not talk to each other.   I am not talk to each other.   I am saying I got it.  You have an incomplete relationship saying I got it.  You have an incomplete relationship saying I got it.  You have an incomplete relationship with your father.  You have a problem with your with your father.  You have a problem with your with your father.  You have a problem with your relationship with your dad.  Tell your father I relationship with your dad.  Tell your father I relationship with your dad.  Tell your father I love you.  [laughter] I said if you have any friends or something, call them. I said if you have any friends or something, call them. I said if you have any friends or something, call them. Look at this Fathervader, I said this is a Look at this Fathervader, I said this is a Look at this Fathervader, I said this is a very difficult task.  I won't be able to do it.   They are very difficult task.  I won't be able to do it.   They are very difficult task.  I won't be able to do it.   They are saying that if I just do this then everything will be fine. saying that if I just do this then everything will be fine. saying that if I just do this then everything will be fine. I went to Father early in the morning, he was I went to Father early in the morning, he was I went to Father early in the morning, he was reading the newspaper.  I can't even speak. reading the newspaper.  I can't even speak. reading the newspaper.  I can't even speak. I said I love you, I love you.  What I said I love you, I love you.  What I said I love you, I love you.  What happened?  Did you come after hitting the car?  [laughter] Do you happened?  Did you come after hitting the car?  [laughter] Do you happened?  Did you come after hitting the car?  [laughter] Do you need money?  Did you come drunk? need money?  Did you come drunk? need money?  Did you come drunk? What?  The police caught him, what happened?  What is he What?  The police caught him, what happened?  What is he What?  The police caught him, what happened?  What is he saying?  Well, he too was surprised that till date no saying?  Well, he too was surprised that till date no saying?  Well, he too was surprised that till date no one has said I love one has said I love one has said I love you.  Mom did not say anything, what else would anyone you.  Mom did not say anything, what else would anyone you.  Mom did not say anything, what else would anyone say?  I said, nothing Papa, you have done say?  I said, nothing Papa, you have done say?  I said, nothing Papa, you have done so much for us since childhood. so much for us since childhood. so much for us since childhood. I never thanked you.   Do I never thanked you.   Do I never thanked you.   Do n't show gratitude.  He has done a lot for us. n't show gratitude.  He has done a lot for us. n't show gratitude.  He has done a lot for us. I really love you.  And Papa Shauk I really love you.  And Papa Shauk I really love you.  And Papa Shauk said, no problem son, go.  He doesn't know how to say I love you too.  No said, no problem son, go.  He doesn't know how to say I love you too.  No said, no problem son, go.  He doesn't know how to say I love you too.  No problem, go. problem, go. problem, go. So now I'm sitting in the room.  He came and said, Vaibhav, So now I'm sitting in the room.  He came and said, Vaibhav, So now I'm sitting in the room.  He came and said, Vaibhav, you were saying that we do not support you in comedy, you were saying that we do not support you in comedy, you were saying that we do not support you in comedy, you want support from us. you want support from us. you want support from us. I said yes Papa is saying that from now on we will I said yes Papa is saying that from now on we will I said yes Papa is saying that from now on we will support you.  I said thank you support you.  I said thank you support you.  I said thank you dad.  I said then that job that you were dad.  I said then that job that you were dad.  I said then that job that you were talking about, let it be for now.  I am talking about, let it be for now.  I am talking about, let it be for now.  I am not saying son, the salary that comes on the first of every month is enough to not saying son, the salary that comes on the first of every month is enough to not saying son, the salary that comes on the first of every month is enough to run the household. run the household. run the household. Look, keep searching for it together.  I said Look, keep searching for it together.  I said Look, keep searching for it together.  I said okay then.  I look for a job.  But at least I will okay then.  I look for a job.  But at least I will leave aside what he is saying about marriage.  I am not saying, son, leave aside what he is saying about marriage.  I am not saying, son, leave aside what he is saying about marriage.  I am not saying, son, your age will pass soon.  After this your age will pass soon.  After this your age will pass soon.  After this you will not find anyone.  This is the age for you will not find anyone.  This is the age for you will not find anyone.  This is the age for marriage, son.  Look, marriage has to be done. marriage, son.  Look, marriage has to be done. marriage, son.  Look, marriage has to be done. I said that even at this age I am I said that even at this age I am I said that even at this age I am not able to find anyone.  [laughs] Then I said, not able to find anyone.  [laughs] Then I said, not able to find anyone.  [laughs] Then I said, whatever you are saying, I should leave the IAS preparation and do what whatever you are saying, I should leave the IAS preparation and do what whatever you are saying, I should leave the IAS preparation and do what I am doing.  I am saying no son, you I am doing.  I am saying no son, you I am doing.  I am saying no son, you can give it only till 32, no matter how many can give it only till 32, no matter how many can give it only till 32, no matter how many years are left, it has to be done.  I, years are left, it has to be done.  I, years are left, it has to be done.  I, sisterfucker, why should I come to you now [laughs] sisterfucker, why should I come to you now [laughs] sisterfucker, why should I come to you now [laughs] that was good, sisterfucker.  There was no conversation going on between that was good, sisterfucker.  There was no conversation going on between that was good, sisterfucker.  There was no conversation going on between us.  This therapist us.  This therapist us.  This therapist I went back to after that.  I said I have been to the I went back to after that.  I said I have been to the I went back to after that.  I said I have been to the club a lot.  I said, you are club a lot.  I said, you are club a lot.  I said, you are fooling me.  None of these solutions are fooling me.  None of these solutions are fooling me.  None of these solutions are working for you.  This one with the father was a working for you.  This one with the father was a working for you.  This one with the father was a complete disaster.  If you have any question then complete disaster.  If you have any question then complete disaster.  If you have any question then tell me otherwise I am leaving. tell me otherwise I am leaving. tell me otherwise I am leaving. Vaibhav says, honestly, after having sessions with you, Vaibhav says, honestly, after having sessions with you, Vaibhav says, honestly, after having sessions with you, I am I am I am also getting a little depressed.  [laughs] We send our critical patients to a psychiatrist.  You should go to a We send our critical patients to a psychiatrist.  You should go to a We send our critical patients to a psychiatrist.  You should go to a psychiatrist.  I went to a psychiatrist.  I went to a psychiatrist.  I went to a psychiatrist.  He asked psychiatrist.  He asked psychiatrist.  He asked what happened?  I said look sir, I wanted to do what happened?  I said look sir, I wanted to do what happened?  I said look sir, I wanted to do computer science.  I did computer science.  I did computer science.  I did not get a good rank.  I got mechanical. not get a good rank.  I got mechanical. not get a good rank.  I got mechanical. I remained troubled among boys for four years. I remained troubled among boys for four years. I remained troubled among boys for four years. Then I got a job and that too as a labourer.   Nothing is happening in Then I got a job and that too as a labourer.   Nothing is happening in Then I got a job and that too as a labourer.   Nothing is happening in that either.  I said I'm doing that either.  I said I'm doing that either.  I said I'm doing stand-up.  I am not able to do anything in that also. stand-up.  I am not able to do anything in that also. stand-up.  I am not able to do anything in that also. So I thought he would tell me this is So I thought he would tell me this is So I thought he would tell me this is chronic depression, mid-life crisis.   I am chronic depression, mid-life crisis.   I am chronic depression, mid-life crisis.   I am not telling you how much money you earn per month not telling you how much money you earn per month not telling you how much money you earn per month ?  I said I will earn it.  I used to earn Rs 30-400.  He is ?  I said I will earn it.  I used to earn Rs 30-400.  He is ?  I said I will earn it.  I used to earn Rs 30-400.  He is saying, friend, do it then what is the saying, friend, do it then what is the saying, friend, do it then what is the problem.  [laughs] I'm not like problem.  [laughs] I'm not like problem.  [laughs] I'm not like us sitting here happily us sitting here happily us sitting here happily among crazy people. among crazy people. among crazy people. We had to be surgeons ourselves. We had to be surgeons ourselves. We had to be surgeons ourselves. We didn't rank well. We didn't rank well. We didn't rank well. [laughs] To tell you the truth, I'm depressed about this [laughs] To tell you the truth, I'm depressed about this [laughs] To tell you the truth, I'm depressed about this too.  Nothing is left. too.  Nothing is left. too.  Nothing is left. Look at the mad people morning and evening.  In the evening I become Look at the mad people morning and evening.  In the evening I become Look at the mad people morning and evening.  In the evening I become crazy.  The surgeon earns ₹1.5 crazy.  The surgeon earns ₹1.5 crazy.  The surgeon earns ₹1.5 crore.  We are not able to make 5 lakhs.  There is only crore.  We are not able to make 5 lakhs.  There is only crore.  We are not able to make 5 lakhs.  There is only one cure for this, try self-love one cure for this, try self-love one cure for this, try self-love Vaibhav.  I said self love, what do you think, is Vaibhav.  I said self love, what do you think, is Vaibhav.  I said self love, what do you think, is someone else loving me? someone else loving me? someone else loving me? [laughter] Sir, I [laughter] Sir, I [applause] [encouraging voice] I said, Sir, I am a mechanical guy.  I am I said, Sir, I am a mechanical guy.  I am I said, Sir, I am a mechanical guy.  I am alive only because of self-love. alive only because of self-love. alive only because of self-love. If I don't love myself either.  I would have left long ago. If I don't love myself either.  I would have left long ago. If I don't love myself either.  I would have left long ago. I said Sir, I am I said Sir, I am I said Sir, I am telling you my deep secret.  I feel like telling you my deep secret.  I feel like telling you my deep secret.  I feel like kissing you, so at night I kissing you, so at night I kissing you, so at night I put my hand on your neck and make sounds. put my hand on your neck and make sounds. put my hand on your neck and make sounds. [laughs] He says, what are you talking about, I do this too. says, what are you talking about, I do this too. [Praise] He is saying try spending time with nature and saying try spending time with nature and saying try spending time with nature and see around.  I said I had done it. see around.  I said I had done it. see around.  I said I had done it. Went to Sunset Point.  Sunset was happening. Went to Sunset Point.  Sunset was happening. Went to Sunset Point.  Sunset was happening. I was also going to go down with him.  So the I was also going to go down with him.  So the I was also going to go down with him.  So the people around caught him.  He hit me further and said, you people around caught him.  He hit me further and said, you people around caught him.  He hit me further and said, you bastard, you will die after coming here.  It is bastard, you will die after coming here.  It is bastard, you will die after coming here.  It is spoiling our mood.  [laughter] I said, do you even know how many dirty I said, do you even know how many dirty I said, do you even know how many dirty thoughts I have?  I said, Sir, if the thought comes to your mind thoughts I have?  I said, Sir, if the thought comes to your mind thoughts I have?  I said, Sir, if the thought comes to your mind that you want to drink water, what do you do that you want to drink water, what do you do that you want to drink water, what do you do ?  You go to the fridge, open it, ?  You go to the fridge, open it, ?  You go to the fridge, open it, take out the bottle, pour it in a glass and drink water. take out the bottle, pour it in a glass and drink water. take out the bottle, pour it in a glass and drink water. I know what thoughts come to my mind.  Like I know what thoughts come to my mind.  Like I know what thoughts come to my mind.  Like I'm feeling thirsty.  Vaibhav is feeling thirsty. I'm feeling thirsty.  Vaibhav is feeling thirsty. I'm feeling thirsty.  Vaibhav is feeling thirsty. What will you do after drinking water?  [laughter] What will you do after drinking water?  [laughter] What will you do after drinking water?  [laughter] Then the wee one will come. Then he will get up to urinate and will feel thirsty again.  He has been Then he will get up to urinate and will feel thirsty again.  He has been Then he will get up to urinate and will feel thirsty again.  He has been doing all this since childhood.  Have you found any happiness doing all this since childhood.  Have you found any happiness doing all this since childhood.  Have you found any happiness in this?  Try leaving the water aside.  Let's see in this?  Try leaving the water aside.  Let's see in this?  Try leaving the water aside.  Let's see what happens.  Look, leave it and see.  I what happens.  Look, leave it and see.  I what happens.  Look, leave it and see.  I said such thoughts are coming to me.  He is saying that said such thoughts are coming to me.  He is saying that said such thoughts are coming to me.  He is saying that then the matter is bad.  Then there then the matter is bad.  Then there then the matter is bad.  Then there is only one cure for this.  Spirituality, become is only one cure for this.  Spirituality, become is only one cure for this.  Spirituality, become spiritual, there is no other way. spiritual, there is no other way. spiritual, there is no other way. So I said okay.  So So I said okay.  So So I said okay.  So what did I do first?  Dhurandhar [screaming sound] Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar what did I do first?  Dhurandhar [screaming sound] Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar Dhurandhar [music] Dhurandhar