Today, even after wandering from door to door with a box in the entire village, I could Today, even after wandering from door to door with a box in the entire village, I could Today, even after wandering from door to door with a box in the entire village, I could not find ghee.  So ever since our not find ghee.  So ever since our not find ghee.  So ever since our buffalo said, "Sir, I am pregnant," buffalo said, "Sir, I am pregnant," buffalo said, "Sir, I am pregnant," ghee and milk have all stopped and I am a ghee and milk have all stopped and I am a ghee and milk have all stopped and I am a ghee-crazy person who even likes Maggi cooked in ghee. ghee-crazy person who even likes Maggi cooked in ghee. ghee-crazy person who even likes Maggi cooked in ghee. What do you mean by desi ladka gum ki What do you mean by desi ladka gum ki What do you mean by desi ladka gum ki hum and today I am craving to eat halwa. hum and today I am craving to eat halwa. hum and today I am craving to eat halwa. Absolutely by adding ghee.  That's why my mother and I went out with a Absolutely by adding ghee.  That's why my mother and I went out with a Absolutely by adding ghee.  That's why my mother and I went out with a box in the village box in the village box in the village in search of ghee and with great difficulty I in search of ghee and with great difficulty I in search of ghee and with great difficulty I found 1 kg of ghee.  Now if I want to make halwa, then found 1 kg of ghee.  Now if I want to make halwa, then found 1 kg of ghee.  Now if I want to make halwa, then first I will have to make jaggery syrup. first I will have to make jaggery syrup. first I will have to make jaggery syrup. But what is this, the surprise came before the good. But what is this, the surprise came before the good. But what is this, the surprise came before the good. Oh my god, what have these Alpagunes people Oh my god, what have these Alpagunes people Oh my god, what have these Alpagunes people sent for me, the crazy ghee man?  Such a lovely sent for me, the crazy ghee man?  Such a lovely sent for me, the crazy ghee man?  Such a lovely note and ghee in such a cute jar.  Hey, I have note and ghee in such a cute jar.  Hey, I have note and ghee in such a cute jar.  Hey, I have also sent a copper band for skin care. also sent a copper band for skin care. also sent a copper band for skin care. Along with this, the packaging of this ghee moisturizer is also Along with this, the packaging of this ghee moisturizer is also Along with this, the packaging of this ghee moisturizer is also exactly like a bronze plate.  New look, exactly like a bronze plate.  New look, exactly like a bronze plate.  New look, new logo.  Wow man, it is very tough to make this at home.  It's new logo.  Wow man, it is very tough to make this at home.  It's new logo.  Wow man, it is very tough to make this at home.  It's good that I found this. good that I found this. good that I found this. It also helps in repairing the skin barrier.  It It also helps in repairing the skin barrier.  It also provides soft and nourished skin and keeps it moisturized for two whole days. also provides soft and nourished skin and keeps it moisturized for two whole days. also provides soft and nourished skin and keeps it moisturized for two whole days. It is non- It is non- It is non- greasy and very light weight which gets greasy and very light weight which gets greasy and very light weight which gets absorbed easily into the skin. absorbed easily into the skin. absorbed easily into the skin. Inspired by traditional skin care rituals, this cleanser gives a Inspired by traditional skin care rituals, this cleanser gives a Inspired by traditional skin care rituals, this cleanser gives a cooling sensation.  So cooling sensation.  So cooling sensation.  So I've tacked this Alpgnes Ghee Moisturizer I've tacked this Alpgnes Ghee Moisturizer I've tacked this Alpgnes Ghee Moisturizer from perp.com on to you.  So while we were talking, from perp.com on to you.  So while we were talking, from perp.com on to you.  So while we were talking, my hot my hot my hot halwa made in ghee is also ready.  Which I have halwa made in ghee is also ready.  Which I have halwa made in ghee is also ready.  Which I have decorated with dry fruits.  So now let decorated with dry fruits.  So now let decorated with dry fruits.  So now let me just wrap this up and pack all this stuff away. me just wrap this up and pack all this stuff away. me just wrap this up and pack all this stuff away. Radhe-Radhe.