After seeing ads everywhere on Facebook and Instagram,
you too are thinking of ordering goods from the DOD app.
Stop. Watch this video completely.
I too, in over excitement,
installed this app and ordered a lot of
stuff and after 20 days and complaining four times,
finally today I got
my product. Let's review
what I got. First of all, I
ordered a steel tom which was
very good in quality. I liked it very much.
Then there's a kitchen towel which could have been a
little better because I did
n't like the good one I used. After that a paper crusher which
I had ordered cost around ₹123.
I found it to be very good in quality. It was
good. Then there is this oil dispenser
which I bought due to its special attraction after
seeing the reviews. But I didn't like it at all. The
quality is
not good at all. It has a good appearance. I just do
n't know how to hold it, how to
use it. After that there is a juicer which I
bought for something like ₹56. That was good. I liked it.
After that there is a rain cover and normally a bit.
A square stick is good. Then
it's the gloves that are perfect.
After that, I don't like this oil stainer.
It is bigger than my hand. I do
n't know how I will use it. And the
ice roller that follows is also very
good. Next is this soap oil container,
it is
not as good as it looks and is not working
even after pressing. I didn't like it much.
After that there is this sink rack which can
keep oil, soap, oil etc. Its
quality also did not seem good at all. It
looked too good to show in the picture.
This is of very low quality. Just like it is
for storing soap.
And after this, this lemon squeezer is
normally available on the roadside at the same price. I have
this meat hammer in my hand. The
hammer is basically very heavy. It
is quite light. I don't know what I will
use. And this is a toothbrush rack
which is used by placing it like this.
Let's see how it goes after applying it like this.
After that this broom stick is made of plastic. Aye, a
little bit is fine. What can be had at that price
but it is of better
quality. After this,
I ordered this spices container
which is also available in Meesho at almost the same price.
So this is the quality of ₹10, 15, ₹20.
But the quality is not good at all.
It has also developed a crack.
Not good at all. After this I ordered some stones.
It looked very good.
But I have got it in very small pieces.
After that this mobile tripod
is completely useless. Even if it is given for free, no one will
take it. Then I got this pot holder
that I got holes in. I didn't like it at all.
Empty means disappointment only.
After that it's a vegetable stainer. It
felt great. This seemed right to me. But along with this
I had ordered a cutter for gardening
which is missing. Which is shown in the bill.
This has been dispatched by those people
which I did not receive. This means loss only.
Its Do Daeb has cheap stuff.
This is absolutely meat because the tax added to it by showing the price as low
comes to almost the same price. So a big no from my side
for buy from ah Diode again.
