Jai Mata Di friends let's start the blog Jai Mata Di friends let's start the blog Jai Mata Di friends let's start the blog from the day time, I had gone to the from the day time, I had gone to the from the day time, I had gone to the parlor, Didi, I mean I had not parlor, Didi, I mean I had not parlor, Didi, I mean I had not gone alone, Didi, we had gone to the parlor together gone alone, Didi, we had gone to the parlor together gone alone, Didi, we had gone to the parlor together because today we had thought that we will take out time for ourselves, we had because today we had thought that we will take out time for ourselves, we had because today we had thought that we will take out time for ourselves, we had not done our eyebrows for a long time, so we started doing them not done our eyebrows for a long time, so we started doing them not done our eyebrows for a long time, so we started doing them too, Didi had started doing them too, Didi had started doing them too, Didi had started doing them first and here on the side the elder first and here on the side the elder first and here on the side the elder sister had also started doing them, sister had also started doing them, sister had also started doing them, both of them had started doing their eyebrows on two chairs, here the both of them had started doing their eyebrows on two chairs, here the both of them had started doing their eyebrows on two chairs, here the girls were lying, one was holding it from above and the girls were lying, one was holding it from above and the girls were lying, one was holding it from above and the other was holding it from below and they had started other was holding it from below and they had started other was holding it from below and they had started setting the eyebrows.  I met my sister-in-law here, so setting the eyebrows.  I met my sister-in-law here, so setting the eyebrows.  I met my sister-in-law here, so I started talking to her for a while.  We were I started talking to her for a while.  We were I started talking to her for a while.  We were chatting until chatting until chatting until my turn came.  Then finally it was my turn. my turn came.  Then finally it was my turn. my turn came.  Then finally it was my turn. Then I also made eyebrows.  She was saying Then I also made eyebrows.  She was saying Then I also made eyebrows.  She was saying that you have ruined your eyebrows a lot. that you have ruined your eyebrows a lot. that you have ruined your eyebrows a lot. I said yes, then I met Tanuja. I said yes, then I met Tanuja. I said yes, then I met Tanuja. So Tanuja wore green bangles. So Tanuja wore green bangles. So Tanuja wore green bangles. I said, show me and I will make a video of you.   He I said, show me and I will make a video of you.   He I said, show me and I will make a video of you.   He looked very beautiful.  We were roaming around like this for a while. looked very beautiful.  We were roaming around like this for a while. looked very beautiful.  We were roaming around like this for a while. Then as soon as we reached Didi's shop, Then as soon as we reached Didi's shop, Then as soon as we reached Didi's shop, Didi had selected bangles for herself Didi had selected bangles for herself Didi had selected bangles for herself and Didi was busy showing one bangle after another here.  The and Didi was busy showing one bangle after another here.  The and Didi was busy showing one bangle after another here.  The elder sister had started elder sister had started elder sister had started wearing bangles.  Then I said, wearing bangles.  Then I said, wearing bangles.  Then I said, come on sister, let me make a video of you too. come on sister, let me make a video of you too. come on sister, let me make a video of you too. Sister's bangles were also looking very nice. Sister's bangles were also looking very nice. Sister's bangles were also looking very nice. Didi also wore it here. Didi also wore it here. Didi also wore it here. Everyone was looking beautiful because Everyone was looking beautiful because Everyone was looking beautiful because you know how wonderful it feels in the month of Sawan. you know how wonderful it feels in the month of Sawan. you know how wonderful it feels in the month of Sawan. Then as soon as she reached home, she Then as soon as she reached home, she Then as soon as she reached home, she brought chowmein and corn for the children. brought chowmein and corn for the children. brought chowmein and corn for the children. And in my stomach, these worms were And in my stomach, these worms were And in my stomach, these worms were jumping around due to hunger.  Then I jumping around due to hunger.  Then I jumping around due to hunger.  Then I quickly took out the rice.  I ate rice the moment I quickly took out the rice.  I ate rice the moment I quickly took out the rice.  I ate rice the moment I cooked it.  And here are my bangles.  I did cooked it.  And here are my bangles.  I did cooked it.  And here are my bangles.  I did not wear it there so I brought it home. not wear it there so I brought it home. not wear it there so I brought it home. I said I will wear my nice I said I will wear my nice I said I will wear my nice [music] bangles at home.  I had brought some [music] bangles at home.  I had brought some [music] bangles at home.  I had brought some lovely green bangles. lovely green bangles. lovely green bangles. I set it up first, then I set it up first, then I set it up first, then I slowly I slowly I slowly put on some body lotion [MUSIC].  She started putting on put on some body lotion [MUSIC].  She started putting on put on some body lotion [MUSIC].  She started putting on bangles.  Feels quite good.  The bangles.  Feels quite good.  The bangles.  Feels quite good.  The greenery in the month of Sawan looks very nice greenery in the month of Sawan looks very nice greenery in the month of Sawan looks very nice because tomorrow is Harela also [music]. because tomorrow is Harela also [music]. because tomorrow is Harela also [music]. So today we wore bangles and So today we wore bangles and So today we wore bangles and in this I bought these bracelets.  Then in this I bought these bracelets.  Then in this I bought these bracelets.  Then see how my lovely bangles see how my lovely bangles see how my lovely bangles look, do tell me in the comments.  Bangles look, do tell me in the comments.  Bangles look, do tell me in the comments.  Bangles mean that when the month of Sawan comes, it is mean that when the month of Sawan comes, it is mean that when the month of Sawan comes, it is for Mahadev.  Everywhere Shiva.  Mahadev for Mahadev.  Everywhere Shiva.  Mahadev for Mahadev.  Everywhere Shiva.  Mahadev likes the color green very much [music].