Jai Mata Di friends let's start the blog
from the day time, I had gone to the
parlor, Didi, I mean I had not
gone alone, Didi, we had gone to the parlor together
because today we had thought that we will take out time for ourselves, we had
not done our eyebrows for a long time, so we started doing them
too, Didi had started doing them
first and here on the side the elder
sister had also started doing them,
both of them had started doing their eyebrows on two chairs, here the
girls were lying, one was holding it from above and the
other was holding it from below and they had started
setting the eyebrows. I met my sister-in-law here, so
I started talking to her for a while. We were
chatting until
my turn came. Then finally it was my turn.
Then I also made eyebrows. She was saying
that you have ruined your eyebrows a lot.
I said yes, then I met Tanuja.
So Tanuja wore green bangles.
I said, show me and I will make a video of you. He
looked very beautiful. We were roaming around like this for a while.
Then as soon as we reached Didi's shop,
Didi had selected bangles for herself
and Didi was busy showing one bangle after another here. The
elder sister had started
wearing bangles. Then I said,
come on sister, let me make a video of you too.
Sister's bangles were also looking very nice.
Didi also wore it here.
Everyone was looking beautiful because
you know how wonderful it feels in the month of Sawan.
Then as soon as she reached home, she
brought chowmein and corn for the children.
And in my stomach, these worms were
jumping around due to hunger. Then I
quickly took out the rice. I ate rice the moment I
cooked it. And here are my bangles. I did
not wear it there so I brought it home.
I said I will wear my nice
[music] bangles at home. I had brought some
lovely green bangles.
I set it up first, then
I slowly
put on some body lotion [MUSIC]. She started putting on
bangles. Feels quite good. The
greenery in the month of Sawan looks very nice
because tomorrow is Harela also [music].
So today we wore bangles and
in this I bought these bracelets. Then
see how my lovely bangles
look, do tell me in the comments. Bangles
mean that when the month of Sawan comes, it is
for Mahadev. Everywhere Shiva. Mahadev
likes the color green very much [music].
