Ladies and gentlemen, give it up [music] Ladies and gentlemen, give it up [music] Ladies and gentlemen, give it up [music] for Marcus D. Wally. [cheering] What's up? What's up? What's up? All right. All right. All right. >> What's up? How everybody doing? >> What's up? How everybody doing? >> What's up? How everybody doing? >> I want to jump right into it. Ever since >> I want to jump right into it. Ever since >> I want to jump right into it. Ever since I dropped my special marriage is major I dropped my special marriage is major I dropped my special marriage is major surgery, surgery, surgery, >> people think I am a marriage counselor. >> people think I am a marriage counselor. >> people think I am a marriage counselor. I'm not. Just because I am verified on I'm not. Just because I am verified on I'm not. Just because I am verified on social media don't mean I'm qualified to social media don't mean I'm qualified to social media don't mean I'm qualified to counsel. [laughter] counsel. [laughter] counsel. [laughter] Me and my wife argue all the time. Uh I Me and my wife argue all the time. Uh I Me and my wife argue all the time. Uh I find it quite healthy. Uh the the Bible find it quite healthy. Uh the the Bible find it quite healthy. Uh the the Bible say iron sharpens iron. It's going to be say iron sharpens iron. It's going to be say iron sharpens iron. It's going to be some friction sometime. I am not a some friction sometime. I am not a some friction sometime. I am not a marriage counselor. Me and my wife, we marriage counselor. Me and my wife, we marriage counselor. Me and my wife, we go to bed angry sometimes. The Bible go to bed angry sometimes. The Bible go to bed angry sometimes. The Bible frowns upon that. Somewhere in there it frowns upon that. Somewhere in there it frowns upon that. Somewhere in there it says, "Do not let the sun go down on says, "Do not let the sun go down on says, "Do not let the sun go down on your wrath." your wrath." your wrath." We tried it. We tried it. We tried it. I'm still mad. And no, I don't want to I'm still mad. And no, I don't want to I'm still mad. And no, I don't want to pray. Okay. But when that happens, I get pray. Okay. But when that happens, I get pray. Okay. But when that happens, I get on my side of the bed, she get on her on my side of the bed, she get on her on my side of the bed, she get on her side of the bed, but our feet still side of the bed, but our feet still side of the bed, but our feet still touch. touch. touch. We still in love. Ain't nobody going We still in love. Ain't nobody going We still in love. Ain't nobody going nowhere. But yeah, I am not a marriage nowhere. But yeah, I am not a marriage nowhere. But yeah, I am not a marriage counselor, but what I am is a counselor, but what I am is a counselor, but what I am is a relationship relationship relationship expert. That's what I am, a relationship expert. That's what I am, a relationship expert. That's what I am, a relationship expert. I got this title one day. I was expert. I got this title one day. I was expert. I got this title one day. I was in the bed watching this show on TV in the bed watching this show on TV in the bed watching this show on TV called Fatal Attraction. called Fatal Attraction. called Fatal Attraction. What Fatal Attraction is, for those you What Fatal Attraction is, for those you What Fatal Attraction is, for those you have never seen it, uh it's about a love have never seen it, uh it's about a love have never seen it, uh it's about a love that's gone bad. Um typically somebody that's gone bad. Um typically somebody that's gone bad. Um typically somebody gets possessive, somebody get jealous, gets possessive, somebody get jealous, gets possessive, somebody get jealous, and then somebody die. And so I'm and then somebody die. And so I'm and then somebody die. And so I'm watching it and and and those episodes watching it and and and those episodes watching it and and and those episodes are normally narrated by the detectives are normally narrated by the detectives are normally narrated by the detectives from the police department, by from the police department, by from the police department, by psychiatrists, psychologists, psychiatrists, psychologists, psychiatrists, psychologists, counselors, but this particular episode, counselors, but this particular episode, counselors, but this particular episode, it was narrated by a relationship it was narrated by a relationship it was narrated by a relationship expert. I looked up and I noticed the expert. I looked up and I noticed the expert. I looked up and I noticed the relationship expert was a guy that go to relationship expert was a guy that go to relationship expert was a guy that go to my church. So when I saw that, I said, my church. So when I saw that, I said, my church. So when I saw that, I said, "Oh my god, I can't wait to get to "Oh my god, I can't wait to get to "Oh my god, I can't wait to get to church. I'm not going for a word from church. I'm not going for a word from church. I'm not going for a word from the Lord." Uh, I'm not going for praise the Lord." Uh, I'm not going for praise the Lord." Uh, I'm not going for praise and worship. I'm going to see him this and worship. I'm going to see him this and worship. I'm going to see him this Sunday. And so I got to church and when Sunday. And so I got to church and when Sunday. And so I got to church and when I got to church, I went up to him. I I got to church, I went up to him. I I got to church, I went up to him. I said, "Say cuz I saw you on Fatal said, "Say cuz I saw you on Fatal said, "Say cuz I saw you on Fatal Attraction." And he was like, "Oh yeah, Attraction." And he was like, "Oh yeah, Attraction." And he was like, "Oh yeah, you seen that?" "Oh yeah, that's how he you seen that?" "Oh yeah, that's how he you seen that?" "Oh yeah, that's how he talk." "Oh yeah, yeah, you seen that." I talk." "Oh yeah, yeah, you seen that." I talk." "Oh yeah, yeah, you seen that." I said, "Yeah, I saw you on there." I want said, "Yeah, I saw you on there." I want said, "Yeah, I saw you on there." I want to know how does one become a to know how does one become a to know how does one become a relationship expert? He said, "Well, you relationship expert? He said, "Well, you relationship expert? He said, "Well, you know, uh, I went to school. I got my BA know, uh, I went to school. I got my BA know, uh, I went to school. I got my BA in this, my MA in that, my PhD in this. in this, my MA in that, my PhD in this. in this, my MA in that, my PhD in this. I said, "Yeah, yeah, I went to school, I said, "Yeah, yeah, I went to school, I said, "Yeah, yeah, I went to school, too." Uh, but too." Uh, but too." Uh, but but I'm trying to say, "How how does one but I'm trying to say, "How how does one but I'm trying to say, "How how does one become a relationship expert?" He said, become a relationship expert?" He said, become a relationship expert?" He said, "Well, you know, we do case studies. We "Well, you know, we do case studies. We "Well, you know, we do case studies. We do research, statistics, all that type do research, statistics, all that type do research, statistics, all that type of stuff." I said, "Yeah, I do the same of stuff." I said, "Yeah, I do the same of stuff." I said, "Yeah, I do the same thing in my barber shop, case by case thing in my barber shop, case by case thing in my barber shop, case by case with the guys, talking about their with the guys, talking about their with the guys, talking about their relationships." Yeah. Yeah. But how does relationships." Yeah. Yeah. But how does relationships." Yeah. Yeah. But how does one become a relationship expert? He one become a relationship expert? He one become a relationship expert? He said, "I just told you." I said, "Well, said, "I just told you." I said, "Well, said, "I just told you." I said, "Well, I'm one. [laughter] I'm one. [laughter] I'm one. [laughter] I am now a relationship expert." Yeah. I am now a relationship expert." Yeah. I am now a relationship expert." Yeah. The reason why I'm saying because this The reason why I'm saying because this The reason why I'm saying because this dude here, he ain't even married. And dude here, he ain't even married. And dude here, he ain't even married. And I'm trying to see how you're expert in I'm trying to see how you're expert in I'm trying to see how you're expert in something that you not even in. something that you not even in. something that you not even in. I'm an expert. See, I know how to be in I'm an expert. See, I know how to be in I'm an expert. See, I know how to be in a house with a woman I love and we ain't a house with a woman I love and we ain't a house with a woman I love and we ain't talk in 5 days. [laughter] talk in 5 days. [laughter] talk in 5 days. [laughter] That's expert talking right there. That's expert talking right there. That's expert talking right there. See, I know how we ain't talked in 5 See, I know how we ain't talked in 5 See, I know how we ain't talked in 5 days, but we got to go to somebody's get days, but we got to go to somebody's get days, but we got to go to somebody's get together, some gathering, and we ain't together, some gathering, and we ain't together, some gathering, and we ain't talk, but now we got to act like we've talk, but now we got to act like we've talk, but now we got to act like we've been talking. We in there front. She in been talking. We in there front. She in been talking. We in there front. She in there. Here go, baby. Here go your there. Here go, baby. Here go your there. Here go, baby. Here go your plate. Oh, baby. Here go your seat. Go. plate. Oh, baby. Here go your seat. Go. plate. Oh, baby. Here go your seat. Go. Sit down. Then we get back in the car, Sit down. Then we get back in the car, Sit down. Then we get back in the car, drive back home. No talking. That is a drive back home. No talking. That is a drive back home. No talking. That is a relationship expert. relationship expert. relationship expert. Yeah. So, I am self-ordained, Yeah. So, I am self-ordained, Yeah. So, I am self-ordained, self-anointed, self-appointed, self-anointed, self-appointed, self-anointed, self-appointed, relationship, but I like to call it real relationship, but I like to call it real relationship, but I like to call it real relationship expert, not relationship relationship expert, not relationship relationship expert, not relationship because relationship experts, they try because relationship experts, they try because relationship experts, they try to fix relationships. to fix relationships. to fix relationships. That's not what I do. Because I know That's not what I do. Because I know That's not what I do. Because I know some of you like it broke. some of you like it broke. some of you like it broke. And I'm not mad at you. You know, do And I'm not mad at you. You know, do And I'm not mad at you. You know, do what you do. Okay. Yeah. But so I go by what you do. Okay. Yeah. But so I go by what you do. Okay. Yeah. But so I go by a real relationship a real relationship a real relationship expert. What I do, I tell my friends the expert. What I do, I tell my friends the expert. What I do, I tell my friends the real. I give them real perspective, real real. I give them real perspective, real real. I give them real perspective, real insight, okay? Real light on the subject insight, okay? Real light on the subject insight, okay? Real light on the subject matter, real opinions. Okay? Like for matter, real opinions. Okay? Like for matter, real opinions. Okay? Like for instance, one of my boys in the barber instance, one of my boys in the barber instance, one of my boys in the barber shop, cuz that's my second church. Uh shop, cuz that's my second church. Uh shop, cuz that's my second church. Uh one of the guys in the barber shop, he one of the guys in the barber shop, he one of the guys in the barber shop, he come to me and say, "Hey, Mark, man, come to me and say, "Hey, Mark, man, come to me and say, "Hey, Mark, man, marriage ain't what I imagined it to marriage ain't what I imagined it to marriage ain't what I imagined it to be." I said, "What?" He said, "Yeah, it be." I said, "What?" He said, "Yeah, it be." I said, "What?" He said, "Yeah, it ain't what I imagined, bro. I imagine ain't what I imagined, bro. I imagine ain't what I imagined, bro. I imagine she would be doing this. I imagine she would be doing this. I imagine she would be doing this. I imagine she'll be doing that. I was like, "And she'll be doing that. I was like, "And she'll be doing that. I was like, "And she ain't doing it." He said, "No, she she ain't doing it." He said, "No, she she ain't doing it." He said, "No, she ain't doing it. I don't like it." I ain't doing it. I don't like it." I ain't doing it. I don't like it." I said, "Well, you shouldn't have a said, "Well, you shouldn't have a said, "Well, you shouldn't have a problem with marriage. You should have a problem with marriage. You should have a problem with marriage. You should have a problem with your imagination." problem with your imagination." problem with your imagination." You see how real that is right there? You see how real that is right there? You see how real that is right there? Yeah. Marriage didn't let you down. Your Yeah. Marriage didn't let you down. Your Yeah. Marriage didn't let you down. Your imagination let you down. Yeah. And I imagination let you down. Yeah. And I imagination let you down. Yeah. And I And I know that Bible that Bible tell And I know that Bible that Bible tell And I know that Bible that Bible tell you to cast down every imagination. And you to cast down every imagination. And you to cast down every imagination. And for those you that don't read the Bible, for those you that don't read the Bible, for those you that don't read the Bible, the temptations told you it was just my the temptations told you it was just my the temptations told you it was just my imagination imagination imagination running away. running away. running away. I give them real just just just real I give them real just just just real I give them real just just just real insight, real perspective. Like one of insight, real perspective. Like one of insight, real perspective. Like one of the things I like to tell people, you the things I like to tell people, you the things I like to tell people, you can cut down on the arguments in your can cut down on the arguments in your can cut down on the arguments in your marriage if you recognize and realize marriage if you recognize and realize marriage if you recognize and realize that men and women have different that men and women have different that men and women have different listening skills. listening skills. listening skills. >> Watch this. different listening skills. >> Watch this. different listening skills. >> Watch this. different listening skills. Each of us have a skill, but it's Each of us have a skill, but it's Each of us have a skill, but it's different. Ladies, men are bottom line different. Ladies, men are bottom line different. Ladies, men are bottom line listeners. We're only listening listeners. We're only listening listeners. We're only listening for the bottom line. for the bottom line. for the bottom line. I know when you get home, you want to I know when you get home, you want to I know when you get home, you want to tell your man about your whole ARE YOU LISTENING? I AM, but I'm only ARE YOU LISTENING? I AM, but I'm only ARE YOU LISTENING? I AM, but I'm only listening for the bottom line, listening for the bottom line, listening for the bottom line, fellas. Women are detailoriented fellas. Women are detailoriented fellas. Women are detailoriented listeners. They only listening for listeners. They only listening for listeners. They only listening for details. Okay? That's why when you come details. Okay? That's why when you come details. Okay? That's why when you come home a little later than usual and your home a little later than usual and your home a little later than usual and your woman is at home, she done took a woman is at home, she done took a woman is at home, she done took a shower. She got on cocoa butter, shea shower. She got on cocoa butter, shea shower. She got on cocoa butter, shea butter, all the butters. She's smelling butter, all the butters. She's smelling butter, all the butters. She's smelling good. She done prepared you something to good. She done prepared you something to good. She done prepared you something to eat, you know. And you walk in the door, eat, you know. And you walk in the door, eat, you know. And you walk in the door, she asks you a little question. She's she asks you a little question. She's she asks you a little question. She's not trying to be your boss. She's not not trying to be your boss. She's not not trying to be your boss. She's not trying to interrogate you. She's not trying to interrogate you. She's not trying to interrogate you. She's not trying to run you, investigate. She trying to run you, investigate. She trying to run you, investigate. She trying to do none of that. It's just a trying to do none of that. It's just a trying to do none of that. It's just a little question she asked because you little question she asked because you little question she asked because you came in a little later than usual. Her came in a little later than usual. Her came in a little later than usual. Her little question is just, "Hey bae, where little question is just, "Hey bae, where little question is just, "Hey bae, where you been, you been, you been, but because you was raised by an old but because you was raised by an old but because you was raised by an old fool, somebody that told you, man, DON'T LET somebody that told you, man, DON'T LET somebody that told you, man, DON'T LET NO WOMAN question you." You can't ANSWER NO WOMAN question you." You can't ANSWER NO WOMAN question you." You can't ANSWER A LITTLE BITTY QUESTION. So you say A LITTLE BITTY QUESTION. So you say A LITTLE BITTY QUESTION. So you say something like out something like out something like out and to a woman out equals sin. Out don't give no details. Out don't give no details. Out don't give no details. So now she going through your pants and So now she going through your pants and So now she going through your pants and your phone and your email cuz you just your phone and your email cuz you just your phone and your email cuz you just won't give no details. [laughter] won't give no details. [laughter] won't give no details. [laughter] Yeah. Men, bottom line, women detail. Yeah. Men, bottom line, women detail. Yeah. Men, bottom line, women detail. Let me give it better. When my wife is Let me give it better. When my wife is Let me give it better. When my wife is in the mall and she sees some shoes that in the mall and she sees some shoes that in the mall and she sees some shoes that exceeds her budget, some shoes she don't exceeds her budget, some shoes she don't exceeds her budget, some shoes she don't want to spend with her money, what want to spend with her money, what want to spend with her money, what she'll do is call me and say, "Hey bae, she'll do is call me and say, "Hey bae, she'll do is call me and say, "Hey bae, I see these shoes. Can you get them for I see these shoes. Can you get them for I see these shoes. Can you get them for me? I have one question. me? I have one question. me? I have one question. How much?" [laughter] Bottom line. Here How much?" [laughter] Bottom line. Here How much?" [laughter] Bottom line. Here she go. They red. [laughter] How much? They not open toe. They not How much? They not open toe. They not How much? They not open toe. They not closed toe. THEY PEEPED TOE. SAYING, closed toe. THEY PEEPED TOE. SAYING, closed toe. THEY PEEPED TOE. SAYING, "HOW MUCH?" When men and women go on dates, women When men and women go on dates, women When men and women go on dates, women when they tell their lady friends, they when they tell their lady friends, they when they tell their lady friends, they girlfriends about the date is full of girlfriends about the date is full of girlfriends about the date is full of details. It's one of the worst details. It's one of the worst details. It's one of the worst conversations. [laughter] conversations. [laughter] conversations. [laughter] One of the worst back and forths you One of the worst back and forths you One of the worst back and forths you will ever hear. When a woman go out with will ever hear. When a woman go out with will ever hear. When a woman go out with a man and she talking to her girls about a man and she talking to her girls about a man and she talking to her girls about the day, it be something like this. the day, it be something like this. the day, it be something like this. Girl, you ain't going to believe this. Girl, you ain't going to believe this. Girl, you ain't going to believe this. Listen to me. He asked me out. He sent a Listen to me. He asked me out. He sent a Listen to me. He asked me out. He sent a car to come pick me up. Yes, a car came car to come pick me up. Yes, a car came car to come pick me up. Yes, a car came to my house. Pick me up. When I got in to my house. Pick me up. When I got in to my house. Pick me up. When I got in the car, he had written a handwritten the car, he had written a handwritten the car, he had written a handwritten letter talking about when he first saw letter talking about when he first saw letter talking about when he first saw me, he knew he wanted to get with me, me, he knew he wanted to get with me, me, he knew he wanted to get with me, but he wanted to get his stuff together. but he wanted to get his stuff together. but he wanted to get his stuff together. So, he didn't approach me then. And then So, he didn't approach me then. And then So, he didn't approach me then. And then I get to the restaurant. It's a I get to the restaurant. It's a I get to the restaurant. It's a five-star restaurant. We have a five five-star restaurant. We have a five five-star restaurant. We have a five course meal. They just kept bringing course meal. They just kept bringing course meal. They just kept bringing food and bringing food. I ain't never food and bringing food. I ain't never food and bringing food. I ain't never ate so much before. At the table, ate so much before. At the table, ate so much before. At the table, balloons and flowers and all type of balloons and flowers and all type of balloons and flowers and all type of little candies and girl. And we talked little candies and girl. And we talked little candies and girl. And we talked and he looked me in my eyes when he and he looked me in my eyes when he and he looked me in my eyes when he talked to me and we had a wonderful talked to me and we had a wonderful talked to me and we had a wonderful conversation. And when we left the conversation. And when we left the conversation. And when we left the restaurant, he drove us to a lake. We restaurant, he drove us to a lake. We restaurant, he drove us to a lake. We went and walked around the lake and we went and walked around the lake and we went and walked around the lake and we talked all night. Girl, he was smelling talked all night. Girl, he was smelling talked all night. Girl, he was smelling so good. He had this cologne on. Oh, he so good. He had this cologne on. Oh, he so good. He had this cologne on. Oh, he had me at that cologne. And so we talked had me at that cologne. And so we talked had me at that cologne. And so we talked and then he took me home, walked me to and then he took me home, walked me to and then he took me home, walked me to the door. I'm not going to lie, I wanted the door. I'm not going to lie, I wanted the door. I'm not going to lie, I wanted him to come in. I did. But he said he him to come in. I did. But he said he him to come in. I did. But he said he want tonight to remain pure. And so he want tonight to remain pure. And so he want tonight to remain pure. And so he kissed me on the forehead. I told him to kissed me on the forehead. I told him to kissed me on the forehead. I told him to call me when he got home. And guess call me when he got home. And guess call me when he got home. And guess what, girl? HE CALLED [screaming] what, girl? HE CALLED [screaming] what, girl? HE CALLED [screaming] and we talked till the sun came up. And and we talked till the sun came up. And and we talked till the sun came up. And all her girls be there like, all her girls be there like, all her girls be there like, >> "I THINK HE THE [screaming] ONE." NOW, the man that was on that same date, NOW, the man that was on that same date, NOW, the man that was on that same date, when he tell his partners about that when he tell his partners about that when he tell his partners about that same date, this how it go for him. He go same date, this how it go for him. He go same date, this how it go for him. He go right in there. Hey, y'all know I went right in there. Hey, y'all know I went right in there. Hey, y'all know I went out with old girl last night. HIS out with old girl last night. HIS out with old girl last night. HIS PARTNERS GOT ONE QUESTION. PARTNERS GOT ONE QUESTION. PARTNERS GOT ONE QUESTION. >> Did you hear? You already know. >> Did you hear? You already know. >> Did you hear? You already know. [applause and cheering] D YOUR HEAD [applause and cheering] D YOUR HEAD [applause and cheering] D YOUR HEAD BOTTOM LINE [laughter] BOTTOM LINE [laughter] BOTTOM LINE [laughter] BECAUSE WE DON'T WANT TO KNOW ABOUT THE BECAUSE WE DON'T WANT TO KNOW ABOUT THE BECAUSE WE DON'T WANT TO KNOW ABOUT THE DETAILS UNTIL WE HIT THE BOTTOM LINE. But because women are detailoriented But because women are detailoriented But because women are detailoriented listeners, I believe women make better listeners, I believe women make better listeners, I believe women make better friends. friends. friends. That's not Bible. That's my opinion that That's not Bible. That's my opinion that That's not Bible. That's my opinion that women make better friends. Reason they women make better friends. Reason they women make better friends. Reason they make better friends is because of the make better friends is because of the make better friends is because of the details. Like let's say if a if a man details. Like let's say if a if a man details. Like let's say if a if a man was to walk into like a Chili's was to walk into like a Chili's was to walk into like a Chili's restaurant, he walks into Chili's and restaurant, he walks into Chili's and restaurant, he walks into Chili's and and he see his best friend, his homeboy and he see his best friend, his homeboy and he see his best friend, his homeboy lady in there with another man. When a lady in there with another man. When a lady in there with another man. When a man walk in and see that man, we hurt. man walk in and see that man, we hurt. man walk in and see that man, we hurt. You hear me? We walk in, we You hear me? We walk in, we You hear me? We walk in, we Reason [laughter] why we hurt is because we know how much why we hurt is because we know how much why we hurt is because we know how much our dude love this girl and it's going our dude love this girl and it's going our dude love this girl and it's going to crush him. So some men won't even to crush him. So some men won't even to crush him. So some men won't even tell their partner because we don't want tell their partner because we don't want tell their partner because we don't want to be the one to hurt him. Now the men to be the one to hurt him. Now the men to be the one to hurt him. Now the men that will tell their partner, they tell that will tell their partner, they tell that will tell their partner, they tell him but they don't give him no details. him but they don't give him no details. him but they don't give him no details. So when they call him, it be like this So when they call him, it be like this So when they call him, it be like this here. here. here. What up, boy? You still with Kim? Don't look like it. Don't look like it. Don't look like it. I don't know who he is. She in here with I don't know who he is. She in here with I don't know who he is. She in here with him. No. Handle your business. I'll holl him. No. Handle your business. I'll holl him. No. Handle your business. I'll holl at you. Nothing. at you. Nothing. at you. Nothing. Now when she come home, he got nothing Now when she come home, he got nothing Now when she come home, he got nothing to fight with. HE JUST ANGRY. WHERE YOU to fight with. HE JUST ANGRY. WHERE YOU to fight with. HE JUST ANGRY. WHERE YOU BEEN? OUT WITH WHO? THE GIRLS. WHERE YOU BEEN? OUT WITH WHO? THE GIRLS. WHERE YOU BEEN? OUT WITH WHO? THE GIRLS. WHERE YOU WAS AT? JELLIES. I HEARD YOU WAS WITH A WAS AT? JELLIES. I HEARD YOU WAS WITH A WAS AT? JELLIES. I HEARD YOU WAS WITH A DUDE. IT WAS A BUNCH OF DUDES IN THERE. DUDE. IT WAS A BUNCH OF DUDES IN THERE. DUDE. IT WAS A BUNCH OF DUDES IN THERE. Calm down. Breathe. Calm down. Breathe. Calm down. Breathe. He just mad. But reverse it. Let's say a He just mad. But reverse it. Let's say a He just mad. But reverse it. Let's say a woman walks in the chilies and she see woman walks in the chilies and she see woman walks in the chilies and she see her best friend, her girl man in there her best friend, her girl man in there her best friend, her girl man in there with another woman. First of all, when with another woman. First of all, when with another woman. First of all, when she walk in, she ain't sad. This how she she walk in, she ain't sad. This how she she walk in, she ain't sad. This how she walk in. I knew it. [laughter] walk in. I knew it. [laughter] walk in. I knew it. [laughter] I knew it. I KNEW IT. [screaming] I KNEW I knew it. I KNEW IT. [screaming] I KNEW I knew it. I KNEW IT. [screaming] I KNEW IT. TRIED TO TELL HER HE AIN'T UH-HUH. IT. TRIED TO TELL HER HE AIN'T UH-HUH. IT. TRIED TO TELL HER HE AIN'T UH-HUH. Trying to tell her she all in love. So Trying to tell her she all in love. So Trying to tell her she all in love. So stupid. Dumb in love. stupid. Dumb in love. stupid. Dumb in love. Why she not hurt? Why she not hurt? Why she not hurt? If she didn't graduate from high school, If she didn't graduate from high school, If she didn't graduate from high school, she going over there. Sir, who is this? No. Who? Ma'am, don't Sir, who is this? No. Who? Ma'am, don't Sir, who is this? No. Who? Ma'am, don't get slapped. Who is this? But let's say she graduated from high But let's say she graduated from high But let's say she graduated from high school school school when she called this how she called her when she called this how she called her when she called this how she called her girl. Hey girl, girl. Hey girl, girl. Hey girl, >> what Eric said he was at >> what Eric said he was at >> what Eric said he was at work. [clears throat] work. [clears throat] work. [clears throat] He work at chilies [laughter] now cuz he in here he got a [laughter] now cuz he in here he got a [laughter] now cuz he in here he got a oldtime with cheese girl with got a oldtime with cheese girl with got a oldtime with cheese girl with got a three for me. She a little lightkinned three for me. She a little lightkinned three for me. She a little lightkinned girl raggedy split ends mole on the girl raggedy split ends mole on the girl raggedy split ends mole on the right side of her face. drive a green right side of her face. drive a green right side of her face. drive a green Malibu. Luck has been shot up on the Malibu. Luck has been shot up on the Malibu. Luck has been shot up on the right hand side, work at the hospital on right hand side, work at the hospital on right hand side, work at the hospital on the third floor. SHE'S A PHABOTAMIST AND the third floor. SHE'S A PHABOTAMIST AND the third floor. SHE'S A PHABOTAMIST AND WENT TO HIGH SCHOOL WITH US. WENT TO HIGH SCHOOL WITH US. WENT TO HIGH SCHOOL WITH US. So now when Eric come home, she got the So now when Eric come home, she got the So now when Eric come home, she got the whole rap sheet. He walk in the door. whole rap sheet. He walk in the door. whole rap sheet. He walk in the door. Hey babe, she where you been? He work. Hey babe, she where you been? He work. Hey babe, she where you been? He work. You work at chilies. I mean, I went by that wise voice like I mean, I went by that wise voice like I mean, I went by that wise voice like this. I WENT BY THAT. this. I WENT BY THAT. this. I WENT BY THAT. SO, you mean you mean to tell me you SO, you mean you mean to tell me you SO, you mean you mean to tell me you wasn't that chili? You had an oldtime wasn't that chili? You had an oldtime wasn't that chili? You had an oldtime with cheese. The girl you was with had a with cheese. The girl you was with had a with cheese. The girl you was with had a three for me. Little light-skinned girl, three for me. Little light-skinned girl, three for me. Little light-skinned girl, ragged split ends, mold on the right ragged split ends, mold on the right ragged split ends, mold on the right side of her face. Drive a green Malibu side of her face. Drive a green Malibu side of her face. Drive a green Malibu like shot up on the right hand side. like shot up on the right hand side. like shot up on the right hand side. Work at the hospital on the third floor. Work at the hospital on the third floor. Work at the hospital on the third floor. She's a phabotamist AND WENT TO HIGH She's a phabotamist AND WENT TO HIGH She's a phabotamist AND WENT TO HIGH SCHOOL WITH ME. YOU WENT WITH SCHOOL WITH ME. YOU WENT WITH SCHOOL WITH ME. YOU WENT WITH [screaming] HER AND YOU KNOW DUDES. [screaming] HER AND YOU KNOW DUDES. [screaming] HER AND YOU KNOW DUDES. NOPE. Sure NOPE. Sure NOPE. Sure wasn't. wasn't. wasn't. But here it is. What I come to the thing But here it is. What I come to the thing But here it is. What I come to the thing I had a um I was invited by this I had a um I was invited by this I had a um I was invited by this Christian organization called Young Christian organization called Young Christian organization called Young Life. They invited me to come perform Life. They invited me to come perform Life. They invited me to come perform for all of their staff workers. All for all of their staff workers. All for all of their staff workers. All their staff workers in Colorado Springs, their staff workers in Colorado Springs, their staff workers in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Over 4,000 people there. uh Colorado. Over 4,000 people there. uh Colorado. Over 4,000 people there. uh they gave me a number to come perform they gave me a number to come perform they gave me a number to come perform that I thought was very healthy and so that I thought was very healthy and so that I thought was very healthy and so I told them I will be there. I get to I told them I will be there. I get to I told them I will be there. I get to Colorado Springs Colorado and I'm not Colorado Springs Colorado and I'm not Colorado Springs Colorado and I'm not going to lie, I was a little nervous going to lie, I was a little nervous going to lie, I was a little nervous because you know at this particular time because you know at this particular time because you know at this particular time uh Young Life was you know really white uh Young Life was you know really white uh Young Life was you know really white and and you know I speak with a lot of and and you know I speak with a lot of and and you know I speak with a lot of slang, a lot of jargon, a lot of slang, a lot of jargon, a lot of slang, a lot of jargon, a lot of colloquialism. So I didn't know how they colloquialism. So I didn't know how they colloquialism. So I didn't know how they would receive it. So, I was a little would receive it. So, I was a little would receive it. So, I was a little nervous and I remember being in the nervous and I remember being in the nervous and I remember being in the restroom and a black dude walked in. He restroom and a black dude walked in. He restroom and a black dude walked in. He was like, "Marcus D. Wy, was like, "Marcus D. Wy, was like, "Marcus D. Wy, you funny." But I want to see how you you funny." But I want to see how you you funny." But I want to see how you going to be in front of these white going to be in front of these white going to be in front of these white folk. [laughter] And I was like, "Hey, why you have to be And I was like, "Hey, why you have to be And I was like, "Hey, why you have to be right next to me at the store, you know? right next to me at the store, you know? right next to me at the store, you know? It's about 12 more stars. You ain't got It's about 12 more stars. You ain't got It's about 12 more stars. You ain't got to be next door neighbor. Slide down." to be next door neighbor. Slide down." to be next door neighbor. Slide down." But I needed to hear what he said But I needed to hear what he said But I needed to hear what he said because what he said it freed me because because what he said it freed me because because what he said it freed me because I got to thinking if I live in a quote I got to thinking if I live in a quote I got to thinking if I live in a quote unquote white world surely they can come unquote white world surely they can come unquote white world surely they can come in my world for 45 minutes. So I wasn't in my world for 45 minutes. So I wasn't in my world for 45 minutes. So I wasn't nervous anymore. Right. And so uh ever nervous anymore. Right. And so uh ever nervous anymore. Right. And so uh ever since then, you know, I've been talking since then, you know, I've been talking since then, you know, I've been talking about my life when I'm on stage. I just about my life when I'm on stage. I just about my life when I'm on stage. I just talk about my life, my family, my talk about my life, my family, my talk about my life, my family, my children, my wife. My wife don't like it children, my wife. My wife don't like it children, my wife. My wife don't like it all the time, but I have to tell her, all the time, but I have to tell her, all the time, but I have to tell her, "Hey, this how we eat." [laughter] Why you always talking about me? I say, Why you always talking about me? I say, Why you always talking about me? I say, "Man, I talk about my life now. You a "Man, I talk about my life now. You a "Man, I talk about my life now. You a big part of it. But if you want me to big part of it. But if you want me to big part of it. But if you want me to get some new material, let me get in get some new material, let me get in get some new material, let me get in these streets. [laughter] these streets. [laughter] these streets. [laughter] Oh, I can get some new material. You Oh, I can get some new material. You Oh, I can get some new material. You ain't going to like it, but I can get ain't going to like it, but I can get ain't going to like it, but I can get some new material." So, anyway, I get on some new material." So, anyway, I get on some new material." So, anyway, I get on stage. I do my thing stage. I do my thing stage. I do my thing at the Young Life thing and and at the Young Life thing and and at the Young Life thing and and I sell my merchandise and I get back to I sell my merchandise and I get back to I sell my merchandise and I get back to my um hotel. When I get back to my my um hotel. When I get back to my my um hotel. When I get back to my hotel, uh about 30 minutes later, I hear hotel, uh about 30 minutes later, I hear hotel, uh about 30 minutes later, I hear a knock on the door. a knock on the door. a knock on the door. I was like, whoa. You know, cuz I didn't I was like, whoa. You know, cuz I didn't I was like, whoa. You know, cuz I didn't order nothing. Um so I go look in the order nothing. Um so I go look in the order nothing. Um so I go look in the peep hole. I see three white dudes out peep hole. I see three white dudes out peep hole. I see three white dudes out there. I like, "Yeah, [laughter] there. I like, "Yeah, [laughter] there. I like, "Yeah, [laughter] yeah. This this where Kobe got caught up yeah. This this where Kobe got caught up yeah. This this where Kobe got caught up in Colorado." Uh, in Colorado." Uh, in Colorado." Uh, I look back in the peeve hole, the black I look back in the peeve hole, the black I look back in the peeve hole, the black dude from the restroom, he come stand dude from the restroom, he come stand dude from the restroom, he come stand next to the three white guys. I said, next to the three white guys. I said, next to the three white guys. I said, "Oh." So, I open the door. I said, "Oh." So, I open the door. I said, "Oh." So, I open the door. I said, "What's up?" The little leader, he said, "What's up?" The little leader, he said, "What's up?" The little leader, he said, "Hey, Marcus, man. We just come by to "Hey, Marcus, man. We just come by to "Hey, Marcus, man. We just come by to tell you, great show tonight. The people tell you, great show tonight. The people tell you, great show tonight. The people really loved you. Uh, but we were really loved you. Uh, but we were really loved you. Uh, but we were wondering if we could pray for you. wondering if we could pray for you. wondering if we could pray for you. >> [laughter] >> I said, "For what?" He said, "Well, you said some things He said, "Well, you said some things He said, "Well, you said some things tonight about your wife." tonight about your wife." tonight about your wife." [laughter] And we were just wondering if [laughter] And we were just wondering if [laughter] And we were just wondering if we could pray for you. I said, "Oh, we could pray for you. I said, "Oh, we could pray for you. I said, "Oh, yeah. No, no, no, no, man. Yeah, no. Me yeah. No, no, no, no, man. Yeah, no. Me yeah. No, no, no, no, man. Yeah, no. Me and my wife good. Matter of fact, I just and my wife good. Matter of fact, I just and my wife good. Matter of fact, I just got on the phone with her. You know, got on the phone with her. You know, got on the phone with her. You know, them just jokes." He said, "Yeah, but them just jokes." He said, "Yeah, but them just jokes." He said, "Yeah, but jokes, jokes, jokes, they stem from a real place." [laughter] I looked at the black dude. He was like, I looked at the black dude. He was like, I looked at the black dude. He was like, "I tried to tell him." "I tried to tell him." "I tried to tell him." And I don't know how to turn prayer And I don't know how to turn prayer And I don't know how to turn prayer down. I'm I'm working on it cuz you down. I'm I'm working on it cuz you down. I'm I'm working on it cuz you know, I don't want everybody praying for know, I don't want everybody praying for know, I don't want everybody praying for me. But but I don't at that time I me. But but I don't at that time I me. But but I don't at that time I didn't I ain't know how to turn it down. didn't I ain't know how to turn it down. didn't I ain't know how to turn it down. You no I ain't know how to just tell You no I ain't know how to just tell You no I ain't know how to just tell them you know get away. So, you know, them you know get away. So, you know, them you know get away. So, you know, finally I acquies to the prayer and so finally I acquies to the prayer and so finally I acquies to the prayer and so we holding hands. We're in the hallway we holding hands. We're in the hallway we holding hands. We're in the hallway at the hotel. They like, "Bow your head, at the hotel. They like, "Bow your head, at the hotel. They like, "Bow your head, close your eyes." I'm just like THIS close your eyes." I'm just like THIS close your eyes." I'm just like THIS cuz I don't know what type of mood this cuz I don't know what type of mood this cuz I don't know what type of mood this is. is. is. They get through praying. They get through praying. They get through praying. I go back in my room and I sat there and I go back in my room and I sat there and I go back in my room and I sat there and I got to thinking, man, I got to thinking, man, I got to thinking, man, I do these jokes all across the country I do these jokes all across the country I do these jokes all across the country talking about my wife talking about my wife talking about my wife at the black church. at the black church. at the black church. And now one time And now one time And now one time When I get off stage, When I get off stage, When I get off stage, have anybody asked, could they pray for have anybody asked, could they pray for have anybody asked, could they pray for me? [laughter] me? [laughter] me? [laughter] But that ain't no shade to the black But that ain't no shade to the black But that ain't no shade to the black church. It's because I know why they church. It's because I know why they church. It's because I know why they need prayer, too. need prayer, too. need prayer, too. That's when I realized we all are in That's when I realized we all are in That's when I realized we all are in rehab. rehab. rehab. If you are married, you are in rehab. If you are married, you are in rehab. If you are married, you are in rehab. The definition of rehab, which is short The definition of rehab, which is short The definition of rehab, which is short for rehabilitation, is the process the for rehabilitation, is the process the for rehabilitation, is the process the body goes through to regain, maintain, body goes through to regain, maintain, body goes through to regain, maintain, and improve after surgery. In my case, and improve after surgery. In my case, and improve after surgery. In my case, rehab means it's the process your rehab means it's the process your rehab means it's the process your marriage goes through to regain, marriage goes through to regain, marriage goes through to regain, maintain, and improve after the wedding. I told you on the last special, it's I told you on the last special, it's I told you on the last special, it's major surgery. major surgery. major surgery. See, most people get married think the See, most people get married think the See, most people get married think the when is the finish line. when is the finish line. when is the finish line. We've only just begun. We've only just begun. We've only just begun. First thing I look at is is regain. Do First thing I look at is is regain. Do First thing I look at is is regain. Do you know when you get married, you will you know when you get married, you will you know when you get married, you will take some L's? take some L's? take some L's? >> It's it's inevitable. You're going to >> It's it's inevitable. You're going to >> It's it's inevitable. You're going to take some L's in marriage. People lose take some L's in marriage. People lose take some L's in marriage. People lose respect for each other. People lose respect for each other. People lose respect for each other. People lose appreciation. appreciation. appreciation. >> Huh? People lose attraction. >> Huh? People lose attraction. >> Huh? People lose attraction. Okay? And the big one, people lose Okay? And the big one, people lose Okay? And the big one, people lose trust. But when you lose these things, trust. But when you lose these things, trust. But when you lose these things, this ain't the time for you to be like, this ain't the time for you to be like, this ain't the time for you to be like, "I'm gone." You got to regain it back. "I'm gone." You got to regain it back. "I'm gone." You got to regain it back. Why not regain it with somebody you know Why not regain it with somebody you know Why not regain it with somebody you know to try to go gain it with a complete to try to go gain it with a complete to try to go gain it with a complete stranger? stranger? stranger? >> Yeah. Regain. Here's a big one. The >> Yeah. Regain. Here's a big one. The >> Yeah. Regain. Here's a big one. The trust thing is big, y'all. One New trust thing is big, y'all. One New trust thing is big, y'all. One New Year's Eve, one New Year's Eve, I was in Year's Eve, one New Year's Eve, I was in Year's Eve, one New Year's Eve, I was in Birmingham, Alabama, getting ready to Birmingham, Alabama, getting ready to Birmingham, Alabama, getting ready to perform, you know, watch night service perform, you know, watch night service perform, you know, watch night service and uh one of my partners, he drive and uh one of my partners, he drive and uh one of my partners, he drive trucks. He he he a truck driver. And he trucks. He he he a truck driver. And he trucks. He he he a truck driver. And he calls me out the blue. He say, "Hey, calls me out the blue. He say, "Hey, calls me out the blue. He say, "Hey, Mark, [sighs] bro, I need your help." I Mark, [sighs] bro, I need your help." I Mark, [sighs] bro, I need your help." I was like, "Man, calm down. What's going was like, "Man, calm down. What's going was like, "Man, calm down. What's going on?" He say, "Man, on?" He say, "Man, on?" He say, "Man, my wife, man, she man, we man, she my wife, man, she man, we man, she my wife, man, she man, we man, she didn't I didn't got caught. I said, "Man, calm down, bro." I said, I said, "Man, calm down, bro." I said, I said, "Man, calm down, bro." I said, "Calm down, bro. You are you driving "Calm down, bro. You are you driving "Calm down, bro. You are you driving right now?" He said, "Yeah." I said, right now?" He said, "Yeah." I said, right now?" He said, "Yeah." I said, "What happened?" He said, "Man, we "What happened?" He said, "Man, we "What happened?" He said, "Man, we talking about remodeling the house. We talking about remodeling the house. We talking about remodeling the house. We was moving one of the bedrooms, making was moving one of the bedrooms, making was moving one of the bedrooms, making at the office, making the office a at the office, making the office a at the office, making the office a bedroom. So, my wife going to try to be bedroom. So, my wife going to try to be bedroom. So, my wife going to try to be proactive and do some stuff before I get proactive and do some stuff before I get proactive and do some stuff before I get home, and she took the computer, plugged home, and she took the computer, plugged home, and she took the computer, plugged it up, and all these text messages came it up, and all these text messages came it up, and all these text messages came from 5 years ago." from 5 years ago." from 5 years ago." I said, "Oh my god." I said, "What she I said, "Oh my god." I said, "What she I said, "Oh my god." I said, "What she say?" She just told me, "We'll talk say?" She just told me, "We'll talk say?" She just told me, "We'll talk about it when I get home." I said, "Oh, about it when I get home." I said, "Oh, about it when I get home." I said, "Oh, well, cool. You in good shape." He He well, cool. You in good shape." He He well, cool. You in good shape." He He said, "Why you say that?" I said, "Cuz said, "Why you say that?" I said, "Cuz said, "Why you say that?" I said, "Cuz you got what most men never have. Time." Yeah, cuz most women they catch you in Yeah, cuz most women they catch you in Yeah, cuz most women they catch you in the middle of the night. Just pull THAT the middle of the night. Just pull THAT the middle of the night. Just pull THAT COVER. WHO IS FELICIA? COVER. WHO IS FELICIA? COVER. WHO IS FELICIA? And you And you And you can't get it together. Yeah. You got can't get it together. Yeah. You got can't get it together. Yeah. You got time, cuz time, cuz time, cuz I said, "How far are you from home?" He I said, "How far are you from home?" He I said, "How far are you from home?" He said, "Okay, calm down, bro. calm down. said, "Okay, calm down, bro. calm down. said, "Okay, calm down, bro. calm down. I was like, "Now, who is this?" Cuz I I I was like, "Now, who is this?" Cuz I I I was like, "Now, who is this?" Cuz I I ain't know nothing about, you know, this ain't know nothing about, you know, this ain't know nothing about, you know, this little affair he was having. I ain't little affair he was having. I ain't little affair he was having. I ain't know nothing about who he So, he told me know nothing about who he So, he told me know nothing about who he So, he told me a little story. I said, "Well, okay, let a little story. I said, "Well, okay, let a little story. I said, "Well, okay, let me help you." Now, I know some of you me help you." Now, I know some of you me help you." Now, I know some of you cuz I feel in my spirit. You're saying, cuz I feel in my spirit. You're saying, cuz I feel in my spirit. You're saying, "Why did he call me?" That's that I can "Why did he call me?" That's that I can "Why did he call me?" That's that I can read your mind. I'mma vaunting you. read your mind. I'mma vaunting you. read your mind. I'mma vaunting you. You're saying, "Why did he call me?" I You're saying, "Why did he call me?" I You're saying, "Why did he call me?" I tell you why he called me. He called me tell you why he called me. He called me tell you why he called me. He called me because when you don't go to church and because when you don't go to church and because when you don't go to church and don't know the Lord, the first person don't know the Lord, the first person don't know the Lord, the first person you call is somebody that do. you call is somebody that do. you call is somebody that do. Yeah. Why you think them gangsters have Yeah. Why you think them gangsters have Yeah. Why you think them gangsters have their funeral at your church? They ain't their funeral at your church? They ain't their funeral at your church? They ain't never been there. never been there. never been there. Why they didn't have their funeral at Why they didn't have their funeral at Why they didn't have their funeral at the club Bone Shakers? No. They want the club Bone Shakers? No. They want the club Bone Shakers? No. They want somebody that KNOW THE LAW. SO ANYWAY, somebody that KNOW THE LAW. SO ANYWAY, somebody that KNOW THE LAW. SO ANYWAY, HE CALLS ME, RIGHT? I said, "Bro, okay, HE CALLS ME, RIGHT? I said, "Bro, okay, HE CALLS ME, RIGHT? I said, "Bro, okay, let me help you." I said, "Listen, let me help you." I said, "Listen, let me help you." I said, "Listen, what's on the text messages?" what's on the text messages?" what's on the text messages?" He said, "Man, I don't remember." I He said, "Man, I don't remember." I He said, "Man, I don't remember." I said, "No, no, no. This ain't the time. said, "No, no, no. This ain't the time. said, "No, no, no. This ain't the time. this ain't the time for you about I this ain't the time for you about I this ain't the time for you about I don't remember. No, no, no. You got two don't remember. No, no, no. You got two don't remember. No, no, no. You got two hours and I don't have that much time hours and I don't have that much time hours and I don't have that much time cuz I'm about to get on stage. I said, cuz I'm about to get on stage. I said, cuz I'm about to get on stage. I said, "What's on the text message?" He said, "What's on the text message?" He said, "What's on the text message?" He said, "Man, Mark, that was over 5 years ago, "Man, Mark, that was over 5 years ago, "Man, Mark, that was over 5 years ago, bro. I don't know." I said, "Okay, let bro. I don't know." I said, "Okay, let bro. I don't know." I said, "Okay, let me ask you some questions." I said, "Um, me ask you some questions." I said, "Um, me ask you some questions." I said, "Um, did you send any money? Is that on a did you send any money? Is that on a did you send any money? Is that on a text message?" [laughter] text message?" [laughter] text message?" [laughter] He said, "Oh, no, no, no. I I ain't He said, "Oh, no, no, no. I I ain't He said, "Oh, no, no, no. I I ain't sending no money." I said, "Okay." I sending no money." I said, "Okay." I sending no money." I said, "Okay." I said, "Okay." Was you on there talking said, "Okay." Was you on there talking said, "Okay." Was you on there talking down about your wife? Like saying bad down about your wife? Like saying bad down about your wife? Like saying bad things about your wife on a text things about your wife on a text things about your wife on a text message? He said, "No, no, no. I want message? He said, "No, no, no. I want message? He said, "No, no, no. I want doing that." I said, "What about doing that." I said, "What about doing that." I said, "What about pictures? Did you see any nakeds?" He was like, "No, no, I don't think none He was like, "No, no, I don't think none He was like, "No, no, I don't think none of that on there." I said, "Here's the of that on there." I said, "Here's the of that on there." I said, "Here's the big one. big one. big one. Did you tell her you love her? Did you tell her you love her? Did you tell her you love her? >> He said, "No." I said, "Oh, you good." >> He said, "No." I said, "Oh, you good." >> He said, "No." I said, "Oh, you good." He said, "What?" I said, "You good?" I He said, "What?" I said, "You good?" I He said, "What?" I said, "You good?" I said, "Listen, man. Won't you just go said, "Listen, man. Won't you just go said, "Listen, man. Won't you just go home and confess? You got to take a L. home and confess? You got to take a L. home and confess? You got to take a L. It's obvious you've been talking to It's obvious you've been talking to It's obvious you've been talking to somebody. Just go home and tell the somebody. Just go home and tell the somebody. Just go home and tell the truth. Whatever happened, whatever truth. Whatever happened, whatever truth. Whatever happened, whatever reason why you do it, just tell the reason why you do it, just tell the reason why you do it, just tell the truth, bro. You going to take a L. Just truth, bro. You going to take a L. Just truth, bro. You going to take a L. Just be honest, bro. Don't be tripping. Just be honest, bro. Don't be tripping. Just be honest, bro. Don't be tripping. Just go tell." He like, "Man, I don't know if go tell." He like, "Man, I don't know if go tell." He like, "Man, I don't know if I" I said, "Brother, I" I said, "Brother, I" I said, "Brother, go tell the truth. Trust me." I get a go tell the truth. Trust me." I get a go tell the truth. Trust me." I get a call, [laughter] call, [laughter] call, [laughter] January 1st. January 1st. January 1st. Marcus, you a genius. Marcus, you a genius. Marcus, you a genius. He said, "Bro, I did exactly what you He said, "Bro, I did exactly what you He said, "Bro, I did exactly what you told me to do. I did exactly what you told me to do. I did exactly what you told me to do. I did exactly what you said. I didn't deviate from the script said. I didn't deviate from the script said. I didn't deviate from the script or nothing. We talked about it. We or nothing. We talked about it. We or nothing. We talked about it. We cried. We made love, bro. Thank you. cried. We made love, bro. Thank you. cried. We made love, bro. Thank you. Next time we go out, margaritas on me. I Next time we go out, margaritas on me. I Next time we go out, margaritas on me. I mean, [laughter] mean, [laughter] mean, [laughter] I said, "Cool." Holla. Hung up the I said, "Cool." Holla. Hung up the I said, "Cool." Holla. Hung up the phone. phone. phone. I get a call January 2nd. I get a call January 2nd. I get a call January 2nd. She found some more text messages. She found some more text messages. She found some more text messages. I said, "What you mean she found some I said, "What you mean she found some I said, "What you mean she found some more text messages?" He talking about, more text messages?" He talking about, more text messages?" He talking about, "I don't know. She was on the computer." "I don't know. She was on the computer." "I don't know. She was on the computer." I said, "WHY YOU DIDN'T THROW THE I said, "WHY YOU DIDN'T THROW THE I said, "WHY YOU DIDN'T THROW THE COMPUTER AWAY? COMPUTER AWAY? COMPUTER AWAY? YOU OLD ENOUGH TO KNOW ABOUT WATERGATE. YOU OLD ENOUGH TO KNOW ABOUT WATERGATE. YOU OLD ENOUGH TO KNOW ABOUT WATERGATE. Delete everything. THROW IT OUT THE Delete everything. THROW IT OUT THE Delete everything. THROW IT OUT THE SECOND FLOOR, SECOND STORY BEDROOM. GET SECOND FLOOR, SECOND STORY BEDROOM. GET SECOND FLOOR, SECOND STORY BEDROOM. GET RID OF IT. He going to say, "You didn't RID OF IT. He going to say, "You didn't RID OF IT. He going to say, "You didn't tell me to do that." I said, "I DIDN'T tell me to do that." I said, "I DIDN'T tell me to do that." I said, "I DIDN'T TELL I DIDN'T TELL YOU TO CHEAT. TELL I DIDN'T TELL YOU TO CHEAT. TELL I DIDN'T TELL YOU TO CHEAT. YOU DID THAT ON YOUR OWN." [laughter] YOU DID THAT ON YOUR OWN." [laughter] YOU DID THAT ON YOUR OWN." [laughter] I said, "Man, what did she find?" He I said, "Man, what did she find?" He I said, "Man, what did she find?" He said, "Well, said, "Well, said, "Well, it was a couple of pictures." He says, "Also on that was a me and her He says, "Also on that was a me and her He says, "Also on that was a me and her was talking about getting our kids was talking about getting our kids was talking about getting our kids together on little play date." >> I said, "What else?" [laughter] >> I said, "What else?" [laughter] >> I said, "What else?" [laughter] He said, "And one time on there, I did He said, "And one time on there, I did He said, "And one time on there, I did say say say >> love you." >> love you." >> love you." >> I say, "So you just lie to everybody. >> I say, "So you just lie to everybody. >> I say, "So you just lie to everybody. I done turned to his wife. What you I done turned to his wife. What you I done turned to his wife. What you ain't going to be doing is lying to me. ain't going to be doing is lying to me. ain't going to be doing is lying to me. Yeah. Yeah. I don't like no liar. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I don't like no liar. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I don't like no liar. Right. So, I told him, I said, "Well, look, uh, So, I told him, I said, "Well, look, uh, So, I told him, I said, "Well, look, uh, I I'm out of it now. Um, you should have I I'm out of it now. Um, you should have I I'm out of it now. Um, you should have told me this up front cuz then we would told me this up front cuz then we would told me this up front cuz then we would had another play, but now good luck." had another play, but now good luck." had another play, but now good luck." And so, I And so, I And so, I GET A car GET A car GET A car January 3rd, [laughter] Mark. Mark. Mark. Man, I ain't never seen her like this. Man, I ain't never seen her like this. Man, I ain't never seen her like this. She being real mean. Mean to me. Mean to She being real mean. Mean to me. Mean to She being real mean. Mean to me. Mean to the kids. Like the kids was in on the the kids. Like the kids was in on the the kids. Like the kids was in on the play date. [laughter] play date. [laughter] play date. [laughter] Man, I don't know what to do. He say, Man, I don't know what to do. He say, Man, I don't know what to do. He say, "Can you come over here [laughter] and "Can you come over here [laughter] and "Can you come over here [laughter] and talk to her?" I said, "Hey, cuz she talk to her?" I said, "Hey, cuz she talk to her?" I said, "Hey, cuz she don't want to talk to nobody, you know, don't want to talk to nobody, you know, don't want to talk to nobody, you know, right now. [laughter] right now. [laughter] right now. [laughter] She mad at all of us." He said, "No, She mad at all of us." He said, "No, She mad at all of us." He said, "No, Mark, she really respect you, bro. Mark, she really respect you, bro. Mark, she really respect you, bro. Please do this for me, man. I need you. Please do this for me, man. I need you. Please do this for me, man. I need you. I said, "Well, man, ask her if I can I said, "Well, man, ask her if I can I said, "Well, man, ask her if I can come over there." He asked her. She come over there." He asked her. She come over there." He asked her. She said, "Okay." I come over there. said, "Okay." I come over there. said, "Okay." I come over there. I go in the living room. She in the I go in the living room. She in the I go in the living room. She in the living room. He bring his little goofy living room. He bring his little goofy living room. He bring his little goofy self in there. I said I said, "Hey, man. self in there. I said I said, "Hey, man. self in there. I said I said, "Hey, man. Get out of here, cuz you about to mess Get out of here, cuz you about to mess Get out of here, cuz you about to mess up everything I'm about to say. Every up everything I'm about to say. Every up everything I'm about to say. Every time she I say something, SHE GOING TO time she I say something, SHE GOING TO time she I say something, SHE GOING TO LOOK AT YOU and get mad." No. No. Get LOOK AT YOU and get mad." No. No. Get LOOK AT YOU and get mad." No. No. Get out. So, I just went in there. I went in out. So, I just went in there. I went in out. So, I just went in there. I went in there and I said, "Listen, however there and I said, "Listen, however there and I said, "Listen, however you're feeling right now, you're well you're feeling right now, you're well you're feeling right now, you're well within your right. whatever your within your right. whatever your within your right. whatever your decision you want to do, you well within decision you want to do, you well within decision you want to do, you well within your right. All right? You uh what he's your right. All right? You uh what he's your right. All right? You uh what he's done is permissible for you now to get a done is permissible for you now to get a done is permissible for you now to get a divorce. divorce. divorce. >> But just cuz something is permissible >> But just cuz something is permissible >> But just cuz something is permissible don't mean you should do it. And I just don't mean you should do it. And I just don't mean you should do it. And I just told her I said I'm not here advocating told her I said I'm not here advocating told her I said I'm not here advocating for him. I promise you I'm not cuz I for him. I promise you I'm not cuz I for him. I promise you I'm not cuz I ain't know nothing about it. You know, ain't know nothing about it. You know, ain't know nothing about it. You know, uh whether y'all together or not, he's uh whether y'all together or not, he's uh whether y'all together or not, he's still gonna be my partner. But um I'm still gonna be my partner. But um I'm still gonna be my partner. But um I'm not here trying to tell you he a good not here trying to tell you he a good not here trying to tell you he a good dude cuz he's not. dude cuz he's not. dude cuz he's not. I say cuz he's not. But what I don't I say cuz he's not. But what I don't I say cuz he's not. But what I don't want you to do is make want you to do is make want you to do is make an emotional decision. Times like these, an emotional decision. Times like these, an emotional decision. Times like these, people like it's the end of times when people like it's the end of times when people like it's the end of times when it's just one of them times. So just it's just one of them times. So just it's just one of them times. So just take some time, think about it. Woo woo take some time, think about it. Woo woo take some time, think about it. Woo woo woo. She said, "Marcus, thank you so woo. She said, "Marcus, thank you so woo. She said, "Marcus, thank you so much for coming over here cuz I haven't much for coming over here cuz I haven't much for coming over here cuz I haven't told my mama. I haven't told my friends. told my mama. I haven't told my friends. told my mama. I haven't told my friends. I haven't told my sisters cuz I don't I haven't told my sisters cuz I don't I haven't told my sisters cuz I don't want to embarrass him." want to embarrass him." want to embarrass him." When she said that, I said, "Oh, he got When she said that, I said, "Oh, he got When she said that, I said, "Oh, he got a good one." a good one." a good one." I called Goofy back in the room. I called Goofy back in the room. I called Goofy back in the room. We grabbed hands. I prayed for him. We grabbed hands. I prayed for him. We grabbed hands. I prayed for him. I left. I left. I left. I get a call. [laughter] January 5th. January 5th. January 5th. He talking about, "Mark, I can't take He talking about, "Mark, I can't take He talking about, "Mark, I can't take this no more. I'm getting ready to this no more. I'm getting ready to this no more. I'm getting ready to leave. I can't take it no more, man. leave. I can't take it no more, man. leave. I can't take it no more, man. good. And then she'll just switch up on good. And then she'll just switch up on good. And then she'll just switch up on me. I can't take this no more. I said, me. I can't take this no more. I said, me. I can't take this no more. I said, "Hey, bro. "Hey, bro. "Hey, bro. You are in the wrong." [laughter] You are in the wrong." [laughter] You are in the wrong." [laughter] He was going to tell me, "Man, that's He was going to tell me, "Man, that's He was going to tell me, "Man, that's old." I said, "No, it's it's new to her. old." I said, "No, it's it's new to her. old." I said, "No, it's it's new to her. It's old to you." He thought he said It's old to you." He thought he said It's old to you." He thought he said something mature. I just want to move something mature. I just want to move something mature. I just want to move on. I said, "The guilty always want to on. I said, "The guilty always want to on. I said, "The guilty always want to move on." move on." move on." I told him, "But if you want your family I told him, "But if you want your family I told him, "But if you want your family to remain together, then you need to do to remain together, then you need to do to remain together, then you need to do whatever it take whatever it take whatever it take as long as it take." Yeah. And if that as long as it take." Yeah. And if that as long as it take." Yeah. And if that mean you driving your truck and she mean you driving your truck and she mean you driving your truck and she facetime YOU, SHOW ME THAT TRUCK YOU IN THAT HOTEL. SHOW ME THAT ROOM. You got to DO WHAT YOU GOT TO DO. YOU GOT TO DO WHAT YOU GOT TO DO TO YOU GOT TO DO WHAT YOU GOT TO DO TO YOU GOT TO DO WHAT YOU GOT TO DO TO regain regain regain trust. trust. trust. People ask me, Mark, how am I People ask me, Mark, how am I People ask me, Mark, how am I maintaining? So, me and Erica, my wife, maintaining? So, me and Erica, my wife, maintaining? So, me and Erica, my wife, we've been married now 28 years. We've we've been married now 28 years. We've we've been married now 28 years. We've married 28 years. Yeah. [cheering] married 28 years. Yeah. [cheering] married 28 years. Yeah. [cheering] [applause] Yeah. Yeah. That's a long [applause] Yeah. Yeah. That's a long [applause] Yeah. Yeah. That's a long time uh to be with the, you know, the time uh to be with the, you know, the time uh to be with the, you know, the same one. And people always ask how we same one. And people always ask how we same one. And people always ask how we maintain. So, I share maintain. So, I share maintain. So, I share Me and my wife, we use what I call the Me and my wife, we use what I call the Me and my wife, we use what I call the three C's to maintain. We use church, three C's to maintain. We use church, three C's to maintain. We use church, we use the community, and we use the we use the community, and we use the we use the community, and we use the calendar. calendar. calendar. Church, community, the calendar. I got Church, community, the calendar. I got Church, community, the calendar. I got to go to church. Church is the place to go to church. Church is the place to go to church. Church is the place where I go. And when I hear about the where I go. And when I hear about the where I go. And when I hear about the love of God, how he love love of God, how he love love of God, how he love unconditionally, it put me in my place. unconditionally, it put me in my place. unconditionally, it put me in my place. It let me know I ain't going to say It let me know I ain't going to say It let me know I ain't going to say goofy stuff like I've outgrown her. goofy stuff like I've outgrown her. goofy stuff like I've outgrown her. Huh? I hope people say, "Ah, [snorts] I Huh? I hope people say, "Ah, [snorts] I Huh? I hope people say, "Ah, [snorts] I grown." As if that person can't grow. grown." As if that person can't grow. grown." As if that person can't grow. You grew, You grew, You grew, let them grow, you know, or help them let them grow, you know, or help them let them grow, you know, or help them grow. grow. grow. >> So, church, I I got to go to church, >> So, church, I I got to go to church, >> So, church, I I got to go to church, right? Church. And then church also have right? Church. And then church also have right? Church. And then church also have ministries in place that try to help ministries in place that try to help ministries in place that try to help you. We don't even go to the marriage you. We don't even go to the marriage you. We don't even go to the marriage ministry events. At my church, we go to ministry events. At my church, we go to ministry events. At my church, we go to the single ministry events because they the single ministry events because they the single ministry events because they the ones with the best events. Even when the ones with the best events. Even when the ones with the best events. Even when they even when they advertise their they even when they advertise their they even when they advertise their events, do you know they find the most events, do you know they find the most events, do you know they find the most attractive singles to come up on the attractive singles to come up on the attractive singles to come up on the platform to share with everybody what platform to share with everybody what platform to share with everybody what they doing? It'd be the most attractive they doing? It'd be the most attractive they doing? It'd be the most attractive female walking up there like a model. female walking up there like a model. female walking up there like a model. She just walk on the platform. She got She just walk on the platform. She got She just walk on the platform. She got dumps like a truck truck. dumps like a truck truck. dumps like a truck truck. Thighs like what what Thighs like what what Thighs like what what she up there lip gloss popping, hair she up there lip gloss popping, hair she up there lip gloss popping, hair done, nails done, everything done. done, nails done, everything done. done, nails done, everything done. And even the dude, the single dude, he And even the dude, the single dude, he And even the dude, the single dude, he attractive. He got muscles, a V-neck attractive. He got muscles, a V-neck attractive. He got muscles, a V-neck sweater with the with a V all the way to sweater with the with a V all the way to sweater with the with a V all the way to his navl. He got a half a gallon of his navl. He got a half a gallon of his navl. He got a half a gallon of Carmex on his lips. He up there with Carmex on his lips. He up there with Carmex on his lips. He up there with shades on smiling and pointing at shades on smiling and pointing at shades on smiling and pointing at everybody. [laughter] everybody. [laughter] everybody. [laughter] Who don't want to go to that event? Who don't want to go to that event? Who don't want to go to that event? Who don't want to go to that event? Who don't want to go to that event? Who don't want to go to that event? Oh man, but the married, they got the Oh man, but the married, they got the Oh man, but the married, they got the oldest couple [laughter] oldest couple [laughter] oldest couple [laughter] to come up here to tell everybody. Now, to come up here to tell everybody. Now, to come up here to tell everybody. Now, I ain't got a problem with the couple I ain't got a problem with the couple I ain't got a problem with the couple being old, but the old couple should not being old, but the old couple should not being old, but the old couple should not be coming up here sharing with everybody be coming up here sharing with everybody be coming up here sharing with everybody because they walk up there like this because they walk up there like this because they walk up there like this here. here. here. [laughter] Me and my wife be like, [laughter] Me and my wife be like, [laughter] Me and my wife be like, "Yeah, we ain't going to that one. "Yeah, we ain't going to that one. "Yeah, we ain't going to that one. We ain't going. We ain't going. We ain't going. Singles have good events. Singles have good events. Singles have good events. Skate parties, Skate parties, Skate parties, pool parties, pool parties, pool parties, sleepovers. sleepovers. sleepovers. The singles at my church went to Vegas. The singles at my church went to Vegas. The singles at my church went to Vegas. When they got back, we asked, "How was When they got back, we asked, "How was When they got back, we asked, "How was it?" They talking about what happens in it?" They talking about what happens in it?" They talking about what happens in Vegas. Vegas. Vegas. >> What happens sin? Marriage ministry. Most of them they have this thing called Most of them they have this thing called Most of them they have this thing called date your mate. date your mate. date your mate. The fact that they got to tell you The fact that they got to tell you The fact that they got to tell you to date your mate is an indication to date your mate is an indication to date your mate is an indication that this ain't going to be good. that this ain't going to be good. that this ain't going to be good. Date your mate. Me, I don't even think Date your mate. Me, I don't even think Date your mate. Me, I don't even think date your mate is a is the right thing date your mate is a is the right thing date your mate is a is the right thing they should say for a marriage ministry they should say for a marriage ministry they should say for a marriage ministry because me and my wife don't date. See, because me and my wife don't date. See, because me and my wife don't date. See, dating is when you gathering and dating is when you gathering and dating is when you gathering and developing data about the person. I know developing data about the person. I know developing data about the person. I know her. her. her. Okay? And tonight, I don't want to talk. Okay? And tonight, I don't want to talk. Okay? And tonight, I don't want to talk. I'm trying to see how we can make it I'm trying to see how we can make it I'm trying to see how we can make it through this date or this night out and through this date or this night out and through this date or this night out and get back to the crib and do something get back to the crib and do something get back to the crib and do something nasty. That's the only thing. That's the nasty. That's the only thing. That's the nasty. That's the only thing. That's the only thing we trying to do. Married only thing we trying to do. Married only thing we trying to do. Married people don't date. We go out. We want as people don't date. We go out. We want as people don't date. We go out. We want as little talking as possible because if little talking as possible because if little talking as possible because if you call it date night, then what ends you call it date night, then what ends you call it date night, then what ends up happening? Date night turns into up happening? Date night turns into up happening? Date night turns into update night. And now you're talking and update night. And now you're talking and update night. And now you're talking and you finding out stuff you should have you finding out stuff you should have you finding out stuff you should have been knew about. Well, you know he got been knew about. Well, you know he got been knew about. Well, you know he got suspended. WHAT YOU MEAN HE GOT suspended. WHAT YOU MEAN HE GOT suspended. WHAT YOU MEAN HE GOT SUSPENDED? WHY AIN'T NOBODY TOLD ME SUSPENDED? WHY AIN'T NOBODY TOLD ME SUSPENDED? WHY AIN'T NOBODY TOLD ME THAT? WELL, IF YOU BE HOME MORE, YOU THAT? WELL, IF YOU BE HOME MORE, YOU THAT? WELL, IF YOU BE HOME MORE, YOU WOULD HAVE KNOWN AND NOW YOU done messed WOULD HAVE KNOWN AND NOW YOU done messed WOULD HAVE KNOWN AND NOW YOU done messed up your little action tonight. when we go out, we we don't want to when we go out, we we don't want to when we go out, we we don't want to talk. Yeah, get on your phone. I'm cool. talk. Yeah, get on your phone. I'm cool. talk. Yeah, get on your phone. I'm cool. I'm telling her, "Hey, bring another I'm telling her, "Hey, bring another I'm telling her, "Hey, bring another margarita." "Yeah, keep it stay on your margarita." "Yeah, keep it stay on your margarita." "Yeah, keep it stay on your phone." phone." phone." So that's why I told my pastor, "If you So that's why I told my pastor, "If you So that's why I told my pastor, "If you trying to keep me and my lady together, trying to keep me and my lady together, trying to keep me and my lady together, we don't need another marriage prayer we don't need another marriage prayer we don't need another marriage prayer breakfast. We don't need another breakfast. We don't need another breakfast. We don't need another marriage seminar, another marriage marriage seminar, another marriage marriage seminar, another marriage conference, another marriage retreat. If conference, another marriage retreat. If conference, another marriage retreat. If you trying to keep me and my wife you trying to keep me and my wife you trying to keep me and my wife together, get us a room at that together, get us a room at that together, get us a room at that Marriott. [laughter] Marriott. [laughter] Marriott. [laughter] Put some soft music, rose petals and Put some soft music, rose petals and Put some soft music, rose petals and stuff in the bedroom. Give us some music stuff in the bedroom. Give us some music stuff in the bedroom. Give us some music so me and my wife can do a little dance, so me and my wife can do a little dance, so me and my wife can do a little dance, make a little love, make a little love, make a little love, get down tonight. I don't need no conference. [laughter] The marriage community is how we The marriage community is how we The marriage community is how we maintain maintain maintain the marriage community. You got to get the marriage community. You got to get the marriage community. You got to get them in a community with like minds. them in a community with like minds. them in a community with like minds. People who are at least trying to keep People who are at least trying to keep People who are at least trying to keep you together. you together. you together. That's at least their first option is to That's at least their first option is to That's at least their first option is to try to keep you together. They say stuff try to keep you together. They say stuff try to keep you together. They say stuff like, "Don't blame Mr. Charlie. like, "Don't blame Mr. Charlie. like, "Don't blame Mr. Charlie. Mr. Charlie is just a man and he Mr. Charlie is just a man and he Mr. Charlie is just a man and he doing the best he can. They trying to doing the best he can. They trying to doing the best he can. They trying to keep you keep you keep you together. And I know a lot of married together. And I know a lot of married together. And I know a lot of married people. You have single friends and they people. You have single friends and they people. You have single friends and they some great friends. They some smart some great friends. They some smart some great friends. They some smart friends. You take their advice about friends. You take their advice about friends. You take their advice about this and about that. But what you cannot this and about that. But what you cannot this and about that. But what you cannot take their advice about take their advice about take their advice about >> marriage >> marriage >> marriage >> is marriage. >> is marriage. >> is marriage. >> Because they are going to talk to you >> Because they are going to talk to you >> Because they are going to talk to you with a single mind. I'm not even mad at with a single mind. I'm not even mad at with a single mind. I'm not even mad at them. That's just their mindset. It's a them. That's just their mindset. It's a them. That's just their mindset. It's a single mindset. So everything you say, single mindset. So everything you say, single mindset. So everything you say, it don't compute to them. One of the it don't compute to them. One of the it don't compute to them. One of the main problems we having right now is um main problems we having right now is um main problems we having right now is um social media. And I'm not here to poo social media. And I'm not here to poo social media. And I'm not here to poo poo social media. I'm just here to share poo social media. I'm just here to share poo social media. I'm just here to share with you. Be careful because on social with you. Be careful because on social with you. Be careful because on social media, see, everybody can talk to you media, see, everybody can talk to you media, see, everybody can talk to you >> and they not even in your community. >> and they not even in your community. >> and they not even in your community. They not even on the same page on what They not even on the same page on what They not even on the same page on what you talking about. Y'all don't even have you talking about. Y'all don't even have you talking about. Y'all don't even have like minds, but they have an opinion. like minds, but they have an opinion. like minds, but they have an opinion. They have a comment. Man, my team posted They have a comment. Man, my team posted They have a comment. Man, my team posted something where I was well, I thought I something where I was well, I thought I something where I was well, I thought I was giving my wife props. I was on an was giving my wife props. I was on an was giving my wife props. I was on an interview on this podcast called Dear interview on this podcast called Dear interview on this podcast called Dear Future Wifey. On this particular podcast Future Wifey. On this particular podcast Future Wifey. On this particular podcast on Dear Future Wifey, the host, he has on Dear Future Wifey, the host, he has on Dear Future Wifey, the host, he has started this podcast because he's trying started this podcast because he's trying started this podcast because he's trying to get tips. He's trying to get um you to get tips. He's trying to get um you to get tips. He's trying to get um you know just some good points and and some know just some good points and and some know just some good points and and some things from people who are married or things from people who are married or things from people who are married or have been married because he want to have been married because he want to have been married because he want to make his next marriage a great marriage. make his next marriage a great marriage. make his next marriage a great marriage. So that's what he built his podcast on. So that's what he built his podcast on. So that's what he built his podcast on. Well, I'm on there talking about support Well, I'm on there talking about support Well, I'm on there talking about support my wife supporting. I'm in there sharing my wife supporting. I'm in there sharing my wife supporting. I'm in there sharing with him how man I need my wife. I need with him how man I need my wife. I need with him how man I need my wife. I need her. I need her. I can get another girl. her. I need her. I can get another girl. her. I need her. I can get another girl. You see me, You see me, You see me, but I can't get another her. but I can't get another her. but I can't get another her. >> I need her. I was telling him how, man, >> I need her. I was telling him how, man, >> I need her. I was telling him how, man, she run everything. she run everything. she run everything. >> I can barely function, right? I was >> I can barely function, right? I was >> I can barely function, right? I was like, "Bro, now don't get me wrong. I'm like, "Bro, now don't get me wrong. I'm like, "Bro, now don't get me wrong. I'm intelligent enough to find out stuff, intelligent enough to find out stuff, intelligent enough to find out stuff, but why? It's good. It's good to be in a but why? It's good. It's good to be in a but why? It's good. It's good to be in a relationship where you need the other relationship where you need the other relationship where you need the other person." And I'm just sharing that with person." And I'm just sharing that with person." And I'm just sharing that with him. I'm like, "When she go out of town, him. I'm like, "When she go out of town, him. I'm like, "When she go out of town, I got to FaceTime her." Hey, how do I I got to FaceTime her." Hey, how do I I got to FaceTime her." Hey, how do I get Hulu on this, man? How do I get this stuff? I have to man? How do I get this stuff? I have to man? How do I get this stuff? I have to put the put the thing on on the remote put the put the thing on on the remote put the put the thing on on the remote and SEE THE BUTTON OVER THERE. ALL THIS and SEE THE BUTTON OVER THERE. ALL THIS and SEE THE BUTTON OVER THERE. ALL THIS TYPE OF STUFF. WELL, UNDER THE comments TYPE OF STUFF. WELL, UNDER THE comments TYPE OF STUFF. WELL, UNDER THE comments was a bunch of single people, mainly was a bunch of single people, mainly was a bunch of single people, mainly ladies, and no shade because single ladies, and no shade because single ladies, and no shade because single people, they're talking and speaking people, they're talking and speaking people, they're talking and speaking from a single mind. from a single mind. from a single mind. >> I know that's your home girl, right? I >> I know that's your home girl, right? I >> I know that's your home girl, right? I know she helped you uh through school know she helped you uh through school know she helped you uh through school and helped you uh with your child and and helped you uh with your child and and helped you uh with your child and helped you with this and he helped you helped you with this and he helped you helped you with this and he helped you with that and you really value their with that and you really value their with that and you really value their opinion. But if they single they still opinion. But if they single they still opinion. But if they single they still have a single mind have a single mind have a single mind bottom line. So under the thing one of bottom line. So under the thing one of bottom line. So under the thing one of the ladies said the ladies said the ladies said he seemed like a burden. he seemed like a burden. he seemed like a burden. SHE CALLED ME A BURDEN. I PAY ALL THE BILLS. [laughter] I PAY ALL THE BILLS. [laughter] I PAY ALL THE BILLS. [laughter] I'M A BURDEN. RIGHT. THE OTHER lady I'M A BURDEN. RIGHT. THE OTHER lady I'M A BURDEN. RIGHT. THE OTHER lady other lady, she came on there and the other lady, she came on there and the other lady, she came on there and the lady going to say, "I want to be wanted, lady going to say, "I want to be wanted, lady going to say, "I want to be wanted, not needed." not needed." not needed." Cuz I said, "I need my wife." She said, Cuz I said, "I need my wife." She said, Cuz I said, "I need my wife." She said, "I want to be want. I don't want no man "I want to be want. I don't want no man "I want to be want. I don't want no man to need me. I want a man to want me." to need me. I want a man to want me." to need me. I want a man to want me." And I had to say [sighs] because before we got married, I wanted because before we got married, I wanted because before we got married, I wanted her. her. her. But then we got married But then we got married But then we got married and I need her. Wanted her. Wanted her. Wanted her. Need her. Need her. Need her. I want candy. I need vegetables. I need vegetables. I need vegetables. >> [applause] >> So when you want to be wanted, stay >> So when you want to be wanted, stay >> So when you want to be wanted, stay single. single. single. Everybody want a single. Everybody want a single. Everybody want a single. Other girl said on there, she going to Other girl said on there, she going to Other girl said on there, she going to this a bit much. I can do bad all by this a bit much. I can do bad all by this a bit much. I can do bad all by myself. myself. myself. This is one of the stupidest things I've This is one of the stupidest things I've This is one of the stupidest things I've ever heard in my life. We make stuff try ever heard in my life. We make stuff try ever heard in my life. We make stuff try to make it sound good. I could do BAD BY to make it sound good. I could do BAD BY to make it sound good. I could do BAD BY MYSELF. NOBODY in the world I know want MYSELF. NOBODY in the world I know want MYSELF. NOBODY in the world I know want to do bad by theirel. When I see a to do bad by theirel. When I see a to do bad by theirel. When I see a homeless person, he got or she got A homeless person, he got or she got A homeless person, he got or she got A HOMELESS COMPANION. HOMELESS COMPANION. HOMELESS COMPANION. NOBODY WANT TO DO BAD by themsel. YOU NOBODY WANT TO DO BAD by themsel. YOU NOBODY WANT TO DO BAD by themsel. YOU SEE SOMEBODY STRUNG OUT ON DRUGS, THEY SEE SOMEBODY STRUNG OUT ON DRUGS, THEY SEE SOMEBODY STRUNG OUT ON DRUGS, THEY GOT SOMEBODY STRUNG OUT ON DRUGS WITH GOT SOMEBODY STRUNG OUT ON DRUGS WITH GOT SOMEBODY STRUNG OUT ON DRUGS WITH THEM. NOBODY WANT TO DO BAD. It's a THEM. NOBODY WANT TO DO BAD. It's a THEM. NOBODY WANT TO DO BAD. It's a idiom that says misery. idiom that says misery. idiom that says misery. >> DON'T NOBODY WANT TO DO BAD. >> DON'T NOBODY WANT TO DO BAD. >> DON'T NOBODY WANT TO DO BAD. DO YOU KNOW the probability of doing DO YOU KNOW the probability of doing DO YOU KNOW the probability of doing good is higher when you're with good is higher when you're with good is higher when you're with somebody? somebody? somebody? >> Yeah. And then the last one. Oh, the >> Yeah. And then the last one. Oh, the >> Yeah. And then the last one. Oh, the last one. That's the one that took the last one. That's the one that took the last one. That's the one that took the cake. He said ghee thought what he said cake. He said ghee thought what he said cake. He said ghee thought what he said was a flex. was a flex. was a flex. But really it was not because I'm But really it was not because I'm But really it was not because I'm telling you right now, when does she get telling you right now, when does she get telling you right now, when does she get a break? a break? a break? That would get a break. And I be wanting That would get a break. And I be wanting That would get a break. And I be wanting to go on there and talk so bad, but to go on there and talk so bad, but to go on there and talk so bad, but got a single mind. It a it ain't going got a single mind. It a it ain't going got a single mind. It a it ain't going to hit right. And so I'm like, a break? to hit right. And so I'm like, a break? to hit right. And so I'm like, a break? First of all, marriage don't come with First of all, marriage don't come with First of all, marriage don't come with breaks. breaks. breaks. It don't. Ain't no breaks in marriage. It don't. Ain't no breaks in marriage. It don't. Ain't no breaks in marriage. I'm sorry to tell you, if it ain't the I'm sorry to tell you, if it ain't the I'm sorry to tell you, if it ain't the marriage, marriage, marriage, it's the kids. If it ain't the kids, it's the kids. If it ain't the kids, it's the kids. If it ain't the kids, it's your friends. If it ain't your it's your friends. If it ain't your it's your friends. If it ain't your friends, it's your family. If it ain't friends, it's your family. If it ain't friends, it's your family. If it ain't your family, it's a job. Marriage don't your family, it's a job. Marriage don't your family, it's a job. Marriage don't come with breaks. I've been paying come with breaks. I've been paying come with breaks. I've been paying mortgages since 2005, mortgages since 2005, mortgages since 2005, on time, never late. on time, never late. on time, never late. And I'm waiting And I'm waiting And I'm waiting for the mortgage company to call me and for the mortgage company to call me and for the mortgage company to call me and say, "Marcus, because you've been so say, "Marcus, because you've been so say, "Marcus, because you've been so good, good, good, we want to give you a break this month." Ain't no breaks with marriage. Ain't no breaks with marriage. Ain't no breaks with marriage. Then we use the calendar, dog. You got Then we use the calendar, dog. You got Then we use the calendar, dog. You got to use this calendar. you trying to to use this calendar. you trying to to use this calendar. you trying to maintain, you got to use the calendar. maintain, you got to use the calendar. maintain, you got to use the calendar. The calendar, it helps you. It's some The calendar, it helps you. It's some The calendar, it helps you. It's some type of holiday. It's some type of type of holiday. It's some type of type of holiday. It's some type of birthday, anniversary, some type of birthday, anniversary, some type of birthday, anniversary, some type of celebration. You got to use it. Some of celebration. You got to use it. Some of celebration. You got to use it. Some of you saying, "Hey, man." You know what you saying, "Hey, man." You know what you saying, "Hey, man." You know what I'm saying? I don't celebrate that I'm saying? I don't celebrate that I'm saying? I don't celebrate that stuff. Uh we don't celebrate it either. stuff. Uh we don't celebrate it either. stuff. Uh we don't celebrate it either. We celebrate us. We celebrate us. We celebrate us. >> Here it is. From January 1 to the first >> Here it is. From January 1 to the first >> Here it is. From January 1 to the first weekend in February, which is the Super weekend in February, which is the Super weekend in February, which is the Super Bowl. I know we not getting a divorce. Bowl. I know we not getting a divorce. Bowl. I know we not getting a divorce. Because my wife throws a Super Bowl Because my wife throws a Super Bowl Because my wife throws a Super Bowl party every year. party every year. party every year. Every year. I don't care what didn't Every year. I don't care what didn't Every year. I don't care what didn't happen in that time, she going to have happen in that time, she going to have happen in that time, she going to have that party cuz she like to stunt on that party cuz she like to stunt on that party cuz she like to stunt on them. Come here. Hey, this our house. Oh, you like that food? Okay, girl. That Oh, you like that food? Okay, girl. That Oh, you like that food? Okay, girl. That cater one of my best friends. I'll get cater one of my best friends. I'll get cater one of my best friends. I'll get that number to you. You know that WHAT that number to you. You know that WHAT that number to you. You know that WHAT YOU WANT TO do YOU WANT TO do YOU WANT TO do and people keep talking about but they and people keep talking about but they and people keep talking about but they don't celebrate. We we don't celebrate don't celebrate. We we don't celebrate don't celebrate. We we don't celebrate that we don't celebrate. Me and my wife that we don't celebrate. Me and my wife that we don't celebrate. Me and my wife don't celebrate Cinco de Mayo. I can't don't celebrate Cinco de Mayo. I can't don't celebrate Cinco de Mayo. I can't tell you what it's about. But I know we tell you what it's about. But I know we tell you what it's about. But I know we about to get these margaritas. about to get these margaritas. about to get these margaritas. Yeah. We better get these TWO FOR ONE Yeah. We better get these TWO FOR ONE Yeah. We better get these TWO FOR ONE SINGLE DAY MAYO. SHE HATE WHEN IT'S ON A SINGLE DAY MAYO. SHE HATE WHEN IT'S ON A SINGLE DAY MAYO. SHE HATE WHEN IT'S ON A Saturday cuz you got to sing at church Saturday cuz you got to sing at church Saturday cuz you got to sing at church Sunday. Like I'll be over there. Sunday. Like I'll be over there. Sunday. Like I'll be over there. Won't he do it? Won't he do it? Won't he do it? >> [applause] >> I always TALK ABOUT WHAT YOU DON'T >> I always TALK ABOUT WHAT YOU DON'T >> I always TALK ABOUT WHAT YOU DON'T CELEBRATE. You don't celebrate Labor CELEBRATE. You don't celebrate Labor CELEBRATE. You don't celebrate Labor Day, but you do. When Labor Day come Day, but you do. When Labor Day come Day, but you do. When Labor Day come person who say they don't celebrate person who say they don't celebrate person who say they don't celebrate holidays, go to their boss and say, "You holidays, go to their boss and say, "You holidays, go to their boss and say, "You know what? I don't celebrate this. I know what? I don't celebrate this. I know what? I don't celebrate this. I want to come to work on Labor Day." want to come to work on Labor Day." want to come to work on Labor Day." You don't do it. You don't do it. You You don't do it. You don't do it. You You don't do it. You don't do it. You got to use the calendar. And then when got to use the calendar. And then when got to use the calendar. And then when you maintain, let me show you something. you maintain, let me show you something. you maintain, let me show you something. It's like it's like um I noticed people It's like it's like um I noticed people It's like it's like um I noticed people have what you call a destination wedding but don't have no destination for their but don't have no destination for their but don't have no destination for their marriage. marriage. marriage. How is it that you got a destination How is it that you got a destination How is it that you got a destination wedding wedding wedding but no destination for marriage? See, but no destination for marriage? See, but no destination for marriage? See, y'all work together on that wedding. Oh, y'all work together on that wedding. Oh, y'all work together on that wedding. Oh, you work together. Did you Did you get you work together. Did you Did you get you work together. Did you Did you get the boys? Do the boys got their tuxedos? the boys? Do the boys got their tuxedos? the boys? Do the boys got their tuxedos? Do they got their shoes? All this type Do they got their shoes? All this type Do they got their shoes? All this type of stuff. You had to work together of stuff. You had to work together of stuff. You had to work together because if you're not working together, because if you're not working together, because if you're not working together, you're working apart, you're working apart, you're working apart, right? But you was very patient with the right? But you was very patient with the right? But you was very patient with the wedding. wedding. wedding. They tell you, "We can't get that venue. They tell you, "We can't get that venue. They tell you, "We can't get that venue. Y'all can't get married here until 3 Y'all can't get married here until 3 Y'all can't get married here until 3 years from now. years from now. years from now. I'll wait." [laughter] You patient with the wedding. No You patient with the wedding. No You patient with the wedding. No patience with the marriage. patience with the marriage. patience with the marriage. when things go wrong for the wedding. Oh when things go wrong for the wedding. Oh when things go wrong for the wedding. Oh man, we ordered the dresses. We wanted man, we ordered the dresses. We wanted man, we ordered the dresses. We wanted our left shoulders out. They came in, our left shoulders out. They came in, our left shoulders out. They came in, the right shoulder was out. the right shoulder was out. the right shoulder was out. You had mercy on the seamstress. You had mercy on the seamstress. You had mercy on the seamstress. Gave them grace, but no grace in the Gave them grace, but no grace in the Gave them grace, but no grace in the marriage. No mercy in the marriage. Not marriage. No mercy in the marriage. Not marriage. No mercy in the marriage. Not one time when things went wrong at that one time when things went wrong at that one time when things went wrong at that wedding, did you say, "I'm going to wedding, did you say, "I'm going to wedding, did you say, "I'm going to divorce that wedding." divorce that wedding." divorce that wedding." You still We having that. Yeah. So if you're not working together, Yeah. So if you're not working together, Yeah. So if you're not working together, work it apart. Then improve. work it apart. Then improve. work it apart. Then improve. This a tough one. Improve. This a tough one. Improve. This a tough one. Improve. Improve. Got to regain, maintain, Improve. Got to regain, maintain, Improve. Got to regain, maintain, improve. improve. improve. One of my friends, his mom and dad, 75 One of my friends, his mom and dad, 75 One of my friends, his mom and dad, 75 years old, been married 50 years. The husband come home one day, The husband come home one day, The husband come home one day, looked his wife in the eyes and said, "I looked his wife in the eyes and said, "I looked his wife in the eyes and said, "I want a divorce." want a divorce." want a divorce." When she asked why and the kids, "Daddy, When she asked why and the kids, "Daddy, When she asked why and the kids, "Daddy, why?" He say, "Because I'm not happy." Can I please demonstrate to you tonight Can I please demonstrate to you tonight Can I please demonstrate to you tonight what happiness should look like at 75? How happy DO YOU WANT TO BE? WHEN I FOUND THIS OUT, THIS is when I WHEN I FOUND THIS OUT, THIS is when I WHEN I FOUND THIS OUT, THIS is when I realized happy is your responsibility. >> People love to say stuff like, "Man, >> People love to say stuff like, "Man, >> People love to say stuff like, "Man, marriage is not what I thought it would marriage is not what I thought it would marriage is not what I thought it would be. You're not what you thought you be. You're not what you thought you be. You're not what you thought you would be." [laughter] When I read your would be." [laughter] When I read your would be." [laughter] When I read your high school yearbook, you said you was high school yearbook, you said you was high school yearbook, you said you was going to be doing this, living there, going to be doing this, living there, going to be doing this, living there, MARRIED TO JANET JACKSON, ALL THIS TYPE MARRIED TO JANET JACKSON, ALL THIS TYPE MARRIED TO JANET JACKSON, ALL THIS TYPE OF STUFF. OF STUFF. OF STUFF. Ain't none of that manifested yet. So Ain't none of that manifested yet. So Ain't none of that manifested yet. So why is you putting all of what you're why is you putting all of what you're why is you putting all of what you're not not not >> on marriage? >> on marriage? >> on marriage? >> Happiness is your responsibility. And >> Happiness is your responsibility. And >> Happiness is your responsibility. And happy and marriage don't even go happy and marriage don't even go happy and marriage don't even go together. together. together. [laughter] Watch this. This about to [laughter] Watch this. This about to [laughter] Watch this. This about to bless you if you let it. Ah, bless you if you let it. Ah, bless you if you let it. Ah, happiness and marriage is two different happiness and marriage is two different happiness and marriage is two different things. We think it go together because things. We think it go together because things. We think it go together because for years women have been walking for years women have been walking for years women have been walking wherever they at, grocery store, wherever they at, grocery store, wherever they at, grocery store, walking, you know, working out at work walking, you know, working out at work walking, you know, working out at work and a man come up to you, hey, hey, hey, and a man come up to you, hey, hey, hey, and a man come up to you, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. And woman, I'm married. hey, hey. And woman, I'm married. hey, hey. And woman, I'm married. And you thought that stopped him. He'll And you thought that stopped him. He'll And you thought that stopped him. He'll go happy. Are you happily married? as if that Are you happily married? as if that Are you happily married? as if that means something. It don't. Happy and means something. It don't. Happy and means something. It don't. Happy and marriage, it don't go together. People marriage, it don't go together. People marriage, it don't go together. People think it's like peanut butter and jelly. think it's like peanut butter and jelly. think it's like peanut butter and jelly. And I've learned peanut butter and jelly And I've learned peanut butter and jelly And I've learned peanut butter and jelly don't go together. don't go together. don't go together. >> When I was a kid, my mama, we going to >> When I was a kid, my mama, we going to >> When I was a kid, my mama, we going to the through the grocery store. We on the the through the grocery store. We on the the through the grocery store. We on the peanut butter and jelly aisle. She sees peanut butter and jelly aisle. She sees peanut butter and jelly aisle. She sees that they have concocted this thing with that they have concocted this thing with that they have concocted this thing with the peanut butter and the jelly in the the peanut butter and the jelly in the the peanut butter and the jelly in the same jar. She trying to save some money, same jar. She trying to save some money, same jar. She trying to save some money, so she bought this. This was the worst so she bought this. This was the worst so she bought this. This was the worst concoction concoction concoction ever. [applause] ever. [applause] ever. [applause] The reason is because I'm a peanut The reason is because I'm a peanut The reason is because I'm a peanut butter guy. I like peanut butter. I just butter guy. I like peanut butter. I just butter guy. I like peanut butter. I just need a little jelly. A little need a little jelly. A little need a little jelly. A little I just need a little jelly to enhance I just need a little jelly to enhance I just need a little jelly to enhance my peanut butter. And that's what my peanut butter. And that's what my peanut butter. And that's what marriage do. When you are happy, marriage do. When you are happy, marriage do. When you are happy, marriage enhance marriage enhance marriage enhance your happiness. It can't even deduct your happiness. It can't even deduct your happiness. It can't even deduct When you truly happy, you just be When you truly happy, you just be When you truly happy, you just be disappointed in your spouse. Look at disappointed in your spouse. Look at disappointed in your spouse. Look at you. you. you. I'm so disappointed with y'all. I don't I'm so disappointed with y'all. I don't I'm so disappointed with y'all. I don't know what TO DO. BUT YOU HAPPY THOUGH. know what TO DO. BUT YOU HAPPY THOUGH. know what TO DO. BUT YOU HAPPY THOUGH. YOU STILL GOOD. They just YOU STILL GOOD. They just YOU STILL GOOD. They just happy and marriage don't go together. happy and marriage don't go together. happy and marriage don't go together. Are you happily married? It's like Are you happily married? It's like Are you happily married? It's like asking me, am I happily black? asking me, am I happily black? asking me, am I happily black? sometimes. sometimes. sometimes. But I'd have been pulled over in the But I'd have been pulled over in the But I'd have been pulled over in the middle of the night. I'D BE LIKE, "OH, I middle of the night. I'D BE LIKE, "OH, I middle of the night. I'D BE LIKE, "OH, I WISH I was white right now." WISH I was white right now." WISH I was white right now." Yeah. But in order to get happy, you got Yeah. But in order to get happy, you got Yeah. But in order to get happy, you got to improve to improve to improve >> yourself. >> yourself. >> yourself. That's right, That's right, That's right, >> man. I got to give I I got to take a >> man. I got to give I I got to take a >> man. I got to give I I got to take a little moment right here. I got to give little moment right here. I got to give little moment right here. I got to give my wife props because when we were in my wife props because when we were in my wife props because when we were in college, when we were in college, um my college, when we were in college, um my college, when we were in college, um my wife came to me one day. I guess she was wife came to me one day. I guess she was wife came to me one day. I guess she was very frustrated this day. We wasn't very frustrated this day. We wasn't very frustrated this day. We wasn't married at the time. um boyfriend, married at the time. um boyfriend, married at the time. um boyfriend, girlfriend. But she was like, "Um, girlfriend. But she was like, "Um, girlfriend. But she was like, "Um, can you be with a girl that don't have a can you be with a girl that don't have a can you be with a girl that don't have a degree?" I was like, "What test you just degree?" I was like, "What test you just degree?" I was like, "What test you just failed?" No. She was like, "Can you be with a girl She was like, "Can you be with a girl She was like, "Can you be with a girl don't have a degree?" I was like, don't have a degree?" I was like, don't have a degree?" I was like, "Yeah." I was like, "I ain't no thing. I "Yeah." I was like, "I ain't no thing. I "Yeah." I was like, "I ain't no thing. I mean, my mom ain't got one. My grandma mean, my mom ain't got one. My grandma mean, my mom ain't got one. My grandma don't have one. You know, I don't care don't have one. You know, I don't care don't have one. You know, I don't care nothing about that." I said, "But you nothing about that." I said, "But you nothing about that." I said, "But you going to have to work." Um going to have to work." Um going to have to work." Um because at that time in my life at early because at that time in my life at early because at that time in my life at early 20s a girl that did not work was 20s a girl that did not work was 20s a girl that did not work was unattractive to me. I'm just talking unattractive to me. I'm just talking unattractive to me. I'm just talking that's to me. And so and she was like oh that's to me. And so and she was like oh that's to me. And so and she was like oh I'm going to keep a job. I was like I'm going to keep a job. I was like I'm going to keep a job. I was like okay. And I told her I said listen now okay. And I told her I said listen now okay. And I told her I said listen now all my friends got degrees all my friends got degrees all my friends got degrees and I don't want you to you know be and I don't want you to you know be and I don't want you to you know be tripping like y'all throwing your tripping like y'all throwing your tripping like y'all throwing your degrees in my no throwing them. We degrees in my no throwing them. We degrees in my no throwing them. We earned them. And she was like no I mean I I got that. And she was like no I mean I I got that. And she was like no I mean I I got that. I said, "And hey, and then when you're I said, "And hey, and then when you're I said, "And hey, and then when you're on these jobs and you going to get on these jobs and you going to get on these jobs and you going to get skipped over skipped over skipped over >> because you ain't going to have no >> because you ain't going to have no >> because you ain't going to have no degree. I just want to let you know this degree. I just want to let you know this degree. I just want to let you know this is what can happen, you know, not is what can happen, you know, not is what can happen, you know, not having, you know, that paperwork." And having, you know, that paperwork." And having, you know, that paperwork." And she was like, "Yeah, I got it. Cool." she was like, "Yeah, I got it. Cool." she was like, "Yeah, I got it. Cool." Boom. So, we going we going through Boom. So, we going we going through Boom. So, we going we going through life, man. We married. And then in the life, man. We married. And then in the life, man. We married. And then in the pandemic, pandemic, pandemic, wife come to me and say, "Hey, wife come to me and say, "Hey, wife come to me and say, "Hey, I'm going back to school." I was like, I'm going back to school." I was like, I'm going back to school." I was like, "In the pandemic? "In the pandemic? "In the pandemic? you know I'm not getting booked right you know I'm not getting booked right you know I'm not getting booked right now, don't you? She's like, "Yeah, I'm now, don't you? She's like, "Yeah, I'm now, don't you? She's like, "Yeah, I'm I'm going back. I'm going back to I'm I'm going back. I'm going back to I'm I'm going back. I'm going back to I'm going back to school." And man, that going back to school." And man, that going back to school." And man, that girl went back to school and all the girl went back to school and all the girl went back to school and all the stuff when we was dating that she wanted stuff when we was dating that she wanted stuff when we was dating that she wanted to do, she went did she went got her to do, she went did she went got her to do, she went did she went got her degree. She went pledged little Delta. degree. She went pledged little Delta. degree. She went pledged little Delta. >> Hey, I I don't need the I don't need the >> Hey, I I don't need the I don't need the >> Hey, I I don't need the I don't need the gang sign. I don't need the gang sign. I gang sign. I don't need the gang sign. I gang sign. I don't need the gang sign. I don't I don't need all that right now. I don't I don't need all that right now. I don't I don't need all that right now. I don't need that. But I'm just saying all don't need that. But I'm just saying all don't need that. But I'm just saying all the things that she wanted to do back the things that she wanted to do back the things that she wanted to do back then, she went back and she did it. And then, she went back and she did it. And then, she went back and she did it. And when she got it, guess what? I regained when she got it, guess what? I regained when she got it, guess what? I regained all type of admiration, all type of admiration, all type of admiration, respect, respect, respect, attraction cuz I like cuz she coaching attraction cuz I like cuz she coaching attraction cuz I like cuz she coaching too. She she teach and she be coaching. too. She she teach and she be coaching. too. She she teach and she be coaching. She come home, she got the heels in the She come home, she got the heels in the She come home, she got the heels in the bag, she got the running shoes on, bag, she got the running shoes on, bag, she got the running shoes on, lanyard around her neck. And I'll be lanyard around her neck. And I'll be lanyard around her neck. And I'll be seeing out there, I'll be like, "She can seeing out there, I'll be like, "She can seeing out there, I'll be like, "She can get it. get it. get it. >> [laughter] >> Yeah, I got a whole new attraction boy. >> Yeah, I got a whole new attraction boy. >> Yeah, I got a whole new attraction boy. Now, [laughter] at the end of the day, Now, [laughter] at the end of the day, Now, [laughter] at the end of the day, at the end of the day, what I learned is at the end of the day, what I learned is at the end of the day, what I learned is people, they do not let the marriage people, they do not let the marriage people, they do not let the marriage mature. mature. mature. I said, they don't let the marriage I said, they don't let the marriage I said, they don't let the marriage mature. People don't I mean, we live in mature. People don't I mean, we live in mature. People don't I mean, we live in time now, everything like this here. If time now, everything like this here. If time now, everything like this here. If it ain't the way you want it, ah, I'm it ain't the way you want it, ah, I'm it ain't the way you want it, ah, I'm gone. And you got to let the marriage gone. And you got to let the marriage gone. And you got to let the marriage mature. mature. mature. I did this conference, Rainbow Coalition I did this conference, Rainbow Coalition I did this conference, Rainbow Coalition Conference, Jesse Jackson. Yeah, he's Conference, Jesse Jackson. Yeah, he's Conference, Jesse Jackson. Yeah, he's still alive. still alive. still alive. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't lying. I was honored Yeah. Yeah. I ain't lying. I was honored Yeah. Yeah. I ain't lying. I was honored when they called me, right? They called when they called me, right? They called when they called me, right? They called me to do um they had a conference, me to do um they had a conference, me to do um they had a conference, Rainbow Coalition conference, and they Rainbow Coalition conference, and they Rainbow Coalition conference, and they had me do my comedy. And so I did my had me do my comedy. And so I did my had me do my comedy. And so I did my comedy, right? And when I did I got off comedy, right? And when I did I got off comedy, right? And when I did I got off stage, it was an it was an older stage, it was an it was an older stage, it was an it was an older gentleman. Um he was uh sitting at my gentleman. Um he was uh sitting at my gentleman. Um he was uh sitting at my table and this is a old civil rights guy table and this is a old civil rights guy table and this is a old civil rights guy like he was in his 90s. He marched with like he was in his 90s. He marched with like he was in his 90s. He marched with everybody and everybody and everybody and you know real smooth sit there you know you know real smooth sit there you know you know real smooth sit there you know old men sit on with the legs crossed and old men sit on with the legs crossed and old men sit on with the legs crossed and he's sitting there and when I sat down he's sitting there and when I sat down he's sitting there and when I sat down he said uh young man you were uh you he said uh young man you were uh you he said uh young man you were uh you were phenomenal up there tonight. Um he were phenomenal up there tonight. Um he were phenomenal up there tonight. Um he said um now did I hear you correctly? said um now did I hear you correctly? said um now did I hear you correctly? Did you say that you were married? Did you say that you were married? Did you say that you were married? >> I said uh yes sir. He said, "And how >> I said uh yes sir. He said, "And how >> I said uh yes sir. He said, "And how many years?" I said, "28." He said, 'Oh, many years?" I said, "28." He said, 'Oh, many years?" I said, "28." He said, 'Oh, you're a newlywed. Congratulations. you're a newlywed. Congratulations. you're a newlywed. Congratulations. [laughter] I said, "What?" [laughter] I said, "What?" [laughter] I said, "What?" He said, "You're a newlywed. Congrat." He said, "You're a newlywed. Congrat." He said, "You're a newlywed. Congrat." Like, he was very condescending. You Like, he was very condescending. You Like, he was very condescending. You You're a newlywed. Congratulations. I You're a newlywed. Congratulations. I You're a newlywed. Congratulations. I done gotten mad at the man. I said, "You done gotten mad at the man. I said, "You done gotten mad at the man. I said, "You married?" He said, "I am." I said, "How married?" He said, "I am." I said, "How married?" He said, "I am." I said, "How long you been married?" He said, "71 long you been married?" He said, "71 long you been married?" He said, "71 years. years. years. I said, "Oh, I am a newlywed." I said, "Oh, I am a newlywed." I said, "Oh, I am a newlywed." And I needed to hear this. I needed to And I needed to hear this. I needed to And I needed to hear this. I needed to hear this because hear this because hear this because I got partners at the barber shop. I got partners at the barber shop. I got partners at the barber shop. They've been married six years, right? They've been married six years, right? They've been married six years, right? And they ready to throw in the towel. And they ready to throw in the towel. And they ready to throw in the towel. Can't take it no more. Can't take it no more. Can't take it no more. I'm at the end of my rope. I'm at the end of my rope. I'm at the end of my rope. Oh, I made a bad decision to do this. And now I could tell him, "Dog, And now I could tell him, "Dog, And now I could tell him, "Dog, your marriage is six. Your marriage is in elementary. Your marriage can't even get in a rated Your marriage can't even get in a rated Your marriage can't even get in a rated R movie yet. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> You got to let the marriage >> You got to let the marriage >> You got to let the marriage mature. mature. mature. >> Let me show you what I mean. You got to >> Let me show you what I mean. You got to >> Let me show you what I mean. You got to let the marriage mature. Don't be so let the marriage mature. Don't be so let the marriage mature. Don't be so quick. quick. quick. Don't be so quick to just, you know, Don't be so quick to just, you know, Don't be so quick to just, you know, throw something away that could possibly throw something away that could possibly throw something away that could possibly be great. be great. be great. Let it mature. Let it mature. Let it mature. What I mean by that is y'all, I What I mean by that is y'all, I What I mean by that is y'all, I I came from a home where they where they I came from a home where they where they I came from a home where they where they cooked food. This is the home that I grew up in. This is the home that I grew up in. This is the home that I grew up in. They cooked food. They cooked food. They cooked food. Then I got married. [laughter] And I went to a home And I went to a home And I went to a home >> where they fix food. >> Cooking >> Cooking >> Cooking >> and fixing >> and fixing >> and fixing >> two different things. >> two different things. >> two different things. You fix tuna fish. You fix hamburger helper. You fix hamburger helper. You fix hamburger helper. You fix riceeroni, nachos, hamburgers, You fix riceeroni, nachos, hamburgers, You fix riceeroni, nachos, hamburgers, sandwiches. A lot of men in here get so sandwiches. A lot of men in here get so sandwiches. A lot of men in here get so excited. Oh, my baby cooking tacos excited. Oh, my baby cooking tacos excited. Oh, my baby cooking tacos tonight. No, your baby fixing tacos tonight. No, your baby fixing tacos tonight. No, your baby fixing tacos tonight. [laughter] tonight. [laughter] tonight. [laughter] Cooking is when you stuff something. Cooking is when you stuff something. Cooking is when you stuff something. Cooking is when you smother something. Cooking is when you smother something. Cooking is when you smother something. Cooking is when you sauté something. Cooking is when you sauté something. Cooking is when you sauté something. Cooking is when you preheat the oven on Cooking is when you preheat the oven on Cooking is when you preheat the oven on 350 for 2 weeks. When me and my wife got our first home, When me and my wife got our first home, When me and my wife got our first home, we were in there building it up. We was we were in there building it up. We was we were in there building it up. We was with the builder and my wife saw a with the builder and my wife saw a with the builder and my wife saw a kitchen that cost $28,000. kitchen that cost $28,000. kitchen that cost $28,000. She told the builder, "That's the She told the builder, "That's the She told the builder, "That's the kitchen I want." She walked off. I told kitchen I want." She walked off. I told kitchen I want." She walked off. I told the builder, "Come here. Come here. We do not need a kitchen. Come here. We do not need a kitchen. Come here. We do not need a kitchen. Give us a concession stand. Give us a concession stand. Give us a concession stand. Cuz right now we on corn dogs, Frito Cuz right now we on corn dogs, Frito Cuz right now we on corn dogs, Frito pies, grilled cheese. Why we need a pies, grilled cheese. Why we need a pies, grilled cheese. Why we need a $28,000 kitchen buck? I grew up in a home I grew up in a home I grew up in a home where they cleaned up. They cleaned up in the home I grew up They cleaned up in the home I grew up They cleaned up in the home I grew up in. in. in. >> I got married >> I got married >> I got married and I went to a home where they and I went to a home where they and I went to a home where they straightened up. >> Cleaning up. >> Cleaning up. >> Cleaning up. and straightening up. and straightening up. and straightening up. Two different things. Two different things. Two different things. All straightening up requires you to do All straightening up requires you to do All straightening up requires you to do is get everything out of sight. is get everything out of sight. is get everything out of sight. That's We got COMPANY COMING OVER. GET That's We got COMPANY COMING OVER. GET That's We got COMPANY COMING OVER. GET IT UP. You can put it under the bed, in IT UP. You can put it under the bed, in IT UP. You can put it under the bed, in the closet, in the garage, store it in the closet, in the garage, store it in the closet, in the garage, store it in THE BACKYARD. JUST GET IT OUT OF HERE. THE BACKYARD. JUST GET IT OUT OF HERE. THE BACKYARD. JUST GET IT OUT OF HERE. And then for breeze everything cleaning up, you smell it before you see cleaning up, you smell it before you see cleaning up, you smell it before you see it. it. it. Put the key in the door. Put the key in the door. Put the key in the door. >> Soon as you open it, you already smell >> Soon as you open it, you already smell >> Soon as you open it, you already smell bleach. bleach. bleach. >> Pine saw pine o pine faboso. Cleaning up requires a wet rag, Cleaning up requires a wet rag, Cleaning up requires a wet rag, not a wet nap. Put that back in your not a wet nap. Put that back in your not a wet nap. Put that back in your purse. A wet rag. See, you got everybody purse. A wet rag. See, you got everybody purse. A wet rag. See, you got everybody up at night with all this. [groaning] You think it's your allergies? No. No. You think it's your allergies? No. No. You think it's your allergies? No. No. No. If you GET A WET RAG, GET ALL THAT No. If you GET A WET RAG, GET ALL THAT No. If you GET A WET RAG, GET ALL THAT DUST OFF THAT CEILING FAN. >> [cheering] >> But don't miss it >> But don't miss it >> But don't miss it because if you leave early because if you leave early because if you leave early and don't let the marriage mature, and don't let the marriage mature, and don't let the marriage mature, if I would have aborted that thing, I if I would have aborted that thing, I if I would have aborted that thing, I never would have seen the girl never would have seen the girl never would have seen the girl who fix become become become a cooker. If I don't let the marriage mature and I If I don't let the marriage mature and I If I don't let the marriage mature and I leave early, leave early, leave early, I never would have seen the girl who I never would have seen the girl who I never would have seen the girl who straighten up. Well, we really got a housekeeper come Well, we really got a housekeeper come Well, we really got a housekeeper come every every Friday. My wife was like, "I every every Friday. My wife was like, "I every every Friday. My wife was like, "I AIN'T DOING BOTH OF THEM. I'M NOT YOUR AIN'T DOING BOTH OF THEM. I'M NOT YOUR AIN'T DOING BOTH OF THEM. I'M NOT YOUR MAMA. YOU SHOULD HAVE MARRIED YOUR MAMA. YOU SHOULD HAVE MARRIED YOUR MAMA. YOU SHOULD HAVE MARRIED YOUR MAMA." HEY, I'M MARCUS D. WALLY. It's my MAMA." HEY, I'M MARCUS D. WALLY. It's my MAMA." HEY, I'M MARCUS D. WALLY. It's my time. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Hey, hey, hey. [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Hey, hey,