What up my people and welcome back to
another tutorial. I will be showing you
how to cut this buildup neck step by
step. This is part of my new collection.
It's very fresh. It's just last week
that I did the collection and I've
gotten a couple of people that said I
would like to know how this is made. How
did you do this and all? So without
further ado, without wasting your time,
let's get into the tutorial. Bam. So
first thing first is to get your fabric.
You're not going to use you're not going
to cut it on the air now. So get your
fabric and you're going to fold it just
like this. The folding that I folded
here is based on the wideness of my
chest. And I'm going to mark a straight
line on the edge so I know where the
measurement is going to start from. So
this is just a straight line. So after
you mark that straight line, I want you
to listen and listing good. Pay close
attention. This is where we're going to
determine the color that buildup itself.
Now the highest you can use for the
buildup is 4 in. You can literally take
a tip now and measure your neck. You can
you can like measure your neck. But the
highest you can do is 4 in. But I'll be
using 3.5 here because I don't want it
to be too tall. 3.5 in. So I'm going to
mark 3.5 in. You can see that I'll mark
3.5 in here and I'll mark 3.5 in ahead
as well. Then I'm going to connect that
two together. I've gotten a couple of
people asking me where they can get this
ruler. A link is going to be below this
video. All sewing accessories are
available on that website. I'm going to
write it on the screen as well. The
tailormarket.com.
You can get all accessories here. You
can see I already fold my fabric
according to my chest circumference.
That's my chest measurements. So, we did
3.5 in at that point. So, now for our
neck opening. Don't forget that's the
measurement we are using here. Our neck
opening is a total of 18 in. If you're
cutting a senator, that's where we are
applying our neck there. And this second
line is where we're going to use our
shoulder measurement. So pay attention.
I mark 2.5 for my neck opening. And now
my shoulder measurement.
My shoulder is 18 in. You see that? Then
you're going to divide that by two. 18 /
2
is going to give us what's that?
9 in. So you're going to add half of an
inch to that. That's 18 / 2 +/2 in.
That's 9.5 in. That's for my shoulder to
shoulder measurement. So now pay close
attention
from that shoulder measurement. You're
not going to make a straight cut. You
see? Don't forget if you want to get
this ruler a link is going to be below
this video detailersarket.com
you can get all sewing accessory on that
website including this one. So now on
that you see how I align the ruler from
the neck circumference which is the neck
hole that we measure which is 2.5 in to
the shoulder we going to make a cuff
edge all the way to the shoulder. You
see
you see what that looks like.
That is our shoulder slope and our
collar. It's a build up color. the color
and the outfit are together. You see
what I just did? So that is exactly what
you should do as well. So that's getting
that. So the next thing now is going to
be
our length. I'm going to measure. So
whatever length you want to take now,
that neck part is not part of it. It's
going to be separate. Yeah. So from that
second line, we're going to measure our
length, our full body length. So here
I'm working with 30 in for my length.
And I'm going to mark that. I'm going to
take it down a little bit. Then also
mark my 30 inches at this place as well.
You can see. And I'm going to connect it
together. So that's my full length. So
after that length, now we can measure
all our body size, all our chest, our
tummy and everything all together. So
after we get that, so the next thing now
is going to be the arm. Oo. You can see
that this outfit that I'm cutting, I'm
cutting it separately. If assuming you
are cutting a senator, you know, we
usually cut them together. We fold the
overlayer and all. So there's a
technique here that people that are in
the readym made class are actually going
to understand cutting without having to
overlay. So here, in order to get your
arm O, I'm going to be using my shoulder
divided by two, which is 9 in. If you
want it to be firm or if you want it to
be loose, depending on what, you can
subtract half of an inch or add an extra
half of an inch. But I'm using the SAT
shoulder measurement. That's my shoulder
divided by two for my arm O depth. You
see that? That's what I just mark for
the depth. So from here, which is 9.5,
I'm going to bring it below. And I'll
mark the 9.5 at this place as well. You
see that? So I can make a straight line
from my shoulder to my arm O to have a
straight line at that place. You see?
So after getting that I'll mark a
straight line here as well.
I'm taking this step by step so that you
can understand. I'm not using any
magical metric. So here now my full
length is 30. I'm going to divide that
by two to get my tummy
to get my tummy line. Sorry my tummy
line. I'll connect that place. That's
15. I'll get the 15 from this side as
well. That's 30 / two. get it here as
well. You see that?
So, I'm going to connect that place
together.
You can see
see what we have.
So, once we get that, so now our chest
measurement is going to be under our
arm. Oo. So, we supposed to have a
straight line at that place. So, our
chest is 42 in. Then, we're going to
divide it by 4. You can see 42 / 4.
That's going to give us 21 in. So that
21 in, we're going to divide it as well.
21 divided by 2 is going to give us 10.5
in. So I'm going to mark that 10.5 here.
You see that? That's after the arm o.
And I'm going to add my sewing
allowance, which is going to be 1.5 in.
You see that? So on the tummy line, you
just have to have a shape. So remember,
we did 10.5 here. So here, I'm just
going to bring it below. So there's
going to be a curve. I'm going to
subtract 1/2 in. So I'll mark 10 in
here. You see that? And I'll add 1.5 for
the sewing allowance. Easy peasy, right?
So on the M area, because it's the E
area, so it's supposed to be wider. You
know, on the chest, we have 10.5. The
vent itself is going to be at 7 in. So
I'll mark 7 in here for the vent. So on
top of that vent area, we have 10.5.
I'll add half of an in to that, which
will make it 11 in. So, I'm going to
mark 11 in here. So, that is going to go
inside a little bit and I'll add 1.5 for
the sewing allowance mark. So, you see
it's basically very simple. So, at the
vent area, you're just going to like
have your vent in ext.
So, that's not that deep. 1 in for the
vent. So, now basically all you have to
do is just to connect from the hip to
the tummy and to the chest. You see what
we have? That is our measurement. And we
add our sewing allowance. You see that?
That is our sewing allowance. This is
not magical. This is simple, simple,
simple. So for the vent, we just connect
a straight line on the edge. You see
what we just did. So on our arm O, now
pay attention. So our main arm O, this
is our arm O C. Don't forget if you want
to get the ruler, a link is going to be
below where you can buy all sewing
equipment. You're going to measure the
full length there and we're going to
divide our full length by two. You see?
Mark the center point. You see that? And
I'm going to go in deep
by 3/4 in. It's not going to be up to 1
in, just 3/4 of an inch. You see that?
So from the arm O to the 3/4 in, we go
in deep all the way to the arm O edge.
We're going to make a curve for our arm
O. You see that? From here,
like this,
just make your curve
like so.
You see what we've done? Isn't this
beautiful?
Isn't this absolutely gorgeous? So now
let's go back to our neck.
Now what you're going to do now is
basically very simple. Depending on the
shape of neck that you want to do here,
you can do a U neck. But based on the
design that I showed you guys initially,
I still had to do exactly the same
design. So first let me let me show you
guys something here. Don't forget that
our next start from this second line,
right? So from this second line now,
that's where you're going to determine
the depth of the opening.
If you're cutting a senator, your
senator is going to be on that shoulder
line. Your neck is going to be on that
shoulder line. Don't forget, remember
that it's going to be on the shoulder
line. That is the other one is a collar.
So from that shoulder line is where
you're going to determine the depth of
your neck. So for the depth of the neck,
from the collar line, we can have that
at 4 in depth. You can see 4 in depth.
So I'm going to mark that 4 in. That 4
in is from the um from the shoulder
line. So from that shoulder line now. So
now from the collar itself
we are going to connect. So you can do
different design of neck on this area.
But based on the design I'll be showing
you this one. So from the collar line
from the tip of the collar
all the way
to the 4 in depth that we just did. You
see what I have?
I'm going to connect that together.
So I'll hold down here and from here
I'll make a U. Connect that line
together
all the way like so. You see that?
So that is our entire neck
circumference. So we're still going to
sorry we're still going to use this
thing to cut our back panel. So stick
pay attention and watch. So this is our
front panel.
This is our front panel. So, the next
thing is to cut out our back panel.
Yeah. So, let me cut this out and we
move on to the next stage. If you
really, really enjoyed this video so
far, make sure you give the video a
thumbs up. And if you yet to subscribe
to my channel, I think what do you have
to gain if you do not subscribe? Like,
bro, like like are you trying to wicked
me? Like, that's the only thing you
could probably offer me, you know? This
is free of charge. All you have to do
just like the video and subscribe. It's
not that deep. Yeah. So, just just
follow up with me. If you if you're
actually following up like you're
cutting this video the same way I'm
doing here, you should be able to get
exactly the same result. You just have
to use your own measurement and just
apply your own measurements based on the
calculations subtractions and additions.
So you see that
and just cut it out. Also, if you want
to get this fabric, a link is going to
be below this video.
www.detailersmarket.com.
Yes, ww.detailersmarket.com.
All fabrics are available. All tailoring
tools are available. Machines are
available. Monogram machines are
available on the website. Everything is
available on the website. So, um, this
video is actually sponsored by
detailersmarket.com. I should have said
that early, but I'm just I'm just new to
all of this. So, this our front panel.
You see what we have here? This our
front panel. So, the next thing is going
to be to cut out the back panel. Let's
jump into that. So, basically, you just
have to fold your fabric exactly with
your body circumference. That's how I
fold this back panel. you know you're
cutting it in double. I believe you
already understand all of these
fundamentals. So after that, I'm going
to place my front panel on top of it.
Make sure it's aligned very well. Make
sure all of the edges are sync are in
sync. You see that? Make sure it aligns.
Well, synchronize all of the edges.
You'll see how beautiful that is
looking. This fabric is amazing. It's
absolutely beautiful. If you put this on
your body, this fabric is dope. like
doop doop. So on this edge I'm going to
have a straight line. Going to have a
straight line to guide me. You see that?
So from that edge once I have that. So
now the next thing is to determine the
depth of the back neck because it's not
going to be as high as that. That's to
be a little bit a little bit inward.
Remember we still going to stitch out
the shoulder. Maybe like a quarter of an
inch on that area. Don't forget. So that
quarter of an inch you're stitching out
on the shoulder, you're going to deepen
the neck, the back panel at that same
range. So that when you do all of the
joining, you're still going to have your
collar high like that. So after
subtracting that, you're going to
connect it all the way back to the neck.
You see that? Just quarter of an inch is
what we depart
of an inch from there.
So the next thing now, you're using
exactly the same shoulder. So the next
thing now is going to be the arm hole.
I'm going to come out by quarter of an
inch on the arm O for the back panel as
well. And I'm going to reshape that. So
from the joining of the shoulder
all the way to the arm hole. You can see
you can see just mark that place out
so that the arm area is firm and is
straight. You can see that.
So now the next thing is to simply cut
it out. You're not doing too much on the
back panel. Just from here. You see
that?
Just cut it out.
You see that?
And from here as well,
you cut it out.
So on that arm O, don't forget we
already come out by a quarter of an inch
from that area.
You see? So you just have to simply cut
it in line. You see that?
Very simple, very demure, very
beautiful. And you just have to follow
that other side, the pattern side, and
just simply cut it out. So that is how
to cut a buildup collar neck step by
step. I don't think there's any part of
this video that you will tell me that
you do not understand because I try my
possible best to make it self and
visually explanatory and understanding.
So this is everything you need to know
about how to cut this neck and this is
the final results that you will be
having. So the next thing is going to be
the sewing. If you can try this out
yourself, I would love you to share the
results that you're going to get in our
Telegram group or our WhatsApp group. A
link is also going to be below. That
will be about this video. Give it a like
and I will see you on the next one.
Peace out.
