What up my people and welcome back to What up my people and welcome back to What up my people and welcome back to another tutorial. I will be showing you another tutorial. I will be showing you another tutorial. I will be showing you how to cut this buildup neck step by how to cut this buildup neck step by how to cut this buildup neck step by step. This is part of my new collection. step. This is part of my new collection. step. This is part of my new collection. It's very fresh. It's just last week It's very fresh. It's just last week It's very fresh. It's just last week that I did the collection and I've that I did the collection and I've that I did the collection and I've gotten a couple of people that said I gotten a couple of people that said I gotten a couple of people that said I would like to know how this is made. How would like to know how this is made. How would like to know how this is made. How did you do this and all? So without did you do this and all? So without did you do this and all? So without further ado, without wasting your time, further ado, without wasting your time, further ado, without wasting your time, let's get into the tutorial. Bam. So let's get into the tutorial. Bam. So let's get into the tutorial. Bam. So first thing first is to get your fabric. first thing first is to get your fabric. first thing first is to get your fabric. You're not going to use you're not going You're not going to use you're not going You're not going to use you're not going to cut it on the air now. So get your to cut it on the air now. So get your to cut it on the air now. So get your fabric and you're going to fold it just fabric and you're going to fold it just fabric and you're going to fold it just like this. The folding that I folded like this. The folding that I folded like this. The folding that I folded here is based on the wideness of my here is based on the wideness of my here is based on the wideness of my chest. And I'm going to mark a straight chest. And I'm going to mark a straight chest. And I'm going to mark a straight line on the edge so I know where the line on the edge so I know where the line on the edge so I know where the measurement is going to start from. So measurement is going to start from. So measurement is going to start from. So this is just a straight line. So after this is just a straight line. So after this is just a straight line. So after you mark that straight line, I want you you mark that straight line, I want you you mark that straight line, I want you to listen and listing good. Pay close to listen and listing good. Pay close to listen and listing good. Pay close attention. This is where we're going to attention. This is where we're going to attention. This is where we're going to determine the color that buildup itself. determine the color that buildup itself. determine the color that buildup itself. Now the highest you can use for the Now the highest you can use for the Now the highest you can use for the buildup is 4 in. You can literally take buildup is 4 in. You can literally take buildup is 4 in. You can literally take a tip now and measure your neck. You can a tip now and measure your neck. You can a tip now and measure your neck. You can you can like measure your neck. But the you can like measure your neck. But the you can like measure your neck. But the highest you can do is 4 in. But I'll be highest you can do is 4 in. But I'll be highest you can do is 4 in. But I'll be using 3.5 here because I don't want it using 3.5 here because I don't want it using 3.5 here because I don't want it to be too tall. 3.5 in. So I'm going to to be too tall. 3.5 in. So I'm going to to be too tall. 3.5 in. So I'm going to mark 3.5 in. You can see that I'll mark mark 3.5 in. You can see that I'll mark mark 3.5 in. You can see that I'll mark 3.5 in here and I'll mark 3.5 in ahead 3.5 in here and I'll mark 3.5 in ahead 3.5 in here and I'll mark 3.5 in ahead as well. Then I'm going to connect that as well. Then I'm going to connect that as well. Then I'm going to connect that two together. I've gotten a couple of two together. I've gotten a couple of two together. I've gotten a couple of people asking me where they can get this people asking me where they can get this people asking me where they can get this ruler. A link is going to be below this ruler. A link is going to be below this ruler. A link is going to be below this video. All sewing accessories are video. All sewing accessories are video. All sewing accessories are available on that website. I'm going to available on that website. I'm going to available on that website. I'm going to write it on the screen as well. The write it on the screen as well. The write it on the screen as well. The tailormarket.com. tailormarket.com. tailormarket.com. You can get all accessories here. You You can get all accessories here. You You can get all accessories here. You can see I already fold my fabric can see I already fold my fabric can see I already fold my fabric according to my chest circumference. according to my chest circumference. according to my chest circumference. That's my chest measurements. So, we did That's my chest measurements. So, we did That's my chest measurements. So, we did 3.5 in at that point. So, now for our 3.5 in at that point. So, now for our 3.5 in at that point. So, now for our neck opening. Don't forget that's the neck opening. Don't forget that's the neck opening. Don't forget that's the measurement we are using here. Our neck measurement we are using here. Our neck measurement we are using here. Our neck opening is a total of 18 in. If you're opening is a total of 18 in. If you're opening is a total of 18 in. If you're cutting a senator, that's where we are cutting a senator, that's where we are cutting a senator, that's where we are applying our neck there. And this second applying our neck there. And this second applying our neck there. And this second line is where we're going to use our line is where we're going to use our line is where we're going to use our shoulder measurement. So pay attention. shoulder measurement. So pay attention. shoulder measurement. So pay attention. I mark 2.5 for my neck opening. And now I mark 2.5 for my neck opening. And now I mark 2.5 for my neck opening. And now my shoulder measurement. my shoulder measurement. my shoulder measurement. My shoulder is 18 in. You see that? Then My shoulder is 18 in. You see that? Then My shoulder is 18 in. You see that? Then you're going to divide that by two. 18 / you're going to divide that by two. 18 / you're going to divide that by two. 18 / is going to give us what's that? is going to give us what's that? is going to give us what's that? 9 in. So you're going to add half of an 9 in. So you're going to add half of an 9 in. So you're going to add half of an inch to that. That's 18 / 2 +/2 in. inch to that. That's 18 / 2 +/2 in. inch to that. That's 18 / 2 +/2 in. That's 9.5 in. That's for my shoulder to That's 9.5 in. That's for my shoulder to That's 9.5 in. That's for my shoulder to shoulder measurement. So now pay close shoulder measurement. So now pay close shoulder measurement. So now pay close attention attention attention from that shoulder measurement. You're from that shoulder measurement. You're from that shoulder measurement. You're not going to make a straight cut. You not going to make a straight cut. You not going to make a straight cut. You see? Don't forget if you want to get see? Don't forget if you want to get see? Don't forget if you want to get this ruler a link is going to be below this ruler a link is going to be below this ruler a link is going to be below this video detailersarket.com this video detailersarket.com this video detailersarket.com you can get all sewing accessory on that you can get all sewing accessory on that you can get all sewing accessory on that website including this one. So now on website including this one. So now on website including this one. So now on that you see how I align the ruler from that you see how I align the ruler from that you see how I align the ruler from the neck circumference which is the neck the neck circumference which is the neck the neck circumference which is the neck hole that we measure which is 2.5 in to hole that we measure which is 2.5 in to hole that we measure which is 2.5 in to the shoulder we going to make a cuff the shoulder we going to make a cuff the shoulder we going to make a cuff a cuff a cuff a cuff edge all the way to the shoulder. You edge all the way to the shoulder. You edge all the way to the shoulder. You see see see you see what that looks like. you see what that looks like. you see what that looks like. That is our shoulder slope and our That is our shoulder slope and our That is our shoulder slope and our collar. It's a build up color. the color collar. It's a build up color. the color collar. It's a build up color. the color and the outfit are together. You see and the outfit are together. You see and the outfit are together. You see what I just did? So that is exactly what what I just did? So that is exactly what what I just did? So that is exactly what you should do as well. So that's getting you should do as well. So that's getting you should do as well. So that's getting that. So the next thing now is going to that. So the next thing now is going to that. So the next thing now is going to be be be our length. I'm going to measure. So our length. I'm going to measure. So our length. I'm going to measure. So whatever length you want to take now, whatever length you want to take now, whatever length you want to take now, that neck part is not part of it. It's that neck part is not part of it. It's that neck part is not part of it. It's going to be separate. Yeah. So from that going to be separate. Yeah. So from that going to be separate. Yeah. So from that second line, we're going to measure our second line, we're going to measure our second line, we're going to measure our length, our full body length. So here length, our full body length. So here length, our full body length. So here I'm working with 30 in for my length. I'm working with 30 in for my length. I'm working with 30 in for my length. And I'm going to mark that. I'm going to And I'm going to mark that. I'm going to And I'm going to mark that. I'm going to take it down a little bit. Then also take it down a little bit. Then also take it down a little bit. Then also mark my 30 inches at this place as well. mark my 30 inches at this place as well. mark my 30 inches at this place as well. You can see. And I'm going to connect it You can see. And I'm going to connect it You can see. And I'm going to connect it together. So that's my full length. So together. So that's my full length. So together. So that's my full length. So after that length, now we can measure after that length, now we can measure after that length, now we can measure all our body size, all our chest, our all our body size, all our chest, our all our body size, all our chest, our tummy and everything all together. So tummy and everything all together. So tummy and everything all together. So after we get that, so the next thing now after we get that, so the next thing now after we get that, so the next thing now is going to be the arm. Oo. You can see is going to be the arm. Oo. You can see is going to be the arm. Oo. You can see that this outfit that I'm cutting, I'm that this outfit that I'm cutting, I'm that this outfit that I'm cutting, I'm cutting it separately. If assuming you cutting it separately. If assuming you cutting it separately. If assuming you are cutting a senator, you know, we are cutting a senator, you know, we are cutting a senator, you know, we usually cut them together. We fold the usually cut them together. We fold the usually cut them together. We fold the overlayer and all. So there's a overlayer and all. So there's a overlayer and all. So there's a technique here that people that are in technique here that people that are in technique here that people that are in the readym made class are actually going the readym made class are actually going the readym made class are actually going to understand cutting without having to to understand cutting without having to to understand cutting without having to overlay. So here, in order to get your overlay. So here, in order to get your overlay. So here, in order to get your arm O, I'm going to be using my shoulder arm O, I'm going to be using my shoulder arm O, I'm going to be using my shoulder divided by two, which is 9 in. If you divided by two, which is 9 in. If you divided by two, which is 9 in. If you want it to be firm or if you want it to want it to be firm or if you want it to want it to be firm or if you want it to be loose, depending on what, you can be loose, depending on what, you can be loose, depending on what, you can subtract half of an inch or add an extra subtract half of an inch or add an extra subtract half of an inch or add an extra half of an inch. But I'm using the SAT half of an inch. But I'm using the SAT half of an inch. But I'm using the SAT shoulder measurement. That's my shoulder shoulder measurement. That's my shoulder shoulder measurement. That's my shoulder divided by two for my arm O depth. You divided by two for my arm O depth. You divided by two for my arm O depth. You see that? That's what I just mark for see that? That's what I just mark for see that? That's what I just mark for the depth. So from here, which is 9.5, the depth. So from here, which is 9.5, the depth. So from here, which is 9.5, I'm going to bring it below. And I'll I'm going to bring it below. And I'll I'm going to bring it below. And I'll mark the 9.5 at this place as well. You mark the 9.5 at this place as well. You mark the 9.5 at this place as well. You see that? So I can make a straight line see that? So I can make a straight line see that? So I can make a straight line from my shoulder to my arm O to have a from my shoulder to my arm O to have a from my shoulder to my arm O to have a straight line at that place. You see? So after getting that I'll mark a So after getting that I'll mark a So after getting that I'll mark a straight line here as well. straight line here as well. straight line here as well. I'm taking this step by step so that you I'm taking this step by step so that you I'm taking this step by step so that you can understand. I'm not using any can understand. I'm not using any can understand. I'm not using any magical metric. So here now my full magical metric. So here now my full magical metric. So here now my full length is 30. I'm going to divide that length is 30. I'm going to divide that length is 30. I'm going to divide that by two to get my tummy by two to get my tummy by two to get my tummy to get my tummy line. Sorry my tummy to get my tummy line. Sorry my tummy to get my tummy line. Sorry my tummy line. I'll connect that place. That's line. I'll connect that place. That's line. I'll connect that place. That's 15. I'll get the 15 from this side as 15. I'll get the 15 from this side as 15. I'll get the 15 from this side as well. That's 30 / two. get it here as well. That's 30 / two. get it here as well. That's 30 / two. get it here as well. You see that? well. You see that? well. You see that? So, I'm going to connect that place So, I'm going to connect that place So, I'm going to connect that place together. together. together. You can see You can see You can see see what we have. see what we have. see what we have. So, once we get that, so now our chest So, once we get that, so now our chest So, once we get that, so now our chest measurement is going to be under our measurement is going to be under our measurement is going to be under our arm. Oo. So, we supposed to have a arm. Oo. So, we supposed to have a arm. Oo. So, we supposed to have a straight line at that place. So, our straight line at that place. So, our straight line at that place. So, our chest is 42 in. Then, we're going to chest is 42 in. Then, we're going to chest is 42 in. Then, we're going to divide it by 4. You can see 42 / 4. divide it by 4. You can see 42 / 4. divide it by 4. You can see 42 / 4. That's going to give us 21 in. So that That's going to give us 21 in. So that That's going to give us 21 in. So that 21 in, we're going to divide it as well. 21 in, we're going to divide it as well. 21 in, we're going to divide it as well. 21 divided by 2 is going to give us 10.5 21 divided by 2 is going to give us 10.5 21 divided by 2 is going to give us 10.5 in. So I'm going to mark that 10.5 here. in. So I'm going to mark that 10.5 here. in. So I'm going to mark that 10.5 here. You see that? That's after the arm o. You see that? That's after the arm o. You see that? That's after the arm o. And I'm going to add my sewing And I'm going to add my sewing And I'm going to add my sewing allowance, which is going to be 1.5 in. allowance, which is going to be 1.5 in. allowance, which is going to be 1.5 in. You see that? So on the tummy line, you You see that? So on the tummy line, you You see that? So on the tummy line, you just have to have a shape. So remember, just have to have a shape. So remember, just have to have a shape. So remember, we did 10.5 here. So here, I'm just we did 10.5 here. So here, I'm just we did 10.5 here. So here, I'm just going to bring it below. So there's going to bring it below. So there's going to bring it below. So there's going to be a curve. I'm going to going to be a curve. I'm going to going to be a curve. I'm going to subtract 1/2 in. So I'll mark 10 in subtract 1/2 in. So I'll mark 10 in subtract 1/2 in. So I'll mark 10 in here. You see that? And I'll add 1.5 for here. You see that? And I'll add 1.5 for here. You see that? And I'll add 1.5 for the sewing allowance. Easy peasy, right? the sewing allowance. Easy peasy, right? the sewing allowance. Easy peasy, right? So on the M area, because it's the E So on the M area, because it's the E So on the M area, because it's the E area, so it's supposed to be wider. You area, so it's supposed to be wider. You area, so it's supposed to be wider. You know, on the chest, we have 10.5. The know, on the chest, we have 10.5. The know, on the chest, we have 10.5. The vent itself is going to be at 7 in. So vent itself is going to be at 7 in. So vent itself is going to be at 7 in. So I'll mark 7 in here for the vent. So on I'll mark 7 in here for the vent. So on I'll mark 7 in here for the vent. So on top of that vent area, we have 10.5. top of that vent area, we have 10.5. top of that vent area, we have 10.5. I'll add half of an in to that, which I'll add half of an in to that, which I'll add half of an in to that, which will make it 11 in. So, I'm going to will make it 11 in. So, I'm going to will make it 11 in. So, I'm going to mark 11 in here. So, that is going to go mark 11 in here. So, that is going to go mark 11 in here. So, that is going to go inside a little bit and I'll add 1.5 for inside a little bit and I'll add 1.5 for inside a little bit and I'll add 1.5 for the sewing allowance mark. So, you see the sewing allowance mark. So, you see the sewing allowance mark. So, you see it's basically very simple. So, at the it's basically very simple. So, at the it's basically very simple. So, at the vent area, you're just going to like vent area, you're just going to like vent area, you're just going to like have your vent in ext. have your vent in ext. have your vent in ext. So, that's not that deep. 1 in for the So, that's not that deep. 1 in for the So, that's not that deep. 1 in for the vent. So, now basically all you have to vent. So, now basically all you have to vent. So, now basically all you have to do is just to connect from the hip to do is just to connect from the hip to do is just to connect from the hip to the tummy and to the chest. You see what the tummy and to the chest. You see what the tummy and to the chest. You see what we have? That is our measurement. And we we have? That is our measurement. And we we have? That is our measurement. And we add our sewing allowance. You see that? add our sewing allowance. You see that? add our sewing allowance. You see that? That is our sewing allowance. This is That is our sewing allowance. This is That is our sewing allowance. This is not magical. This is simple, simple, not magical. This is simple, simple, not magical. This is simple, simple, simple. So for the vent, we just connect simple. So for the vent, we just connect simple. So for the vent, we just connect a straight line on the edge. You see a straight line on the edge. You see a straight line on the edge. You see what we just did. So on our arm O, now what we just did. So on our arm O, now what we just did. So on our arm O, now pay attention. So our main arm O, this pay attention. So our main arm O, this pay attention. So our main arm O, this is our arm O C. Don't forget if you want is our arm O C. Don't forget if you want is our arm O C. Don't forget if you want to get the ruler, a link is going to be to get the ruler, a link is going to be to get the ruler, a link is going to be below where you can buy all sewing below where you can buy all sewing below where you can buy all sewing equipment. You're going to measure the equipment. You're going to measure the equipment. You're going to measure the full length there and we're going to full length there and we're going to full length there and we're going to divide our full length by two. You see? divide our full length by two. You see? divide our full length by two. You see? Mark the center point. You see that? And Mark the center point. You see that? And Mark the center point. You see that? And I'm going to go in deep by 3/4 in. It's not going to be up to 1 by 3/4 in. It's not going to be up to 1 by 3/4 in. It's not going to be up to 1 in, just 3/4 of an inch. You see that? in, just 3/4 of an inch. You see that? in, just 3/4 of an inch. You see that? So from the arm O to the 3/4 in, we go So from the arm O to the 3/4 in, we go So from the arm O to the 3/4 in, we go in deep all the way to the arm O edge. in deep all the way to the arm O edge. in deep all the way to the arm O edge. We're going to make a curve for our arm We're going to make a curve for our arm We're going to make a curve for our arm O. You see that? From here, O. You see that? From here, O. You see that? From here, like this, like this, like this, just make your curve just make your curve just make your curve like so. like so. like so. You see what we've done? Isn't this You see what we've done? Isn't this You see what we've done? Isn't this beautiful? beautiful? beautiful? Isn't this absolutely gorgeous? So now Isn't this absolutely gorgeous? So now Isn't this absolutely gorgeous? So now let's go back to our neck. let's go back to our neck. let's go back to our neck. Now what you're going to do now is Now what you're going to do now is Now what you're going to do now is basically very simple. Depending on the basically very simple. Depending on the basically very simple. Depending on the shape of neck that you want to do here, shape of neck that you want to do here, shape of neck that you want to do here, you can do a U neck. But based on the you can do a U neck. But based on the you can do a U neck. But based on the design that I showed you guys initially, design that I showed you guys initially, design that I showed you guys initially, I still had to do exactly the same I still had to do exactly the same I still had to do exactly the same design. So first let me let me show you design. So first let me let me show you design. So first let me let me show you guys something here. Don't forget that guys something here. Don't forget that guys something here. Don't forget that our next start from this second line, our next start from this second line, our next start from this second line, right? So from this second line now, right? So from this second line now, right? So from this second line now, that's where you're going to determine that's where you're going to determine that's where you're going to determine the depth of the opening. the depth of the opening. the depth of the opening. If you're cutting a senator, your If you're cutting a senator, your If you're cutting a senator, your senator is going to be on that shoulder senator is going to be on that shoulder senator is going to be on that shoulder line. Your neck is going to be on that line. Your neck is going to be on that line. Your neck is going to be on that shoulder line. Don't forget, remember shoulder line. Don't forget, remember shoulder line. Don't forget, remember that it's going to be on the shoulder that it's going to be on the shoulder that it's going to be on the shoulder line. That is the other one is a collar. line. That is the other one is a collar. line. That is the other one is a collar. So from that shoulder line is where So from that shoulder line is where So from that shoulder line is where you're going to determine the depth of you're going to determine the depth of you're going to determine the depth of your neck. So for the depth of the neck, your neck. So for the depth of the neck, your neck. So for the depth of the neck, from the collar line, we can have that from the collar line, we can have that from the collar line, we can have that at 4 in depth. You can see 4 in depth. at 4 in depth. You can see 4 in depth. at 4 in depth. You can see 4 in depth. So I'm going to mark that 4 in. That 4 So I'm going to mark that 4 in. That 4 So I'm going to mark that 4 in. That 4 in is from the um from the shoulder in is from the um from the shoulder in is from the um from the shoulder line. So from that shoulder line now. So line. So from that shoulder line now. So line. So from that shoulder line now. So now from the collar itself now from the collar itself now from the collar itself we are going to connect. So you can do we are going to connect. So you can do we are going to connect. So you can do different design of neck on this area. different design of neck on this area. different design of neck on this area. But based on the design I'll be showing But based on the design I'll be showing But based on the design I'll be showing you this one. So from the collar line you this one. So from the collar line you this one. So from the collar line from the tip of the collar from the tip of the collar from the tip of the collar all the way all the way all the way to the 4 in depth that we just did. You to the 4 in depth that we just did. You to the 4 in depth that we just did. You see what I have? I'm going to connect that together. I'm going to connect that together. I'm going to connect that together. So I'll hold down here and from here So I'll hold down here and from here So I'll hold down here and from here I'll make a U. Connect that line I'll make a U. Connect that line I'll make a U. Connect that line together all the way like so. You see that? You see that? You see that? You see that? So that is our entire neck So that is our entire neck So that is our entire neck circumference. So we're still going to circumference. So we're still going to circumference. So we're still going to sorry we're still going to use this sorry we're still going to use this sorry we're still going to use this thing to cut our back panel. So stick thing to cut our back panel. So stick thing to cut our back panel. So stick pay attention and watch. So this is our pay attention and watch. So this is our pay attention and watch. So this is our front panel. front panel. front panel. This is our front panel. So, the next This is our front panel. So, the next This is our front panel. So, the next thing is to cut out our back panel. thing is to cut out our back panel. thing is to cut out our back panel. Yeah. So, let me cut this out and we Yeah. So, let me cut this out and we Yeah. So, let me cut this out and we move on to the next stage. If you move on to the next stage. If you move on to the next stage. If you really, really enjoyed this video so really, really enjoyed this video so really, really enjoyed this video so far, make sure you give the video a far, make sure you give the video a far, make sure you give the video a thumbs up. And if you yet to subscribe thumbs up. And if you yet to subscribe thumbs up. And if you yet to subscribe to my channel, I think what do you have to my channel, I think what do you have to my channel, I think what do you have to gain if you do not subscribe? Like, to gain if you do not subscribe? Like, to gain if you do not subscribe? Like, bro, like like are you trying to wicked bro, like like are you trying to wicked bro, like like are you trying to wicked me? Like, that's the only thing you me? Like, that's the only thing you me? Like, that's the only thing you could probably offer me, you know? This could probably offer me, you know? This could probably offer me, you know? This is free of charge. All you have to do is free of charge. All you have to do is free of charge. All you have to do just like the video and subscribe. It's just like the video and subscribe. It's just like the video and subscribe. It's not that deep. Yeah. So, just just not that deep. Yeah. So, just just not that deep. Yeah. So, just just follow up with me. If you if you're follow up with me. If you if you're follow up with me. If you if you're actually following up like you're actually following up like you're actually following up like you're cutting this video the same way I'm cutting this video the same way I'm cutting this video the same way I'm doing here, you should be able to get doing here, you should be able to get doing here, you should be able to get exactly the same result. You just have exactly the same result. You just have exactly the same result. You just have to use your own measurement and just to use your own measurement and just to use your own measurement and just apply your own measurements based on the apply your own measurements based on the apply your own measurements based on the calculations subtractions and additions. calculations subtractions and additions. calculations subtractions and additions. So you see that So you see that So you see that and just cut it out. Also, if you want and just cut it out. Also, if you want and just cut it out. Also, if you want to get this fabric, a link is going to to get this fabric, a link is going to to get this fabric, a link is going to be below this video. be below this video. be below this video. www.detailersmarket.com. Yes, ww.detailersmarket.com. Yes, ww.detailersmarket.com. Yes, ww.detailersmarket.com. All fabrics are available. All tailoring All fabrics are available. All tailoring All fabrics are available. All tailoring tools are available. Machines are tools are available. Machines are tools are available. Machines are available. Monogram machines are available. Monogram machines are available. Monogram machines are available on the website. Everything is available on the website. Everything is available on the website. Everything is available on the website. So, um, this available on the website. So, um, this available on the website. So, um, this video is actually sponsored by video is actually sponsored by video is actually sponsored by detailersmarket.com. I should have said detailersmarket.com. I should have said detailersmarket.com. I should have said that early, but I'm just I'm just new to that early, but I'm just I'm just new to that early, but I'm just I'm just new to all of this. So, this our front panel. all of this. So, this our front panel. all of this. So, this our front panel. You see what we have here? This our You see what we have here? This our You see what we have here? This our front panel. So, the next thing is going front panel. So, the next thing is going front panel. So, the next thing is going to be to cut out the back panel. Let's to be to cut out the back panel. Let's to be to cut out the back panel. Let's jump into that. So, basically, you just jump into that. So, basically, you just jump into that. So, basically, you just have to fold your fabric exactly with have to fold your fabric exactly with have to fold your fabric exactly with your body circumference. That's how I your body circumference. That's how I your body circumference. That's how I fold this back panel. you know you're fold this back panel. you know you're fold this back panel. you know you're cutting it in double. I believe you cutting it in double. I believe you cutting it in double. I believe you already understand all of these already understand all of these already understand all of these fundamentals. So after that, I'm going fundamentals. So after that, I'm going fundamentals. So after that, I'm going to place my front panel on top of it. to place my front panel on top of it. to place my front panel on top of it. Make sure it's aligned very well. Make Make sure it's aligned very well. Make Make sure it's aligned very well. Make sure all of the edges are sync are in sure all of the edges are sync are in sure all of the edges are sync are in sync. You see that? Make sure it aligns. sync. You see that? Make sure it aligns. sync. You see that? Make sure it aligns. Well, synchronize all of the edges. Well, synchronize all of the edges. Well, synchronize all of the edges. You'll see how beautiful that is You'll see how beautiful that is You'll see how beautiful that is looking. This fabric is amazing. It's looking. This fabric is amazing. It's looking. This fabric is amazing. It's absolutely beautiful. If you put this on absolutely beautiful. If you put this on absolutely beautiful. If you put this on your body, this fabric is dope. like your body, this fabric is dope. like your body, this fabric is dope. like doop doop. So on this edge I'm going to doop doop. So on this edge I'm going to doop doop. So on this edge I'm going to have a straight line. Going to have a have a straight line. Going to have a have a straight line. Going to have a straight line to guide me. You see that? straight line to guide me. You see that? straight line to guide me. You see that? So from that edge once I have that. So So from that edge once I have that. So So from that edge once I have that. So now the next thing is to determine the now the next thing is to determine the now the next thing is to determine the depth of the back neck because it's not depth of the back neck because it's not depth of the back neck because it's not going to be as high as that. That's to going to be as high as that. That's to going to be as high as that. That's to be a little bit a little bit inward. be a little bit a little bit inward. be a little bit a little bit inward. Remember we still going to stitch out Remember we still going to stitch out Remember we still going to stitch out the shoulder. Maybe like a quarter of an the shoulder. Maybe like a quarter of an the shoulder. Maybe like a quarter of an inch on that area. Don't forget. So that inch on that area. Don't forget. So that inch on that area. Don't forget. So that quarter of an inch you're stitching out quarter of an inch you're stitching out quarter of an inch you're stitching out on the shoulder, you're going to deepen on the shoulder, you're going to deepen on the shoulder, you're going to deepen the neck, the back panel at that same the neck, the back panel at that same the neck, the back panel at that same range. So that when you do all of the range. So that when you do all of the range. So that when you do all of the joining, you're still going to have your joining, you're still going to have your joining, you're still going to have your collar high like that. So after collar high like that. So after collar high like that. So after subtracting that, you're going to subtracting that, you're going to subtracting that, you're going to connect it all the way back to the neck. connect it all the way back to the neck. connect it all the way back to the neck. You see that? Just quarter of an inch is You see that? Just quarter of an inch is You see that? Just quarter of an inch is what we depart what we depart what we depart of an inch from there. of an inch from there. of an inch from there. So the next thing now, you're using So the next thing now, you're using So the next thing now, you're using exactly the same shoulder. So the next exactly the same shoulder. So the next exactly the same shoulder. So the next thing now is going to be the arm hole. thing now is going to be the arm hole. thing now is going to be the arm hole. I'm going to come out by quarter of an I'm going to come out by quarter of an I'm going to come out by quarter of an inch on the arm O for the back panel as inch on the arm O for the back panel as inch on the arm O for the back panel as well. And I'm going to reshape that. So well. And I'm going to reshape that. So well. And I'm going to reshape that. So from the joining of the shoulder from the joining of the shoulder from the joining of the shoulder all the way to the arm hole. You can see you can see just mark that place out you can see just mark that place out you can see just mark that place out so that the arm area is firm and is so that the arm area is firm and is so that the arm area is firm and is straight. You can see that. straight. You can see that. straight. You can see that. So now the next thing is to simply cut So now the next thing is to simply cut So now the next thing is to simply cut it out. You're not doing too much on the it out. You're not doing too much on the it out. You're not doing too much on the back panel. Just from here. You see back panel. Just from here. You see back panel. Just from here. You see that? Just cut it out. Just cut it out. Just cut it out. You see that? You see that? You see that? And from here as well, And from here as well, And from here as well, you cut it out. you cut it out. you cut it out. So on that arm O, don't forget we So on that arm O, don't forget we So on that arm O, don't forget we already come out by a quarter of an inch already come out by a quarter of an inch already come out by a quarter of an inch from that area. from that area. from that area. You see? So you just have to simply cut You see? So you just have to simply cut You see? So you just have to simply cut it in line. You see that? it in line. You see that? it in line. You see that? Very simple, very demure, very Very simple, very demure, very Very simple, very demure, very beautiful. And you just have to follow beautiful. And you just have to follow beautiful. And you just have to follow that other side, the pattern side, and that other side, the pattern side, and that other side, the pattern side, and just simply cut it out. So that is how just simply cut it out. So that is how just simply cut it out. So that is how to cut a buildup collar neck step by to cut a buildup collar neck step by to cut a buildup collar neck step by step. I don't think there's any part of step. I don't think there's any part of step. I don't think there's any part of this video that you will tell me that this video that you will tell me that this video that you will tell me that you do not understand because I try my you do not understand because I try my you do not understand because I try my possible best to make it self and possible best to make it self and possible best to make it self and visually explanatory and understanding. visually explanatory and understanding. visually explanatory and understanding. So this is everything you need to know So this is everything you need to know So this is everything you need to know about how to cut this neck and this is about how to cut this neck and this is about how to cut this neck and this is the final results that you will be the final results that you will be the final results that you will be having. So the next thing is going to be having. So the next thing is going to be having. So the next thing is going to be the sewing. If you can try this out the sewing. If you can try this out the sewing. If you can try this out yourself, I would love you to share the yourself, I would love you to share the yourself, I would love you to share the results that you're going to get in our results that you're going to get in our results that you're going to get in our Telegram group or our WhatsApp group. A Telegram group or our WhatsApp group. A Telegram group or our WhatsApp group. A link is also going to be below. That link is also going to be below. That link is also going to be below. That will be about this video. Give it a like will be about this video. Give it a like will be about this video. Give it a like and I will see you on the next one. and I will see you on the next one. and I will see you on the next one. Peace out.