I went home. I told mom.
I said I want a younger brother. She is saying go and
tell Papa. I went to Papa. I said I
want a younger brother. He is saying go and
tell your mother. I said you both want to have sex.
Why are you keeping me in foreplay
?
[Applause] Don't
worry, Guys. After this we will
not make any jokes on parents and sex. Because
someone had done it. A show came.
I don't have a podcast channel to fall back on.
My name is Trisha and I
am from Bhopal. Do you know Bhopal?
What do you know about Bhopal?
People immediately say gas tragedy, gas tragedy.
I have never seen a person saying
that I am from Bombay and then calling him
261.
Sir, yes, I saw that Bhopal is called the City of Lakes. We
know it is a very
beautiful city. The problem is sir, Udaipur
is also called the city of lakes. I have a
friend who took me to Udaipur once. She is
saying give it to me, this is Lake Pichola. Lake Fateh
Sagar. There is Ghangor Ghat. Kings and Maharajas used to
come here. We have our culture and history. Then she did
not take him to Bhopal. [laughter] Do
you know what's there in Bhopal? Landia
Pond.
This is how the names of our ponds are. If it is big then it is a
big pond, if it is small then it is a small pond,
take Landiya pond,
he does not feel like saying India. I myself have not gone till date due to fear.
What will I take him with? What should
I say? What did Nawab Saheb do here?
No friend, Bhopal has become
very insensitive about the gas tragedy. I know people.
I have a friend from Kanpur. One day he is
talking to me after farting in such a poisonous manner. He is saying that
you are from Bhopal. You have become used to it.
I can't hear anything against Bhopal, man. The
next day I spat paan on his face.
I said it's Kanpuri.
No no, you people know a little
about Bhopal, but not about South Bombay.
I told a girl there.
I said I am from Bhopal and she got excited.
Saying oh my god that is thinking. [laughter]
So like you all used to go to school and
like bullock cart and all. I said listen, I am
from Bhopal. Not from Bihar. Ok? And
I come from a very posh part of Bhopal.
Ok? It's called Shobho.
No man, Bhopal is great. There are very
creative people. You know, there we
measure distance in a different way.
I called my friend. I was going to his house.
I said listen, I am standing at this roundabout. Where to go
from here? He is saying she is
standing at the roundabout. My house is two urine streams away from there.
What kind of SI unit is that? I said
when did you measure it? And how do I measure it now?
Yes, I said, only boys will be
able to come from your house like this. [laughter] I said,
tell me one thing, what is the distance between Bhopal and Gurgaon
? He is saying two kidneys one
bladder. No no very nice.
Sir, why are you sitting here pretending to be my uncle
? You are looking very cute with your
hands tied like this. That you will
give me an envelope of ₹1100 right now, just like that. Are
you angry, the cheese is made badly, sir? [laughter]
Sir, you were not offended? No, Fuuki uncle?
No sir, you know that people are getting offended very quickly
these days. Very soon on Instagram.
I had put a reel in which I
called my aunt Kaleshi. I didn't
know that India's aunt would get offended. You want to
come to my comment section and create a ruckus. She is
writing that you are also someone's aunt.
Not all aunts are like this. Ok. #G Not
All Bua.
#BuaIfMatter.
Some bastard sir wrote pardon my French and some
bastard aunt wrote it in my comment
section and went away.
My own aunt is commenting next. Yes yes yes I am
thinking about it.
Uncle is writing hilarious.
Like give me a chair. If your aunt is bad.
Aunts are turning out to be very bad these days brother.
Mine is so bad. It looks like
I ordered it from Zepto. Yeah, they're not even giving refunds
[laughs]. It's very bad, friend. You
know I am a single child. I
never asked for a younger sister out of fear that she might become like my
aunt. It is so difficult to be a
single child in India.
Is anyone among you a single child?
See, how few of us are in the minority.
Everyone's parents have made a backup. It is so
difficult that people judge. Do you
know? Not me, mom and dad do it.
That look, the other new and
aunty has come and is saying anything. An aunty
came to me. She said, son, you must be a little spoiled.
I said aunty, I am a single
child. I am not a lesbian." She is
not saying that single children are very papered.
I said aunty I am a middle class
single child. Neither do I have pampers nor huggies nor does my
mother even support me. My
family used to make me wear cotton diapers. [laughs] One aunty crossed all
limits. She said son you are such a big thing.
I said aunty she is saying friend it is a very
good word. It starts with 'u'.
I am not able to remember. I said aunty she is saying 'unique' with 'u', no no
unwanted.
I think the only good thing about being a
single child is that all the property is mine.
" [laughter]
All the property is mine. Yesterday I went to my father's.
I said now you have also reached your age.
Transfer the property in my name.
He said two such words that my mind went crazy.
Which property are you talking about? [laughter]
I said Baba, it was our property. Where did it
go? They are saying that aunt took it away. This is a
very wrong thing. Friend, if you were younger,
you would not have known that there is such a thing as siblings.
One day my friend went
home. I went there and saw. So
I said God has given him a free small servant.
I asked, where did you get this toy from
? She is saying this. My mother has
personally made this for me. For my service
I said this is a very good scheme. I went home.
I told mom. I said I
want a younger brother. She is saying go and tell Papa.
I went to Papa. I said I want a younger brother. He is
saying go and tell your mother. I
said you both want to have sex.
Why are you keeping me in foreplay?
[Applause] Don't
worry, Guys. After this we will
not make any jokes on parents and sex because
someone made it happen. A show came.
I don't have a podcast channel to fall back on.
No, my father should have given me a younger and elder brother and a sister. Isn't it
?
Because I think having elder siblings is a
very wholesome thing. They sometimes
act as your second parents. Our
situation is just the opposite. My mom and dad are behaving like brother and sister.
Yes,
my mom is eating the chocolate kept in the fridge. I am
fighting with my father over the remote. One day
I was late in coming home. My father is
standing at the gate and dancing. I
asked what happened? So he started singing. He is saying,
son, I am afraid. You are sure to be beaten.
Both of us went inside. Mom hit both of them
one by one. [laughs]
Dad takes a lot of material, my friend. Let me
tell you. My father is a TC in the Railways.
He thinks he is an IAS officer.
One day we were going by car and an
accident happened. He got very angry
and told the person in front of him that you know
I am a TC in the Railways. He stopped mid-swear. He is
saying that we are still on the road. [laughter]
Brother, will you book a ticket? I
came to Delhi. I also said it once during a fight.
I said, don't you know who my father is?
He knew.
Well, now it is the same, Papa eats Poha Jalebi in the name of bribe.
His stomach became so big after eating Poha Jalebi. One day he
came home. My mother started asking while caressing his stomach. She is
saying and Pathak ji, how many
months have passed? I thought it was good news. Younger
brother is about to come. I think my father is
very angry. The hospital is because
I am a single child. Because I cannot be
compared with anyone. Hey guys, are you
guys judging me
for cracking jokes on my father? No, I feel like that. There's nothing like that, guys.
I love my father
very much. In fact, I was small.
I told my mother. I said,
you don't know how nice Papa is. I
talk to everyone as sister.
Mom is saying, son, he doesn't call me sister.
No, friend, he is just angry about this. You
know I am a single child. I
cannot be compared to anyone. And by God's grace,
friends, she is my cousin. He has made me do such work
that my typical Indian middle class
father can make me do anything. I
cannot be disappointed with him. Let me
tell you. My sister got her gender changed. It cost
₹ lakhs. She
was Riya, now she has become Riyansh.
He has got two small parts installed.
I have a lot of fun with him, you know, now
he is undergoing pilot training, so
whenever I meet him I ask him, and have you changed the
cockpit? He is saying to
me, friend, don't talk nonsense today.
I said, why are you getting angry,
friend, let's go to my friend's house, we will
enjoy. He is saying, where is your friend's
house, it is right here on the two-piss stream. He is
saying, what will I do by going there? I said,
you will measure it. [Laughter]
Come on guys, that's no time, you have been a
wonderful audience.
Hum
