I went home.  I told mom. I went home.  I told mom. I went home.  I told mom. I said I want a younger brother.  She is saying go and I said I want a younger brother.  She is saying go and I said I want a younger brother.  She is saying go and tell Papa.  I went to Papa.  I said I tell Papa.  I went to Papa.  I said I tell Papa.  I went to Papa.  I said I want a younger brother.  He is saying go and want a younger brother.  He is saying go and want a younger brother.  He is saying go and tell your mother.  I said you both want to have sex. tell your mother.  I said you both want to have sex. tell your mother.  I said you both want to have sex. Why are you keeping me in foreplay Why are you keeping me in foreplay Why are you keeping me in foreplay ? [Applause] Don't [Applause] Don't [Applause] Don't worry, Guys.  After this we will worry, Guys.  After this we will worry, Guys.  After this we will not make any jokes on parents and sex.  Because not make any jokes on parents and sex.  Because not make any jokes on parents and sex.  Because someone had done it.  A show came. I don't have a podcast channel to fall back on. I don't have a podcast channel to fall back on. I don't have a podcast channel to fall back on. My name is Trisha and I My name is Trisha and I My name is Trisha and I am from Bhopal.  Do you know Bhopal? am from Bhopal.  Do you know Bhopal? am from Bhopal.  Do you know Bhopal? What do you know about Bhopal? What do you know about Bhopal? People immediately say gas tragedy, gas tragedy. People immediately say gas tragedy, gas tragedy. People immediately say gas tragedy, gas tragedy. I have never seen a person saying I have never seen a person saying I have never seen a person saying that I am from Bombay and then calling him that I am from Bombay and then calling him that I am from Bombay and then calling him 261. 261. 261. Sir, yes, I saw that Bhopal is called the City of Lakes.  We Sir, yes, I saw that Bhopal is called the City of Lakes.  We Sir, yes, I saw that Bhopal is called the City of Lakes.  We know it is a very know it is a very know it is a very beautiful city.  The problem is sir, Udaipur beautiful city.  The problem is sir, Udaipur beautiful city.  The problem is sir, Udaipur is also called the city of lakes.  I have a is also called the city of lakes.  I have a is also called the city of lakes.  I have a friend who took me to Udaipur once.   She is friend who took me to Udaipur once.   She is friend who took me to Udaipur once.   She is saying give it to me, this is Lake Pichola.  Lake Fateh saying give it to me, this is Lake Pichola.  Lake Fateh saying give it to me, this is Lake Pichola.  Lake Fateh Sagar.  There is Ghangor Ghat.  Kings and Maharajas used to Sagar.  There is Ghangor Ghat.  Kings and Maharajas used to Sagar.  There is Ghangor Ghat.  Kings and Maharajas used to come here.  We have our culture and history.  Then she did come here.  We have our culture and history.  Then she did come here.  We have our culture and history.  Then she did not take him to Bhopal.  [laughter] Do not take him to Bhopal.  [laughter] Do not take him to Bhopal.  [laughter] Do you know what's there in Bhopal?  Landia you know what's there in Bhopal?  Landia you know what's there in Bhopal?  Landia Pond. Pond. Pond. This is how the names of our ponds are.  If it is big then it is a This is how the names of our ponds are.  If it is big then it is a This is how the names of our ponds are.  If it is big then it is a big pond, if it is small then it is a small pond, big pond, if it is small then it is a small pond, big pond, if it is small then it is a small pond, take Landiya pond, take Landiya pond, take Landiya pond, he does not feel like saying India.  I myself have not gone till date due to fear. he does not feel like saying India.  I myself have not gone till date due to fear. he does not feel like saying India.  I myself have not gone till date due to fear. What will I take him with?  What should What will I take him with?  What should What will I take him with?  What should I say?  What did Nawab Saheb do here? No friend, Bhopal has become No friend, Bhopal has become No friend, Bhopal has become very insensitive about the gas tragedy.  I know people. very insensitive about the gas tragedy.  I know people. very insensitive about the gas tragedy.  I know people. I have a friend from Kanpur.  One day he is I have a friend from Kanpur.  One day he is I have a friend from Kanpur.  One day he is talking to me after farting in such a poisonous manner.  He is saying that talking to me after farting in such a poisonous manner.  He is saying that talking to me after farting in such a poisonous manner.  He is saying that you are from Bhopal.  You have become used to it. you are from Bhopal.  You have become used to it. I can't hear anything against Bhopal, man.   The I can't hear anything against Bhopal, man.   The I can't hear anything against Bhopal, man.   The next day I spat paan on his face. next day I spat paan on his face. next day I spat paan on his face. I said it's Kanpuri. I said it's Kanpuri. I said it's Kanpuri. No no, you people know a little No no, you people know a little No no, you people know a little about Bhopal, but not about South Bombay. about Bhopal, but not about South Bombay. about Bhopal, but not about South Bombay. I told a girl there. I told a girl there. I told a girl there. I said I am from Bhopal and she got excited. I said I am from Bhopal and she got excited. I said I am from Bhopal and she got excited. Saying oh my god that is thinking.  [laughter] So like you all used to go to school and So like you all used to go to school and So like you all used to go to school and like bullock cart and all.  I said listen, I am like bullock cart and all.  I said listen, I am like bullock cart and all.  I said listen, I am from Bhopal.  Not from Bihar.  Ok?  And from Bhopal.  Not from Bihar.  Ok?  And from Bhopal.  Not from Bihar.  Ok?  And I come from a very posh part of Bhopal. I come from a very posh part of Bhopal. I come from a very posh part of Bhopal. Ok?  It's called Shobho. Ok?  It's called Shobho. Ok?  It's called Shobho. No man, Bhopal is great.  There are very No man, Bhopal is great.  There are very No man, Bhopal is great.  There are very creative people.  You know, there we creative people.  You know, there we creative people.  You know, there we measure distance in a different way. measure distance in a different way. measure distance in a different way. I called my friend.  I was going to his house. I called my friend.  I was going to his house. I called my friend.  I was going to his house. I said listen, I am standing at this roundabout.  Where to go I said listen, I am standing at this roundabout.  Where to go I said listen, I am standing at this roundabout.  Where to go from here?  He is saying she is from here?  He is saying she is from here?  He is saying she is standing at the roundabout.  My house is two urine streams away from there. standing at the roundabout.  My house is two urine streams away from there. What kind of SI unit is that?  I said What kind of SI unit is that?  I said What kind of SI unit is that?  I said when did you measure it?  And how do I measure it now? when did you measure it?  And how do I measure it now? when did you measure it?  And how do I measure it now? Yes, I said, only boys will be Yes, I said, only boys will be Yes, I said, only boys will be able to come from your house like this.  [laughter] I said, able to come from your house like this.  [laughter] I said, able to come from your house like this.  [laughter] I said, tell me one thing, what is the distance between Bhopal and Gurgaon tell me one thing, what is the distance between Bhopal and Gurgaon tell me one thing, what is the distance between Bhopal and Gurgaon ?  He is saying two kidneys one ?  He is saying two kidneys one ?  He is saying two kidneys one bladder.   No no very nice. bladder.   No no very nice. bladder.   No no very nice. Sir, why are you sitting here pretending to be my uncle Sir, why are you sitting here pretending to be my uncle Sir, why are you sitting here pretending to be my uncle ?  You are looking very cute with your ?  You are looking very cute with your ?  You are looking very cute with your hands tied like this.  That you will hands tied like this.  That you will hands tied like this.  That you will give me an envelope of ₹1100 right now, just like that.   Are give me an envelope of ₹1100 right now, just like that.   Are give me an envelope of ₹1100 right now, just like that.   Are you angry, the cheese is made badly, sir?  [laughter] you angry, the cheese is made badly, sir?  [laughter] you angry, the cheese is made badly, sir?  [laughter] Sir, you were not offended?  No, Fuuki uncle? Sir, you were not offended?  No, Fuuki uncle? Sir, you were not offended?  No, Fuuki uncle? No sir, you know that people are getting offended very quickly No sir, you know that people are getting offended very quickly No sir, you know that people are getting offended very quickly these days.  Very soon on Instagram. these days.  Very soon on Instagram. these days.  Very soon on Instagram. I had put a reel in which I I had put a reel in which I I had put a reel in which I called my aunt Kaleshi.  I didn't called my aunt Kaleshi.  I didn't called my aunt Kaleshi.  I didn't know that India's aunt would get offended.   You want to know that India's aunt would get offended.   You want to know that India's aunt would get offended.   You want to come to my comment section and create a ruckus.   She is come to my comment section and create a ruckus.   She is come to my comment section and create a ruckus.   She is writing that you are also someone's aunt. writing that you are also someone's aunt. writing that you are also someone's aunt. Not all aunts are like this.  Ok.  #G Not Not all aunts are like this.  Ok.  #G Not Not all aunts are like this.  Ok.  #G Not All Bua. All Bua. All Bua. #BuaIfMatter. #BuaIfMatter. #BuaIfMatter. Some bastard sir wrote pardon my French and some Some bastard sir wrote pardon my French and some Some bastard sir wrote pardon my French and some bastard aunt wrote it in my comment bastard aunt wrote it in my comment bastard aunt wrote it in my comment section and went away. section and went away. section and went away. My own aunt is commenting next.  Yes yes yes I am My own aunt is commenting next.  Yes yes yes I am My own aunt is commenting next.  Yes yes yes I am thinking about it. Uncle is writing hilarious. Uncle is writing hilarious. Uncle is writing hilarious. Like give me a chair.  If your aunt is bad. Like give me a chair.  If your aunt is bad. Like give me a chair.  If your aunt is bad. Aunts are turning out to be very bad these days brother. Aunts are turning out to be very bad these days brother. Aunts are turning out to be very bad these days brother. Mine is so bad.  It looks like Mine is so bad.  It looks like Mine is so bad.  It looks like I ordered it from Zepto.  Yeah, they're not even giving refunds I ordered it from Zepto.  Yeah, they're not even giving refunds I ordered it from Zepto.  Yeah, they're not even giving refunds [laughs].  It's very bad, friend.  You [laughs].  It's very bad, friend.  You [laughs].  It's very bad, friend.  You know I am a single child.  I know I am a single child.  I know I am a single child.  I never asked for a younger sister out of fear that she might become like my never asked for a younger sister out of fear that she might become like my never asked for a younger sister out of fear that she might become like my aunt.  It is so difficult to be a aunt.  It is so difficult to be a aunt.  It is so difficult to be a single child in India. single child in India. single child in India. Is anyone among you a single child? Is anyone among you a single child? Is anyone among you a single child? See, how few of us are in the minority. See, how few of us are in the minority. See, how few of us are in the minority. Everyone's parents have made a backup.  It is so Everyone's parents have made a backup.  It is so Everyone's parents have made a backup.  It is so difficult that people judge.  Do you difficult that people judge.  Do you difficult that people judge.  Do you know?  Not me, mom and dad do it. know?  Not me, mom and dad do it. know?  Not me, mom and dad do it. That look, the other new and aunty has come and is saying anything.  An aunty aunty has come and is saying anything.  An aunty aunty has come and is saying anything.  An aunty came to me.  She said, son, you must be a little spoiled. came to me.  She said, son, you must be a little spoiled. came to me.  She said, son, you must be a little spoiled. I said aunty, I am a single I said aunty, I am a single I said aunty, I am a single child.  I am not a lesbian." She is child.  I am not a lesbian." She is child.  I am not a lesbian." She is not saying that single children are very papered. not saying that single children are very papered. not saying that single children are very papered. I said aunty I am a middle class I said aunty I am a middle class I said aunty I am a middle class single child. Neither do I have pampers nor huggies nor does my single child. Neither do I have pampers nor huggies nor does my single child. Neither do I have pampers nor huggies nor does my mother even support me. My mother even support me. My mother even support me. My family used to make me wear cotton diapers. [laughs] One aunty crossed all family used to make me wear cotton diapers. [laughs] One aunty crossed all family used to make me wear cotton diapers. [laughs] One aunty crossed all limits. She said son you are such a big thing. limits. She said son you are such a big thing. limits. She said son you are such a big thing. I said aunty she is saying friend it is a very I said aunty she is saying friend it is a very I said aunty she is saying friend it is a very good word. It starts with 'u'. good word. It starts with 'u'. good word. It starts with 'u'. I am not able to remember. I said aunty she is saying 'unique' with 'u', no no I am not able to remember. I said aunty she is saying 'unique' with 'u', no no I am not able to remember. I said aunty she is saying 'unique' with 'u', no no unwanted. unwanted. unwanted. I think the only good thing about being a I think the only good thing about being a I think the only good thing about being a single child is that all the property is mine. single child is that all the property is mine. single child is that all the property is mine. "  [laughter] "  [laughter] "  [laughter] All the property is mine.  Yesterday I went to my father's. All the property is mine.  Yesterday I went to my father's. All the property is mine.  Yesterday I went to my father's. I said now you have also reached your age. I said now you have also reached your age. I said now you have also reached your age. Transfer the property in my name. Transfer the property in my name. Transfer the property in my name. He said two such words that my mind went crazy. He said two such words that my mind went crazy. He said two such words that my mind went crazy. Which property are you talking about?  [laughter] I said Baba, it was our property.  Where did it I said Baba, it was our property.  Where did it I said Baba, it was our property.  Where did it go?  They are saying that aunt took it away.   This is a very wrong thing.  Friend, if you were younger, very wrong thing.  Friend, if you were younger, very wrong thing.  Friend, if you were younger, you would not have known that there is such a thing as siblings. you would not have known that there is such a thing as siblings. you would not have known that there is such a thing as siblings. One day my friend went One day my friend went One day my friend went home.  I went there and saw.  So home.  I went there and saw.  So home.  I went there and saw.  So I said God has given him a free small servant. I said God has given him a free small servant. I said God has given him a free small servant. I asked, where did you get this toy from I asked, where did you get this toy from I asked, where did you get this toy from ?  She is saying this.  My mother has ?  She is saying this.  My mother has ?  She is saying this.  My mother has personally made this for me.  For my service personally made this for me.  For my service personally made this for me.  For my service I said this is a very good scheme.  I went home. I said this is a very good scheme.  I went home. I said this is a very good scheme.  I went home. I told mom.  I said I I told mom.  I said I I told mom.  I said I want a younger brother.  She is saying go and tell Papa. want a younger brother.  She is saying go and tell Papa. want a younger brother.  She is saying go and tell Papa. I went to Papa.  I said I want a younger brother.  He is I went to Papa.  I said I want a younger brother.  He is I went to Papa.  I said I want a younger brother.  He is saying go and tell your mother.  I saying go and tell your mother.  I saying go and tell your mother.  I said you both want to have sex. said you both want to have sex. said you both want to have sex. Why are you keeping me in foreplay? [Applause] Don't [Applause] Don't [Applause] Don't worry, Guys.  After this we will worry, Guys.  After this we will worry, Guys.  After this we will not make any jokes on parents and sex because not make any jokes on parents and sex because not make any jokes on parents and sex because someone made it happen.  A show came. someone made it happen.  A show came. someone made it happen.  A show came. I don't have a podcast channel to fall back on. I don't have a podcast channel to fall back on. No, my father should have given me a younger and elder brother and a sister.  Isn't it No, my father should have given me a younger and elder brother and a sister.  Isn't it No, my father should have given me a younger and elder brother and a sister.  Isn't it ? ? ? Because I think having elder siblings is a Because I think having elder siblings is a Because I think having elder siblings is a very wholesome thing.  They sometimes very wholesome thing.  They sometimes very wholesome thing.  They sometimes act as your second parents.  Our act as your second parents.  Our act as your second parents.  Our situation is just the opposite.  My mom and dad are behaving like brother and sister. situation is just the opposite.  My mom and dad are behaving like brother and sister. situation is just the opposite.  My mom and dad are behaving like brother and sister. Yes, Yes, Yes, my mom is eating the chocolate kept in the fridge.  I am my mom is eating the chocolate kept in the fridge.  I am my mom is eating the chocolate kept in the fridge.  I am fighting with my father over the remote.  One day fighting with my father over the remote.  One day fighting with my father over the remote.  One day I was late in coming home.  My father is I was late in coming home.  My father is I was late in coming home.  My father is standing at the gate and dancing.  I standing at the gate and dancing.  I standing at the gate and dancing.  I asked what happened?  So he started singing.  He is saying, asked what happened?  So he started singing.  He is saying, asked what happened?  So he started singing.  He is saying, son, I am afraid.  You are sure to be beaten. son, I am afraid.  You are sure to be beaten. son, I am afraid.  You are sure to be beaten. Both of us went inside.  Mom hit both of them Both of us went inside.  Mom hit both of them Both of us went inside.  Mom hit both of them one by one.  [laughs] one by one.  [laughs] one by one.  [laughs] Dad takes a lot of material, my friend.  Let me Dad takes a lot of material, my friend.  Let me Dad takes a lot of material, my friend.  Let me tell you.  My father is a TC in the Railways. tell you.  My father is a TC in the Railways. tell you.  My father is a TC in the Railways. He thinks he is an IAS officer. He thinks he is an IAS officer. He thinks he is an IAS officer. One day we were going by car and an One day we were going by car and an One day we were going by car and an accident happened.  He got very angry accident happened.  He got very angry accident happened.  He got very angry and told the person in front of him that you know and told the person in front of him that you know and told the person in front of him that you know I am a TC in the Railways.  He stopped mid-swear.   He is I am a TC in the Railways.  He stopped mid-swear.   He is saying that we are still on the road.  [laughter] saying that we are still on the road.  [laughter] saying that we are still on the road.  [laughter] Brother, will you book a ticket?  I Brother, will you book a ticket?  I Brother, will you book a ticket?  I came to Delhi.  I also said it once during a fight. came to Delhi.  I also said it once during a fight. came to Delhi.  I also said it once during a fight. I said, don't you know who my father is? I said, don't you know who my father is? I said, don't you know who my father is? He knew. He knew. He knew. Well, now it is the same, Papa eats Poha Jalebi in the name of bribe. Well, now it is the same, Papa eats Poha Jalebi in the name of bribe. His stomach became so big after eating Poha Jalebi.  One day he His stomach became so big after eating Poha Jalebi.  One day he His stomach became so big after eating Poha Jalebi.  One day he came home.  My mother started asking while caressing his stomach.  She is came home.  My mother started asking while caressing his stomach.  She is came home.  My mother started asking while caressing his stomach.  She is saying and Pathak ji, how many saying and Pathak ji, how many saying and Pathak ji, how many months have passed?  I thought it was good news.  Younger months have passed?  I thought it was good news.  Younger months have passed?  I thought it was good news.  Younger brother is about to come.  I think my father is brother is about to come.  I think my father is brother is about to come.  I think my father is very angry.  The hospital is because very angry.  The hospital is because very angry.  The hospital is because I am a single child.  Because I cannot be I am a single child.  Because I cannot be I am a single child.  Because I cannot be compared with anyone.  Hey guys, are you compared with anyone.  Hey guys, are you compared with anyone.  Hey guys, are you guys judging me guys judging me guys judging me for cracking jokes on my father?  No, I feel like that.  There's nothing like that, guys. for cracking jokes on my father?  No, I feel like that.  There's nothing like that, guys. for cracking jokes on my father?  No, I feel like that.  There's nothing like that, guys. I love my father I love my father I love my father very much.  In fact, I was small. very much.  In fact, I was small. very much.  In fact, I was small. I told my mother.  I said, I told my mother.  I said, I told my mother.  I said, you don't know how nice Papa is.   I you don't know how nice Papa is.   I you don't know how nice Papa is.   I talk to everyone as sister. talk to everyone as sister. talk to everyone as sister. Mom is saying, son, he doesn't call me sister. Mom is saying, son, he doesn't call me sister. Mom is saying, son, he doesn't call me sister. No, friend, he is just angry about this.   You No, friend, he is just angry about this.   You No, friend, he is just angry about this.   You know I am a single child.  I know I am a single child.  I know I am a single child.  I cannot be compared to anyone.  And by God's grace, cannot be compared to anyone.  And by God's grace, cannot be compared to anyone.  And by God's grace, friends, she is my cousin.  He has made me do such work friends, she is my cousin.  He has made me do such work friends, she is my cousin.  He has made me do such work that my typical Indian middle class that my typical Indian middle class that my typical Indian middle class father can make me do anything.  I father can make me do anything.  I father can make me do anything.  I cannot be disappointed with him.  Let me cannot be disappointed with him.  Let me cannot be disappointed with him.  Let me tell you.  My sister got her gender changed.   It cost tell you.  My sister got her gender changed.   It cost ₹ lakhs.   She ₹ lakhs.   She ₹ lakhs.   She was Riya, now she has become Riyansh. was Riya, now she has become Riyansh. was Riya, now she has become Riyansh. He has got two small parts installed. I have a lot of fun with him, you know, now I have a lot of fun with him, you know, now I have a lot of fun with him, you know, now he is undergoing pilot training, so he is undergoing pilot training, so he is undergoing pilot training, so whenever I meet him I ask him, and have you changed the whenever I meet him I ask him, and have you changed the whenever I meet him I ask him, and have you changed the cockpit? He is saying to me, friend, don't talk nonsense today. me, friend, don't talk nonsense today. me, friend, don't talk nonsense today. I said, why are you getting angry, I said, why are you getting angry, I said, why are you getting angry, friend, let's go to my friend's house, we will friend, let's go to my friend's house, we will friend, let's go to my friend's house, we will enjoy. He is saying, where is your friend's enjoy. He is saying, where is your friend's enjoy. He is saying, where is your friend's house, it is right here on the two-piss stream. He is house, it is right here on the two-piss stream. He is house, it is right here on the two-piss stream. He is saying, what will I do by going there? I said, saying, what will I do by going there? I said, saying, what will I do by going there? I said, you will measure it. [Laughter] you will measure it. [Laughter] you will measure it. [Laughter] Come on guys, that's no time, you have been a Come on guys, that's no time, you have been a Come on guys, that's no time, you have been a wonderful audience. wonderful audience. wonderful audience. Hum