Hi guys, it's me again, Clara, and Hi guys, it's me again, Clara, and Hi guys, it's me again, Clara, and welcome to my YouTube channel, Clara welcome to my YouTube channel, Clara welcome to my YouTube channel, Clara Trump. Trump. Trump. And by the way guys, um I would like to And by the way guys, um I would like to And by the way guys, um I would like to request and please watch, like and request and please watch, like and request and please watch, like and subscribe to my YouTube channel. Please subscribe to my YouTube channel. Please subscribe to my YouTube channel. Please also follow me and my Facebook, um also follow me and my Facebook, um also follow me and my Facebook, um Instagram, Twitter, also here in my YT Instagram, Twitter, also here in my YT Instagram, Twitter, also here in my YT channel. Um always remember it's Clara channel. Um always remember it's Clara channel. Um always remember it's Clara Champurado. Y lang. You can see me there Champurado. Y lang. You can see me there Champurado. Y lang. You can see me there now. Okay. And stay tuned pala guys cuz now. Okay. And stay tuned pala guys cuz now. Okay. And stay tuned pala guys cuz we're going to draw now our lucky pick n we're going to draw now our lucky pick n we're going to draw now our lucky pick n man worth 1,000 pesos of lasada mystery man worth 1,000 pesos of lasada mystery man worth 1,000 pesos of lasada mystery box. box. box. For tonight's video what we're going to For tonight's video what we're going to For tonight's video what we're going to do is we're going to review do is we're going to review do is we're going to review a brand of sticker. Speaking of that, um a brand of sticker. Speaking of that, um a brand of sticker. Speaking of that, um I remember this is actually my first I remember this is actually my first I remember this is actually my first speaker. This one speaker. This one speaker. This one first purchase nam husband co. Um this first purchase nam husband co. Um this first purchase nam husband co. Um this is the JBL mini. Um, is the JBL mini. Um, is the JBL mini. Um, we only use this indoor cuz the sound is we only use this indoor cuz the sound is we only use this indoor cuz the sound is not really good cuz you know it's mahina not really good cuz you know it's mahina not really good cuz you know it's mahina and then parang wala bass parang ganun and then parang wala bass parang ganun and then parang wala bass parang ganun and actually this is actually an a and actually this is actually an a and actually this is actually an a Bluetooth connectiv uh connectivity and Bluetooth connectiv uh connectivity and Bluetooth connectiv uh connectivity and then 2 years we switched to JBL charge then 2 years we switched to JBL charge then 2 years we switched to JBL charge 3. I know everyone of you are familiar 3. I know everyone of you are familiar 3. I know everyone of you are familiar with this charge uh with this speaker. with this charge uh with this speaker. with this charge uh with this speaker. This speaker is actually it's absolutely good as in super good cuz this is water good as in super good cuz this is water good as in super good cuz this is water resistant. But take note, I'm not going resistant. But take note, I'm not going resistant. But take note, I'm not going to review this this this brand. What to review this this this brand. What to review this this this brand. What we're going to do is we're going to we're going to do is we're going to we're going to do is we're going to review another brand. This is the small one and this is the This is the small one and this is the This is the small one and this is the medium. So what we're going to do is medium. So what we're going to do is medium. So what we're going to do is we're going to review a bigger one. So we're going to review a bigger one. So we're going to review a bigger one. So I'm going to put this aside I'm going to put this aside I'm going to put this aside for now. Okay. Ready guys speaker speaker speaker and meet sorry Kilbert 2. It takes me back from the pastural. Okay. So you guys are you ready now? Okay. So you guys are you ready now? Okay. So you guys are you ready now? Let's open this one now. Hey Let's open this one now. Hey Let's open this one now. Hey open open open sticker sticker sticker lock n cardboard and then ta lock n cardboard and then ta lock n cardboard and then ta open na anal talaga na bagago. talaga na bagago. talaga na bagago. Okay. First off is when you open this Okay. First off is when you open this Okay. First off is when you open this one, you have this yan. You have this one, you have this yan. You have this one, you have this yan. You have this yung ano yung ano yung ano naan para for safety naan para for safety naan para for safety item secure safe unit. item secure safe unit. item secure safe unit. And what a good thing about this And what a good thing about this And what a good thing about this dust bag. dust bag. dust bag. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. para sa para sa para sa protection sik. protection sik. protection sik. Okay, this box um this unit actually Okay, this box um this unit actually Okay, this box um this unit actually includes the item itself. It has the includes the item itself. It has the includes the item itself. It has the manual um the legal safety information manual um the legal safety information manual um the legal safety information and also the power cord here. and also the power cord here. and also the power cord here. Here's the Marshall Cilbert 3. I'm going Here's the Marshall Cilbert 3. I'm going Here's the Marshall Cilbert 3. I'm going to take out first. Here's the inclusion. to take out first. Here's the inclusion. to take out first. Here's the inclusion. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Also this one the legal and safety. Also this one the legal and safety. Also this one the legal and safety. Oh guys Oh guys Oh guys research ny na lang. Okay an cordal cordal cordal naman. naman. naman. Yeah naman. Well actually hopeful naman Yeah naman. Well actually hopeful naman Yeah naman. Well actually hopeful naman inside. inside. inside. Okay. So, let's talk about Okay. So, let's talk about Okay. So, let's talk about what's new with you. Okay. Um, this Marshall speaker is Okay. Um, this Marshall speaker is Okay. Um, this Marshall speaker is so special cuz it offers a lot of things so special cuz it offers a lot of things so special cuz it offers a lot of things like um this item is not so very migat. like um this item is not so very migat. like um this item is not so very migat. It's not magan. It's not magan. It's not magan. This is just only 2.5 kilos. This is just only 2.5 kilos. This is just only 2.5 kilos. caring caring caring like what I've mentioned I'm going to like what I've mentioned I'm going to like what I've mentioned I'm going to show it to you closely or close up speaker speaker speaker front view of this speaker you will see front view of this speaker you will see front view of this speaker you will see this um solid metal wire mesh wire nally um mini microphone and this kind of the um mini microphone and this kind of the um mini microphone and this kind of the this kind of design is to mash uh this kind of design is to mash uh this kind of design is to mash uh Marshall. At the same time, it's it Marshall. At the same time, it's it Marshall. At the same time, it's it feels like it's echoing the legacy of feels like it's echoing the legacy of feels like it's echoing the legacy of rock and roll. Not only at the front rock and roll. Not only at the front rock and roll. Not only at the front where the sound's coming from, it's also where the sound's coming from, it's also where the sound's coming from, it's also um coming from at the at the back. um coming from at the at the back. um coming from at the at the back. This speaker is actually uh a This speaker is actually uh a This speaker is actually uh a multidirectional sound. You can see on multidirectional sound. You can see on multidirectional sound. You can see on the right side the belove one that's the right side the belove one that's the right side the belove one that's also a speaker. And then on the left also a speaker. And then on the left also a speaker. And then on the left side which is looks like uh pa oblong or side which is looks like uh pa oblong or side which is looks like uh pa oblong or sorry letter v pa oblong um that is sorry letter v pa oblong um that is sorry letter v pa oblong um that is where the bass is you bass sound jang where the bass is you bass sound jang where the bass is you bass sound jang gagal. Okay when you go down you will gagal. Okay when you go down you will gagal. Okay when you go down you will see the aux there that's where you're see the aux there that's where you're see the aux there that's where you're going to um connect your jack in case going to um connect your jack in case going to um connect your jack in case that you don't want to use your your that you don't want to use your your that you don't want to use your your Bluetooth. And then on this one you will Bluetooth. And then on this one you will Bluetooth. And then on this one you will see there where a small um nakat that's see there where a small um nakat that's see there where a small um nakat that's where you're going to put your power where you're going to put your power where you're going to put your power cord par whenever you want to charge cord par whenever you want to charge cord par whenever you want to charge your speaker your speaker your speaker on the side view of this speaker you on the side view of this speaker you on the side view of this speaker you will see how elegant the look is on will see how elegant the look is on will see how elegant the look is on leather nto actually this is not a real leather nto actually this is not a real leather nto actually this is not a real leather um Kilburn 2 actually confirmed leather um Kilburn 2 actually confirmed leather um Kilburn 2 actually confirmed that there are no animal harmed on this that there are no animal harmed on this that there are no animal harmed on this product and at the same time you You product and at the same time you You product and at the same time you You will see the four um flush mounted will see the four um flush mounted will see the four um flush mounted corner cups that is uh that is parang corner cups that is uh that is parang corner cups that is uh that is parang one of their design. At the same time it one of their design. At the same time it one of their design. At the same time it secure the unit secure the unit secure the unit to any kind of um in any kind adventure to any kind of um in any kind adventure to any kind of um in any kind adventure or any adventure or any adventure or any adventure speaker top view. So y panel where top view. So y panel where top view. So y panel where okay I'm going to show it to you the okay I'm going to show it to you the okay I'm going to show it to you the closer look this one an um slowly by closer look this one an um slowly by closer look this one an um slowly by slowly you will see the panel here or slowly you will see the panel here or slowly you will see the panel here or the dials where you uh which which are the dials where you uh which which are the dials where you uh which which are the the volume the bass and the treble the the volume the bass and the treble the the volume the bass and the treble which is pretty depend which is pretty depend which is pretty depend So So So battery indicator this one I'm charging battery indicator this one I'm charging battery indicator this one I'm charging this speaker as you can see while I'm this speaker as you can see while I'm this speaker as you can see while I'm charging it charging it charging it indicator. So from one bar going to the indicator. So from one bar going to the indicator. So from one bar going to the full bar it's meaning it's charging. For your quick reference, as you can For your quick reference, as you can For your quick reference, as you can see, I used my cell phone um 11 Pro Max see, I used my cell phone um 11 Pro Max see, I used my cell phone um 11 Pro Max um as a comparison height. iPhone 11. Okay. So, now we're going to play music. Okay. So, now we're going to play music. Okay. So, now we're going to play music. This this clip edited. you will hear the This this clip edited. you will hear the This this clip edited. you will hear the exact music um or the exact sound of exact music um or the exact sound of exact music um or the exact sound of this speaker. And by the way guys um the this speaker. And by the way guys um the this speaker. And by the way guys um the the the songs of course music per I'm telling it to you guys. music per I'm telling it to you guys. music per I'm telling it to you guys. I'm really assuring you the sound is I'm really assuring you the sound is I'm really assuring you the sound is really good. So listen, I'm going to really good. So listen, I'm going to really good. So listen, I'm going to show you I'm going to give you three show you I'm going to give you three show you I'm going to give you three kinds of songs or three sounds. Good clean. Good clean. Good clean. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. N. an Phantom Marshall Private. an Phantom Marshall Private. an Phantom Marshall Private. Okay guys, since we're done in our Okay guys, since we're done in our Okay guys, since we're done in our product review, what we're going to do product review, what we're going to do product review, what we're going to do next is we're going to announce the lucky pick we're going to announce the lucky pick we're going to announce the lucky pick winner. winner. winner. Okay, I know man everyone are familiar Okay, I know man everyone are familiar Okay, I know man everyone are familiar now from our from now from our from now from our from my first video I mentioned there a n my first video I mentioned there a n my first video I mentioned there a n isang winner from the first 100 isang winner from the first 100 isang winner from the first 100 subscribers n subscribers n subscribers n channel po and right now is we're going channel po and right now is we're going channel po and right now is we're going to announce it now and thank you guys to announce it now and thank you guys to announce it now and thank you guys for always supporting me and for for always supporting me and for for always supporting me and for subscribing I already have 153 subscribing I already have 153 subscribing I already have 153 subscribers and I'm also looking forward subscribers and I'm also looking forward subscribers and I'm also looking forward I hope you guys can join me I hope you guys can join me I hope you guys can join me to road 250 subscribers naman. Okay, so to road 250 subscribers naman. Okay, so to road 250 subscribers naman. Okay, so we're going going to we're going to we're going going to we're going to we're going going to we're going to start now. Okay. start now. Okay. start now. Okay. Um what the app I'm going to use now to Um what the app I'm going to use now to Um what the app I'm going to use now to pick for the winner is you spin the pick for the winner is you spin the pick for the winner is you spin the wheel app. Um I think some of you or few wheel app. Um I think some of you or few wheel app. Um I think some of you or few of you are familiar now with this app of you are familiar now with this app of you are familiar now with this app now. So I'm not going to explain it now. So I'm not going to explain it now. So I'm not going to explain it anyway. So I'm just going to use this na anyway. So I'm just going to use this na anyway. So I'm just going to use this na lang pair to all the people or for lang pair to all the people or for lang pair to all the people or for parare those of first 100 subscribers. parare those of first 100 subscribers. parare those of first 100 subscribers. Okay Okay Okay here guys. Okay here guys. Okay here guys. Okay ba against the light ba against the light ba against the light backlight. Ayan very perfect. Okay. Um backlight. Ayan very perfect. Okay. Um backlight. Ayan very perfect. Okay. Um going to click this one now. Wait a bang. Okay guys, here I'm going to click this Okay guys, here I'm going to click this Okay guys, here I'm going to click this now. now. now. Yay! Yay! Yay! Congratulations, Raymond FG. You just Congratulations, Raymond FG. You just Congratulations, Raymond FG. You just won worth of 1,000 pesos mystery box won worth of 1,000 pesos mystery box won worth of 1,000 pesos mystery box from Lada. Please PM me or I'm going to from Lada. Please PM me or I'm going to from Lada. Please PM me or I'm going to message you message you message you details mo where I'm going to ship the details mo where I'm going to ship the details mo where I'm going to ship the item with you or where I'm going to put item with you or where I'm going to put item with you or where I'm going to put the shipping address sada the shipping address sada the shipping address sada app when I order your mystery box. But app when I order your mystery box. But app when I order your mystery box. But right after this video, I'm going to right after this video, I'm going to right after this video, I'm going to order now your mystery box. order now your mystery box. order now your mystery box.