Hi again, everyone. Uh today we're going Hi again, everyone. Uh today we're going Hi again, everyone. Uh today we're going over the um over the um over the um braces that I sell. Um this is just braces that I sell. Um this is just braces that I sell. Um this is just going to be the going to be the going to be the Micro Draco brace. I have two offerings Micro Draco brace. I have two offerings Micro Draco brace. I have two offerings um right now, which is medium and or um right now, which is medium and or um right now, which is medium and or small and then large. Um small and then large. Um small and then large. Um I don't know if you guys remember the I don't know if you guys remember the I don't know if you guys remember the original versions. Um original versions. Um original versions. Um I've refined [clears throat] them a I've refined [clears throat] them a I've refined [clears throat] them a couple of times over the months. Um couple of times over the months. Um couple of times over the months. Um First one was literally just First one was literally just First one was literally just I think it was like three parts. I had I think it was like three parts. I had I think it was like three parts. I had to screw them together and then I used to screw them together and then I used to screw them together and then I used adhesive um and then I used resin over adhesive um and then I used resin over adhesive um and then I used resin over them. Um them. Um them. Um I uh those ones were really durable, but I uh those ones were really durable, but I uh those ones were really durable, but like they just did not look very good um like they just did not look very good um like they just did not look very good um in my opinion. Um in my opinion. Um in my opinion. Um Second version um Second version um Second version um was a little bit nicer. Um it had like was a little bit nicer. Um it had like was a little bit nicer. Um it had like those little triangle decals on the those little triangle decals on the those little triangle decals on the sides. Um a little bit stronger. sides. Um a little bit stronger. sides. Um a little bit stronger. Third version um was when I had the Third version um was when I had the Third version um was when I had the plates and then I mounted them onto plates and then I mounted them onto plates and then I mounted them onto that, which is what we're on now. Um and that, which is what we're on now. Um and that, which is what we're on now. Um and I have two sizes for those. Um I have two sizes for those. Um I have two sizes for those. Um Small here. They use the exact same Small here. They use the exact same Small here. They use the exact same mounting profile as all my other Draco mounting profile as all my other Draco mounting profile as all my other Draco stuff. Um stuff. Um stuff. Um I can mount it just as an example for I can mount it just as an example for I can mount it just as an example for you guys, but this is it. Um you guys, but this is it. Um you guys, but this is it. Um And then the large the print And then the large the print And then the large the print orientation, which is manufacturing, is orientation, which is manufacturing, is orientation, which is manufacturing, is uh this way. So, it's able to take uh this way. So, it's able to take uh this way. So, it's able to take direct impacts versus just being flat. direct impacts versus just being flat. direct impacts versus just being flat. Um Um Um PLA relatively affordable. Um PLA relatively affordable. Um PLA relatively affordable. Um I want to say it's like 45 for the large I want to say it's like 45 for the large I want to say it's like 45 for the large and 30 for the small. Um and 30 for the small. Um and 30 for the small. Um However, I'm also releasing However, I'm also releasing However, I'm also releasing um a new brace, uh which is a PPAGF um a new brace, uh which is a PPAGF um a new brace, uh which is a PPAGF folding brace. Um I was initially going folding brace. Um I was initially going folding brace. Um I was initially going to use TPU for these, but uh to use TPU for these, but uh to use TPU for these, but uh I didn't like the way it flexed um I didn't like the way it flexed um I didn't like the way it flexed um specifically if you're going to be specifically if you're going to be specifically if you're going to be shooting shouldering it, which you're shooting shouldering it, which you're shooting shouldering it, which you're not supposed to, but all of you do. not supposed to, but all of you do. not supposed to, but all of you do. Um Um Um But yeah, this one is a But yeah, this one is a But yeah, this one is a the mechanism here. You're going to see the mechanism here. You're going to see the mechanism here. You're going to see it. And just folds out like this. I it. And just folds out like this. I it. And just folds out like this. I mean, it's, you know, nice and sturdy mean, it's, you know, nice and sturdy mean, it's, you know, nice and sturdy for the most part. Um for the most part. Um for the most part. Um This is not Well, th- it's going to look This is not Well, th- it's going to look This is not Well, th- it's going to look just like this, but yours is going to be just like this, but yours is going to be just like this, but yours is going to be a little more sturdy um cuz I did some a little more sturdy um cuz I did some a little more sturdy um cuz I did some refining since time that I'm going to refining since time that I'm going to refining since time that I'm going to making this video. It's going to be a making this video. It's going to be a making this video. It's going to be a little bit more uh What's this called? Um it's like What's this called? Um it's like What's this called? Um it's like the folding mechanism is going to be the folding mechanism is going to be the folding mechanism is going to be more like fluent, but it's also going to more like fluent, but it's also going to more like fluent, but it's also going to stay like a more rigid. Um stay like a more rigid. Um stay like a more rigid. Um But yeah, I can just obviously mount But yeah, I can just obviously mount But yeah, I can just obviously mount this relatively straightforward here. We this relatively straightforward here. We this relatively straightforward here. We have our uh have our uh have our uh just unscrew the just unscrew the just unscrew the bottom here. Make sure you grab the tab Make sure you grab the tab Make sure you grab the tab side. Going along here. All right. So, for the All right. So, for the All right. So, for the um PLA braces, they're just going to be um PLA braces, they're just going to be um PLA braces, they're just going to be sit on just like this. And then And then And then uh use the uh use the uh use the the screw mounts. All right. Just like this. And um I'm All right. Just like this. And um I'm All right. Just like this. And um I'm not going to reassemble it cuz it's not going to reassemble it cuz it's not going to reassemble it cuz it's unnecessary because I see here the brace unnecessary because I see here the brace unnecessary because I see here the brace um um um the arm fits right in. the arm fits right in. the arm fits right in. And then you can just pull it out one And then you can just pull it out one And then you can just pull it out one hand like that. hand like that. hand like that. Um Um Um Small one is uh Small one is uh Small one is uh same idea. Literally the same front same idea. Literally the same front same idea. Literally the same front portion. It's just a very portion. It's just a very portion. It's just a very [clears throat] low profile. [clears throat] low profile. [clears throat] low profile. Um Um Um I I I don't know how people like to shoot don't know how people like to shoot don't know how people like to shoot their guns. their guns. their guns. Um so I also don't know how big your Um so I also don't know how big your Um so I also don't know how big your arms are. So like if you're a bigger arms are. So like if you're a bigger arms are. So like if you're a bigger guy, get the bigger one. If you're guy, get the bigger one. If you're guy, get the bigger one. If you're smaller, get the smaller. But like it's smaller, get the smaller. But like it's smaller, get the smaller. But like it's I don't know. You have options. Just use I don't know. You have options. Just use I don't know. You have options. Just use your options. your options. your options. The uh The uh The uh folding brace, I'll show you guys that folding brace, I'll show you guys that folding brace, I'll show you guys that once I get this off and then going to once I get this off and then going to once I get this off and then going to place it. But uh that one has place it. But uh that one has place it. But uh that one has the fork design which I had on the the fork design which I had on the the fork design which I had on the original ones. Um My reasoning for that is the material is My reasoning for that is the material is My reasoning for that is the material is significantly stronger. significantly stronger. significantly stronger. Um Um Um The configuration I have it in is The configuration I have it in is The configuration I have it in is actually overkill for uh actually overkill for uh actually overkill for uh the the the where the weight and pressure where the weight and pressure where the weight and pressure distributions are, but it's okay. Um distributions are, but it's okay. Um distributions are, but it's okay. Um so just take your little fork. so just take your little fork. so just take your little fork. Um This one's fit is going to be tight. Um This one's fit is going to be tight. Um This one's fit is going to be tight. Um and it obviously has to be tight because and it obviously has to be tight because and it obviously has to be tight because it's a folding brace. So you don't want it's a folding brace. So you don't want it's a folding brace. So you don't want that like swinging around when you're that like swinging around when you're that like swinging around when you're going into engage. going into engage. going into engage. Uh let's see here. Okay. And here's the folding brace. And here's the folding brace. And here's the folding brace. Um Um Um Let's see the Let's see the Let's see the how it works. how it works. how it works. Folds to the left um of the brace or the Folds to the left um of the brace or the Folds to the left um of the brace or the Draco. Um it just folds like so. Draco. Um it just folds like so. Draco. Um it just folds like so. Um Um Um and then whenever you want to use it, and then whenever you want to use it, and then whenever you want to use it, just goes like back. Um same concept as just goes like back. Um same concept as just goes like back. Um same concept as the the the other two braces. Um other two braces. Um other two braces. Um Get your arm out here Get your arm out here Get your arm out here and then engage. Um and then engage. Um and then engage. Um This one's obviously a little tighter This one's obviously a little tighter This one's obviously a little tighter here, but yeah. here, but yeah. here, but yeah. Same principle. Same principle. Same principle. This one is going to be This one is going to be This one is going to be has no limitations for heat or anything has no limitations for heat or anything has no limitations for heat or anything like that. like that. like that. I figured the kind of guys who are going I figured the kind of guys who are going I figured the kind of guys who are going to be running this folded are going to to be running this folded are going to to be running this folded are going to keep it in their car or something else. keep it in their car or something else. keep it in their car or something else. So, the material's going to have to be a So, the material's going to have to be a So, the material's going to have to be a little bit more heat resistant. little bit more heat resistant. little bit more heat resistant. For something like these, the fixed For something like these, the fixed For something like these, the fixed braces, I would assume they're going to braces, I would assume they're going to braces, I would assume they're going to be used for range use or maybe you just be used for range use or maybe you just be used for range use or maybe you just like fixed braces. Personally, I like like fixed braces. Personally, I like like fixed braces. Personally, I like fixed braces. fixed braces. fixed braces. Um, Um, Um, I like the way they feel better versus I like the way they feel better versus I like the way they feel better versus the folders, but everyone has the folders, but everyone has the folders, but everyone has preferences, so I like to accommodate preferences, so I like to accommodate preferences, so I like to accommodate everyone. Um, everyone. Um, everyone. Um, Yeah, pretty straightforward. Um, Yeah, pretty straightforward. Um, Yeah, pretty straightforward. Um, if you guys have any questions, let me if you guys have any questions, let me if you guys have any questions, let me know. The know. The know. The PPA brace is probably going to be closer PPA brace is probably going to be closer PPA brace is probably going to be closer to 70, 75, which is what my braces were to 70, 75, which is what my braces were to 70, 75, which is what my braces were priced at initially. Um, priced at initially. Um, priced at initially. Um, you'll notice with all my PLA builds, you'll notice with all my PLA builds, you'll notice with all my PLA builds, um, um, um, prices have come down significantly prices have come down significantly prices have come down significantly because the cost of R&D has been because the cost of R&D has been because the cost of R&D has been subsidized by all my early adopters. So, subsidized by all my early adopters. So, subsidized by all my early adopters. So, PPA is a more expensive material, so I PPA is a more expensive material, so I PPA is a more expensive material, so I have to charge more regardless, but I've have to charge more regardless, but I've have to charge more regardless, but I've also put a lot of money in, you know, also put a lot of money in, you know, also put a lot of money in, you know, such into R&D stuff to make sure this is such into R&D stuff to make sure this is such into R&D stuff to make sure this is a good product, so it's going to a good product, so it's going to a good product, so it's going to obviously going to start at a higher obviously going to start at a higher obviously going to start at a higher price price price and then it comes down over time. and then it comes down over time. and then it comes down over time. Any questions, let me know. Otherwise, Any questions, let me know. Otherwise, Any questions, let me know. Otherwise, thank you.