Is it written in my fate to see only buffalo dung Is it written in my fate to see only buffalo dung Is it written in my fate to see only buffalo dung and father's washed clothes, and father's washed clothes, and father's washed clothes, right? Because finally I and my right? Because finally I and my right? Because finally I and my group are leaving, come group are leaving, come group are leaving, come [song voice] My dear, Ganisa, did you [song voice] My dear, Ganisa, did you [song voice] My dear, Ganisa, did you understand, that is why I have taken out the box from the top of the cupboard and understand, that is why I have taken out the box from the top of the cupboard and understand, that is why I have taken out the box from the top of the cupboard and started packing. I do started packing. I do started packing. I do n't have any clothes, you know girls, with n't have any clothes, you know girls, with n't have any clothes, you know girls, with great difficulty I got two kurtis, great difficulty I got two kurtis, great difficulty I got two kurtis, those too were loose, now I will have to fit this one. Now the those too were loose, now I will have to fit this one. Now the those too were loose, now I will have to fit this one. Now the machine is not working, so I will have to stitch it with needle and thread, machine is not working, so I will have to stitch it with needle and thread, machine is not working, so I will have to stitch it with needle and thread, but before that, as usual, I but before that, as usual, I but before that, as usual, I wash my face thoroughly and then wash my face thoroughly and then wash my face thoroughly and then wear this viral D10 mask. wear this viral D10 mask. wear this viral D10 mask. It does not contain any harmful chemicals to remove tanning. It does not contain any harmful chemicals to remove tanning. It does not contain any harmful chemicals to remove tanning. Now by the time this dries, Now by the time this dries, Now by the time this dries, my kurti will also be stitched.  Look, my kurti will also be stitched.  Look, my kurti will also be stitched.  Look, after two stitches the kurti fit perfectly.  Now let me after two stitches the kurti fit perfectly.  Now let me after two stitches the kurti fit perfectly.  Now let me wash this.  Wow, what a great wash this.  Wow, what a great wash this.  Wow, what a great result.  That's why I use this face wash daily. result.  That's why I use this face wash daily. result.  That's why I use this face wash daily. And if And if And if you also want to remove tan, then this mask is a great combo.  If you you also want to remove tan, then this mask is a great combo.  If you you also want to remove tan, then this mask is a great combo.  If you use it, tanning will completely disappear. use it, tanning will completely disappear. use it, tanning will completely disappear. I have tagged this combo. I have tagged this combo. I have tagged this combo. Also, if you want the link then comment the link. Also, if you want the link then comment the link. Also, if you want the link then comment the link. Hey, what are you saying.  My friend also came. Hey, what are you saying.  My friend also came. Hey, what are you saying.  My friend also came. Picking up the jhinta bag and look at Buddhu Dev ji and Mota Picking up the jhinta bag and look at Buddhu Dev ji and Mota Picking up the jhinta bag and look at Buddhu Dev ji and Mota Bhai, they are polishing the car. So, Bhai, they are polishing the car. So, Bhai, they are polishing the car. So, after polishing the car and keeping the jhinta bag aside, after polishing the car and keeping the jhinta bag aside, after polishing the car and keeping the jhinta bag aside, taking the blessings of the elders, we have set off taking the blessings of the elders, we have set off taking the blessings of the elders, we have set off on our new trip. Radhe-Radhe ji.