Give it up for Monica. Give it up for Monica. Give it up for Monica. Ladies and gentlemen, bring it on stage Ladies and gentlemen, bring it on stage Ladies and gentlemen, bring it on stage another calligator another calligator another calligator all the way from Abuja. He is funny. He all the way from Abuja. He is funny. He all the way from Abuja. He is funny. He is spontaneous. Are you ready? Ben city is spontaneous. Are you ready? Ben city is spontaneous. Are you ready? Ben city hero for Saki Dar. Yoo! Have a day day. I'm a day. My name is My name is My name is Eoo. >> Happy New Year. >> Happy New Year. >> Happy New Year. >> What's going on? >> What's going on? >> What's going on? My father said when they do DNA test My father said when they do DNA test My father said when they do DNA test that is why poor men they leave for God. My papa telling me say no matter how My papa telling me say no matter how My papa telling me say no matter how CCTV camera observe rich you know they CCTV camera observe rich you know they CCTV camera observe rich you know they see rich man when they come up for hotel see rich man when they come up for hotel see rich man when they come up for hotel with inside chick with inside chick with inside chick something not square something not square something not square is very sweet like stranger especially the guest like stranger especially the guest like stranger especially the guest I just I just I just treat me like treat me like treat me like And one thing when they do me for this B And one thing when they do me for this B And one thing when they do me for this B today, I will never get I go to go buy today, I will never get I go to go buy today, I will never get I go to go buy seafood or seafood or seafood or I see goat meat inside me. At one point give the woman the me. At one point give the woman the me. At one point give the woman the woman say woman say woman say when go when go when go see food now go to join. So, so waiting water can no be sequ I show You sh my deputy. my deputy. my deputy. You know why they call my deputy? You know why they call my deputy? You know why they call my deputy? My own state. We know they see My own state. We know they see My own state. We know they see we know they see election we know they see election we know they see election then they going give us man where be then they going give us man where be then they going give us man where be woman as governor. I'm from you don't woman as governor. I'm from you don't woman as governor. I'm from you don't know. know. know. See See See on your own port inside you don't see person you don't see person you don't see person you need You never understand You never understand You never understand poverty. poverty. poverty. my way you go broke and you ask your my way you go broke and you ask your my way you go broke and you ask your girlfriend whe like this I must not marry I don't know like this I must not marry I don't know like this I must not marry I don't know why big clothes get mar like me tangle why big clothes get mar like me tangle why big clothes get mar like me tangle for bed because it takes two to tangle I Saying girls as I was saying earlier I Saying girls as I was saying earlier I Saying girls as I was saying earlier please I beg you stranger I if I fall in please I beg you stranger I if I fall in please I beg you stranger I if I fall in love with you no they treat me like boy love with you no they treat me like boy love with you no they treat me like boy I just fall in love with one I just fall in love with one I just fall in love with one fellowship fellowship fellowship as fellowship somebody be fellowship as fellowship somebody be fellowship as fellowship somebody be fellowship everything everything everything no stress me I don't like this no stress me I don't like this no stress me I don't like this supposed be banker me I supposed be supposed be banker me I supposed be supposed be banker me I supposed be lawyer supposed I put it to you my lord lawyer supposed I put it to you my lord lawyer supposed I put it to you my lord but niger put down for my body I know. So I start this work. He didn't I know. So I start this work. He didn't I know. So I start this work. He didn't say I like her. My father look me say say I like her. My father look me say say I like her. My father look me say how come my first son be making j of how come my first son be making j of how come my first son be making j of himself. I said calm down. You go like himself. I said calm down. You go like himself. I said calm down. You go like this work not believe. Last year June go this work not believe. Last year June go this work not believe. Last year June go presidential go then pay me 4 million to presidential go then pay me 4 million to presidential go then pay me 4 million to perform for 10 minutes. I nearly perform perform for 10 minutes. I nearly perform perform for 10 minutes. I nearly perform for 4 days. for 4 days. for 4 days. Poverty in a bust. You know say get Poverty in a bust. You know say get Poverty in a bust. You know say get money give your family like this. Your money give your family like this. Your money give your family like this. Your position for family go change you don't position for family go change you don't position for family go change you don't know some of your family WhatsApp group know some of your family WhatsApp group know some of your family WhatsApp group you are contributing nothing you are contributing nothing you are contributing nothing you are a waste of space you are a waste of space you are a waste of space that's why I send my father 1 million that's why I send my father 1 million that's why I send my father 1 million when when when I enter in phone my father phone face I enter in phone my father phone face I enter in phone my father phone face off as he char phone call me for 2 off as he char phone call me for 2 off as he char phone call me for 2 minutes my father not talk I just hear h minutes my father not talk I just hear h minutes my father not talk I just hear h now I say hello the best when my papa me now I say hello the best when my papa me now I say hello the best when my papa me Look now my brother Look now my brother Look now my brother God bless you now know me your son he God bless you now know me your son he God bless you now know me your son he say shut up now begin they worry you say shut up now begin they worry you say shut up now begin they worry you what you do for me brother video for what you do for me brother video for what you do for me brother video for brother say my father was she don't see brother say my father was she don't see brother say my father was she don't see my mama the best day I gave my mother my mama the best day I gave my mother my mama the best day I gave my mother 500,000 NRA cash as I give the money she 500,000 NRA cash as I give the money she 500,000 NRA cash as I give the money she hold now once she look me say what has hold now once she look me say what has hold now once she look me say what has this little girl don't to deserve all this little girl don't to deserve all this little girl don't to deserve all this you never say poverty you never say poverty you never say poverty ban girls back to you the fellowship I ban girls back to you the fellowship I ban girls back to you the fellowship I just now once bing just leave me say you just now once bing just leave me say you just now once bing just leave me say you do me well but I enjoy do me like sh poy do me well but I enjoy do me like sh poy do me well but I enjoy do me like sh poy I say I don't understand he say you just I say I don't understand he say you just I say I don't understand he say you just b so I like I hit something followed so I like I hit something followed so I like I hit something followed everywhere inside my Say good night. Ladies and gentlemen, we doing this back Ladies and gentlemen, we doing this back Ladies and gentlemen, we doing this back to back. Give it up for another 40 to back. Give it up for another 40 to back. Give it up for another 40 comedian coming to stay. Ladies and comedian coming to stay. Ladies and comedian coming to stay. Ladies and gentlemen, I bring to you poor joint. YET, LET'S MAKE WELCOME ANOTHER FUNNY YET, LET'S MAKE WELCOME ANOTHER FUNNY YET, LET'S MAKE WELCOME ANOTHER FUNNY COMEDIAN ALL THE WAY FROM THE NORTHERN COMEDIAN ALL THE WAY FROM THE NORTHERN COMEDIAN ALL THE WAY FROM THE NORTHERN PART OF NIGERIA, SIRI. OH, let's go. Ehoo. Good morning. Happy New Year. Good morning. Happy New Year. Good morning. Happy New Year. What is going on? Very dangerous place. What is going on? Very dangerous place. What is going on? Very dangerous place. Yes, I know what I'm saying. Those Yes, I know what I'm saying. Those Yes, I know what I'm saying. Those people people people over people, are you here? Your girls over people, are you here? Your girls over people, are you here? Your girls is what? is what? is what? That place That place That place dangerous. dangerous. dangerous. The girls from that place they are no The girls from that place they are no The girls from that place they are no more. How you going to kiss girl from more. How you going to kiss girl from more. How you going to kiss girl from Opa? She go get my belt for your mouth. You're going say why you do like that? You're going say why you do like that? You're going say why you do like that? The girl use say no mommy. What is going on? You are welcome to new What is going on? You are welcome to new What is going on? You are welcome to new year. year. year. Everything where you do last year don't Everything where you do last year don't Everything where you do last year don't work. This year you go work. Yeah. Amen. work. This year you go work. Yeah. Amen. work. This year you go work. Yeah. Amen. I get why they pray for I get why they pray for I get why they pray for and today start and today start and today start hand touch everybody when I never say hand touch everybody when I never say hand touch everybody when I never say anything. Poverty is not your portion anything. Poverty is not your portion anything. Poverty is not your portion this year. Say amen. this year. Say amen. this year. Say amen. >> Amen. >> Amen. >> Amen. >> You see you notice when say people >> You see you notice when say people >> You see you notice when say people regular they shout amen. Some of give regular they shout amen. Some of give regular they shout amen. Some of give free ticket for they for free ticket for they for free ticket for they for answer. Amen. Poverty not be good. answer. Amen. Poverty not be good. answer. Amen. Poverty not be good. Yes. So you know say the things when Yes. So you know say the things when Yes. So you know say the things when they motivate poor man different from they motivate poor man different from they motivate poor man different from the one where they motivate big man. the one where they motivate big man. the one where they motivate big man. Yes. Now everything they offend poor Yes. Now everything they offend poor Yes. Now everything they offend poor man. I'm saying this to you because now man. I'm saying this to you because now man. I'm saying this to you because now one crony poor man born me from one crony poor man born me from one crony poor man born me from experience. Everything they annoy my experience. Everything they annoy my experience. Everything they annoy my father check when two big men father check when two big men father check when two big men they are happy for their fellow rich they are happy for their fellow rich they are happy for their fellow rich people. That is why you see say the rich people. That is why you see say the rich people. That is why you see say the rich will always be rich. will always be rich. will always be rich. See two big men See two big men See two big men 2025 model just pass you see say oh boy. 2025 model just pass you see say oh boy. 2025 model just pass you see say oh boy. See the other one not a bad one at all. See the other one not a bad one at all. See the other one not a bad one at all. I like to add this to my collection. Two I like to add this to my collection. Two I like to add this to my collection. Two poor men they inside pad 1998 poor men they inside pad 1998 poor men they inside pad 1998 model that motor pass here the one where model that motor pass here the one where model that motor pass here the one where they drive they drive they drive I beg I beg I beg we hear what money money money then what's the other one I leave them then what's the other one I leave them then what's the other one I leave them all this went get so they shop for all this went get so they shop for all this went get so they shop for everything they offend I don't ask my everything they offend I don't ask my everything they offend I don't ask my father this land for my where father this land for my where father this land for my where buy my father just say I beg him what buy my father just say I beg him what buy my father just say I beg him what what land be your problem what land be your problem what land be your problem everything they offend po man everything they offend po man everything they offend po man if you see the things where they if you see the things where they if you see the things where they motivate big men that is why big men see motivate big men that is why big men see motivate big men that is why big men see opportunity in everything look at this opportunity in everything look at this opportunity in everything look at this country this country so far corona do country this country so far corona do country this country so far corona do you know the big man saw opportunity in you know the big man saw opportunity in you know the big man saw opportunity in that it is a woman think how to so face that it is a woman think how to so face that it is a woman think how to so face ming that kind I don't talk and say if ming that kind I don't talk and say if ming that kind I don't talk and say if rapture happen today all of us meet for rapture happen today all of us meet for rapture happen today all of us meet for heaven god going give Every human be heaven god going give Every human be heaven god going give Every human be opportunity to ask God one one question. opportunity to ask God one one question. opportunity to ask God one one question. Say poverty the mind. The kind question Say poverty the mind. The kind question Say poverty the mind. The kind question where big men go ask God. Even God where big men go ask God. Even God where big men go ask God. Even God shock. Somebody like to own business. He shock. Somebody like to own business. He shock. Somebody like to own business. He just look say my maker. just look say my maker. just look say my maker. What will you question me to build my What will you question me to build my What will you question me to build my own small heaven? own small heaven? own small heaven? Even God shook. He say even if it's Even God shook. He say even if it's Even God shook. He say even if it's heaven annex annex. You go see somebody heaven annex annex. You go see somebody heaven annex annex. You go see somebody go and say my maker will you give me the go and say my maker will you give me the go and say my maker will you give me the opportunity to supply dies with all opportunity to supply dies with all opportunity to supply dies with all these small small hotels in heaven. these small small hotels in heaven. these small small hotels in heaven. Somebody like come say my maker will you Somebody like come say my maker will you Somebody like come say my maker will you permit me to have my own network in this permit me to have my own network in this permit me to have my own network in this heaven. The first poor man when they go heaven. The first poor man when they go heaven. The first poor man when they go give opportunity to ask God question give opportunity to ask God question give opportunity to ask God question even God ask when I create this idiot even God ask when I create this idiot even God ask when I create this idiot because po mind you go see person ask because po mind you go see person ask because po mind you go see person ask make first carry hand up God no vessel make first carry hand up God no vessel make first carry hand up God no vessel when you create human being who what when you create human being who what when you create human being who what really offend you when you create ampit really offend you when you create ampit really offend you when you create ampit no smell you even this guy be like ampit don't make even this guy be like ampit don't make even this guy be like ampit don't make and lose relationship first say God He said he said I'm a funny guy. Why He said he said I'm a funny guy. Why He said he said I'm a funny guy. Why they laugh like woman say funny guy? they laugh like woman say funny guy? they laugh like woman say funny guy? Yeah. So I be funny guy to this kind Yeah. So I be funny guy to this kind Yeah. So I be funny guy to this kind time 1 a.m. when casino no is this time 1 a.m. when casino no is this time 1 a.m. when casino no is this casino very person I beg from 8 in the casino very person I beg from 8 in the casino very person I beg from 8 in the evening I say call me now when people evening I say call me now when people evening I say call me now when people eyes clear make crack joke he say no eyes clear make crack joke he say no eyes clear make crack joke he say no hold on hold on b love you. I say no now hold on hold on b love you. I say no now hold on hold on b love you. I say no now see 12 now people don't drink full eye see 12 now people don't drink full eye see 12 now people don't drink full eye for new year I crack now so I start my for new year I crack now so I start my for new year I crack now so I start my life they try make drunkard happy very life they try make drunkard happy very life they try make drunkard happy very start very bad way to start a year yes and you very bad way to start a year yes and you very bad way to start a year yes and you know those of come from abroad they know those of come from abroad they know those of come from abroad they leave show I see all of them pay one man leave show I see all of them pay one man leave show I see all of them pay one man carry flyer for I'm going to use all my carry flyer for I'm going to use all my carry flyer for I'm going to use all my money especially those ones where come money especially those ones where come money especially those ones where come from UK they use all their money they from UK they use all their money they from UK they use all their money they look person say Let's leave look person say Let's leave look person say Let's leave now for this video. Yes. Now, so I thank now for this video. Yes. Now, so I thank now for this video. Yes. Now, so I thank all of this. I just got back now. We inocniz this. I just got back now. We inocniz this. I just got back now. We inocniz tax. Yes. They say there is no money. tax. Yes. They say there is no money. tax. Yes. They say there is no money. Where they are doing all of them buying Where they are doing all of them buying Where they are doing all of them buying tables enjoying they will pay tax. tables enjoying they will pay tax. tables enjoying they will pay tax. Listen to me. If there's one person you Listen to me. If there's one person you Listen to me. If there's one person you must never offend in this country as a must never offend in this country as a must never offend in this country as a whole collectively as citizen they whole collectively as citizen they whole collectively as citizen they advisors you can offend nothing happen advisors you can offend nothing happen advisors you can offend nothing happen they tell you free of charge if you they tell you free of charge if you they tell you free of charge if you offend nothing will happen offend you offend nothing will happen offend you offend nothing will happen offend you not do anything offend we not try because if she just starve we not try because if she just starve we not try because if she just starve baba one round It is finished. baba one round It is finished. baba one round It is finished. The full destiny of this nation now just The full destiny of this nation now just The full destiny of this nation now just for one round. And you know when de we for one round. And you know when de we for one round. And you know when de we go feed the repercussion. go feed the repercussion. go feed the repercussion. He said my wife was on her own for her. He said my wife was on her own for her. He said my wife was on her own for her. Now Now Now we get another one. You people we get another one. You people we get another one. You people mama now she's not letting me do in my mama now she's not letting me do in my mama now she's not letting me do in my bedroom. You will feel it. January they will start paying tax for January they will start paying tax for January they will start paying tax for their oxygen tax for no reason just pay tax for this tax for no reason just pay tax for this tax for no reason just pay tax for this country. The issues of tax has been a country. The issues of tax has been a country. The issues of tax has been a very strong conversation recently. They very strong conversation recently. They very strong conversation recently. They say that if we buy one liter they pay say that if we buy one liter they pay say that if we buy one liter they pay tax. People look take risk. People tax. People look take risk. People tax. People look take risk. People question question question when one morning if you just wake up when one morning if you just wake up when one morning if you just wake up just tell us fellow citizens just tell us fellow citizens just tell us fellow citizens of the Federal Republic. of the Federal Republic. of the Federal Republic. It saddens my heart It saddens my heart It saddens my heart to announce that this country has been to announce that this country has been to announce that this country has been sold sold sold to Bina Vaso. to Bina Vaso. to Bina Vaso. We all all of us contribute money to go We all all of us contribute money to go We all all of us contribute money to go by the country. Yes. Because very emotional person happy. Nobody very emotional person happy. Nobody very emotional person happy. Nobody supposed to help you. You must call. supposed to help you. You must call. supposed to help you. You must call. Hello. Hello. Hello. How are you? Say your excellency. I'm How are you? Say your excellency. I'm How are you? Say your excellency. I'm fine. You are fine. Are you happy? Shima fine. You are fine. Are you happy? Shima fine. You are fine. Are you happy? Shima say yes I'm happy. You are happy when I say yes I'm happy. You are happy when I say yes I'm happy. You are happy when I have not come. have not come. have not come. Nobody supposed to be happy. Nobody supposed to be happy. Nobody supposed to be happy. go meet Remy. He know they give up. Remy go meet Remy. He know they give up. Remy go meet Remy. He know they give up. Remy baby, you know that I was not the one that say you know that I was not the one that say you know that I was not the one that say you are not my mama. you are not my mama. you are not my mama. Now my mama be my mama. So your mommy talk about this guy me my brother. He talk about this guy me my brother. He talk about this guy me my brother. He who is down fears no fall. who is down fears no fall. who is down fears no fall. Yes. Now me fire take your problem as I Yes. Now me fire take your problem as I Yes. Now me fire take your problem as I just reach you know easy to just deal just reach you know easy to just deal just reach you know easy to just deal with you. The problem about you commit with you. The problem about you commit with you. The problem about you commit offense they deal with you commit offense they deal with you commit offense they deal with you commit offense for they put you for prison for offense for they put you for prison for offense for they put you for prison for so by the time they release you to come so by the time they release you to come so by the time they release you to come back you die for road. Yes. back you die for road. Yes. back you die for road. Yes. show for screen in the fight they beat show for screen in the fight they beat show for screen in the fight they beat people people people for this kind for this kind for this kind understand what mean understand what mean understand what mean movie that I movie that I movie that I immediately do immediately do immediately do sound Fact now buy ticket buy ticket buy ticket real everybody come with their tool everybody come with their tool everybody come with their tool I never see when I never see anything. I never see when I never see anything. I never see when I never see anything. You see I see some comedian come to this You see I see some comedian come to this You see I see some comedian come to this place crack joke as comedian they crack joke you love as comedian they crack joke you love as comedian they crack joke you love because of your safety because you don't because of your safety because you don't because of your safety because you don't know whe because you know they know what's going on. You think we are know what's going on. You think we are know what's going on. You think we are joking with you guys now this year not let anybody force guys now this year not let anybody force guys now this year not let anybody force you because like I talk so the countries you because like I talk so the countries you because like I talk so the countries where they motivate poor men they where they motivate poor men they where they motivate poor men they motivate big men that is why poor men motivate big men that is why poor men motivate big men that is why poor men get addage big men get quotes there's get addage big men get quotes there's get addage big men get quotes there's difference difference difference yes now if you see you say word you know yes now if you see you say word you know yes now if you see you say word you know what I'm saying now check now some what I'm saying now check now some what I'm saying now check now some kindage where you go you know say this kindage where you go you know say this kindage where you go you know say this thing the journey of a,000 miles thing the journey of a,000 miles thing the journey of a,000 miles begins with a step. You go say now who begins with a step. You go say now who begins with a step. You go say now who don't tr within no good don't tr within no good don't tr within no good big man they knock mic now now big man they knock mic now now big man they knock mic now now don't do like that people use 4 days don't do like that people use 4 days don't do like that people use 4 days they perform reach my you knock for 10 they perform reach my you knock for 10 they perform reach my you knock for 10 minutes you go say this join this comedy minutes you go say this join this comedy minutes you go say this join this comedy they do some more bandit they do some more bandit they do some more bandit for your own good check now when you see for your own good check now when you see for your own good check now when you see big men quote when you see big men quote big men quote when you see big men quote big men quote when you see big men quote you know say that big men don't come you know say that big men don't come you know say that big men don't come anything worth doing is worth doing well anything worth doing is worth doing well anything worth doing is worth doing well no be poor man think that no be poor man think that no be poor man think that That was America's 26th president That was America's 26th president That was America's 26th president Roosevelt. Poor man think that kind children this kind where take from children this kind where take from children this kind where take from inside again when make me arrest one of inside again when make me arrest one of inside again when make me arrest one of my uncle that small [\h__\h] they big which my uncle that small [\h__\h] they big which my uncle that small [\h__\h] they big which kind that get where my get where my get where my talk that I just talk that I just talk that I just woman in the commod husband. husband. husband. What kind of advice made and take from What kind of advice made and take from What kind of advice made and take from that one? You you just say you no I that one? You you just say you no I that one? You you just say you no I think they motivate you this year one think they motivate you this year one think they motivate you this year one one one one elderly man for our company one one one elderly man for our company one one one elderly man for our company that time we just tell say give us more that time we just tell say give us more that time we just tell say give us more wisdom now look small children they grow wisdom now look small children they grow wisdom now look small children they grow now tell us now tell us now tell us he said now when food they smile now say he said now when food they smile now say he said now when food they smile now say what be the moral of this wisdom he said what be the moral of this wisdom he said what be the moral of this wisdom he said no worry when you eat your go tell you no worry when you eat your go tell you no worry when you eat your go tell you storyh by this time truly I leave stage no I never leave truly I leave stage no I never leave truly I leave stage no I never leave this stage IH this stage IH this stage IH for I mean I mean I don't do reach 10 for I mean I mean I don't do reach 10 for I mean I mean I don't do reach 10 minutes for wait I get another work this minutes for wait I get another work this minutes for wait I get another work this is the only thing I do with my life is the only thing I do with my life is the only thing I do with my life cracking joke my life is a joke Relax DJ do that for my brother beat you for my brother beat you for my brother beat you know say this work for their mind they know say this work for their mind they know say this work for their mind they think I like this work by right I'm a think I like this work by right I'm a think I like this work by right I'm a graduate I start my year crack joke for graduate I start my year crack joke for graduate I start my year crack joke for people now my father work hard people now my father work hard people now my father work hard I tell you now now my father know if my I tell you now now my father know if my I tell you now now my father know if my father work hard I go sit down crack father work hard I go sit down crack father work hard I go sit down crack that guy knock my go make me that guy knock my go make me that guy knock my go make me yes now when I start work my father yes now when I start work my father yes now when I start work my father looked me say how can my first son be looked me say how can my first son be looked me say how can my first son be making gest of himself? This is not my making gest of himself? This is not my making gest of himself? This is not my plan for you. I said calm down. We plan for you. I said calm down. We plan for you. I said calm down. We needed this work. He said shut up. We needed this work. He said shut up. We needed this work. He said shut up. We need comedy work now go die next long need comedy work now go die next long need comedy work now go die next long like that. like that. like that. Now I say no daddy hold this work. This Now I say no daddy hold this work. This Now I say no daddy hold this work. This now 13 years ago poverty I do the work now 13 years ago poverty I do the work now 13 years ago poverty I do the work they going they believe in me. I do and they going they believe in me. I do and they going they believe in me. I do and they go 2022 they go 2022 they go 2022 they call me to go perform for somewhere they call me to go perform for somewhere they call me to go perform for somewhere for 10 minutes then pay me 6 million. for 10 minutes then pay me 6 million. for 10 minutes then pay me 6 million. Poverty is a bastard. You know say I Poverty is a bastard. You know say I Poverty is a bastard. You know say I nearly perform for them for 4 days. You nearly perform for them for 4 days. You nearly perform for them for 4 days. You know 6 million organiz you give your family money know your you give your family money know your you give your family money know your position for your family when I receive position for your family when I receive position for your family when I receive the alert happiness won't give him I go the alert happiness won't give him I go the alert happiness won't give him I go [\h__\h] my father up today I send down 2 [\h__\h] my father up today I send down 2 [\h__\h] my father up today I send down 2 million for the first time in his life million for the first time in his life million for the first time in his life man when do security 17 years and 8 man when do security 17 years and 8 man when do security 17 years and 8 month take up salary now 680,000 when is month take up salary now 680,000 when is month take up salary now 680,000 when is he 2 million for the first time he pick he 2 million for the first time he pick he 2 million for the first time he pick the phone in shock Then the phone in shock Then the phone in shock Then he call me he say hello. As I just he call me he say hello. As I just he call me he say hello. As I just speak, he say hello my brother. I said speak, he say hello my brother. I said speak, he say hello my brother. I said no me your son. He say shut up now no me your son. He say shut up now no me your son. He say shut up now speaking the worry. What you do for me? speaking the worry. What you do for me? speaking the worry. What you do for me? So only brother one for brother. You are So only brother one for brother. You are So only brother one for brother. You are like a brother to me going forward in like a brother to me going forward in like a brother to me going forward in this family. The day I not say money get this family. The day I not say money get this family. The day I not say money get hold on I leave now. The day I say money hold on I leave now. The day I say money hold on I leave now. The day I say money get power say my family get WhatsApp get power say my family get WhatsApp get power say my family get WhatsApp group when my father be admin. group when my father be admin. group when my father be admin. 2023 I come back from UK after my tour 2023 I come back from UK after my tour 2023 I come back from UK after my tour now say I need to surprise this family. now say I need to surprise this family. now say I need to surprise this family. Now send 5 million NRA to my family Now send 5 million NRA to my family Now send 5 million NRA to my family account. account. account. Now forward the receipt to our family Now forward the receipt to our family Now forward the receipt to our family WhatsApp group. When my father be admin WhatsApp group. When my father be admin WhatsApp group. When my father be admin immediately the receipt enter the group. immediately the receipt enter the group. immediately the receipt enter the group. I just see admin left. I just see admin left. I just see admin left. Now no be say my father leave the group Now no be say my father leave the group Now no be say my father leave the group be the problem. My father come right for be the problem. My father come right for be the problem. My father come right for the group welcome the new bread winner. the group welcome the new bread winner. the group welcome the new bread winner. Now since that day my problem start the Now since that day my problem start the Now since that day my problem start the day I say money get power. But when I day I say money get power. But when I day I say money get power. But when I give my mother first 1 million for life give my mother first 1 million for life give my mother first 1 million for life now I know who I be to my mama. When my now I know who I be to my mama. When my now I know who I be to my mama. When my mama hold the money now look I'm n he mama hold the money now look I'm n he mama hold the money now look I'm n he call me by my real name he forget the si call me by my real name he forget the si call me by my real name he forget the si say ken he said I say he said I wish I say ken he said I say he said I wish I say ken he said I say he said I wish I saw you on time I won't be in this saw you on time I won't be in this saw you on time I won't be in this marriage with your father have a marriage with your father have a marriage with your father have a wonderful NIGHT is actually my in-law >> ladies and gentlemen keep in mind that >> ladies and gentlemen keep in mind that >> ladies and gentlemen keep in mind that the party continues a driveway. We're the party continues a driveway. We're the party continues a driveway. We're going to have fun till the break of going to have fun till the break of going to have fun till the break of dawn. And we have also received reports dawn. And we have also received reports dawn. And we have also received reports and I would like to apologize on behalf and I would like to apologize on behalf and I would like to apologize on behalf of MC Casino. He understands that you of MC Casino. He understands that you of MC Casino. He understands that you came out to have fun and we are sorry came out to have fun and we are sorry came out to have fun and we are sorry for the hitches. But rest assure that we for the hitches. But rest assure that we for the hitches. But rest assure that we are going to resolve all the issues. are going to resolve all the issues. are going to resolve all the issues. Let's get back to the phone. THIS YOUNG Let's get back to the phone. THIS YOUNG Let's get back to the phone. THIS YOUNG MAN IS FUNNY. He's very creative and MAN IS FUNNY. He's very creative and MAN IS FUNNY. He's very creative and he's a natural. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, he's a natural. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, he's a natural. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, BEN CITY, SHOW SOME LOVE. MAKE SOME BEN CITY, SHOW SOME LOVE. MAKE SOME BEN CITY, SHOW SOME LOVE. MAKE SOME NOISE FOR MC PURE. NOISE FOR MC PURE. NOISE FOR MC PURE. >> Ladies and gentlemen, this is MC. Hey, God. By worship. By worship. By worship. Hey God. Happy New Year. DJ, you the [\h__\h] up. Happy New Year. DJ, you the [\h__\h] up. Happy New Year. DJ, you the [\h__\h] up. as new year where they call me for they as new year where they call me for they as new year where they call me for they play what be Christian song if I play O play everywhere go high play everywhere go high play everywhere go high that they get ginger gingerh everywhere ginger Happy new year. Happy new year. Happy new year. >> 2025 go rugged. >> 2025 go rugged. >> 2025 go rugged. >> I pity patient dog >> I pity patient dog >> I pity patient dog kill. You see this year if you knock kill. You see this year if you knock kill. You see this year if you knock door they open for you. Pass window door they open for you. Pass window door they open for you. Pass window pass window. pass window. pass window. Call the country they rugged they go we Call the country they rugged they go we Call the country they rugged they go we day prime minister of India come see day prime minister of India come see day prime minister of India come see Chernobu he come with assistant Chernobu Chernobu he come with assistant Chernobu Chernobu he come with assistant Chernobu come with your assistant they discuss come with your assistant they discuss come with your assistant they discuss what they want DO PRIME MINISTER of what they want DO PRIME MINISTER of what they want DO PRIME MINISTER of India assistant bro they write India assistant bro they write India assistant bro they write everything where they say they want do everything where they say they want do everything where they say they want do assistant no bro he know paper he not assistant no bro he know paper he not assistant no bro he know paper he not write anything he know everything they write anything he know everything they write anything he know everything they talk they no good one talk they no good one talk they no good one If you right then sam If you right then sam If you right then sam say no no no if they go s say no no no if they go s say no no no if they go s you know you know who you follow you know you know who you follow you know you know who you follow you just understanding country when I you just understanding country when I you just understanding country when I know what happen for Ghana everywhere know what happen for Ghana everywhere know what happen for Ghana everywhere Ghana send 12 [\h__\h] to Norway for Ghana send 12 [\h__\h] to Norway for Ghana send 12 [\h__\h] to Norway for parolympic sport then sleep wake up they parolympic sport then sleep wake up they parolympic sport then sleep wake up they not see one [\h__\h] which year they not see one [\h__\h] which year they not see one [\h__\h] which year they don't see one People wear G legs start don't see one People wear G legs start don't see one People wear G legs start to define [\h__\h] for Norway. to define [\h__\h] for Norway. to define [\h__\h] for Norway. [\h__\h] see heaven [\h__\h] see heaven [\h__\h] see heaven and vow never to go back to hell. and vow never to go back to hell. and vow never to go back to hell. Government of Ghana send five Government of Ghana send five Government of Ghana send five representative representative representative may they go investigate where c go when may they go investigate where c go when may they go investigate where c go when the five reach the loss. the five reach the loss. the five reach the loss. Oh god I beg when I know what happen for Oh god I beg when I know what happen for Oh god I beg when I know what happen for woman where they do contribution from woman where they do contribution from woman where they do contribution from January to November collect people money January to November collect people money January to November collect people money December now she say she don't lose December now she say she don't lose December now she say she don't lose memory say she not they recognize memory say she not they recognize memory say she not they recognize anybody again God I beg anybody again God I beg anybody again God I beg say don't know her husband they say your say don't know her husband they say your say don't know her husband they say your husband say don't know if my money day husband say don't know if my money day husband say don't know if my money day with that woman she going to know me on with that woman she going to know me on with that woman she going to know me on God she going to know me I give you God she going to know me I give you God she going to know me I give you money January to nove November you know money January to nove November you know money January to nove November you know me December you lose memory you go lose me December you lose memory you go lose me December you lose memory you go lose your life your life your life you crazy you crazy you crazy for this country Nigeria don't rocket for this country Nigeria don't rocket for this country Nigeria don't rocket now everybody don't know if you don't now everybody don't know if you don't now everybody don't know if you don't travel abroad you go know what I talk travel abroad you go know what I talk travel abroad you go know what I talk about Canada I go open my eye I see my about Canada I go open my eye I see my about Canada I go open my eye I see my pick my friend s account balance pick pick my friend s account balance pick pick my friend s account balance pick four years four years money they pay four years four years money they pay four years four years money they pay from the day from the day from the day free school to secondary free school to secondary free school to secondary speaking from the day we born a country speaking from the day we born a country speaking from the day we born a country they Nigeria from the day we born you they Nigeria from the day we born you they Nigeria from the day we born you you they you they you they Nigeria now children with 12 years now Nigeria now children with 12 years now Nigeria now children with 12 years now don't they get BP our government need to don't they get BP our government need to don't they get BP our government need to make medicine for BP free children get make medicine for BP free children get make medicine for BP free children get BP them and their pap under pressure to BP them and their pap under pressure to BP them and their pap under pressure to make make make I visit Canada zoo if you see animal I visit Canada zoo if you see animal I visit Canada zoo if you see animal fresh fresh fresh I see lion lion they speak English I see lion lion they speak English I see lion lion they speak English lie I lie That one I lie That one I lie That one I lie but if you see the lion fine big then but if you see the lion fine big then but if you see the lion fine big then they give life goat as in throw the goat they give life goat as in throw the goat they give life goat as in throw the goat lion te and chop you don't go bene zoo lion te and chop you don't go bene zoo lion te and chop you don't go bene zoo zoo don't go from fing a dog zoo don't go from fing a dog zoo don't go from fing a dog now me they tell the person WHY I GO PUT now me they tell the person WHY I GO PUT now me they tell the person WHY I GO PUT DOG FOR zoo he said lion DOG FOR zoo he said lion DOG FOR zoo he said lion meet go strain don't lose weight e I meet go strain don't lose weight e I meet go strain don't lose weight e I said release them My lion say them now said release them My lion say them now said release them My lion say them now before I command give the lion 5,000 before I command give the lion 5,000 before I command give the lion 5,000 may take se may take se may take se our government release all animal made our government release all animal made our government release all animal made them go back to their parents Nigeria them go back to their parents Nigeria them go back to their parents Nigeria not be for zoo zoo not go work here not be for zoo zoo not go work here not be for zoo zoo not go work here I say for just now lion zoo don't lick I say for just now lion zoo don't lick I say for just now lion zoo don't lick mango for just mango for just mango for just don't you don't go zoo don't you don't go zoo don't you don't go zoo If I now go see lion they chop roasted If I now go see lion they chop roasted If I now go see lion they chop roasted corn. I swear I near the lion. Lion ask corn. I swear I near the lion. Lion ask corn. I swear I near the lion. Lion ask me where I get pier. me where I get pier. me where I get pier. I swear go now go throw corn. He go I swear go now go throw corn. He go I swear go now go throw corn. He go catch him. catch him. catch him. He don't read everywhere don't talk. He don't read everywhere don't talk. He don't read everywhere don't talk. Nigeria not get middle class again. It's Nigeria not get middle class again. It's Nigeria not get middle class again. It's either you are rich or you are poor and either you are rich or you are poor and either you are rich or you are poor and say if you don't get money people not go say if you don't get money people not go say if you don't get money people not go know then. Know know then. Know know then. Know people know go club now. Go club from people know go club now. Go club from people know go club now. Go club from far. Bounce and go. far. Bounce and go. far. Bounce and go. Now you go to tell your friend you tell Now you go to tell your friend you tell Now you go to tell your friend you tell them about me. them about me. them about me. Bouncer no poverty ID card. I see they Bouncer no poverty ID card. I see they Bouncer no poverty ID card. I see they come know they see come know they see come know they see poverty go they make you lose stamina. poverty go they make you lose stamina. poverty go they make you lose stamina. You know feel wear. That's why they say You know feel wear. That's why they say You know feel wear. That's why they say if you are broke dress where you get way if you are broke dress where you get way if you are broke dress where you get way go dress. Devil go make her when he go dress. Devil go make her when he go dress. Devil go make her when he sleep dress where sleep dress where sleep dress where dressing get attitude he get power dressing get attitude he get power dressing get attitude he get power they like big man life big man go buy they like big man life big man go buy they like big man life big man go buy motor when he drive this way they go motor when he drive this way they go motor when he drive this way they go just press remote just they go poor man just press remote just they go poor man just press remote just they go poor man you try buy car at age of 55 you try buy car at age of 55 you try buy car at age of 55 first of all you know they trust remote first of all you know they trust remote first of all you know they trust remote too small for you to trust too small for you to trust too small for you to trust eh you By car after 56 years of your eh you By car after 56 years of your eh you By car after 56 years of your life, you come they depend on one small life, you come they depend on one small life, you come they depend on one small remote to just do then you they go. No remote to just do then you they go. No remote to just do then you they go. No poor man as he reach where they go use poor man as he reach where they go use poor man as he reach where they go use his hand central lock. his hand central lock. his hand central lock. Then he go down back up with remote. Then he go down back up with remote. Then he go down back up with remote. Then he go around the car. They check Then he go around the car. They check Then he go around the car. They check the door one by one like who want do the door one by one like who want do the door one by one like who want do sacrifice? God I beg poverty. sacrifice? God I beg poverty. sacrifice? God I beg poverty. Poverty bad. Poverty bad. Poverty bad. Not not the way they embarrass man for Not not the way they embarrass man for Not not the way they embarrass man for this life. Like may your fellow man hold this life. Like may your fellow man hold this life. Like may your fellow man hold your hand for club. They tell bouncer your hand for club. They tell bouncer your hand for club. They tell bouncer he's with me. Oh god. Lero he's with me. Oh god. Lero he's with me. Oh god. Lero he's with me. Then you come they double he's with me. Then you come they double he's with me. Then you come they double confirm so that they not go forget you confirm so that they not go forget you confirm so that they not go forget you when you want go peace because if he when you want go peace because if he when you want go peace because if he piece if he don't come back now you call piece if he don't come back now you call piece if he don't come back now you call the bouncer I'm with him. the bouncer I'm with him. the bouncer I'm with him. Oh god. We need to they need to try for Nigeria We need to they need to try for Nigeria We need to they need to try for Nigeria that lion own they need to try release that lion own they need to try release that lion own they need to try release those animal you know be lion lion they those animal you know be lion lion they those animal you know be lion lion they powerful they say no matter how bush do powerful they say no matter how bush do powerful they say no matter how bush do this one lion of each grass lion they this one lion of each grass lion they this one lion of each grass lion they powerful so they attach unto God name powerful so they attach unto God name powerful so they attach unto God name the lion of the tribe of the lion of the tribe of the lion of the tribe of the lion of the tribe of Judah the lion of the tribe of Judah the lion of the tribe of Judah Nigeria not get middle class again you Nigeria not get middle class again you Nigeria not get middle class again you rich or you are poor if you get problem rich or you are poor if you get problem rich or you are poor if you get problem with rich man you are finish because with rich man you are finish because with rich man you are finish because they they reserve money for court case they they reserve money for court case they they reserve money for court case then you you reserve money for your then you you reserve money for your then you you reserve money for your destiny destiny destiny 2014 me and one big man get problem I 2014 me and one big man get problem I 2014 me and one big man get problem I tell the man I will sue you and you rot tell the man I will sue you and you rot tell the man I will sue you and you rot in jail but they give me more 600,000 in jail but they give me more 600,000 in jail but they give me more 600,000 lawyer say 150 I give lawyer 80,000 to lawyer say 150 I give lawyer 80,000 to lawyer say 150 I give lawyer 80,000 to balance 70 we enter court I fold leg I balance 70 we enter court I fold leg I balance 70 we enter court I fold leg I tell my lawyer fire down who are you tell my lawyer fire down who are you tell my lawyer fire down who are you then case for my mind daddy I go win then case for my mind daddy I go win then case for my mind daddy I go win then the next day the big man go rot in then the next day the big man go rot in then the next day the big man go rot in jail I beg jail I beg jail I beg I know say that they are junk case. They are junk case. Two years my money They are junk case. Two years my money They are junk case. Two years my money finish. finish. finish. The man soon they carry me and my lawyer The man soon they carry me and my lawyer The man soon they carry me and my lawyer go. go. go. He go buy food for us give us transport. He go buy food for us give us transport. He go buy food for us give us transport. Hey Hey Hey God I beg. God I beg. God I beg. Who send me? Who send me? Who send me? Who has come carry me for back seat like Who has come carry me for back seat like Who has come carry me for back seat like where they carry go day care I tell my where they carry go day care I tell my where they carry go day care I tell my lawyer beam s don't they shame my lawyer lawyer beam s don't they shame my lawyer lawyer beam s don't they shame my lawyer say maintain my ste AND COMPOSURE NO GET say maintain my ste AND COMPOSURE NO GET say maintain my ste AND COMPOSURE NO GET MONEY they get composure beam MONEY they get composure beam MONEY they get composure beam my LAWYER SAY IT'S TOO late to fail my LAWYER SAY IT'S TOO late to fail my LAWYER SAY IT'S TOO late to fail idiot my lawyer go stay enter court with idiot my lawyer go stay enter court with idiot my lawyer go stay enter court with wig they say I put it to YOU NO PUT THEM wig they say I put it to YOU NO PUT THEM wig they say I put it to YOU NO PUT THEM again no put time again no put time again no put time we go die no put we go die no put we go die no put No one put I don't want get problem with people get I don't want get problem with people get I don't want get problem with people get money now they find money they give Bible say now they find money they give Bible say now they find money they give Bible say money is a defense no be money money is a defense no be money money is a defense no be money go they fight for you go they fight for you go they fight for you that's why they say nobody play with that's why they say nobody play with that's why they say nobody play with small pick come borrow money small pick come borrow money small pick come borrow money pack of money they make person do like pack of money they make person do like pack of money they make person do like mumu people wake borrow money as they mumu people wake borrow money as they mumu people wake borrow money as they enter the house any picking where they enter the house any picking where they enter the house any picking where they see they don't carry baby shark see they don't carry baby shark see they don't carry baby shark baby shark I love you >> all RIGHT YOU HAVE crocod leader of secret court for their leader of secret court for their leader of secret court for their where are day before where are day where are day before where are day where are day before where are day before now so My friend go buy my friend go buy so My friend go buy my friend go buy so My friend go buy my friend go buy wristwatch for prepared me. So I buy wristwatch for prepared me. So I buy wristwatch for prepared me. So I buy wristwatch for her be home now prepared me get so my wife say joinu as he joinu he said so my wife say joinu as he joinu he said so my wife say joinu as he joinu he said every year they bring one f say December every year they bring one f say December every year they bring one f say December he win he win he win >> MC casino's game of jokes the very good >> MC casino's game of jokes the very good >> MC casino's game of jokes the very good bad guys. bad guys. bad guys. Attention. Attention. If you're not Attention. Attention. If you're not Attention. Attention. If you're not spending money, go. spending money, go. spending money, go. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. DJ DJ hold. DJ DJ hold. DJ DJ hold. Hello Bi. I calm down. I calm down. Hello Bi. I calm down. I calm down. Hello Bi. I calm down. I calm down. So DJ I be not play again. Just the So DJ I be not play again. Just the So DJ I be not play again. Just the small time I get use. small time I get use. small time I get use. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. No. No. No. So ladies and gentlemen uh bin people So ladies and gentlemen uh bin people So ladies and gentlemen uh bin people thank you very much. Happy new year. Now thank you very much. Happy new year. Now thank you very much. Happy new year. Now the second day this uh the second day this uh the second day this uh uh uh uh people wicked. Well well last year we people wicked. Well well last year we people wicked. Well well last year we see they judge the matter. Last year see they judge the matter. Last year see they judge the matter. Last year they poison our village. So as a they poison our village. So as a they poison our village. So as a poisoner when I let me man talk I can't leave I when I let me man talk I can't leave I when I let me man talk I can't leave I get I get time get I get time get I get time so so so did you call they depress that c go hang did you call they depress that c go hang did you call they depress that c go hang himself himself himself so another they call for me that one so another they call for me that one so another they call for me that one girl dobbl just they pass just my section just my section just my section I don't know whe I don't know whe I don't know whe sir. Hello sir. This period they know sir. Hello sir. This period they know sir. Hello sir. This period they know they understand what will happen now. So they understand what will happen now. So they understand what will happen now. So we feel just day now they'll start 2027 we feel just day now they'll start 2027 we feel just day now they'll start 2027 election. election. election. So now wait now because last year we So now wait now because last year we So now wait now because last year we fear Nigeria how can a deputy governor fear Nigeria how can a deputy governor fear Nigeria how can a deputy governor thief governor phone thief governor phone thief governor phone last year for burial last year for burial last year for burial they go swear. they go swear. they go swear. So as they go outside for go So as they go outside for go So as they go outside for go if you get give me a drink. So as they if you get give me a drink. So as they if you get give me a drink. So as they go outside I want go swear boys they go outside I want go swear boys they go outside I want go swear boys they protest we not go we know. So as they protest we not go we know. So as they protest we not go we know. So as they protest police cause me they stop the protest police cause me they stop the protest police cause me they stop the protest they cause me they just shoot go protest they cause me they just shoot go protest they cause me they just shoot go up cobra where they going police go up cobra where they going police go up cobra where they going police go shoot the cobra for neck. So that cobra shoot the cobra for neck. So that cobra shoot the cobra for neck. So that cobra say not this protest. Why police? So say not this protest. Why police? So say not this protest. Why police? So coron go to make remove the bullet for coron go to make remove the bullet for coron go to make remove the bullet for me go bring n me go bring n me go bring n and police report. and police report. and police report. So my friend go b with hot water. So as So my friend go b with hot water. So as So my friend go b with hot water. So as he b the f the pool go me b you with hot he b the f the pool go me b you with hot he b the f the pool go me b you with hot water. So I go account for gt. I see tire never say anything. Oh this ton rubbish tenor this ton rubbish tenor this ton rubbish tenor I see you. So father Christmas come our I see you. So father Christmas come our I see you. So father Christmas come our compound. s come if I if I just talk I just believe say if I if I just talk I just believe say if I if I just talk I just believe say rubbish I won't talk now that rubbish I won't talk now that rubbish I won't talk now that they pay me for now and I they talk some they pay me for now and I they talk some they pay me for now and I they talk some better better okay man talk one better better better okay man talk one better better better okay man talk one better one so one boy name kazim so where they one so one boy name kazim so where they one so one boy name kazim so where they work kazim they call meeting kazim work kazim they call meeting kazim work kazim they call meeting kazim insult insult insult insult the other work so kazim insult me insult the other work so kazim insult me insult the other work so kazim insult me those workers those workers those workers Kazin Kazin you insult to during our Kazin Kazin you insult to during our Kazin Kazin you insult to during our board meeting like Kazin say that not be board meeting like Kazin say that not be board meeting like Kazin say that not be insult say sarcasm say not be insult insult say sarcasm say not be insult insult say sarcasm say not be insult sarcasm I know part of speech where they sarcasm I know part of speech where they sarcasm I know part of speech where they call sarcasm so as saying speech I wrong call sarcasm so as saying speech I wrong call sarcasm so as saying speech I wrong so as sarcasm as I tell you now sarcasm this one don't see make sense Uhhuh. Uhhuh. Uhhuh. So mama go donate blood. So she go So mama go donate blood. So she go So mama go donate blood. So she go donate blood. The problem I just get with bene people The problem I just get with bene people The problem I just get with bene people now be this one. I just they talk I just now be this one. I just they talk I just now be this one. I just they talk I just believe say ah now rubbish. I want I believe say ah now rubbish. I want I believe say ah now rubbish. I want I mean why people they perform here man mean why people they perform here man mean why people they perform here man see check my time first. people they see check my time first. people they see check my time first. people they perform here just now 14 minus 18 how perform here just now 14 minus 18 how perform here just now 14 minus 18 how many minutes we done 14 that's four many minutes we done 14 that's four many minutes we done 14 that's four minutes now four minute don't do now so minutes now four minute don't do now so minutes now four minute don't do now so now they do election for data state so now they do election for data state so now they do election for data state so they call APC bishop because the person they call APC bishop because the person they call APC bishop because the person they represent APC now man so he doing they represent APC now man so he doing they represent APC now man so he doing hand like this wide hand for for the hand like this wide hand for for the hand like this wide hand for for the sign person so PDP they are candidate sign person so PDP they are candidate sign person so PDP they are candidate now woman so they call the PDP sign now woman so they call the PDP sign now woman so they call the PDP sign board opposite JPC himself the woman board opposite JPC himself the woman board opposite JPC himself the woman he open hand like say they hug that man he open hand like say they hug that man he open hand like say they hug that man so husband they pass that that woman so husband they pass that that woman so husband they pass that that woman husband so my wife now say they go for husband so my wife now say they go for husband so my wife now say they go for the party now hug they go up don't the party now hug they go up don't the party now hug they go up don't forget sign say call area boys they call forget sign say call area boys they call forget sign say call area boys they call cut the man that man way they call cut cut the man that man way they call cut cut the man that man way they call cut the hand so APC go cut the woman hand the hand so APC go cut the woman hand the hand so APC go cut the woman hand say they call they cut as they cut the say they call they cut as they cut the say they call they cut as they cut the thing they affect Get the woman for thing they affect Get the woman for thing they affect Get the woman for house because spiritual matters for this house because spiritual matters for this house because spiritual matters for this our work. So, so they are dog called a our work. So, so they are dog called a our work. So, so they are dog called a dream as their dog they dream. Say dream as their dog they dream. Say dream as their dog they dream. Say their dog dog who wo wo wo the dog they their dog dog who wo wo wo the dog they their dog dog who wo wo wo the dog they dream say crocodile who be now who they dream say crocodile who be now who they dream say crocodile who be now who they blow whistle blow whistle blow whistle now honorary they blow whistle. So I now honorary they blow whistle. So I now honorary they blow whistle. So I blow for palace. blow for palace. blow for palace. So now as the dog they dream coca go So now as the dog they dream coca go So now as the dog they dream coca go tell co c co c co c co c co c co c co c co c co c co cod and I be leader of secret co c co cod and I be leader of secret co c co cod and I be leader of secret court for their court for their court for their where are day before where are day where are day before where are day where are day before where are day before now. So my friend go buy my friend go buy So my friend go buy my friend go buy So my friend go buy my friend go buy wristwatch for prepared meter. So I buy wristwatch for prepared meter. So I buy wristwatch for prepared meter. So I buy for her be home. So my wife say join Osu. So as he joined So my wife say join Osu. So as he joined So my wife say join Osu. So as he joined Osu he said every year they bring one f Osu he said every year they bring one f Osu he said every year they bring one f say December he go win cow. So every day so every day my wife they bring one so every day my wife they bring one so every day my wife they bring one phone one f January to February phone one f January to February phone one f January to February to December. So our customer just go to December. So our customer just go to December. So our customer just go because we write our family name for the because we write our family name for the because we write our family name for the for the foul body. So re our f for the foul body. So re our f for the foul body. So re our f mur native f. So now the woman tie rope mur native f. So now the woman tie rope mur native f. So now the woman tie rope carry the f they pass go police carry the f they pass go police carry the f they pass go police announcement anybody not shoot bangard. announcement anybody not shoot bangard. announcement anybody not shoot bangard. So as police announcement don't shoot So as police announcement don't shoot So as police announcement don't shoot bang policemen come our house call bang policemen come our house call bang policemen come our house call collect four bangers from my brother collect four bangers from my brother collect four bangers from my brother they go put out for pocket. So the next they go put out for pocket. So the next they go put out for pocket. So the next day they go checkpoint as they day they go checkpoint as they day they go checkpoint as they checkpoint he they stop motor he come checkpoint he they stop motor he come checkpoint he they stop motor he come mistake go stop me as he stop young man mistake go stop me as he stop young man mistake go stop me as he stop young man park there as I pack park there as I pack park there as I pack hungry the policeman. He not forget hungry the policeman. He not forget hungry the policeman. He not forget bangard se for for pocket yesterday. So bangard se for for pocket yesterday. So bangard se for for pocket yesterday. So as he touch I still get four cigar for as he touch I still get four cigar for as he touch I still get four cigar for for pocket. So he call carry one of the for pocket. So he call carry one of the for pocket. So he call carry one of the banger lighter like say cigar me go look banger lighter like say cigar me go look banger lighter like say cigar me go look or he say shut up there bring your paper or he say shut up there bring your paper or he say shut up there bring your paper bring your paper he don't even want bring your paper he don't even want bring your paper he don't even want listen to me now put the banger for my listen to me now put the banger for my listen to me now put the banger for my call lighter I know when you light bang call lighter I know when you light bang call lighter I know when you light bang I know they blow once so the time they I know they blow once so the time they I know they blow once so the time they follow me they hold on like this the follow me they hold on like this the follow me they hold on like this the banger they lie small small now don't banger they lie small small now don't banger they lie small small now don't like reach where now I be go so as he like reach where now I be go so as he like reach where now I be go so as he blow all of us call me I drive off but I blow all of us call me I drive off but I blow all of us call me I drive off but I surprise I go they hear park there who surprise I go they hear park there who surprise I go they hear park there who they tell me don't come for a point the they tell me don't come for a point the they tell me don't come for a point the pass. So I don't know say as I come I pass. So I don't know say as I come I pass. So I don't know say as I come I call who they tell me pack there I not call who they tell me pack there I not call who they tell me pack there I not say the man tongue they on top of the do say the man tongue they on top of the do say the man tongue they on top of the do for mong for mong for mong they tell me pack there pack there so I they tell me pack there pack there so I they tell me pack there pack there so I can't carry the tongue they were carry can't carry the tongue they were carry can't carry the tongue they were carry any DPO tongue way lost but the man any any DPO tongue way lost but the man any any DPO tongue way lost but the man any tongue way lost make call collector the tongue way lost make call collector the tongue way lost make call collector the man still not be own so man still not be own so man still not be own so with this few point of mine I don't for this work see time 1:00 now I don't for this work see time 1:00 now I don't for this work see time 1:00 now they talk to some of then ah man all the they talk to some of then ah man all the they talk to some of then ah man all the married clap for only the married men I married clap for only the married men I married clap for only the married men I beg it not easy a man go provide for the beg it not easy a man go provide for the beg it not easy a man go provide for the family he go pays children school fees family he go pays children school fees family he go pays children school fees the wife not the work listen oh the wife the wife not the work listen oh the wife the wife not the work listen oh the wife is doing nothing providing Everything is doing nothing providing Everything is doing nothing providing Everything the woman lack nothing then later the the woman lack nothing then later the the woman lack nothing then later the woman go see say my husband is not woman go see say my husband is not woman go see say my husband is not romantic person they do all those kind romantic person they do all those kind romantic person they do all those kind things so he go get romantic go they things so he go get romantic go they things so he go get romantic go they romantic is it possible now the issue I romantic is it possible now the issue I romantic is it possible now the issue I face for my house with that I don't I face for my house with that I don't I face for my house with that I don't I don't me I don't know say man on don't me I don't know say man on don't me I don't know say man on Christmas day they buy gift they go give Christmas day they buy gift they go give Christmas day they buy gift they go give your wife me I sab on Christmas day goat your wife me I sab on Christmas day goat your wife me I sab on Christmas day goat we kill so the goat will kill the guy we kill so the goat will kill the guy we kill so the goat will kill the guy they kill her now they kill the goat they kill her now they kill the goat they kill her now they kill the goat >> because the boy is strong way well. >> because the boy is strong way well. >> because the boy is strong way well. So the goat call get go get two So the goat call get go get two So the goat call get go get two children. One of the children say get children. One of the children say get children. One of the children say get append. So I >> now here today I not well that's 23 now. 23 that's 23 now. 23 that's 23 now. 23 I not do 10 minutes. Yes. Remain 5 I not do 10 minutes. Yes. Remain 5 I not do 10 minutes. Yes. Remain 5 minutes. Remain 5 minutes before I go. minutes. Remain 5 minutes before I go. minutes. Remain 5 minutes before I go. Eh. So last week this one happened. We Eh. So last week this one happened. We Eh. So last week this one happened. We go we go hospital you know say we go go we go hospital you know say we go go we go hospital you know say we go general hospital I don't about but if general hospital I don't about but if general hospital I don't about but if you go general hospital you go all those you go general hospital you go all those you go general hospital you go all those women world especally those get ble you women world especally those get ble you women world especally those get ble you see there men general hospital one man see there men general hospital one man see there men general hospital one man very wicked man give two women but the very wicked man give two women but the very wicked man give two women but the women not know say now one man give so women not know say now one man give so women not know say now one man give so you know say women they touch each other you know say women they touch each other you know say women they touch each other how how much how many months be your say how how much how many months be your say how how much how many months be your say my own eight say eight wow 8 months now my own eight say eight wow 8 months now my own eight say eight wow 8 months now be like this your big you how many nine be like this your big you how many nine be like this your big you how many nine your own small you know they women like your own small you know they women like your own small you know they women like themsel so the two women don't know say themsel so the two women don't know say themsel so the two women don't know say now one but the children know so the now one but the children know so the now one but the children know so the children children children light follow the children know inside light follow the children know inside light follow the children know inside they know say so one other woman the they know say so one other woman the they know say so one other woman the other woman call they shop puff puff so other woman call they shop puff puff so other woman call they shop puff puff so he not give this other woman so this he not give this other woman so this he not give this other woman so this piko they lose as this man they shop the piko they lose as this man they shop the piko they lose as this man they shop the food they enter so this [\h__\h] made this food they enter so this [\h__\h] made this food they enter so this [\h__\h] made this woman give her that is fresh for give woman give her that is fresh for give woman give her that is fresh for give another woman knacking hand that night another woman knacking hand that night another woman knacking hand that night time the tie signboard from shop right time the tie signboard from shop right time the tie signboard from shop right go pull for angle park. So as the car go pull for angle park. So as the car go pull for angle park. So as the car the shop go the guy will fix eyelashes the shop go the guy will fix eyelashes the shop go the guy will fix eyelashes for foul as he fix the eyelashes for the for foul as he fix the eyelashes for the for foul as he fix the eyelashes for the nohere now wait 5 minutes I want half of nohere now wait 5 minutes I want half of nohere now wait 5 minutes I want half of this all go before come this all go before come this all go before come so my friend go buy disabled f the so my friend go buy disabled f the so my friend go buy disabled f the disabled fa disabled fa disabled fa so as they bring come so as they bring come so as they bring come so that they bring a aa so so that they bring a aa so so that they bring a aa so that in DNA A the other one as so that in DNA A the other one as so that in DNA A the other one as so this guy not tire carry me come this guy not tire carry me come this guy not tire carry me come never see anything never see anything never see anything come I not say food bene here come worry come I not say food bene here come worry come I not say food bene here come worry me come see all this dummy not be dummy me come see all this dummy not be dummy me come see all this dummy not be dummy I mean man they call her they sell I mean man they call her they sell I mean man they call her they sell clothes one guy they send man clothes clothes one guy they send man clothes clothes one guy they send man clothes the other they send man woman clothes so the other they send man woman clothes so the other they send man woman clothes so when they close they pack their dummy when they close they pack their dummy when they close they pack their dummy for so as they come back they go I say for so as they come back they go I say for so as they come back they go I say this dummy he go face this time what this dummy he go face this time what this dummy he go face this time what they make say for night they pass up they make say for night they pass up they make say for night they pass up they go meet this other do so after 9 they go meet this other do so after 9 they go meet this other do so after 9 month that call so I see month that call so I see month that call so I see so I see G the one go 3 minutes so I see so I see G the one go 3 minutes so I see so I see G the one go 3 minutes so I see G they call us and they said pregnancy G they call us and they said pregnancy G they call us and they said pregnancy close so he call they call say children close so he call they call say children close so he call they call say children clothes so I think children close one clothes so I think children close one clothes so I think children close one day just see some children they go day just see some children they go day just see some children they go school now he call they follow them they school now he call they follow them they school now he call they follow them they go you you be human being say in the go you you be human being say in the go you you be human being say in the night because that woman very wicked night because that woman very wicked night because that woman very wicked inject her give her we so the do wear so inject her give her we so the do wear so inject her give her we so the do wear so as do they go in calorie don't dry as do they go in calorie don't dry as do they go in calorie don't dry because intestine they up so the photo because intestine they up so the photo because intestine they up so the photo never dry now this guy pity for this guy pity for this guy pity for the guy not even know where to look are Are you hearing me? You know they are Are you hearing me? You know they are Are you hearing me? You know they hear me. Don't worry. As soon we hear me. Don't worry. As soon we hear me. Don't worry. As soon we hear one thing hear one thing hear one thing I beg. So lastly let me do this one then I beg. So lastly let me do this one then I beg. So lastly let me do this one then I go because I go because I go because there when I reach Lagos I hear of this there when I reach Lagos I hear of this there when I reach Lagos I hear of this artist joke as I reach Lego say M said artist joke as I reach Lego say M said artist joke as I reach Lego say M said talk. If you interview Malik say I talk. If you interview Malik say I talk. If you interview Malik say I started from the go started from the go started from the go interview a say start from go interview interview a say start from go interview interview a say start from go interview B where start from go even whiskey and B where start from go even whiskey and B where start from go even whiskey and they say they start from G. So now since they say they start from G. So now since they say they start from G. So now since all the artist start from G which we do all the artist start from G which we do all the artist start from G which we do environmental so I do environmental so I environmental so I do environmental so I environmental so I do environmental so I small small some inside this small small some inside this small small some inside this inside the go. inside the go. inside the go. So, so with this viewpoint of mine, I've so with this viewpoint of mine, I've so with this viewpoint of mine, I've been able to I've been able to convince you that I've been able to convince you that I've been able to convince you that foundation is better than empty land. foundation is better than empty land. foundation is better than empty land. Thank you very much. Attention. Attention. Attention. >> MC Casino's game of jokes.