Today we are walking through the steps
to make my sewing pattern at the Avenue
shorts. So, these shorts are designed to
very much be a closet staple, but also
be endlessly customizable. Base pattern
features a moderately high rise, an
elastic waistband, and a subtle A-line
silhouette. You can also add inseam
pockets, back pockets, a split hem, a
ruffle hem, and side stripes. So,
between all of those optional elements,
you can actually make a total of 24
possible versions, depending on how you
combine them. Thankfully, we are not
going to be making 24 pairs of shorts
today, but we are going to be making
four pairs of shorts. And between those
four pairs, all of the optional elements
will be represented. So, no matter what
version you are making today, every
technique will be shown in this
tutorial. Let me quickly introduce the
four pairs of shorts that we are going
to see in this tutorial. Pair one, and
the main pair that we are going to be
doing together, is this floral twill
version that features a split hem, back
pockets, and inseam pockets. Pair two is
made from a French terry, which is kind
of like a sweatshirt material. This is
the simplest version that we're going to
be making today. It's only optional
element is the side stripes. Pair three
is another French terry version, also
with side stripes, but this time we've
added a split hem. These ones might be
my favorite of the bunch. I will be
wearing them on repeat. And finally,
pair four is made from a cotton linen
blend. This pair has a ruffle hem and
inseam pockets. I'll be making a size 12
in all of the shorts today. If you need
help finding your size, the pattern has
detailed instructions on how to choose
your size, but I also have a video that
walks through how to find your perfect
size in any sewing pattern, so check
that out if that is of interest. As I
said, the floral twill pair will be the
main one that you're going to see in
this tutorial because most of the core
steps of the pattern are the same for
any version, but anytime a different
method or option comes up in the
pattern, I'll cut over to a different
version of the shorts we're making to
walk through those steps. So, that's
what you can expect from the flow of
this video. Finally, this tutorial is
meant to be a companion to the written
instructions. You will not be able to
make these shorts if you do not have a
copy of the Avenue shorts pattern.
Throughout this video, there will be
on-screen labels that will match the
prompts in the written instructions, and
I've also included timestamps so you can
easily jump to whatever section you
need. All right, let's make some shorts.
So, at this point you should have your
pattern pieces already cut out, and you
should have at least reviewed the
information in the beginning of the
written instructions of the pattern, and
we are going to jump straight into the
[music] construction.
The first optional element that you
would need to prep for if you are
including it is back pockets, and we are
going to be adding back pockets to our
cotton twill pair of Avenue shorts. This
fabric has a clear right and wrong side
and is a pretty sturdy 8.5 oz cotton.
The first thing we're going to do is
fold and press the top edge of the back
pocket, which is pattern piece D. I'm
going to be using my handy hot ruler a
lot in this tutorial. You can iron
straight on top of it, so it makes it
really easy to measure things while
you're ironing. So, the first fold we're
doing here is a 3/8 of an inch fold
toward the wrong side, and then we're
going to do a fold again 1 inch this
time. And there is a notch on the
pattern piece that marks that second
fold, so it's really easy to identify.
Then you are simply going to edge stitch
that fold in place.
Now that that's done, we are going to
fold and press the remaining five edges
3/8 of an inch, again, toward the wrong
side.
I like to pin these folds in place,
especially when I'm working with a
heavier fabric like this that doesn't
really want to hold the folds that I am
making.
I just find that the clips help
everything stay in place before I can
transfer the pocket to the actual pant
leg.
Once you folded all the edges, it is
time [music] to align your pocket with
the drill holes that you made on your
back pant piece. Now, I marked my drill
holes, which are the little points that
I'm going to align the pocket to, with a
heat-erasable pen, and I can actually
see it very well, but I recognize that
on camera it is hard to see those little
marks with the pattern on the fabric.
So, hopefully pointing those out helps
you see them better. Basically, what I'm
doing is aligning the six points of the
back pocket to the six drill holes that
I've marked from the pattern. And don't
be discouraged if not all of the points
line up perfectly. There is some margin
for error between transferring the drill
holes from the pattern piece and the
precision, or lack thereof, from your
pocket folds. My advice is to get as
close as you can to matching it all up,
and don't stress unless it is crazily
[music] off target.
Now comes the fun part. We are going to
topstitch the back pocket in place with
two rows of stitching. The first row is
an edge stitch along the sides and
bottom, pivoting your needle when you
get to a corner.
Go slow and steady here. The stitching
will, of course, be visible, so it's
worth it to take your time. Depending on
your fabric choice, you could even do a
fun contrasting thread here to really
make the top stitching stand-out.
Once you get to the opposite top corner
from where you started, pivot your
stitch in a U shape to end up [music]
1/4 inch away from your first stitch.
Now, you'll be going in the opposite
direction toward your starting [music]
point. Really keep your eye on that
first row of stitching while you're
doing your second so you keep the
distance consistent. Even a millimeter
here or there will stick [music] out
like a sore thumb.
When you make it back to where you
started, give it a secure backstitch and
snip your thread. Then, take a minute to
admire your beautiful pocket.
If you weren't making your second pocket
while you were doing your first, make
sure to do that now unless of course
you're only you doing one pocket on your
shorts.
If you are adding side stripes to your
avenues, this is the time to prep them.
If not, you can skip ahead. The fabric
we're using for this version is French
terry, which is a heavy-ish sweatshirt
material. For the side stripes, I am
using pre-made 1/2 inch single fold bias
tape, which I've cut into strips
approximately the length of the shorts
side seams.
If you're unfamiliar with single fold
bias tape, it's essentially a 1 inch
strip of fabric cut on the bias with 1/4
inch folds on either side. So, you can
use pre-made or you can make your own
strips folded like bias [music] tape.
Now, what we're going to do is we are
going to gently unfold our bias tape and
align it along the side edges of the
pant [music] pieces, right sides
together.
Now, when we stitch the bias tape in
place, we are going to stitch along the
fold the furthest from the edge, which
should be at about a 3/4" seam
allowance.
I'm actually going to pencil a line
along this fold just so it's easier for
you to see for the tutorial sake.
For reference, when the shorts are
complete, each side stripe will sit a
1/4" away from the side seam or 1/2"
away from each other. If you wanted to
change that distance for a future pair,
you would simply just line up the bias
tape further or closer to the edge.
Next [music] up, we are going to fold
the bias tape over the stitch line that
we just made, making sure that the raw
edge folds under as well. It should come
together quite nicely since the bias
tape was pre-folded in this shape
already. Don't need to pin at this step
because the bias tape stays put quite
well. So, simply top stitch your side
stripe in place.
And that's it. Don't forget to add a
stripe to your other three pant pieces,
making sure that you're stitching on the
right side. I find it helpful at this
stage to lay out all of my pant pieces
so I don't accidentally add stripes
[music] to the wrong side of one pant
leg.
It's time now to add inseam pockets. If
you're not including inseam pockets, you
can skip ahead. I opted to use a
lightweight cotton for the pockets on
these shorts since the twill is so heavy
and I don't want any added bulk. The
pockets aren't going to be visible at
all from the outside, so it really
doesn't matter that the design isn't a
perfect match. We first need to finish
the curved raw edge of all of our pocket
bags. This can be done either with a
serger, which is what I'm using, or a
zigzag stitch on your regular sewing
machine.
If you're new to finishing raw edges
with a sewing machine, I have a tutorial
that you can follow that walks through a
few [music] different options.
Only the curved edge needs to be
finished. Both of the straight edges you
can leave as is.
For the next [music] step, I highly
recommend laying out all four of your
pant pieces, which should be mirrored,
meaning they're not identical, but
mirror images, since you're making one
right leg and one left leg.
Align the pocket bags right sides
together with the topmost notch on the
pant pieces.
Pin your pocket bags in place so they
don't slide around and then stitch them
with a 3/8 of an [music] inch seam
allowance.
Once again, use a serger or zigzag
stitch to finish the raw edge all along
the side.
When you've stitched your pocket down
and finished your raw edge, splay your
pocket open and press the seam allowance
toward the pocket bag.
Keep in mind that while I'm mainly
showing one pocket and one pant piece,
this whole process is much more
efficient when you're repeating the
steps with all similar pieces together.
Finally, we are going to understitch the
seam allowance in place. An understitch
is similar to an edge stitch. You do a
straight stitch close to the edge of the
fabric, but through the seam allowance.
The purpose is to prevent the fabric
from rolling to the visible side of the
garment and it only appears on the
garment's underside.
If you did not add inseam pockets, but
you are doing a split hem, at this stage
you'll need to finish the raw edge of
your pant pieces A and B with either a
serger, which is how I'll be doing it,
or a zigzag stitch on your regular
sewing machine.
The fabric that I'm using for this
version of the Avenue shorts is a French
terry cotton. It's a knit fabric, but it
is sturdy enough that you can follow all
the regular construction methods of this
pattern, which is generally for woven
fabrics without an issue.
Now, we'll be attaching our front and
back pant pieces. There are a few
different methods for this step
depending on your chosen version, and we
will be walking through all of them
here. First off, if you are not adding
inseam pockets, simply lay your back
pant and front pant pieces on top of
each other, aligning the side seams with
right sides together.
Pin or clip in [music] place.
If you are adding inseam pockets, lay
your back pant and front pant pieces
with pockets attached on top of each
other, right sides together. Line
everything up and pin or clip in place.
If you are including a split hem, this
step is very important. Make a mark at
the side seam 4 in above the bottom
edge. This is where you are going to end
your stitch in the next step, so be sure
to mark it very clearly so you don't
miss it.
If you are not adding inseam pockets,
like on our green pair here, simply
stitch along the side seam with a 1/2 in
seam allowance.
If you are adding a split hem, your raw
edge will have already been finished,
but for a regular hem, not split, finish
the raw edge now.
If you have added inseam pockets, stitch
along the side seam with a half an inch
seam allowance. When you get to the top
of the pocket bag, pivot your needle and
stitch around the pocket with a 3/8 of
an inch seam allowance.
I like to do a small backstitch at both
pivot points of the pocket for added
durability, but it's totally optional.
When you get back to the side seam,
resume your half inch seam allowance.
And if you're doing a split hem, like we
are here, be sure to stop at the marking
you made previously and give it a good
backstitch.
Here's a good look at my stitch line.
You can see where I stopped for the
split hem and [music] where I did small
backstitches at the opening of the
pocket.
How you press your side seam will be
dependent on what version you're making.
So, for a regular hem, not split or
ruffle, you can press your hem either
direction. Here, I'm pressing it toward
the back pant.
In our striped version, we'll be doing a
ruffle hem with pockets. So, we're going
to press the side seam and the attached
pocket toward the front pant.
At this stage, we'll also put one pin in
the pocket, securing it parallel to our
waistband.
For a split [music] hem with pockets,
like our twill pair, press the pocket
and the side seam above the pocket
toward the front pant.
Pin that pocket in place parallel to the
waistband.
Below the pocket, press the side seam
open flat and be sure to maintain the
half an inch folded seam allowance of
the split hem after your stitch [music]
ends.
I find it very helpful to move one side
of the split hem out of the way while I
press the other.
Finally, [music] for a split hem without
pockets, you're going to press the
entire side seam open flat.
And make [music] sure you are
maintaining that half an inch folded
seam allowance for the split hem after
your stitch [music] ends.
For a split hem with side stripes, make
sure you're checking both the right and
[music] wrong sides. Little
discrepancies in seam allowance can
throw all of the spacing around the
stripes out of whack.
This next step is for split hems only.
[music] If that is not you, skip ahead.
We are going to stitch our pressed split
hem in place in a U shape. With outside
stripes, I find it easiest to make this
stitch with the wrong side of the fabric
facing up.
Start at the bottom edge and stitch
around [music] the split with a 3/8 of
an inch seam allowance.
Pivot your needle at the top to create
right angles.
And I like [music] to backstitch along
the top as well for added durability.
This is what your stitched split hem
should look like from both the wrong and
right sides.
The process is similar if you have side
stripes, but slightly different. [music]
In this case, I find it easiest to make
the stitch with the right side of the
fabric facing up. And this is because we
are going to stitch along the stripe to
secure the seam allowance [music] in
place.
So, this will roughly be a scant 3/8 of
an inch seam allowance, but I would pay
more attention to following the stripe
than the seam allowance as that will
produce the cleanest finish
aesthetically.
And here's what that split [music] hem
should look like with the seam allowance
stitched in place.
We are now going to baste the pockets in
place, which of course only applies if
you have added in seam pockets. With
your pockets pinned so that the top edge
is parallel to the top of the waistband,
add a small basting [music] stitch to
hold the pocket in place.
A basting stitch is a temporary stitch
with a long 5-mm stitch length. This
easy to pull out later when it is no
longer needed, so be sure not to
backstitch.
At this stage, we are going to pre-fold
the hem in place for everyone not doing
a ruffle hem.
Folding the hem now as a flat line is
going to be much easier than trying to
fold the hem once the pant legs are
small circles.
First, fold the bottom edge up 3/8
[music] of an inch and then 1 inch.
This French terry fabric really did not
want to stay in place, so I used quite a
few pins to hold the hem, but generally
I would say the pins are optional here
depending on how obedient your fabric
is.
Pre-folding a split hem is essentially
the same. First, you fold 3/8 of an
inch, then 1 inch, but you do need to
take extra care around the split.
Most importantly, make sure that both
sides of the split are folded the same
amount [music] so that one side doesn't
end up longer than the other.
Also, fold squarely so no seam allowance
is visible from the outside.
On this pair, I actually tucked the
points of the split hem back at an angle
to make sure that the tips wouldn't poke
out since this fabric is a [music] bit
bulky.
Next, we'll be attaching both pant legs
[music] at the rise, which is the same
for all versions.
Place the pant legs on top of one
another with the right sides together,
matching up the two back pant and front
[music] pant rises to each other.
Pin or clip together and sew both rises
with a half an inch seam allowance.
Finally, finish your raw edges with
either serger, like I'm doing here, or a
zigzag stitch.
Once both rises are sewn up, you'll want
to press the seam allowance to one
[music] side.
I find the easiest way to do this is to
slide my shorts on one end of my ironing
board, like I'm pulling on a pair of
shorts.
And it really doesn't matter which way
you press the seam allowance unless, of
course, you have a preference. The main
goal is to get it to lay [music] flat.
At this point, your shorts are starting
to take shape [music] and they're
looking pretty cute. I am very pleased
at this stage.
For this pair, I decided to do two rows
of top stitching along the front and
back rise, which is totally optional.
Since this pair is very much giving '90s
toddler denim shorts, in the best way,
top stitching felt like it matched that
[music] vibe.
Essentially, all I'm doing is two rows
of stitching through the seam allowance.
The first is along the edge of the seam,
and the second is a quarter inch away
from the first. This is exactly how we
top stitched the back pockets as well.
Like I said, top stitching is totally
optional. On most of my avenues with
light or medium weight fabrics, I
haven't been top stitching at all. On
this pair, I did two rows, and [music]
on my French terry pairs, I ended up
doing one row of top stitching. It just
seemed appropriate to help the thicker
seam allowance stay flat and to add some
structure to the shorts.
Moving on, we will now be attaching the
inseam. This [music] is the same for all
versions, although there are some slight
considerations if you have a ruffle or
regular hem. Our green pair here has a
regular hem, which we did pre-fold.
You'll want to first line up the seams
of the front [music] and back rise at
the center of the inseam and pin in
place.
Then, pin along the rest of the inseam,
temporarily unfolding that pre-folded
hem.
Once that's all pinned in place, stitch
along the inseam at a half an inch seam
allowance.
If you have a ruffle hem, the only
difference here is that you didn't
pre-fold a hem, so there's nothing to
unfold, and your shorts will look
slightly different at this stage.
And of course, finish the raw edge with
a serger or a zigzag stitch. [music]
Once the inseam is sewn together, press
the seam allowance toward the back. And
don't worry too much about un-pressing
your pre-pressed hem. That's a mouthful.
You are going to touch it up again here
and pin everything nicely in place
again.
In fact, I hope you're happy you did all
of that pre-folding because now it is
fully ready to stitch in place for a
regular hem, of course. If you're doing
a ruffle hem, skip ahead.
If you are doing a regular hem without a
split, edge stitch in place all around
the leg circumference.
I did have a decent amount of bulk at
the side seams, both with this fabric
being fairly heavy and the side stripes
folded over on themselves. But even so,
my presser foot was able to climb over
just fine with a bit of extra help.
With the hem complete, this pair of
shorts is really starting to take shape
and I can already tell they're going to
be so stinking cute and comfy. I'm
really glad that I decided to use this
fabric.
To finish a split hem, edge [music]
stitch in place starting and stopping
your stitch on either side of the split.
For heavier fabrics like this twill,
getting your stitch started on a fold
like this can sometimes be tricky. I
recommend starting your stitch about
half an inch or so into the fabric and
then backstitching off the edge of the
fold.
Continue your stitch all the way around
the circumference of the hem and do
another good bit of backstitching when
you get to the other side of the split.
Because you already stitched the split
in place, you should be left with a
really nice clean finish around the hem.
The hemming process is the same whether
you have side stripes or not, but just
for reference, here is my side stripe
plus split hem combo pair.
I ended up doing two little tacking
stitches at the opening of the split hem
just because of the bulk of the fabric.
I wanted to make sure that everything
stayed tucked nicely inside the fold
here.
Now it is time to tackle a ruffle hem.
If that doesn't apply to you, skip
ahead. This is the point your shorts
should be at if you are adding a ruffle.
The rise and inseam should be attached
and the hem should be raw and unfolded.
Take your ruffle pattern piece, which is
a long strip of fabric, and fold it in
half lengthwise and press.
Then line up the two short ends right
sides together and pin in place,
temporarily unfolding what you just
pressed. [music]
Stitch along the edge with a 3/8 of an
inch seam allowance and then press that
seam allowance open flat.
Finally, re-press that fold you made
originally and you will be left with a
loop of fabric folded in half
lengthwise. This is about to become our
ruffle.
To gather the ruffle, we'll be making
two rows of basting stitches starting at
the center seam that we made. If you're
unfamiliar, a basting stitch has a long
5 mm stitch length, which is going to
allow us to pull our gathers. So, make
sure you don't backstitch or overlap
your stitches. The first basting stitch
is at a 3/8 of an inch seam allowance.
Stop that stitch about an inch away from
where you started, snip your thread, and
start a new stitch at 5/8 of an inch
seam allowance, which is a quarter inch
away from your first stitch.
Again, stop that stitch about an inch
away from where you started, and this is
what your stopping and starting points
should look like, each with a small tail
a few inches long.
Before we attach the ruffle to the
shorts hem, I find it helpful to mark
the halfway point of the ruffle and the
hem. This is optional, but I think it
makes everything easier in the long run.
First, I'm folding the ruffle in half,
pinching the seam at one end, and then
at the other end I'm pinching that will
be the halfway point, so I will make a
small snip there, being careful not to
cut into my stitches. I'll do the same
thing at the hem, pinching the inseam at
one end, and making a snip at the
opposite pinch to mark the halfway point
of the hem, which is notably not the
side seam as the back pant is wider than
the front.
Finally, it is time to attach the
ruffle. First, I'm going to match up the
seam of the ruffle to the right side of
the hem at the inseam.
Pin that in place, and then I will line
up the two halfway points that I
snipped.
At this point, the ruffle will be much
longer than the hem, which means it is
time to gather. To do so, hold the two
tails of your basting stitches on one
side of the ruffle and pull gently with
your other hand. This is [music] going
to gather the fabric.
Repeat this process, gathering your
fabric toward the halfway point until
your ruffle is equally distributed
around the first half of your shorts
hem.
I highly recommend taking your time for
this process to ensure that the ruffles
aren't too bunched in one spot or too
sparse in another. I like to pin as I
go, but I often go back and make
adjustments until everything is sitting
just right.
When your first half is adequately
ruffled, repeat the process on the other
half, this time pulling from the two
tails of your basting stitches on the
other side of the ruffle.
Now, we are going to stitch the ruffle
in place in the center of our two
basting stitches here, which will be at
a half of an inch seam allowance. This
one is not a basting stitch, so use your
regular stitch length.
There's definitely a lot going on here
with all the ruffles and the clips, so
go slow. Your basting stitches should
hold the gathers in place fairly well,
but don't be shy about adjusting the
gathers with your fingers as you go.
I find that holding the gathers kind of
flat with my left hand while I stitch
helps them lay nicely as they pass under
my needle.
When you get back to your starting
point, overlap your stitch and
backstitch. There are a lot of stitches
to look at here, but this is roughly
what your hem should look like at this
point.
Next, you'll want to finish the raw
edge. I'm especially grateful for my
serger here as it is trimming away the
uneven and frayed bits at the top while
it overlocks the edge.
If you're doing a zigzag stitch here, I
might first trim the edge with scissors
to remove those bits.
Once you finish the raw edge, you can
remove the second [music] basting
stitch, which would be visible from the
right side of the fabric.
All you should need to do is pull on the
[music] tail of the basting stitch until
it comes loose, but you may need to seam
rip bits of it out if it's having
trouble budging.
Then, from the right side, you can
easily pull the other thread away.
If you have little frayed bits of thread
stuck in your seam, those should come
out easily as well.
Next, we are going to press the seam
allowance up toward the shorts or away
from the ruffle. This helps the ruffles
lay flat because we want to avoid any
little duck tails.
Then, to make sure the seam allowance
really stays in place, we are going to
topstitch along the edge of the seam
through the seam allowance. [music]
And with that, our ruffle hem is
officially complete.
Now, it is [music] time to construct our
waistband, the method of which will be
the same for all versions.
First, we are going to press the top
edge of the waistband down 3/8 of an
inch around the entire circumference. It
is important to double-check your
measurements for these folds because if
you don't fold enough, you won't have
room for your elastic, and if you fold
too much, you could end up with some
very low-rise shorts, which is not what
we're going for.
After you've done your first fold, you
are going to do a second at 1 and 1/4
inches. When making this fold, I find it
much easier to first fold and press at
the four main seams, the center back,
the center front, and the two side
seams.
By getting those four points folded the
correct amount first, the rest of the
waistband in between will just fold
nicely in place.
Here is my waistband fully pressed, and
here is also a reminder that if you have
a tag, not to forget it. I love putting
tags in my handmade garments, but it is
so easy to forget when the time comes.
Now it is time to [music] edge stitch
the waistband in place. When you do so,
the top edge of your inseam pockets, the
ones that [music] we basted in place,
should be tucked nicely into the
waistband and our stitch here should
permanently anchor them into the
waistband.
When you get back around to your
starting place, be sure to stop about 2
in before overlapping your stitch,
leaving a gap where we'll be inserting
our elastic.
Here you can see the pockets anchored in
[music] the waistband, which means that
we can officially remove the basting
stitch that we made previously. You
should be able to simply pull it by the
tail, but if it gives you any trouble,
you can seam rip [music] it in a spot or
two, like I had to do.
It is time to insert the elastic into
our waistband. To do so, attach a large
safety pin to the end of the elastic.
Feed it through the gap you left in the
last step, pushing and pulling the
safety pin and the elastic all the way
through the channel until it comes out
the other side.
Make sure you leave a 2 to 3 in tail of
the elastic hanging out where you
started because you don't [music] want
the whole thing getting sucked inside
the channel. A quick note about
waistband length. So, there is a chart
in the pattern that gives you an elastic
length [music] suggestion based on your
size, but your ideal length may vary
depending on your measurements or your
personal preference. An alternative way
to find your preferred elastic length is
to wrap the elastic around your waist
until it feels comfortably snug and then
measure that length and add half an inch
for seam allowance. [music]
Keep in mind that the elastic will
stretch a bit if you plan to top stitch
it, so measure it slightly snugger than
preferred if you plan to do that.
Once the elastic has come out the other
side, overlap the two ends of the
elastic by half an inch and zigzag
stitch them together.
Keep in mind the stitch does not have to
be pretty. It will be on the inside of
your shorts and no one will ever see it.
Once your elastic is stitched together,
this is a good stage to try on the
shorts before sealing the elastic up.
If the waistband feels too loose or too
tight, you can remove the elastic and
make adjustments keeping in mind that it
will loosen a bit if you plan to top
stitch as I mentioned.
At this point, it is time to seal up the
waistband channel. Edge stitch your gap
closed overlapping your starting and
stopping points of your previous stitch
and back stitching.
Your waistband is going to be bunched up
in all sorts of weird ways, so take a
couple minutes to stretch your elastic
repeatedly until the fabric of the
waistband is evenly distributed. [music]
Next, we are going to top stitch the
waistband. This step is optional, but I
love a top stitched waistband. It keeps
the elastic from twisting or folding and
I just think it's a cleaner looking
finish. For this waistband, I am doing
one row of top stitching at about a half
of an inch seam allowance which should
land in between the top of the waistband
and our edge stitch. I've also
lengthened my stitch to a 4 mm stitch
length. [music] As I'm going around the
waistband, I'm pulling the section
directly under my needle gently taut so
the fabric is sitting flat against the
elastic. You want to pull the elastic
while you sew, but don't pull it super
far or it could stretch out too much. I
am super happy with this waistband. I
think it turned out very cute. For
reference, I decided to do two rows of
top stitching for my French terry
shorts. This was simply an aesthetic
choice and I think they turned out very
nice.
And with [music] that, the tutorial has
officially come to an end. Should we do
a little try-on of all of our four
shorts? As I said earlier, the twill
pair feels very 90s toddler denim to me.
This fabric is an 8.5 oz twill, which
I'd say is the tippy top of the fabric
weight range I'd recommend. They're
definitely sturdy, but still soft enough
to be comfortable. And I imagine they'll
soften with wear, too.
I love the back pockets and I love the
split hem. I think these will be a fun
closet staple with a twist since they'll
essentially serve as denim shorts with a
cuter pattern and of course no buttons
or zippers. Yay!
You guys, I am absolutely screaming. I
am so glad I decided to make some French
terry Avenue shorts. I knew they should
work in theory, but it was a bit risky
doing my first run while filming the
tutorial. I would say that the risk paid
off. These will be my new go-to lounge
shorts that are totally put together
enough to wear in public as well,
especially with the added side stripes
which very much elevate the look. The
same goes for this red pair. In fact, I
think I like these a smidge more just
because I'm a sucker for the split hem.
The only thing I would change is adding
in-seam pockets, which would normally
always be my preference, but I had to
sacrifice them on this account to make
sure that I was covering all
combinations of options for this
tutorial. But, who knows? Maybe I'll
unpick and add pockets later.
Finally, our ruffle Avenues. These are
very much giving clown, but in a fun
way. Chic [music] circus, we'll say. The
main reason I chose this fabric is
because it had a clear right and wrong
side for this tutorial, but I actually
think they turned out way cute,
especially paired with this sweater. I
think I just look like a comfy and
stylish toddler, which is the dream
aesthetic, always.
Well, that is it for this tutorial. I
hope you enjoyed and I hope that you
love your shorts. Let me know how it
went in the comments [music] and if you
end up posting your Avenues anywhere, be
sure to tag me so that I can see.
