Today we are walking through the steps Today we are walking through the steps Today we are walking through the steps to make my sewing pattern at the Avenue to make my sewing pattern at the Avenue to make my sewing pattern at the Avenue shorts. So, these shorts are designed to shorts. So, these shorts are designed to shorts. So, these shorts are designed to very much be a closet staple, but also very much be a closet staple, but also very much be a closet staple, but also be endlessly customizable. Base pattern be endlessly customizable. Base pattern be endlessly customizable. Base pattern features a moderately high rise, an features a moderately high rise, an features a moderately high rise, an elastic waistband, and a subtle A-line elastic waistband, and a subtle A-line elastic waistband, and a subtle A-line silhouette. You can also add inseam silhouette. You can also add inseam silhouette. You can also add inseam pockets, back pockets, a split hem, a pockets, back pockets, a split hem, a pockets, back pockets, a split hem, a ruffle hem, and side stripes. So, ruffle hem, and side stripes. So, ruffle hem, and side stripes. So, between all of those optional elements, between all of those optional elements, between all of those optional elements, you can actually make a total of 24 you can actually make a total of 24 you can actually make a total of 24 possible versions, depending on how you possible versions, depending on how you possible versions, depending on how you combine them. Thankfully, we are not combine them. Thankfully, we are not combine them. Thankfully, we are not going to be making 24 pairs of shorts going to be making 24 pairs of shorts going to be making 24 pairs of shorts today, but we are going to be making today, but we are going to be making today, but we are going to be making four pairs of shorts. And between those four pairs of shorts. And between those four pairs of shorts. And between those four pairs, all of the optional elements four pairs, all of the optional elements four pairs, all of the optional elements will be represented. So, no matter what will be represented. So, no matter what will be represented. So, no matter what version you are making today, every version you are making today, every version you are making today, every technique will be shown in this technique will be shown in this technique will be shown in this tutorial. Let me quickly introduce the tutorial. Let me quickly introduce the tutorial. Let me quickly introduce the four pairs of shorts that we are going four pairs of shorts that we are going four pairs of shorts that we are going to see in this tutorial. Pair one, and to see in this tutorial. Pair one, and to see in this tutorial. Pair one, and the main pair that we are going to be the main pair that we are going to be the main pair that we are going to be doing together, is this floral twill doing together, is this floral twill doing together, is this floral twill version that features a split hem, back version that features a split hem, back version that features a split hem, back pockets, and inseam pockets. Pair two is pockets, and inseam pockets. Pair two is pockets, and inseam pockets. Pair two is made from a French terry, which is kind made from a French terry, which is kind made from a French terry, which is kind of like a sweatshirt material. This is of like a sweatshirt material. This is of like a sweatshirt material. This is the simplest version that we're going to the simplest version that we're going to the simplest version that we're going to be making today. It's only optional be making today. It's only optional be making today. It's only optional element is the side stripes. Pair three element is the side stripes. Pair three element is the side stripes. Pair three is another French terry version, also is another French terry version, also is another French terry version, also with side stripes, but this time we've with side stripes, but this time we've with side stripes, but this time we've added a split hem. These ones might be added a split hem. These ones might be added a split hem. These ones might be my favorite of the bunch. I will be my favorite of the bunch. I will be my favorite of the bunch. I will be wearing them on repeat. And finally, wearing them on repeat. And finally, wearing them on repeat. And finally, pair four is made from a cotton linen pair four is made from a cotton linen pair four is made from a cotton linen blend. This pair has a ruffle hem and blend. This pair has a ruffle hem and blend. This pair has a ruffle hem and inseam pockets. I'll be making a size 12 inseam pockets. I'll be making a size 12 inseam pockets. I'll be making a size 12 in all of the shorts today. If you need in all of the shorts today. If you need in all of the shorts today. If you need help finding your size, the pattern has help finding your size, the pattern has help finding your size, the pattern has detailed instructions on how to choose detailed instructions on how to choose detailed instructions on how to choose your size, but I also have a video that your size, but I also have a video that your size, but I also have a video that walks through how to find your perfect walks through how to find your perfect walks through how to find your perfect size in any sewing pattern, so check size in any sewing pattern, so check size in any sewing pattern, so check that out if that is of interest. As I that out if that is of interest. As I that out if that is of interest. As I said, the floral twill pair will be the said, the floral twill pair will be the said, the floral twill pair will be the main one that you're going to see in main one that you're going to see in main one that you're going to see in this tutorial because most of the core this tutorial because most of the core this tutorial because most of the core steps of the pattern are the same for steps of the pattern are the same for steps of the pattern are the same for any version, but anytime a different any version, but anytime a different any version, but anytime a different method or option comes up in the method or option comes up in the method or option comes up in the pattern, I'll cut over to a different pattern, I'll cut over to a different pattern, I'll cut over to a different version of the shorts we're making to version of the shorts we're making to version of the shorts we're making to walk through those steps. So, that's walk through those steps. So, that's walk through those steps. So, that's what you can expect from the flow of what you can expect from the flow of what you can expect from the flow of this video. Finally, this tutorial is this video. Finally, this tutorial is this video. Finally, this tutorial is meant to be a companion to the written meant to be a companion to the written meant to be a companion to the written instructions. You will not be able to instructions. You will not be able to instructions. You will not be able to make these shorts if you do not have a make these shorts if you do not have a make these shorts if you do not have a copy of the Avenue shorts pattern. copy of the Avenue shorts pattern. copy of the Avenue shorts pattern. Throughout this video, there will be Throughout this video, there will be Throughout this video, there will be on-screen labels that will match the on-screen labels that will match the on-screen labels that will match the prompts in the written instructions, and prompts in the written instructions, and prompts in the written instructions, and I've also included timestamps so you can I've also included timestamps so you can I've also included timestamps so you can easily jump to whatever section you easily jump to whatever section you easily jump to whatever section you need. All right, let's make some shorts. need. All right, let's make some shorts. need. All right, let's make some shorts. So, at this point you should have your So, at this point you should have your So, at this point you should have your pattern pieces already cut out, and you pattern pieces already cut out, and you pattern pieces already cut out, and you should have at least reviewed the should have at least reviewed the should have at least reviewed the information in the beginning of the information in the beginning of the information in the beginning of the written instructions of the pattern, and written instructions of the pattern, and written instructions of the pattern, and we are going to jump straight into the we are going to jump straight into the we are going to jump straight into the [music] construction. The first optional element that you The first optional element that you The first optional element that you would need to prep for if you are would need to prep for if you are would need to prep for if you are including it is back pockets, and we are including it is back pockets, and we are including it is back pockets, and we are going to be adding back pockets to our going to be adding back pockets to our going to be adding back pockets to our cotton twill pair of Avenue shorts. This cotton twill pair of Avenue shorts. This cotton twill pair of Avenue shorts. This fabric has a clear right and wrong side fabric has a clear right and wrong side fabric has a clear right and wrong side and is a pretty sturdy 8.5 oz cotton. and is a pretty sturdy 8.5 oz cotton. and is a pretty sturdy 8.5 oz cotton. The first thing we're going to do is The first thing we're going to do is The first thing we're going to do is fold and press the top edge of the back fold and press the top edge of the back fold and press the top edge of the back pocket, which is pattern piece D. I'm pocket, which is pattern piece D. I'm pocket, which is pattern piece D. I'm going to be using my handy hot ruler a going to be using my handy hot ruler a going to be using my handy hot ruler a lot in this tutorial. You can iron lot in this tutorial. You can iron lot in this tutorial. You can iron straight on top of it, so it makes it straight on top of it, so it makes it straight on top of it, so it makes it really easy to measure things while really easy to measure things while really easy to measure things while you're ironing. So, the first fold we're you're ironing. So, the first fold we're you're ironing. So, the first fold we're doing here is a 3/8 of an inch fold doing here is a 3/8 of an inch fold doing here is a 3/8 of an inch fold toward the wrong side, and then we're toward the wrong side, and then we're toward the wrong side, and then we're going to do a fold again 1 inch this going to do a fold again 1 inch this going to do a fold again 1 inch this time. And there is a notch on the time. And there is a notch on the time. And there is a notch on the pattern piece that marks that second pattern piece that marks that second pattern piece that marks that second fold, so it's really easy to identify. fold, so it's really easy to identify. fold, so it's really easy to identify. Then you are simply going to edge stitch Then you are simply going to edge stitch Then you are simply going to edge stitch that fold in place. Now that that's done, we are going to Now that that's done, we are going to Now that that's done, we are going to fold and press the remaining five edges fold and press the remaining five edges fold and press the remaining five edges 3/8 of an inch, again, toward the wrong 3/8 of an inch, again, toward the wrong 3/8 of an inch, again, toward the wrong side. I like to pin these folds in place, I like to pin these folds in place, I like to pin these folds in place, especially when I'm working with a especially when I'm working with a especially when I'm working with a heavier fabric like this that doesn't heavier fabric like this that doesn't heavier fabric like this that doesn't really want to hold the folds that I am really want to hold the folds that I am really want to hold the folds that I am making. making. making. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> I just find that the clips help >> I just find that the clips help >> I just find that the clips help everything stay in place before I can everything stay in place before I can everything stay in place before I can transfer the pocket to the actual pant transfer the pocket to the actual pant transfer the pocket to the actual pant leg. Once you folded all the edges, it is Once you folded all the edges, it is Once you folded all the edges, it is time [music] to align your pocket with time [music] to align your pocket with time [music] to align your pocket with the drill holes that you made on your the drill holes that you made on your the drill holes that you made on your back pant piece. Now, I marked my drill back pant piece. Now, I marked my drill back pant piece. Now, I marked my drill holes, which are the little points that holes, which are the little points that holes, which are the little points that I'm going to align the pocket to, with a I'm going to align the pocket to, with a I'm going to align the pocket to, with a heat-erasable pen, and I can actually heat-erasable pen, and I can actually heat-erasable pen, and I can actually see it very well, but I recognize that see it very well, but I recognize that see it very well, but I recognize that on camera it is hard to see those little on camera it is hard to see those little on camera it is hard to see those little marks with the pattern on the fabric. marks with the pattern on the fabric. marks with the pattern on the fabric. So, hopefully pointing those out helps So, hopefully pointing those out helps So, hopefully pointing those out helps you see them better. Basically, what I'm you see them better. Basically, what I'm you see them better. Basically, what I'm doing is aligning the six points of the doing is aligning the six points of the doing is aligning the six points of the back pocket to the six drill holes that back pocket to the six drill holes that back pocket to the six drill holes that I've marked from the pattern. And don't I've marked from the pattern. And don't I've marked from the pattern. And don't be discouraged if not all of the points be discouraged if not all of the points be discouraged if not all of the points line up perfectly. There is some margin line up perfectly. There is some margin line up perfectly. There is some margin for error between transferring the drill for error between transferring the drill for error between transferring the drill holes from the pattern piece and the holes from the pattern piece and the holes from the pattern piece and the precision, or lack thereof, from your precision, or lack thereof, from your precision, or lack thereof, from your pocket folds. My advice is to get as pocket folds. My advice is to get as pocket folds. My advice is to get as close as you can to matching it all up, close as you can to matching it all up, close as you can to matching it all up, and don't stress unless it is crazily and don't stress unless it is crazily and don't stress unless it is crazily [music] off target. Now comes the fun part. We are going to Now comes the fun part. We are going to Now comes the fun part. We are going to topstitch the back pocket in place with topstitch the back pocket in place with topstitch the back pocket in place with two rows of stitching. The first row is two rows of stitching. The first row is two rows of stitching. The first row is an edge stitch along the sides and an edge stitch along the sides and an edge stitch along the sides and bottom, pivoting your needle when you bottom, pivoting your needle when you bottom, pivoting your needle when you get to a corner. get to a corner. get to a corner. Go slow and steady here. The stitching Go slow and steady here. The stitching Go slow and steady here. The stitching will, of course, be visible, so it's will, of course, be visible, so it's will, of course, be visible, so it's worth it to take your time. Depending on worth it to take your time. Depending on worth it to take your time. Depending on your fabric choice, you could even do a your fabric choice, you could even do a your fabric choice, you could even do a fun contrasting thread here to really fun contrasting thread here to really fun contrasting thread here to really make the top stitching stand-out. make the top stitching stand-out. make the top stitching stand-out. Once you get to the opposite top corner Once you get to the opposite top corner Once you get to the opposite top corner from where you started, pivot your from where you started, pivot your from where you started, pivot your stitch in a U shape to end up [music] stitch in a U shape to end up [music] stitch in a U shape to end up [music] 1/4 inch away from your first stitch. 1/4 inch away from your first stitch. 1/4 inch away from your first stitch. Now, you'll be going in the opposite Now, you'll be going in the opposite Now, you'll be going in the opposite direction toward your starting [music] direction toward your starting [music] direction toward your starting [music] point. Really keep your eye on that point. Really keep your eye on that point. Really keep your eye on that first row of stitching while you're first row of stitching while you're first row of stitching while you're doing your second so you keep the doing your second so you keep the doing your second so you keep the distance consistent. Even a millimeter distance consistent. Even a millimeter distance consistent. Even a millimeter here or there will stick [music] out here or there will stick [music] out here or there will stick [music] out like a sore thumb. When you make it back to where you When you make it back to where you When you make it back to where you started, give it a secure backstitch and started, give it a secure backstitch and started, give it a secure backstitch and snip your thread. Then, take a minute to snip your thread. Then, take a minute to snip your thread. Then, take a minute to admire your beautiful pocket. If you weren't making your second pocket If you weren't making your second pocket If you weren't making your second pocket while you were doing your first, make while you were doing your first, make while you were doing your first, make sure to do that now unless of course sure to do that now unless of course sure to do that now unless of course you're only you doing one pocket on your you're only you doing one pocket on your you're only you doing one pocket on your shorts. shorts. shorts. >> [music] >> If you are adding side stripes to your >> If you are adding side stripes to your >> If you are adding side stripes to your avenues, this is the time to prep them. avenues, this is the time to prep them. avenues, this is the time to prep them. If not, you can skip ahead. The fabric If not, you can skip ahead. The fabric If not, you can skip ahead. The fabric we're using for this version is French we're using for this version is French we're using for this version is French terry, which is a heavy-ish sweatshirt terry, which is a heavy-ish sweatshirt terry, which is a heavy-ish sweatshirt material. For the side stripes, I am material. For the side stripes, I am material. For the side stripes, I am using pre-made 1/2 inch single fold bias using pre-made 1/2 inch single fold bias using pre-made 1/2 inch single fold bias tape, which I've cut into strips tape, which I've cut into strips tape, which I've cut into strips approximately the length of the shorts approximately the length of the shorts approximately the length of the shorts side seams. side seams. side seams. If you're unfamiliar with single fold If you're unfamiliar with single fold If you're unfamiliar with single fold bias tape, it's essentially a 1 inch bias tape, it's essentially a 1 inch bias tape, it's essentially a 1 inch strip of fabric cut on the bias with 1/4 strip of fabric cut on the bias with 1/4 strip of fabric cut on the bias with 1/4 inch folds on either side. So, you can inch folds on either side. So, you can inch folds on either side. So, you can use pre-made or you can make your own use pre-made or you can make your own use pre-made or you can make your own strips folded like bias [music] tape. Now, what we're going to do is we are Now, what we're going to do is we are Now, what we're going to do is we are going to gently unfold our bias tape and going to gently unfold our bias tape and going to gently unfold our bias tape and align it along the side edges of the align it along the side edges of the align it along the side edges of the pant [music] pieces, right sides pant [music] pieces, right sides pant [music] pieces, right sides together. Now, when we stitch the bias tape in Now, when we stitch the bias tape in Now, when we stitch the bias tape in place, we are going to stitch along the place, we are going to stitch along the place, we are going to stitch along the fold the furthest from the edge, which fold the furthest from the edge, which fold the furthest from the edge, which should be at about a 3/4" seam should be at about a 3/4" seam should be at about a 3/4" seam allowance. allowance. allowance. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> I'm actually going to pencil a line >> I'm actually going to pencil a line >> I'm actually going to pencil a line along this fold just so it's easier for along this fold just so it's easier for along this fold just so it's easier for you to see for the tutorial sake. For reference, when the shorts are For reference, when the shorts are For reference, when the shorts are complete, each side stripe will sit a complete, each side stripe will sit a complete, each side stripe will sit a 1/4" away from the side seam or 1/2" 1/4" away from the side seam or 1/2" 1/4" away from the side seam or 1/2" away from each other. If you wanted to away from each other. If you wanted to away from each other. If you wanted to change that distance for a future pair, change that distance for a future pair, change that distance for a future pair, you would simply just line up the bias you would simply just line up the bias you would simply just line up the bias tape further or closer to the edge. Next [music] up, we are going to fold Next [music] up, we are going to fold Next [music] up, we are going to fold the bias tape over the stitch line that the bias tape over the stitch line that the bias tape over the stitch line that we just made, making sure that the raw we just made, making sure that the raw we just made, making sure that the raw edge folds under as well. It should come edge folds under as well. It should come edge folds under as well. It should come together quite nicely since the bias together quite nicely since the bias together quite nicely since the bias tape was pre-folded in this shape tape was pre-folded in this shape tape was pre-folded in this shape already. Don't need to pin at this step already. Don't need to pin at this step already. Don't need to pin at this step because the bias tape stays put quite because the bias tape stays put quite because the bias tape stays put quite well. So, simply top stitch your side well. So, simply top stitch your side well. So, simply top stitch your side stripe in place. stripe in place. stripe in place. And that's it. Don't forget to add a And that's it. Don't forget to add a And that's it. Don't forget to add a stripe to your other three pant pieces, stripe to your other three pant pieces, stripe to your other three pant pieces, making sure that you're stitching on the making sure that you're stitching on the making sure that you're stitching on the right side. I find it helpful at this right side. I find it helpful at this right side. I find it helpful at this stage to lay out all of my pant pieces stage to lay out all of my pant pieces stage to lay out all of my pant pieces so I don't accidentally add stripes so I don't accidentally add stripes so I don't accidentally add stripes [music] to the wrong side of one pant [music] to the wrong side of one pant [music] to the wrong side of one pant leg. It's time now to add inseam pockets. If It's time now to add inseam pockets. If It's time now to add inseam pockets. If you're not including inseam pockets, you you're not including inseam pockets, you you're not including inseam pockets, you can skip ahead. I opted to use a can skip ahead. I opted to use a can skip ahead. I opted to use a lightweight cotton for the pockets on lightweight cotton for the pockets on lightweight cotton for the pockets on these shorts since the twill is so heavy these shorts since the twill is so heavy these shorts since the twill is so heavy and I don't want any added bulk. The and I don't want any added bulk. The and I don't want any added bulk. The pockets aren't going to be visible at pockets aren't going to be visible at pockets aren't going to be visible at all from the outside, so it really all from the outside, so it really all from the outside, so it really doesn't matter that the design isn't a doesn't matter that the design isn't a doesn't matter that the design isn't a perfect match. We first need to finish perfect match. We first need to finish perfect match. We first need to finish the curved raw edge of all of our pocket the curved raw edge of all of our pocket the curved raw edge of all of our pocket bags. This can be done either with a bags. This can be done either with a bags. This can be done either with a serger, which is what I'm using, or a serger, which is what I'm using, or a serger, which is what I'm using, or a zigzag stitch on your regular sewing zigzag stitch on your regular sewing zigzag stitch on your regular sewing machine. machine. machine. If you're new to finishing raw edges If you're new to finishing raw edges If you're new to finishing raw edges with a sewing machine, I have a tutorial with a sewing machine, I have a tutorial with a sewing machine, I have a tutorial that you can follow that walks through a that you can follow that walks through a that you can follow that walks through a few [music] different options. few [music] different options. few [music] different options. Only the curved edge needs to be Only the curved edge needs to be Only the curved edge needs to be finished. Both of the straight edges you finished. Both of the straight edges you finished. Both of the straight edges you can leave as is. can leave as is. can leave as is. For the next [music] step, I highly For the next [music] step, I highly For the next [music] step, I highly recommend laying out all four of your recommend laying out all four of your recommend laying out all four of your pant pieces, which should be mirrored, pant pieces, which should be mirrored, pant pieces, which should be mirrored, meaning they're not identical, but meaning they're not identical, but meaning they're not identical, but mirror images, since you're making one mirror images, since you're making one mirror images, since you're making one right leg and one left leg. right leg and one left leg. right leg and one left leg. Align the pocket bags right sides Align the pocket bags right sides Align the pocket bags right sides together with the topmost notch on the together with the topmost notch on the together with the topmost notch on the pant pieces. Pin your pocket bags in place so they Pin your pocket bags in place so they Pin your pocket bags in place so they don't slide around and then stitch them don't slide around and then stitch them don't slide around and then stitch them with a 3/8 of an [music] inch seam with a 3/8 of an [music] inch seam with a 3/8 of an [music] inch seam allowance. >> [music] >> Once again, use a serger or zigzag >> Once again, use a serger or zigzag >> Once again, use a serger or zigzag stitch to finish the raw edge all along stitch to finish the raw edge all along stitch to finish the raw edge all along the side. the side. the side. >> [music] >> When you've stitched your pocket down >> When you've stitched your pocket down >> When you've stitched your pocket down and finished your raw edge, splay your and finished your raw edge, splay your and finished your raw edge, splay your pocket open and press the seam allowance pocket open and press the seam allowance pocket open and press the seam allowance toward the pocket bag. toward the pocket bag. toward the pocket bag. Keep in mind that while I'm mainly Keep in mind that while I'm mainly Keep in mind that while I'm mainly showing one pocket and one pant piece, showing one pocket and one pant piece, showing one pocket and one pant piece, this whole process is much more this whole process is much more this whole process is much more efficient when you're repeating the efficient when you're repeating the efficient when you're repeating the steps with all similar pieces together. steps with all similar pieces together. steps with all similar pieces together. Finally, we are going to understitch the Finally, we are going to understitch the Finally, we are going to understitch the seam allowance in place. An understitch seam allowance in place. An understitch seam allowance in place. An understitch is similar to an edge stitch. You do a is similar to an edge stitch. You do a is similar to an edge stitch. You do a straight stitch close to the edge of the straight stitch close to the edge of the straight stitch close to the edge of the fabric, but through the seam allowance. fabric, but through the seam allowance. fabric, but through the seam allowance. The purpose is to prevent the fabric The purpose is to prevent the fabric The purpose is to prevent the fabric from rolling to the visible side of the from rolling to the visible side of the from rolling to the visible side of the garment and it only appears on the garment and it only appears on the garment and it only appears on the garment's underside. garment's underside. garment's underside. If you did not add inseam pockets, but If you did not add inseam pockets, but If you did not add inseam pockets, but you are doing a split hem, at this stage you are doing a split hem, at this stage you are doing a split hem, at this stage you'll need to finish the raw edge of you'll need to finish the raw edge of you'll need to finish the raw edge of your pant pieces A and B with either a your pant pieces A and B with either a your pant pieces A and B with either a serger, which is how I'll be doing it, serger, which is how I'll be doing it, serger, which is how I'll be doing it, or a zigzag stitch on your regular or a zigzag stitch on your regular or a zigzag stitch on your regular sewing machine. sewing machine. sewing machine. The fabric that I'm using for this The fabric that I'm using for this The fabric that I'm using for this version of the Avenue shorts is a French version of the Avenue shorts is a French version of the Avenue shorts is a French terry cotton. It's a knit fabric, but it terry cotton. It's a knit fabric, but it terry cotton. It's a knit fabric, but it is sturdy enough that you can follow all is sturdy enough that you can follow all is sturdy enough that you can follow all the regular construction methods of this the regular construction methods of this the regular construction methods of this pattern, which is generally for woven pattern, which is generally for woven pattern, which is generally for woven fabrics without an issue. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Now, we'll be attaching our front and >> Now, we'll be attaching our front and >> Now, we'll be attaching our front and back pant pieces. There are a few back pant pieces. There are a few back pant pieces. There are a few different methods for this step different methods for this step different methods for this step depending on your chosen version, and we depending on your chosen version, and we depending on your chosen version, and we will be walking through all of them will be walking through all of them will be walking through all of them here. First off, if you are not adding here. First off, if you are not adding here. First off, if you are not adding inseam pockets, simply lay your back inseam pockets, simply lay your back inseam pockets, simply lay your back pant and front pant pieces on top of pant and front pant pieces on top of pant and front pant pieces on top of each other, aligning the side seams with each other, aligning the side seams with each other, aligning the side seams with right sides together. right sides together. right sides together. Pin or clip in [music] place. If you are adding inseam pockets, lay If you are adding inseam pockets, lay If you are adding inseam pockets, lay your back pant and front pant pieces your back pant and front pant pieces your back pant and front pant pieces with pockets attached on top of each with pockets attached on top of each with pockets attached on top of each other, right sides together. Line other, right sides together. Line other, right sides together. Line everything up and pin or clip in place. everything up and pin or clip in place. everything up and pin or clip in place. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> If you are including a split hem, this >> If you are including a split hem, this >> If you are including a split hem, this step is very important. Make a mark at step is very important. Make a mark at step is very important. Make a mark at the side seam 4 in above the bottom the side seam 4 in above the bottom the side seam 4 in above the bottom edge. This is where you are going to end edge. This is where you are going to end edge. This is where you are going to end your stitch in the next step, so be sure your stitch in the next step, so be sure your stitch in the next step, so be sure to mark it very clearly so you don't to mark it very clearly so you don't to mark it very clearly so you don't miss it. miss it. miss it. If you are not adding inseam pockets, If you are not adding inseam pockets, If you are not adding inseam pockets, like on our green pair here, simply like on our green pair here, simply like on our green pair here, simply stitch along the side seam with a 1/2 in stitch along the side seam with a 1/2 in stitch along the side seam with a 1/2 in seam allowance. seam allowance. seam allowance. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> If you are adding a split hem, your raw >> If you are adding a split hem, your raw >> If you are adding a split hem, your raw edge will have already been finished, edge will have already been finished, edge will have already been finished, but for a regular hem, not split, finish but for a regular hem, not split, finish but for a regular hem, not split, finish the raw edge now. >> [music] >> If you have added inseam pockets, stitch >> If you have added inseam pockets, stitch >> If you have added inseam pockets, stitch along the side seam with a half an inch along the side seam with a half an inch along the side seam with a half an inch seam allowance. When you get to the top seam allowance. When you get to the top seam allowance. When you get to the top of the pocket bag, pivot your needle and of the pocket bag, pivot your needle and of the pocket bag, pivot your needle and stitch around the pocket with a 3/8 of stitch around the pocket with a 3/8 of stitch around the pocket with a 3/8 of an inch seam allowance. an inch seam allowance. an inch seam allowance. I like to do a small backstitch at both I like to do a small backstitch at both I like to do a small backstitch at both pivot points of the pocket for added pivot points of the pocket for added pivot points of the pocket for added durability, but it's totally optional. >> [music] >> When you get back to the side seam, >> When you get back to the side seam, >> When you get back to the side seam, resume your half inch seam allowance. And if you're doing a split hem, like we And if you're doing a split hem, like we And if you're doing a split hem, like we are here, be sure to stop at the marking are here, be sure to stop at the marking are here, be sure to stop at the marking you made previously and give it a good you made previously and give it a good you made previously and give it a good backstitch. backstitch. backstitch. >> [music] >> Here's a good look at my stitch line. >> Here's a good look at my stitch line. >> Here's a good look at my stitch line. You can see where I stopped for the You can see where I stopped for the You can see where I stopped for the split hem and [music] where I did small split hem and [music] where I did small split hem and [music] where I did small backstitches at the opening of the backstitches at the opening of the backstitches at the opening of the pocket. How you press your side seam will be How you press your side seam will be How you press your side seam will be dependent on what version you're making. dependent on what version you're making. dependent on what version you're making. So, for a regular hem, not split or So, for a regular hem, not split or So, for a regular hem, not split or ruffle, you can press your hem either ruffle, you can press your hem either ruffle, you can press your hem either direction. Here, I'm pressing it toward direction. Here, I'm pressing it toward direction. Here, I'm pressing it toward the back pant. In our striped version, we'll be doing a In our striped version, we'll be doing a In our striped version, we'll be doing a ruffle hem with pockets. So, we're going ruffle hem with pockets. So, we're going ruffle hem with pockets. So, we're going to press the side seam and the attached to press the side seam and the attached to press the side seam and the attached pocket toward the front pant. pocket toward the front pant. pocket toward the front pant. At this stage, we'll also put one pin in At this stage, we'll also put one pin in At this stage, we'll also put one pin in the pocket, securing it parallel to our the pocket, securing it parallel to our the pocket, securing it parallel to our waistband. waistband. waistband. For a split [music] hem with pockets, For a split [music] hem with pockets, For a split [music] hem with pockets, like our twill pair, press the pocket like our twill pair, press the pocket like our twill pair, press the pocket and the side seam above the pocket and the side seam above the pocket and the side seam above the pocket toward the front pant. toward the front pant. toward the front pant. Pin that pocket in place parallel to the Pin that pocket in place parallel to the Pin that pocket in place parallel to the waistband. waistband. waistband. Below the pocket, press the side seam Below the pocket, press the side seam Below the pocket, press the side seam open flat and be sure to maintain the open flat and be sure to maintain the open flat and be sure to maintain the half an inch folded seam allowance of half an inch folded seam allowance of half an inch folded seam allowance of the split hem after your stitch [music] the split hem after your stitch [music] the split hem after your stitch [music] ends. ends. ends. I find it very helpful to move one side I find it very helpful to move one side I find it very helpful to move one side of the split hem out of the way while I of the split hem out of the way while I of the split hem out of the way while I press the other. >> [music] >> Finally, [music] for a split hem without >> Finally, [music] for a split hem without >> Finally, [music] for a split hem without pockets, you're going to press the pockets, you're going to press the pockets, you're going to press the entire side seam open flat. entire side seam open flat. entire side seam open flat. And make [music] sure you are And make [music] sure you are And make [music] sure you are maintaining that half an inch folded maintaining that half an inch folded maintaining that half an inch folded seam allowance for the split hem after seam allowance for the split hem after seam allowance for the split hem after your stitch [music] ends. For a split hem with side stripes, make For a split hem with side stripes, make For a split hem with side stripes, make sure you're checking both the right and sure you're checking both the right and sure you're checking both the right and [music] wrong sides. Little [music] wrong sides. Little [music] wrong sides. Little discrepancies in seam allowance can discrepancies in seam allowance can discrepancies in seam allowance can throw all of the spacing around the throw all of the spacing around the throw all of the spacing around the stripes out of whack. stripes out of whack. stripes out of whack. This next step is for split hems only. This next step is for split hems only. This next step is for split hems only. [music] If that is not you, skip ahead. [music] If that is not you, skip ahead. [music] If that is not you, skip ahead. We are going to stitch our pressed split We are going to stitch our pressed split We are going to stitch our pressed split hem in place in a U shape. With outside hem in place in a U shape. With outside hem in place in a U shape. With outside stripes, I find it easiest to make this stripes, I find it easiest to make this stripes, I find it easiest to make this stitch with the wrong side of the fabric stitch with the wrong side of the fabric stitch with the wrong side of the fabric facing up. facing up. facing up. Start at the bottom edge and stitch Start at the bottom edge and stitch Start at the bottom edge and stitch around [music] the split with a 3/8 of around [music] the split with a 3/8 of around [music] the split with a 3/8 of an inch seam allowance. an inch seam allowance. an inch seam allowance. Pivot your needle at the top to create Pivot your needle at the top to create Pivot your needle at the top to create right angles. right angles. right angles. And I like [music] to backstitch along And I like [music] to backstitch along And I like [music] to backstitch along the top as well for added durability. This is what your stitched split hem This is what your stitched split hem This is what your stitched split hem should look like from both the wrong and should look like from both the wrong and should look like from both the wrong and right sides. The process is similar if you have side The process is similar if you have side The process is similar if you have side stripes, but slightly different. [music] stripes, but slightly different. [music] stripes, but slightly different. [music] In this case, I find it easiest to make In this case, I find it easiest to make In this case, I find it easiest to make the stitch with the right side of the the stitch with the right side of the the stitch with the right side of the fabric facing up. And this is because we fabric facing up. And this is because we fabric facing up. And this is because we are going to stitch along the stripe to are going to stitch along the stripe to are going to stitch along the stripe to secure the seam allowance [music] in secure the seam allowance [music] in secure the seam allowance [music] in place. place. place. So, this will roughly be a scant 3/8 of So, this will roughly be a scant 3/8 of So, this will roughly be a scant 3/8 of an inch seam allowance, but I would pay an inch seam allowance, but I would pay an inch seam allowance, but I would pay more attention to following the stripe more attention to following the stripe more attention to following the stripe than the seam allowance as that will than the seam allowance as that will than the seam allowance as that will produce the cleanest finish produce the cleanest finish produce the cleanest finish >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> aesthetically. And here's what that split [music] hem And here's what that split [music] hem And here's what that split [music] hem should look like with the seam allowance should look like with the seam allowance should look like with the seam allowance stitched in place. We are now going to baste the pockets in We are now going to baste the pockets in We are now going to baste the pockets in place, which of course only applies if place, which of course only applies if place, which of course only applies if you have added in seam pockets. With you have added in seam pockets. With you have added in seam pockets. With your pockets pinned so that the top edge your pockets pinned so that the top edge your pockets pinned so that the top edge is parallel to the top of the waistband, is parallel to the top of the waistband, is parallel to the top of the waistband, add a small basting [music] stitch to add a small basting [music] stitch to add a small basting [music] stitch to hold the pocket in place. hold the pocket in place. hold the pocket in place. A basting stitch is a temporary stitch A basting stitch is a temporary stitch A basting stitch is a temporary stitch with a long 5-mm stitch length. This with a long 5-mm stitch length. This with a long 5-mm stitch length. This easy to pull out later when it is no easy to pull out later when it is no easy to pull out later when it is no longer needed, so be sure not to longer needed, so be sure not to longer needed, so be sure not to backstitch. backstitch. backstitch. At this stage, we are going to pre-fold At this stage, we are going to pre-fold At this stage, we are going to pre-fold the hem in place for everyone not doing the hem in place for everyone not doing the hem in place for everyone not doing a ruffle hem. a ruffle hem. a ruffle hem. Folding the hem now as a flat line is Folding the hem now as a flat line is Folding the hem now as a flat line is going to be much easier than trying to going to be much easier than trying to going to be much easier than trying to fold the hem once the pant legs are fold the hem once the pant legs are fold the hem once the pant legs are small circles. small circles. small circles. First, fold the bottom edge up 3/8 First, fold the bottom edge up 3/8 First, fold the bottom edge up 3/8 [music] of an inch and then 1 inch. [music] of an inch and then 1 inch. [music] of an inch and then 1 inch. This French terry fabric really did not This French terry fabric really did not This French terry fabric really did not want to stay in place, so I used quite a want to stay in place, so I used quite a want to stay in place, so I used quite a few pins to hold the hem, but generally few pins to hold the hem, but generally few pins to hold the hem, but generally I would say the pins are optional here I would say the pins are optional here I would say the pins are optional here depending on how obedient your fabric depending on how obedient your fabric depending on how obedient your fabric is. Pre-folding a split hem is essentially Pre-folding a split hem is essentially Pre-folding a split hem is essentially the same. First, you fold 3/8 of an the same. First, you fold 3/8 of an the same. First, you fold 3/8 of an inch, then 1 inch, but you do need to inch, then 1 inch, but you do need to inch, then 1 inch, but you do need to take extra care around the split. take extra care around the split. take extra care around the split. Most importantly, make sure that both Most importantly, make sure that both Most importantly, make sure that both sides of the split are folded the same sides of the split are folded the same sides of the split are folded the same amount [music] so that one side doesn't amount [music] so that one side doesn't amount [music] so that one side doesn't end up longer than the other. end up longer than the other. end up longer than the other. Also, fold squarely so no seam allowance Also, fold squarely so no seam allowance Also, fold squarely so no seam allowance is visible from the outside. is visible from the outside. is visible from the outside. On this pair, I actually tucked the On this pair, I actually tucked the On this pair, I actually tucked the points of the split hem back at an angle points of the split hem back at an angle points of the split hem back at an angle to make sure that the tips wouldn't poke to make sure that the tips wouldn't poke to make sure that the tips wouldn't poke out since this fabric is a [music] bit out since this fabric is a [music] bit out since this fabric is a [music] bit bulky. >> [music] >> Next, we'll be attaching both pant legs >> Next, we'll be attaching both pant legs >> Next, we'll be attaching both pant legs [music] at the rise, which is the same [music] at the rise, which is the same [music] at the rise, which is the same for all versions. for all versions. for all versions. Place the pant legs on top of one Place the pant legs on top of one Place the pant legs on top of one another with the right sides together, another with the right sides together, another with the right sides together, matching up the two back pant and front matching up the two back pant and front matching up the two back pant and front [music] pant rises to each other. Pin or clip together and sew both rises Pin or clip together and sew both rises Pin or clip together and sew both rises with a half an inch seam allowance. with a half an inch seam allowance. with a half an inch seam allowance. >> [music] >> Finally, finish your raw edges with >> Finally, finish your raw edges with >> Finally, finish your raw edges with either serger, like I'm doing here, or a either serger, like I'm doing here, or a either serger, like I'm doing here, or a zigzag stitch. Once both rises are sewn up, you'll want Once both rises are sewn up, you'll want Once both rises are sewn up, you'll want to press the seam allowance to one to press the seam allowance to one to press the seam allowance to one [music] side. [music] side. [music] side. I find the easiest way to do this is to I find the easiest way to do this is to I find the easiest way to do this is to slide my shorts on one end of my ironing slide my shorts on one end of my ironing slide my shorts on one end of my ironing board, like I'm pulling on a pair of board, like I'm pulling on a pair of board, like I'm pulling on a pair of shorts. shorts. shorts. And it really doesn't matter which way And it really doesn't matter which way And it really doesn't matter which way you press the seam allowance unless, of you press the seam allowance unless, of you press the seam allowance unless, of course, you have a preference. The main course, you have a preference. The main course, you have a preference. The main goal is to get it to lay [music] flat. goal is to get it to lay [music] flat. goal is to get it to lay [music] flat. At this point, your shorts are starting At this point, your shorts are starting At this point, your shorts are starting to take shape [music] and they're to take shape [music] and they're to take shape [music] and they're looking pretty cute. I am very pleased looking pretty cute. I am very pleased looking pretty cute. I am very pleased at this stage. at this stage. at this stage. For this pair, I decided to do two rows For this pair, I decided to do two rows For this pair, I decided to do two rows of top stitching along the front and of top stitching along the front and of top stitching along the front and back rise, which is totally optional. back rise, which is totally optional. back rise, which is totally optional. Since this pair is very much giving '90s Since this pair is very much giving '90s Since this pair is very much giving '90s toddler denim shorts, in the best way, toddler denim shorts, in the best way, toddler denim shorts, in the best way, top stitching felt like it matched that top stitching felt like it matched that top stitching felt like it matched that [music] vibe. [music] vibe. [music] vibe. Essentially, all I'm doing is two rows Essentially, all I'm doing is two rows Essentially, all I'm doing is two rows of stitching through the seam allowance. of stitching through the seam allowance. of stitching through the seam allowance. The first is along the edge of the seam, The first is along the edge of the seam, The first is along the edge of the seam, and the second is a quarter inch away and the second is a quarter inch away and the second is a quarter inch away from the first. This is exactly how we from the first. This is exactly how we from the first. This is exactly how we top stitched the back pockets as well. top stitched the back pockets as well. top stitched the back pockets as well. Like I said, top stitching is totally Like I said, top stitching is totally Like I said, top stitching is totally optional. On most of my avenues with optional. On most of my avenues with optional. On most of my avenues with light or medium weight fabrics, I light or medium weight fabrics, I light or medium weight fabrics, I haven't been top stitching at all. On haven't been top stitching at all. On haven't been top stitching at all. On this pair, I did two rows, and [music] this pair, I did two rows, and [music] this pair, I did two rows, and [music] on my French terry pairs, I ended up on my French terry pairs, I ended up on my French terry pairs, I ended up doing one row of top stitching. It just doing one row of top stitching. It just doing one row of top stitching. It just seemed appropriate to help the thicker seemed appropriate to help the thicker seemed appropriate to help the thicker seam allowance stay flat and to add some seam allowance stay flat and to add some seam allowance stay flat and to add some structure to the shorts. structure to the shorts. structure to the shorts. Moving on, we will now be attaching the Moving on, we will now be attaching the Moving on, we will now be attaching the inseam. This [music] is the same for all inseam. This [music] is the same for all inseam. This [music] is the same for all versions, although there are some slight versions, although there are some slight versions, although there are some slight considerations if you have a ruffle or considerations if you have a ruffle or considerations if you have a ruffle or regular hem. Our green pair here has a regular hem. Our green pair here has a regular hem. Our green pair here has a regular hem, which we did pre-fold. regular hem, which we did pre-fold. regular hem, which we did pre-fold. You'll want to first line up the seams You'll want to first line up the seams You'll want to first line up the seams of the front [music] and back rise at of the front [music] and back rise at of the front [music] and back rise at the center of the inseam and pin in the center of the inseam and pin in the center of the inseam and pin in place. place. place. Then, pin along the rest of the inseam, Then, pin along the rest of the inseam, Then, pin along the rest of the inseam, temporarily unfolding that pre-folded temporarily unfolding that pre-folded temporarily unfolding that pre-folded hem. hem. hem. Once that's all pinned in place, stitch Once that's all pinned in place, stitch Once that's all pinned in place, stitch along the inseam at a half an inch seam along the inseam at a half an inch seam along the inseam at a half an inch seam allowance. allowance. allowance. If you have a ruffle hem, the only If you have a ruffle hem, the only If you have a ruffle hem, the only difference here is that you didn't difference here is that you didn't difference here is that you didn't pre-fold a hem, so there's nothing to pre-fold a hem, so there's nothing to pre-fold a hem, so there's nothing to unfold, and your shorts will look unfold, and your shorts will look unfold, and your shorts will look slightly different at this stage. And of course, finish the raw edge with And of course, finish the raw edge with And of course, finish the raw edge with a serger or a zigzag stitch. [music] Once the inseam is sewn together, press Once the inseam is sewn together, press Once the inseam is sewn together, press the seam allowance toward the back. And the seam allowance toward the back. And the seam allowance toward the back. And don't worry too much about un-pressing don't worry too much about un-pressing don't worry too much about un-pressing your pre-pressed hem. That's a mouthful. your pre-pressed hem. That's a mouthful. your pre-pressed hem. That's a mouthful. You are going to touch it up again here You are going to touch it up again here You are going to touch it up again here and pin everything nicely in place and pin everything nicely in place and pin everything nicely in place again. In fact, I hope you're happy you did all In fact, I hope you're happy you did all In fact, I hope you're happy you did all of that pre-folding because now it is of that pre-folding because now it is of that pre-folding because now it is fully ready to stitch in place for a fully ready to stitch in place for a fully ready to stitch in place for a regular hem, of course. If you're doing regular hem, of course. If you're doing regular hem, of course. If you're doing a ruffle hem, skip ahead. a ruffle hem, skip ahead. a ruffle hem, skip ahead. If you are doing a regular hem without a If you are doing a regular hem without a If you are doing a regular hem without a split, edge stitch in place all around split, edge stitch in place all around split, edge stitch in place all around the leg circumference. I did have a decent amount of bulk at I did have a decent amount of bulk at I did have a decent amount of bulk at the side seams, both with this fabric the side seams, both with this fabric the side seams, both with this fabric being fairly heavy and the side stripes being fairly heavy and the side stripes being fairly heavy and the side stripes folded over on themselves. But even so, folded over on themselves. But even so, folded over on themselves. But even so, my presser foot was able to climb over my presser foot was able to climb over my presser foot was able to climb over just fine with a bit of extra help. just fine with a bit of extra help. just fine with a bit of extra help. With the hem complete, this pair of With the hem complete, this pair of With the hem complete, this pair of shorts is really starting to take shape shorts is really starting to take shape shorts is really starting to take shape and I can already tell they're going to and I can already tell they're going to and I can already tell they're going to be so stinking cute and comfy. I'm be so stinking cute and comfy. I'm be so stinking cute and comfy. I'm really glad that I decided to use this really glad that I decided to use this really glad that I decided to use this fabric. fabric. fabric. To finish a split hem, edge [music] To finish a split hem, edge [music] To finish a split hem, edge [music] stitch in place starting and stopping stitch in place starting and stopping stitch in place starting and stopping your stitch on either side of the split. your stitch on either side of the split. your stitch on either side of the split. For heavier fabrics like this twill, For heavier fabrics like this twill, For heavier fabrics like this twill, getting your stitch started on a fold getting your stitch started on a fold getting your stitch started on a fold like this can sometimes be tricky. I like this can sometimes be tricky. I like this can sometimes be tricky. I recommend starting your stitch about recommend starting your stitch about recommend starting your stitch about half an inch or so into the fabric and half an inch or so into the fabric and half an inch or so into the fabric and then backstitching off the edge of the then backstitching off the edge of the then backstitching off the edge of the fold. Continue your stitch all the way around Continue your stitch all the way around Continue your stitch all the way around the circumference of the hem and do the circumference of the hem and do the circumference of the hem and do another good bit of backstitching when another good bit of backstitching when another good bit of backstitching when you get to the other side of the split. Because you already stitched the split Because you already stitched the split Because you already stitched the split in place, you should be left with a in place, you should be left with a in place, you should be left with a really nice clean finish around the hem. The hemming process is the same whether The hemming process is the same whether The hemming process is the same whether you have side stripes or not, but just you have side stripes or not, but just you have side stripes or not, but just for reference, here is my side stripe for reference, here is my side stripe for reference, here is my side stripe plus split hem combo pair. plus split hem combo pair. plus split hem combo pair. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> I ended up doing two little tacking >> I ended up doing two little tacking >> I ended up doing two little tacking stitches at the opening of the split hem stitches at the opening of the split hem stitches at the opening of the split hem just because of the bulk of the fabric. just because of the bulk of the fabric. just because of the bulk of the fabric. I wanted to make sure that everything I wanted to make sure that everything I wanted to make sure that everything stayed tucked nicely inside the fold stayed tucked nicely inside the fold stayed tucked nicely inside the fold here. Now it is time to tackle a ruffle hem. Now it is time to tackle a ruffle hem. Now it is time to tackle a ruffle hem. If that doesn't apply to you, skip If that doesn't apply to you, skip If that doesn't apply to you, skip ahead. This is the point your shorts ahead. This is the point your shorts ahead. This is the point your shorts should be at if you are adding a ruffle. should be at if you are adding a ruffle. should be at if you are adding a ruffle. The rise and inseam should be attached The rise and inseam should be attached The rise and inseam should be attached and the hem should be raw and unfolded. and the hem should be raw and unfolded. and the hem should be raw and unfolded. Take your ruffle pattern piece, which is Take your ruffle pattern piece, which is Take your ruffle pattern piece, which is a long strip of fabric, and fold it in a long strip of fabric, and fold it in a long strip of fabric, and fold it in half lengthwise and press. Then line up the two short ends right Then line up the two short ends right Then line up the two short ends right sides together and pin in place, sides together and pin in place, sides together and pin in place, temporarily unfolding what you just temporarily unfolding what you just temporarily unfolding what you just pressed. [music] pressed. [music] pressed. [music] Stitch along the edge with a 3/8 of an Stitch along the edge with a 3/8 of an Stitch along the edge with a 3/8 of an inch seam allowance and then press that inch seam allowance and then press that inch seam allowance and then press that seam allowance open flat. Finally, re-press that fold you made Finally, re-press that fold you made Finally, re-press that fold you made originally and you will be left with a originally and you will be left with a originally and you will be left with a loop of fabric folded in half loop of fabric folded in half loop of fabric folded in half lengthwise. This is about to become our lengthwise. This is about to become our lengthwise. This is about to become our ruffle. ruffle. ruffle. To gather the ruffle, we'll be making To gather the ruffle, we'll be making To gather the ruffle, we'll be making two rows of basting stitches starting at two rows of basting stitches starting at two rows of basting stitches starting at the center seam that we made. If you're the center seam that we made. If you're the center seam that we made. If you're unfamiliar, a basting stitch has a long unfamiliar, a basting stitch has a long unfamiliar, a basting stitch has a long 5 mm stitch length, which is going to 5 mm stitch length, which is going to 5 mm stitch length, which is going to allow us to pull our gathers. So, make allow us to pull our gathers. So, make allow us to pull our gathers. So, make sure you don't backstitch or overlap sure you don't backstitch or overlap sure you don't backstitch or overlap your stitches. The first basting stitch your stitches. The first basting stitch your stitches. The first basting stitch is at a 3/8 of an inch seam allowance. is at a 3/8 of an inch seam allowance. is at a 3/8 of an inch seam allowance. Stop that stitch about an inch away from Stop that stitch about an inch away from Stop that stitch about an inch away from where you started, snip your thread, and where you started, snip your thread, and where you started, snip your thread, and start a new stitch at 5/8 of an inch start a new stitch at 5/8 of an inch start a new stitch at 5/8 of an inch seam allowance, which is a quarter inch seam allowance, which is a quarter inch seam allowance, which is a quarter inch away from your first stitch. Again, stop that stitch about an inch Again, stop that stitch about an inch Again, stop that stitch about an inch away from where you started, and this is away from where you started, and this is away from where you started, and this is what your stopping and starting points what your stopping and starting points what your stopping and starting points should look like, each with a small tail should look like, each with a small tail should look like, each with a small tail a few inches long. a few inches long. a few inches long. Before we attach the ruffle to the Before we attach the ruffle to the Before we attach the ruffle to the shorts hem, I find it helpful to mark shorts hem, I find it helpful to mark shorts hem, I find it helpful to mark the halfway point of the ruffle and the the halfway point of the ruffle and the the halfway point of the ruffle and the hem. This is optional, but I think it hem. This is optional, but I think it hem. This is optional, but I think it makes everything easier in the long run. makes everything easier in the long run. makes everything easier in the long run. First, I'm folding the ruffle in half, First, I'm folding the ruffle in half, First, I'm folding the ruffle in half, pinching the seam at one end, and then pinching the seam at one end, and then pinching the seam at one end, and then at the other end I'm pinching that will at the other end I'm pinching that will at the other end I'm pinching that will be the halfway point, so I will make a be the halfway point, so I will make a be the halfway point, so I will make a small snip there, being careful not to small snip there, being careful not to small snip there, being careful not to cut into my stitches. I'll do the same cut into my stitches. I'll do the same cut into my stitches. I'll do the same thing at the hem, pinching the inseam at thing at the hem, pinching the inseam at thing at the hem, pinching the inseam at one end, and making a snip at the one end, and making a snip at the one end, and making a snip at the opposite pinch to mark the halfway point opposite pinch to mark the halfway point opposite pinch to mark the halfway point of the hem, which is notably not the of the hem, which is notably not the of the hem, which is notably not the side seam as the back pant is wider than side seam as the back pant is wider than side seam as the back pant is wider than the front. the front. the front. Finally, it is time to attach the Finally, it is time to attach the Finally, it is time to attach the ruffle. First, I'm going to match up the ruffle. First, I'm going to match up the ruffle. First, I'm going to match up the seam of the ruffle to the right side of seam of the ruffle to the right side of seam of the ruffle to the right side of the hem at the inseam. the hem at the inseam. the hem at the inseam. Pin that in place, and then I will line Pin that in place, and then I will line Pin that in place, and then I will line up the two halfway points that I up the two halfway points that I up the two halfway points that I snipped. snipped. snipped. At this point, the ruffle will be much At this point, the ruffle will be much At this point, the ruffle will be much longer than the hem, which means it is longer than the hem, which means it is longer than the hem, which means it is time to gather. To do so, hold the two time to gather. To do so, hold the two time to gather. To do so, hold the two tails of your basting stitches on one tails of your basting stitches on one tails of your basting stitches on one side of the ruffle and pull gently with side of the ruffle and pull gently with side of the ruffle and pull gently with your other hand. This is [music] going your other hand. This is [music] going your other hand. This is [music] going to gather the fabric. to gather the fabric. to gather the fabric. Repeat this process, gathering your Repeat this process, gathering your Repeat this process, gathering your fabric toward the halfway point until fabric toward the halfway point until fabric toward the halfway point until your ruffle is equally distributed your ruffle is equally distributed your ruffle is equally distributed around the first half of your shorts around the first half of your shorts around the first half of your shorts hem. hem. hem. I highly recommend taking your time for I highly recommend taking your time for I highly recommend taking your time for this process to ensure that the ruffles this process to ensure that the ruffles this process to ensure that the ruffles aren't too bunched in one spot or too aren't too bunched in one spot or too aren't too bunched in one spot or too sparse in another. I like to pin as I sparse in another. I like to pin as I sparse in another. I like to pin as I go, but I often go back and make go, but I often go back and make go, but I often go back and make adjustments until everything is sitting adjustments until everything is sitting adjustments until everything is sitting >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> just right. When your first half is adequately When your first half is adequately When your first half is adequately ruffled, repeat the process on the other ruffled, repeat the process on the other ruffled, repeat the process on the other half, this time pulling from the two half, this time pulling from the two half, this time pulling from the two tails of your basting stitches on the tails of your basting stitches on the tails of your basting stitches on the other side of the ruffle. other side of the ruffle. other side of the ruffle. Now, we are going to stitch the ruffle Now, we are going to stitch the ruffle Now, we are going to stitch the ruffle in place in the center of our two in place in the center of our two in place in the center of our two basting stitches here, which will be at basting stitches here, which will be at basting stitches here, which will be at a half of an inch seam allowance. This a half of an inch seam allowance. This a half of an inch seam allowance. This one is not a basting stitch, so use your one is not a basting stitch, so use your one is not a basting stitch, so use your regular stitch length. regular stitch length. regular stitch length. There's definitely a lot going on here There's definitely a lot going on here There's definitely a lot going on here with all the ruffles and the clips, so with all the ruffles and the clips, so with all the ruffles and the clips, so go slow. Your basting stitches should go slow. Your basting stitches should go slow. Your basting stitches should hold the gathers in place fairly well, hold the gathers in place fairly well, hold the gathers in place fairly well, but don't be shy about adjusting the but don't be shy about adjusting the but don't be shy about adjusting the gathers with your fingers as you go. gathers with your fingers as you go. gathers with your fingers as you go. I find that holding the gathers kind of I find that holding the gathers kind of I find that holding the gathers kind of flat with my left hand while I stitch flat with my left hand while I stitch >> [music] >> [music] >> helps them lay nicely as they pass under >> helps them lay nicely as they pass under >> helps them lay nicely as they pass under my needle. When you get back to your starting When you get back to your starting When you get back to your starting point, overlap your stitch and point, overlap your stitch and point, overlap your stitch and backstitch. There are a lot of stitches backstitch. There are a lot of stitches backstitch. There are a lot of stitches to look at here, but this is roughly to look at here, but this is roughly to look at here, but this is roughly what your hem should look like at this what your hem should look like at this what your hem should look like at this point. Next, you'll want to finish the raw Next, you'll want to finish the raw Next, you'll want to finish the raw edge. I'm especially grateful for my edge. I'm especially grateful for my edge. I'm especially grateful for my serger here as it is trimming away the serger here as it is trimming away the serger here as it is trimming away the uneven and frayed bits at the top while uneven and frayed bits at the top while uneven and frayed bits at the top while it overlocks the edge. it overlocks the edge. it overlocks the edge. If you're doing a zigzag stitch here, I If you're doing a zigzag stitch here, I If you're doing a zigzag stitch here, I might first trim the edge with scissors might first trim the edge with scissors might first trim the edge with scissors to remove those bits. Once you finish the raw edge, you can Once you finish the raw edge, you can Once you finish the raw edge, you can remove the second [music] basting remove the second [music] basting remove the second [music] basting stitch, which would be visible from the stitch, which would be visible from the stitch, which would be visible from the right side of the fabric. right side of the fabric. right side of the fabric. All you should need to do is pull on the All you should need to do is pull on the All you should need to do is pull on the [music] tail of the basting stitch until [music] tail of the basting stitch until [music] tail of the basting stitch until it comes loose, but you may need to seam it comes loose, but you may need to seam it comes loose, but you may need to seam rip bits of it out if it's having rip bits of it out if it's having rip bits of it out if it's having trouble budging. trouble budging. trouble budging. Then, from the right side, you can Then, from the right side, you can Then, from the right side, you can easily pull the other thread away. easily pull the other thread away. easily pull the other thread away. If you have little frayed bits of thread If you have little frayed bits of thread If you have little frayed bits of thread stuck in your seam, those should come stuck in your seam, those should come stuck in your seam, those should come out easily as well. Next, we are going to press the seam Next, we are going to press the seam Next, we are going to press the seam allowance up toward the shorts or away allowance up toward the shorts or away allowance up toward the shorts or away from the ruffle. This helps the ruffles from the ruffle. This helps the ruffles from the ruffle. This helps the ruffles lay flat because we want to avoid any lay flat because we want to avoid any lay flat because we want to avoid any little duck tails. Then, to make sure the seam allowance Then, to make sure the seam allowance Then, to make sure the seam allowance really stays in place, we are going to really stays in place, we are going to really stays in place, we are going to topstitch along the edge of the seam topstitch along the edge of the seam topstitch along the edge of the seam through the seam allowance. [music] And with that, our ruffle hem is And with that, our ruffle hem is And with that, our ruffle hem is officially complete. Now, it is [music] time to construct our Now, it is [music] time to construct our Now, it is [music] time to construct our waistband, the method of which will be waistband, the method of which will be waistband, the method of which will be the same for all versions. the same for all versions. the same for all versions. First, we are going to press the top First, we are going to press the top First, we are going to press the top edge of the waistband down 3/8 of an edge of the waistband down 3/8 of an edge of the waistband down 3/8 of an inch around the entire circumference. It inch around the entire circumference. It inch around the entire circumference. It is important to double-check your is important to double-check your is important to double-check your measurements for these folds because if measurements for these folds because if measurements for these folds because if you don't fold enough, you won't have you don't fold enough, you won't have you don't fold enough, you won't have room for your elastic, and if you fold room for your elastic, and if you fold room for your elastic, and if you fold too much, you could end up with some too much, you could end up with some too much, you could end up with some very low-rise shorts, which is not what very low-rise shorts, which is not what very low-rise shorts, which is not what we're going for. After you've done your first fold, you After you've done your first fold, you After you've done your first fold, you are going to do a second at 1 and 1/4 are going to do a second at 1 and 1/4 are going to do a second at 1 and 1/4 inches. When making this fold, I find it inches. When making this fold, I find it inches. When making this fold, I find it much easier to first fold and press at much easier to first fold and press at much easier to first fold and press at the four main seams, the center back, the four main seams, the center back, the four main seams, the center back, the center front, and the two side the center front, and the two side the center front, and the two side seams. seams. seams. By getting those four points folded the By getting those four points folded the By getting those four points folded the correct amount first, the rest of the correct amount first, the rest of the correct amount first, the rest of the waistband in between will just fold waistband in between will just fold waistband in between will just fold nicely in place. >> [music] >> Here is my waistband fully pressed, and >> Here is my waistband fully pressed, and >> Here is my waistband fully pressed, and here is also a reminder that if you have here is also a reminder that if you have here is also a reminder that if you have a tag, not to forget it. I love putting a tag, not to forget it. I love putting a tag, not to forget it. I love putting tags in my handmade garments, but it is tags in my handmade garments, but it is tags in my handmade garments, but it is so easy to forget when the time comes. Now it is time to [music] edge stitch Now it is time to [music] edge stitch Now it is time to [music] edge stitch the waistband in place. When you do so, the waistband in place. When you do so, the waistband in place. When you do so, the top edge of your inseam pockets, the the top edge of your inseam pockets, the the top edge of your inseam pockets, the ones that [music] we basted in place, ones that [music] we basted in place, ones that [music] we basted in place, should be tucked nicely into the should be tucked nicely into the should be tucked nicely into the waistband and our stitch here should waistband and our stitch here should waistband and our stitch here should permanently anchor them into the permanently anchor them into the permanently anchor them into the waistband. waistband. waistband. When you get back around to your When you get back around to your When you get back around to your starting place, be sure to stop about 2 starting place, be sure to stop about 2 starting place, be sure to stop about 2 in before overlapping your stitch, in before overlapping your stitch, in before overlapping your stitch, leaving a gap where we'll be inserting leaving a gap where we'll be inserting leaving a gap where we'll be inserting our elastic. Here you can see the pockets anchored in Here you can see the pockets anchored in Here you can see the pockets anchored in [music] the waistband, which means that [music] the waistband, which means that [music] the waistband, which means that we can officially remove the basting we can officially remove the basting we can officially remove the basting stitch that we made previously. You stitch that we made previously. You stitch that we made previously. You should be able to simply pull it by the should be able to simply pull it by the should be able to simply pull it by the tail, but if it gives you any trouble, tail, but if it gives you any trouble, tail, but if it gives you any trouble, you can seam rip [music] it in a spot or you can seam rip [music] it in a spot or you can seam rip [music] it in a spot or two, like I had to do. It is time to insert the elastic into It is time to insert the elastic into It is time to insert the elastic into our waistband. To do so, attach a large our waistband. To do so, attach a large our waistband. To do so, attach a large safety pin to the end of the elastic. safety pin to the end of the elastic. safety pin to the end of the elastic. Feed it through the gap you left in the Feed it through the gap you left in the Feed it through the gap you left in the last step, pushing and pulling the last step, pushing and pulling the last step, pushing and pulling the safety pin and the elastic all the way safety pin and the elastic all the way safety pin and the elastic all the way through the channel until it comes out through the channel until it comes out through the channel until it comes out the other side. the other side. the other side. Make sure you leave a 2 to 3 in tail of Make sure you leave a 2 to 3 in tail of Make sure you leave a 2 to 3 in tail of the elastic hanging out where you the elastic hanging out where you the elastic hanging out where you started because you don't [music] want started because you don't [music] want started because you don't [music] want the whole thing getting sucked inside the whole thing getting sucked inside the whole thing getting sucked inside the channel. A quick note about the channel. A quick note about the channel. A quick note about waistband length. So, there is a chart waistband length. So, there is a chart waistband length. So, there is a chart in the pattern that gives you an elastic in the pattern that gives you an elastic in the pattern that gives you an elastic length [music] suggestion based on your length [music] suggestion based on your length [music] suggestion based on your size, but your ideal length may vary size, but your ideal length may vary size, but your ideal length may vary depending on your measurements or your depending on your measurements or your depending on your measurements or your personal preference. An alternative way personal preference. An alternative way personal preference. An alternative way to find your preferred elastic length is to find your preferred elastic length is to find your preferred elastic length is to wrap the elastic around your waist to wrap the elastic around your waist to wrap the elastic around your waist until it feels comfortably snug and then until it feels comfortably snug and then until it feels comfortably snug and then measure that length and add half an inch measure that length and add half an inch measure that length and add half an inch for seam allowance. [music] for seam allowance. [music] for seam allowance. [music] Keep in mind that the elastic will Keep in mind that the elastic will Keep in mind that the elastic will stretch a bit if you plan to top stitch stretch a bit if you plan to top stitch stretch a bit if you plan to top stitch it, so measure it slightly snugger than it, so measure it slightly snugger than it, so measure it slightly snugger than preferred if you plan to do that. preferred if you plan to do that. preferred if you plan to do that. Once the elastic has come out the other Once the elastic has come out the other Once the elastic has come out the other side, overlap the two ends of the side, overlap the two ends of the side, overlap the two ends of the elastic by half an inch and zigzag elastic by half an inch and zigzag elastic by half an inch and zigzag stitch them together. stitch them together. stitch them together. Keep in mind the stitch does not have to Keep in mind the stitch does not have to Keep in mind the stitch does not have to be pretty. It will be on the inside of be pretty. It will be on the inside of be pretty. It will be on the inside of your shorts and no one will ever see it. your shorts and no one will ever see it. your shorts and no one will ever see it. Once your elastic is stitched together, Once your elastic is stitched together, Once your elastic is stitched together, this is a good stage to try on the this is a good stage to try on the this is a good stage to try on the shorts before sealing the elastic up. shorts before sealing the elastic up. shorts before sealing the elastic up. If the waistband feels too loose or too If the waistband feels too loose or too If the waistband feels too loose or too tight, you can remove the elastic and tight, you can remove the elastic and tight, you can remove the elastic and make adjustments keeping in mind that it make adjustments keeping in mind that it make adjustments keeping in mind that it will loosen a bit if you plan to top will loosen a bit if you plan to top will loosen a bit if you plan to top stitch as I mentioned. At this point, it is time to seal up the At this point, it is time to seal up the At this point, it is time to seal up the waistband channel. Edge stitch your gap waistband channel. Edge stitch your gap waistband channel. Edge stitch your gap closed overlapping your starting and closed overlapping your starting and closed overlapping your starting and stopping points of your previous stitch stopping points of your previous stitch stopping points of your previous stitch and back stitching. and back stitching. and back stitching. Your waistband is going to be bunched up Your waistband is going to be bunched up Your waistband is going to be bunched up in all sorts of weird ways, so take a in all sorts of weird ways, so take a in all sorts of weird ways, so take a couple minutes to stretch your elastic couple minutes to stretch your elastic couple minutes to stretch your elastic repeatedly until the fabric of the repeatedly until the fabric of the repeatedly until the fabric of the waistband is evenly distributed. [music] Next, we are going to top stitch the Next, we are going to top stitch the Next, we are going to top stitch the waistband. This step is optional, but I waistband. This step is optional, but I waistband. This step is optional, but I love a top stitched waistband. It keeps love a top stitched waistband. It keeps love a top stitched waistband. It keeps the elastic from twisting or folding and the elastic from twisting or folding and the elastic from twisting or folding and I just think it's a cleaner looking I just think it's a cleaner looking I just think it's a cleaner looking finish. For this waistband, I am doing finish. For this waistband, I am doing finish. For this waistband, I am doing one row of top stitching at about a half one row of top stitching at about a half one row of top stitching at about a half of an inch seam allowance which should of an inch seam allowance which should of an inch seam allowance which should land in between the top of the waistband land in between the top of the waistband land in between the top of the waistband and our edge stitch. I've also and our edge stitch. I've also and our edge stitch. I've also lengthened my stitch to a 4 mm stitch lengthened my stitch to a 4 mm stitch lengthened my stitch to a 4 mm stitch length. [music] As I'm going around the length. [music] As I'm going around the length. [music] As I'm going around the waistband, I'm pulling the section waistband, I'm pulling the section waistband, I'm pulling the section directly under my needle gently taut so directly under my needle gently taut so directly under my needle gently taut so the fabric is sitting flat against the the fabric is sitting flat against the the fabric is sitting flat against the elastic. You want to pull the elastic elastic. You want to pull the elastic elastic. You want to pull the elastic while you sew, but don't pull it super while you sew, but don't pull it super while you sew, but don't pull it super far or it could stretch out too much. I far or it could stretch out too much. I far or it could stretch out too much. I am super happy with this waistband. I am super happy with this waistband. I am super happy with this waistband. I think it turned out very cute. For think it turned out very cute. For think it turned out very cute. For reference, I decided to do two rows of reference, I decided to do two rows of reference, I decided to do two rows of top stitching for my French terry top stitching for my French terry top stitching for my French terry shorts. This was simply an aesthetic shorts. This was simply an aesthetic shorts. This was simply an aesthetic choice and I think they turned out very choice and I think they turned out very choice and I think they turned out very nice. nice. nice. And with [music] that, the tutorial has And with [music] that, the tutorial has And with [music] that, the tutorial has officially come to an end. Should we do officially come to an end. Should we do officially come to an end. Should we do a little try-on of all of our four a little try-on of all of our four a little try-on of all of our four shorts? As I said earlier, the twill shorts? As I said earlier, the twill shorts? As I said earlier, the twill pair feels very 90s toddler denim to me. pair feels very 90s toddler denim to me. pair feels very 90s toddler denim to me. This fabric is an 8.5 oz twill, which This fabric is an 8.5 oz twill, which This fabric is an 8.5 oz twill, which I'd say is the tippy top of the fabric I'd say is the tippy top of the fabric I'd say is the tippy top of the fabric weight range I'd recommend. They're weight range I'd recommend. They're weight range I'd recommend. They're definitely sturdy, but still soft enough definitely sturdy, but still soft enough definitely sturdy, but still soft enough to be comfortable. And I imagine they'll to be comfortable. And I imagine they'll to be comfortable. And I imagine they'll soften with wear, too. soften with wear, too. soften with wear, too. I love the back pockets and I love the I love the back pockets and I love the I love the back pockets and I love the split hem. I think these will be a fun split hem. I think these will be a fun split hem. I think these will be a fun closet staple with a twist since they'll closet staple with a twist since they'll closet staple with a twist since they'll essentially serve as denim shorts with a essentially serve as denim shorts with a essentially serve as denim shorts with a cuter pattern and of course no buttons cuter pattern and of course no buttons cuter pattern and of course no buttons or zippers. Yay! or zippers. Yay! or zippers. Yay! You guys, I am absolutely screaming. I You guys, I am absolutely screaming. I You guys, I am absolutely screaming. I am so glad I decided to make some French am so glad I decided to make some French am so glad I decided to make some French terry Avenue shorts. I knew they should terry Avenue shorts. I knew they should terry Avenue shorts. I knew they should work in theory, but it was a bit risky work in theory, but it was a bit risky work in theory, but it was a bit risky doing my first run while filming the doing my first run while filming the doing my first run while filming the tutorial. I would say that the risk paid tutorial. I would say that the risk paid tutorial. I would say that the risk paid off. These will be my new go-to lounge off. These will be my new go-to lounge off. These will be my new go-to lounge shorts that are totally put together shorts that are totally put together shorts that are totally put together enough to wear in public as well, enough to wear in public as well, enough to wear in public as well, especially with the added side stripes especially with the added side stripes especially with the added side stripes which very much elevate the look. The which very much elevate the look. The which very much elevate the look. The same goes for this red pair. In fact, I same goes for this red pair. In fact, I same goes for this red pair. In fact, I think I like these a smidge more just think I like these a smidge more just think I like these a smidge more just because I'm a sucker for the split hem. because I'm a sucker for the split hem. because I'm a sucker for the split hem. The only thing I would change is adding The only thing I would change is adding The only thing I would change is adding in-seam pockets, which would normally in-seam pockets, which would normally in-seam pockets, which would normally always be my preference, but I had to always be my preference, but I had to always be my preference, but I had to sacrifice them on this account to make sacrifice them on this account to make sacrifice them on this account to make sure that I was covering all sure that I was covering all sure that I was covering all combinations of options for this combinations of options for this combinations of options for this tutorial. But, who knows? Maybe I'll tutorial. But, who knows? Maybe I'll tutorial. But, who knows? Maybe I'll unpick and add pockets later. unpick and add pockets later. unpick and add pockets later. Finally, our ruffle Avenues. These are Finally, our ruffle Avenues. These are Finally, our ruffle Avenues. These are very much giving clown, but in a fun very much giving clown, but in a fun very much giving clown, but in a fun way. Chic [music] circus, we'll say. The way. Chic [music] circus, we'll say. The way. Chic [music] circus, we'll say. The main reason I chose this fabric is main reason I chose this fabric is main reason I chose this fabric is because it had a clear right and wrong because it had a clear right and wrong because it had a clear right and wrong side for this tutorial, but I actually side for this tutorial, but I actually side for this tutorial, but I actually think they turned out way cute, think they turned out way cute, think they turned out way cute, especially paired with this sweater. I especially paired with this sweater. I especially paired with this sweater. I think I just look like a comfy and think I just look like a comfy and think I just look like a comfy and stylish toddler, which is the dream stylish toddler, which is the dream stylish toddler, which is the dream aesthetic, always. aesthetic, always. aesthetic, always. Well, that is it for this tutorial. I Well, that is it for this tutorial. I Well, that is it for this tutorial. I hope you enjoyed and I hope that you hope you enjoyed and I hope that you hope you enjoyed and I hope that you love your shorts. Let me know how it love your shorts. Let me know how it love your shorts. Let me know how it went in the comments [music] and if you went in the comments [music] and if you went in the comments [music] and if you end up posting your Avenues anywhere, be end up posting your Avenues anywhere, be end up posting your Avenues anywhere, be sure to tag me so that I can see.