She was taking Aaru to Anganwadi.  Aru She was taking Aaru to Anganwadi.  Aru She was taking Aaru to Anganwadi.  Aru 's father says, come, I will drop you on my scooter. 's father says, come, I will drop you on my scooter. 's father says, come, I will drop you on my scooter. Reaching Anganwadi, Aru Reaching Anganwadi, Aru Reaching Anganwadi, Aru started playing there and she was enjoying it a lot started playing there and she was enjoying it a lot started playing there and she was enjoying it a lot because there were a lot of children around.  She becomes even because there were a lot of children around.  She becomes even because there were a lot of children around.  She becomes even happier after seeing children.  I was happier after seeing children.  I was happier after seeing children.  I was enjoying it here a enjoying it here a enjoying it here a lot and then food was also available here for the lot and then food was also available here for the lot and then food was also available here for the children to eat, so children to eat, so children to eat, so my Aaru also sat here and started eating.  Then I got my Aaru also sat here and started eating.  Then I got my Aaru also sat here and started eating.  Then I got Aaru's weight checked who was acting too much Aaru's weight checked who was acting too much Aaru's weight checked who was acting too much and what all we get from Anganwadi. and what all we get from Anganwadi. and what all we get from Anganwadi. Today we got oil Today we got oil Today we got oil from Anganwadi.  Gram and pulses are also available. from Anganwadi.  Gram and pulses are also available. from Anganwadi.  Gram and pulses are also available. As and when things come from the government, As and when things come from the government, As and when things come from the government, we get those things.  Aaru was we get those things.  Aaru was we get those things.  Aaru was enjoying so much that enjoying so much that enjoying so much that she was not getting satisfied and I was thinking she was not getting satisfied and I was thinking she was not getting satisfied and I was thinking when should I go home, when should I go home but she is when should I go home, when should I go home but she is when should I go home, when should I go home but she is not going.  After some time, Aru's not going.  After some time, Aru's not going.  After some time, Aru's father also came to take it, so I said, father also came to take it, so I said, father also came to take it, so I said, now you take it, and now you take it, and now you take it, and started showing him all the things that were printed on the wall.  I started showing him all the things that were printed on the wall.  I started showing him all the things that were printed on the wall.  I told Aru to come tomorrow son, let's go home now, so told Aru to come tomorrow son, let's go home now, so told Aru to come tomorrow son, let's go home now, so I went home.  Come and see, there is I went home.  Come and see, there is I went home.  Come and see, there is so much tanning on my face and so much tanning on my face and so much tanning on my face and now I am going to wash my face.  I now I am going to wash my face.  I now I am going to wash my face.  I use Moringa Detent Face Wash which use Moringa Detent Face Wash which use Moringa Detent Face Wash which removes tanning.  It brightens the face removes tanning.  It brightens the face removes tanning.  It brightens the face and gives a lot of glow to the face and gives a lot of glow to the face and gives a lot of glow to the face and it is also available on Flipkart and Amazon. and it is also available on Flipkart and Amazon. What a good result is visible just after washing the face.  If you What a good result is visible just after washing the face.  If you What a good result is visible just after washing the face.  If you also want this product then comment the link