Greetings.  Today is 15th August.  Let me Greetings.  Today is 15th August.  Let me Greetings.  Today is 15th August.  Let me show you show you show you how 15th August is being celebrated in our building.  Look, how 15th August is being celebrated in our building.  Look, how 15th August is being celebrated in our building.  Look, everything is decorated here. everything is decorated here. everything is decorated here. People from our society have also come.  The flag is being hoisted here. People from our society have also come.  The flag is being hoisted here. People from our society have also come.  The flag is being hoisted here. We also came here and got our We also came here and got our We also came here and got our photographs taken and photographs taken and photographs taken and consider this as our first 15th August here.  We also drank tea here. consider this as our first 15th August here.  We also drank tea here. consider this as our first 15th August here.  We also drank tea here. Well, it's good that I got tea.  He had Well, it's good that I got tea.  He had Well, it's good that I got tea.  He had not come home drunk.  Children are playing games here and not come home drunk.  Children are playing games here and not come home drunk.  Children are playing games here and they got gifts.  Saif had gone home. they got gifts.  Saif had gone home. they got gifts.  Saif had gone home. Then he came and closed my eyes and Then he came and closed my eyes and Then he came and closed my eyes and scared me.  Saif is getting his number added to the society group.  If scared me.  Saif is getting his number added to the society group.  If scared me.  Saif is getting his number added to the society group.  If any program takes place in the building, any program takes place in the building, any program takes place in the building, we should also get the message. we should also get the message. we should also get the message. Look, everyone is getting breakfast here. Look, everyone is getting breakfast here. Look, everyone is getting breakfast here. Everyone, young and old, got it.  We brought it home Everyone, young and old, got it.  We brought it home Everyone, young and old, got it.  We brought it home and gave everyone a packet of breakfast.  The whole and gave everyone a packet of breakfast.  The whole and gave everyone a packet of breakfast.  The whole family has got it.  We are all sitting and eating. family has got it.  We are all sitting and eating. family has got it.  We are all sitting and eating.