Today I will see what I can eat at Surat Railway Station Today I will see what I can eat at Surat Railway Station Today I will see what I can eat at Surat Railway Station for ₹100.  Right for ₹100.  Right for ₹100.  Right at the beginning I see Dhokla, the pride of Gujarat. at the beginning I see Dhokla, the pride of Gujarat. at the beginning I see Dhokla, the pride of Gujarat. Now Bapu, this Dhokla is really Now Bapu, this Dhokla is really Now Bapu, this Dhokla is really amazing brother.  Now I find it so amazing brother.  Now I find it so amazing brother.  Now I find it so amazing.  Then I amazing.  Then I amazing.  Then I go to the same shop again and go to the same shop again and go to the same shop again and buy this.  Now I don't even know the name of this pakora like thing. buy this.  Now I don't even know the name of this pakora like thing. buy this.  Now I don't even know the name of this pakora like thing. And it is And it is And it is not that much fun to eat it.  Meanwhile I not that much fun to eat it.  Meanwhile I not that much fun to eat it.  Meanwhile I see ice cream on the other platform. see ice cream on the other platform. see ice cream on the other platform. Now I have to wander around a lot to eat this ice cream. Now I have to wander around a lot to eat this ice cream. Now I have to wander around a lot to eat this ice cream. But I don't know where it But I don't know where it But I don't know where it disappears.  Then it is also found.  Brother, disappears.  Then it is also found.  Brother, disappears.  Then it is also found.  Brother, ice cream is very good. ice cream is very good. ice cream is very good. But one thing I did not understand was that whatever But one thing I did not understand was that whatever But one thing I did not understand was that whatever I ate here was for ₹30 each.  Now I am I ate here was for ₹30 each.  Now I am I ate here was for ₹30 each.  Now I am unable to understand what to eat with this remaining ₹10.  You can get unable to understand what to eat with this remaining ₹10.  You can get unable to understand what to eat with this remaining ₹10.  You can get churka-mukuras for ₹10 churka-mukuras for ₹10 churka-mukuras for ₹10 but you cannot eat them.  I see a brother but you cannot eat them.  I see a brother but you cannot eat them.  I see a brother carrying a big loaf.  Now carrying a big loaf.  Now carrying a big loaf.  Now I have never eaten all this at the railway station.   The I have never eaten all this at the railway station.   The I have never eaten all this at the railway station.   The brother selling the big pav says that he will not be brother selling the big pav says that he will not be brother selling the big pav says that he will not be able to give it.  I don't know what rule Bhaiya had able to give it.  I don't know what rule Bhaiya had able to give it.  I don't know what rule Bhaiya had that he doesn't give even one big loaf. that he doesn't give even one big loaf. that he doesn't give even one big loaf. Babu, if you want to buy then take two big loaves.  I had that much Babu, if you want to buy then take two big loaves.  I had that much Babu, if you want to buy then take two big loaves.  I had that much budget otherwise I would have refused. budget otherwise I would have refused. budget otherwise I would have refused. Now what should I do with this huge amount of money that is left Now what should I do with this huge amount of money that is left Now what should I do with this huge amount of money that is left ?  You tell