Hey, today I'm going to show you how I Hey, today I'm going to show you how I Hey, today I'm going to show you how I always twist my hair onto a hair donut. Take always twist my hair onto a hair donut. Take always twist my hair onto a hair donut. Take a strand from the front and wrap it back a strand from the front and wrap it back a strand from the front and wrap it back over the donut, then forward again. over the donut, then forward again. over the donut, then forward again. In the next In the next In the next step, you add more hair. step, you add more hair. step, you add more hair. You've been doing this so far. Once you reach the end, take You've been doing this so far. Once you reach the end, take a second strand from the back and wrap it back over a second strand from the back and wrap it back over a second strand from the back and wrap it back over the donut. the donut. the donut. Now you always have a strand on the left Now you always have a strand on the left Now you always have a strand on the left and right of the donut. Now and right of the donut. Now and right of the donut. Now you alternately wrap the two you alternately wrap the two you alternately wrap the two strands of hair around the donut, adding strands of hair around the donut, adding strands of hair around the donut, adding hair from each side, hair from each side, hair from each side, like a French braid. This way, like a French braid. This way, like a French braid. This way, the strands won't unravel at the end. the strands won't unravel at the end. the strands won't unravel at the end. When you reach the end, When you reach the end, When you reach the end, you can secure everything with a hair tie you can secure everything with a hair tie you can secure everything with a hair tie and then and then and then push it up. Do the same on the push it up. Do the same on the push it up. Do the same on the other side, and then you can go to other side, and then you can go to other side, and then you can go to sleep! Yay! The next morning, sleep! Yay! The next morning, sleep! Yay! The next morning, you can simply unwrap it. Now for you can simply unwrap it. Now for you can simply unwrap it. Now for super quick curls! I always use super quick curls! I always use super quick curls! I always use my comb and run it through them a my comb and run it through them a my comb and run it through them a little; then they look even little; then they look even little; then they look even nicer. If you want, you can nicer. If you want, you can nicer. If you want, you can spray them with hairspray so they last spray them with hairspray so they last spray them with hairspray so they last even longer. And here's how it looks.  That's it, and even longer. And here's how it looks.  That's it, and even longer. And here's how it looks.  That's it, and now we're making another now we're making another now we're making another advent calendar together, advent calendar together, advent calendar together, this candy cane pencil inside, bye! this candy cane pencil inside, bye! this candy cane pencil inside, bye!