>> Only been a few hours on holidays. >> Only been a few hours on holidays. >> Only been a few hours on holidays. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Only been days that felt like months. >> Only been days that felt like months. >> Only been days that felt like months. Don't call for you only got life once. Don't call for you only got life once. Don't call for you only got life once. Life [music] move fast when you know Life [music] move fast when you know Life [music] move fast when you know what you want. what you want. what you want. >> Good morning. Good morning. Good >> Good morning. Good morning. Good >> Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Welcome or morning. Good morning. Welcome or morning. Good morning. Welcome or welcome back to another vlog. I look welcome back to another vlog. I look welcome back to another vlog. I look like a glazed donut. As you can tell, I like a glazed donut. As you can tell, I like a glazed donut. As you can tell, I got my scrubs on. I'm about to head out got my scrubs on. I'm about to head out got my scrubs on. I'm about to head out to work. I just made me a coffee at to work. I just made me a coffee at to work. I just made me a coffee at home. We are saving that coin. We are home. We are saving that coin. We are home. We are saving that coin. We are cooking at home. We are eating at home. cooking at home. We are eating at home. cooking at home. We are eating at home. We are making coffee at home. We are We are making coffee at home. We are We are making coffee at home. We are doing everything at home these days. So, doing everything at home these days. So, doing everything at home these days. So, I think we're giving the vibes of 9-5 I think we're giving the vibes of 9-5 I think we're giving the vibes of 9-5 diary, spend the work week with me, um diary, spend the work week with me, um diary, spend the work week with me, um living alone diaries. I'm really just living alone diaries. I'm really just living alone diaries. I'm really just bringing y'all along. It's going to be a bringing y'all along. It's going to be a bringing y'all along. It's going to be a regular degular vlog. Y'all know how the regular degular vlog. Y'all know how the regular degular vlog. Y'all know how the vlogs get when I go to work, when I go vlogs get when I go to work, when I go vlogs get when I go to work, when I go to the gym, when I come home, when I to the gym, when I come home, when I to the gym, when I come home, when I clean, when I cook. Y'all know how they clean, when I cook. Y'all know how they clean, when I cook. Y'all know how they get. So, I always got to give that get. So, I always got to give that get. So, I always got to give that disclaimer cuz it be them girls in the disclaimer cuz it be them girls in the disclaimer cuz it be them girls in the comments. I'm about to head out for the comments. I'm about to head out for the comments. I'm about to head out for the morning. It is currently 7:08 in the morning. It is currently 7:08 in the morning. It is currently 7:08 in the morning. I start my mornings off morning. I start my mornings off morning. I start my mornings off listening to Lil Poppa. Rest in peace, listening to Lil Poppa. Rest in peace, listening to Lil Poppa. Rest in peace, my heart, for real. But, this is what I my heart, for real. But, this is what I my heart, for real. But, this is what I start my mornings off. Like, girl, I was start my mornings off. Like, girl, I was start my mornings off. Like, girl, I was so tired. I did not want to get up out so tired. I did not want to get up out so tired. I did not want to get up out of bed this morning. Put on some Lil of bed this morning. Put on some Lil of bed this morning. Put on some Lil Poppa. Got to get ready. Straighten my Poppa. Got to get ready. Straighten my Poppa. Got to get ready. Straighten my hair. Put my jewelry on. Nails ain't hair. Put my jewelry on. Nails ain't hair. Put my jewelry on. Nails ain't done. Don't worry about it. Made my done. Don't worry about it. Made my done. Don't worry about it. Made my coffee. About to head out the door. It coffee. About to head out the door. It coffee. About to head out the door. It is Wednesday. It is midweek. When we is Wednesday. It is midweek. When we is Wednesday. It is midweek. When we come home, we're going to go to the gym. come home, we're going to go to the gym. come home, we're going to go to the gym. As y'all know, every weekday, Monday As y'all know, every weekday, Monday As y'all know, every weekday, Monday through Friday, unless I feel like through Friday, unless I feel like through Friday, unless I feel like taking a break, then I give myself a taking a break, then I give myself a taking a break, then I give myself a break. It's Wednesday, so I do a midweek break. It's Wednesday, so I do a midweek break. It's Wednesday, so I do a midweek reset. My perm is actually a mess. reset. My perm is actually a mess. reset. My perm is actually a mess. So, a midweek reset is really needed. So, a midweek reset is really needed. So, a midweek reset is really needed. And yeah, I'll probably cook dinner, And yeah, I'll probably cook dinner, And yeah, I'll probably cook dinner, just the regular degular things. So far, just the regular degular things. So far, just the regular degular things. So far, it's been a pretty good week. This week it's been a pretty good week. This week it's been a pretty good week. This week has actually been going by super fast. has actually been going by super fast. has actually been going by super fast. So, I'm so excited cuz I'm really So, I'm so excited cuz I'm really So, I'm so excited cuz I'm really excited for the weekend. I need the excited for the weekend. I need the excited for the weekend. I need the weekend to come. I'm getting my nails weekend to come. I'm getting my nails weekend to come. I'm getting my nails done. Um probably going to book me a done. Um probably going to book me a done. Um probably going to book me a hair appointment. I'm not too sure yet, hair appointment. I'm not too sure yet, hair appointment. I'm not too sure yet, but I'm just so excited for the weekend, but I'm just so excited for the weekend, but I'm just so excited for the weekend, girls. So, I made a coffee. I used my girls. So, I made a coffee. I used my girls. So, I made a coffee. I used my cookie butter Chobani creamer. I don't cookie butter Chobani creamer. I don't cookie butter Chobani creamer. I don't know what it is. I haven't been making know what it is. I haven't been making know what it is. I haven't been making coffee at home in like months. So, now coffee at home in like months. So, now coffee at home in like months. So, now that I finally started back, I have to that I finally started back, I have to that I finally started back, I have to like regain my touch cuz it's not really like regain my touch cuz it's not really like regain my touch cuz it's not really hitting no more, unfortunately. But, um hitting no more, unfortunately. But, um hitting no more, unfortunately. But, um I'm finna head out to work. I'm going to I'm finna head out to work. I'm going to I'm finna head out to work. I'm going to go clock in and make me some money. And go clock in and make me some money. And go clock in and make me some money. And I hope you do the same, sister. So, I hope you do the same, sister. So, I hope you do the same, sister. So, let's go ahead and get up off our ass on let's go ahead and get up off our ass on let's go ahead and get up off our ass on this lovely Wednesday. Go make some this lovely Wednesday. Go make some this lovely Wednesday. Go make some money. money. money. And I'll see y'all after work. All And I'll see y'all after work. All And I'll see y'all after work. All right, y'all. I just got off work. As right, y'all. I just got off work. As right, y'all. I just got off work. As y'all can see, I changed my clothes. We y'all can see, I changed my clothes. We y'all can see, I changed my clothes. We are about to head to the gym. are about to head to the gym. are about to head to the gym. Immediately after I clock out from that Immediately after I clock out from that Immediately after I clock out from that 9-5, I come home, I change clothes, or 9-5, I come home, I change clothes, or 9-5, I come home, I change clothes, or else I'm not going to the gym. It is else I'm not going to the gym. It is else I'm not going to the gym. It is currently 5:27 in the afternoon. We are currently 5:27 in the afternoon. We are currently 5:27 in the afternoon. We are about to head out. Let me tell y'all why about to head out. Let me tell y'all why about to head out. Let me tell y'all why I'm irritated today. So, I ordered I'm irritated today. So, I ordered I'm irritated today. So, I ordered almost $350 worth of stuff off TikTok almost $350 worth of stuff off TikTok almost $350 worth of stuff off TikTok Shop. From accessories to workout sets, Shop. From accessories to workout sets, Shop. From accessories to workout sets, cuz if you know me, you know. All my cuz if you know me, you know. All my cuz if you know me, you know. All my workout sets, TikTok Shop. I ordered a workout sets, TikTok Shop. I ordered a workout sets, TikTok Shop. I ordered a whole bunch of stuff. I'm like so whole bunch of stuff. I'm like so whole bunch of stuff. I'm like so excited, right? So, one I ordered a Aura excited, right? So, one I ordered a Aura excited, right? So, one I ordered a Aura Ring dupe. If you know, you know. I Ring dupe. If you know, you know. I Ring dupe. If you know, you know. I ordered a dupe off TikTok Shop. It said ordered a dupe off TikTok Shop. It said ordered a dupe off TikTok Shop. It said my package was delivered. I go check the my package was delivered. I go check the my package was delivered. I go check the proof of delivery picture, cuz I'm at proof of delivery picture, cuz I'm at proof of delivery picture, cuz I'm at work when it got delivered. It got work when it got delivered. It got work when it got delivered. It got delivered to a house. delivered to a house. delivered to a house. If you know anything about me, I live in If you know anything about me, I live in If you know anything about me, I live in an apartment. Do I live near any houses? an apartment. Do I live near any houses? an apartment. Do I live near any houses? No. DON'T KNOW WHERE MY package was No. DON'T KNOW WHERE MY package was No. DON'T KNOW WHERE MY package was delivered to, but it was delivered to a delivered to, but it was delivered to a delivered to, but it was delivered to a house. Cool, gave me a refund, no house. Cool, gave me a refund, no house. Cool, gave me a refund, no problem. I ordered this set in like a problem. I ordered this set in like a problem. I ordered this set in like a the cutest like pastel green color. It the cutest like pastel green color. It the cutest like pastel green color. It was out for delivery yesterday. I get was out for delivery yesterday. I get was out for delivery yesterday. I get notification that says it was basically notification that says it was basically notification that says it was basically failed to deliver. We couldn't deliver failed to deliver. We couldn't deliver failed to deliver. We couldn't deliver it to you. The reason, no reason. They it to you. The reason, no reason. They it to you. The reason, no reason. They said they couldn't contact me. They have said they couldn't contact me. They have said they couldn't contact me. They have my number and email on file. Okay, cool. my number and email on file. Okay, cool. my number and email on file. Okay, cool. Let that slide. Then, I ordered this set Let that slide. Then, I ordered this set Let that slide. Then, I ordered this set again in a coral color. It said um out again in a coral color. It said um out again in a coral color. It said um out for delivery today. Proof of delivery, for delivery today. Proof of delivery, for delivery today. Proof of delivery, delivered. It said it was delivered delivered. It said it was delivered delivered. It said it was delivered today. Pull up my proof of delivery. I today. Pull up my proof of delivery. I today. Pull up my proof of delivery. I check it. It was delivered to my check it. It was delivered to my check it. It was delivered to my apartment complex, but it was delivered apartment complex, but it was delivered apartment complex, but it was delivered They threw it over somebody's balcony. They threw it over somebody's balcony. They threw it over somebody's balcony. Not mine, cuz I'm not on the first Not mine, cuz I'm not on the first Not mine, cuz I'm not on the first floor. They threw it over somebody's floor. They threw it over somebody's floor. They threw it over somebody's balcony. Whose balcony? I don't you balcony. Whose balcony? I don't you balcony. Whose balcony? I don't you know. I don't Is it my apartment know. I don't Is it my apartment know. I don't Is it my apartment complex? Yes. Whose balcony did they complex? Yes. Whose balcony did they complex? Yes. Whose balcony did they throw it over? I have no clue. They took throw it over? I have no clue. They took throw it over? I have no clue. They took a picture of it and it's in somebody's a picture of it and it's in somebody's a picture of it and it's in somebody's balcony. I don't know what is going on balcony. I don't know what is going on balcony. I don't know what is going on with my packages with TikTok Shop, but with my packages with TikTok Shop, but with my packages with TikTok Shop, but I'm about this close to never ordering I'm about this close to never ordering I'm about this close to never ordering again from TikTok Shop. So, I'm wearing again from TikTok Shop. So, I'm wearing again from TikTok Shop. So, I'm wearing my regular old workout set cuz I don't my regular old workout set cuz I don't my regular old workout set cuz I don't have none of my new ones. Back in the have none of my new ones. Back in the have none of my new ones. Back in the basics. I was excited to wear something basics. I was excited to wear something basics. I was excited to wear something new this whole week, but none of my new this whole week, but none of my new this whole week, but none of my stuff has came. I'm sorry, y'all. My stuff has came. I'm sorry, y'all. My stuff has came. I'm sorry, y'all. My room here is so dirty. This is today's room here is so dirty. This is today's room here is so dirty. This is today's outfit, just this little burgundy set outfit, just this little burgundy set outfit, just this little burgundy set from Coral Cantin on TikTok. Do we see from Coral Cantin on TikTok. Do we see from Coral Cantin on TikTok. Do we see the gains or no? I'm going to head out the gains or no? I'm going to head out the gains or no? I'm going to head out to the gym. I'm going to record in the to the gym. I'm going to record in the to the gym. I'm going to record in the gym. I don't know what today is in the gym. I don't know what today is in the gym. I don't know what today is in the gym, but y'all my apartment is a wreck. gym, but y'all my apartment is a wreck. gym, but y'all my apartment is a wreck. So, we're going to get this under So, we're going to get this under So, we're going to get this under control too. It's Wednesday. We got to control too. It's Wednesday. We got to control too. It's Wednesday. We got to do a midweek reset. It's just going to do a midweek reset. It's just going to do a midweek reset. It's just going to be a bunch of homey things today. So, be a bunch of homey things today. So, be a bunch of homey things today. So, get up. Who text? Get up. Let's get get up. Who text? Get up. Let's get get up. Who text? Get up. Let's get ready to go work this body out. >> [music] >> All right, y'all. I just got back home >> All right, y'all. I just got back home >> All right, y'all. I just got back home from the gym. Guess what I came home to. from the gym. Guess what I came home to. from the gym. Guess what I came home to. Just one. Just one. The one that's still Just one. Just one. The one that's still Just one. Just one. The one that's still in somebody's apartment balcony in this in somebody's apartment balcony in this in somebody's apartment balcony in this neighborhood is still missing. This is neighborhood is still missing. This is neighborhood is still missing. This is the one they failed to deliver yesterday the one they failed to deliver yesterday the one they failed to deliver yesterday and they re-attempted delivery today. and they re-attempted delivery today. and they re-attempted delivery today. But, the chatbot on TikTok told me they But, the chatbot on TikTok told me they But, the chatbot on TikTok told me they wasn't going to attempt to deliver again wasn't going to attempt to deliver again wasn't going to attempt to deliver again and they would send it to the back to and they would send it to the back to and they would send it to the back to the warehouse. But, the warehouse. But, the warehouse. But, we got her. Let's unbox her. This is we got her. Let's unbox her. This is we got her. Let's unbox her. This is from Coral Cantin. This is literally the from Coral Cantin. This is literally the from Coral Cantin. This is literally the same set I have on just in a different same set I have on just in a different same set I have on just in a different color. So, Coral Cantin be having your color. So, Coral Cantin be having your color. So, Coral Cantin be having your body looking tea. Coral Cantin. I'mma body looking tea. Coral Cantin. I'mma body looking tea. Coral Cantin. I'mma put it on the screen cuz it probably put it on the screen cuz it probably put it on the screen cuz it probably sound like I'm saying a whole bunch of sound like I'm saying a whole bunch of sound like I'm saying a whole bunch of nothing. All of my workout sets are nothing. All of my workout sets are nothing. All of my workout sets are linked in my TikTok shop. They're all linked in my TikTok shop. They're all linked in my TikTok shop. They're all from TikTok. Anything you see me in from TikTok. Anything you see me in from TikTok. Anything you see me in going to the gym is from TikTok. going to the gym is from TikTok. going to the gym is from TikTok. This green is finna be Oh my god, she's This green is finna be Oh my god, she's This green is finna be Oh my god, she's perfect. I can't wait to wear this. I'm perfect. I can't wait to wear this. I'm perfect. I can't wait to wear this. I'm really going to wear it tomorrow. These really going to wear it tomorrow. These really going to wear it tomorrow. These I don't know if y'all can see the little I don't know if y'all can see the little I don't know if y'all can see the little words at the bottom. Can y'all see? words at the bottom. Can y'all see? words at the bottom. Can y'all see? That's like put on the thing. Soon as That's like put on the thing. Soon as That's like put on the thing. Soon as you wash it, all them words is going to you wash it, all them words is going to you wash it, all them words is going to come off. I don't have no words on none come off. I don't have no words on none come off. I don't have no words on none of my Coral K Anns says. of my Coral K Anns says. of my Coral K Anns says. And then the bottoms, this is so cute. And then the bottoms, this is so cute. And then the bottoms, this is so cute. Wish I would have got my Coral one, too. Wish I would have got my Coral one, too. Wish I would have got my Coral one, too. I mean, it's here. Hopefully the people I mean, it's here. Hopefully the people I mean, it's here. Hopefully the people is nice enough to give it back, but is nice enough to give it back, but is nice enough to give it back, but we'll see. And then these are the shorts we'll see. And then these are the shorts we'll see. And then these are the shorts that on the back they say, you see? that on the back they say, you see? that on the back they say, you see? Coral K Anns. Anyways, oh also let me Coral K Anns. Anyways, oh also let me Coral K Anns. Anyways, oh also let me show y'all from yesterday. Ignore my show y'all from yesterday. Ignore my show y'all from yesterday. Ignore my apartment, it's a mess. Yes, we're going apartment, it's a mess. Yes, we're going apartment, it's a mess. Yes, we're going to clean up. to clean up. to clean up. Yesterday I got a PR package from Yesterday I got a PR package from Yesterday I got a PR package from I got a PR package from Naturium. They I got a PR package from Naturium. They I got a PR package from Naturium. They just dropped their new SPF 50 just dropped their new SPF 50 just dropped their new SPF 50 moisturizer, and y'all know everything I moisturizer, and y'all know everything I moisturizer, and y'all know everything I have, I love. So, I'm excited to try have, I love. So, I'm excited to try have, I love. So, I'm excited to try this. I got it yesterday. I took some this. I got it yesterday. I took some this. I got it yesterday. I took some pictures and I thanked them. Oh, they pictures and I thanked them. Oh, they pictures and I thanked them. Oh, they did never play about their PR packaging, did never play about their PR packaging, did never play about their PR packaging, like literally ever. As of right now, like literally ever. As of right now, like literally ever. As of right now, this is all the packages we have. Y'all, this is all the packages we have. Y'all, this is all the packages we have. Y'all, I need to hurry up and cook dinner, and I need to hurry up and cook dinner, and I need to hurry up and cook dinner, and I need to clean this apartment cuz I'm I need to clean this apartment cuz I'm I need to clean this apartment cuz I'm not trying to be up all night. For not trying to be up all night. For not trying to be up all night. For dinner we are making I'm not even going dinner we are making I'm not even going dinner we are making I'm not even going to record me cooking it cuz it's very to record me cooking it cuz it's very to record me cooking it cuz it's very simple, it's very quick. I'm making a simple, it's very quick. I'm making a simple, it's very quick. I'm making a Caesar pasta salad with salmon. I bought Caesar pasta salad with salmon. I bought Caesar pasta salad with salmon. I bought a big slab of salmon, cut it up, cooked a big slab of salmon, cut it up, cooked a big slab of salmon, cut it up, cooked it all. So, now I have like two pieces it all. So, now I have like two pieces it all. So, now I have like two pieces left, and that's been helping me get left, and that's been helping me get left, and that's been helping me get through the week. So, I'm not even going through the week. So, I'm not even going through the week. So, I'm not even going to film it. I'll put it together with to film it. I'll put it together with to film it. I'll put it together with y'all, but that's about it. And I'll y'all, but that's about it. And I'll y'all, but that's about it. And I'll come back once it's done. So, let me get come back once it's done. So, let me get come back once it's done. So, let me get in that cooking mode. in that cooking mode. in that cooking mode. And then we got to clean up cuz this And then we got to clean up cuz this And then we got to clean up cuz this looks a mess. We are about to put looks a mess. We are about to put looks a mess. We are about to put together my meal. First things first, I together my meal. First things first, I together my meal. First things first, I just got pasta noodles. Bare pasta just got pasta noodles. Bare pasta just got pasta noodles. Bare pasta noodles, right? I'm going to take this noodles, right? I'm going to take this noodles, right? I'm going to take this out, pour it in this bowl. Caesar out, pour it in this bowl. Caesar out, pour it in this bowl. Caesar dressing. dressing. dressing. Caesar dressing, as little or as much as Caesar dressing, as little or as much as Caesar dressing, as little or as much as you want. I personally season it, so I you want. I personally season it, so I you want. I personally season it, so I use the salad supreme mix, and then I use the salad supreme mix, and then I use the salad supreme mix, and then I just use black pepper. Those are the just use black pepper. Those are the just use black pepper. Those are the only two seasonings that I use on this. only two seasonings that I use on this. only two seasonings that I use on this. I add a little bit of ranch on top of I add a little bit of ranch on top of I add a little bit of ranch on top of the Caesar. And y'all, they say don't eat lettuce And y'all, they say don't eat lettuce And y'all, they say don't eat lettuce right now. Just cuz I'm eating it, that right now. Just cuz I'm eating it, that right now. Just cuz I'm eating it, that that don't go eat it. I'm just I don't that don't go eat it. I'm just I don't that don't go eat it. I'm just I don't know, I just don't got time. I threw know, I just don't got time. I threw know, I just don't got time. I threw some lettuce in here. Now I'm just going some lettuce in here. Now I'm just going some lettuce in here. Now I'm just going to stir that up as well. to stir that up as well. to stir that up as well. It looks like a whole bunch of nothing. It looks like a whole bunch of nothing. It looks like a whole bunch of nothing. I'm not going to lie. Mozzarella cheese, I'm not going to lie. Mozzarella cheese, I'm not going to lie. Mozzarella cheese, I'm just going to sprinkle it all on I'm just going to sprinkle it all on I'm just going to sprinkle it all on top. top. top. I'm a cheese person, so. Croutons, literally I'm just throwing Croutons, literally I'm just throwing Croutons, literally I'm just throwing stuff I had in the house together. So stuff I had in the house together. So stuff I had in the house together. So we're making it work. This is one of we're making it work. This is one of we're making it work. This is one of those meals. I think y'all be thinking those meals. I think y'all be thinking those meals. I think y'all be thinking like, oh she be Oh, like, oh she be Oh, like, oh she be Oh, oh she be cooking and stuff all the oh she be cooking and stuff all the oh she be cooking and stuff all the time. She always eat good. Sometimes time. She always eat good. Sometimes time. She always eat good. Sometimes I just throw stuff together like this. I just throw stuff together like this. I just throw stuff together like this. But I promise you it's never I do not But I promise you it's never I do not But I promise you it's never I do not cook like cook like cook like somebody mama every day. Then to top it somebody mama every day. Then to top it somebody mama every day. Then to top it off, we're going to do some protein and off, we're going to do some protein and off, we're going to do some protein and I am doing salmon. She's done. That's I am doing salmon. She's done. That's I am doing salmon. She's done. That's it. That's all. Eating my dinner, it. That's all. Eating my dinner, it. That's all. Eating my dinner, minding my business. minding my business. minding my business. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And see this is what I'm Thank you. And see this is what I'm Thank you. And see this is what I'm talking about. When you live in a good talking about. When you live in a good talking about. When you live in a good community with good folk, they're going community with good folk, they're going community with good folk, they're going to come They're going to come through to come They're going to come through to come They're going to come through for you. She said I stepped outside of for you. She said I stepped outside of for you. She said I stepped outside of my balcony and I was like, what the hell my balcony and I was like, what the hell my balcony and I was like, what the hell is this? I was like, girl exactly. I is this? I was like, girl exactly. I is this? I was like, girl exactly. I said I was I'm not going to lie. said I was I'm not going to lie. said I was I'm not going to lie. I was definitely going to jump over your I was definitely going to jump over your I was definitely going to jump over your balcony and go get it myself, but I was balcony and go get it myself, but I was balcony and go get it myself, but I was like, you know what? I have faith like, you know what? I have faith like, you know what? I have faith they're going to bring it to me and they they're going to bring it to me and they they're going to bring it to me and they did. Her and her husband walked up to my did. Her and her husband walked up to my did. Her and her husband walked up to my door and brought me my package. Shout door and brought me my package. Shout door and brought me my package. Shout out to them. Them them them. Y'all I'm out to them. Them them them. Y'all I'm out to them. Them them them. Y'all I'm so excited to work out this weekend. I so excited to work out this weekend. I so excited to work out this weekend. I got two new sets. I got three more on got two new sets. I got three more on got two new sets. I got three more on the way, which they're all delayed. I the way, which they're all delayed. I the way, which they're all delayed. I don't know what's going on with TikTok don't know what's going on with TikTok don't know what's going on with TikTok Shop, but I'm about to stop ordering Shop, but I'm about to stop ordering Shop, but I'm about to stop ordering from them. Like for real, cuz this is from them. Like for real, cuz this is from them. Like for real, cuz this is getting out of hand. Ooh, this going to getting out of hand. Ooh, this going to getting out of hand. Ooh, this going to be bomb on the skin. Super bomb and it's be bomb on the skin. Super bomb and it's be bomb on the skin. Super bomb and it's the halter top. I really like these cuz the halter top. I really like these cuz the halter top. I really like these cuz if you know I have a bigger chest and if you know I have a bigger chest and if you know I have a bigger chest and these just these just these just you know. Then the bottom, same thing. you know. Then the bottom, same thing. you know. Then the bottom, same thing. Scrunch booty. I like the scrunch booty. Scrunch booty. I like the scrunch booty. Scrunch booty. I like the scrunch booty. A lot of people don't, but I like it. A lot of people don't, but I like it. A lot of people don't, but I like it. Scrunch butt Scrunch butt Scrunch butt shorts. Hopefully those come this week shorts. Hopefully those come this week shorts. Hopefully those come this week so I can show y'all. But I got to clean so I can show y'all. But I got to clean so I can show y'all. But I got to clean this kitchen, boo. I'm tired of looking this kitchen, boo. I'm tired of looking this kitchen, boo. I'm tired of looking at it. I just want to lay down, read my at it. I just want to lay down, read my at it. I just want to lay down, read my book, drink my liquid chlorophyll, and book, drink my liquid chlorophyll, and book, drink my liquid chlorophyll, and go to bed. I don't really want to do too go to bed. I don't really want to do too go to bed. I don't really want to do too much during the week. Like I'm chill, much during the week. Like I'm chill, much during the week. Like I'm chill, I'm calm, I'm not into all that. So it's I'm calm, I'm not into all that. So it's I'm calm, I'm not into all that. So it's about 9:00. Let me straighten up real about 9:00. Let me straighten up real about 9:00. Let me straighten up real quick, real fast, and we're going to get quick, real fast, and we're going to get quick, real fast, and we're going to get ready for bed. One thing about I get ready for bed. One thing about I get ready for bed. One thing about I get stuff done and I get it done quickly. I stuff done and I get it done quickly. I stuff done and I get it done quickly. I am showered, my apartment is clean. am showered, my apartment is clean. am showered, my apartment is clean. She's clean. We even got a candle going She's clean. We even got a candle going She's clean. We even got a candle going in the back. Body oil up. in the back. Body oil up. in the back. Body oil up. 9:38. But anyways, we got a little sweet 9:38. But anyways, we got a little sweet 9:38. But anyways, we got a little sweet treat today. And let me tell you what treat today. And let me tell you what treat today. And let me tell you what this is. This is a protein muffin. this is. This is a protein muffin. this is. This is a protein muffin. Right? And I really cannot understand Right? And I really cannot understand Right? And I really cannot understand the gym rats and the protein stuff cuz the gym rats and the protein stuff cuz the gym rats and the protein stuff cuz they always be trifling. But everybody they always be trifling. But everybody they always be trifling. But everybody in the gym was like, "Oh, what you" cuz in the gym was like, "Oh, what you" cuz in the gym was like, "Oh, what you" cuz somebody was in there selling them. So I somebody was in there selling them. So I somebody was in there selling them. So I was like, "Oh, which one you got?" This was like, "Oh, which one you got?" This was like, "Oh, which one you got?" This is a Biscoff. is a Biscoff. is a Biscoff. A Biscoff protein muffin. She looks A Biscoff protein muffin. She looks A Biscoff protein muffin. She looks good. She looks amazing, actually. She good. She looks amazing, actually. She good. She looks amazing, actually. She Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. She even smells good, I'm not going to She even smells good, I'm not going to She even smells good, I'm not going to lie. I would cuz actually good. Cuz lie. I would cuz actually good. Cuz lie. I would cuz actually good. Cuz y'all tried like a protein brownie thing y'all tried like a protein brownie thing y'all tried like a protein brownie thing the other day. Disgusting. Disgusting. the other day. Disgusting. Disgusting. the other day. Disgusting. Disgusting. So I'm really like eeked out with the So I'm really like eeked out with the So I'm really like eeked out with the whole protein stuff. Like, whatever. But whole protein stuff. Like, whatever. But whole protein stuff. Like, whatever. But this is a Biscoff protein like cupcake this is a Biscoff protein like cupcake this is a Biscoff protein like cupcake muffin. muffin. muffin. Okay, I really don't like icing, y'all. Okay, I really don't like icing, y'all. Okay, I really don't like icing, y'all. So let me see. All right, it's hard. We got to warm this up. This good. Wow, We got to warm this up. This good. Wow, We got to warm this up. This good. Wow, I'm low-key turning this up. I'm low-key turning this up. I'm low-key turning this up. This is so freaking good. I think it has This is so freaking good. I think it has This is so freaking good. I think it has like 20-something grams of protein in like 20-something grams of protein in like 20-something grams of protein in it. It's filling on the inside. I'm it. It's filling on the inside. I'm it. It's filling on the inside. I'm literally making love literally making love literally making love to this, whatever the hell it is. Oh my to this, whatever the hell it is. Oh my to this, whatever the hell it is. Oh my god. god. god. All right, y'all. All right, y'all. All right, y'all. I'll see y'all back in the room. All I'll see y'all back in the room. All I'll see y'all back in the room. All right, y'all. I'm in the bed. We are right, y'all. I'm in the bed. We are right, y'all. I'm in the bed. We are about to relax. It is I don't even know about to relax. It is I don't even know about to relax. It is I don't even know what time it is, girl. what time it is, girl. what time it is, girl. 9:53. I'm losing some lashes, so I'm 9:53. I'm losing some lashes, so I'm 9:53. I'm losing some lashes, so I'm going to just go ahead and redo my going to just go ahead and redo my going to just go ahead and redo my lashes tomorrow. I'm going to just just lashes tomorrow. I'm going to just just lashes tomorrow. I'm going to just just ignore it tonight. Tonight is not that ignore it tonight. Tonight is not that ignore it tonight. Tonight is not that big of a deal. Don't worry. Don't look big of a deal. Don't worry. Don't look big of a deal. Don't worry. Don't look too hard. I came up on here to tell too hard. I came up on here to tell too hard. I came up on here to tell y'all we are reading a new book. We are. y'all we are reading a new book. We are. y'all we are reading a new book. We are. So y'all, I finished The Housemaid. I So y'all, I finished The Housemaid. I So y'all, I finished The Housemaid. I finished it. Literally Saturday night. I finished it. Literally Saturday night. I finished it. Literally Saturday night. I was like, "Girl, I've been sitting on was like, "Girl, I've been sitting on was like, "Girl, I've been sitting on this too long. Let me finish it." And this too long. Let me finish it." And this too long. Let me finish it." And when I tell y'all as soon as I picked it when I tell y'all as soon as I picked it when I tell y'all as soon as I picked it back up is when it got good. Oh my god, back up is when it got good. Oh my god, back up is when it got good. Oh my god, this book was freaking crazy. Like, the this book was freaking crazy. Like, the this book was freaking crazy. Like, the the plot twist on her books. And mind the plot twist on her books. And mind the plot twist on her books. And mind you, the plot twist is at the very end, you, the plot twist is at the very end, you, the plot twist is at the very end, like girl. So, somebody in the comments like girl. So, somebody in the comments like girl. So, somebody in the comments told me the second one is better than told me the second one is better than told me the second one is better than the first one, so I'm picking that up the first one, so I'm picking that up the first one, so I'm picking that up next. I just don't have it in my hands next. I just don't have it in my hands next. I just don't have it in my hands right now, otherwise that's exactly what right now, otherwise that's exactly what right now, otherwise that's exactly what I would have started is the second one. I would have started is the second one. I would have started is the second one. So, me and my friend are going to have a So, me and my friend are going to have a So, me and my friend are going to have a movie night cuz we both read it. This is movie night cuz we both read it. This is movie night cuz we both read it. This is actually her book. She gave it to me, actually her book. She gave it to me, actually her book. She gave it to me, and then she said when I finish we're and then she said when I finish we're and then she said when I finish we're going to have a movie night, which I'm going to have a movie night, which I'm going to have a movie night, which I'm excited for, but I had to pick up excited for, but I had to pick up excited for, but I had to pick up another book in the meantime, girl. So, another book in the meantime, girl. So, another book in the meantime, girl. So, next read is Want to Know a Secret by next read is Want to Know a Secret by next read is Want to Know a Secret by Freida McFadden. I am literally just Freida McFadden. I am literally just Freida McFadden. I am literally just like a few pages in. Um, I got this book like a few pages in. Um, I got this book like a few pages in. Um, I got this book from Marshalls for $8.99. Check out your from Marshalls for $8.99. Check out your from Marshalls for $8.99. Check out your local Marshalls before you go to Target local Marshalls before you go to Target local Marshalls before you go to Target and Walmart. So, yeah, this is my new and Walmart. So, yeah, this is my new and Walmart. So, yeah, this is my new read. I'm so excited, y'all. I love read. I'm so excited, y'all. I love read. I'm so excited, y'all. I love being in my reading bag. Like, y'all being in my reading bag. Like, y'all being in my reading bag. Like, y'all please give reading a chance. I used to please give reading a chance. I used to please give reading a chance. I used to be one of them girls I did not want to be one of them girls I did not want to be one of them girls I did not want to pick up a book. Uh, you couldn't you pick up a book. Uh, you couldn't you pick up a book. Uh, you couldn't you couldn't pay me to pick up a book, but couldn't pay me to pick up a book, but couldn't pay me to pick up a book, but now, once I really found what type of now, once I really found what type of now, once I really found what type of books I like, Freida McFadden. books I like, Freida McFadden. books I like, Freida McFadden. Freida McFadden, Freida McFadden, Freida Freida McFadden, Freida McFadden, Freida Freida McFadden, Freida McFadden, Freida McFadden. That's what type of books I McFadden. That's what type of books I McFadden. That's what type of books I like. Once I found what type of books I like. Once I found what type of books I like. Once I found what type of books I like and what type of books can really like and what type of books can really like and what type of books can really have me set. Colleen Hoover is good, have me set. Colleen Hoover is good, have me set. Colleen Hoover is good, TOO. I DON'T get me wrong, I love I TOO. I DON'T get me wrong, I love I TOO. I DON'T get me wrong, I love I started with Colleen Hoover, she's cool, started with Colleen Hoover, she's cool, started with Colleen Hoover, she's cool, but once I got to that Freida McFadden, but once I got to that Freida McFadden, but once I got to that Freida McFadden, that's a different type of You know what that's a different type of You know what that's a different type of You know what I'm saying? So, yeah, y'all, if you ever I'm saying? So, yeah, y'all, if you ever I'm saying? So, yeah, y'all, if you ever have any book wrecks, let me know. I'm have any book wrecks, let me know. I'm have any book wrecks, let me know. I'm finna to read my book until I get finna to read my book until I get finna to read my book until I get sleepy, which usually doesn't take too sleepy, which usually doesn't take too sleepy, which usually doesn't take too long. Um, that's it. So, good night. And long. Um, that's it. So, good night. And long. Um, that's it. So, good night. And I don't know when tomorrow, I don't know when tomorrow, I don't know when tomorrow, but I'll see y'all tomorrow. Y'all, why but I'll see y'all tomorrow. Y'all, why but I'll see y'all tomorrow. Y'all, why is it days later? I don't know when the is it days later? I don't know when the is it days later? I don't know when the last time I picked the camera up is. last time I picked the camera up is. last time I picked the camera up is. Wait, I don't know the last time when I Wait, I don't know the last time when I Wait, I don't know the last time when I picked the camera up is. It is August picked the camera up is. It is August picked the camera up is. It is August 1st, Saturday, 9:19 in the morning. 1st, Saturday, 9:19 in the morning. 1st, Saturday, 9:19 in the morning. Why am I just now Why am I just now Why am I just now walking out? Just now walking out. So, walking out? Just now walking out. So, walking out? Just now walking out. So, the crazy part about all of this is I the crazy part about all of this is I the crazy part about all of this is I slept with no bonnet last night, no slept with no bonnet last night, no slept with no bonnet last night, no nothing on my head. They still look nothing on my head. They still look nothing on my head. They still look good. But, I'm about to go to a hair good. But, I'm about to go to a hair good. But, I'm about to go to a hair appointment. My hair appointment is at appointment. My hair appointment is at appointment. My hair appointment is at 10:45. It's 9:20. It's now picking up my 10:45. It's 9:20. It's now picking up my 10:45. It's 9:20. It's now picking up my wig. So, I'm going to just take this wig. So, I'm going to just take this wig. So, I'm going to just take this off, and I'm not going to like take the off, and I'm not going to like take the off, and I'm not going to like take the braid down. Um, I'm going to just have braid down. Um, I'm going to just have braid down. Um, I'm going to just have her put another wig over it. So, I'm her put another wig over it. So, I'm her put another wig over it. So, I'm going to have to shower real quick. going to have to shower real quick. going to have to shower real quick. Baby, I'm running off like little to no Baby, I'm running off like little to no Baby, I'm running off like little to no sleep. Or, I'm going to take it off and sleep. Or, I'm going to take it off and sleep. Or, I'm going to take it off and then just go to my hair appointment with then just go to my hair appointment with then just go to my hair appointment with my braids and have her just slapping up my braids and have her just slapping up my braids and have her just slapping up the wig on. I don't have all day. I the wig on. I don't have all day. I the wig on. I don't have all day. I don't want to be there all day. don't want to be there all day. don't want to be there all day. I don't know. I'm just kind of tired of I don't know. I'm just kind of tired of I don't know. I'm just kind of tired of this. Like it doesn't even look too bad, this. Like it doesn't even look too bad, this. Like it doesn't even look too bad, but I'm telling you by Monday morning but I'm telling you by Monday morning but I'm telling you by Monday morning it's going to be back here. My wigs be it's going to be back here. My wigs be it's going to be back here. My wigs be sliding back and that be THE PROBLEM. sliding back and that be THE PROBLEM. sliding back and that be THE PROBLEM. SO, I'M GOING TO GO AHEAD AND HOP in the I'M GOING TO GO AHEAD AND HOP in the I'M GOING TO GO AHEAD AND HOP in the shower, y'all, and then take this wig shower, y'all, and then take this wig shower, y'all, and then take this wig off. And when I see y'all, I need to off. And when I see y'all, I need to off. And when I see y'all, I need to drink a coffee or something cuz no. And drink a coffee or something cuz no. And drink a coffee or something cuz no. And then tomorrow we got nails, so then tomorrow we got nails, so then tomorrow we got nails, so maintenance vlog maintenance vlog maintenance vlog part of maintenance? I don't know. Girl, part of maintenance? I don't know. Girl, part of maintenance? I don't know. Girl, I don't know. I'm going to hop in the I don't know. I'm going to hop in the I don't know. I'm going to hop in the shower. shower. shower. See what my hair appointment is. See what my hair appointment is. See what my hair appointment is. >> [music] >> Y'all, I don't know what it is about >> Y'all, I don't know what it is about >> Y'all, I don't know what it is about some curly hair on me, some curly hair on me, some curly hair on me, but curly hair has got to be like top but curly hair has got to be like top but curly hair has got to be like top tier. I think it's one of my styles that tier. I think it's one of my styles that tier. I think it's one of my styles that really brings like [clears throat] really brings like [clears throat] really brings like [clears throat] Kaya out. I don't know. Something about Kaya out. I don't know. Something about Kaya out. I don't know. Something about the curly hair and I did a little bit of the curly hair and I did a little bit of the curly hair and I did a little bit of dramatic edges on the side. I think it's dramatic edges on the side. I think it's dramatic edges on the side. I think it's super cute. My girl always eats. And super cute. My girl always eats. And super cute. My girl always eats. And it's looking like it don't look full it's looking like it don't look full it's looking like it don't look full because it's wet. So, once it like poofs because it's wet. So, once it like poofs because it's wet. So, once it like poofs out, it'll be like out, it'll be like out, it'll be like you know hair is done. Y'all, I haven't you know hair is done. Y'all, I haven't you know hair is done. Y'all, I haven't ate anything all day. It is 2:30. ate anything all day. It is 2:30. ate anything all day. It is 2:30. >> [music] >> It is 2:30. I have yet to eat anything. >> It is 2:30. I have yet to eat anything. >> It is 2:30. I have yet to eat anything. I'm running off of barely any sleep. I I'm running off of barely any sleep. I I'm running off of barely any sleep. I told y'all I got to house sit at 9:00 told y'all I got to house sit at 9:00 told y'all I got to house sit at 9:00 this morning. Came home, took a shower, this morning. Came home, took a shower, this morning. Came home, took a shower, came straight here. And I've been here came straight here. And I've been here came straight here. And I've been here since. Like I'm tired. I'm hungry. since. Like I'm tired. I'm hungry. since. Like I'm tired. I'm hungry. I still got stuff to do, girl. So, and I I still got stuff to do, girl. So, and I I still got stuff to do, girl. So, and I made plans with my homegirl tonight. So, made plans with my homegirl tonight. So, made plans with my homegirl tonight. So, never fix my lash though, but we'll never fix my lash though, but we'll never fix my lash though, but we'll handle that a little bit later. My handle that a little bit later. My handle that a little bit later. My camera's about to die anyway, so I'll camera's about to die anyway, so I'll camera's about to die anyway, so I'll probably meet y'all back at the house. probably meet y'all back at the house. probably meet y'all back at the house. And then tomorrow we get nails. I think And then tomorrow we get nails. I think And then tomorrow we get nails. I think I might double stack my lashes to give I might double stack my lashes to give I might double stack my lashes to give it like a full effect, but I look so it like a full effect, but I look so it like a full effect, but I look so Yeah. Good morning. Good morning. Good Yeah. Good morning. Good morning. Good Yeah. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good Oh, Lord. Hold on. Pause. morning. Good Oh, Lord. Hold on. Pause. morning. Good Oh, Lord. Hold on. Pause. It is 1:18 in the afternoon. I'm talking It is 1:18 in the afternoon. I'm talking It is 1:18 in the afternoon. I'm talking about good morning. Girl, it's been a about good morning. Girl, it's been a about good morning. Girl, it's been a weekend. It's been a weekend. It is weekend. It's been a weekend. It is weekend. It's been a weekend. It is currently Sunday, August 2nd. It is, currently Sunday, August 2nd. It is, currently Sunday, August 2nd. It is, like I said, 1:18 in the afternoon. Um I like I said, 1:18 in the afternoon. Um I like I said, 1:18 in the afternoon. Um I just went ahead and got myself together. just went ahead and got myself together. just went ahead and got myself together. I kind of straightened my apartment up a I kind of straightened my apartment up a I kind of straightened my apartment up a little bit, started laundry. We're about little bit, started laundry. We're about little bit, started laundry. We're about to get a move on our day. Um this vlog to get a move on our day. Um this vlog to get a move on our day. Um this vlog has been all over the place. I don't has been all over the place. I don't has been all over the place. I don't know what this is going to be, but I'm know what this is going to be, but I'm know what this is going to be, but I'm not going to waste no footage, so it's not going to waste no footage, so it's not going to waste no footage, so it's still finna go up. I'm sorry my camera still finna go up. I'm sorry my camera still finna go up. I'm sorry my camera keeps like defocusing. It really pisses keeps like defocusing. It really pisses keeps like defocusing. It really pisses me off when it does this when I'm in the me off when it does this when I'm in the me off when it does this when I'm in the car. Um I'm about to go to Dunkin'. car. Um I'm about to go to Dunkin'. car. Um I'm about to go to Dunkin'. We're about to try a new drink. Y'all We're about to try a new drink. Y'all We're about to try a new drink. Y'all haven't had Dunkin' in a while. So, I've haven't had Dunkin' in a while. So, I've haven't had Dunkin' in a while. So, I've been seeing this like drink everybody's been seeing this like drink everybody's been seeing this like drink everybody's been trying. It looks really good and been trying. It looks really good and been trying. It looks really good and cute and pink and girly. And I have on cute and pink and girly. And I have on cute and pink and girly. And I have on pink today, so I'm like pink today, so I'm like pink today, so I'm like It just gives like let's try a cute pink It just gives like let's try a cute pink It just gives like let's try a cute pink drink. Today is nail day. I got my hair drink. Today is nail day. I got my hair drink. Today is nail day. I got my hair done yesterday. It just is still intact. done yesterday. It just is still intact. done yesterday. It just is still intact. I left the house so early. My I left the house so early. My I left the house so early. My appointment is not till 2:30, but I left appointment is not till 2:30, but I left appointment is not till 2:30, but I left the house so early cuz I don't have a the house so early cuz I don't have a the house so early cuz I don't have a clue in the world on what I'm going to clue in the world on what I'm going to clue in the world on what I'm going to get. I don't know what I'm about to get, get. I don't know what I'm about to get, get. I don't know what I'm about to get, y'all. Like so, I'm about to just sit in y'all. Like so, I'm about to just sit in y'all. Like so, I'm about to just sit in my car, sit in my car, scroll on my car, sit in my car, scroll on my car, sit in my car, scroll on Pinterest, and try to find something. Pinterest, and try to find something. Pinterest, and try to find something. And then I have to go say ATM cuz And then I have to go say ATM cuz And then I have to go say ATM cuz her thing says cash only now. So, yeah, her thing says cash only now. So, yeah, her thing says cash only now. So, yeah, it's called a vanilla pink cloud latte. it's called a vanilla pink cloud latte. it's called a vanilla pink cloud latte. Can y'all see? Can y'all see? Can y'all see? Vanilla pink cloud. Let me see what it Vanilla pink cloud. Let me see what it Vanilla pink cloud. Let me see what it is. It's strawberry Ooh, strawberry cold is. It's strawberry Ooh, strawberry cold is. It's strawberry Ooh, strawberry cold foam and then it's like a vanilla latte. foam and then it's like a vanilla latte. foam and then it's like a vanilla latte. That actually sounds really good. It That actually sounds really good. It That actually sounds really good. It sounds really good. A vanilla latte with sounds really good. A vanilla latte with sounds really good. A vanilla latte with strawberry cloud or strawberry cold strawberry cloud or strawberry cold strawberry cloud or strawberry cold foam. foam. foam. We're going to get that. We're literally We're going to get that. We're literally We're going to get that. We're literally about to go to Dunkin. I'm going to get about to go to Dunkin. I'm going to get about to go to Dunkin. I'm going to get a small cuz yeah, I've been eating a small cuz yeah, I've been eating a small cuz yeah, I've been eating healthy. I haven't been drinking like healthy. I haven't been drinking like healthy. I haven't been drinking like sugary coffee. If I make coffee, I just sugary coffee. If I make coffee, I just sugary coffee. If I make coffee, I just do like brown sugar, honey, cinnamon, do like brown sugar, honey, cinnamon, do like brown sugar, honey, cinnamon, like regular sweeteners to sweeten it like regular sweeteners to sweeten it like regular sweeteners to sweeten it up. So, we're going to have a cute girly up. So, we're going to have a cute girly up. So, we're going to have a cute girly Sunday. Um but first, let's go ahead and Sunday. Um but first, let's go ahead and Sunday. Um but first, let's go ahead and get this coffee. I'm so excited to try get this coffee. I'm so excited to try get this coffee. I'm so excited to try it. Okay, y'all, we have the coffee. At it. Okay, y'all, we have the coffee. At it. Okay, y'all, we have the coffee. At first, he forgot the cold foam. I said, first, he forgot the cold foam. I said, first, he forgot the cold foam. I said, "Baby, this is the whole point." Um can "Baby, this is the whole point." Um can "Baby, this is the whole point." Um can y'all see? Y'all know I film in Dlog, so y'all see? Y'all know I film in Dlog, so y'all see? Y'all know I film in Dlog, so when I'm showing y'all this, there's no when I'm showing y'all this, there's no when I'm showing y'all this, there's no color. So, I don't know how y'all are color. So, I don't know how y'all are color. So, I don't know how y'all are going to see it, but she looks so good. going to see it, but she looks so good. going to see it, but she looks so good. I'm about to take a picture and we're I'm about to take a picture and we're I'm about to take a picture and we're about to try it together. Oh my god, I about to try it together. Oh my god, I about to try it together. Oh my god, I smell strawberry. I'm so excited. Let me try to And you know what? I see the vision, I see the vision, I see the vision, but I just think the coffee isn't right but I just think the coffee isn't right but I just think the coffee isn't right today. The actual latte part, like the today. The actual latte part, like the today. The actual latte part, like the actual coffee part, it tastes kind of actual coffee part, it tastes kind of actual coffee part, it tastes kind of burnt. But that cold foam is good. Like if this But that cold foam is good. Like if this But that cold foam is good. Like if this was made correctly, I'm telling my was made correctly, I'm telling my was made correctly, I'm telling my coffee just tastes kind of burnt. But I coffee just tastes kind of burnt. But I coffee just tastes kind of burnt. But I see the vision. Like I know if I see the vision. Like I know if I see the vision. Like I know if I would've went to a good Dunkin' on a would've went to a good Dunkin' on a would've went to a good Dunkin' on a good day, this would've been fire. So, good day, this would've been fire. So, good day, this would've been fire. So, now I have a couple minutes into my nail now I have a couple minutes into my nail now I have a couple minutes into my nail appointment. I'm about to sit in the appointment. I'm about to sit in the appointment. I'm about to sit in the car. Oh my goodness, y'all. Hold on, I'm car. Oh my goodness, y'all. Hold on, I'm car. Oh my goodness, y'all. Hold on, I'm about to figure out how to change this. about to figure out how to change this. about to figure out how to change this. Okay. Now, I'm about to sit in the car Okay. Now, I'm about to sit in the car Okay. Now, I'm about to sit in the car and scroll down Pinterest and do what and scroll down Pinterest and do what and scroll down Pinterest and do what I've been doing, look for some nail I've been doing, look for some nail I've been doing, look for some nail inspo for y'all. I have no idea what I'm inspo for y'all. I have no idea what I'm inspo for y'all. I have no idea what I'm going to get. Like I've been scrolling going to get. Like I've been scrolling going to get. Like I've been scrolling Oh, shoot. Oh, shoot. Oh, shoot. I've been scrolling and scrolling and I've been scrolling and scrolling and I've been scrolling and scrolling and scrolling trying to find nail inspo, and scrolling trying to find nail inspo, and scrolling trying to find nail inspo, and I cannot figure out what I want. I I cannot figure out what I want. I I cannot figure out what I want. I really want Y'all know I'm into really want Y'all know I'm into really want Y'all know I'm into stilettos lately. I love a good stiletto stilettos lately. I love a good stiletto stilettos lately. I love a good stiletto nail. But I kind of don't want to do nail. But I kind of don't want to do nail. But I kind of don't want to do stilettos and I kind of don't want stilettos and I kind of don't want stilettos and I kind of don't want length. I kind of want to go short. But length. I kind of want to go short. But length. I kind of want to go short. But at the same time, I really want at the same time, I really want at the same time, I really want stilettos. And at the same time, I kind stilettos. And at the same time, I kind stilettos. And at the same time, I kind of just want to do regular basic French of just want to do regular basic French of just want to do regular basic French like I always do. I don't want to do like I always do. I don't want to do like I always do. I don't want to do design, but at the same time, a little design, but at the same time, a little design, but at the same time, a little design might be cute. I just don't know design might be cute. I just don't know design might be cute. I just don't know what to do. I really like these, but what to do. I really like these, but what to do. I really like these, but like the more I look at them, the more I like the more I look at them, the more I like the more I look at them, the more I don't want them. I was going to get don't want them. I was going to get don't want them. I was going to get these in stilettos instead of almond, these in stilettos instead of almond, these in stilettos instead of almond, but I don't want those anymore. I but I don't want those anymore. I but I don't want those anymore. I thought these were cute, but like when I thought these were cute, but like when I thought these were cute, but like when I look at them too hard, I kind of get look at them too hard, I kind of get look at them too hard, I kind of get like the ick for some reason with the like the ick for some reason with the like the ick for some reason with the polka dots. I don't know. These are polka dots. I don't know. These are polka dots. I don't know. These are cute, but it's just a little bit too cute, but it's just a little bit too cute, but it's just a little bit too much like much like much like >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> I don't know what I want. So, I'm about >> I don't know what I want. So, I'm about >> I don't know what I want. So, I'm about to sit here and try to figure it out. to sit here and try to figure it out. to sit here and try to figure it out. Hopefully, I can figure something out Hopefully, I can figure something out Hopefully, I can figure something out within the next 20 minutes. Pretty much within the next 20 minutes. Pretty much within the next 20 minutes. Pretty much all I got, so I'm about to sip my all I got, so I'm about to sip my all I got, so I'm about to sip my coffee, scroll down Pinterest, and then coffee, scroll down Pinterest, and then coffee, scroll down Pinterest, and then we are going to meet to get my nail we are going to meet to get my nail we are going to meet to get my nail appointment. I don't know what I'm going appointment. I don't know what I'm going appointment. I don't know what I'm going to get. Y'all don't know what I'm going to get. Y'all don't know what I'm going to get. Y'all don't know what I'm going to get. It's just going to be a surprise to get. It's just going to be a surprise to get. It's just going to be a surprise at this point, so see you at the nail at this point, so see you at the nail at this point, so see you at the nail appointment, girl. >> [music] >> Y'all, I love my nails. >> Y'all, I love my nails. >> Y'all, I love my nails. We generally go stiletto and we go We generally go stiletto and we go We generally go stiletto and we go stiletto French with some polka dots and stiletto French with some polka dots and stiletto French with some polka dots and a bow. Like, tell me these ain't so cute a bow. Like, tell me these ain't so cute a bow. Like, tell me these ain't so cute and girly. I was going to do pink, but and girly. I was going to do pink, but and girly. I was going to do pink, but like I'm just so like I'm just so like I'm just so >> [gasps] >> [gasps] >> [gasps] >> I'm just so like >> I'm just so like >> I'm just so like Girl, something about some stiletto Girl, something about some stiletto Girl, something about some stiletto nails though. Like, let's really get nails though. Like, let's really get nails though. Like, let's really get into it. These are so cute, so cute, so into it. These are so cute, so cute, so into it. These are so cute, so cute, so simple, just how I like them. Just how I simple, just how I like them. Just how I simple, just how I like them. Just how I like them. Now, I'm ready to head back like them. Now, I'm ready to head back like them. Now, I'm ready to head back home. I have a few little Sunday things home. I have a few little Sunday things home. I have a few little Sunday things I need to finish up. I was washing I need to finish up. I was washing I need to finish up. I was washing clothes and clothes and clothes and >> [music] >> There's nobody like your body when you >> There's nobody like your body when you >> There's nobody like your body when you come [music] on top of me. You're come [music] on top of me. You're come [music] on top of me. You're wearing heaven, baby. You're the closest wearing heaven, baby. You're the closest wearing heaven, baby. You're the closest thing to heaven me. Oh, but need a thing to heaven me. Oh, but need a thing to heaven me. Oh, but need a better view. Just show me the real you. better view. Just show me the real you. better view. Just show me the real you. It's always hard. It's always hard. It's always hard. >> [music] >> And when I tell you they don't make >> And when I tell you they don't make >> And when I tell you they don't make music like that no more, they don't make music like that no more, they don't make music like that no more, they don't make music like that. They don't. They just music like that. They don't. They just music like that. They don't. They just don't. I'm finna put on some lip gloss. don't. I'm finna put on some lip gloss. don't. I'm finna put on some lip gloss. I'm finna hit the house, y'all. I got a I'm finna hit the house, y'all. I got a I'm finna hit the house, y'all. I got a few more Sunday things to do. I might few more Sunday things to do. I might few more Sunday things to do. I might cook dinner, I might not, I'm not sure. cook dinner, I might not, I'm not sure. cook dinner, I might not, I'm not sure. I was really going to make like soul I was really going to make like soul I was really going to make like soul food, but I don't like feeling rushed. food, but I don't like feeling rushed. food, but I don't like feeling rushed. Y'all know I got work tomorrow. It's Y'all know I got work tomorrow. It's Y'all know I got work tomorrow. It's Sunday. I don't know. We going to see Sunday. I don't know. We going to see Sunday. I don't know. We going to see what we going to get into tonight, so what we going to get into tonight, so what we going to get into tonight, so let me go ahead and get on the road, let me go ahead and get on the road, let me go ahead and get on the road, head back home. head back home. head back home. Nails is done. Hair is done. Nails is done. Hair is done. Nails is done. Hair is done. I'm going to double stack my lashes I'm going to double stack my lashes I'm going to double stack my lashes later tonight, and I'm going to be full later tonight, and I'm going to be full later tonight, and I'm going to be full effect baddie again. Thank you. Good effect baddie again. Thank you. Good effect baddie again. Thank you. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. morning. Good morning. Good morning. morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Y'all, it is currently Good morning. Y'all, it is currently Good morning. Y'all, it is currently Wednesday, August 5th. It is days later. Wednesday, August 5th. It is days later. Wednesday, August 5th. It is days later. It is days later. I am about to head to It is days later. I am about to head to It is days later. I am about to head to work. I feel like it's something in my work. I feel like it's something in my work. I feel like it's something in my eye. Oh my goodness, it is. I'm about to eye. Oh my goodness, it is. I'm about to eye. Oh my goodness, it is. I'm about to head to work, y'all. I came on here. I head to work, y'all. I came on here. I head to work, y'all. I came on here. I was going to start my vlog this morning, was going to start my vlog this morning, was going to start my vlog this morning, do a little get ready with me for work, do a little get ready with me for work, do a little get ready with me for work, but then I realized I left both of my but then I realized I left both of my but then I realized I left both of my tripods in my car, so I wasn't recording tripods in my car, so I wasn't recording tripods in my car, so I wasn't recording nothing this morning. But y'all, I have nothing this morning. But y'all, I have nothing this morning. But y'all, I have just been so lazy and so like I don't just been so lazy and so like I don't just been so lazy and so like I don't even know how to explain it. Not in a even know how to explain it. Not in a even know how to explain it. Not in a funk, cuz like I'm perfectly fine, but I funk, cuz like I'm perfectly fine, but I funk, cuz like I'm perfectly fine, but I can't get myself to do anything. Like I can't get myself to do anything. Like I can't get myself to do anything. Like I haven't been to the gym in a few days. I haven't been to the gym in a few days. I haven't been to the gym in a few days. I haven't been like haven't been like haven't been like keeping up with like myself. I barely keeping up with like myself. I barely keeping up with like myself. I barely have any lashes in. They're all falling have any lashes in. They're all falling have any lashes in. They're all falling out. I'm ripping them out. It's time to out. I'm ripping them out. It's time to out. I'm ripping them out. It's time to get our pink back. It's time to get our get our pink back. It's time to get our get our pink back. It's time to get our spark back. Like literally, my hair is spark back. Like literally, my hair is spark back. Like literally, my hair is done. My hair is done. My nails are done. My hair is done. My nails are done. My hair is done. My nails are done. We got all that done, and I'm done. We got all that done, and I'm done. We got all that done, and I'm still just not feeling it. I don't know still just not feeling it. I don't know still just not feeling it. I don't know what it is. Like I [snorts] think it's what it is. Like I [snorts] think it's what it is. Like I [snorts] think it's the weather. It's been raining these the weather. It's been raining these the weather. It's been raining these past couple days. I also got an energy past couple days. I also got an energy past couple days. I also got an energy drink, cuz today we're going to lock in. drink, cuz today we're going to lock in. drink, cuz today we're going to lock in. We're going to lock in. We're going to We're going to lock in. We're going to We're going to lock in. We're going to go to the gym. We're going to redo my go to the gym. We're going to redo my go to the gym. We're going to redo my lashes. We're going to do a self-care lashes. We're going to do a self-care lashes. We're going to do a self-care night. We're going to try to get our night. We're going to try to get our night. We're going to try to get our pink back. I have not been feeling it pink back. I have not been feeling it pink back. I have not been feeling it lately, so I'm about to go ahead and lately, so I'm about to go ahead and lately, so I'm about to go ahead and start sipping this energy drink. start sipping this energy drink. start sipping this energy drink. Um last night I went to sleep mad early, Um last night I went to sleep mad early, Um last night I went to sleep mad early, because I my sleep has been all over the because I my sleep has been all over the because I my sleep has been all over the place, too. Like it's just been weird place, too. Like it's just been weird place, too. Like it's just been weird vibes, so we're just going to finish off vibes, so we're just going to finish off vibes, so we're just going to finish off this video with just trying to get back this video with just trying to get back this video with just trying to get back to us. Try to get back to routine. try to us. Try to get back to routine. try to us. Try to get back to routine. try to get back to, you know, my regular day to get back to, you know, my regular day to get back to, you know, my regular day girl cuz I'm just not feeling it. I'm girl cuz I'm just not feeling it. I'm girl cuz I'm just not feeling it. I'm not feeling it. I don't know what it is, not feeling it. I don't know what it is, not feeling it. I don't know what it is, so we're going to shake it. I'm about to so we're going to shake it. I'm about to so we're going to shake it. I'm about to drink this Celsius. I got strawberry drink this Celsius. I got strawberry drink this Celsius. I got strawberry passion fruit. I don't know if I ever passion fruit. I don't know if I ever passion fruit. I don't know if I ever had this one. Maybe I did a while ago, had this one. Maybe I did a while ago, had this one. Maybe I did a while ago, but we're going to see. I know I've had but we're going to see. I know I've had but we're going to see. I know I've had mango dragon fruit. Strawberry? Not a fan fave, but it'll do. So, I'm Not a fan fave, but it'll do. So, I'm Not a fan fave, but it'll do. So, I'm about to drink this, go to work. After about to drink this, go to work. After about to drink this, go to work. After work, we're going to put on a cute work, we're going to put on a cute work, we're going to put on a cute workout set. We're going to go to that workout set. We're going to go to that workout set. We're going to go to that gym, get this body right. gym, get this body right. gym, get this body right. And we're just going to kind of try to And we're just going to kind of try to And we're just going to kind of try to regroup, girl, so get in and yeah. We'll regroup, girl, so get in and yeah. We'll regroup, girl, so get in and yeah. We'll kind of chit-chat a little bit later, kind of chit-chat a little bit later, kind of chit-chat a little bit later, kind of talk, just do our little girls kind of talk, just do our little girls kind of talk, just do our little girls thing, you know. So, let me go ahead and thing, you know. So, let me go ahead and thing, you know. So, let me go ahead and go clock in and make some money for the go clock in and make some money for the go clock in and make some money for the day. And then we can get back to day. And then we can get back to day. And then we can get back to business. All right, y'all. I am business. All right, y'all. I am business. All right, y'all. I am officially back home. As you can see, I officially back home. As you can see, I officially back home. As you can see, I just changed into a workout set. Let's just changed into a workout set. Let's just changed into a workout set. Let's get into her. Let me show her. When I get into her. Let me show her. When I get into her. Let me show her. When I tell y'all wearing cute, girly, tell y'all wearing cute, girly, tell y'all wearing cute, girly, colorful, sexy like workout sets, it colorful, sexy like workout sets, it colorful, sexy like workout sets, it just makes me feel so good. It makes me just makes me feel so good. It makes me just makes me feel so good. It makes me want to go to the gym. If I don't have a want to go to the gym. If I don't have a want to go to the gym. If I don't have a cute, girly workout set, guess where I'm cute, girly workout set, guess where I'm cute, girly workout set, guess where I'm not going? The gym. So, this is like a not going? The gym. So, this is like a not going? The gym. So, this is like a mandatory thing for me. I invest my mandatory thing for me. I invest my mandatory thing for me. I invest my hard-earned money into these cute hard-earned money into these cute hard-earned money into these cute workout sets because I don't know, workout sets because I don't know, workout sets because I don't know, something about it just gives me like a something about it just gives me like a something about it just gives me like a confidence boost to go to the gym cuz I confidence boost to go to the gym cuz I confidence boost to go to the gym cuz I look cute. Let's get into her. Look at look cute. Let's get into her. Look at look cute. Let's get into her. Look at the color, y'all. I just got her. She's the color, y'all. I just got her. She's the color, y'all. I just got her. She's super cute. I like this color. I think super cute. I like this color. I think super cute. I like this color. I think it looks really good on my skin. I was it looks really good on my skin. I was it looks really good on my skin. I was going to wear a pant set today, but I'm going to wear a pant set today, but I'm going to wear a pant set today, but I'm doing booty and on booty days I get doing booty and on booty days I get doing booty and on booty days I get extra extra hot. So, pants is a no. extra extra hot. So, pants is a no. extra extra hot. So, pants is a no. Pants is like for the days where I'm Pants is like for the days where I'm Pants is like for the days where I'm just doing upper body, doing a cute just doing upper body, doing a cute just doing upper body, doing a cute little one, two, but like on days I be little one, two, but like on days I be little one, two, but like on days I be working, I'm in shorts. So, let me give working, I'm in shorts. So, let me give working, I'm in shorts. So, let me give y'all the deets on all my workout sets. y'all the deets on all my workout sets. y'all the deets on all my workout sets. Any workout set you've ever seen me in, Any workout set you've ever seen me in, Any workout set you've ever seen me in, I'm going to show you where to find it, I'm going to show you where to find it, I'm going to show you where to find it, how to find it, X, Y, and Z. You go to how to find it, X, Y, and Z. You go to how to find it, X, Y, and Z. You go to my TikTok. This is how it looks when you my TikTok. This is how it looks when you my TikTok. This is how it looks when you pull my TikTok account up. You click pull my TikTok account up. You click pull my TikTok account up. You click showcase. Every single workout set I showcase. Every single workout set I showcase. Every single workout set I have posted is on here. So, I do have have posted is on here. So, I do have have posted is on here. So, I do have some packages. I got some new workout some packages. I got some new workout some packages. I got some new workout sets and a sample from TikTok Shop. So, sets and a sample from TikTok Shop. So, sets and a sample from TikTok Shop. So, I'm trying to really branch out, y'all, I'm trying to really branch out, y'all, I'm trying to really branch out, y'all, like I have been so discouraged and so like I have been so discouraged and so like I have been so discouraged and so out of it, so I really want to get back out of it, so I really want to get back out of it, so I really want to get back into this bag. I'm telling y'all I keep into this bag. I'm telling y'all I keep into this bag. I'm telling y'all I keep saying it, but like I'm telling you that saying it, but like I'm telling you that saying it, but like I'm telling you that I am. Yeah, and also y'all, let me show I am. Yeah, and also y'all, let me show I am. Yeah, and also y'all, let me show you. 10K on my cooking page. So now I am you. 10K on my cooking page. So now I am you. 10K on my cooking page. So now I am monetized. NOW I CAN MAKE A BAG. NOW I monetized. NOW I CAN MAKE A BAG. NOW I monetized. NOW I CAN MAKE A BAG. NOW I CAN MAKE A BAG SO YOU BEST BELIEVE I'm CAN MAKE A BAG SO YOU BEST BELIEVE I'm CAN MAKE A BAG SO YOU BEST BELIEVE I'm definitely motivated. Now I'm about to definitely motivated. Now I'm about to definitely motivated. Now I'm about to get in that cooking bag. I'm going to do get in that cooking bag. I'm going to do get in that cooking bag. I'm going to do TikTok shop samples. I'm going to do it TikTok shop samples. I'm going to do it TikTok shop samples. I'm going to do it all. I'm going to do it all. I'm going all. I'm going to do it all. I'm going all. I'm going to do it all. I'm going to lock back in. I got that motivation. to lock back in. I got that motivation. to lock back in. I got that motivation. So let's get into a haul of the packages So let's get into a haul of the packages So let's get into a haul of the packages I got um the past couple days. I did I got um the past couple days. I did I got um the past couple days. I did also get another workout set. I just also get another workout set. I just also get another workout set. I just don't have it. We got a workout set. So don't have it. We got a workout set. So don't have it. We got a workout set. So this is a halter top. It's the same kind this is a halter top. It's the same kind this is a halter top. It's the same kind of top I got on. It's not from Coral of top I got on. It's not from Coral of top I got on. It's not from Coral Kicks though. It's an army green set Kicks though. It's an army green set Kicks though. It's an army green set which is very different for me. I don't which is very different for me. I don't which is very different for me. I don't have any like army green things. And have any like army green things. And have any like army green things. And this is a pant set so it's not shorts. this is a pant set so it's not shorts. this is a pant set so it's not shorts. It's leggings cuz I need some more It's leggings cuz I need some more It's leggings cuz I need some more legging sets. So I got this and I also legging sets. So I got this and I also legging sets. So I got this and I also got it in light pink but I wore it the got it in light pink but I wore it the got it in light pink but I wore it the other day so she's not available for other day so she's not available for other day so she's not available for show cuz she's dirty. And then I got show cuz she's dirty. And then I got show cuz she's dirty. And then I got another set but this is just a plain another set but this is just a plain another set but this is just a plain black set cuz I have so many colors but black set cuz I have so many colors but black set cuz I have so many colors but I don't have like neutrals. You know I don't have like neutrals. You know I don't have like neutrals. You know what I'm saying? I need some like basics what I'm saying? I need some like basics what I'm saying? I need some like basics so I can like mix and match if I want. so I can like mix and match if I want. so I can like mix and match if I want. So this is just shorts. And I feel like So this is just shorts. And I feel like So this is just shorts. And I feel like the halter tops for me are really good the halter tops for me are really good the halter tops for me are really good cuz my chest. Then the next set I got I cuz my chest. Then the next set I got I cuz my chest. Then the next set I got I haven't opened yet. It's a sample from haven't opened yet. It's a sample from haven't opened yet. It's a sample from TikTok shop. Y'all really want to get my TikTok shop. Y'all really want to get my TikTok shop. Y'all really want to get my TikTok shop bag but I don't really do TikTok shop bag but I don't really do TikTok shop bag but I don't really do samples so like sellers don't really get samples so like sellers don't really get samples so like sellers don't really get approved in my stuff so I need to lock approved in my stuff so I need to lock approved in my stuff so I need to lock in. I do need to lock in cuz I really in. I do need to lock in cuz I really in. I do need to lock in cuz I really want to You know what I'm saying? This want to You know what I'm saying? This want to You know what I'm saying? This is from Wildflower Cases. It is a phone is from Wildflower Cases. It is a phone is from Wildflower Cases. It is a phone case. case. case. Period. It says a gift for your phone. Period. It says a gift for your phone. Period. It says a gift for your phone. Oh w f. Oh w f. Oh w f. Packaging is cute. It matches the case. Packaging is cute. It matches the case. Packaging is cute. It matches the case. This case just gave me like Victoria's This case just gave me like Victoria's This case just gave me like Victoria's Secret vibes. I really like it. This is Secret vibes. I really like it. This is Secret vibes. I really like it. This is my new case so I'm trying to get in my my new case so I'm trying to get in my my new case so I'm trying to get in my pink really bad. Like I'm starting to pink really bad. Like I'm starting to pink really bad. Like I'm starting to love again. As you can tell, I kind of love again. As you can tell, I kind of love again. As you can tell, I kind of got tired of playing with pink but now got tired of playing with pink but now got tired of playing with pink but now I'm really loving pink again. Like I I'm really loving pink again. Like I I'm really loving pink again. Like I might just decorate my apartment pink might just decorate my apartment pink might just decorate my apartment pink again just cuz I'm loving pink again. I again just cuz I'm loving pink again. I again just cuz I'm loving pink again. I got this phone case from Wildflower. got this phone case from Wildflower. got this phone case from Wildflower. Shout out to them. Thank you. I got to Shout out to them. Thank you. I got to Shout out to them. Thank you. I got to make a little video on that and that is make a little video on that and that is make a little video on that and that is my haul of everything I got these past my haul of everything I got these past my haul of everything I got these past couple days and I'm about to go to the couple days and I'm about to go to the couple days and I'm about to go to the gym. So I'm about to go and fill my gym. So I'm about to go and fill my gym. So I'm about to go and fill my water bottle up, pack my gym bag. We're water bottle up, pack my gym bag. We're water bottle up, pack my gym bag. We're about to go to the gym, get a workout about to go to the gym, get a workout about to go to the gym, get a workout in. I'm going to record. We need to do in. I'm going to record. We need to do in. I'm going to record. We need to do it all. So tonight's going to be a busy it all. So tonight's going to be a busy it all. So tonight's going to be a busy night. So let's go ahead, slow it down night. So let's go ahead, slow it down night. So let's go ahead, slow it down and get into this workout first. All and get into this workout first. All and get into this workout first. All right. Hey, y'all. I'm back. It is right. Hey, y'all. I'm back. It is right. Hey, y'all. I'm back. It is literally the same day. I took my lashes literally the same day. I took my lashes literally the same day. I took my lashes off. I just got in the shower, washed my off. I just got in the shower, washed my off. I just got in the shower, washed my face. It is 9:48 at night, y'all. I am face. It is 9:48 at night, y'all. I am face. It is 9:48 at night, y'all. I am about ready to go to bed. Um I just about ready to go to bed. Um I just about ready to go to bed. Um I just wanted to come up on here and do a wanted to come up on here and do a wanted to come up on here and do a little chit-chat. I'm literally closing little chit-chat. I'm literally closing little chit-chat. I'm literally closing this vlog out. This vlog was a whole this vlog out. This vlog was a whole this vlog out. This vlog was a whole bunch of nothing. I don't know what it bunch of nothing. I don't know what it bunch of nothing. I don't know what it is, but y'all, I am in such a funk. is, but y'all, I am in such a funk. is, but y'all, I am in such a funk. Like, I don't want to do nothing. I just Like, I don't want to do nothing. I just Like, I don't want to do nothing. I just I don't know. I just My content I hate I don't know. I just My content I hate I don't know. I just My content I hate everything I film. I hate everything I everything I film. I hate everything I everything I film. I hate everything I put out these past couple months. I just put out these past couple months. I just put out these past couple months. I just It hasn't been hitting. None of this has It hasn't been hitting. None of this has It hasn't been hitting. None of this has been hitting for me. You feel what I'm been hitting for me. You feel what I'm been hitting for me. You feel what I'm saying? Cuz I don't know. I feel like saying? Cuz I don't know. I feel like saying? Cuz I don't know. I feel like I'm kind of losing it. Like, I'm losing I'm kind of losing it. Like, I'm losing I'm kind of losing it. Like, I'm losing my And I don't know, y'all. I don't know my And I don't know, y'all. I don't know my And I don't know, y'all. I don't know what's going on with me. I don't know what's going on with me. I don't know what's going on with me. I don't know why I feel the way I feel. Like, life is why I feel the way I feel. Like, life is why I feel the way I feel. Like, life is okay. Like, life is not bad. I'm not okay. Like, life is not bad. I'm not okay. Like, life is not bad. I'm not depressed. I'm not X, Y, and Z. But, depressed. I'm not X, Y, and Z. But, depressed. I'm not X, Y, and Z. But, it's like I just I don't know. I'm it's like I just I don't know. I'm it's like I just I don't know. I'm losing my spark. I'm losing my shine. losing my spark. I'm losing my shine. losing my spark. I'm losing my shine. I'm just losing it. And I don't know I'm just losing it. And I don't know I'm just losing it. And I don't know what it is. Like, I'm just so blessed what it is. Like, I'm just so blessed what it is. Like, I'm just so blessed nowadays. I'm just I don't want to film. nowadays. I'm just I don't want to film. nowadays. I'm just I don't want to film. Every day is the same thing. It's work, Every day is the same thing. It's work, Every day is the same thing. It's work, content, work, content, gym, cook, content, work, content, gym, cook, content, work, content, gym, cook, clean, work, content, gym. It's the same clean, work, content, gym. It's the same clean, work, content, gym. It's the same thing. And it's like, I know there's thing. And it's like, I know there's thing. And it's like, I know there's going to be like a lot of going to be like a lot of going to be like a lot of recommendations and stuff in the recommendations and stuff in the recommendations and stuff in the comments. Like, "Oh, you should try comments. Like, "Oh, you should try comments. Like, "Oh, you should try this. You should go here." That's not this. You should go here." That's not this. You should go here." That's not even necessarily what I'm looking for. even necessarily what I'm looking for. even necessarily what I'm looking for. Cuz I don't know. Life is repetitive Cuz I don't know. Life is repetitive Cuz I don't know. Life is repetitive right now cuz it literally needs to be. right now cuz it literally needs to be. right now cuz it literally needs to be. I need to sit my ass down, save my I need to sit my ass down, save my I need to sit my ass down, save my money, stack my money. I don't need like money, stack my money. I don't need like money, stack my money. I don't need like ideas on "Oh, you should go here. You ideas on "Oh, you should go here. You ideas on "Oh, you should go here. You should do this. You should" That's not should do this. You should" That's not should do this. You should" That's not even what I'm looking for. This is just even what I'm looking for. This is just even what I'm looking for. This is just what life is right now. Sometimes with what life is right now. Sometimes with what life is right now. Sometimes with life you got to sit your ass down. It's life you got to sit your ass down. It's life you got to sit your ass down. It's like it's not filmable. It's not like it's not filmable. It's not like it's not filmable. It's not nothing. I just want to be up on here nothing. I just want to be up on here nothing. I just want to be up on here filming the same videos every other filming the same videos every other filming the same videos every other week. You feel what I'm saying? Like, I week. You feel what I'm saying? Like, I week. You feel what I'm saying? Like, I don't know. Life is just so I'm don't know. Life is just so I'm don't know. Life is just so I'm grateful. I'm blessed. But, this is just grateful. I'm blessed. But, this is just grateful. I'm blessed. But, this is just me like venting. Like, I don't know what me like venting. Like, I don't know what me like venting. Like, I don't know what it is. This is why I've been so it is. This is why I've been so it is. This is why I've been so inconsistent. And like, I'll post one inconsistent. And like, I'll post one inconsistent. And like, I'll post one week and then I won't post for another 2 week and then I won't post for another 2 week and then I won't post for another 2 weeks. I won't post for another 3 weeks. weeks. I won't post for another 3 weeks. weeks. I won't post for another 3 weeks. Cuz like, I don't know, y'all. Like, I Cuz like, I don't know, y'all. Like, I Cuz like, I don't know, y'all. Like, I really am feeling myself fall into a really am feeling myself fall into a really am feeling myself fall into a funk. But, it's like I'm okay. Like, you funk. But, it's like I'm okay. Like, you funk. But, it's like I'm okay. Like, you know, mentally like I'm okay. It's know, mentally like I'm okay. It's know, mentally like I'm okay. It's nothing wrong with me mentally. It's nothing wrong with me mentally. It's nothing wrong with me mentally. It's just like I'm I don't know. I went to just like I'm I don't know. I went to just like I'm I don't know. I went to the gym today. I started filming. Then the gym today. I started filming. Then the gym today. I started filming. Then I'm like, "I don't want to film this." I'm like, "I don't want to film this." I'm like, "I don't want to film this." Like, I'm bored with it already. I don't Like, I'm bored with it already. I don't Like, I'm bored with it already. I don't want to film this. I had a terrible want to film this. I had a terrible want to film this. I had a terrible workout. Which is life, of course, workout. Which is life, of course, workout. Which is life, of course, you're going to have those bad days. But you're going to have those bad days. But you're going to have those bad days. But it feels like bad day after bad day it feels like bad day after bad day it feels like bad day after bad day after bad day after bad day. Not bad after bad day after bad day. Not bad after bad day after bad day. Not bad day, but like just these black days, day, but like just these black days, day, but like just these black days, like where I'm just like, "I'm not like where I'm just like, "I'm not like where I'm just like, "I'm not feeling this." Or like, you know, I'm feeling this." Or like, you know, I'm feeling this." Or like, you know, I'm having trouble sleeping and X, Y, and Z. having trouble sleeping and X, Y, and Z. having trouble sleeping and X, Y, and Z. I'm having trouble just doing the things I'm having trouble just doing the things I'm having trouble just doing the things I should be doing. Like I'm really I should be doing. Like I'm really I should be doing. Like I'm really losing it, it feels like. Like I'm losing it, it feels like. Like I'm losing it, it feels like. Like I'm losing my motivation, I'm losing my losing my motivation, I'm losing my losing my motivation, I'm losing my inspiration, I'm losing my spark, I'm inspiration, I'm losing my spark, I'm inspiration, I'm losing my spark, I'm losing my shine. Like I feel like my losing my shine. Like I feel like my losing my shine. Like I feel like my skin don't even glow the same no more. skin don't even glow the same no more. skin don't even glow the same no more. If you know anything about me, this skin If you know anything about me, this skin If you know anything about me, this skin be glowing. I feel like it's not. And I be glowing. I feel like it's not. And I be glowing. I feel like it's not. And I don't know. Like I really have a hard don't know. Like I really have a hard don't know. Like I really have a hard time putting my emotions into words. I time putting my emotions into words. I time putting my emotions into words. I feel like the girls that get it get it. feel like the girls that get it get it. feel like the girls that get it get it. But like to a lot of people they're But like to a lot of people they're But like to a lot of people they're going to be like, "What the hell are you going to be like, "What the hell are you going to be like, "What the hell are you talking about? Like what are you even talking about? Like what are you even talking about? Like what are you even saying? You're saying a whole bunch of saying? You're saying a whole bunch of saying? You're saying a whole bunch of nothing." Which it definitely comes off nothing." Which it definitely comes off nothing." Which it definitely comes off that way, but it's like I can't explain that way, but it's like I can't explain that way, but it's like I can't explain how I'm feeling. I just know I'm feeling how I'm feeling. I just know I'm feeling how I'm feeling. I just know I'm feeling black. If y'all have any inspiration or black. If y'all have any inspiration or black. If y'all have any inspiration or anything to get my spark back, to get my anything to get my spark back, to get my anything to get my spark back, to get my shine back, to get back doing [\h__\h] Cuz shine back, to get back doing [\h__\h] Cuz shine back, to get back doing [\h__\h] Cuz like I keep trying to force it, but like like I keep trying to force it, but like like I keep trying to force it, but like forcing it and then also trying to do forcing it and then also trying to do forcing it and then also trying to do content. Like I'm forcing it. Like, you content. Like I'm forcing it. Like, you content. Like I'm forcing it. Like, you know, I'm forcing it going to the gym. know, I'm forcing it going to the gym. know, I'm forcing it going to the gym. Today I went to the gym. Did I really do Today I went to the gym. Did I really do Today I went to the gym. Did I really do anything for real for real? anything for real for real? anything for real for real? I I played around that gym. I'm not I I played around that gym. I'm not I I played around that gym. I'm not going to lie. I did play in the gym. going to lie. I did play in the gym. going to lie. I did play in the gym. Like I'm literally forcing this right Like I'm literally forcing this right Like I'm literally forcing this right now. At least in this vlog I got my hair now. At least in this vlog I got my hair now. At least in this vlog I got my hair done, I got my nails done. It's still done, I got my nails done. It's still done, I got my nails done. It's still worth a little something. I don't know worth a little something. I don't know worth a little something. I don't know how long it's going to be. I don't know how long it's going to be. I don't know how long it's going to be. I don't know what You know. I know it's not my best what You know. I know it's not my best what You know. I know it's not my best one yet. Yeah, I don't know. Maybe I one yet. Yeah, I don't know. Maybe I one yet. Yeah, I don't know. Maybe I just need like a reset, a hard reset, just need like a reset, a hard reset, just need like a reset, a hard reset, like not even film type of reset. Like like not even film type of reset. Like like not even film type of reset. Like just really reset and tap back into me just really reset and tap back into me just really reset and tap back into me and get back to me and figure out what and get back to me and figure out what and get back to me and figure out what Kaya wants in this era, figure out what Kaya wants in this era, figure out what Kaya wants in this era, figure out what Kaya needs, and just pour back into me Kaya needs, and just pour back into me Kaya needs, and just pour back into me for a couple weeks because something is for a couple weeks because something is for a couple weeks because something is off, sisters. Something is off and I off, sisters. Something is off and I off, sisters. Something is off and I couldn't tell you what it is. So, yeah, couldn't tell you what it is. So, yeah, couldn't tell you what it is. So, yeah, that's really just my life. I'm going to that's really just my life. I'm going to that's really just my life. I'm going to just wrap this video up cuz I feel like just wrap this video up cuz I feel like just wrap this video up cuz I feel like I'm really just forcing it and like I'm really just forcing it and like I'm really just forcing it and like doing a bunch of nothing. So, I'm really doing a bunch of nothing. So, I'm really doing a bunch of nothing. So, I'm really just not even trying to film this no just not even trying to film this no just not even trying to film this no more. Like when I start a new video I more. Like when I start a new video I more. Like when I start a new video I want it to just be fresh. Like fresh, want it to just be fresh. Like fresh, want it to just be fresh. Like fresh, something new, something I actually want something new, something I actually want something new, something I actually want to film when I'm feeling myself again. to film when I'm feeling myself again. to film when I'm feeling myself again. So, yeah, girly pops, this is all I got So, yeah, girly pops, this is all I got So, yeah, girly pops, this is all I got for you. I'm sorry, but I did just want for you. I'm sorry, but I did just want for you. I'm sorry, but I did just want to show my face and kind of let y'all to show my face and kind of let y'all to show my face and kind of let y'all know where I'm at mentally, what's going know where I'm at mentally, what's going know where I'm at mentally, what's going on, why I'm like so inconsistent yet on, why I'm like so inconsistent yet on, why I'm like so inconsistent yet again. Don't know when the next video again. Don't know when the next video again. Don't know when the next video is, so don't ask. It probably won't be is, so don't ask. It probably won't be is, so don't ask. It probably won't be on another Sunday. Let's just scratch on another Sunday. Let's just scratch on another Sunday. Let's just scratch the posting schedule until we can get the posting schedule until we can get the posting schedule until we can get back to feeling like Ky. So, if I say back to feeling like Ky. So, if I say back to feeling like Ky. So, if I say anything about a posting schedule and anything about a posting schedule and anything about a posting schedule and you really holding me to that, just you really holding me to that, just you really holding me to that, just don't hold me to it no more. Just don't don't hold me to it no more. Just don't don't hold me to it no more. Just don't hold hold it to me. Just don't let it hold hold it to me. Just don't let it hold hold it to me. Just don't let it Just forget it. Forget I even said that. Just forget it. Forget I even said that. Just forget it. Forget I even said that. We'll be back. I really don't want to We'll be back. I really don't want to We'll be back. I really don't want to keep posting BS and stuff I don't like keep posting BS and stuff I don't like keep posting BS and stuff I don't like until I'm feeling like, "Okay, yeah, until I'm feeling like, "Okay, yeah, until I'm feeling like, "Okay, yeah, she's back." I just I feel like I'm she's back." I just I feel like I'm she's back." I just I feel like I'm half-assing it and I know people are half-assing it and I know people are half-assing it and I know people are going to be like, "You know, we want to going to be like, "You know, we want to going to be like, "You know, we want to see anything you post. You could be see anything you post. You could be see anything you post. You could be doing this and we'll love it." It's not doing this and we'll love it." It's not doing this and we'll love it." It's not even about that. This is a me thing. even about that. This is a me thing. even about that. This is a me thing. Like, as a creator, if you're a creator, Like, as a creator, if you're a creator, Like, as a creator, if you're a creator, you know yourself. Yes, people would you know yourself. Yes, people would you know yourself. Yes, people would really watch like some BS you post. But, really watch like some BS you post. But, really watch like some BS you post. But, as a creator, that's holding myself to as a creator, that's holding myself to as a creator, that's holding myself to such a low standard. Like, I'M REALLY such a low standard. Like, I'M REALLY such a low standard. Like, I'M REALLY THAT'S JUST NOT YOU KNOW, LIKE, I DON'T THAT'S JUST NOT YOU KNOW, LIKE, I DON'T THAT'S JUST NOT YOU KNOW, LIKE, I DON'T KNOW. I feel y'all, but like, me and the KNOW. I feel y'all, but like, me and the KNOW. I feel y'all, but like, me and the way my head work, it's not going to way my head work, it's not going to way my head work, it's not going to work. Love y'all. Hugs and kisses. I work. Love y'all. Hugs and kisses. I work. Love y'all. Hugs and kisses. I appreciate all the love and support, the appreciate all the love and support, the appreciate all the love and support, the ongoing love and support with no matter ongoing love and support with no matter ongoing love and support with no matter how many breaks I take. I appreciate how many breaks I take. I appreciate how many breaks I take. I appreciate everybody who's still here to this day, everybody who's still here to this day, everybody who's still here to this day, who's still watching, who's still who's still watching, who's still who's still watching, who's still liking, who's still commenting, who's liking, who's still commenting, who's liking, who's still commenting, who's still a silent viewer. I appreciate you still a silent viewer. I appreciate you still a silent viewer. I appreciate you all. I love you all. But, I'm going to all. I love you all. But, I'm going to all. I love you all. But, I'm going to go ahead and call it a night. Going to go ahead and call it a night. Going to go ahead and call it a night. Going to pray on it. And I'll see y'all in the pray on it. And I'll see y'all in the pray on it. And I'll see y'all in the next video. next video. next video. Whenever that is.