Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Baby, Baby, Baby, hmm. hmm. hmm. Look at the worm in the chocolate. Look at the worm in the chocolate. Look at the worm in the chocolate. This is the second time a worm has been found in this chocolate. This is the second time a worm has been found in this chocolate. This is the second time a worm has been found in this chocolate. This time we will have to file a case against the chocolate seller. This time we will have to file a case against the chocolate seller. What time? What time? What time? 4:00 pm, right? 4:00 pm, right? 4:00 pm, right? 4:00 pm. 4:00 pm. 4:00 pm. Where did you buy it from? Where did you buy it from? Where did you buy it from? This is the nearby store from there. This is the nearby store from there. This is the nearby store from there. Tell me your address. Tell me your address. Tell me your address. Adarsh ​​Nagar SC Road. Adarsh ​​Nagar SC Road. Adarsh ​​Nagar SC Road. Jogeshwari West. Jogeshwari West. Jogeshwari West. Contact number? Contact number? Contact number? Here you go sir.  Proof. Here you go sir.  Proof. Here you go sir.  Proof. Ok.   Do Ok.   Do Ok.   Do n't leave me, sir. n't leave me, sir. n't leave me, sir. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Two hours later Two hours later Two hours later Sir, is this your wife?  What happened? Sir, is this your wife?  What happened? Sir, is this your wife?  What happened? Hey, you come to the police station.  I am coming. Hey, you come to the police station.  I am coming. Hey, you come to the police station.  I am coming. What happened?  Why did you come back here? What happened?  Why did you come back here? What happened?  Why did you come back here? Baby, look, the worm has come out and he is Baby, look, the worm has come out and he is Baby, look, the worm has come out and he is not taking my complaint. not taking my complaint. not taking my complaint. Who got the worm? Who got the worm? Who got the worm? In this. And how are you?   I am And how are you?   I am And how are you?   I am fine. fine. fine. Where are you coming from?   I am Where are you coming from?   I am Where are you coming from?   I am coming from home.   The coming from home.   The coming from home.   The car is not working.  When did you take it?  Took it just 2 days ago.   Did you learn to car is not working.  When did you take it?  Took it just 2 days ago.   Did you learn to drive in 2 days?   A drive in 2 days?   A drive in 2 days?   A little bit.   It seems so. little bit.   It seems so. little bit.   It seems so. [laughs] I would have [laughs] I would have [laughs] I would have learned a little better. learned a little better. learned a little better. Tomorrow is 15th August.  Everyone should come wearing good clothes. Tomorrow is 15th August.  Everyone should come wearing good clothes. Tomorrow is 15th August.  Everyone should come wearing good clothes. Whoever comes wearing the best clothes will Whoever comes wearing the best clothes will Whoever comes wearing the best clothes will get two laddus. get two laddus. get two laddus. The Next Day. The Next Day. The Next Day. Laddus also started getting distributed brother. Brother, what is this Brother, what is this Brother, what is this brother, packing a plate of biryani, it's a brother, packing a plate of biryani, it's a brother, packing a plate of biryani, it's a woman's affair, Babu Bhaiya, woman's affair, Babu Bhaiya, woman's affair, Babu Bhaiya, hey, he hey, he hey, he even returned the money, even returned the money, even returned the money, look, I had gone to buy biryani worth Rs. 50 and look, I had gone to buy biryani worth Rs. 50 and look, I had gone to buy biryani worth Rs. 50 and I had given him a note of Rs. 50, but I had given him a note of Rs. 50, but I had given him a note of Rs. 50, but he returned me Rs. 150, he thought he returned me Rs. 150, he thought he returned me Rs. 150, he thought I had given him a note of Rs. 200, he was such a great I had given him a note of Rs. 200, he was such a great I had given him a note of Rs. 200, he was such a great shopkeeper, friend, shopkeeper, friend, shopkeeper, friend, you are a beggar, the poor guy is doing you are a beggar, the poor guy is doing you are a beggar, the poor guy is doing business on the roadside.  You are business on the roadside.  You are business on the roadside.  You are wasting his money.  Aren't you ashamed?  How wasting his money.  Aren't you ashamed?  How wasting his money.  Aren't you ashamed?  How mean you are, friend. mean you are, friend. mean you are, friend. Hey, leave it.  Which one is ours and if we let it be, Hey, leave it.  Which one is ours and if we let it be, Hey, leave it.  Which one is ours and if we let it be, it is for our own benefit. it is for our own benefit. it is for our own benefit. Hey, we are respectable people.  These things do Hey, we are respectable people.  These things do Hey, we are respectable people.  These things do not suit us.  Come on, let's return the money. not suit us.  Come on, let's return the money. not suit us.  Come on, let's return the money. What is brother doing?  Please come on. What is brother doing?  Please come on. What is brother doing?  Please come on. Brother, you made a mistake. Brother, you made a mistake. Brother, you made a mistake. Hey, let's share it among ourselves.  Walking. Hey, let's share it among ourselves.  Walking. Hey, let's share it among ourselves.  Walking. You shut up.  He gave you ₹500.  You have You shut up.  He gave you ₹500.  You have You shut up.  He gave you ₹500.  You have returned 150.  Who will pay the rest of the money? returned 150.  Who will pay the rest of the money? returned 150.  Who will pay the rest of the money? Sorry brother, sorry. Sorry brother, sorry. Sorry brother, sorry. Sorry, sack won't do?  It's my hard-earned money [laughs]. Sorry, sack won't do?  It's my hard-earned money [laughs]. Here you go brother. Here you go brother. Here you go brother. How much is this? How much is this? How much is this? 450. 450. 450. Brother.  You didn't apply it, did you?   The Brother.  You didn't apply it, did you?   The Brother.  You didn't apply it, did you?   The market route was closed.  Overacting market route was closed.  Overacting market route was closed.  Overacting means you have to go. means you have to go. means you have to go. Brother, please donate for the Sawan Bhandara. Brother, please donate for the Sawan Bhandara. Brother, please donate for the Sawan Bhandara. Wait, be patient. Sorry brother. Sorry brother. Sorry brother. But one second. But one second. But one second. Mother Shera. Mother Shera. Mother Shera. Hey, a sandal seller came to the neighborhood. Hey, a sandal seller came to the neighborhood. Hey, a sandal seller came to the neighborhood. Look and tell me how much it will cost? Look and tell me how much it will cost? Look and tell me how much it will cost? Good. Good. Good. Or it will be ₹50 to ₹100. Or it will be ₹50 to ₹100. Or it will be ₹50 to ₹100. You tell me how much it costs after seeing it?   It will be worth You tell me how much it costs after seeing it?   It will be worth You tell me how much it costs after seeing it?   It will be worth ₹700-₹800.   It ₹700-₹800.   It ₹700-₹800.   It looks like ₹700-₹800, right?  Brought it for ₹100. looks like ₹700-₹800, right?  Brought it for ₹100. looks like ₹700-₹800, right?  Brought it for ₹100. [laughter] Get out of here. I am going to work myself.  Here. What are you looking at?  One more floor will be built above this. What are you looking at?  One more floor will be built above this. What are you looking at?  One more floor will be built above this. Hey Bhabhi ji, your husband is cheating on you. Hey Bhabhi ji, your husband is cheating on you. Hey Bhabhi ji, your husband is cheating on you. Talks to some other girl on call. Talks to some other girl on call. Hey, have you gone mad?  My husband Hey, have you gone mad?  My husband Hey, have you gone mad?  My husband loves me very much.  He can never betray me. loves me very much.  He can never betray me. If you don't believe it, just call and If you don't believe it, just call and If you don't believe it, just call and see.  Biji will tell his number. see.  Biji will tell his number. see.  Biji will tell his number. Ok.  I will call and see right now.  Now Ok.  I will call and see right now.  Now Ok.  I will call and see right now.  Now milk will be milk and water will be water. milk will be milk and water will be water. milk will be milk and water will be water. Hey, move your hands quickly, I will not give you the money. Hey, move your hands quickly, I will not give you the money. Hey, move your hands quickly, I will not give you the money. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi.  What are you doing? Hi.  What are you doing? Hi.  What are you doing? Hey, I have come to work. Hey, I have come to work. Hey, I have come to work. Where is Riya busy, tell me her number?   I will Where is Riya busy, tell me her number?   I will Where is Riya busy, tell me her number?   I will show you right now with my phone. show you right now with my phone. show you right now with my phone. And wait for now.  Look at this.   The And wait for now.  Look at this.   The And wait for now.  Look at this.   The number you have dialed number you have dialed number you have dialed is currently busy. is currently busy. is currently busy. Which other girl are you talking to? Which other girl are you talking to? Which other girl are you talking to? Tell me now. Tell me now. Tell me now. Hey crazy, I am talking to you only. Hey crazy, I am talking to you only. Hey crazy, I am talking to you only. If you are not talking to any other girl If you are not talking to any other girl If you are not talking to any other girl then why is your number showing busy? then why is your number showing busy? then why is your number showing busy? Hey, have you gone mad?  Your call is going on Hey, have you gone mad?  Your call is going on Hey, have you gone mad?  Your call is going on so it will show busy.   Don't so it will show busy.   Don't so it will show busy.   Don't make me mad.  I am very educated. make me mad.  I am very educated. make me mad.  I am very educated. tell truth. tell truth. tell truth. What?  What should I do with it? What?  What should I do with it? What?  What should I do with it? You should come home.  I will break your bones. You should come home.  I will break your bones. You should come home.  I will break your bones. Hey, where did you get this idiot from?  The Hey, where did you get this idiot from?  The Hey, where did you get this idiot from?  The thinking of wearing modern clothes is still like that of a village girl. thinking of wearing modern clothes is still like that of a village girl. thinking of wearing modern clothes is still like that of a village girl. Babuji, we both got married. Babuji, we both got married. Babuji, we both got married. Son, weren't you ashamed of marrying her? Son, weren't you ashamed of marrying her? Son, weren't you ashamed of marrying her? Babuji, why should I feel ashamed? Babuji, why should I feel ashamed? Babuji, why should I feel ashamed? Hey bastard, I am talking to this girl. My country, my nation, this is my homeland. My country, my nation, this is my homeland. My country, my nation, this is my homeland. Brother, give me a tricolor flag. Brother, give me a tricolor flag. Brother, give me a tricolor flag. Yellow.  How much is it? Yellow.  How much is it? Yellow.  How much is it? 50 is too much, man.  Today is 15th August. 50 is too much, man.  Today is 15th August. 50 is too much, man.  Today is 15th August. Do something less. Do something less. Do something less. Come on, I will give this to you for free. Come on, I will give this to you for free. Come on, I will give this to you for free. But tell me one thing, who wrote Jana Gana Mana But tell me one thing, who wrote Jana Gana Mana But tell me one thing, who wrote Jana Gana Mana ? ? ? Take this for ₹50.  [laughter] Yes, brother.  How much is it? Yes, brother.  How much is it? Yes, brother.  How much is it? You have got ₹10, brother. You have got ₹10, brother. You have got ₹10, brother. Yes.  Yellow. Yes.  Yellow. Yes.  Yellow. Hey friend, I don't have ₹10 change. Hey friend, I don't have ₹10 change. Hey friend, I don't have ₹10 change. You do one thing.  Eat another ₹10.  Okay, You do one thing.  Eat another ₹10.  Okay, You do one thing.  Eat another ₹10.  Okay, bring it and feed it to me.  Here you go [music] brother. Okay brother, Okay brother, Okay brother, yes, yes, yes, but wait a second, but wait a second, but wait a second, oh brother, you cheat [Laughter] you bastard [Laughter] Dude, she's a very beautiful girl.  We will have to talk to him. Dude, she's a very beautiful girl.  We will have to talk to him. Go and Go and Go and excuse me.   Yes.   If excuse me.   Yes.   If excuse me.   Yes.   If you don't mind, can you don't mind, can you don't mind, can I help you lift it?   Please do it. I help you lift it?   Please do it. Ok. What happened?  I am not getting up. What happened?  I am not getting up. What happened?  I am not getting up. Yes, he is getting up, he is getting up. Yes. Yes. Yes. By the way, where do you live?   Right By the way, where do you live?   Right By the way, where do you live?   Right here behind.   It's a here behind.   It's a here behind.   It's a good good good time.  Let me ask.  By the way, do you have a time.  Let me ask.  By the way, do you have a time.  Let me ask.  By the way, do you have a boyfriend?   It was there, boyfriend?   It was there, boyfriend?   It was there, now it is not there. now it is not there. now it is not there. Wow, what a smile.   I will be the one to Wow, what a smile.   I will be the one to Wow, what a smile.   I will be the one to woo her. woo her. woo her. By the way, what is there in this box that weighs so much By the way, what is there in this box that weighs so much By the way, what is there in this box that weighs so much ? ? ? My boyfriend is in this. Brother, give me three crisps and four chips. Brother, give me three crisps and four chips. Brother, give me three crisps and four chips. Okay, wait. Okay, wait. Okay, wait. Four chips?  Three crisps. Four chips?  Three crisps. Four chips?  Three crisps. Give me four packets of gems. Give me four packets of gems. Give me four gems and four center prices also. Give me four gems and four center prices also. Give me four gems and four center prices also. Four center prices. Four center prices. Four center prices. How much money is it brother? How much money is it brother? How much money is it brother? 60 + 8 makes your ₹68. 60 + 8 makes your ₹68. 60 + 8 makes your ₹68. How much is 68 ₹68? How much is 68 ₹68? How much is 68 ₹68? Eight. Eight. Eight. I don't know either.  Wait, let me do something. I don't know either.  Wait, let me do something. I don't know either.  Wait, let me do something. Brother, I will give you only ₹500. Brother, I will give you only ₹500. Brother, I will give you only ₹500. Oh okay, give it to me.  Come and give me ₹500. Oh okay, give it to me.  Come and give me ₹500. Oh okay, give it to me.  Come and give me ₹500. Yes, I will not give even ₹1 more than this. Yes, I will not give even ₹1 more than this. Yes, I will not give even ₹1 more than this. But madam, I will not give you so much But madam, I will not give you so much But madam, I will not give you so much money in future.  I am giving it to you this time only. money in future.  I am giving it to you this time only. money in future.  I am giving it to you this time only. Chala [laughs] Thank you brother. Thank you brother. Thank you brother. Oh, thank you madam.  If such customers Oh, thank you madam.  If such customers Oh, thank you madam.  If such customers come every day, I will become rich in two days. come every day, I will become rich in two days. come every day, I will become rich in two days. Hey brother, please give me the five rupee Maggi. Hey brother, please give me the five rupee Maggi. Hey brother, please give me the five rupee Maggi. Hey Bhabhi ji, you here? Hey Bhabhi ji, you here? Hey Bhabhi ji, you here? Hey brother, what's the matter, he has been transferred here, Hey brother, what's the matter, he has been transferred here, Hey brother, what's the matter, he has been transferred here, right?  So I have to stay here for now. right?  So I have to stay here for now. right?  So I have to stay here for now. Oh wow, that's great.  What do you have to give?   The one with Oh wow, that's great.  What do you have to give?   The one with Oh wow, that's great.  What do you have to give?   The one with five is the same.  Yellow.   Take five is the same.  Yellow.   Take five is the same.  Yellow.   Take this money brother. this money brother. this money brother. Oh, leave it.  So this money is my own Oh, leave it.  So this money is my own Oh, leave it.  So this money is my own shop.   Okay, then shop.   Okay, then shop.   Okay, then give me the bigger one. Yellow. Yellow. Yellow. Ok.  So I will also give you an oil bottle. Then the same thing comes up, the poor man. Then the same thing comes up, the poor man. Then the same thing comes up, the poor man. You're poor because of your habits [laughs]. [laughter] Are you crazy, you've parked your car in the driveway you crazy, you've parked your car in the driveway you crazy, you've parked your car in the driveway ? ? ? But madam, we are inside the car. But madam, we are inside the car. But madam, we are inside the car. Quiet, absolutely quiet.  Because of you boys, we Quiet, absolutely quiet.  Because of you boys, we Quiet, absolutely quiet.  Because of you boys, we girls get a bad name that we do girls get a bad name that we do girls get a bad name that we do n't know how to drive. This is also my mistake. O brother, kill me, kill me, kill me. O brother, kill me, kill me, kill me. O brother, kill me, kill me, kill me. Women: Women: Women: Wow brother, you brought the car today.  how how?  Hey, it's Wow brother, you brought the car today.  how how?  Hey, it's Wow brother, you brought the car today.  how how?  Hey, it's not like that brother.  Papa had gone away with my bike, so today I had to bring the not like that brother.  Papa had gone away with my bike, so today I had to bring the not like that brother.  Papa had gone away with my bike, so today I had to bring the car. car. car. Well, this doesn't cause sunburn, right?  Yes, it is cool.   It started to Well, this doesn't cause sunburn, right?  Yes, it is cool.   It started to Well, this doesn't cause sunburn, right?  Yes, it is cool.   It started to become a habit [music]. become a habit [music]. become a habit [music]. Hey, when did you post the story? Hey, when did you post the story? Hey, when did you post the story? Brother, just drive it like this in summer.   Same Brother, just drive it like this in summer.   Same Brother, just drive it like this in summer.   Same thing again.  Brother, you become poor.  Bring it thing again.  Brother, you become poor.  Bring it thing again.  Brother, you become poor.  Bring it brother, give it to me. brother, give it to me. brother, give it to me. Friend, I don't have any money. Friend, I don't have any money. Friend, I don't have any money. Stop the car, stop.  Stop the car.  Don't have money? Stop the car, stop.  Stop the car.  Don't have money? Stop the car, stop.  Stop the car.  Don't have money? No, brother.   Come down.  Get down. No, brother.   Come down.  Get down. Hey bastard, do you ever have money in your pocket or Hey bastard, do you ever have money in your pocket or Hey bastard, do you ever have money in your pocket or not?  Will you roam around for free?  Get not?  Will you roam around for free?  Get not?  Will you roam around for free?  Get out of here.  Get out.  Come on brother, you out of here.  Get out.  Come on brother, you out of here.  Get out.  Come on brother, you drive the car.   I do drive the car.   I do drive the car.   I do n't know how to drive, friend.   Hey, n't know how to drive, friend.   Hey, n't know how to drive, friend.   Hey, you go. you go. you go. Brother, I also don't know how to drive. Hey brother, you should have told me, if you do Hey brother, you should have told me, if you do Hey brother, you should have told me, if you do n't have money then tell me in advance, I will make arrangements, n't have money then tell me in advance, I will make arrangements, n't have money then tell me in advance, I will make arrangements, I also have not brought the money and if you I also have not brought the money and if you I also have not brought the money and if you do this then how will things work out do this then how will things work out do this then how will things work out [laughs] it is good that Dheeraj went to school today, otherwise he would have good that Dheeraj went to school today, otherwise he would have good that Dheeraj went to school today, otherwise he would have insulted me even today, he would have insulted me even today, he would have insulted me a insulted me even today, he would have insulted me even today, he would have insulted me a insulted me even today, he would have insulted me even today, he would have insulted me a lot in the restaurant, I lot in the restaurant, I know that you will come to the restaurant, that is why I have run away know that you will come to the restaurant, that is why I have run away know that you will come to the restaurant, that is why I have run away from school again and again, come from school again and again, come from school again and again, come what will you eat sir? what will you eat sir? what will you eat sir? Sir, what will you feed me today?  She will come home.  Asking Sir, what will you feed me today?  She will come home.  Asking Sir, what will you feed me today?  She will come home.  Asking what will you feed me?  [laughter] Sir, please bring four plates of what will you feed me?  [laughter] Sir, please bring four plates of what will you feed me?  [laughter] Sir, please bring four plates of Paneer Maggi. Paneer Maggi. Paneer Maggi. OK sir.  Here you go sir, your Paneer Maggi. OK sir.  Here you go sir, your Paneer Maggi. OK sir.  Here you go sir, your Paneer Maggi. Sir, please take this water. Sir, please take this water. Sir, please take this water. Sir, let me have some water.  I keep water in my school bag. Sir, let me have some water.  I keep water in my school bag. Sir, let me have some water.  I keep water in my school bag. Here you go, Sir Bill.  Here you go, sir.  Sir, Here you go, Sir Bill.  Here you go, sir.  Sir, Here you go, Sir Bill.  Here you go, sir.  Sir, take this sir. take this sir. take this sir. Good. Good. Good. Whose card should he take?  There are so many cards. Which card is this?  G Which card is this?  G Which card is this?  G National Insurance Scheme. National Insurance Scheme. National Insurance Scheme. Your card Your card Your card brother, brother, brother, this is fine.   I have gas in my stomach. [laughter] You [laughter] You [laughter] You come to eat in the restaurant, this person come to eat in the restaurant, this person come to eat in the restaurant, this person lying in the shop right now, do you know who he is, lying in the shop right now, do you know who he is, lying in the shop right now, do you know who he is, who is a who is a who is a millionaire, a millionaire, a millionaire, a millionaire, a millionaire, a millionaire, a millionaire [laughter] A millionaire [laughter] A millionaire [laughter] A millionaire is trapped in your net, millionaire is trapped in your net, millionaire is trapped in your net, hey, only millionaires get trapped, do hey, only millionaires get trapped, do hey, only millionaires get trapped, do n't you believe it n't you believe it n't you believe it Today is 15th August, Today is 15th August, Today is 15th August, whoever wants to eat jalebi, come to school, whoever wants to eat jalebi, come to school, whoever wants to eat jalebi, come to school, jalebi Hey, you will enjoy it, Hey, you will enjoy it, Hey, you will enjoy it, but give me one second but give me one second but give me one second sir, give me jalebi too, sir, give me jalebi too, sir, give me jalebi too, jalebi, jalebi is over, jalebi, jalebi is over, jalebi, jalebi is over, no joke, no seriously, no no joke, no seriously, no no joke, no seriously, no joke, make our life hell, joke, make our life hell, joke, make our life hell, for whom did you leave all this for whom did you leave all this for whom did you leave all this Come on Bhabhi, I am leaving, then Come on Bhabhi, I am leaving, then Come on Bhabhi, I am leaving, then what, didi, didi, I have come for only two days.   Wait at what, didi, didi, I have come for only two days.   Wait at what, didi, didi, I have come for only two days.   Wait at least for a month. least for a month. least for a month. Hey, what should I do Bhabhi, I also feel like Hey, what should I do Bhabhi, I also feel like Hey, what should I do Bhabhi, I also feel like staying for a month but I can't wait. staying for a month but I can't wait. Sister, are you sure you want to stay for a month Sister, are you sure you want to stay for a month Sister, are you sure you want to stay for a month ? ? ? Yes, yes, I really feel like Yes, yes, I really feel like Yes, yes, I really feel like staying there for a month.  Sister, you have to stay for a staying there for a month.  Sister, you have to stay for a staying there for a month.  Sister, you have to stay for a month. month. month. Yes, yes, why not. Yes, yes, why not. Yes, yes, why not. Sister, I am asking for the last time.  You definitely have to wait for Sister, I am asking for the last time.  You definitely have to wait for Sister, I am asking for the last time.  You definitely have to wait for a month. a month. a month. Oh yes, yes, absolutely.  Well then. Look sister, brother has made Look sister, brother has made Look sister, brother has made arrangements for us to stay for a month. arrangements for us to stay for a month. arrangements for us to stay for a month. Yes.  We will gossip a lot, right? Oh brother, Oh brother, Oh brother, yes tell me, will you get yes tell me, will you get yes tell me, will you get Balushahi? Balushahi? Balushahi? Yes, you will get it. Tell me how much should I give you, Yes, you will get it. Tell me how much should I give you, Yes, you will get it. Tell me how much should I give you, but brother, I don't have money. but brother, I don't have money. but brother, I don't have money. Okay brother, no problem, take this. Okay brother, no problem, take this. Hey brother, I was just checking whether Hey brother, I was just checking whether Hey brother, I was just checking whether humanity is still alive in the world [music] or not. humanity is still alive in the world [music] or not. humanity is still alive in the world [music] or not. I have money, take this. I have money, take this. I have money, take this. Okay, Okay, Okay, hey brother, give that sand here. hey brother, give that sand here. hey brother, give that sand here. Hey brother, but why? Hey brother, but why? Hey brother, but why? Hey brother, at least give it to me. Hey brother, at least give it to me. Hey brother, at least give it to me. Hey, such a different fraud is going on.  Here you go Hey, such a different fraud is going on.  Here you go Hey, such a different fraud is going on.  Here you go brother. brother. brother. Hey brother, please give me that Balushahi. Hey brother, please give me that Balushahi. Hey brother, please give me that Balushahi. Why did you give this one? Why did you give this one? Why did you give this one? Hey brother, that Balushahi is 10 days old. Hey brother, that Balushahi is 10 days old. Hey brother, that Balushahi is 10 days old. Break the bastard's skull.  Break his skull. Break the bastard's skull.  Break his skull. Break the bastard's skull.  Break his skull. Put it in your penis like this.  Hey brother, are Put it in your penis like this.  Hey brother, are Put it in your penis like this.  Hey brother, are you done? you done? you done? We will take it.   Please We will take it.   Please We will take it.   Please parcel it. parcel it. parcel it. Yes brother, yes yes, oh my god, such a beautiful saree.  Who is it for god, such a beautiful saree.  Who is it for god, such a beautiful saree.  Who is it for ? ? ? For whom?  They were brought to you.   I am For whom?  They were brought to you.   I am For whom?  They were brought to you.   I am not doing any drama like Raj.   Don't not doing any drama like Raj.   Don't not doing any drama like Raj.   Don't think like brother.  Okay, right?  You didn't think like brother.  Okay, right?  You didn't think like brother.  Okay, right?  You didn't bring a saree for even one person.  I will bring four more sarees now.   Oh my God, bring a saree for even one person.  I will bring four more sarees now.   Oh my God, bring a saree for even one person.  I will bring four more sarees now.   Oh my God, you don't earn. you don't earn. you don't earn. Where are you getting so much money from?  Brother, Where are you getting so much money from?  Brother, Where are you getting so much money from?  Brother, hey mom, I have sold your silver bulls. hey mom, I have sold your silver bulls. hey mom, I have sold your silver bulls. Here's your stuff, sister.  How much money is it, Here's your stuff, sister.  How much money is it, Here's your stuff, sister.  How much money is it, sister?  ₹69. sister?  ₹69. sister?  ₹69. 69?  What is this?  What did 69?  What is this?  What did 69?  What is this?  What did sister ask? sister ask? sister ask? Hello Google.  What is 69 called in English Hello Google.  What is 69 called in English Hello Google.  What is 69 called in English ? ? ? Wow, sister.  It will go well, take this Wow, sister.  It will go well, take this Wow, sister.  It will go well, take this sister, how much is your 69 69? sister, how much is your 69 69? sister, how much is your 69 69? What did he ask me? What did he ask me? What did he ask me? Hello Google, what is 69 called in Hindi Hello Google, what is 69 called in Hindi Hello Google, what is 69 called in Hindi ? Okay sister. Okay sister. Okay sister. What a stupid daughter-in-law he has brought. What a stupid daughter-in-law he has brought. What a stupid daughter-in-law he has brought. Yes, I am a fool, Mom. Yes, I am a fool, Mom. Yes, I am a fool, Mom. Even left my home.  Changed the name also.  He Even left my home.  Changed the name also.  He Even left my home.  Changed the name also.  He bore the expenses of the marriage and also gave dowry.   I am bore the expenses of the marriage and also gave dowry.   I am bore the expenses of the marriage and also gave dowry.   I am also hearing abuses in my in-laws' house.   I am also hearing abuses in my in-laws' house.   I am also hearing abuses in my in-laws' house.   I am also serving my in-laws.  I am doing all the household also serving my in-laws.  I am doing all the household also serving my in-laws.  I am doing all the household work and if I have to go somewhere, I am asking. work and if I have to go somewhere, I am asking. work and if I have to go somewhere, I am asking. I am very stupid and do you I am very stupid and do you I am very stupid and do you know who made it?  Your son.   I have started know who made it?  Your son.   I have started know who made it?  Your son.   I have started irritating everyone so much. irritating everyone so much. irritating everyone so much. Brother, can I get samosa? Brother, can I get samosa? Brother, can I get samosa? Yes brother, you will get it. Yes brother, you will get it. Yes brother, you will get it. But brother, there is a problem. But brother, there is a problem. But brother, there is a problem. What's the problem?  I don't have money. What's the problem?  I don't have money. What's the problem?  I don't have money. Okay, no Okay, no Okay, no problem, you can eat this. problem, you can eat this. problem, you can eat this. But brother, I have money.  I was just trying to But brother, I have money.  I was just trying to But brother, I have money.  I was just trying to see if there is humanity in this world or see if there is humanity in this world or see if there is humanity in this world or not.  Here, take your money. not.  Here, take your money. not.  Here, take your money. Okay, do one thing, return the samosas. Okay, do one thing, return the samosas. Okay, do one thing, return the samosas. Why? Why? Why? Hey, give it to me. Hey, give it to me. Hey, give it to me. Take this. Yellow. Yellow. Yellow. Hey brother, give me that one.  Why did you Hey brother, give me that one.  Why did you Hey brother, give me that one.  Why did you give this one? give this one? give this one? It was a week old.  [laughter] It was a week old.  [laughter] It was a week old.  [laughter] A week old. A week old. A week old. Hey son, where did you go all night? Hey son, where did you go all night? Hey son, where did you go all night? Hey, Papa was at Chhotu's house, he was there at night. Hey, Papa was at Chhotu's house, he was there at night. Hey, Papa was at Chhotu's house, he was there at night. The Next Day. The Next Day. The Next Day. Hey son, it's so late and you have Hey son, it's so late and you have Hey son, it's so late and you have n't come home yet. n't come home yet. n't come home yet. Hey dad, we were doing some group study at Chhotu's house. Hey dad, we were doing some group study at Chhotu's house. We will come in the morning.   The We will come in the morning.   The We will come in the morning.   The bastard says every day that he is at Chhotu's place.   It is at bastard says every day that he is at Chhotu's place.   It is at bastard says every day that he is at Chhotu's place.   It is at Chhotu's place.  He is not hiding anything from Chhotu's place.  He is not hiding anything from Chhotu's place.  He is not hiding anything from us, is he? us, is he? us, is he? The Next Day. The Next Day. The Next Day. Babu, you are saying the right thing.  No.  Hey Babu, you are saying the right thing.  No.  Hey Babu, you are saying the right thing.  No.  Hey son, where were you last night? son, where were you last night? son, where were you last night? You will make a group call to Chhotu at his house. You will make a group call to Chhotu at his house. You will make a group call to Chhotu at his house. Brother, Brother, Brother, yes, little brother. yes, little brother. yes, little brother. Hey Rocky Bhai, we were about to call you.  Please Hey Rocky Bhai, we were about to call you.  Please Hey Rocky Bhai, we were about to call you.  Please tell my father that I was tell my father that I was studying with you at your house at night. studying with you at your house at night. studying with you at your house at night. Oh brother, betrayal.   Take this water brother-in-law. this water brother-in-law. this water brother-in-law. Hey sister-in-law, we have come to our in-laws' house for the first time and Hey sister-in-law, we have come to our in-laws' house for the first time and Hey sister-in-law, we have come to our in-laws' house for the first time and you will give us water in a glass?  Good? you will give us water in a glass?  Good? you will give us water in a glass?  Good? Yes. Yes. Yes. Wait, let me bring it.   Bring it.   Wait a minute. Wait, let me bring it.   Bring it.   Wait a minute. Our sister-in-law is very nice. Our sister-in-law is very nice. Our sister-in-law is very nice. say anything. say anything. say anything. Hey, it will be fun. Hey, it will be fun. Hey, it will be fun. Wait a minute.  Be patient.   It Wait a minute.  Be patient.   It Wait a minute.  Be patient.   It 's okay now brother-in-law. 's okay now brother-in-law. 's okay now brother-in-law. This is it, sister-in-law.  Bring it. This is it, sister-in-law.  Bring it. This is it, sister-in-law.  Bring it. Hey Lalli, where is this toilet bag? Hey Lalli, where is this toilet bag? Hey Lalli, where is this toilet bag? Madam, give me one.  Bread. Brother, Brother, Brother, yes yes yes I bought a bridge for ₹80 and it returned me ₹90. I bought a bridge for ₹80 and it returned me ₹90. I bought a bridge for ₹80 and it returned me ₹90. Hey, aren't you ashamed?  You took some poor man's Hey, aren't you ashamed?  You took some poor man's Hey, aren't you ashamed?  You took some poor man's money like this.  Hey poor girl, she money like this.  Hey poor girl, she money like this.  Hey poor girl, she works hard all day and then earns some money works hard all day and then earns some money works hard all day and then earns some money and you are being dishonest with her. and you are being dishonest with her. and you are being dishonest with her. You should have returned it at that time itself. You should have returned it at that time itself. You should have returned it at that time itself. Why did you bring it?  Hey, you should have Why did you bring it?  Hey, you should have Why did you bring it?  Hey, you should have thought a little.  I got into the habit of eating haram food.  Hey, this thought a little.  I got into the habit of eating haram food.  Hey, this thought a little.  I got into the habit of eating haram food.  Hey, this is haram.  Haram.  We do not eat haram things. is haram.  Haram.  We do not eat haram things. is haram.  Haram.  We do not eat haram things. Let's go and return the money. Let's go and return the money. Let's go and return the money. Yes brother, you are right.  Let's go and bring it.   Come on, Yes brother, you are right.  Let's go and bring it.   Come on, Yes brother, you are right.  Let's go and bring it.   Come on, madam. madam. madam. Yes. Yes. Yes. Do you keep using your mobile all day long?  Are Do you keep using your mobile all day long?  Are Do you keep using your mobile all day long?  Are you not paying attention to your work?   Yes you not paying attention to your work?   Yes you not paying attention to your work?   Yes ?  This child gave you a ₹500 note. ?  This child gave you a ₹500 note. ?  This child gave you a ₹500 note. 500? 500? 500? And you are giving him back ₹90.   Aren't you And you are giving him back ₹90.   Aren't you And you are giving him back ₹90.   Aren't you ashamed?  [laughter] Hey, why are you ashamed?  [laughter] Hey, why are you ashamed?  [laughter] Hey, why are you sitting with the shop open?  Buy a gun and sitting with the shop open?  Buy a gun and sitting with the shop open?  Buy a gun and shoot the customer and snatch the money.  [laughter] shoot the customer and snatch the money.  [laughter] shoot the customer and snatch the money.  [laughter] Sir, why are you being so hyper?  I will give you Rs 200 for Rs 90. Sir, why are you being so hyper?  I will give you Rs 200 for Rs 90. Here, take your money.   Be Here, take your money.   Be Here, take your money.   Be careful next time.  Don't do this careful next time.  Don't do this careful next time.  Don't do this with children.   Okay with children.   Okay with children.   Okay okay.  Sorry sir.  Sir, don't shout. okay.  Sorry sir.  Sir, don't shout. okay.  Sorry sir.  Sir, don't shout. No problem. Where are you?  Hey, someone died in the village. Where are you?  Hey, someone died in the village. Where are you?  Hey, someone died in the village. Now I will eat the whole vegetable with great force. Now I will eat the whole vegetable with great force. Now I will eat the whole vegetable with great force. I will eat Puri and Bundi after pressing it.  Have I will eat Puri and Bundi after pressing it.  Have I will eat Puri and Bundi after pressing it.  Have n't met him for a long time. n't met him for a long time. n't met him for a long time. Brother, your father is no more. Brother, your father is no more. Brother, your father is no more. Give me ₹15, son, you haven't eaten anything for two days, Give me ₹15, son, you haven't eaten anything for two days, Give me ₹15, son, you haven't eaten anything for two days, Baba is not with me, go ahead, Baba is not with me, go ahead, Baba is not with me, go ahead, give it to me, son, God has given you a good give it to me, son, God has given you a good give it to me, son, God has given you a good husband, your husband, your husband, your husband ran away with his Laila and husband ran away with his Laila and husband ran away with his Laila and left me, left me, left me, give it to me, son, by the grace of God, your give it to me, son, by the grace of God, your give it to me, son, by the grace of God, your business is running well, the business is running well, the business is running well, the whole family is in debt, Baba, oh my god, whole family is in debt, Baba, oh my god, give it to me, son, your father is happy, give it to me, son, your father is happy, give it to me, son, your father is happy, father is in jail, Baba, father is in jail, Baba, father is in jail, Baba, give it to me, son, your younger sister is there give it to me, son, your younger sister is there give it to me, son, your younger sister is there herself.   It is my herself.   It is my herself.   It is my younger sister who has run away with my husband, younger sister who has run away with my husband, younger sister who has run away with my husband, Baba. Hey grandfather, Hey grandfather, Hey grandfather, I don't understand one thing.  If I don't understand one thing.  If I don't understand one thing.  If using mobile phones is not allowed at petrol pumps, then using mobile phones is not allowed at petrol pumps, then using mobile phones is not allowed at petrol pumps, then why is the facility of online payment provided? why is the facility of online payment provided? Why did you love her when you knew she would betray you? Today's pack is in the name of the country's independence. Ali, Ali, Ali, your Pakistan is long live, we have your Pakistan is long live, we have your Pakistan is long live, we have no objection to this, but our Hindustan no objection to this, but our Hindustan no objection to this, but our Hindustan was long live, is long live and will remain long live. was long live, is long live and will remain long live. was long live, is long live and will remain long live. Hindustan is long live, shut up, sell the free bungalow.   It will be shut up, sell the free bungalow.   It will be shut up, sell the free bungalow.   It will be sold.  By the way, what is the rate? sold.  By the way, what is the rate? sold.  By the way, what is the rate? ₹ Crore. ₹ Crore. ₹ Crore. ₹ Crore.  ₹ crore is too much.  Do one work and get it done ₹ Crore.  ₹ crore is too much.  Do one work and get it done ₹ Crore.  ₹ crore is too much.  Do one work and get it done for one crore. for one crore. for one crore. No, one crore is very less.  Do one thing, neither No, one crore is very less.  Do one thing, neither No, one crore is very less.  Do one thing, neither yours nor mine, get it done for ₹1.5 crore.   That's yours nor mine, get it done for ₹1.5 crore.   That's yours nor mine, get it done for ₹1.5 crore.   That's ok. ok. ok. Hello Czech. Hello Czech. Hello Czech. Sign on equals right? Sign on equals right? Sign on equals right? Yes sign on is equal to.  He is fine. Yes sign on is equal to.  He is fine. Yes sign on is equal to.  He is fine. But in whose name should this bungalow be registered?   Oh, But in whose name should this bungalow be registered?   Oh, But in whose name should this bungalow be registered?   Oh, he'll keep coming.  Look, he has come. he'll keep coming.  Look, he has come. he'll keep coming.  Look, he has come. Which bungalow is it? Which bungalow is it? Which bungalow is it? This is the bungalow. This is the bungalow. This is the bungalow. How much is it? How much is it? How much is it? 50 million. 50 million. 50 million. 50 million.  5 crore is too much.  Get it done for Rs 3 crore. 50 million.  5 crore is too much.  Get it done for Rs 3 crore. 50 million.  5 crore is too much.  Get it done for Rs 3 crore. 3 crores will be too less 3 crores will be too less 3 crores will be too less brother.  So neither yours nor mine is final for Rs 3.5 crore.   That's brother.  So neither yours nor mine is final for Rs 3.5 crore.   That's brother.  So neither yours nor mine is final for Rs 3.5 crore.   That's ok. ok. ok. Rahil Bhai, please transfer the bungalow in his name. Rahil Bhai, please transfer the bungalow in his name. Rahil Bhai, please transfer the bungalow in his name. Hey, I have applied lime.   Neither a Hey, I have applied lime.   Neither a Hey, I have applied lime.   Neither a doctor nor an engineer nor in slavery of the government.  There is doctor nor an engineer nor in slavery of the government.  There is doctor nor an engineer nor in slavery of the government.  There is money only money only money only in brokerage.   Wait a minute. in brokerage.   Wait a minute. in brokerage.   Wait a minute. Free clothes for blind girls. Free clothes for blind girls. Free clothes for blind girls. Let me go inside and get the clothes. Let me go inside and get the clothes. Let me go inside and get the clothes. Hey brother, is there anyone in the shop? Hey brother, is there anyone in the shop? Hey brother, is there anyone in the shop? Yes, tell me madam, what should I show you? Yes, tell me madam, what should I show you? Yes, tell me madam, what should I show you? Hey brother, please show me the clothes. Hey brother, please show me the clothes. Hey brother, please show me the clothes. Hey madam, are you blind? Hey madam, are you blind? Hey madam, are you blind? Yes, I am blind. Yes, I am blind. Yes, I am blind. Hey madam, this is the rule of our shop.  We do Hey madam, this is the rule of our shop.  We do Hey madam, this is the rule of our shop.  We do not give free clothes to blind girls. not give free clothes to blind girls. not give free clothes to blind girls. Tell me what should I show you? Tell me what should I show you? Tell me what should I show you? Hey, show me anything.  Which one do I Hey, show me anything.  Which one do I Hey, show me anything.  Which one do I see anyway? see anyway? see anyway? Ok.  I'll tell you one minute. Ok.  I'll tell you one minute. Ok.  I'll tell you one minute. Look at this madam, this will look very good on you. Look at this madam, this will look very good on you. Look at this madam, this will look very good on you. Yes, okay.  I can't see it.  You Yes, okay.  I can't see it.  You Yes, okay.  I can't see it.  You pack it. pack it. pack it. Hey madam, please go to the trial room once and Hey madam, please go to the trial room once and Hey madam, please go to the trial room once and try it.  Sometimes the size becomes smaller or bigger. try it.  Sometimes the size becomes smaller or bigger. Yes friend, let me check the size.  Otherwise what is the point of Yes friend, let me check the size.  Otherwise what is the point of Yes friend, let me check the size.  Otherwise what is the point of free clothes? free clothes? free clothes? Ok.  Okay, drop me to the trial room. Ok.  Okay, drop me to the trial room. Ok.  Okay, drop me to the trial room. Ok, good.  Come. Ok, good.  Come. Ok, good.  Come. Yes. Yes. Yes. And wait for now. And wait for now. And wait for now. Come madam, come.   Here are the Come madam, come.   Here are the Come madam, come.   Here are the clothes madam. Madam, I closed the changing room gate. Madam, I closed the changing room gate. Madam, I closed the changing room gate. You can change comfortably.   The You can change comfortably.   The You can change comfortably.   The bastard made me stand outside the changing room. bastard made me stand outside the changing room. bastard made me stand outside the changing room. Now how do I change my clothes in front of him Now how do I change my clothes in front of him Now how do I change my clothes in front of him ? ? ? Hey Khebari, there are 50 people like you Hey Khebari, there are 50 people like you Hey Khebari, there are 50 people like you in a day.  Understood?  Bring the cloth here.  Come on, go away. in a day.  Understood?  Bring the cloth here.  Come on, go away. in a day.  Understood?  Bring the cloth here.  Come on, go away. Oh, brother. Oh, brother. Oh, brother. Yes. Yes. Yes. What are you eating? What are you eating? What are you eating? Chocolate. Chocolate. Chocolate. Hey, give it to me too. Hey, give it to me too. Hey, give it to me too. Will you eat chocolate? Will you eat chocolate? Will you eat chocolate? Yes. Yes. Yes. First tell Papa, then I will give it to you.   You First tell Papa, then I will give it to you.   You First tell Papa, then I will give it to you.   You bastard, bastard, bastard, tell me papa, tell me papa, tell me papa, I am also making a video, also making a video, also making a video, papa, is papa, is papa, is this some aunty, this some aunty, this some aunty, papa, papa, papa, papa, are papa, are papa, are you married, you married, you married, hi, this is my papa [laughs] hey, he is hi, this is my papa [laughs] hey, he is hi, this is my papa [laughs] hey, he is lying, this bastard who lying, this bastard who asks mummy's name, how can he be my son, asks mummy's name, how can he be my son, asks mummy's name, how can he be my son, hey mummy, papa, hey mummy, papa, hey mummy, papa, hey father [laughs] hey father [laughs] hey father [laughs] show me dreams, ask sir.  Hey, listen. show me dreams, ask sir.  Hey, listen. show me dreams, ask sir.  Hey, listen. Yes.   There is no Yes.   There is no Yes.   There is no milk left at home, go and get some milk from the market.   Ca milk left at home, go and get some milk from the market.   Ca n't you see I am doing household work. n't you see I am doing household work. But milk will have to be brought. But milk will have to be brought. But milk will have to be brought. How many times have I told you to learn to ride a scooter? How many times have I told you to learn to ride a scooter? How many times have I told you to learn to ride a scooter? You can do the housework yourself. You can do the housework yourself. You can do the housework yourself. When my work is being done by using my tongue, then When my work is being done by using my tongue, then When my work is being done by using my tongue, then why should I ride a scooter? why should I ride a scooter? why should I ride a scooter? Give me a four jalebi too. Give me a four jalebi too. Give me a four jalebi too. One second. And brother, please let me eat jalebi too.  One of them has a And brother, please let me eat jalebi too.  One of them has a And brother, please let me eat jalebi too.  One of them has a child in her womb and is carrying him. child in her womb and is carrying him. child in her womb and is carrying him. Okay, brother.  Tell me which month it is. Okay, brother.  Tell me which month it is. Okay, brother.  Tell me which month it is. Hey Vishram Sir, he came from another school to eat laddus at his school. Sir, he came from another school to eat laddus at his school. Sir, should I pick it up when you're done?   I revived it.   Get it Sir, should I pick it up when you're done?   I revived it.   Get it packed. packed. packed. Ok sir. Ok sir. Ok sir. Son, recite poetry. Son, recite poetry. Son, recite poetry. Sir is not coming. Sir is not coming. Sir is not coming. If you don't know poetry then you will have to sing. If you don't know poetry then you will have to sing. If you don't know poetry then you will have to sing. If you don't know poetry then you will have to sing. If you don't know poetry then you will have to sing. If you don't know poetry then you will have to sing. You will have to play the game.  [laughs] You will have to play the game.  [laughs] You will have to play the game.  [laughs] He fooled me by making me recharge. He fooled me by making me recharge. He fooled me by making me recharge. He made a fool of me by making me recharge it. He made a fool of me by making me recharge it. I am Baba Tillu. I am Baba Tillu. I am Baba Tillu. I've eaten enough gutkha, now I'll eat paan. I've eaten enough gutkha, now I'll eat paan. I've eaten enough gutkha, now I'll eat paan. I have eaten enough gutkha, now I will eat paan.   Do I have eaten enough gutkha, now I will eat paan.   Do I have eaten enough gutkha, now I will eat paan.   Do n't do this my love. n't do this my love. n't do this my love. How is the world?  What are these gaps?  Please remove it. How is the world?  What are these gaps?  Please remove it. How is the world?  What are these gaps?  Please remove it. How is the world?  What are these How is the world?  What are these How is the world?  What are these gaps?  Please remove it. gaps?  Please remove it. gaps?  Please remove it. What color underwear are you wearing?  Please tell me. What color underwear are you wearing?  Please tell me. What color underwear are you wearing?  Please tell me. Brother, now look sir, I have a question, sir, I have a question, sir, I have a question, sir, the one who was born on 15th August, was he born sir, the one who was born on 15th August, was he born sir, the one who was born on 15th August, was he born or was he liberated [laughs] guys today's video ends here, guys today's video ends here, guys today's video ends here, tell me in the comments which clip you found the tell me in the comments which clip you found the tell me in the comments which clip you found the funniest, otherwise I had made this video even funniest, otherwise I had made this video even funniest, otherwise I had made this video even longer than before so that I longer than before so that I longer than before so that I could make you guys laugh even more, could make you guys laugh even more, could make you guys laugh even more, so brother, so much hard work has gone into making this video today, so brother, so much hard work has gone into making this video today, so brother, so much hard work has gone into making this video today, brother, you guys brother, you guys brother, you guys cannot even imagine.  Let me show you one cannot even imagine.  Let me show you one cannot even imagine.  Let me show you one thing first.  You will notice.  Only thing first.  You will notice.  Only thing first.  You will notice.  Only after that will you support me.  I will show you.  Let me after that will you support me.  I will show you.  Let me after that will you support me.  I will show you.  Let me remove the 'ph' first.  Look brother, look at this remove the 'ph' first.  Look brother, look at this remove the 'ph' first.  Look brother, look at this FK light, I am shooting here with it out. FK light, I am shooting here with it out. FK light, I am shooting here with it out. And I am sitting right here.  Look brother, there are And I am sitting right here.  Look brother, there are And I am sitting right here.  Look brother, there are two stands installed here.  The mirror two stands installed here.  The mirror two stands installed here.  The mirror [sound of clearing throat] is on.  And I [sound of clearing throat] is on.  And I [sound of clearing throat] is on.  And I sit here and shoot videos.  Just look. sit here and shoot videos.  Just look. sit here and shoot videos.  Just look. You people might be thinking that I have a lot of stuff.  There You people might be thinking that I have a lot of stuff.  There You people might be thinking that I have a lot of stuff.  There is a lot of money etc.  So is a lot of money etc.  So is a lot of money etc.  So brother, there is nothing like that.  It takes a lot of hard work. brother, there is nothing like that.  It takes a lot of hard work. brother, there is nothing like that.  It takes a lot of hard work. Look how hot it is now.  So friend, if you liked the Look how hot it is now.  So friend, if you liked the Look how hot it is now.  So friend, if you liked the video then please like it. video then please like it. video then please like it. Subscribe and support the channel.   The Subscribe and support the channel.   The Subscribe and support the channel.   The rest is the same setup.  If you need to buy stuff, rest is the same setup.  If you need to buy stuff, rest is the same setup.  If you need to buy stuff, I have tagged you.  Buy it.