Hi friends, today I ordered it from Mur.   It had been Hi friends, today I ordered it from Mur.   It had been Hi friends, today I ordered it from Mur.   It had been about a week.  So it has just arrived. about a week.  So it has just arrived. about a week.  So it has just arrived. So I even forgot what I had So I even forgot what I had So I even forgot what I had ordered.  So I am unboxing this ordered.  So I am unboxing this ordered.  So I am unboxing this friends.  So look what I have ordered.   I am friends.  So look what I have ordered.   I am friends.  So look what I have ordered.   I am opening it in front of you.  I have forgotten. opening it in front of you.  I have forgotten. opening it in front of you.  I have forgotten. What did I order? What did I order? What did I order? So look, there is embroidery done in it.  She is still small.  It is So look, there is embroidery done in it.  She is still small.  It is So look, there is embroidery done in it.  She is still small.  It is not very big.  I not very big.  I not very big.  I can tell you what I can tell you what I can tell you what I ordered after I open it.  So Micho's cheese is not that bad. Micho's cheese is not that bad. Micho's cheese is not that bad. I order all the fancy things from Msho only.   So I order all the fancy things from Msho only.   So I order all the fancy things from Msho only.   So I drank it myself.  It had been a week since I drank it myself.  It had been a week since I drank it myself.  It had been a week since I had ordered it. I had ordered it. I had ordered it. So stay tuned to the video. So stay tuned to the video. So stay tuned to the video. Look friends, let's Look friends, let's Look friends, let's open it from here, let's open it from here. open it from here, let's open it from here. open it from here, let's open it from here. I am not able to understand this yet. I am not able to understand this yet. I am not able to understand this yet. Friends, look at this, I am opening it now.   Let's Friends, look at this, I am opening it now.   Let's Friends, look at this, I am opening it now.   Let's open it this way.  So I don't know, open it this way.  So I don't know, open it this way.  So I don't know, this is still not happening.  Will it break? Will it this is still not happening.  Will it break? Will it this is still not happening.  Will it break? Will it break?  I am not able to understand anything. break?  I am not able to understand anything. Sorry friends.  I didn't know about this either. Sorry friends.  I didn't know about this either. Sorry friends.  I didn't know about this either. Sorry.  Look at this, there is an opening inside it Sorry.  Look at this, there is an opening inside it Sorry.  Look at this, there is an opening inside it and this is it sir friends, and this is it sir friends, and this is it sir friends, look at this, now if you are going somewhere then look at this, now if you are going somewhere then look at this, now if you are going somewhere then you have to colour it, nowadays even children are getting white hair so early, so you have to colour it, nowadays even children are getting white hair so early, so friends, you do friends, you do friends, you do not have to wait for so long, you are going somewhere and your not have to wait for so long, you are going somewhere and your not have to wait for so long, you are going somewhere and your hair has turned white, then you quickly hair has turned white, then you quickly hair has turned white, then you quickly look at it, it will come out in this way, once it comes look at it, it will come out in this way, once it comes look at it, it will come out in this way, once it comes out then you out then you out then you can colour it in the hair in a good way, can colour it in the hair in a good way, can colour it in the hair in a good way, wherever a little white has come, it has wherever a little white has come, it has wherever a little white has come, it has not turned white that much in mine, friends, a little bit has come. not turned white that much in mine, friends, a little bit has come. not turned white that much in mine, friends, a little bit has come. Therefore, the Therefore, the Therefore, the water here, the water of Assam is also water here, the water of Assam is also water here, the water of Assam is also not very good.  That's why it contains oil.  So not very good.  That's why it contains oil.  So not very good.  That's why it contains oil.  So my daughter said, Mom, let me get it for you, if my daughter said, Mom, let me get it for you, if my daughter said, Mom, let me get it for you, if you have to go somewhere quickly, you have to go somewhere quickly, you have to go somewhere quickly, sometimes a little white comes and it remains. sometimes a little white comes and it remains. sometimes a little white comes and it remains. So you can apply this.  So So you can apply this.  So So you can apply this.  So I have not used it but it will be wasted. I have not used it but it will be wasted. I have not used it but it will be wasted. Therefore, whatever chilli material Therefore, whatever chilli material Therefore, whatever chilli material comes, it gets wasted.  So it will be good, if comes, it gets wasted.  So it will be good, if comes, it gets wasted.  So it will be good, if you guys also want it then please you guys also want it then please you guys also want it then please order it.  Just look.  If you order it.  Just look.  If you order it.  Just look.  If you look at the box carefully, you look at the box carefully, you look at the box carefully, you can also order it.  Many people experience this and do not have much time.  If you have to can also order it.  Many people experience this and do not have much time.  If you have to can also order it.  Many people experience this and do not have much time.  If you have to go somewhere in an emergency go somewhere in an emergency go somewhere in an emergency and you have white hair and your hair is a and you have white hair and your hair is a and you have white hair and your hair is a little light, then little light, then little light, then you are going to a wedding or somewhere else, then you are going to a wedding or somewhere else, then you are going to a wedding or somewhere else, then you can go quickly by using this, you can go quickly by using this, you can go quickly by using this, friends.  So that's why I friends.  So that's why I friends.  So that's why I told you its meaning is video, I will told you its meaning is video, I will told you its meaning is video, I will make a small video and leave it to the fans lock, if the make a small video and leave it to the fans lock, if the make a small video and leave it to the fans lock, if the fans lock gets to know about it then they will ask for it. fans lock gets to know about it then they will ask for it. fans lock gets to know about it then they will ask for it. Bye friends.