I am not going to make any fun of religion. I am not going to make any fun of religion. I am not going to make any fun of religion. Religion is very beautiful.  All the religions are Religion is very beautiful.  All the religions are Religion is very beautiful.  All the religions are equally beautiful.  One is a little better.   The equally beautiful.  One is a little better.   The equally beautiful.  One is a little better.   The rest of rest of rest of your religion is like that of your father. your religion is like that of your father. your religion is like that of your father. You get it as soon as you are born.  You do You get it as soon as you are born.  You do You get it as soon as you are born.  You do n't ask him any questions.  You n't ask him any questions.  You n't ask him any questions.  You accept it as it is and are unable to hear anything against it. accept it as it is and are unable to hear anything against it. accept it as it is and are unable to hear anything against it. Someone else's religion is like that Someone else's religion is like that Someone else's religion is like that of an uncle.  Sam is just like your father. of an uncle.  Sam is just like your father. of an uncle.  Sam is just like your father. But you think he will take over our house. But you think he will take over our house. But you think he will take over our house. Modi ji inspires me.  I Modi ji inspires me.  I Modi ji inspires me.  I want to work with him.  I want to work with him.  I want to work with him.  I want to be his personal photographer. want to be his personal photographer. want to be his personal photographer. I know everything about Modi ji, I know everything about Modi ji, I know everything about Modi ji, from which angle his photos look good.   Do you from which angle his photos look good.   Do you from which angle his photos look good.   Do you know from which angle Modi ji's photos know from which angle Modi ji's photos know from which angle Modi ji's photos look good?  From every angle.  Rudeness will not be look good?  From every angle.  Rudeness will not be look good?  From every angle.  Rudeness will not be tolerated here.  [Laughter] Modi ji goes and tolerated here.  [Laughter] Modi ji goes and tolerated here.  [Laughter] Modi ji goes and takes a photographer with him, takes a photographer with him, takes a photographer with him, what a chill job he has.  He travels the whole world. what a chill job he has.  He travels the whole world. what a chill job he has.  He travels the whole world. He had just gone to Italy. He had just gone to Italy.  Some friend of He had just gone to Italy.  Some friend of He had just gone to Italy.  Some friend of his lives there.  [laughter] I had his lives there.  [laughter] I had his lives there.  [laughter] I had said that I had got you and I also posted those photos. What beautiful said that I had got you and I also posted those photos. What beautiful said that I had got you and I also posted those photos. What beautiful photos they were. Modi is standing in the balcony of a building. photos they were. Modi is standing in the balcony of a building. photos they were. Modi is standing in the balcony of a building. [sound of clearing throat] Ji and [sound of clearing throat] Ji and [sound of clearing throat] Ji and Bhabhi ji are Bhabhi ji are Bhabhi ji are standing in the balcony of the building. The first standing in the balcony of the building. The first standing in the balcony of the building. The first photo is chill, couple goals, good. In the second photo, photo is chill, couple goals, good. In the second photo, photo is chill, couple goals, good. In the second photo, in a building in Rome city of Italy, in a building in Rome city of Italy, in a building in Rome city of Italy, Modi ji is showing something to Meloni. Modi ji is showing something to Meloni. Modi ji is showing something to Meloni. Clicking the photo, Clicking the photo, Clicking the photo, and Meloni is saying, I live here. and Meloni is saying, I live here. and Meloni is saying, I live here. That's the building. That's the building. That's the building. We have a building there too.  [laughs] In the next photo, I am showing something to Modi ji, saying, look at the In the next photo, I am showing something to Modi ji, saying, look at the In the next photo, I am showing something to Modi ji, saying, look at the bridge.   He bridge.   He bridge.   He says he is also here.  This one does says he is also here.  This one does says he is also here.  This one does n't fall off. n't fall off. n't fall off. In the next photo we [laughs] Nice.  I like In the next photo we [laughs] Nice.  I like In the next photo we [laughs] Nice.  I like him. him. him. Ok.  Have any of you been abroad?   From Ok.  Have any of you been abroad?   From Ok.  Have any of you been abroad?   From abroad Modi ji.  [laughter] abroad Modi ji.  [laughter] abroad Modi ji.  [laughter] Nice.  You have boar hair in your backyard too. Nice.  You have boar hair in your backyard too. Nice.  You have boar hair in your backyard too. Just Raise Your Hands who have gone to whatever country.   I want to tell those who have not gone that want to tell those who have not gone that want to tell those who have not gone that I have gone. I have gone. I have gone. When you go to a first-all country, When you go to a first-all country, When you go to a first-all country, Europe, Australia, Canada, America.  Come back to Europe, Australia, Canada, America.  Come back to Europe, Australia, Canada, America.  Come back to India.  You get a reality check. India.  You get a reality check. India.  You get a reality check. You become a little critical. You become a little critical. You become a little critical. This is your first thought.  Like you This is your first thought.  Like you This is your first thought.  Like you land at the airport and come out.  The first thought is land at the airport and come out.  The first thought is land at the airport and come out.  The first thought is whether we are whether we are whether we are living the life of insects.  Right?  First thought: Are living the life of insects.  Right?  First thought: Are living the life of insects.  Right?  First thought: Are these Europeans living like insects?   Have these Europeans living like insects?   Have you seen insects? you seen insects? you seen insects? Imagine there are a lot of insects. Imagine there are a lot of insects. Imagine there are a lot of insects. Now in your imagination those insects are Now in your imagination those insects are Now in your imagination those insects are driving in many lanes. driving in many lanes. driving in many lanes. [laughter] Did [laughter] Did [laughter] Did an ant in Imagination overtake you like that an ant in Imagination overtake you like that an ant in Imagination overtake you like that ? ? ? These are insects.  They have no status. These are insects.  They have no status. These are insects.  They have no status. We are [ __ ] lions.  [Laughter] You see, the lion keeps We are [ __ ] lions.  [Laughter] You see, the lion keeps We are [ __ ] lions.  [Laughter] You see, the lion keeps running around here like a clown.   I running around here like a clown.   I running around here like a clown.   I urinated wherever I wanted.  He caught whoever he wanted and urinated wherever I wanted.  He caught whoever he wanted and urinated wherever I wanted.  He caught whoever he wanted and ate them.  [laughter] He's ate them.  [laughter] He's ate them.  [laughter] He's licking his balls.   Have you licking his balls.   Have you licking his balls.   Have you ever seen a lion kill a deer, eat it and ever seen a lion kill a deer, eat it and ever seen a lion kill a deer, eat it and throw whatever was left in the dustbin?  [laughter] The throw whatever was left in the dustbin?  [laughter] The throw whatever was left in the dustbin?  [laughter] The lion is upper caste.  The lion does not do all this. lion is upper caste.  The lion does not do all this. lion is upper caste.  The lion does not do all this. Lion, Lion, Lion, we are lions brother.  Lion.  People say that we are lions brother.  Lion.  People say that we are lions brother.  Lion.  People say that Indians do not have civic sense. Indians do not have civic sense. Indians do not have civic sense. Europeans don't have an anus in their ass. Europeans don't have an anus in their ass. Europeans don't have an anus in their ass. That he should do something.  They have no status in That he should do something.  They have no status in That he should do something.  They have no status in front of us.  They call themselves democracies. front of us.  They call themselves democracies. front of us.  They call themselves democracies. They do not have basic rights.  Like They do not have basic rights.  Like They do not have basic rights.  Like you're driving in Europe.  You you're driving in Europe.  You you're driving in Europe.  You gave the right indicator.  The vehicle behind gave the right indicator.  The vehicle behind gave the right indicator.  The vehicle behind gets the signal from the right indicator.  I gets the signal from the right indicator.  I gets the signal from the right indicator.  I think this has to go right.  [laughter] think this has to go right.  [laughter] think this has to go right.  [laughter] Then you know what he does?  He lets it go. Then you know what he does?  He lets it go. Then you know what he does?  He lets it go. Loser.  [laughter] Loser.  [laughter] Loser.  [laughter] Now drive here.  You gave the right indicator.  The Now drive here.  You gave the right indicator.  The Now drive here.  You gave the right indicator.  The vehicle coming behind vehicle coming behind vehicle coming behind gets the signal.  Right indicator.   Go right and gets the signal.  Right indicator.   Go right and gets the signal.  Right indicator.   Go right and see. see. see. [laughs] I have to go [laughs] I have to go [laughs] I have to go right, the rest will be left, it comes suddenly, suddenly once right, the rest will be left, it comes suddenly, suddenly once right, the rest will be left, it comes suddenly, suddenly once I gave the right indicator, I gave the right indicator, I gave the right indicator, a biker came and uprooted my indicator and a biker came and uprooted my indicator and a biker came and uprooted my indicator and took it away [laughs] it is fixed in the rear view mirror [laughs] it is fixed in the rear view mirror [laughs] it is fixed in the rear view mirror [laughs] but he did not run away, he was a lion, but he did not run away, he was a lion, but he did not run away, he was a lion, he stopped the bike and said to me, hey that he stopped the bike and said to me, hey that he stopped the bike and said to me, hey that blind idiot [prasadha] I am [prasadha] I am [prasadha] I am blind as well. blind as well. blind as well. When something like this happens, the rest of the people stop their vehicles. When something like this happens, the rest of the people stop their vehicles. When something like this happens, the rest of the people stop their vehicles. He said, brother, you have been insulted.  Do He said, brother, you have been insulted.  Do He said, brother, you have been insulted.  Do you have any comebacks?  [laughter] I you have any comebacks?  [laughter] I you have any comebacks?  [laughter] I said this is how to fight.  There is no comeback. said this is how to fight.  There is no comeback. said this is how to fight.  There is no comeback. I said I am thinking.  After 10 minutes I said I am thinking.  After 10 minutes I said I am thinking.  After 10 minutes I said, are you deaf?  [laughter] He says it himself, you won, man. He says it himself, you won, man. He says it himself, you won, man. This was great.  Not very basic rights. This was great.  Not very basic rights. This was great.  Not very basic rights. He can't do anything.  You're driving in Europe. He can't do anything.  You're driving in Europe. He can't do anything.  You're driving in Europe. You overtook someone.  Do you You overtook someone.  Do you You overtook someone.  Do you know what happens after that?   Nothing happens. know what happens after that?   Nothing happens. One should have some capability to do something. One should have some capability to do something. One should have some capability to do something. They have no status at all.  Now drive here. They have no status at all.  Now drive here. They have no status at all.  Now drive here. You overtook someone.  Then you know You overtook someone.  Then you know You overtook someone.  Then you know what happens?  Then the race begins. what happens?  Then the race begins. what happens?  Then the race begins. [laughter] Race.  I once [laughter] Race.  I once [laughter] Race.  I once overtook a man in Gurgaon.  He raced till Goa. overtook a man in Gurgaon.  He raced till Goa. overtook a man in Gurgaon.  He raced till Goa. [laughter] He arrived before me.  He tells me arrived before me.  He tells me arrived before me.  He tells me I won.  [laughter] [sound of throat clearing] I had to [sound of throat clearing] I had to [sound of throat clearing] I had to come here, you idiot.  [laughter] come here, you idiot.  [laughter] come here, you idiot.  [laughter] Guess who won once.   Do you Guess who won once.   Do you Guess who won once.   Do you understand?  When I was driving, understand?  When I was driving, understand?  When I was driving, I was thinking that I am such a fool to be going to I was thinking that I am such a fool to be going to I was thinking that I am such a fool to be going to Goa by car.  No Goa by car.  No Goa by car.  No one else would do this except me.  This one one else would do this except me.  This one one else would do this except me.  This one arrived just to prove it.  He arrived just to prove it.  He arrived just to prove it.  He [sound of clearing throat] stayed with me at the dhaba. [sound of clearing throat] stayed with me at the dhaba. [sound of clearing throat] stayed with me at the dhaba. I was observing him. I was observing him. I was observing him. [laughter] He's [laughter] He's [laughter] He's eating it quickly. Bhai sahab, the countdown race is going on, friend Bhai sahab, the countdown race is going on, friend Bhai sahab, the countdown race is going on, friend [laughter] it seems like a joke to you that there is a race going on, [laughter] it seems like a joke to you that there is a race going on, [laughter] it seems like a joke to you that there is a race going on, who told you this, it came to me, Bhai who told you this, it came to me, Bhai who told you this, it came to me, Bhai sahab, are you having a race [laughter] am sahab, are you having a race [laughter] am sahab, are you having a race [laughter] am I having a race I having a race I having a race [sound of clearing throat] I do [sound of clearing throat] I do [sound of clearing throat] I do n't know, most of the rivalries are one sided n't know, most of the rivalries are one sided n't know, most of the rivalries are one sided in our country, one person is putting in all his efforts to in our country, one person is putting in all his efforts to in our country, one person is putting in all his efforts to win, the win, the win, the other person has no idea other person has no idea other person has no idea that he is in the game, the same is the scene of Modi ji and Rahul that he is in the game, the same is the scene of Modi ji and Rahul that he is in the game, the same is the scene of Modi ji and Rahul Gandhi, if any accident happens abroad then tell me any accident happens abroad then tell me any accident happens abroad then tell me what do you do?  These people immediately what do you do?  These people immediately what do you do?  These people immediately call an ambulance [laughs] call an ambulance [laughs] call an ambulance [laughs] They don't even feel ashamed that someone has had an They don't even feel ashamed that someone has had an They don't even feel ashamed that someone has had an accident and they make fun of it.  No, go to the accident and they make fun of it.  No, go to the accident and they make fun of it.  No, go to the hospital immediately if an accident happens here.  You have hospital immediately if an accident happens here.  You have hospital immediately if an accident happens here.  You have seen 100 people gather.  They seen 100 people gather.  They seen 100 people gather.  They form a circle and stand around it.  Even if an form a circle and stand around it.  Even if an form a circle and stand around it.  Even if an ambulance is passing by, it may ambulance is passing by, it may ambulance is passing by, it may not be visible.  [laughter] not be visible.  [laughter] not be visible.  [laughter] And let's make circles.  Don't pay attention to him.  They And let's make circles.  Don't pay attention to him.  They And let's make circles.  Don't pay attention to him.  They start talking to each other. start talking to each other. start talking to each other. True Story: A man was going in front of me on a bike. True Story: A man was going in front of me on a bike. True Story: A man was going in front of me on a bike. Suddenly a cow appeared in front of him. Suddenly a cow appeared in front of him. Suddenly a cow appeared in front of him. No, it was not a cow. No, it was not a cow. No, it was not a cow. [Applause] There [Applause] There [Applause] There was no cow.   There was n't a cow [laughs].  She was a buffalo.   It was n't a cow [laughs].  She was a buffalo.   It was n't a cow [laughs].  She was a buffalo.   It was white in colour and suddenly white in colour and suddenly white in colour and suddenly a buffalo of maroon colour came in front of it and a buffalo of maroon colour came in front of it and a buffalo of maroon colour came in front of it and its balance got disturbed its balance got disturbed its balance got disturbed and it kept rubbing for about 100 metres and hit and it kept rubbing for about 100 metres and hit and it kept rubbing for about 100 metres and hit a pole and fell down. a pole and fell down. a pole and fell down. Immediately 100 people reached there and formed a circle. Immediately 100 people reached there and formed a circle. Immediately 100 people reached there and formed a circle. I also felt like it and entered that circle. I also felt like it and entered that circle. I also felt like it and entered that circle. As soon as I entered, a man was standing there. I As soon as I entered, a man was standing there. I As soon as I entered, a man was standing there. I asked him what happened. He says the youth pack is asked him what happened. He says the youth pack is asked him what happened. He says the youth pack is rotten and useless. I said brother I said brother I said brother put your hand on your heart and tell me one thing.  Are you put your hand on your heart and tell me one thing.  Are you put your hand on your heart and tell me one thing.  Are you from Punjab?  [laughs] He says yes, he is from Punjab.  Where are you from in Punjab says yes, he is from Punjab.  Where are you from in Punjab says yes, he is from Punjab.  Where are you from in Punjab ?  Kapurthala says.  I asked where Kapurthala ?  Kapurthala says.  I asked where Kapurthala ?  Kapurthala says.  I asked where Kapurthala is located?  He says he is in Punjab.  [laughter] is located?  He says he is in Punjab.  [laughter] is located?  He says he is in Punjab.  [laughter] I didn't say where exactly does it fall? I didn't say where exactly does it fall? I didn't say where exactly does it fall? Punjab says.  I said what kind of place?  He says it is a very Punjab says.  I said what kind of place?  He says it is a very Punjab says.  I said what kind of place?  He says it is a very nice place, brother.  You come sometime.  I said friend, nice place, brother.  You come sometime.  I said friend, nice place, brother.  You come sometime.  I said friend, I will try.  He says one of your I will try.  He says one of your I will try.  He says one of your relatives lives there.  I said I don't have relatives lives there.  I said I don't have relatives lives there.  I said I don't have anyone living with me.  He says there must be someone. anyone living with me.  He says there must be someone. anyone living with me.  He says there must be someone. Everyone has it in Kapurtala. Everyone has it in Kapurtala. Everyone has it in Kapurtala. I said no, I don't have anyone living there. I said no, I don't have anyone living there. I said no, I don't have anyone living there. Where should you ask at your home?  [laughter] I said Where should you ask at your home?  [laughter] I said Where should you ask at your home?  [laughter] I said no, I don't want to ask like that.  Ok.   I no, I don't want to ask like that.  Ok.   I no, I don't want to ask like that.  Ok.   I said no, it is no, at least someone has happened.   It happens to said no, it is no, at least someone has happened.   It happens to said no, it is no, at least someone has happened.   It happens to everyone.  Guys everyone.  Guys everyone.  Guys [sound of clearing throat] you guys probably forgot. [sound of clearing throat] you guys probably forgot. [sound of clearing throat] you guys probably forgot. A man is going to die here. A man is going to die here. A man is going to die here. He's been trying to say something for the last 15 minutes.  I am He's been trying to say something for the last 15 minutes.  I am He's been trying to say something for the last 15 minutes.  I am not listening to anything. not listening to anything. not listening to anything. Finally I said, brother, tell me what are you saying Finally I said, brother, tell me what are you saying Finally I said, brother, tell me what are you saying ? ? ? My mother lives in Kapurla.  [Applause] Then he died.  [laughter] Then he died.  [laughter] Then he died.  [laughter] [sound of clearing throat] There's [sound of clearing throat] There's [sound of clearing throat] There's no fun there.  Basically they do no fun there.  Basically they do no fun there.  Basically they do n't have stories to tell.  As n't have stories to tell.  As n't have stories to tell.  As I saw there, a couple was walking.  The boy I saw there, a couple was walking.  The boy I saw there, a couple was walking.  The boy suddenly came forward.  Ok?  And he took out the ring. suddenly came forward.  Ok?  And he took out the ring. suddenly came forward.  Ok?  And he took out the ring. He took out the ring and went to Nice.   He He took out the ring and went to Nice.   He He took out the ring and went to Nice.   He says you mean the world to me.  Say you says you mean the world to me.  Say you says you mean the world to me.  Say you marry me.  And the girl said yes.  Thousands of people started marry me.  And the girl said yes.  Thousands of people started marry me.  And the girl said yes.  Thousands of people started clapping.  [laughter] Let me clapping.  [laughter] Let me clapping.  [laughter] Let me tell you about Noida. A couple was also moving in Noida.  [laughter] The A couple was also moving in Noida.  [laughter] The A couple was also moving in Noida.  [laughter] The boy suddenly came forward.  He took out the ring. boy suddenly came forward.  He took out the ring. boy suddenly came forward.  He took out the ring. Went to Nice.  I was just about to start proposing. Went to Nice.  I was just about to start proposing. Went to Nice.  I was just about to start proposing. Beast Proposal Someone stole the ring and ran away. Beast Proposal Someone stole the ring and ran away. That girl has run after him.  The boy That girl has run after him.  The boy That girl has run after him.  The boy is sitting there.  [laughter] is sitting there.  [laughter] is sitting there.  [laughter] You guys are lucky to be born in this country. You guys are lucky to be born in this country. You guys are lucky to be born in this country. You will die here.  What a happy You will die here.  What a happy You will die here.  What a happy thing this is, friend.  Like in India, people who are paying thing this is, friend.  Like in India, people who are paying thing this is, friend.  Like in India, people who are paying attention to fitness, I think they are attention to fitness, I think they are attention to fitness, I think they are big idiots.  Location is very big idiots.  Location is very big idiots.  Location is very important. important. important. [laughs] There's [laughs] There's no need to focus on fitness everywhere.  You live in Europe, there may be some no need to focus on fitness everywhere.  You live in Europe, there may be some no need to focus on fitness everywhere.  You live in Europe, there may be some benefit there.  He was my friend and a gym benefit there.  He was my friend and a gym benefit there.  He was my friend and a gym trainer.  He said, friend, your body is trainer.  He said, friend, your body is trainer.  He said, friend, your body is your temple.  Take care of your body.  He was your temple.  Take care of your body.  He was your temple.  Take care of your body.  He was shot in the temple.  [laughter] I could n't even run away.  That first bullet n't even run away.  That first bullet n't even run away.  That first bullet hit the leg.  [laughs] After hitting him he said, O hit the leg.  [laughs] After hitting him he said, O hit the leg.  [laughs] After hitting him he said, O Dalbir, this is someone else. Good fun brother.  I enjoy living in this country.  It Good fun brother.  I enjoy living in this country.  It Good fun brother.  I enjoy living in this country.  It is a very nice country.  There is nothing there. is a very nice country.  There is nothing there. is a very nice country.  There is nothing there. They don't behave They don't behave They don't behave with each other there.  Don't talk. with each other there.  Don't talk. with each other there.  Don't talk. I'm not pretending to be in a cab in Europe. I'm not pretending to be in a cab in Europe. I'm not pretending to be in a cab in Europe. This really happened.  I sat in the cab and This really happened.  I sat in the cab and This really happened.  I sat in the cab and he dropped me wherever I wanted to go. he dropped me wherever I wanted to go. he dropped me wherever I wanted to go. [laughs] I did [laughs] I did n't talk about anything without it.  Didn't tell n't talk about anything without it.  Didn't tell n't talk about anything without it.  Didn't tell how much land uncle has grabbed. how much land uncle has grabbed. how much land uncle has grabbed. [sound of clearing throat][laughter] I didn't [sound of clearing throat][laughter] I didn't [sound of clearing throat][laughter] I didn't tell you what was going on with me.  Nothing. tell you what was going on with me.  Nothing. tell you what was going on with me.  Nothing. You can sit in the cab here.  You get a story.  While sitting You can sit in the cab here.  You get a story.  While sitting You can sit in the cab here.  You get a story.  While sitting in my cab he says, in my cab he says, in my cab he says, brother, do I drive or do I have a hobby?  I don't brother, do I drive or do I have a hobby?  I don't brother, do I drive or do I have a hobby?  I don't need it. need it. need it. I said I sit for the need. I said I sit for the need. I said I sit for the need. [Applause] I don't have any hobbies. any hobbies. any hobbies. Please drop me wherever I want to go. Please drop me wherever I want to go. Please drop me wherever I want to go. Whenever you sit in a cab, the cab driver should Whenever you sit in a cab, the cab driver should Whenever you sit in a cab, the cab driver should not know that you are in a hurry to reach somewhere.  If not know that you are in a hurry to reach somewhere.  If not know that you are in a hurry to reach somewhere.  If he finds out, he will immediately he finds out, he will immediately he finds out, he will immediately stop at the CNG pump.  [laughter] He shouldn't know.  I sat in the cab. He shouldn't know.  I sat in the cab. He shouldn't know.  I sat in the cab. I said sir it is time for the flight.  Have to I said sir it is time for the flight.  Have to I said sir it is time for the flight.  Have to reach quickly.  Said sir, I will move at the speed of a bullet. reach quickly.  Said sir, I will move at the speed of a bullet. After 5 minutes, it stopped at the CNG bomb. After 5 minutes, it stopped at the CNG bomb. After 5 minutes, it stopped at the CNG bomb. I said, Sir, what pill is this?  Which I said, Sir, what pill is this?  Which I said, Sir, what pill is this?  Which moved at a speed of 24 km per hour and then moved at a speed of 24 km per hour and then moved at a speed of 24 km per hour and then suddenly stopped.  He is saying sir it will take 5 minutes.  There are suddenly stopped.  He is saying sir it will take 5 minutes.  There are suddenly stopped.  He is saying sir it will take 5 minutes.  There are only 300 vehicles. only 300 vehicles. only 300 vehicles. After one and a half hours our turn came. After one and a half hours our turn came. After one and a half hours our turn came. Then he comes and says, Sir, get down from the car now. Then he comes and says, Sir, get down from the car now. Then he comes and says, Sir, get down from the car now. I asked why?  So he says, Sir, I want to I asked why?  So he says, Sir, I want to I asked why?  So he says, Sir, I want to fill CNG.  I said I'll grab the pipe. fill CNG.  I said I'll grab the pipe. fill CNG.  I said I'll grab the pipe. What's wrong with me sitting down? What's wrong with me sitting down? What's wrong with me sitting down? Sir, if the CNG explodes, we will die Sir, if the CNG explodes, we will die Sir, if the CNG explodes, we will die So I got down from the cab, he also got down from the cab, So I got down from the cab, he also got down from the cab, So I got down from the cab, he also got down from the cab, both of us stood on the car both of us stood on the car both of us stood on the car like this [laughs] It will explode only inside explode only inside explode only inside We are safe outside. We are safe outside. We are safe outside. Then he asks me [laughs] Then he asks me [laughs] Then he asks me [laughs] what time is your flight? what time is your flight? what time is your flight? I said, look she is going [laughs], she left, reached, she got bored, she is gone [laughs] so it is so it is so it is best that we should be arrogant about this, but best that we should be arrogant about this, but we are there too [laughs], by the way, it is a we are there too [laughs], by the way, it is a we are there too [laughs], by the way, it is a good thing, tell me good thing, tell me good thing, tell me why are the Europeans so far behind us, why are the Europeans so far behind us, why are the Europeans so far behind us, because they are moving away from religion, they have because they are moving away from religion, they have because they are moving away from religion, they have shrunk a bit, there is no shrunk a bit, there is no shrunk a bit, there is no such thing.  Religion is very such thing.  Religion is very such thing.  Religion is very good.  Our country exists only because of religion.  Otherwise, who knows good.  Our country exists only because of religion.  Otherwise, who knows good.  Our country exists only because of religion.  Otherwise, who knows where we would have been. where we would have been. where we would have been. Religion Is Very Beautiful.  Religion is very Religion Is Very Beautiful.  Religion is very Religion Is Very Beautiful.  Religion is very personal.  I am not going to make any fun of religion. personal.  I am not going to make any fun of religion. personal.  I am not going to make any fun of religion. Religion is very beautiful.  All the Religion is very beautiful.  All the Religion is very beautiful.  All the religions are equally beautiful.  One religions are equally beautiful.  One religions are equally beautiful.  One is a little better.  The rest [applause] The rest they are trying to catch rest [applause] The rest they are trying to catch rest [applause] The rest they are trying to catch up.  Everything is good in its own place.  There up.  Everything is good in its own place.  There up.  Everything is good in its own place.  There is no such problem.  Religion is is no such problem.  Religion is is no such problem.  Religion is beautiful.  Your religion is like that of your father. beautiful.  Your religion is like that of your father. beautiful.  Your religion is like that of your father. You get it as soon as you are born. You get it as soon as you are born. You get it as soon as you are born. You don't ask him any questions.   You You don't ask him any questions.   You You don't ask him any questions.   You accept it as it is and are accept it as it is and are accept it as it is and are unable to hear anything against it.  Someone else's unable to hear anything against it.  Someone else's unable to hear anything against it.  Someone else's religion is like his uncle.  Sam is just religion is like his uncle.  Sam is just religion is like his uncle.  Sam is just like your father.  But you think he will like your father.  But you think he will like your father.  But you think he will take over our house.  [laughter] take over our house.  [laughter] take over our house.  [laughter] [applause] [encouraging voice] But you forget one thing: your father is also But you forget one thing: your father is also But you forget one thing: your father is also someone's uncle.  This thought [laughs] is someone's uncle.  This thought [laughs] is someone's uncle.  This thought [laughs] is not to be thought at all, it doesn't matter.  Religion is not to be thought at all, it doesn't matter.  Religion is not to be thought at all, it doesn't matter.  Religion is beautiful.  Look, beautiful.  Look, beautiful.  Look, I have read all the religions and I liked them all. I have read all the religions and I liked them all. I have read all the religions and I liked them all. But there are things written in religion which are But there are things written in religion which are But there are things written in religion which are not practical.  Good things have been written. not practical.  Good things have been written. not practical.  Good things have been written. It is written how the world should be. It is written how the world should be. It is written how the world should be. But what the world is like is not written. But what the world is like is not written. But what the world is like is not written. As it is written in every religious book, As it is written in every religious book, As it is written in every religious book, in the battle between truth and falsehood, truth always wins. in the battle between truth and falsehood, truth always wins. in the battle between truth and falsehood, truth always wins. Where is truth winning?   Have Where is truth winning?   Have Where is truth winning?   Have you ever seen truth win? you ever seen truth win? you ever seen truth win? Truth never wins.  There should be a practical religion in Truth never wins.  There should be a practical religion in Truth never wins.  There should be a practical religion in which it is written that in the battle between truth and falsehood, which it is written that in the battle between truth and falsehood, which it is written that in the battle between truth and falsehood, victory is achieved. victory is achieved. victory is achieved. Who owns Toyota Fortuner.  That's how he wins. Who owns Toyota Fortuner.  That's how he wins. Who owns Toyota Fortuner.  That's how he wins. You see, he never loses. You see, he never loses. You see, he never loses. By the way, if any MLA or MP is travelling in Alto By the way, if any MLA or MP is travelling in Alto By the way, if any MLA or MP is travelling in Alto , slap him.  [laughter] , slap him.  [laughter] , slap him.  [laughter] He won't be able to do anything.  But if He won't be able to do anything.  But if He won't be able to do anything.  But if even a TCS employee cannot go below TCS, even a TCS employee cannot go below TCS, even a TCS employee cannot go below TCS, then I am on the bench at TCS. then I am on the bench at TCS. then I am on the bench at TCS. Even if a TCS employee is in Fortune, Even if a TCS employee is in Fortune, Even if a TCS employee is in Fortune, he will be respected, friend.  Such he will be respected, friend.  Such he will be respected, friend.  Such practical things should be there in religion. practical things should be there in religion. practical things should be there in religion. She is not available.  Like in the battle between truth and lies, the one who knows the She is not available.  Like in the battle between truth and lies, the one who knows the She is not available.  Like in the battle between truth and lies, the one who knows the local local local language will win.  [laughter] Look, he's always winning.  Who will win in Bor Look, he's always winning.  Who will win in Bor Look, he's always winning.  Who will win in Bor who knows Kannada. who knows Kannada. who knows Kannada. Who will win in Mumbai who knows Marathi? Who will win in Mumbai who knows Marathi? Who will win in Mumbai who knows Marathi? Who will win in Gurgaon who knows how to shoot? Who will win in Gurgaon who knows how to shoot? Who will win in Gurgaon who knows how to shoot? A man shot in Gurgaon. A man shot in Gurgaon. A man shot in Gurgaon. He asked why did you hit me?  So he says it was terrible. He asked why did you hit me?  So he says it was terrible. How was the grimace? How was the grimace? How was the grimace? After seeing him he said, oh this is my aunt's son. After seeing him he said, oh this is my aunt's son. After seeing him he said, oh this is my aunt's son. Religion is beautiful.  I like religion. Religion is beautiful.  I like religion. Religion is beautiful.  I like religion. I like religion.  Religious I like religion.  Religious I like religion.  Religious Praise people about their religion.  How unhappy Praise people about their religion.  How unhappy Praise people about their religion.  How unhappy those people are. those people are. those people are. Praise the scriptures they have.  How happy they are.   You will Praise the scriptures they have.  How happy they are.   You will Praise the scriptures they have.  How happy they are.   You will tell someone that what is tell someone that what is tell someone that what is written in your religion is a very good thing.  He said, written in your religion is a very good thing.  He said, written in your religion is a very good thing.  He said, I was already saying it.  We are the best.  Come, I was already saying it.  We are the best.  Come, I was already saying it.  We are the best.  Come, you also come this side.  [laughter] Come on, come on.   That you also come this side.  [laughter] Come on, come on.   That you also come this side.  [laughter] Come on, come on.   That is a small procedure.  I am saying listen to me. is a small procedure.  I am saying listen to me. Listen to me.  After turning these two pages, Listen to me.  After turning these two pages, Listen to me.  After turning these two pages, what is written is not a small problem, I what is written is not a small problem, I what is written is not a small problem, I mean this thing.  Well mean this thing.  Well mean this thing.  Well [sound of clearing throat] this one does [sound of clearing throat] this one does [sound of clearing throat] this one does n't mean what it says. n't mean what it says. n't mean what it says. It has context. It has context. It has context. [sound of clearing throat] This is not what it says. [sound of clearing throat] This is not what it says. [sound of clearing throat] This is not what it says. It has some other meaning. It has some other meaning. It has some other meaning. We don't know that.  He knows that.  It has We don't know that.  He knows that.  It has We don't know that.  He knows that.  It has context.  But what you are reading is context.  But what you are reading is context.  But what you are reading is not its meaning.  This also has a good not its meaning.  This also has a good not its meaning.  This also has a good meaning.  There is something else to it.  I said, meaning.  There is something else to it.  I said, meaning.  There is something else to it.  I said, but there might be something more to what I liked. but there might be something more to what I liked. Give me the sword for a minute, friend. Give me the sword for a minute, friend. Give me the sword for a minute, friend. [applause] [encouraging voice] And those atheists are nothing special either. And those atheists are nothing special either. And those atheists are nothing special either. They also have nothing to say.   They come up with the They also have nothing to say.   They come up with the They also have nothing to say.   They come up with the same four or five worn out sentences.  All these same four or five worn out sentences.  All these same four or five worn out sentences.  All these atheists, atheists, atheists, you must have always heard one phrase that well you must have always heard one phrase that well you must have always heard one phrase that well [sound of clearing throat] this is your [sound of clearing throat] this is your [sound of clearing throat] this is your scripture.  This is your book.   According to this, scripture.  This is your book.   According to this, scripture.  This is your book.   According to this, whatever is written about your God, it exists whatever is written about your God, it exists whatever is written about your God, it exists and you believe that it exists. and you believe that it exists. and you believe that it exists. Here's the Spiderman book.  What does it mean Here's the Spiderman book.  What does it mean Here's the Spiderman book.  What does it mean ?  There's also Spiderman.  [laughter] Is that a ?  There's also Spiderman.  [laughter] Is that a ?  There's also Spiderman.  [laughter] Is that a thing?  Is there any logic in this?  How thing?  Is there any logic in this?  How thing?  Is there any logic in this?  How illogical is this.  There illogical is this.  There illogical is this.  There can be no comparison.  How illogical because there is can be no comparison.  How illogical because there is can be no comparison.  How illogical because there is Spiderman after all. Spiderman after all. Spiderman after all. Spiderman Spiderman Spiderman is alive in Spiderman Actually.  It's Spiderman.   There is alive in Spiderman Actually.  It's Spiderman.   There is alive in Spiderman Actually.  It's Spiderman.   There is also Spiderman India.  Spiderman came to Gurgaon. is also Spiderman India.  Spiderman came to Gurgaon. is also Spiderman India.  Spiderman came to Gurgaon. You wouldn't know.  Spiderman came to Gurgaon. You wouldn't know.  Spiderman came to Gurgaon. You wouldn't know.  Spiderman came to Gurgaon. Those who don't Those who don't Those who don't know Spiderman, he doesn't do such Rapido Uber.  He has his know Spiderman, he doesn't do such Rapido Uber.  He has his know Spiderman, he doesn't do such Rapido Uber.  He has his own mood of transport.  He own mood of transport.  He own mood of transport.  He throws webs.  [laughter] throws webs.  [laughter] throws webs.  [laughter] So there was a crime going on somewhere.  He was going to save by So there was a crime going on somewhere.  He was going to save by So there was a crime going on somewhere.  He was going to save by throwing nets.  A web was thrown and throwing nets.  A web was thrown and throwing nets.  A web was thrown and crossed the building.  The second web was thrown and crossed the building.  The second web was thrown and crossed the building.  The second web was thrown and crossed the building. crossed the building. crossed the building. He threw the third net at the house of a Jat brother. He threw the third net at the house of a Jat brother. He threw the third net at the house of a Jat brother. [laughter] He ran over the railing and stumbled. [laughter] He ran over the railing and stumbled. [laughter] He ran over the railing and stumbled. And he was crossing it.  Did Jat Bhai And he was crossing it.  Did Jat Bhai And he was crossing it.  Did Jat Bhai notice what was happening?  [laughter] notice what was happening?  [laughter] notice what was happening?  [laughter] Jat Bhai saw the net hanging.  A guy is Jat Bhai saw the net hanging.  A guy is Jat Bhai saw the net hanging.  A guy is crossing.  I am not lying. crossing.  I am not lying. crossing.  I am not lying. Jat Bhai pulled up Spiderman along with his web Jat Bhai pulled up Spiderman along with his web Jat Bhai pulled up Spiderman along with his web like this. Friends, there is no sound of ass getting torn. Friends, there is no sound of ass getting torn. Friends, there is no sound of ass getting torn. But the explosion that happened in his backyard.  She got her But the explosion that happened in his backyard.  She got her But the explosion that happened in his backyard.  She got her ass filled.  What is this happening?  He kept pulling with so much strength ass filled.  What is this happening?  He kept pulling with so much strength ass filled.  What is this happening?  He kept pulling with so much strength [laughs].  The [laughs].  The [laughs].  The cold came, I cold came, I cold came, I pulled it up.  [laughter] Are you waiting?  Spiderman said, waiting [laughter]. Are you waiting?  Spiderman said, waiting [laughter]. With great power.  [laughter] Comes great responsibility Yes hands behind me Yes hands behind me Yes hands behind me listen to me, you listen to me carefully listen to me, you listen to me carefully listen to me, you listen to me carefully [laughter] Do you want PG or PG double sharing triple sharing [laughter] with double sharing triple sharing [laughter] with double sharing triple sharing [laughter] with food without food he cannot go from here food without food he cannot go from here food without food he cannot go from here then he went back.  Look, religion is then he went back.  Look, religion is then he went back.  Look, religion is beautiful.  I respect your religion.  Meaning, beautiful.  I respect your religion.  Meaning, beautiful.  I respect your religion.  Meaning, one is the best and the rest are also almost there.  So one is the best and the rest are also almost there.  So one is the best and the rest are also almost there.  So basically [laughs] basically [laughs] basically [laughs] I read all the religions.  A thought came to me. I read all the religions.  A thought came to me. I read all the religions.  A thought came to me. I want to share with you guys. I want to share with you guys. I want to share with you guys. That thought was that there are many religions. That thought was that there are many religions. That thought was that there are many religions. And the whole world is fighting among themselves in the name of religion. And the whole world is fighting among themselves in the name of religion. If we just follow what is common in all religions, If we just follow what is common in all religions, If we just follow what is common in all religions, how much better a place would the world become. how much better a place would the world become. how much better a place would the world become. Every religion has many things in common.  Like it is Every religion has many things in common.  Like it is Every religion has many things in common.  Like it is written in every religion that we should help the helpless. written in every religion that we should help the helpless. written in every religion that we should help the helpless. When I read this and then When I read this and then When I read this and then I read it in all the religions, I I read it in all the religions, I I read it in all the religions, I decided that I will help the helpless. decided that I will help the helpless. decided that I will help the helpless. Because it is written in every book. Because it is written in every book. Because it is written in every book. If there is a God, then this is what God really wants. If there is a God, then this is what God really wants. If there is a God, then this is what God really wants. I decided I would I decided I would I decided I would help the destitute.  I just want to meet him somewhere.  [laughter] help the destitute.  I just want to meet him somewhere.  [laughter] help the destitute.  I just want to meet him somewhere.  [laughter] Now I'm on the lookout.  I just hope I find him helpless somewhere.  I will Now I'm on the lookout.  I just hope I find him helpless somewhere.  I will Now I'm on the lookout.  I just hope I find him helpless somewhere.  I will help you with my wisdom.   I just want to meet him help you with my wisdom.   I just want to meet him help you with my wisdom.   I just want to meet him somewhere.  If you don't find it, I will make it.   I somewhere.  If you don't find it, I will make it.   I somewhere.  If you don't find it, I will make it.   I convert myself.  I said I just want to find him convert myself.  I said I just want to find him convert myself.  I said I just want to find him somewhere helpless.  Once I felt like helping a somewhere helpless.  Once I felt like helping a somewhere helpless.  Once I felt like helping a blind person cross the road.  I ca blind person cross the road.  I ca blind person cross the road.  I ca n't find the blind one.  [laughter] n't find the blind one.  [laughter] n't find the blind one.  [laughter] Then there was a man standing there. Then there was a man standing there. Then there was a man standing there. I put my fingers in his eyes like this.  Then like this here I put my fingers in his eyes like this.  Then like this here I put my fingers in his eyes like this.  Then like this here organ [laughs] organ [laughs] organ [laughs] then walk walk walk.  Helped me cross the road.  It was a then walk walk walk.  Helped me cross the road.  It was a then walk walk walk.  Helped me cross the road.  It was a good feeling.  [Laughter] good feeling.  [Laughter] good feeling.  [Laughter] Just think, you might think I made a man Just think, you might think I made a man Just think, you might think I made a man blind.  But I also got my practice done. blind.  But I also got my practice done. blind.  But I also got my practice done. Next time I'll get someone who's actually blind. Next time I'll get someone who's actually blind. Next time I'll get someone who's actually blind. I know what to do.  It's a good feeling.  I I know what to do.  It's a good feeling.  I I know what to do.  It's a good feeling.  I live in this divorce, I just want to meet you somewhere.  Let me live in this divorce, I just want to meet you somewhere.  Let me live in this divorce, I just want to meet you somewhere.  Let me tell you a true story. tell you a true story. tell you a true story. I was in a market in Delhi.  My I was in a market in Delhi.  My I was in a market in Delhi.  My target for that day was not achieved.  I had to target for that day was not achieved.  I had to target for that day was not achieved.  I had to help someone. help someone. help someone. A man in front of me had a heart attack. A man in front of me had a heart attack. A man in front of me had a heart attack. I am happy and I say yes.  [laughter] I'll help him. I am happy and I say yes.  [laughter] I'll help him. I am happy and I say yes.  [laughter] I'll help him. When something bad happens to you When something bad happens to you When something bad happens to you in this country, you feel that nothing worse can happen than this. in this country, you feel that nothing worse can happen than this. in this country, you feel that nothing worse can happen than this. But it happens.  He must be thinking that nothing can be But it happens.  He must be thinking that nothing can be But it happens.  He must be thinking that nothing can be worse than this.  I worse than this.  I worse than this.  I reached there.  [laughter] reached there.  [laughter] reached there.  [laughter] I arrived and he was in agony.  I did the same thing I arrived and he was in agony.  I did the same thing I arrived and he was in agony.  I did the same thing you guys do.  I clicked his photo and you guys do.  I clicked his photo and you guys do.  I clicked his photo and sent the chat to GPT. I said it is shaking.  It is a heart attack. I said it is shaking.  It is a heart attack. I said it is shaking.  It is a heart attack. Chat GPT asked me the opposite question whether Chat GPT asked me the opposite question whether Chat GPT asked me the opposite question whether this was a heart attack or cardiac arrest this was a heart attack or cardiac arrest this was a heart attack or cardiac arrest ?  [laughter] What do I know? What do I know? What do I know? So I asked him.  I said brother, is So I asked him.  I said brother, is So I asked him.  I said brother, is this a heart attack or cardiac arrest?   In the this a heart attack or cardiac arrest?   In the this a heart attack or cardiac arrest?   In the middle of a heart attack he said son hey calm down friend middle of a heart attack he said son hey calm down friend middle of a heart attack he said son hey calm down friend [laughs] calm [laughs] calm [laughs] calm down brother you can't abuse like this you down brother you can't abuse like this you down brother you can't abuse like this you relax relax I said to Chat GBT relax relax I said to Chat GBT relax relax I said to Chat GBT again I tell you the treatment for both of them tell me the treatment for again I tell you the treatment for both of them tell me the treatment for again I tell you the treatment for both of them tell me the treatment for heart attack tell me the treatment for cardiac race heart attack tell me the treatment for cardiac race heart attack tell me the treatment for cardiac race then Chat GBT said if you are having a heart attack then Chat GBT said if you are having a heart attack then Chat GBT said if you are having a heart attack then there is a medicine called Ecospin it is a blood thinner give it to you the blood will become thin and the then there is a medicine called Ecospin it is a blood thinner give it to you the blood will become thin and the then there is a medicine called Ecospin it is a blood thinner give it to you the blood will become thin and the heart attack will stop heart attack will stop heart attack will stop I said ok if you are having cardiac race then I said ok if you are having cardiac race then I said ok if you are having cardiac race then what to do he said give CPR I what to do he said give CPR I what to do he said give CPR I said what is CPR you send me the video said what is CPR you send me the video said what is CPR you send me the video [laughs] of CPR [laughs] of CPR [laughs] of CPR two middle aged men two middle aged men two middle aged men licking each other's mouth. licking each other's mouth. licking each other's mouth. One of the middle-aged men was very One of the middle-aged men was very One of the middle-aged men was very sexy.  A bald, fat madman, both of them were sexy.  A bald, fat madman, both of them were sexy.  A bald, fat madman, both of them were wearing white clothes.  And there were also frameless glasses. wearing white clothes.  And there were also frameless glasses. wearing white clothes.  And there were also frameless glasses. Both were also from Gujarat.  So they [applause] are licking each other like this. So after watching that video I decided So after watching that video I decided So after watching that video I decided that it was a heart attack. that it was a heart attack. that it was a heart attack. I'm not licking his face. I'm not licking his face. I'm not licking his face. So I went to the medical store to buy Ecospin medicine. So I went to the medical store to buy Ecospin medicine. So I went to the medical store to buy Ecospin medicine. When I came back, friends, When I came back, friends, When I came back, friends, I told you one thing right now that I told you one thing right now that I told you one thing right now that something bad happens to you.  You think nothing can get something bad happens to you.  You think nothing can get something bad happens to you.  You think nothing can get worse than this.  It happens.  When worse than this.  It happens.  When worse than this.  It happens.  When I came back he was still having heart attacks. I came back he was still having heart attacks. I came back he was still having heart attacks. But in the middle of the heart attack, But in the middle of the heart attack, But in the middle of the heart attack, he was also bitten by a dog. This doesn't happen anywhere else.  We do it. This doesn't happen anywhere else.  We do it. This doesn't happen anywhere else.  We do it. [laughter] The beach is hard.  That dog is [laughter] The beach is hard.  That dog is [laughter] The beach is hard.  That dog is not the one that bites and runs away.  That's what a dog is not the one that bites and runs away.  That's what a dog is I clicked a photo and sent it to Chat Gibbity. I clicked a photo and sent it to Chat Gibbity. I clicked a photo and sent it to Chat Gibbity. How the dog has also bitten me.  Chat How the dog has also bitten me.  Chat How the dog has also bitten me.  Chat Gibiti said we won't be able to do it.  Please forgive me. Gibiti said we won't be able to do it.  Please forgive me. I kicked the dog and chased it away.  See I kicked the dog and chased it away.  See whenever you hit a dog in this country you know what happens you know what happens a whenever you hit a dog in this country you know what happens you know what happens a woman suddenly appears woman suddenly appears woman suddenly appears out of nowhere out of nowhere out of nowhere I feel these women hide ke baithe rehti I feel these women hide ke baithe rehti I feel these women hide ke baithe rehti hai divider pe ki atyachaan ho main pukka ho jaan as soon as I hai divider pe ki atyachaan ho main pukka ho jaan as soon as I hai divider pe ki atyachaan ho main pukka ho jaan as soon as I hit her she appears you must have seen hit her she appears you must have seen hit her she appears you must have seen those women wearing sports shoes under salwar kameez those women wearing sports shoes under salwar kameez those women wearing sports shoes under salwar kameez [applause] have short hair.  There is nasal tone. short hair.  There is nasal tone. short hair.  There is nasal tone. As soon as I came, I could see your values.  Are As soon as I came, I could see your values.  Are As soon as I came, I could see your values.  Are n't you ashamed?  You kicked a mute n't you ashamed?  You kicked a mute n't you ashamed?  You kicked a mute animal.  Are you ashamed? animal.  Are you ashamed? animal.  Are you ashamed? I said, Ma'am, that dog had bitten brother.  There is only I said, Ma'am, that dog had bitten brother.  There is only I said, Ma'am, that dog had bitten brother.  There is only one answer to these. one answer to these. one answer to these. He must have provoked it first.   The dog will provoke a heart attack.  [laughter] Must have dog will provoke a heart attack.  [laughter] Must have dog will provoke a heart attack.  [laughter] Must have provoked me.  That man who had a heart attack provoked me.  That man who had a heart attack provoked me.  That man who had a heart attack told me, the woman and the dog all three of us to go down.  You can't behave rudely like this. down.  You can't behave rudely like this. down.  You can't behave rudely like this. Then I remembered I have a car. Then I lifted him with someone's help. Then I lifted him with someone's help. Then I lifted him with someone's help. Lay him down on the back seat.  Now I am Lay him down on the back seat.  Now I am Lay him down on the back seat.  Now I am taking him to the hospital.  So I'm taking him to the hospital.  So I'm taking him to the hospital.  So I'm trying to go to the hospital.  There is another trying to go to the hospital.  There is another trying to go to the hospital.  There is another car moving in front of me.  There were five car moving in front of me.  There were five car moving in front of me.  There were five boys in it and they were drinking alcohol.  how know? boys in it and they were drinking alcohol.  how know? boys in it and they were drinking alcohol.  how know? He was out of the window.  And he had a He was out of the window.  And he had a He was out of the window.  And he had a bottle of liquor in his hand.  One was even out of the sunroof. bottle of liquor in his hand.  One was even out of the sunroof. bottle of liquor in his hand.  One was even out of the sunroof. So he was drinking.  And it wo So he was drinking.  And it wo So he was drinking.  And it wo n't let me go further.  He was driving the car like this. n't let me go further.  He was driving the car like this. n't let me go further.  He was driving the car like this. Like I [sound of clearing throat] Like I [sound of clearing throat] Like I [sound of clearing throat] try to come here, come here, try to come here try to come here, come here, try to come here try to come here, come here, try to come here , come here.  Then I saw there were , come here.  Then I saw there were , come here.  Then I saw there were police barricades.  I thought he would get caught police barricades.  I thought he would get caught police barricades.  I thought he would get caught now.  I was very happy.  As soon as the barricades now.  I was very happy.  As soon as the barricades now.  I was very happy.  As soon as the barricades came, the policeman extended his hand to stop them. came, the policeman extended his hand to stop them. came, the policeman extended his hand to stop them. Not making this up. Not making this up. Not making this up. Gave a high-five to the policeman Gave a high-five to the policeman Gave a high-five to the policeman and ran away.  [laughter] and ran away.  [laughter] and ran away.  [laughter] And I started crossing.  Stopped me. And I started crossing.  Stopped me. And I started crossing.  Stopped me. [laughter] Said roll down the window.  I did. [laughter] Said roll down the window.  I did. [laughter] Said roll down the window.  I did. He says blow on it.  I said He says blow on it.  I said He says blow on it.  I said why?  He says he wants to check whether you have consumed alcohol why?  He says he wants to check whether you have consumed alcohol why?  He says he wants to check whether you have consumed alcohol ?  I said, " ?  I said, " ?  I said, " You didn't check the car that went before me. He You didn't check the car that went before me. He You didn't check the car that went before me. He says he was definitely drunk." says he was definitely drunk." says he was definitely drunk." You're not sure. I said, "Sir, understand what You're not sure. I said, "Sir, understand what You're not sure. I said, "Sir, understand what I'm saying. There's a heart attack patient behind. I'm saying. There's a heart attack patient behind. I'm saying. There's a heart attack patient behind. He's having a heart attack. Do you know He's having a heart attack. Do you know He's having a heart attack. Do you know what the policeman told me? He what the policeman told me? He what the policeman told me? He told me he was having a heart attack. I said, ' told me he was having a heart attack. I said, ' told me he was having a heart attack. I said, ' Yes, you did.' [Laughter] I put my hand over his mouth and shook his heart. I put my hand over his mouth and shook his heart. I put my hand over his mouth and shook his heart. [Laughter] He says this is illegal. I said, 'Listen to me. says this is illegal. I said, 'Listen to me. says this is illegal. I said, 'Listen to me. Please listen to me. It's a natural Please listen to me. It's a natural Please listen to me. It's a natural heart attack.' Then another policeman came. He heart attack.' Then another policeman came. He heart attack.' Then another policeman came. He said, 'How do you know it's a heart attack? It could be a said, 'How do you know it's a heart attack? It could be a said, 'How do you know it's a heart attack? It could be a cardiac arrest.' I cardiac arrest.' I cardiac arrest.' I said, 'Yes, it could be.' He asked, ' said, 'Yes, it could be.' He asked, ' said, 'Yes, it could be.' He asked, ' What do you do then?' I said, 'Give CPR.' He said, 'Give it.' I said, 'I ca What do you do then?' I said, 'Give CPR.' He said, 'Give it.' I said, 'I ca n't.' He said, 'I'll give it.' I said, 'Give it.' He n't.' He said, 'I'll give it.' I said, 'Give it.' He n't.' He said, 'I'll give it.' I said, 'Give it.' He asked, 'How do you do it?' asked, 'How do you do it?' asked, 'How do you do it?' I showed him the video. I showed him the video. I showed him the video. After watching the video, he said, 'No, it's a heart After watching the video, he said, 'No, it's a heart After watching the video, he said, 'No, it's a heart attack. It's a attack. It's a attack. It's a heart attack.' [Prashant] So when I got to the hospital, I found out this So when I got to the hospital, I found out this So when I got to the hospital, I found out this man had gas. [laughter] I dropped him back where I picked him up. I dropped him back where I picked him up. I dropped him back where I picked him up. Exactly at the same point. [applause] He said, drop me home. I said, it does He said, drop me home. I said, it does He said, drop me home. I said, it does n't work like that. You had gas. [laughter] n't work like that. You had gas. [laughter] n't work like that. You had gas. [laughter] You overacted so much. Three days later, I was You overacted so much. Three days later, I was You overacted so much. Three days later, I was reading the newspaper. I saw that man's photo. reading the newspaper. I saw that man's photo. reading the newspaper. I saw that man's photo. I was so happy. I I was so happy. I I was so happy. I told my wife, look, I saved his life. told my wife, look, I saved his life. told my wife, look, I saved his life. She said, "You should read what's written." She said, "You should read what's written." She said, "You should read what's written." I read the newspaper. Friends, that man I read the newspaper. Friends, that man I read the newspaper. Friends, that man died of rabies. died of rabies. died of rabies.