Hey everyone, this is Elise Duxberry Hey everyone, this is Elise Duxberry Hey everyone, this is Elise Duxberry from CGT 346 with a product review for from CGT 346 with a product review for from CGT 346 with a product review for the K Clipch RF82 floor standing the K Clipch RF82 floor standing the K Clipch RF82 floor standing speakers. Today I will discuss an speakers. Today I will discuss an speakers. Today I will discuss an overview of the product, some of the overview of the product, some of the overview of the product, some of the details and specs, and give you an details and specs, and give you an details and specs, and give you an overall judgment of the speakers. The K Clipch RF82s are high speakers. The K Clipch RF82s are high speakers. The K Clipch RF82s are high performance speakers for surround sound performance speakers for surround sound performance speakers for surround sound home theaters and home stereo systems. They are a great choice for sound They are a great choice for sound They are a great choice for sound quality, whether the primary use is for quality, whether the primary use is for quality, whether the primary use is for music, your home theater, or for music, your home theater, or for music, your home theater, or for both. They come in black ash wood grain both. They come in black ash wood grain both. They come in black ash wood grain vinyl that matches well with most other vinyl that matches well with most other vinyl that matches well with most other home theater and stereo home theater and stereo home theater and stereo equipment. These speakers come with equipment. These speakers come with equipment. These speakers come with magnetically removable grills, which magnetically removable grills, which magnetically removable grills, which make for a sleek design whether you make for a sleek design whether you make for a sleek design whether you leave them on or leave them on or leave them on or off. Each speaker weighs 66 lb, is 43.6 off. Each speaker weighs 66 lb, is 43.6 off. Each speaker weighs 66 lb, is 43.6 6 in tall, 9.5 in wide, and 16.25 in 6 in tall, 9.5 in wide, and 16.25 in 6 in tall, 9.5 in wide, and 16.25 in deep. deep. deep. The dual binding post in the back allow The dual binding post in the back allow The dual binding post in the back allow you to buy wire or by amp the speakers, you to buy wire or by amp the speakers, you to buy wire or by amp the speakers, and also allow for simple hookup. and also allow for simple hookup. and also allow for simple hookup. The dual rear firing ports allow air to The dual rear firing ports allow air to The dual rear firing ports allow air to flow in and out of the speakers, which flow in and out of the speakers, which flow in and out of the speakers, which minimizes distortion and provides great minimizes distortion and provides great minimizes distortion and provides great bass even without an additional bass even without an additional bass even without an additional subwoofer. subwoofer. subwoofer. The dual 8-in woofers and horn-loaded The dual 8-in woofers and horn-loaded The dual 8-in woofers and horn-loaded tweeter provide unsurpassed sound tweeter provide unsurpassed sound tweeter provide unsurpassed sound quality. And with the speaker's cone quality. And with the speaker's cone quality. And with the speaker's cone design, distortion is also prevented. design, distortion is also prevented. design, distortion is also prevented. Behind the horn is a 1-in tweeter, Behind the horn is a 1-in tweeter, Behind the horn is a 1-in tweeter, separating high frequencies from the separating high frequencies from the separating high frequencies from the mid-ranges, which also provides the mid-ranges, which also provides the mid-ranges, which also provides the listener with clean sound and minimal listener with clean sound and minimal listener with clean sound and minimal distortion. These floor standing distortion. These floor standing distortion. These floor standing speakers can handle an intense amount of speakers can handle an intense amount of speakers can handle an intense amount of power, 150 W RMS, 600 W peak. They'll power, 150 W RMS, 600 W peak. They'll power, 150 W RMS, 600 W peak. They'll rumble your seat during a movie and rumble your seat during a movie and rumble your seat during a movie and shake your walls when you're jamming to shake your walls when you're jamming to shake your walls when you're jamming to music. Whether listening to music from music. Whether listening to music from music. Whether listening to music from your iPod or watching an explosion in your iPod or watching an explosion in your iPod or watching an explosion in your favorite action movie, these your favorite action movie, these your favorite action movie, these speakers provide sound that make you speakers provide sound that make you speakers provide sound that make you feel like you're experiencing it feel like you're experiencing it feel like you're experiencing it live. The dual speakers and tweeter live. The dual speakers and tweeter live. The dual speakers and tweeter provide the pure sound you were intended provide the pure sound you were intended provide the pure sound you were intended to to to hear. The Klitchch RF82s are highly hear. The Klitchch RF82s are highly hear. The Klitchch RF82s are highly efficient speakers. With the use of less efficient speakers. With the use of less efficient speakers. With the use of less power, they are able to amplify sound power, they are able to amplify sound power, they are able to amplify sound louder than other competitor speakers. louder than other competitor speakers. louder than other competitor speakers. Sometimes the horn tweeter can make Sometimes the horn tweeter can make Sometimes the horn tweeter can make sounds harsh. But this provides sounds harsh. But this provides sounds harsh. But this provides untampered sound quality, which actually untampered sound quality, which actually untampered sound quality, which actually make these ideal speakers for your make these ideal speakers for your make these ideal speakers for your surround sound home theater surround sound home theater surround sound home theater system. They come with a 5-year system. They come with a 5-year system. They come with a 5-year warranty, but many retail dealers extend warranty, but many retail dealers extend warranty, but many retail dealers extend the warranty for the lifetime of the the warranty for the lifetime of the the warranty for the lifetime of the speakers, which is a testament to their speakers, which is a testament to their speakers, which is a testament to their quality. The Klitchch RF82 floor quality. The Klitchch RF82 floor quality. The Klitchch RF82 floor standing speakers are the best choice if standing speakers are the best choice if standing speakers are the best choice if you want a quality product that will you want a quality product that will you want a quality product that will give you intense sound. give you intense sound. give you intense sound. Although these speakers are pricey, they Although these speakers are pricey, they Although these speakers are pricey, they come back with a fantastic warranty that come back with a fantastic warranty that come back with a fantastic warranty that makes it well worth the money. After makes it well worth the money. After makes it well worth the money. After personally experiencing blowing the personally experiencing blowing the personally experiencing blowing the tweeters last year from rocking out a tweeters last year from rocking out a tweeters last year from rocking out a little too hard, Clips replace both little too hard, Clips replace both little too hard, Clips replace both blown tweeters free of blown tweeters free of blown tweeters free of charge. They just released the RF82 charge. They just released the RF82 charge. They just released the RF82 twos, which are the newest version of twos, which are the newest version of twos, which are the newest version of the speakers. Now in their fifth the speakers. Now in their fifth the speakers. Now in their fifth generation, the speakers have generation, the speakers have generation, the speakers have re-engineered drivers and a new re-engineered drivers and a new re-engineered drivers and a new crossover system. crossover system. crossover system. They sport the new logo and are offered They sport the new logo and are offered They sport the new logo and are offered in a new cherry wood grain vinyl in a new cherry wood grain vinyl in a new cherry wood grain vinyl finish. So, if you want a great product finish. So, if you want a great product finish. So, if you want a great product that's backed with an awesome warranty that's backed with an awesome warranty that's backed with an awesome warranty and provide quality sound for your music and provide quality sound for your music and provide quality sound for your music and movie entertainment, I would highly and movie entertainment, I would highly and movie entertainment, I would highly recommend these recommend these recommend these speakers. This was a product review for speakers. This was a product review for speakers. This was a product review for CGT 346. I'm Elise Duxberry and thanks CGT 346. I'm Elise Duxberry and thanks CGT 346. I'm Elise Duxberry and thanks for watching.