Hey everyone, this is Elise Duxberry
from CGT 346 with a product review for
the K Clipch RF82 floor standing
speakers. Today I will discuss an
overview of the product, some of the
details and specs, and give you an
overall judgment of the
speakers. The K Clipch RF82s are high
performance speakers for surround sound
home theaters and home stereo systems.
They are a great choice for sound
quality, whether the primary use is for
music, your home theater, or for
both. They come in black ash wood grain
vinyl that matches well with most other
home theater and stereo
equipment. These speakers come with
magnetically removable grills, which
make for a sleek design whether you
leave them on or
off. Each speaker weighs 66 lb, is 43.6
6 in tall, 9.5 in wide, and 16.25 in
deep.
The dual binding post in the back allow
you to buy wire or by amp the speakers,
and also allow for simple hookup.
The dual rear firing ports allow air to
flow in and out of the speakers, which
minimizes distortion and provides great
bass even without an additional
subwoofer.
The dual 8-in woofers and horn-loaded
tweeter provide unsurpassed sound
quality. And with the speaker's cone
design, distortion is also prevented.
Behind the horn is a 1-in tweeter,
separating high frequencies from the
mid-ranges, which also provides the
listener with clean sound and minimal
distortion. These floor standing
speakers can handle an intense amount of
power, 150 W RMS, 600 W peak. They'll
rumble your seat during a movie and
shake your walls when you're jamming to
music. Whether listening to music from
your iPod or watching an explosion in
your favorite action movie, these
speakers provide sound that make you
feel like you're experiencing it
live. The dual speakers and tweeter
provide the pure sound you were intended
to
hear. The Klitchch RF82s are highly
efficient speakers. With the use of less
power, they are able to amplify sound
louder than other competitor speakers.
Sometimes the horn tweeter can make
sounds harsh. But this provides
untampered sound quality, which actually
make these ideal speakers for your
surround sound home theater
system. They come with a 5-year
warranty, but many retail dealers extend
the warranty for the lifetime of the
speakers, which is a testament to their
quality. The Klitchch RF82 floor
standing speakers are the best choice if
you want a quality product that will
give you intense sound.
Although these speakers are pricey, they
come back with a fantastic warranty that
makes it well worth the money. After
personally experiencing blowing the
tweeters last year from rocking out a
little too hard, Clips replace both
blown tweeters free of
charge. They just released the RF82
twos, which are the newest version of
the speakers. Now in their fifth
generation, the speakers have
re-engineered drivers and a new
crossover system.
They sport the new logo and are offered
in a new cherry wood grain vinyl
finish. So, if you want a great product
that's backed with an awesome warranty
and provide quality sound for your music
and movie entertainment, I would highly
recommend these
speakers. This was a product review for
CGT 346. I'm Elise Duxberry and thanks
for watching.
