Come and make my lunch with me for Come and make my lunch with me for Come and make my lunch with me for school. It's already 8:02, so I kind of school. It's already 8:02, so I kind of school. It's already 8:02, so I kind of have to hurry up because I still have to have to hurry up because I still have to have to hurry up because I still have to have some breakfast. Anyways, we're have some breakfast. Anyways, we're have some breakfast. Anyways, we're going to start off with my snacks first. going to start off with my snacks first. going to start off with my snacks first. I've just recently been putting these I've just recently been putting these I've just recently been putting these veggie crisps in. They're literally so veggie crisps in. They're literally so veggie crisps in. They're literally so good. So, I'm going to put them in this good. So, I'm going to put them in this good. So, I'm going to put them in this smaller pouch. I guess we'll just finish smaller pouch. I guess we'll just finish smaller pouch. I guess we'll just finish off this packet. They're in there. Now, off this packet. They're in there. Now, off this packet. They're in there. Now, we're going to add some fruit. we're going to add some fruit. we're going to add some fruit. Blueberries and strawberries. Let me go Blueberries and strawberries. Let me go Blueberries and strawberries. Let me go quickly wash them. Also, when I pick up quickly wash them. Also, when I pick up quickly wash them. Also, when I pick up my blueberries, I like to pick the my blueberries, I like to pick the my blueberries, I like to pick the non-squishy ones. K, blueberries going non-squishy ones. K, blueberries going non-squishy ones. K, blueberries going in. And then I'm also going to cut the in. And then I'm also going to cut the in. And then I'm also going to cut the strawberries. K, my next two snacks are just going to K, my next two snacks are just going to K, my next two snacks are just going to go in this little compartment. I pack a go in this little compartment. I pack a go in this little compartment. I pack a cheese stick and then also this muesli cheese stick and then also this muesli cheese stick and then also this muesli bar. So, that's all my recess. Now, bar. So, that's all my recess. Now, bar. So, that's all my recess. Now, let's pack my lunch. I hate like packing let's pack my lunch. I hate like packing let's pack my lunch. I hate like packing my lunch trying to find like what to eat my lunch trying to find like what to eat my lunch trying to find like what to eat for lunch. I've just resorted in a for lunch. I've just resorted in a for lunch. I've just resorted in a Vegemite wrap. Let's wrap this up. Let's wrap this up. Let's wrap this up. And here is what my lunch looks like. And here is what my lunch looks like. And here is what my lunch looks like. Now, I'm just going to place this on the Now, I'm just going to place this on the Now, I'm just going to place this on the top and we're all good to go. Hope you top and we're all good to go. Hope you top and we're all good to go. Hope you guys all enjoyed this video. Bye, guys.