WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? WHAT THE WHAT THE WHAT THE I BOUGHT A STILETTO comb on amazon.de I BOUGHT A STILETTO comb on amazon.de I BOUGHT A STILETTO comb on amazon.de and today I'm going to unbox it and of and today I'm going to unbox it and of and today I'm going to unbox it and of course review it. course review it. course review it. So So So I've got the package. I've got the I've got the package. I've got the I've got the package. I've got the package. Okay guys, so this is the package. Okay guys, so this is the package. Okay guys, so this is the Amazon package that it was delivered in. Amazon package that it was delivered in. Amazon package that it was delivered in. Uh it's stiletto comb if you want it Uh it's stiletto comb if you want it Uh it's stiletto comb if you want it just go into the description. just go into the description. just go into the description. I'm so dumb. Okay, so Uh I'm so dumb. Okay, so Uh I'm so dumb. Okay, so Uh I just crossed out some of the personal I just crossed out some of the personal I just crossed out some of the personal information so you guys don't know where information so you guys don't know where information so you guys don't know where I live cuz you know since I'm so famous I live cuz you know since I'm so famous I live cuz you know since I'm so famous everyone will want to come to my house. everyone will want to come to my house. everyone will want to come to my house. Okay, so um yeah, I've already opened it Okay, so um yeah, I've already opened it Okay, so um yeah, I've already opened it just to make sure that there's no other just to make sure that there's no other just to make sure that there's no other personal information here. personal information here. personal information here. Uh there's only this box in here which Uh there's only this box in here which Uh there's only this box in here which I've already looked at. And this is the I've already looked at. And this is the I've already looked at. And this is the only personal information that is still only personal information that is still only personal information that is still on the box. on the box. on the box. See it? I don't know what it says on See it? I don't know what it says on See it? I don't know what it says on there. It's kind of it's ripped off so there. It's kind of it's ripped off so there. It's kind of it's ripped off so is that itch blade comb part what part? is that itch blade comb part what part? is that itch blade comb part what part? Patin and that looks like Chinese to me. Patin and that looks like Chinese to me. Patin and that looks like Chinese to me. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. That that's a good way to mean it. That that's a good way to mean it. That that's a good way to mean it. Also uh I've actually got some footage Also uh I've actually got some footage Also uh I've actually got some footage of the postman arriving and giving me of the postman arriving and giving me of the postman arriving and giving me this amazing package in the crate. So uh this amazing package in the crate. So uh this amazing package in the crate. So uh yeah, if you want to see that I'll just yeah, if you want to see that I'll just yeah, if you want to see that I'll just quickly show it here. quickly show it here. quickly show it here. Okay. Okay. Okay. This seems to be This seems to be This seems to be uh the house uh Spinjitzu. FedEx. And so yeah. FedEx. And so yeah. FedEx. And so yeah. Let's open this thing. Oh, okay. That wasn't the best opening. Oh, okay. That wasn't the best opening. Oh, okay. That wasn't the best opening. Okay, so this is the Okay, so this is the Okay, so this is the thing. thing. thing. Let's put that over there. Just make Let's put that over there. Just make Let's put that over there. Just make sure there's nothing else in the sure there's nothing else in the sure there's nothing else in the package. Okay. package. Okay. package. Okay. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. And so this is the knife comb, I guess. And so this is the knife comb, I guess. And so this is the knife comb, I guess. So, uh it looks like there's actually a So, uh it looks like there's actually a So, uh it looks like there's actually a screw missing there. I'm not sure if you screw missing there. I'm not sure if you screw missing there. I'm not sure if you can can can see that. Of course, you can see that. see that. Of course, you can see that. see that. Of course, you can see that. And I'm not sure if that's part of the And I'm not sure if that's part of the And I'm not sure if that's part of the design or whatever. design or whatever. design or whatever. But, the rest of the screws are in as But, the rest of the screws are in as But, the rest of the screws are in as well. So, yeah. well. So, yeah. well. So, yeah. Uh I don't know how you open this. Uh I don't know how you open this. Uh I don't know how you open this. I I guess it's one of the buttons here. I I guess it's one of the buttons here. I I guess it's one of the buttons here. Okay, this one goes down. 3 2 1 Wait. Wait. Wait. Oh, there's a pin here. Oh, there's a pin here. Oh, there's a pin here. Okay, so That is so violent when it opens. Just That is so violent when it opens. Just That is so violent when it opens. Just watch this. watch this. watch this. Let me put that in slow motion quickly. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, so uh I guess Okay, so uh I guess Okay, so uh I guess it opens pretty well. it opens pretty well. it opens pretty well. And I guess to put And to put it back And I guess to put And to put it back And I guess to put And to put it back in, you just in, you just in, you just push that down. push that down. push that down. Then, you can just put it back there. Then, you can just put it back there. Then, you can just put it back there. So, I guess you just So, I guess you just So, I guess you just Yeah, so that's kind of cool. Yeah, so that's kind of cool. Yeah, so that's kind of cool. It's pretty straight. It's pretty straight. It's pretty straight. If you can see that, guys. Pretty If you can see that, guys. Pretty If you can see that, guys. Pretty straight. straight. straight. It's also made out of hard steel, which It's also made out of hard steel, which It's also made out of hard steel, which is pretty cool as well. is pretty cool as well. is pretty cool as well. And I guess to lock it, you just And I guess to lock it, you just And I guess to lock it, you just Okay, yeah, that's how you lock it. Okay, yeah, that's how you lock it. Okay, yeah, that's how you lock it. That's pretty nice. That's pretty nice. That's pretty nice. And so, yeah. I think I'm just going to And so, yeah. I think I'm just going to And so, yeah. I think I'm just going to quickly Wait, can you use this as a quickly Wait, can you use this as a quickly Wait, can you use this as a catapult? I'm now so curious about this. catapult? I'm now so curious about this. catapult? I'm now so curious about this. Oh, come on. Can you use this as a Oh, come on. Can you use this as a Oh, come on. Can you use this as a catapult, though? catapult, though? catapult, though? Oh god, you can. Yes, you can. I nearly Oh god, you can. Yes, you can. I nearly Oh god, you can. Yes, you can. I nearly just shattered my screen. just shattered my screen. just shattered my screen. Okay. So, Okay. So, Okay. So, uh yeah, I'm just going to quickly test uh yeah, I'm just going to quickly test uh yeah, I'm just going to quickly test this on an apple. Okay, so I didn't have this on an apple. Okay, so I didn't have this on an apple. Okay, so I didn't have any apples, you know, healthy. But, I do any apples, you know, healthy. But, I do any apples, you know, healthy. But, I do have have have carrots. Oh, yeah. Okay, 3 carrots. Oh, yeah. Okay, 3 carrots. Oh, yeah. Okay, 3 2 1 Okay, so that was the end of the video. Okay, so that was the end of the video. Okay, so that was the end of the video. If you want one of these, just get them If you want one of these, just get them If you want one of these, just get them in the description. in the description. in the description. How about you just watch my other How about you just watch my other How about you just watch my other unboxing videos, which I'm going to put unboxing videos, which I'm going to put unboxing videos, which I'm going to put on screen right now, and also up there. on screen right now, and also up there. on screen right now, and also up there. And yeah, guys. And yeah, guys. And yeah, guys. Bye.