Bad luck to that girl who makes such a scene before
coming into this [sound of clearing throat] house
that we will implicate you in a false case.
Just say sorry [sound of clearing throat] and the matter will be over.
Yes sister, I am sorry.
What rude thing did you say at 7:00 in the morning that
your sister refused?
Tell me, have you eaten food once today? If you do
n't sleep then how will you sleep? The bus I was
sitting in was a sleeper.
Poor Sonu has come, friend.
Came.
What a long and wide journey. Come on, you
guys. He has a
complete hand in this.
I don't have a hand in it. Shut up, do
n't spoil my mind. People keep so much of that in their mouth
and become
nosey, so what, that is what happened, that is what happened
whatever your feelings are for
20-22 hours, tell me in surprise without agreeing,
meaning
forgive me,
whatever your feelings are, say it
in Hindi, okay, what is the
feeling, now you are angry with Baba, what should I do, I
mean, I have eaten food only once today,
no, no,
if I tell that girl again and again to the poor guy that
give me the money for the ticket and his travel, then the person who called him will cry. I am coming after
spending ₹2000.
Yes
brother, I am not looking at money. I am
seeing his struggle brother.
Actually I am not watching it either.
Poor guy, there was neither bus nor train to go there.
And I sent it.
Look, let me explain a matter. So
the matter is this was gone. Ginni
spoke to someone on the phone and said that yes, she
wants to come here to work. He was helpless.
So Ginny said okay. It is like this and
she was from Raxaul. Ok? So, we
sent this Raxal to bring him. And when
he reached there, after a lot of struggle,
Raxal covered almost 200 km. It is from here. So,
from here I went to Patna, from Patna I went by bus, right? He is
saying that he is in pain. He
went by bus from Patna and reached there in about 8-10 hours
, and when he reaches there, the
woman says no, I don't want to go with you anymore.
What happened? I have to go
, my brother will also come with me.
My brother will also come with me. So Ginni
said, if you already had a brother, then you could have brought him
directly.
Why did I have to send someone to bring you
safely? Now as soon as I said this, she got angry. She is
saying that I am not feeling safe.
I will not come. Hey friend,
we should not feel safe because the whole
world is watching us. Now the one who is coming from there,
whose name is Vam, who has no address, who has nothing.
Thinking that she did not have a husband,
I helped her. And brother, how
rudely her brother spoke to me on the phone.
What are you saying? You people must be from
somewhere, this is not our concern and I
woke up in my sleep and I felt so bad that
friend, where did I get so much control from, I
mean on anyone, you thought that let's do
good to her and when he went to do good to her,
when he reached there after travelling so much, she
said that now I will not go with you, it
means it does not matter to them that from
how far this boy travelled to reach there
and now she is saying that go back.
What did you encounter on the way
?
Look, when we went first, there was a
problem here, Baba went to drop us, then we went to
Danapur, as soon as we were climbing there,
his tyre got punctured, so it took an hour there,
then we heard that when we went there, they were
saying that it will be repaired in an hour, the bus took
two hours there, got stuck
in traffic jam for 3 hours, reached there at 7:00,
this story which you are telling has started
from yesterday evening
and this is the story of last night, which
means tonight, when you people
reached there in the morning, the shawls came off, then said
hello, yes we have reached, so
how much time did it take to reach
there, it took us 9 hours to
go from here, yes then we reached, friend,
you had left at 6:00, Sonu, and you
reached at 7:00 in the morning, so how is it 9 hours,
overall it took 12 hours, but you are
telling it only like for the travel, how many
hours did it take, then when we reached Raksal, they
said come to the junction, so we went to the junction,
waited for 1 hour there, then they said Bhaiya, we are
coming immediately in 20-25 minutes, then
waited for an hour at the station,
yes, then asked there whether it was right or not, then you come, there was
a station here, a bus station, so come there. When
those people came there, they said that
let's go by B, so we called Baba, I did not have a
big phone, otherwise we would
put the scanner and say Baba, put the wheel of the ticket,
then they are saying
that we will not go now, let me
talk to Baba, so
now they talked to Ginni,
she mentioned in the video what Ginni had done, then those people got into a
problem that do you know why she mentioned it, so
they just talked on the phone, earlier they were
very arrogant, now they are talking that okay
sorry
tell me, hey, right now you are talking by calling me Didi, no no,
now listen listen listen, I should never get involved
in your foolish life
because I have more important work to do than talking to you people.
Okay, you are able to talk
to me for two minutes because of your sister because she showed
me her poster of a helpless woman.
Correct? I did not force anything.
I booked a ticket and sent my son
there. Your sister refused. Should
I send the recording? I just
said this. I asked why his brother was coming
? Till yesterday he did not have any brother.
This was my word. Correct.
Correct. After that, see, tell me one thing. I
myself am the same girl who told your sister to do
one thing.
Come with your mother. Come with your uncle.
Come with your brother.
Ok. So how did I become a fraud? He
thinks I am crazy.
You and your sister have emptied my skull.
Why not do it for a month? How
rudely did you talk to me at 7:00 in the morning? Now the call came again here. Please
say sorry. The matter will just end.
Okay, please say sorry to sister. If
you don't say anything, please say it.
Yes sister, I am sorry. Let's end the whole thing.
Whatever happened, happened.
Ok. Ok.
Brother,
he is saying sorry right now. What were you saying earlier that
you are making videos on us just for a few views.
We will also make it on you, friend.
Sir, we upload only that
in our videos which happens to us in our regular life.
Now who will explain to these people? It is
said that how can some people remain so dependent on a person, at the same
level, the kind of
act that you are doing, the
boy went after struggling so much and it was our generosity that
we sent you there to bring you and
even after that, what are you showing after reaching there
? It's
fine now. So much happened. I
spoke rudely to his brother. I said that
I thought that maybe I should ask a question like
why is his brother coming? Should have come earlier. I made a
mistake by asking this question. No
one would have to send him, the poor guy would not have
suffered so much.
So I said, hey brother, if you felt bad then I am
sorry for that. But we did talk to your sister. In
this way he said that I have no
one. So obviously
a question will come to my mind that he had no
one. How is one brother coming along yet
?
Call four days.
Yes. His mother and he have been talking continuously for four days.
This happened. Then
listen after that. What happened was that I said
okay you don't have to come. No problem, you
go to your home. I came to my home.
I am continuously getting messages from that girl every four minutes asking
what do you think?
How can you tell why her brother
is coming? Our family did not come. He talked a lot of
nonsense and I kept ignoring it, kept doing it
, kept doing it. After that I said, look, I do
n't have as much brain as you. Please
stop messaging me. If you don't want to come now then
why are you messaging? Let me
clear one more thing. She was our
subscriber. Isn't it?
Yes.
She would only watch our video. She was
after me for the last two months. It is
okay that you have to come, you have to come,
I showed mercy because again I am saying that they have
neither a father nor a husband, they have a mother and a
daughter, that's it, she, her mother, she
and her daughter,
and tell your struggle, come on, I
understood your story, right?
Tell the audience your struggle, then how do you reach there and come back,
then Baba said, listen, what do
you do, come back, come
back, yes, then Baba's f,
then we cannot sleep anywhere, from where, from where,
then at 10:30 the bus
arrived here sitting in an open bus, not at 10:30 in the night, at 10:30 in the day, at 10:00, we reached here at 6:00, so we could
not sleep, where would you sleep, we were sitting in the bus, it was a
sleeper,
why did you get angry because I was
talking to him continuously, I have
said a little in V Pandey's vlog that I feel like
catching such fraud people and
beating them, brother, he is
like our child. Ok? He is a
family member of our house. Whatever work we are not able to do
or we are not able to go for any work
, then Sonu, I mean if
tomorrow it happens that we have to
collect one lakh rupees cash from somewhere and we are not
able to go, then apart from my Shivam Mangal, no one else will go to
collect it. This is our
family member. Seeing his struggle,
I stopped messaging him. After that
I said, sister, if you did not want to come then
why did you waste so much of our time?
So brother, that girl got angry and
what did she do to me after getting angry? I sent so many messages and voice
messages that you people are educated, so do you
think that we are illiterate and hence we will
not be able to do anything. We wasted time.
Why did you say that? I mean, it's nonsense. That's why
my brain got shaken and I
said so much in With Pandey. And I
uploaded this blog with Pandey.
After that I am getting calls from his brother, maternal uncle and paternal uncle. Are you
saying that we will
trap you in a false case? Wrong case
means that you were calling the girl by luring her.
I have the entire recording of how
you were luring the girl and were going to call
her to you and sell her.
Hey, his own brother is speaking.
These are corrupt people. Corruption everywhere. Yes brother, please
tell me your entire struggle. Then after that
what happened was that when you called Baba,
you put in the money and he gave you bamboo and I had
some money from that, I had Rs.
100-150 left, so when I came, I had to pay the fare there,
what should I
eat Baba, when I put in Rs. 200, what should I eat, what should I eat, I ate
litti there and after that there
was chowmein, so I ate chowmein, but what should I eat, I was not feeling hungry, I should not
sleep, I am not sleeping, I am going to sleep after taking a bath,
hey, sleep here, there is
food in front, Sonu has prepared it, I will
take a bath, it was a whole heat,
travelling for 24 hours, so if you are watching the video, then
see this, this is the struggle this
boy went through, usually we
[sound of clearing throat] do not give so much value to people,
but keeping in mind your situation,
we thought of doing something for
you, but instead of doing this, you
ruined the struggle of this poor guy, you were being
noticed for a long time, by
someone in our family, I mean by
them, so bad luck
Ever since he dyed his hair brown. I am not so unlucky.
One minute,
one minute, let me explain one thing.
Bad luck to that girl
[sound of clearing throat] who
makes such a scene before coming to this house. Otherwise,
first of all, she would not have come to this house. She would
not have lived a luxurious life till now
nor would she have got it in this house. So
that girl has bad luck.
I was paying him double the salary that Mangal used to get for a minute.
Ok. Plus I will bear all the travel
expenses, everything, clothes etc.
Yes, absolutely, exactly, this is what
I was going to tell you all
because there was a discussion going on about Ginni for the last two-three
days that he was coming,
yes, exactly, this so and so,
we just left the work and went here,
yes, brother, leaving him in the middle of the work,
leaving him in the middle of a dog house, what all did we do
when the dog
house was being built, I played a major role in it,
this morning I lost my mind, it came to the
point of cutting the plank, you know, I
lost my mind so much, literally, I am telling you, a
lot of work was lost because of his absence,
but now it is
just because
of Ginni Baba, we went, so we were going, you were
seeing, no, he went to the
myrobalan yesterday also, it is not that he went
casually, he went with full planning,
no, he went straight to the myrobalan,
I had kept the tea boiling and we left the burning tea on the
gas and went to take it off,
this topic Before concluding, I
want to give a warning to all those people
who can or are going to do such things to us in the future.
Brother,
if anyone misbehaves with
us or any member of our family in this manner again, the
consequences will be very bad for him. I have
everything from his address to his phone number, his maternal uncle, paternal uncle's Aadhar card.
I can put it in if I want. But
I don't have such a dirty and degraded thinking. Ok
? Secondly, whether it is a subscriber or
anything else, if our drone comes over your house,
your drone will break brother. So do
n't do this because it has happened two-three times.
Now we are giving a warning. If
you people do not follow this warning then it will be
bad, so do not comment for us
because we are requesting and
also threatening you not to do all this.
No, that's right. And you people should also learn from this
that there are such people in the world.
So don't do such things. And it
may be fun for you to
refuse someone. He is coming from such a long distance, what all he has done
, what he has endured.
You did not see his struggle. So this is the thing.
Rest we did not want to make a video on this topic.
But in the end I had to give this message
to you people and this is important. So there are
still people like this left, in fact there are a
lot of people like this. But we want
you people to improve, improve now otherwise
you will keep getting worse day by day and moreover, you did so much
today, so much tomorrow, so much the day after tomorrow, where will you go,
that thing felt very bad. I am
seeing how this happened, leave it
brother, do you know what I meant,
how is your pain? Do
n't ask about the pain, what should I tear apart now?
Sorry audience, we don't know about this,
it's a real problem, it's actually a real
problem, you can guess if you want, the
rest of the work is going on in the dog house, see you,
our only purpose of making this video was to
tell you what all has happened to
us and it was so much hard work, so I thought it is
very important to tell you. Ok? See
you next in the next video. Thanks for
watching. Do subscribe. Bye-bye.
