I heard that Chef Handy's baby food processor is I heard that Chef Handy's baby food processor is I heard that Chef Handy's baby food processor is a product review, and I've been a product review, and I've been getting a lot of messages getting a lot of messages getting a lot of messages asking about this product, asking about this product, asking about this product, how is it, is it good, and if I how is it, is it good, and if I how is it, is it good, and if I can review it, I can review it, I can review it, I thought I'd thought I'd share it with you after using it personally. share it with you after using it personally. I've been using it for three to four months now, and it's been very I've been using it for three to four months now, and it's been very I've been using it for three to four months now, and it's been very helpful to me. I helpful to me. I thought I'd do a review. I heard that it's thought I'd do a review. I heard that it's a very easy and convenient food processor that we can do things with. Now, we can a very easy and convenient food processor that we can do things with. Now, we can a very easy and convenient food processor that we can do things with. Now, we can sterilize it, sterilize it, sterilize it, steam it, and according to the steam it, and according to the steam it, and according to the consistency of the baby's food, we have consistency of the baby's food, we have consistency of the baby's food, we have auto blending and auto blending and auto blending and manual blending. And what can I manual blending. And what can I manual blending. And what can I say, we can also warm it, say, we can also warm it, say, we can also warm it, so everything is available to us in one place. Do you so everything is available to us in one place. Do you know what other features it has? We can not only blend know what other features it has? We can not only blend know what other features it has? We can not only blend fruits and vegetables, but also fruits and vegetables, but also fruits and vegetables, but also meat in this blender.  There meat in this blender.  There meat in this blender.  There is also an option that can be used for fish and chicken. I have just is also an option that can be used for fish and chicken. I have just is also an option that can be used for fish and chicken. I have just taken carrots here. taken carrots here. taken carrots here. We steamed them and blended the We steamed them and blended the We steamed them and blended the carrots in that bowl. It is carrots in that bowl. It is carrots in that bowl. It is so so so convenient for us. Apart from this food convenient for us. Apart from this food convenient for us. Apart from this food processor, we do not processor, we do not processor, we do not need any other utensils. need any other utensils. need any other utensils. Then I will say that if we are a working mom, it would be Then I will say that if we are a working mom, it would be very good for you to buy this food processor because it will be an very good for you to buy this food processor because it will be an very good for you to buy this food processor because it will be an extra pair of hands for you. extra pair of hands for you. extra pair of hands for you. Okay, then Okay, then Okay, then I will mention the link to purchase here. I will mention the link to purchase here. I will mention the link to purchase here. See you.