Bam, how you doing? So, finally, we are Bam, how you doing? So, finally, we are Bam, how you doing? So, finally, we are here in order to be able to show you the here in order to be able to show you the here in order to be able to show you the product I've been saying on my channel product I've been saying on my channel product I've been saying on my channel for a little while from the kind folks for a little while from the kind folks for a little while from the kind folks at Spooky2. Now, because we are at Spooky2. Now, because we are at Spooky2. Now, because we are spiritual on this channel and we do a spiritual on this channel and we do a spiritual on this channel and we do a lot of meditating, we do a lot of aura lot of meditating, we do a lot of aura lot of meditating, we do a lot of aura healing, healing, healing, chakra healing, negative thinking, this chakra healing, negative thinking, this chakra healing, negative thinking, this machine is classed as basically your machine is classed as basically your machine is classed as basically your soulmate. soulmate. soulmate. Through this channel, we obviously deal Through this channel, we obviously deal Through this channel, we obviously deal with frequencies and what we feel with frequencies and what we feel with frequencies and what we feel empathically empathically empathically from our soulmates and from our from our soulmates and from our from our soulmates and from our soul groups of people that when we're soul groups of people that when we're soul groups of people that when we're going through our karma, things can get going through our karma, things can get going through our karma, things can get very difficult and our auras can be very difficult and our auras can be very difficult and our auras can be blocked and we can feel a lot of blocked and we can feel a lot of blocked and we can feel a lot of blockages and a lot of negative thinking blockages and a lot of negative thinking blockages and a lot of negative thinking and we go through a lot of stuff when and we go through a lot of stuff when and we go through a lot of stuff when we're spiritual but when we're human in we're spiritual but when we're human in we're spiritual but when we're human in general, right? So, the kind folks at general, right? So, the kind folks at general, right? So, the kind folks at Spooky2 have sent over this product for Spooky2 have sent over this product for Spooky2 have sent over this product for me to review and they've also given me me to review and they've also given me me to review and they've also given me quite a bit of time in order to be able quite a bit of time in order to be able quite a bit of time in order to be able to do it because of my unfortunate to do it because of my unfortunate to do it because of my unfortunate accident I did predict of when I hit a accident I did predict of when I hit a accident I did predict of when I hit a deer and I've had to buy a new car and deer and I've had to buy a new car and deer and I've had to buy a new car and everything else but they have been so everything else but they have been so everything else but they have been so kind to me by giving me extra time in kind to me by giving me extra time in kind to me by giving me extra time in order to review it and actually test out order to review it and actually test out order to review it and actually test out the product. the product. the product. So, after this part of where I show you So, after this part of where I show you So, after this part of where I show you what you get with the beginners what you get with the beginners what you get with the beginners package, okay, and there will also be a package, okay, and there will also be a package, okay, and there will also be a link provided below for you that will link provided below for you that will link provided below for you that will give you offer I think it's 4 or 5% not give you offer I think it's 4 or 5% not give you offer I think it's 4 or 5% not really sure it's one or the other. Think really sure it's one or the other. Think really sure it's one or the other. Think it's 5% but it will be a discount code it's 5% but it will be a discount code it's 5% but it will be a discount code that is below this video, okay, that is below this video, okay, that is below this video, okay, that you can click on and you can go that you can click on and you can go that you can click on and you can go over to the site and take a look. It over to the site and take a look. It over to the site and take a look. It will more than likely be where you have will more than likely be where you have will more than likely be where you have to put in the discount code and they to put in the discount code and they to put in the discount code and they will give you a discount on your product will give you a discount on your product will give you a discount on your product and what you buy. You can actually buy and what you buy. You can actually buy and what you buy. You can actually buy individual pieces, you don't have to individual pieces, you don't have to individual pieces, you don't have to like buy the whole set because there are like buy the whole set because there are like buy the whole set because there are different packages and different sets of different packages and different sets of different packages and different sets of what you can buy. But if you've already what you can buy. But if you've already what you can buy. But if you've already got one because a lot of you have been got one because a lot of you have been got one because a lot of you have been telling me that you have dealt with like telling me that you have dealt with like telling me that you have dealt with like rife machines cuz it's what it is it's a rife machines cuz it's what it is it's a rife machines cuz it's what it is it's a rife machine rife machine rife machine in the past, if you do already have in the past, if you do already have in the past, if you do already have Spooky2 products, great. Spooky2 products, great. Spooky2 products, great. Cuz then you can use the product code Cuz then you can use the product code Cuz then you can use the product code below in order to be able to maybe buy below in order to be able to maybe buy below in order to be able to maybe buy yourself another piece of equipment that yourself another piece of equipment that yourself another piece of equipment that you can add on to this. That is the you can add on to this. That is the you can add on to this. That is the great thing about this is that with the great thing about this is that with the great thing about this is that with the beginners package that you buy, beginners package that you buy, beginners package that you buy, it's not ended. There are so much more it's not ended. There are so much more it's not ended. There are so much more things that you can add on to it. And things that you can add on to it. And things that you can add on to it. And what I would like to also say is that what I would like to also say is that what I would like to also say is that for many of you that may be looking at for many of you that may be looking at for many of you that may be looking at healing a job or you do do jobs in like healing a job or you do do jobs in like healing a job or you do do jobs in like massage therapy or therapy itself or massage therapy or therapy itself or massage therapy or therapy itself or beauty therapy even, you can add these beauty therapy even, you can add these beauty therapy even, you can add these kind of products into what you offer kind of products into what you offer kind of products into what you offer clients spiritually as well. Like if you clients spiritually as well. Like if you clients spiritually as well. Like if you have a shop, a spiritual shop or have a shop, a spiritual shop or have a shop, a spiritual shop or anything like that, this is very good anything like that, this is very good anything like that, this is very good that you can actually start to earn some that you can actually start to earn some that you can actually start to earn some money by doing so, okay, by adding into money by doing so, okay, by adding into money by doing so, okay, by adding into what you offer with your beauty therapy, what you offer with your beauty therapy, what you offer with your beauty therapy, nails even and stuff like that, what you nails even and stuff like that, what you nails even and stuff like that, what you know, whatever you goes do, you? Okay, know, whatever you goes do, you? Okay, know, whatever you goes do, you? Okay, all men. all men. all men. Um Um Um So, let's start off with very generally So, let's start off with very generally So, let's start off with very generally of what we get because unfortunately I of what we get because unfortunately I of what we get because unfortunately I was so eager to get it going that I've was so eager to get it going that I've was so eager to get it going that I've thrown away all of the packaging so I thrown away all of the packaging so I thrown away all of the packaging so I can't really do an unboxing. But I will can't really do an unboxing. But I will can't really do an unboxing. But I will show you individually what the products show you individually what the products show you individually what the products are. So, obviously we've got the two are. So, obviously we've got the two are. So, obviously we've got the two channel signal generator from Spooky2 channel signal generator from Spooky2 channel signal generator from Spooky2 and basically you have to plug it into and basically you have to plug it into and basically you have to plug it into your PC, your PC, your PC, okay. Um okay. Um okay. Um And then obviously one into a power And then obviously one into a power And then obviously one into a power outlet, okay? outlet, okay? outlet, okay? You do have to have, don't quote me on You do have to have, don't quote me on You do have to have, don't quote me on this but I'm sure I am right, is is that this but I'm sure I am right, is is that this but I'm sure I am right, is is that you have to use Windows. So, it has to you have to use Windows. So, it has to you have to use Windows. So, it has to be a Windows PC, be a Windows PC, be a Windows PC, okay? I do not think that this runs on okay? I do not think that this runs on okay? I do not think that this runs on Mac. I'm not sure if they run on any Mac. I'm not sure if they run on any Mac. I'm not sure if they run on any kind of like pad kind of like pad kind of like pad but it would not be able to but it would but it would not be able to but it would but it would not be able to but it would not be a iPad because that is obviously not be a iPad because that is obviously not be a iPad because that is obviously Mac. So, I'm not sure if they've worked Mac. So, I'm not sure if they've worked Mac. So, I'm not sure if they've worked a way around that but as far as I know, a way around that but as far as I know, a way around that but as far as I know, you would have to have something that's you would have to have something that's you would have to have something that's running Windows, okay? Because you also running Windows, okay? Because you also running Windows, okay? Because you also get a program and after this part this get a program and after this part this get a program and after this part this section is where the interesting bit is section is where the interesting bit is section is where the interesting bit is and you're going to want to see that bit and you're going to want to see that bit and you're going to want to see that bit because I've put together a a spiritual because I've put together a a spiritual because I've put together a a spiritual package for us of what I feel would be package for us of what I feel would be package for us of what I feel would be very good for a morning routine in order very good for a morning routine in order very good for a morning routine in order for us to go over every time that we for us to go over every time that we for us to go over every time that we wake up. I mean, I've been using this wake up. I mean, I've been using this wake up. I mean, I've been using this and I do remote viewing as you know and and I do remote viewing as you know and and I do remote viewing as you know and I do a lot of channeling and remote I do a lot of channeling and remote I do a lot of channeling and remote viewing. I don't really do so many much viewing. I don't really do so many much viewing. I don't really do so many much tarot cards anymore. tarot cards anymore. tarot cards anymore. But this has helped with my remote But this has helped with my remote But this has helped with my remote viewing and channeling and having a very viewing and channeling and having a very viewing and channeling and having a very good connection with spirit and myself, good connection with spirit and myself, good connection with spirit and myself, which is spirit. which is spirit. which is spirit. Are you channeling yourself? But it's Are you channeling yourself? But it's Are you channeling yourself? But it's it's very good for those kind of things it's very good for those kind of things it's very good for those kind of things to open you up and keep you cleansed and to open you up and keep you cleansed and to open you up and keep you cleansed and clear in order to be able to start off clear in order to be able to start off clear in order to be able to start off your day to see if it helps your your day to see if it helps your your day to see if it helps your visions, to unblock you and to continue visions, to unblock you and to continue visions, to unblock you and to continue on with your spiritual journey, okay, on with your spiritual journey, okay, on with your spiritual journey, okay, especially if you do spiritual work especially if you do spiritual work especially if you do spiritual work with tarot card readings and clients and with tarot card readings and clients and with tarot card readings and clients and stuff. stuff. stuff. So, generally what we get is the Spooky2 So, generally what we get is the Spooky2 So, generally what we get is the Spooky2 two signal generator, okay? Now, with two signal generator, okay? Now, with two signal generator, okay? Now, with the power of editing, the power of editing, the power of editing, we have a clean table. So, we have a clean table. So, we have a clean table. So, I thought I would do it individually I thought I would do it individually I thought I would do it individually instead of creating such chaos on my instead of creating such chaos on my instead of creating such chaos on my table here. table here. table here. So, this is the box that Spooky2 sends So, this is the box that Spooky2 sends So, this is the box that Spooky2 sends you and it has everything inside and you and it has everything inside and you and it has everything inside and there is so much in here that it's like there is so much in here that it's like there is so much in here that it's like Christmas, pretty much. It's like Christmas, pretty much. It's like Christmas, pretty much. It's like opening up multiple different presents opening up multiple different presents opening up multiple different presents all at once in one box, okay? So, when all at once in one box, okay? So, when all at once in one box, okay? So, when you open up your box, you're going to be you open up your box, you're going to be you open up your box, you're going to be surprised on how much stuff is actually surprised on how much stuff is actually surprised on how much stuff is actually in here that you can use to get you in here that you can use to get you in here that you can use to get you started, okay? So, I'm going to I'm started, okay? So, I'm going to I'm started, okay? So, I'm going to I'm going to go through each individual going to go through each individual going to go through each individual thing that we've kind of got. We've thing that we've kind of got. We've thing that we've kind of got. We've definitely got that I've just gone over definitely got that I've just gone over definitely got that I've just gone over which is the generator, okay, that can which is the generator, okay, that can which is the generator, okay, that can be upgraded at any point. You can use be upgraded at any point. You can use be upgraded at any point. You can use two of these or three of these I think two of these or three of these I think two of these or three of these I think or you can upgrade to their or you can upgrade to their or you can upgrade to their generator X which is more of a powerful generator X which is more of a powerful generator X which is more of a powerful machine. machine. machine. But then you get so many packs of tens But then you get so many packs of tens But then you get so many packs of tens pads that you can continue to use time pads that you can continue to use time pads that you can continue to use time and time again and then when they get and time again and then when they get and time again and then when they get worn out, you can obviously just replace worn out, you can obviously just replace worn out, you can obviously just replace it with another one and then I think you it with another one and then I think you it with another one and then I think you can actually buy these on the Spooky2 can actually buy these on the Spooky2 can actually buy these on the Spooky2 website as well. website as well. website as well. Okay, so you get loads of tens pads so I Okay, so you get loads of tens pads so I Okay, so you get loads of tens pads so I don't think you'll be running out of don't think you'll be running out of don't think you'll be running out of those very quickly. those very quickly. those very quickly. You also get a set of sunglasses that You also get a set of sunglasses that You also get a set of sunglasses that are for the um are for the um are for the um for the wristband that I will show you for the wristband that I will show you for the wristband that I will show you very quickly now um that I think I've very quickly now um that I think I've very quickly now um that I think I've shown you as well but the wristband is shown you as well but the wristband is shown you as well but the wristband is what I've used and I haven't used the what I've used and I haven't used the what I've used and I haven't used the tens pads so much but I should be tens pads so much but I should be tens pads so much but I should be because they're more powerful than just because they're more powerful than just because they're more powerful than just this alone. this alone. this alone. Um but this is obviously like a um Um but this is obviously like a um Um but this is obviously like a um an Apple Watch or a watch. an Apple Watch or a watch. an Apple Watch or a watch. Um and they do also give you in this Um and they do also give you in this Um and they do also give you in this pack um some Velcro pack um some Velcro pack um some Velcro extenders. extenders. extenders. So, basically you can put this anywhere So, basically you can put this anywhere So, basically you can put this anywhere on your body, it just doesn't have to go on your body, it just doesn't have to go on your body, it just doesn't have to go on your wrist. It can actually feed on your wrist. It can actually feed on your wrist. It can actually feed through here. It can be a little bit through here. It can be a little bit through here. It can be a little bit tricky for the start, okay, but it can tricky for the start, okay, but it can tricky for the start, okay, but it can go through here and then obviously it go through here and then obviously it go through here and then obviously it closes and then it gives you an extended closes and then it gives you an extended closes and then it gives you an extended watch, okay? watch, okay? watch, okay? And then this just literally sticks on And then this just literally sticks on And then this just literally sticks on here and then you can have this on your here and then you can have this on your here and then you can have this on your leg, okay, your upper or lower arm, leg, okay, your upper or lower arm, leg, okay, your upper or lower arm, upper or lower leg, okay, mainly. upper or lower leg, okay, mainly. upper or lower leg, okay, mainly. Obviously do not go above your neck or Obviously do not go above your neck or Obviously do not go above your neck or on your neck, okay? Don't put it on your on your neck, okay? Don't put it on your on your neck, okay? Don't put it on your temple or your eyes or anything like temple or your eyes or anything like temple or your eyes or anything like that, right? Um that, right? Um that, right? Um but that is another product that you get but that is another product that you get but that is another product that you get with this beginners package, okay? This with this beginners package, okay? This with this beginners package, okay? This is this is very good. It's it's good to is this is very good. It's it's good to is this is very good. It's it's good to use with the tens pads, okay, as well. use with the tens pads, okay, as well. use with the tens pads, okay, as well. So, the reason why I'm doing them So, the reason why I'm doing them So, the reason why I'm doing them singular is because it started to look singular is because it started to look singular is because it started to look very much of a mess when I was trying to very much of a mess when I was trying to very much of a mess when I was trying to kind of review them because there's a kind of review them because there's a kind of review them because there's a lot of wires and a lot of leads in here lot of wires and a lot of leads in here lot of wires and a lot of leads in here but that is a good thing because this is but that is a good thing because this is but that is a good thing because this is a very long tens pad lead that you get a very long tens pad lead that you get a very long tens pad lead that you get with it as well. So, it'll help you be with it as well. So, it'll help you be with it as well. So, it'll help you be able to move around and still continue able to move around and still continue able to move around and still continue to work and not get things like jammed to work and not get things like jammed to work and not get things like jammed and stuff so you get plenty of cable and stuff so you get plenty of cable and stuff so you get plenty of cable um that you can use um that you can use um that you can use for different kind of things that I will for different kind of things that I will for different kind of things that I will show you in a bit because there is also show you in a bit because there is also show you in a bit because there is also some tubes that you can use for a foot some tubes that you can use for a foot some tubes that you can use for a foot spa in general, okay? But the general spa in general, okay? But the general spa in general, okay? But the general rule of thumb is is that this rule of thumb is is that this rule of thumb is is that this fits onto the generator and you turn fits onto the generator and you turn fits onto the generator and you turn and it locks it into place, and it locks it into place, and it locks it into place, okay? Straightforward, very quick, very okay? Straightforward, very quick, very okay? Straightforward, very quick, very easy, okay? This end of the other end of easy, okay? This end of the other end of easy, okay? This end of the other end of the cable, the cable, the cable, basically there is a red and a black basically there is a red and a black basically there is a red and a black cable that goes into the tens pads, cable that goes into the tens pads, cable that goes into the tens pads, okay? And there you go, you've pretty okay? And there you go, you've pretty okay? And there you go, you've pretty much set it up but Spooky2 clients and much set it up but Spooky2 clients and much set it up but Spooky2 clients and everybody that's been working for everybody that's been working for everybody that's been working for Spooky2 or been promoting them, I've Spooky2 or been promoting them, I've Spooky2 or been promoting them, I've done multiple different videos that you done multiple different videos that you done multiple different videos that you can find on their website and also on can find on their website and also on can find on their website and also on their YouTube channel that will all be their YouTube channel that will all be their YouTube channel that will all be linked below with also the code that you linked below with also the code that you linked below with also the code that you can use to get 5% off, okay? Okay, guys, so I really do apologize if Okay, guys, so I really do apologize if Okay, guys, so I really do apologize if you start to see a few edits you start to see a few edits you start to see a few edits within these segments but I really within these segments but I really within these segments but I really wanted to give this wanted to give this wanted to give this its credit where it's due, okay? And I its credit where it's due, okay? And I its credit where it's due, okay? And I really wanted to make sure that I tested really wanted to make sure that I tested really wanted to make sure that I tested the product enough so I kind of can the product enough so I kind of can the product enough so I kind of can credit, you know, what I think about the credit, you know, what I think about the credit, you know, what I think about the product itself. product itself. product itself. Now, this is obviously you so you know Now, this is obviously you so you know Now, this is obviously you so you know this channel that we do I do a lot of this channel that we do I do a lot of this channel that we do I do a lot of remote viewing obviously, okay? remote viewing obviously, okay? remote viewing obviously, okay? Spiritual remote viewing. Now this is Spiritual remote viewing. Now this is Spiritual remote viewing. Now this is actually called the Spooky2 remote. So actually called the Spooky2 remote. So actually called the Spooky2 remote. So if you look at this as your personal if you look at this as your personal if you look at this as your personal twin flame or soulmate, so if we was to twin flame or soulmate, so if we was to twin flame or soulmate, so if we was to actually look at twins, okay? actually look at twins, okay? actually look at twins, okay? When a twin is born, When a twin is born, When a twin is born, they always say that they can actually they always say that they can actually they always say that they can actually feel and know exactly what is going to feel and know exactly what is going to feel and know exactly what is going to happen when it happens. I know when happen when it happens. I know when happen when it happens. I know when they're when they're feeling down, when they're when they're feeling down, when they're when they're feeling down, when they're feeling happy, if they're about they're feeling happy, if they're about they're feeling happy, if they're about to call, if there's something wrong with to call, if there's something wrong with to call, if there's something wrong with my twin. my twin. my twin. Spiritually and metaphysically a lot of Spiritually and metaphysically a lot of Spiritually and metaphysically a lot of us kind of go through that with our us kind of go through that with our us kind of go through that with our soulmates and twin flame on our journey, soulmates and twin flame on our journey, soulmates and twin flame on our journey, right? We become empathic and there's a right? We become empathic and there's a right? We become empathic and there's a metaphysical connection between the metaphysical connection between the metaphysical connection between the person that actually isn't born as a person that actually isn't born as a person that actually isn't born as a twin, but within spiritual entanglement twin, but within spiritual entanglement twin, but within spiritual entanglement or quantum physics or metaphysics, we or quantum physics or metaphysics, we or quantum physics or metaphysics, we feel the energy of people, but feel the energy of people, but feel the energy of people, but especially like our you know, twin flame especially like our you know, twin flame especially like our you know, twin flame or soulmate, right? So this is actually or soulmate, right? So this is actually or soulmate, right? So this is actually called the spooky remote and I actually called the spooky remote and I actually called the spooky remote and I actually do a lot of remote viewing. So why is do a lot of remote viewing. So why is do a lot of remote viewing. So why is this really important? Okay, so when you this really important? Okay, so when you this really important? Okay, so when you start to look at like if you're using start to look at like if you're using start to look at like if you're using tens pads or if you're using the wrist tens pads or if you're using the wrist tens pads or if you're using the wrist watch or the you know, all of the other watch or the you know, all of the other watch or the you know, all of the other things that I've shown you, things that I've shown you, things that I've shown you, you obviously have to be sitting down you obviously have to be sitting down you obviously have to be sitting down and put the tens pads on or holding the and put the tens pads on or holding the and put the tens pads on or holding the poles or putting them into a foot spa poles or putting them into a foot spa poles or putting them into a foot spa and that is going to be like where and that is going to be like where and that is going to be like where there's wires everywhere and I can't there's wires everywhere and I can't there's wires everywhere and I can't really move around. How long do I have really move around. How long do I have really move around. How long do I have to sit here? Every human being is very to sit here? Every human being is very to sit here? Every human being is very impatient, especially if you're a impatient, especially if you're a impatient, especially if you're a Sagittarius, maybe. Sagittarius, maybe. Sagittarius, maybe. I'm just kidding. But like um, you know, I'm just kidding. But like um, you know, I'm just kidding. But like um, you know, so what this is so what this is so what this is is if you look at it as a personal Wi-Fi is if you look at it as a personal Wi-Fi is if you look at it as a personal Wi-Fi connection between yourself and connection between yourself and connection between yourself and yourself. yourself. yourself. So let me hopefully explain. So inside So let me hopefully explain. So inside So let me hopefully explain. So inside of this remote is a little white sticker of this remote is a little white sticker of this remote is a little white sticker and inside of the white sticker is my and inside of the white sticker is my and inside of the white sticker is my thumbnail. thumbnail. thumbnail. Okay? So a thumbnail it you can either Okay? So a thumbnail it you can either Okay? So a thumbnail it you can either use saliva or blood, but basically what use saliva or blood, but basically what use saliva or blood, but basically what you want is your DNA. you want is your DNA. you want is your DNA. Now because a thumbnail or a fingernail Now because a thumbnail or a fingernail Now because a thumbnail or a fingernail takes the longest to actually die off, takes the longest to actually die off, takes the longest to actually die off, okay? When it's separated from you, it okay? When it's separated from you, it okay? When it's separated from you, it starts to die off, but it takes quite a starts to die off, but it takes quite a starts to die off, but it takes quite a long time. long time. long time. So really there is a molecular What do So really there is a molecular What do So really there is a molecular What do they What do they call it? Like a they What do they call it? Like a they What do they call it? Like a quantum entanglement? But a structure quantum entanglement? But a structure quantum entanglement? But a structure that is still a part of you that is that is still a part of you that is that is still a part of you that is still alive somewhere within the earth, still alive somewhere within the earth, still alive somewhere within the earth, no matter where you are. And that's no matter where you are. And that's no matter where you are. And that's where the the remote comes into into where the the remote comes into into where the the remote comes into into play. play. play. So you could look at it as like So you could look at it as like So you could look at it as like um, a Wi-Fi signal between yourself, um, a Wi-Fi signal between yourself, um, a Wi-Fi signal between yourself, wherever you are, if you're traveling, wherever you are, if you're traveling, wherever you are, if you're traveling, if you're going to the shops, if you're if you're going to the shops, if you're if you're going to the shops, if you're not at home, if you are walking around not at home, if you are walking around not at home, if you are walking around your home, you don't have to be your home, you don't have to be your home, you don't have to be connected via wires, you can be connected via wires, you can be connected via wires, you can be connected by the connected by the connected by the uh remote. uh remote. uh remote. you take a you take a you take a um, a piece of your DNA, you put it um, a piece of your DNA, you put it um, a piece of your DNA, you put it inside of the remote, okay? And you fix inside of the remote, okay? And you fix inside of the remote, okay? And you fix it to the spooky boost and then the it to the spooky boost and then the it to the spooky boost and then the boost obviously boost obviously boost obviously um, um, um, goes on the generator, goes on the generator, goes on the generator, okay? We lock it into place okay? We lock it into place okay? We lock it into place and then when you do start the program, and then when you do start the program, and then when you do start the program, you will see lights flashing at the you will see lights flashing at the you will see lights flashing at the beginning here pretty much. beginning here pretty much. beginning here pretty much. And what you would do is you would go on And what you would do is you would go on And what you would do is you would go on to the program itself that I do show you to the program itself that I do show you to the program itself that I do show you at the end and you look for uh remote at the end and you look for uh remote at the end and you look for uh remote and then there is uh special programs to and then there is uh special programs to and then there is uh special programs to go through. Now what I will say is they go through. Now what I will say is they go through. Now what I will say is they ask you to go through a certain protocol ask you to go through a certain protocol ask you to go through a certain protocol first that can take up to it's it's a first that can take up to it's it's a first that can take up to it's it's a very long time. But when I had it very long time. But when I had it very long time. But when I had it running myself, I was thinking, I have running myself, I was thinking, I have running myself, I was thinking, I have to admit, I really don't know if this is to admit, I really don't know if this is to admit, I really don't know if this is going to work. going to work. going to work. But when I run the protocol, But when I run the protocol, But when I run the protocol, I realized that when it came to the I realized that when it came to the I realized that when it came to the metals in your teeth, like metals in your teeth, like metals in your teeth, like um, I I forget what they call it within um, I I forget what they call it within um, I I forget what they call it within your teeth, but it goes through metals your teeth, but it goes through metals your teeth, but it goes through metals of your body to remove them and things of your body to remove them and things of your body to remove them and things like that, my teeth started to feel like like that, my teeth started to feel like like that, my teeth started to feel like uh sensitive and I could taste metal in uh sensitive and I could taste metal in uh sensitive and I could taste metal in my mouth. my mouth. my mouth. And this is not even connected to me via And this is not even connected to me via And this is not even connected to me via a wire. It's just has my DNA in it. And a wire. It's just has my DNA in it. And a wire. It's just has my DNA in it. And at the time I wasn't at home, I put it at the time I wasn't at home, I put it at the time I wasn't at home, I put it on, I left it running and then I went to on, I left it running and then I went to on, I left it running and then I went to the pub to see my friend. As I As I'm the pub to see my friend. As I As I'm the pub to see my friend. As I As I'm sitting there, I'm kind of getting this sitting there, I'm kind of getting this sitting there, I'm kind of getting this metallic taste in my mouth and feeling metallic taste in my mouth and feeling metallic taste in my mouth and feeling like I've got a filling or something or like I've got a filling or something or like I've got a filling or something or or whatnot. So I was like, what is that? or whatnot. So I was like, what is that? or whatnot. So I was like, what is that? And I was like, oh my god, I can And I was like, oh my god, I can And I was like, oh my god, I can remember now. This remote is actually remember now. This remote is actually remember now. This remote is actually running at home while I'm not here. That running at home while I'm not here. That running at home while I'm not here. That is so bizarre, okay? So it does go is so bizarre, okay? So it does go is so bizarre, okay? So it does go through all of the things and it gives through all of the things and it gives through all of the things and it gives you like a general clean out and and you like a general clean out and and you like a general clean out and and everything and then it kind of replaces everything and then it kind of replaces everything and then it kind of replaces everything and and stuff like that, but everything and and stuff like that, but everything and and stuff like that, but generally, rule of thumb, that your DNA, generally, rule of thumb, that your DNA, generally, rule of thumb, that your DNA, whatever in here, as long as it's still whatever in here, as long as it's still whatever in here, as long as it's still be alive and you don't have to change be alive and you don't have to change be alive and you don't have to change it, it still has a molecular it, it still has a molecular it, it still has a molecular construction between you and whatever it construction between you and whatever it construction between you and whatever it is that you've put in here. So it can is that you've put in here. So it can is that you've put in here. So it can still pick up your DNA like it would still pick up your DNA like it would still pick up your DNA like it would energetically of a twin flame, a energetically of a twin flame, a energetically of a twin flame, a soulmate or an actual twin. It knows soulmate or an actual twin. It knows soulmate or an actual twin. It knows where you are, what you're doing. It where you are, what you're doing. It where you are, what you're doing. It knows all of your DNA. knows all of your DNA. knows all of your DNA. And then it can send signals from your And then it can send signals from your And then it can send signals from your DNA that is still connected to you and DNA that is still connected to you and DNA that is still connected to you and tethered to you energetically. tethered to you energetically. tethered to you energetically. Okay? It's It's absolutely marvelous Okay? It's It's absolutely marvelous Okay? It's It's absolutely marvelous like because if you look at these this like because if you look at these this like because if you look at these this machine here is pretty much what you machine here is pretty much what you machine here is pretty much what you would be using 99% of the time because would be using 99% of the time because would be using 99% of the time because the moment that you know that you can the moment that you know that you can the moment that you know that you can use this and learn how to use it and use this and learn how to use it and use this and learn how to use it and start to learn about energy and which we start to learn about energy and which we start to learn about energy and which we already know on this channel, already know on this channel, already know on this channel, that you'll realize that you can kind of that you'll realize that you can kind of that you'll realize that you can kind of go about your day and do whatever you go about your day and do whatever you go about your day and do whatever you like and you can set many a different like and you can set many a different like and you can set many a different program program program that you think, okay, this is like 8 or that you think, okay, this is like 8 or that you think, okay, this is like 8 or 9 hours program. I haven't got time in 9 hours program. I haven't got time in 9 hours program. I haven't got time in order to sit around for 9 hours while order to sit around for 9 hours while order to sit around for 9 hours while this program runs because I need to move this program runs because I need to move this program runs because I need to move about, I need to get up, I need to about, I need to get up, I need to about, I need to get up, I need to answer the door and stuff like that, go answer the door and stuff like that, go answer the door and stuff like that, go to the toilet, right? So you can do to the toilet, right? So you can do to the toilet, right? So you can do whatever you like here. So majority of whatever you like here. So majority of whatever you like here. So majority of people that use the Spooky2 product, people that use the Spooky2 product, people that use the Spooky2 product, they end up buying quite a lot of these they end up buying quite a lot of these they end up buying quite a lot of these or they buy the generator X and they or they buy the generator X and they or they buy the generator X and they have one and then they have another one have one and then they have another one have one and then they have another one and another one and another one. and another one and another one. and another one and another one. Now this don't just also heal yourself, Now this don't just also heal yourself, Now this don't just also heal yourself, it can also heal anybody or any piece of it can also heal anybody or any piece of it can also heal anybody or any piece of DNA that you've got inside it. DNA that you've got inside it. DNA that you've got inside it. Now that doesn't even have to be human. Now that doesn't even have to be human. Now that doesn't even have to be human. That can also be your cat or your dog or That can also be your cat or your dog or That can also be your cat or your dog or your pets. your pets. your pets. Okay? Say if you know that your dog or Okay? Say if you know that your dog or Okay? Say if you know that your dog or your cat is suffering through cataracts your cat is suffering through cataracts your cat is suffering through cataracts or it has pain elements and it has joint or it has pain elements and it has joint or it has pain elements and it has joint elements and stuff and you really care elements and stuff and you really care elements and stuff and you really care about your pet, about your pet, about your pet, you can take a toenail clipping or a you can take a toenail clipping or a you can take a toenail clipping or a claw clipping of your pet and put it claw clipping of your pet and put it claw clipping of your pet and put it inside of here and run a structure inside of here and run a structure inside of here and run a structure through here and see if you see any through here and see if you see any through here and see if you see any changes within your animal. changes within your animal. changes within your animal. Okay? Like I said, there are there are a Okay? Like I said, there are there are a Okay? Like I said, there are there are a lot of things that you can also test if lot of things that you can also test if lot of things that you can also test if you start to get into the scientific you start to get into the scientific you start to get into the scientific parts of it. There was also a very parts of it. There was also a very parts of it. There was also a very interesting subject that they brought up interesting subject that they brought up interesting subject that they brought up as well as well as well that like um, that like um, that like um, what we call them in Britain is midgets, what we call them in Britain is midgets, what we call them in Britain is midgets, midges, okay? And they come from the midges, okay? And they come from the midges, okay? And they come from the corn when when it starts to become hot corn when when it starts to become hot corn when when it starts to become hot and the corn is being grown, there are and the corn is being grown, there are and the corn is being grown, there are these very small little flies that start these very small little flies that start these very small little flies that start to circulate around Britain and it to circulate around Britain and it to circulate around Britain and it becomes very annoying because they're so becomes very annoying because they're so becomes very annoying because they're so small, but they just land on you and small, but they just land on you and small, but they just land on you and it's oh it's oh it's oh and they're everywhere around the and they're everywhere around the and they're everywhere around the houses. So houses. So houses. So you can run these certain things that you can run these certain things that you can run these certain things that give off frequencies that actually deter give off frequencies that actually deter give off frequencies that actually deter them from coming around your house, them from coming around your house, them from coming around your house, haha, haha, haha, right? So if you're or an ant infestation and whatnot and or an ant infestation and whatnot and or an ant infestation and whatnot and you use it on that, it will actually you use it on that, it will actually you use it on that, it will actually stop all those creatures from coming and stop all those creatures from coming and stop all those creatures from coming and circulating around your house cuz it's circulating around your house cuz it's circulating around your house cuz it's giving off this frequency that, you giving off this frequency that, you giving off this frequency that, you know, like um, a repellent if you like, know, like um, a repellent if you like, know, like um, a repellent if you like, okay? okay? okay? So very interesting facts that you can So very interesting facts that you can So very interesting facts that you can learn about this. So just very briefly learn about this. So just very briefly learn about this. So just very briefly before I move on to the next product, before I move on to the next product, before I move on to the next product, this is the spooky remote this is the spooky remote this is the spooky remote and it's like remote viewing in a way, and it's like remote viewing in a way, and it's like remote viewing in a way, okay? It can pick up things okay? It can pick up things okay? It can pick up things like it can pick up from you to here and like it can pick up from you to here and like it can pick up from you to here and heal you at a distance and it can either heal you at a distance and it can either heal you at a distance and it can either kill off certain pathogens or it can kill off certain pathogens or it can kill off certain pathogens or it can heal them or do both. But all of the heal them or do both. But all of the heal them or do both. But all of the things that you can do mainly with the things that you can do mainly with the things that you can do mainly with the tens pads and everything, you can also tens pads and everything, you can also tens pads and everything, you can also do very much so with this. It's your do very much so with this. It's your do very much so with this. It's your personal twin flame soulmate, okay? So personal twin flame soulmate, okay? So personal twin flame soulmate, okay? So now we're going to go on to the next now we're going to go on to the next now we're going to go on to the next product. product. product. Now the next product as well is also Now the next product as well is also Now the next product as well is also very fascinating very fascinating very fascinating for one of the other little things that for one of the other little things that for one of the other little things that they've got that is so simple when you they've got that is so simple when you they've got that is so simple when you know what it does. So basically it's the know what it does. So basically it's the know what it does. So basically it's the spooky pulse. spooky pulse. spooky pulse. Now you can also buy Now you can also buy Now you can also buy um, in another package or separately on um, in another package or separately on um, in another package or separately on its own and you can use the product code its own and you can use the product code its own and you can use the product code below if you have one of these machines below if you have one of these machines below if you have one of these machines and you just want to get one of the and you just want to get one of the and you just want to get one of the products individually. products individually. products individually. But this is the Spooky2 pulse. But this is the Spooky2 pulse. But this is the Spooky2 pulse. So basically how this works So basically how this works So basically how this works is is that you plug this directly into is is that you plug this directly into is is that you plug this directly into your PC, okay? Your laptop or your your PC, okay? Your laptop or your your PC, okay? Your laptop or your computer, but it really needs to be a computer, but it really needs to be a computer, but it really needs to be a direct feed. direct feed. direct feed. Okay? It doesn't really need to be in a Okay? It doesn't really need to be in a Okay? It doesn't really need to be in a in a USB extension, in a USB extension, in a USB extension, it needs to go directly into the main it needs to go directly into the main it needs to go directly into the main USB port of your computer. Okay, because USB port of your computer. Okay, because USB port of your computer. Okay, because it's reading pulse. it's reading pulse. it's reading pulse. And because it reads your pulse, it And because it reads your pulse, it And because it reads your pulse, it doesn't need any kind of delay. So, doesn't need any kind of delay. So, doesn't need any kind of delay. So, there shouldn't really be a delay. It there shouldn't really be a delay. It there shouldn't really be a delay. It has to be the shortest amount of lead has to be the shortest amount of lead has to be the shortest amount of lead that there is like this, the shortest that there is like this, the shortest that there is like this, the shortest amount of distance between here and amount of distance between here and amount of distance between here and this, and then it will start to pick up this, and then it will start to pick up this, and then it will start to pick up your pulse rate when you obviously like your pulse rate when you obviously like your pulse rate when you obviously like use this part. use this part. use this part. Now, this has sensors inside, obviously, Now, this has sensors inside, obviously, Now, this has sensors inside, obviously, like a finger pulse monitor would do. like a finger pulse monitor would do. like a finger pulse monitor would do. But, do if you do have this, do not have But, do if you do have this, do not have But, do if you do have this, do not have it on your fingernail. it on your fingernail. it on your fingernail. Okay, needs to be on your actual skin. Okay, needs to be on your actual skin. Okay, needs to be on your actual skin. Okay? Okay? Okay? So, when that's running, this can run So, when that's running, this can run So, when that's running, this can run um Now, that you do have to sit down for um Now, that you do have to sit down for um Now, that you do have to sit down for this one, and I and I must say that I this one, and I and I must say that I this one, and I and I must say that I haven't been able to sit around long haven't been able to sit around long haven't been able to sit around long enough cuz I have ADHD, and I'm a very enough cuz I have ADHD, and I'm a very enough cuz I have ADHD, and I'm a very busy person. So, I I I wasn't able to busy person. So, I I I wasn't able to busy person. So, I I I wasn't able to sit around for the 15 to probably 20 sit around for the 15 to probably 20 sit around for the 15 to probably 20 minutes that this will take to run, but minutes that this will take to run, but minutes that this will take to run, but I will do. I will do. I will do. But, as far as it works, it basically But, as far as it works, it basically But, as far as it works, it basically takes your pulse, and then it runs what takes your pulse, and then it runs what takes your pulse, and then it runs what the Spooky2 software the Spooky2 software the Spooky2 software like if if there's something wrong with like if if there's something wrong with like if if there's something wrong with you, it it it sweeps your body and it you, it it it sweeps your body and it you, it it it sweeps your body and it says, "Okay, your body will adapt better says, "Okay, your body will adapt better says, "Okay, your body will adapt better to these kind of frequencies." to these kind of frequencies." to these kind of frequencies." Now, as far as I know, don't quote me on Now, as far as I know, don't quote me on Now, as far as I know, don't quote me on it, but they do also have that is it, but they do also have that is it, but they do also have that is something very similar to this, something very similar to this, something very similar to this, but they're two uh individual little but they're two uh individual little but they're two uh individual little plates. And you can put the DNA inside plates. And you can put the DNA inside plates. And you can put the DNA inside of the plate, and you can run a of the plate, and you can run a of the plate, and you can run a protocol, and it will pretty much pick protocol, and it will pretty much pick protocol, and it will pretty much pick up all of the DNA and everything that up all of the DNA and everything that up all of the DNA and everything that goes through your body, your heart rate, goes through your body, your heart rate, goes through your body, your heart rate, and all that sort of stuff, and it will and all that sort of stuff, and it will and all that sort of stuff, and it will kind of pinpoint what you need work on, kind of pinpoint what you need work on, kind of pinpoint what you need work on, and then probably and then probably and then probably advise you on the programs that it advise you on the programs that it advise you on the programs that it thinks that you'd benefit more, or it thinks that you'd benefit more, or it thinks that you'd benefit more, or it does things like it would um alter the does things like it would um alter the does things like it would um alter the the frequency to your specific body the frequency to your specific body the frequency to your specific body type. Cuz we we all have different body type. Cuz we we all have different body type. Cuz we we all have different body types, and it is types, and it is types, and it is this is no wonder drug or anything, this is no wonder drug or anything, this is no wonder drug or anything, okay? It will take practice because okay? It will take practice because okay? It will take practice because everybody's body DNA is different, everybody's body DNA is different, everybody's body DNA is different, constructed differently than everybody. constructed differently than everybody. constructed differently than everybody. There's barely anybody that's exactly There's barely anybody that's exactly There's barely anybody that's exactly the same. So, each machine really needs the same. So, each machine really needs the same. So, each machine really needs to be tailored towards what works for to be tailored towards what works for to be tailored towards what works for you and what may not work for you. And you and what may not work for you. And you and what may not work for you. And if it doesn't work, it's probably if it doesn't work, it's probably if it doesn't work, it's probably because the frequencies need to be more because the frequencies need to be more because the frequencies need to be more in tune. And these are the ways that you in tune. And these are the ways that you in tune. And these are the ways that you can hopefully give the machine a little can hopefully give the machine a little can hopefully give the machine a little bit of more information about yourself. bit of more information about yourself. bit of more information about yourself. Okay? Okay? Okay? Cuz don't forget like the Spooky Remote, Cuz don't forget like the Spooky Remote, Cuz don't forget like the Spooky Remote, it needs to have DNA that is yourself to it needs to have DNA that is yourself to it needs to have DNA that is yourself to give you signals about yourself. give you signals about yourself. give you signals about yourself. Right? This is pretty much the same. Right? This is pretty much the same. Right? This is pretty much the same. When the computer and the program starts When the computer and the program starts When the computer and the program starts to know more about you, it can give you to know more about you, it can give you to know more about you, it can give you the better program. It's pretty It's a the better program. It's pretty It's a the better program. It's pretty It's a lot like the Matrix in a way. It'll re- lot like the Matrix in a way. It'll re- lot like the Matrix in a way. It'll re- re- redesign all of your numerology and re- redesign all of your numerology and re- redesign all of your numerology and your molecular construction of your DNA, your molecular construction of your DNA, your molecular construction of your DNA, and then run run through your body as a and then run run through your body as a and then run run through your body as a sweep to think, "Okay, we really need to sweep to think, "Okay, we really need to sweep to think, "Okay, we really need to send these numbers into this body send these numbers into this body send these numbers into this body because that'll work because that'll work because that'll work a lot better, right?" So, it works off a lot better, right?" So, it works off a lot better, right?" So, it works off um um um frequencies and so on and so forth. But, frequencies and so on and so forth. But, frequencies and so on and so forth. But, very interesting to be able to sit long very interesting to be able to sit long very interesting to be able to sit long enough to be able to think, "I need the enough to be able to think, "I need the enough to be able to think, "I need the computer to know more about me." This is computer to know more about me." This is computer to know more about me." This is the way I do it. And then when it knows the way I do it. And then when it knows the way I do it. And then when it knows my heart rate and everything else, it my heart rate and everything else, it my heart rate and everything else, it will know what programs fit better for will know what programs fit better for will know what programs fit better for me. Okay? me. Okay? me. Okay? So, sorry if I had to um if I've been if So, sorry if I had to um if I've been if So, sorry if I had to um if I've been if you you probably won't see it, but I've you you probably won't see it, but I've you you probably won't see it, but I've edited it the best I can because I edited it the best I can because I edited it the best I can because I wanted to make sure that I'd kind of wanted to make sure that I'd kind of wanted to make sure that I'd kind of tested these and realized what may or tested these and realized what may or tested these and realized what may or may not kind of work. may not kind of work. may not kind of work. I will give you a little bit um I left I will give you a little bit um I left I will give you a little bit um I left this on for my this on for my this on for my uh I really can't remember what it's uh I really can't remember what it's uh I really can't remember what it's called. It's like called. It's like called. It's like Obscemia or something. But, because I Obscemia or something. But, because I Obscemia or something. But, because I spend a long time sitting up, spend a long time sitting up, spend a long time sitting up, okay, I get all of my legs and my feet okay, I get all of my legs and my feet okay, I get all of my legs and my feet swell a lot because my my my legs are swell a lot because my my my legs are swell a lot because my my my legs are not equal with my heart for the fluid to not equal with my heart for the fluid to not equal with my heart for the fluid to run, you know, in and out of my heart. run, you know, in and out of my heart. run, you know, in and out of my heart. So, I I get swollen legs and ankles and So, I I get swollen legs and ankles and So, I I get swollen legs and ankles and feet. feet. feet. Um Um Um when I was using this, I may or may not when I was using this, I may or may not when I was using this, I may or may not have been using the right have been using the right have been using the right kind of frequency, or I hadn't used this kind of frequency, or I hadn't used this kind of frequency, or I hadn't used this in order for it to know what to use. in order for it to know what to use. in order for it to know what to use. It didn't really work so well. But, when It didn't really work so well. But, when It didn't really work so well. But, when I was using the actual TENS pads, it did I was using the actual TENS pads, it did I was using the actual TENS pads, it did work, okay? So, there's a fine line work, okay? So, there's a fine line work, okay? So, there's a fine line between this knowing you and whether between this knowing you and whether between this knowing you and whether it's going to like what it's going to it's going to like what it's going to it's going to like what it's going to work on. Well, I would say that these work on. Well, I would say that these work on. Well, I would say that these are better more for the the energy are better more for the the energy are better more for the the energy clearing and the energy healing and the clearing and the energy healing and the clearing and the energy healing and the frequencies and stuff that run through frequencies and stuff that run through frequencies and stuff that run through your body more so than what I would say your body more so than what I would say your body more so than what I would say of a like a swelling of the legs and the of a like a swelling of the legs and the of a like a swelling of the legs and the ankles and so on and so forth. I would ankles and so on and so forth. I would ankles and so on and so forth. I would say this is more energy type sort of say this is more energy type sort of say this is more energy type sort of clearing and and healing and stuff like clearing and and healing and stuff like clearing and and healing and stuff like that than I would say the you know, the that than I would say the you know, the that than I would say the you know, the fixing of of a swollen leg or ankle. fixing of of a swollen leg or ankle. fixing of of a swollen leg or ankle. But, I haven't tested it long enough. But, I haven't tested it long enough. But, I haven't tested it long enough. But, what I can say is that the TENS But, what I can say is that the TENS But, what I can say is that the TENS pads helped with that element a lot more pads helped with that element a lot more pads helped with that element a lot more than what this one did. When I was than what this one did. When I was than what this one did. When I was running the spiritual bar kind of running the spiritual bar kind of running the spiritual bar kind of cleansing program that I put together cleansing program that I put together cleansing program that I put together for myself, which was what you will see for myself, which was what you will see for myself, which was what you will see is the um Kundalini experience, the is the um Kundalini experience, the is the um Kundalini experience, the seven chakras, the balancing the energy seven chakras, the balancing the energy seven chakras, the balancing the energy in, energy out, the aura, the negative in, energy out, the aura, the negative in, energy out, the aura, the negative thinking program. When I run that, I thinking program. When I run that, I thinking program. When I run that, I felt like all kinds of peculiar. felt like all kinds of peculiar. felt like all kinds of peculiar. So, I could really feel that it was So, I could really feel that it was So, I could really feel that it was doing something. And for that brief hour doing something. And for that brief hour doing something. And for that brief hour or so, I felt fantastic. Like I really or so, I felt fantastic. Like I really or so, I felt fantastic. Like I really did feel good. And I was I wasn't at did feel good. And I was I wasn't at did feel good. And I was I wasn't at home. home. home. Like I said, I was out visiting a Like I said, I was out visiting a Like I said, I was out visiting a friend. friend. friend. We were catching up. I left it running We were catching up. I left it running We were catching up. I left it running on the spiritual program that I've made on the spiritual program that I've made on the spiritual program that I've made for myself. Left it running, and I'm in for myself. Left it running, and I'm in for myself. Left it running, and I'm in a fast a fast a fast energetic mood of I was speaking energetic mood of I was speaking energetic mood of I was speaking clearly. We had great communication clearly. We had great communication clearly. We had great communication between me and my friend. between me and my friend. between me and my friend. It It was just and I and I was talking It It was just and I and I was talking It It was just and I and I was talking to him about it, and he likes a lot of to him about it, and he likes a lot of to him about it, and he likes a lot of these sort of things. these sort of things. these sort of things. And he was kind of like, "Well, you And he was kind of like, "Well, you And he was kind of like, "Well, you know, there's there's definitely a know, there's there's definitely a know, there's there's definitely a structure between it." And we were structure between it." And we were structure between it." And we were having like our a little conversation. having like our a little conversation. having like our a little conversation. But, But, But, I would definitely say that this works I would definitely say that this works I would definitely say that this works for the majority of things, but on other for the majority of things, but on other for the majority of things, but on other things, there may need to be a few things, there may need to be a few things, there may need to be a few tweaks and twists that you may need to tweaks and twists that you may need to tweaks and twists that you may need to to look at, okay? to look at, okay? to look at, okay? That's where using this or the plates That's where using this or the plates That's where using this or the plates that you can get from Spooky2, that you can get from Spooky2, that you can get from Spooky2, and then like I said, you can use this and then like I said, you can use this and then like I said, you can use this for yourself. Later on, you can probably for yourself. Later on, you can probably for yourself. Later on, you can probably buy another one if you could afford it. buy another one if you could afford it. buy another one if you could afford it. And you can use one for your mom, one And you can use one for your mom, one And you can use one for your mom, one for your dad or your parents, your for your dad or your parents, your for your dad or your parents, your siblings, your animals, your son, your siblings, your animals, your son, your siblings, your animals, your son, your daughter, your friend. And you could daughter, your friend. And you could daughter, your friend. And you could very much do this kind of thing for a very much do this kind of thing for a very much do this kind of thing for a living as well. living as well. living as well. You can do people from overseas and You can do people from overseas and You can do people from overseas and whatnot, right? You uh get their DNA, so whatnot, right? You uh get their DNA, so whatnot, right? You uh get their DNA, so on and so forth. And you run all of on and so forth. And you run all of on and so forth. And you run all of these different protocols at different these different protocols at different these different protocols at different different times, okay? So, you write different times, okay? So, you write different times, okay? So, you write down on it whose DNA it is, when you got down on it whose DNA it is, when you got down on it whose DNA it is, when you got it, how long it will last, 3 months, it, how long it will last, 3 months, it, how long it will last, 3 months, started it, you know, blah blah blah. started it, you know, blah blah blah. started it, you know, blah blah blah. So, there you go. So, we'll go on to the So, there you go. So, we'll go on to the So, there you go. So, we'll go on to the next segment. I've been using this. I've been using this. I've been using this. So, this is for you guys that may So, this is for you guys that may So, this is for you guys that may experience a lot of things that I do. I experience a lot of things that I do. I experience a lot of things that I do. I can't breathe through my nose. can't breathe through my nose. can't breathe through my nose. I had polyps, and I had uh loads of I had polyps, and I had uh loads of I had polyps, and I had uh loads of problems with my nose when I was problems with my nose when I was problems with my nose when I was younger, and believe it or not, younger, and believe it or not, younger, and believe it or not, uh a lot of you possibly don't know that uh a lot of you possibly don't know that uh a lot of you possibly don't know that I can't smell. I've never had a sense of I can't smell. I've never had a sense of I can't smell. I've never had a sense of smell. smell. smell. If I smell like perfume very close to If I smell like perfume very close to If I smell like perfume very close to the bottle, I possibly can smell it a the bottle, I possibly can smell it a the bottle, I possibly can smell it a little bit, but I generally can't really little bit, but I generally can't really little bit, but I generally can't really smell anything. smell anything. smell anything. Now, I've always got a blocked nose, Now, I've always got a blocked nose, Now, I've always got a blocked nose, okay? And I probably talk that way, and okay? And I probably talk that way, and okay? And I probably talk that way, and sometimes you can possibly hear that. sometimes you can possibly hear that. sometimes you can possibly hear that. And I have to use a lot of these, And I have to use a lot of these, And I have to use a lot of these, antihistamines. So, I've been using them antihistamines. So, I've been using them antihistamines. So, I've been using them for a very very very long time since I for a very very very long time since I for a very very very long time since I was probably 5 years old. Okay? So, what was probably 5 years old. Okay? So, what was probably 5 years old. Okay? So, what this does is hopefully going to replace this does is hopefully going to replace this does is hopefully going to replace any drug or any kind of antihistamine any drug or any kind of antihistamine any drug or any kind of antihistamine that you may have for like headaches or that you may have for like headaches or that you may have for like headaches or nasal congestion or guitar or anything nasal congestion or guitar or anything nasal congestion or guitar or anything like that for cold, flu. You can like that for cold, flu. You can like that for cold, flu. You can obviously have your TENS pads running, obviously have your TENS pads running, obviously have your TENS pads running, and you can also have these running at and you can also have these running at and you can also have these running at the same time. the same time. the same time. Okay? Now, in the box that you also do Okay? Now, in the box that you also do Okay? Now, in the box that you also do get get get is um a pack of is um a pack of is um a pack of uh uh uh I don't know. I think they're kind of I don't know. I think they're kind of I don't know. I think they're kind of like covers, and it also makes sure that like covers, and it also makes sure that like covers, and it also makes sure that it sticks in your nose or your ear. it sticks in your nose or your ear. it sticks in your nose or your ear. I think you can also put them in your I think you can also put them in your I think you can also put them in your mouth as well, okay? For like teeth ache mouth as well, okay? For like teeth ache mouth as well, okay? For like teeth ache and tooth ache. and tooth ache. and tooth ache. But, these just generally it's the same But, these just generally it's the same But, these just generally it's the same as everything that you'll find with as everything that you'll find with as everything that you'll find with their products. It's all quite their products. It's all quite their products. It's all quite straightforward. You know, you just plug straightforward. You know, you just plug straightforward. You know, you just plug one end into the generator, okay? Or one end into the generator, okay? Or one end into the generator, okay? Or into the boost port. into the boost port. into the boost port. Okay? Literally like so. Okay? Literally like so. Okay? Literally like so. And you'll see the program part after And you'll see the program part after And you'll see the program part after this section. And then these light up, this section. And then these light up, this section. And then these light up, and there's like rays of light inside of and there's like rays of light inside of and there's like rays of light inside of here. And it kind of gives off a very here. And it kind of gives off a very here. And it kind of gives off a very warm warm warm uh light like the watch does, okay? And uh light like the watch does, okay? And uh light like the watch does, okay? And these are either in your these are either in your these are either in your ears or your nose, and I think maybe ears or your nose, and I think maybe ears or your nose, and I think maybe sometimes your mouth. Not really sure. sometimes your mouth. Not really sure. sometimes your mouth. Not really sure. Make sure you wipe them before you put Make sure you wipe them before you put Make sure you wipe them before you put them in from your ears or your nose to them in from your ears or your nose to them in from your ears or your nose to your mouth, obviously, okay? But, your mouth, obviously, okay? But, your mouth, obviously, okay? But, there's another product that you get there's another product that you get there's another product that you get that is enabling you to be able to that is enabling you to be able to that is enabling you to be able to think, "Okay, where think, "Okay, where think, "Okay, where is the pain or where is it that needs is the pain or where is it that needs is the pain or where is it that needs work?" Because guarantee you within this work?" Because guarantee you within this work?" Because guarantee you within this pack that you get from them, it provides pack that you get from them, it provides pack that you get from them, it provides you with upper and middle and lower you with upper and middle and lower you with upper and middle and lower body, okay, that you can use, okay? So, body, okay, that you can use, okay? So, body, okay, that you can use, okay? So, there's another product that you there's another product that you there's another product that you actually get. So, there is the unboxing actually get. So, there is the unboxing actually get. So, there is the unboxing and we're going to go over to the the and we're going to go over to the the and we're going to go over to the the bit that's difficult, but it's not very bit that's difficult, but it's not very bit that's difficult, but it's not very difficult, but you will see that I also difficult, but you will see that I also difficult, but you will see that I also make a mistake. make a mistake. make a mistake. But, I've put together a spiritual kind But, I've put together a spiritual kind But, I've put together a spiritual kind of healing cleansing bath, if you like, of healing cleansing bath, if you like, of healing cleansing bath, if you like, and I'm showing you how to use their and I'm showing you how to use their and I'm showing you how to use their program that you also get free of charge program that you also get free of charge program that you also get free of charge that you can download from their website that you can download from their website that you can download from their website and use all of these products with. And and use all of these products with. And and use all of these products with. And I'm kind of showing you how to I'm kind of showing you how to I'm kind of showing you how to how I put together a chakra and aura how I put together a chakra and aura how I put together a chakra and aura healing Kundalini healing Kundalini healing Kundalini energy healing in and L negative energy healing in and L negative energy healing in and L negative thinking, negative thoughts, and all of thinking, negative thoughts, and all of thinking, negative thoughts, and all of that is on the next section. But, what I that is on the next section. But, what I that is on the next section. But, what I will say to you is that if you click any will say to you is that if you click any will say to you is that if you click any of the links provided below, you will of the links provided below, you will of the links provided below, you will find a discount code or somewhere of find a discount code or somewhere of find a discount code or somewhere of getting a discount that you can use in getting a discount that you can use in getting a discount that you can use in order to purchase a whole package order to purchase a whole package order to purchase a whole package or individual items. If you've already or individual items. If you've already or individual items. If you've already got the Spooky2 stuff, you can, you got the Spooky2 stuff, you can, you got the Spooky2 stuff, you can, you know, buy something with 5% off. know, buy something with 5% off. know, buy something with 5% off. Um Um Um I do receive a very small commission in I do receive a very small commission in I do receive a very small commission in order for you to do so, which is very order for you to do so, which is very order for you to do so, which is very helpful. So, please make sure that you helpful. So, please make sure that you helpful. So, please make sure that you use that link and that code so I can use that link and that code so I can use that link and that code so I can also get a very small commission. But, I also get a very small commission. But, I also get a very small commission. But, I just would like to say thank you for just would like to say thank you for just would like to say thank you for Spooky2 for sending me this product and Spooky2 for sending me this product and Spooky2 for sending me this product and putting me onto something new that I putting me onto something new that I putting me onto something new that I didn't actually know myself that has didn't actually know myself that has didn't actually know myself that has really been helping me on my journey and really been helping me on my journey and really been helping me on my journey and to be able to um to be able to um to be able to um help with my remote viewing and my help with my remote viewing and my help with my remote viewing and my visions that I receive. This is a very visions that I receive. This is a very visions that I receive. This is a very big um best friend of mine at the big um best friend of mine at the big um best friend of mine at the moment. So, I'm going to leave you and moment. So, I'm going to leave you and moment. So, I'm going to leave you and let you go over to me and um I would let you go over to me and um I would let you go over to me and um I would just like to say thank you and I will just like to say thank you and I will just like to say thank you and I will see you soon. Okay, guys, so here we are see you soon. Okay, guys, so here we are see you soon. Okay, guys, so here we are in the Spooky2 software and I will admit in the Spooky2 software and I will admit in the Spooky2 software and I will admit to you that there is a slight amount of to you that there is a slight amount of to you that there is a slight amount of um learning curve. It can it I mean, it um learning curve. It can it I mean, it um learning curve. It can it I mean, it depends on if you're really good, if depends on if you're really good, if depends on if you're really good, if you're technical minded and stuff, and I you're technical minded and stuff, and I you're technical minded and stuff, and I don't really think that you need to be don't really think that you need to be don't really think that you need to be that technical minded. What I will say that technical minded. What I will say that technical minded. What I will say is though is is that you do have to is though is is that you do have to is though is is that you do have to obviously have a laptop or a PC obviously have a laptop or a PC obviously have a laptop or a PC uh because this uses Windows. uh because this uses Windows. uh because this uses Windows. Um and I I don't think that you can use Um and I I don't think that you can use Um and I I don't think that you can use an iPad an iPad an iPad um or a an Android. I'm really not sure, um or a an Android. I'm really not sure, um or a an Android. I'm really not sure, but I will have to ask the guys but I will have to ask the guys but I will have to ask the guys um over at Spooky2, but as far as I um over at Spooky2, but as far as I um over at Spooky2, but as far as I know, really you've got to have a PC or know, really you've got to have a PC or know, really you've got to have a PC or a laptop. But, most people do these a laptop. But, most people do these a laptop. But, most people do these days. days. days. Um anyway, so you're going to be seeing Um anyway, so you're going to be seeing Um anyway, so you're going to be seeing my screen here. So, my screen here. So, my screen here. So, as all of us that are on this channel as all of us that are on this channel as all of us that are on this channel are spiritual or a lot of people that are spiritual or a lot of people that are spiritual or a lot of people that use these kind of things are very use these kind of things are very use these kind of things are very spiritual in mind because they use spiritual in mind because they use spiritual in mind because they use frequencies, vibrations, and obviously frequencies, vibrations, and obviously frequencies, vibrations, and obviously when we do meditation and stuff like when we do meditation and stuff like when we do meditation and stuff like that, we look at like chakra healing, that, we look at like chakra healing, that, we look at like chakra healing, auras, uh vitality of life energy, auras, uh vitality of life energy, auras, uh vitality of life energy, energy healing, energy healing, energy healing, uh what we feel through soulmates and uh what we feel through soulmates and uh what we feel through soulmates and stuff and connections with soulmates and stuff and connections with soulmates and stuff and connections with soulmates and people and stuff like that. So, this people and stuff like that. So, this people and stuff like that. So, this machine kind of does it for you. It's machine kind of does it for you. It's machine kind of does it for you. It's like your own personal soulmate, if you like your own personal soulmate, if you like your own personal soulmate, if you like. So, what I've actually discovered like. So, what I've actually discovered like. So, what I've actually discovered this morning as myself is that you can this morning as myself is that you can this morning as myself is that you can make up a program and I will run you make up a program and I will run you make up a program and I will run you through this, but you can make up a through this, but you can make up a through this, but you can make up a program yourself of something that you program yourself of something that you program yourself of something that you want running want running want running of like your morning ritual. of like your morning ritual. of like your morning ritual. So, So, So, for a lot of us, we obviously do a lot for a lot of us, we obviously do a lot for a lot of us, we obviously do a lot of meditations in the mornings before we of meditations in the mornings before we of meditations in the mornings before we start our practice or stuff like that start our practice or stuff like that start our practice or stuff like that and whatever it is that we're doing. and whatever it is that we're doing. and whatever it is that we're doing. So, we can make up a program that is So, we can make up a program that is So, we can make up a program that is going to allow us in order to more than going to allow us in order to more than going to allow us in order to more than likely meditate at the same time, but likely meditate at the same time, but likely meditate at the same time, but then also use the Spooky2 products that then also use the Spooky2 products that then also use the Spooky2 products that also give us a very big boost and also give us a very big boost and also give us a very big boost and enhanced energy feeling at the same time enhanced energy feeling at the same time enhanced energy feeling at the same time as listening to meditation. as listening to meditation. as listening to meditation. Now, Spooky2 actually do do their uh own Now, Spooky2 actually do do their uh own Now, Spooky2 actually do do their uh own meditation music that is well, to be meditation music that is well, to be meditation music that is well, to be fair, a lot of it is not actually music, fair, a lot of it is not actually music, fair, a lot of it is not actually music, it's frequencies. So, you probably can't it's frequencies. So, you probably can't it's frequencies. So, you probably can't hear it. Uh it's a little bit like a dog hear it. Uh it's a little bit like a dog hear it. Uh it's a little bit like a dog whistle or a deer whistle. whistle or a deer whistle. whistle or a deer whistle. If you know my my uh last prediction of If you know my my uh last prediction of If you know my my uh last prediction of where I actually predicted my own where I actually predicted my own where I actually predicted my own accident, then uh oh dear. Huh, but accident, then uh oh dear. Huh, but accident, then uh oh dear. Huh, but never mind. Let's kind of go into the never mind. Let's kind of go into the never mind. Let's kind of go into the program here. So, what you'll see that program here. So, what you'll see that program here. So, what you'll see that I've done, if you have a quick look I've done, if you have a quick look I've done, if you have a quick look here, here, here, it says aura and then it also says it says aura and then it also says it says aura and then it also says emotional spectrum. emotional spectrum. emotional spectrum. Energy in, Energy in, Energy in, energy vitalize one, vitality, energy vitalize one, vitality, energy vitalize one, vitality, energy vitalize capital, whatever that energy vitalize capital, whatever that energy vitalize capital, whatever that is, I'm not sure. Uh fat energy is, I'm not sure. Uh fat energy is, I'm not sure. Uh fat energy metabolism. So, it's kind of like metabolism. So, it's kind of like metabolism. So, it's kind of like digesting all of the fat cells, kind of digesting all of the fat cells, kind of digesting all of the fat cells, kind of going through your body, organizing going through your body, organizing going through your body, organizing everything that is to do with like food everything that is to do with like food everything that is to do with like food and things like this, okay? And then and things like this, okay? And then and things like this, okay? And then keeping the good stuff and trying to get keeping the good stuff and trying to get keeping the good stuff and trying to get rid of the bad stuff. So, it'll be like rid of the bad stuff. So, it'll be like rid of the bad stuff. So, it'll be like cholesterol and things you can kind of cholesterol and things you can kind of cholesterol and things you can kind of look into. look into. look into. Um Um Um but like and then also fatigue syndrome. but like and then also fatigue syndrome. but like and then also fatigue syndrome. So, feeling very tired and energetically So, feeling very tired and energetically So, feeling very tired and energetically drained throughout the day is obviously drained throughout the day is obviously drained throughout the day is obviously going to be a big one for a lot of us. going to be a big one for a lot of us. going to be a big one for a lot of us. And then also I've got a Kundalini And then also I've got a Kundalini And then also I've got a Kundalini expand. expand. expand. Okay. Now, this is just something that Okay. Now, this is just something that Okay. Now, this is just something that I've made up very quickly that I thought I've made up very quickly that I thought I've made up very quickly that I thought a lot of you guys would be very a lot of you guys would be very a lot of you guys would be very interested in. interested in. interested in. So, here in this box here, So, here in this box here, So, here in this box here, okay? If I can bring up um a pen, okay? If I can bring up um a pen, okay? If I can bring up um a pen, you'll be able to see what I'm kind of you'll be able to see what I'm kind of you'll be able to see what I'm kind of doing here. Okay, here. You'll be able doing here. Okay, here. You'll be able doing here. Okay, here. You'll be able to see that there are frequencies, to see that there are frequencies, to see that there are frequencies, certain frequencies that are kind of certain frequencies that are kind of certain frequencies that are kind of telling you all of the information that telling you all of the information that telling you all of the information that you're going to be able to see you're going to be able to see you're going to be able to see everywhere, okay? everywhere, okay? everywhere, okay? So, it goes through its cycle, So, it goes through its cycle, So, it goes through its cycle, okay, blah blah blah. okay, blah blah blah. okay, blah blah blah. Let me just kind of get rid of this. I'm Let me just kind of get rid of this. I'm Let me just kind of get rid of this. I'm sort of multitasking here. sort of multitasking here. sort of multitasking here. And I'm also very new to this myself. And I'm also very new to this myself. And I'm also very new to this myself. You know me, I'm always blatantly honest You know me, I'm always blatantly honest You know me, I'm always blatantly honest with what I do. I've had They've been with what I do. I've had They've been with what I do. I've had They've been absolutely great over uh in Spooky2 um absolutely great over uh in Spooky2 um absolutely great over uh in Spooky2 um with all of their communication with all of their communication with all of their communication that they've done in order to help me. that they've done in order to help me. that they've done in order to help me. But, let's see anyway. But, let's see anyway. But, let's see anyway. So, for a start, what I've done is I've So, for a start, what I've done is I've So, for a start, what I've done is I've started off with a started off with a started off with a Let me try and figure out how to work. Let me try and figure out how to work. Let me try and figure out how to work. So, preset. So, we go back to presets, So, preset. So, we go back to presets, So, preset. So, we go back to presets, okay? So, what we're looking at, these okay? So, what we're looking at, these okay? So, what we're looking at, these are there's healing or there's At the are there's healing or there's At the are there's healing or there's At the moment, that we're just going to stick moment, that we're just going to stick moment, that we're just going to stick with the basics cuz a lot of these can, with the basics cuz a lot of these can, with the basics cuz a lot of these can, you know, it can really start to get you know, it can really start to get you know, it can really start to get very difficult for you me to overwhelm very difficult for you me to overwhelm very difficult for you me to overwhelm you and that is not my goal. you and that is not my goal. you and that is not my goal. So, we're looking at either healing or So, we're looking at either healing or So, we're looking at either healing or killing. killing. killing. But, the moment that you tap on these, But, the moment that you tap on these, But, the moment that you tap on these, it will give you a it will give you a it will give you a um a brief disc uh description or a note um a brief disc uh description or a note um a brief disc uh description or a note of what shell presets mean. of what shell presets mean. of what shell presets mean. Okay. Okay. Okay. Basically, a shell is something that's Basically, a shell is something that's Basically, a shell is something that's empty. empty. empty. Okay, it's like an empty shell and it's Okay, it's like an empty shell and it's Okay, it's like an empty shell and it's ready to be filled with something. And ready to be filled with something. And ready to be filled with something. And that's all of the information and stuff that's all of the information and stuff that's all of the information and stuff that you can use in order to fill it that you can use in order to fill it that you can use in order to fill it with all of your own programs and with all of your own programs and with all of your own programs and frequencies, pretty much, okay, in a frequencies, pretty much, okay, in a frequencies, pretty much, okay, in a nutshell. nutshell. nutshell. Um Um Um So, what we're looking at is when we use So, what we're looking at is when we use So, what we're looking at is when we use these here, that is home, obviously, these here, that is home, obviously, these here, that is home, obviously, okay? And this goes up a level back to okay? And this goes up a level back to okay? And this goes up a level back to the last page or we can just go home. the last page or we can just go home. the last page or we can just go home. Okay. So, really what we're looking at Okay. So, really what we're looking at Okay. So, really what we're looking at is we're looking at that we want to do is we're looking at that we want to do is we're looking at that we want to do some some some we want a a shell preset, okay? we want a a shell preset, okay? we want a a shell preset, okay? That means an empty page, blank page, That means an empty page, blank page, That means an empty page, blank page, basically. Then we're looking at coil, basically. Then we're looking at coil, basically. Then we're looking at coil, contact, plasma, remote, scalar, contact, plasma, remote, scalar, contact, plasma, remote, scalar, footbath, uh general, spooky audio, footbath, uh general, spooky audio, footbath, uh general, spooky audio, which is the is kind of like silent which is the is kind of like silent which is the is kind of like silent meditation, but only frequency-wise that meditation, but only frequency-wise that meditation, but only frequency-wise that you're more than likely not going to be you're more than likely not going to be you're more than likely not going to be able to hear, able to hear, able to hear, or spooky cold laser. or spooky cold laser. or spooky cold laser. Now, all of this will be put in the Now, all of this will be put in the Now, all of this will be put in the description box below of what these description box below of what these description box below of what these mean, okay, and what they are, and I mean, okay, and what they are, and I mean, okay, and what they are, and I will probably go over a lot of that sort will probably go over a lot of that sort will probably go over a lot of that sort of stuff. of stuff. of stuff. Um well, I'm recording this first, so Um well, I'm recording this first, so Um well, I'm recording this first, so it's probably I've already showed you, it's probably I've already showed you, it's probably I've already showed you, maybe. maybe. maybe. So, we're going to pick contact. So, we're going to pick contact. So, we're going to pick contact. So, contact is obviously things that are So, contact is obviously things that are So, contact is obviously things that are contacting your skin. contacting your skin. contacting your skin. Okay, like we'll just use, say, the tens Okay, like we'll just use, say, the tens Okay, like we'll just use, say, the tens pads, maybe the poles. pads, maybe the poles. pads, maybe the poles. Um I would also say that the cold laser Um I would also say that the cold laser Um I would also say that the cold laser is the wristband, but it is also is the wristband, but it is also is the wristband, but it is also contacting your skin, so it's kind of contacting your skin, so it's kind of contacting your skin, so it's kind of both. You can use like tens pads and the both. You can use like tens pads and the both. You can use like tens pads and the wristbands and the watches kind of wristbands and the watches kind of wristbands and the watches kind of products that they have on offer and products that they have on offer and products that they have on offer and that you will also get with that you will also get with that you will also get with your purchase, if you purchase anything your purchase, if you purchase anything your purchase, if you purchase anything really. But, if you purchase the kit, really. But, if you purchase the kit, really. But, if you purchase the kit, the starter kit, you'll kind of get the starter kit, you'll kind of get the starter kit, you'll kind of get everything in you know, that you need. everything in you know, that you need. everything in you know, that you need. So, what we're looking at now is we're So, what we're looking at now is we're So, what we're looking at now is we're going to look at healing, going to look at healing, going to look at healing, So, when I double click healing or just So, when I double click healing or just So, when I double click healing or just click healing, it'll give us a brief click healing, it'll give us a brief click healing, it'll give us a brief description of that this shell preset uh description of that this shell preset uh description of that this shell preset uh preset uh contains no frequencies. It preset uh contains no frequencies. It preset uh contains no frequencies. It has been designed for programs that heal has been designed for programs that heal has been designed for programs that heal um um um entrain or detox. entrain or detox. entrain or detox. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, we're looking at healing. So, then So, we're looking at healing. So, then So, we're looking at healing. So, then what we do is we go over to what we do is we go over to what we do is we go over to programs, programs, programs, okay, and we want to fill this shell okay, and we want to fill this shell okay, and we want to fill this shell that we've got, which is loaded that we've got, which is loaded that we've got, which is loaded programs, into the shell. So, we're programs, into the shell. So, we're programs, into the shell. So, we're going to load the shell full of going to load the shell full of going to load the shell full of programs. programs. programs. So, what you'll see is that I typed here So, what you'll see is that I typed here So, what you'll see is that I typed here is energy cuz that's really what this is energy cuz that's really what this is energy cuz that's really what this channel will deal with mainly, I would channel will deal with mainly, I would channel will deal with mainly, I would say. say. say. Okay. So, we're looking at adrenal gland Okay. So, we're looking at adrenal gland Okay. So, we're looking at adrenal gland balance, adrenal glands. Then you've got balance, adrenal glands. Then you've got balance, adrenal glands. Then you've got cuz there are so many programs on here. cuz there are so many programs on here. cuz there are so many programs on here. So, aura sounds good, right? So, aura So, aura sounds good, right? So, aura So, aura sounds good, right? So, aura excuse me, will give us a brief excuse me, will give us a brief excuse me, will give us a brief description of what aura is. An aura of description of what aura is. An aura of description of what aura is. An aura of human energy field is, according to human energy field is, according to human energy field is, according to New Age beliefs a colored Uh well, I'm New Age beliefs a colored Uh well, I'm New Age beliefs a colored Uh well, I'm not going to read it all out, but it not going to read it all out, but it not going to read it all out, but it kind of goes over it for you there. kind of goes over it for you there. kind of goes over it for you there. Okay. So, we're going to have aura. So, Okay. So, we're going to have aura. So, Okay. So, we're going to have aura. So, you can either double click aura or you you can either double click aura or you you can either double click aura or you can press this button here. can press this button here. can press this button here. Plus. So, it's added aura into our shell Plus. So, it's added aura into our shell Plus. So, it's added aura into our shell of a practice that we're going to be of a practice that we're going to be of a practice that we're going to be using in the morning times or in the using in the morning times or in the using in the morning times or in the evening or at night, but say we're doing evening or at night, but say we're doing evening or at night, but say we're doing it in the morning before we start our it in the morning before we start our it in the morning before we start our our journey of life, basically. our journey of life, basically. our journey of life, basically. Especially if you are tarot card readers Especially if you are tarot card readers Especially if you are tarot card readers or you experience a lot of or you experience a lot of or you experience a lot of karma and bad thoughts because there's karma and bad thoughts because there's karma and bad thoughts because there's another one on here that we'd like to another one on here that we'd like to another one on here that we'd like to add, which is also negative thinking. add, which is also negative thinking. add, which is also negative thinking. So, you will also see here that there is So, you will also see here that there is So, you will also see here that there is a timeline of how long these will take. a timeline of how long these will take. a timeline of how long these will take. So, to do a aura sweep it says that it So, to do a aura sweep it says that it So, to do a aura sweep it says that it will take up to 3 minutes in order to do will take up to 3 minutes in order to do will take up to 3 minutes in order to do it. So, that's really not long. So, that it. So, that's really not long. So, that it. So, that's really not long. So, that is good for our starting off point of is good for our starting off point of is good for our starting off point of uh frequencies looking at our aura. uh frequencies looking at our aura. uh frequencies looking at our aura. Okay. So, then we can kind of go down Okay. So, then we can kind of go down Okay. So, then we can kind of go down the list here. Blood pressure. the list here. Blood pressure. the list here. Blood pressure. So, if we have high blood pressure, we So, if we have high blood pressure, we So, if we have high blood pressure, we can kind of think, you know what, I've can kind of think, you know what, I've can kind of think, you know what, I've got headache and so on and so forth. And got headache and so on and so forth. And got headache and so on and so forth. And blood pressure really could be causing a blood pressure really could be causing a blood pressure really could be causing a lot of blocks, clearing emotional trauma lot of blocks, clearing emotional trauma lot of blocks, clearing emotional trauma and balance. So, it can be like PTSD and and balance. So, it can be like PTSD and and balance. So, it can be like PTSD and stuff. It's really interesting to read stuff. It's really interesting to read stuff. It's really interesting to read what it is that they've put that they what it is that they've put that they what it is that they've put that they do. So, I'm liking a bit of that. So, do. So, I'm liking a bit of that. So, do. So, I'm liking a bit of that. So, we're going to have a bit of blood we're going to have a bit of blood we're going to have a bit of blood pressure and balance, too. Okay. pressure and balance, too. Okay. pressure and balance, too. Okay. So, um then we're looking at cerebral So, um then we're looking at cerebral So, um then we're looking at cerebral energy. So, that's like the cerebral energy. So, that's like the cerebral energy. So, that's like the cerebral cortex. Okay. cortex. Okay. cortex. Okay. A program called by uh Van A program called by uh Van A program called by uh Van uh Gelder Gelder, I don't know. Energy. uh Gelder Gelder, I don't know. Energy. uh Gelder Gelder, I don't know. Energy. Can't read, but spirit did give me a Can't read, but spirit did give me a Can't read, but spirit did give me a gift. I can read from the Akashic gift. I can read from the Akashic gift. I can read from the Akashic records and I can read people and tarot records and I can read people and tarot records and I can read people and tarot cards and speak to the deceased. I just cards and speak to the deceased. I just cards and speak to the deceased. I just can't read words. Unfortunately, not can't read words. Unfortunately, not can't read words. Unfortunately, not very well. very well. very well. So, we're looking at cerebral energy. So, we're looking at cerebral energy. So, we're looking at cerebral energy. Another energy another time of 3 Another energy another time of 3 Another energy another time of 3 minutes. minutes. minutes. So, we're going to add that into our So, we're going to add that into our So, we're going to add that into our shell, as well. shell, as well. shell, as well. Then we're looking at chronic fatigue Then we're looking at chronic fatigue Then we're looking at chronic fatigue syndrome. syndrome. syndrome. So, if you are like me and you So, if you are like me and you So, if you are like me and you experience things like sleep apnea this experience things like sleep apnea this experience things like sleep apnea this is very good for sleep apnea because is very good for sleep apnea because is very good for sleep apnea because you'll know that during the day you'll know that during the day you'll know that during the day through not really having REM sleep, through not really having REM sleep, through not really having REM sleep, your brain is going to be causing a lot your brain is going to be causing a lot your brain is going to be causing a lot of confusion of confusion of confusion and a lot of fatigue. And we really want and a lot of fatigue. And we really want and a lot of fatigue. And we really want good energy around us and we want to be good energy around us and we want to be good energy around us and we want to be um um um Sorry, my phone is also going off. I've Sorry, my phone is also going off. I've Sorry, my phone is also going off. I've got a lot of clients. got a lot of clients. got a lot of clients. But we want like really good clear But we want like really good clear But we want like really good clear crystal thoughts. Okay. So, we're going crystal thoughts. Okay. So, we're going crystal thoughts. Okay. So, we're going to have um fatigue. to have um fatigue. to have um fatigue. Okay. Then we've got emotional spectrum. Okay. Then we've got emotional spectrum. Okay. Then we've got emotional spectrum. We start going on from energy, they We start going on from energy, they We start going on from energy, they start to give us this these um presets start to give us this these um presets start to give us this these um presets that are also relating to energy of that are also relating to energy of that are also relating to energy of emotional spectrum. emotional spectrum. emotional spectrum. Right? So, the emotional spectrum is an Right? So, the emotional spectrum is an Right? So, the emotional spectrum is an energy field that is um energy field that is um energy field that is um fluid by the emotions for uh fluid by the emotions for uh fluid by the emotions for uh fueled by the emotions of all sentient fueled by the emotions of all sentient fueled by the emotions of all sentient beings mind. So, this is a very beings mind. So, this is a very beings mind. So, this is a very spiritual kind of spiritual kind of spiritual kind of program or exercise that program or exercise that program or exercise that I'm going to start doing and adding into I'm going to start doing and adding into I'm going to start doing and adding into my daily routine. my daily routine. my daily routine. So, we're going to add emotional So, we're going to add emotional So, we're going to add emotional spectrum. spectrum. spectrum. Then we're also got another one, which Then we're also got another one, which Then we're also got another one, which is like uh energy flow. is like uh energy flow. is like uh energy flow. So, if I didn't say the other one that So, if I didn't say the other one that So, if I didn't say the other one that we just looked at, emotional spectrum, we just looked at, emotional spectrum, we just looked at, emotional spectrum, that is also a 3-minute. So, we're that is also a 3-minute. So, we're that is also a 3-minute. So, we're really not looking at long. So, energy really not looking at long. So, energy really not looking at long. So, energy flow, 9 minutes. Okay. flow, 9 minutes. Okay. flow, 9 minutes. Okay. So, we'll we'll add a bit of that, too. So, we'll we'll add a bit of that, too. So, we'll we'll add a bit of that, too. That's obvious, right? Energy flow. That's obvious, right? Energy flow. That's obvious, right? Energy flow. That's 9 minutes. Then you've got That's 9 minutes. Then you've got That's 9 minutes. Then you've got looking at energy in and also energy looking at energy in and also energy looking at energy in and also energy out. out. out. So, I think they're probably both good So, I think they're probably both good So, I think they're probably both good to go with those. So, we'll have energy to go with those. So, we'll have energy to go with those. So, we'll have energy in and energy out. in and energy out. in and energy out. Okay. Okay. Okay. Then we're looking at energy vitalized. Then we're looking at energy vitalized. Then we're looking at energy vitalized. Now, I know that I added this Now, I know that I added this Now, I know that I added this to my preset, this vitalized energy. to my preset, this vitalized energy. to my preset, this vitalized energy. Um vitality. And I really did feel that Um vitality. And I really did feel that Um vitality. And I really did feel that this morning this morning this morning um after about an hour and a half of me um after about an hour and a half of me um after about an hour and a half of me waking up, I'm kind of thinking, right, waking up, I'm kind of thinking, right, waking up, I'm kind of thinking, right, I need to start doing my readings and I need to start doing my readings and I need to start doing my readings and start doing YouTube. Obviously feeling start doing YouTube. Obviously feeling start doing YouTube. Obviously feeling very drained throughout the night very drained throughout the night very drained throughout the night because of sleep apnea. So, energy because of sleep apnea. So, energy because of sleep apnea. So, energy vitalization for me is very important. vitalization for me is very important. vitalization for me is very important. So, I'm kind of like, okay, I really So, I'm kind of like, okay, I really So, I'm kind of like, okay, I really want to add a bit of this want to add a bit of this want to add a bit of this energy vitalized one. energy vitalized one. energy vitalized one. Uh it also says depression in general. Uh it also says depression in general. Uh it also says depression in general. Now, the first one doesn't really says Now, the first one doesn't really says Now, the first one doesn't really says say that. This one goes more onto foods say that. This one goes more onto foods say that. This one goes more onto foods that will help you energize your body uh that will help you energize your body uh that will help you energize your body uh batteries and help you recover batteries and help you recover batteries and help you recover um and revitalize when you feel tired. um and revitalize when you feel tired. um and revitalize when you feel tired. So, it's kind of like giving you So, it's kind of like giving you So, it's kind of like giving you vitamins cuz you can actually have vitamins cuz you can actually have vitamins cuz you can actually have minerals and vitamins, as well through a minerals and vitamins, as well through a minerals and vitamins, as well through a lot of the programs that they've got, lot of the programs that they've got, lot of the programs that they've got, but this is kind of like an added bonus. but this is kind of like an added bonus. but this is kind of like an added bonus. So, we want the we really want the So, we want the we really want the So, we want the we really want the vitalized one. vitalized one. vitalized one. For me, not really vitalized two. Okay. For me, not really vitalized two. Okay. For me, not really vitalized two. Okay. Um then we can go on to another one, but Um then we can go on to another one, but Um then we can go on to another one, but we're just going to kind of stick with we're just going to kind of stick with we're just going to kind of stick with the first one. Okay. the first one. Okay. the first one. Okay. Did I add it? Don't think I did. Did I add it? Don't think I did. Did I add it? Don't think I did. Um vitalized one. Yeah, I did. Yeah. So, Um vitalized one. Yeah, I did. Yeah. So, Um vitalized one. Yeah, I did. Yeah. So, we can double click that one and that we can double click that one and that we can double click that one and that will go. will go. will go. So, energy delivering. So, energy delivering. So, energy delivering. Okay, not really a description in that Okay, not really a description in that Okay, not really a description in that one, but we've got a lot of energy still one, but we've got a lot of energy still one, but we've got a lot of energy still kind of stuff going on, but I am going kind of stuff going on, but I am going kind of stuff going on, but I am going to add that one. to add that one. to add that one. So, essential oils So, essential oils So, essential oils fat cells fat cells fat cells Okay. Now, this is all just under the Okay. Now, this is all just under the Okay. Now, this is all just under the energy of energy of energy of the category of energy. the category of energy. the category of energy. So, um So, um So, um fats energy metabolism fats energy metabolism fats energy metabolism fatigue two three fatigue general, fatigue two three fatigue general, fatigue two three fatigue general, fatigue syndrome chronic fatigue and fatigue syndrome chronic fatigue and fatigue syndrome chronic fatigue and another one. These are all been altered another one. These are all been altered another one. These are all been altered to different frequencies and times, but to different frequencies and times, but to different frequencies and times, but you will have to read these kind of you will have to read these kind of you will have to read these kind of things to like drowsiness. Okay. things to like drowsiness. Okay. things to like drowsiness. Okay. Gives you a description of what fatigue Gives you a description of what fatigue Gives you a description of what fatigue is and chronic fatigue and so on and so is and chronic fatigue and so on and so is and chronic fatigue and so on and so forth. So, we're going to look I'm going forth. So, we're going to look I'm going forth. So, we're going to look I'm going to look at syndrome. Okay. to look at syndrome. Okay. to look at syndrome. Okay. So, we're going to add that. So, we're going to add that. So, we're going to add that. Then we've got intensities. Then we've got intensities. Then we've got intensities. Um gastrointestinal tract um digestive Um gastrointestinal tract um digestive Um gastrointestinal tract um digestive tract. tract. tract. So, gut the GI tract. So, gut the GI tract. So, gut the GI tract. Um we'll add that, too. Okay. Now, Um we'll add that, too. Okay. Now, Um we'll add that, too. Okay. Now, Kundalini, there we go. So, this is one Kundalini, there we go. So, this is one Kundalini, there we go. So, this is one that I also found out this morning by that I also found out this morning by that I also found out this morning by basically just browsing through a lot of basically just browsing through a lot of basically just browsing through a lot of these programs. Is is that so cuz I was these programs. Is is that so cuz I was these programs. Is is that so cuz I was going to put in spiritual in the box going to put in spiritual in the box going to put in spiritual in the box here to try and here to try and here to try and you know, break down because there are you know, break down because there are you know, break down because there are so many different programs that it would so many different programs that it would so many different programs that it would take you hours in order to go through take you hours in order to go through take you hours in order to go through them all. So, they've obviously given us them all. So, they've obviously given us them all. So, they've obviously given us a window like Google is, like you kind a window like Google is, like you kind a window like Google is, like you kind of do your own little search and it will of do your own little search and it will of do your own little search and it will come up with all of the things that come up with all of the things that come up with all of the things that you're kind of looking for. you're kind of looking for. you're kind of looking for. I happened to put in energy. So, I happened to put in energy. So, I happened to put in energy. So, Kundalini expand. In yoga Kundalini expand. In yoga Kundalini expand. In yoga uh female energy uh female energy uh female energy uh blah blah blah blah blah so on and so uh blah blah blah blah blah so on and so uh blah blah blah blah blah so on and so forth. So, we're going to have forth. So, we're going to have forth. So, we're going to have Kundalini. Now, you've got minerals Kundalini. Now, you've got minerals Kundalini. Now, you've got minerals minerals again minerals again minerals again muscle toxic muscle toxic muscle toxic uh plant uh plant uh plant vitalized energy, vital energy vitalized energy, vital energy vitalized energy, vital energy uh ATP uh ATP uh ATP uh there are so many on here, guys. I uh there are so many on here, guys. I uh there are so many on here, guys. I don't want to bore you. I thought that don't want to bore you. I thought that don't want to bore you. I thought that said Akashic records then for the said Akashic records then for the said Akashic records then for the moment. moment. moment. Um Um Um What have we got? Calcium What have we got? Calcium What have we got? Calcium uh copper uh copper uh copper So, it's looking at all of the So, it's looking at all of the So, it's looking at all of the uh metals within our blood, as well. uh metals within our blood, as well. uh metals within our blood, as well. Um Um Um detoxing detoxing detoxing I'm trying to think what else we could I'm trying to think what else we could I'm trying to think what else we could kind of add to our morning routine of kind of add to our morning routine of kind of add to our morning routine of spiritual enlightenment spiritual enlightenment spiritual enlightenment here. here. here. Um but I'm sure they are all here. Um but I'm sure they are all here. Um but I'm sure they are all here. Magnesium, I would say that's a very Magnesium, I would say that's a very Magnesium, I would say that's a very good one in order to look at cuz we're good one in order to look at cuz we're good one in order to look at cuz we're not looking at not looking at not looking at killing, don't forget. We're looking at killing, don't forget. We're looking at killing, don't forget. We're looking at healing. healing. healing. Cuz you can have programs, obviously, Cuz you can have programs, obviously, Cuz you can have programs, obviously, running that are doing a sweep over your running that are doing a sweep over your running that are doing a sweep over your body to kill off certain organisms and body to kill off certain organisms and body to kill off certain organisms and things that are in your body. things that are in your body. things that are in your body. Okay. And then we're also looking at Okay. And then we're also looking at Okay. And then we're also looking at then rebuilding the structure of the then rebuilding the structure of the then rebuilding the structure of the body. body. body. Okay. And then putting in fresh amounts Okay. And then putting in fresh amounts Okay. And then putting in fresh amounts of like magnesium. Okay. So, you can do of like magnesium. Okay. So, you can do of like magnesium. Okay. So, you can do different sweeps, different settings. different sweeps, different settings. different sweeps, different settings. Say one set for killing and destroying Say one set for killing and destroying Say one set for killing and destroying and searching and destroying. And then and searching and destroying. And then and searching and destroying. And then we can one have another setting of like we can one have another setting of like we can one have another setting of like um um um vitalization and to replace all of the vitalization and to replace all of the vitalization and to replace all of the bad with the good. bad with the good. bad with the good. So, magnesium would also be a very good So, magnesium would also be a very good So, magnesium would also be a very good one, I would say, because a lot of one, I would say, because a lot of one, I would say, because a lot of people could be deficient in magnesium, people could be deficient in magnesium, people could be deficient in magnesium, especially when we start to look around especially when we start to look around especially when we start to look around the uh context of like sleeping and the uh context of like sleeping and the uh context of like sleeping and fatigue and late nights and stuff like fatigue and late nights and stuff like fatigue and late nights and stuff like that. Magnesium for me is a very good that. Magnesium for me is a very good that. Magnesium for me is a very good one. So, we'll add a bit of magnesium to one. So, we'll add a bit of magnesium to one. So, we'll add a bit of magnesium to it. Okay. it. Okay. it. Okay. So, I'm going to leave that at the So, I'm going to leave that at the So, I'm going to leave that at the moment there. And then what we're going moment there. And then what we're going moment there. And then what we're going to do is we're we're to go over to to do is we're we're to go over to to do is we're we're to go over to settings. Now, I really don't want to settings. Now, I really don't want to settings. Now, I really don't want to confuse you on here because I'm still confuse you on here because I'm still confuse you on here because I'm still learning myself. But, what I do like to learning myself. But, what I do like to learning myself. But, what I do like to do is I look at this part of wobble. do is I look at this part of wobble. do is I look at this part of wobble. Okay, which is amplitude and frequency Okay, which is amplitude and frequency Okay, which is amplitude and frequency and harmonic wobble. and harmonic wobble. and harmonic wobble. Okay. So, if you are into music like I Okay. So, if you are into music like I Okay. So, if you are into music like I am and I mix and master my own music as am and I mix and master my own music as am and I mix and master my own music as well. well. well. If you was to ever make your If you've If you was to ever make your If you've If you was to ever make your If you've ever made a piece a track and a piece of ever made a piece a track and a piece of ever made a piece a track and a piece of um meditation music um meditation music um meditation music or music in general general, we know or music in general general, we know or music in general general, we know that when we look at waveform, we start that when we look at waveform, we start that when we look at waveform, we start to look at these curves and bends, to look at these curves and bends, to look at these curves and bends, square waves where it'd be like And that's obviously how we make tone And that's obviously how we make tone And that's obviously how we make tone and tone of voice and music and and tone of voice and music and and tone of voice and music and frequencies and why some people's voices frequencies and why some people's voices frequencies and why some people's voices annoying and why some people's voice are annoying and why some people's voice are annoying and why some people's voice are very settling and relaxing. Tone of very settling and relaxing. Tone of very settling and relaxing. Tone of voice, so it's frequencies, right? So, voice, so it's frequencies, right? So, voice, so it's frequencies, right? So, waveform. So, waveform. So, waveform. So, when the waveform is going through your when the waveform is going through your when the waveform is going through your system, system, system, we like to make sure that it heals or we like to make sure that it heals or we like to make sure that it heals or kills everything. kills everything. kills everything. So, we start to look at Okay, I want a So, we start to look at Okay, I want a So, we start to look at Okay, I want a sawtooth. sawtooth. sawtooth. Okay. Okay. Okay. As an amp wobble, so it wobbles a little As an amp wobble, so it wobbles a little As an amp wobble, so it wobbles a little bit. And then we also want to say have bit. And then we also want to say have bit. And then we also want to say have an inverted sawtooth as well. an inverted sawtooth as well. an inverted sawtooth as well. But, I will kind of go over this and But, I will kind of go over this and But, I will kind of go over this and then feathering harmonic give it a then feathering harmonic give it a then feathering harmonic give it a feather edge. Okay. It's basically just feather edge. Okay. It's basically just feather edge. Okay. It's basically just making sure that making sure that making sure that you don't miss any kind of things that you don't miss any kind of things that you don't miss any kind of things that are in your body that it misses and it are in your body that it misses and it are in your body that it misses and it skips over skips over skips over or skips a beat or skips a wave and it or skips a beat or skips a wave and it or skips a beat or skips a wave and it jumps over it and it escapes through the jumps over it and it escapes through the jumps over it and it escapes through the body. We want to make sure it does like body. We want to make sure it does like body. We want to make sure it does like a really good sweep all the way through a really good sweep all the way through a really good sweep all the way through the body. the body. the body. So, we'll kind of leave that at the So, we'll kind of leave that at the So, we'll kind of leave that at the moment, but then we'll go to control. moment, but then we'll go to control. moment, but then we'll go to control. Okay. So, I'm up here if you can see my Okay. So, I'm up here if you can see my Okay. So, I'm up here if you can see my uh cursor here. uh cursor here. uh cursor here. So, this is also very important. So, So, this is also very important. So, So, this is also very important. So, what we're looking at in this general what we're looking at in this general what we're looking at in this general box here where it says generator three, box here where it says generator three, box here where it says generator three, healing, is all of these numbers and healing, is all of these numbers and healing, is all of these numbers and these are representing like the these are representing like the these are representing like the frequencies and everything that we've frequencies and everything that we've frequencies and everything that we've been given through all of these things. been given through all of these things. been given through all of these things. So, we're looking at the emotional So, we're looking at the emotional So, we're looking at the emotional spectrum as well We've got the aura, spectrum as well We've got the aura, spectrum as well We've got the aura, emotional spectrum, energy in, energy emotional spectrum, energy in, energy emotional spectrum, energy in, energy vitalize one of vitality one and two, vitalize one of vitality one and two, vitalize one of vitality one and two, fat energy metabolism, fat energy metabolism, fat energy metabolism, uh fatigue syndrome and kundalini uh fatigue syndrome and kundalini uh fatigue syndrome and kundalini expand. expand. expand. Okay. These are all the frequencies that Okay. These are all the frequencies that Okay. These are all the frequencies that it's going to do. it's going to do. it's going to do. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, So, So, what we do is that is we have to make what we do is that is we have to make what we do is that is we have to make sure that we press sure that we press sure that we press override generator. override generator. override generator. Okay. And then we press Okay. And then we press Okay. And then we press this is the generator. this is the generator. this is the generator. And it gives us all of these. Okay. It And it gives us all of these. Okay. It And it gives us all of these. Okay. It starts again. starts again. starts again. Okay. Okay. Okay. Then, what we can do is we press Then, what we can do is we press Then, what we can do is we press start. start. start. And what you will hear, if you did hear And what you will hear, if you did hear And what you will hear, if you did hear that, that, that, is a your um is a your um is a your um channel generator that you've got, your channel generator that you've got, your channel generator that you've got, your little box with your dials on it, and little box with your dials on it, and little box with your dials on it, and your watch or your tens pads that are your watch or your tens pads that are your watch or your tens pads that are connected to it, you will hear it click connected to it, you will hear it click connected to it, you will hear it click just very slightly and that means that just very slightly and that means that just very slightly and that means that everything all of this information everything all of this information everything all of this information and all of these things that we've put and all of these things that we've put and all of these things that we've put in here in here in here will go into the little box that we've will go into the little box that we've will go into the little box that we've got on our desk and then you will see if got on our desk and then you will see if got on our desk and then you will see if you've got the the wrist strap, you've got the the wrist strap, you've got the the wrist strap, okay, or the cold laser, okay, or the cold laser, okay, or the cold laser, you will see that there is a you will see that there is a you will see that there is a you'll know that it's on because you'll know that it's on because you'll know that it's on because the lights will come on and you'll know, the lights will come on and you'll know, the lights will come on and you'll know, okay, it's 100% working. okay, it's 100% working. okay, it's 100% working. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um so, that's just a very quick general Um so, that's just a very quick general Um so, that's just a very quick general overview of me putting together a very overview of me putting together a very overview of me putting together a very quick quick quick um um um daily routine of what I would do. And daily routine of what I would do. And daily routine of what I would do. And now, if I was to save this, which I will now, if I was to save this, which I will now, if I was to save this, which I will show you in a moment, show you in a moment, show you in a moment, if I was to save this, obviously I would if I was to save this, obviously I would if I was to save this, obviously I would save it on my computer as a PDF file or save it on my computer as a PDF file or save it on my computer as a PDF file or a new file of spiritual vital a new file of spiritual vital a new file of spiritual vital vitalization morning routine. And then vitalization morning routine. And then vitalization morning routine. And then when I come to user guide when I come to user guide when I come to user guide and I think, okay, in the morning I want and I think, okay, in the morning I want and I think, okay, in the morning I want to do my spiritual stuff, that's where to do my spiritual stuff, that's where to do my spiritual stuff, that's where I'm going to look in my user um user I'm going to look in my user um user I'm going to look in my user um user presets. presets. presets. Okay. And here look, user preset. So, Okay. And here look, user preset. So, Okay. And here look, user preset. So, we've used the shell and then we'd go on we've used the shell and then we'd go on we've used the shell and then we'd go on to user presets and look to see what to user presets and look to see what to user presets and look to see what we've got. we've got. we've got. We'll look at biofeedback in a second. We'll look at biofeedback in a second. We'll look at biofeedback in a second. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, guys. So, what I did want to very Okay, guys. So, what I did want to very Okay, guys. So, what I did want to very quickly show you as well is mistakes quickly show you as well is mistakes quickly show you as well is mistakes that you can make uh and they but but it that you can make uh and they but but it that you can make uh and they but but it like I said, when you're using this like I said, when you're using this like I said, when you're using this program, it's a learning curve and they program, it's a learning curve and they program, it's a learning curve and they are quite easily overcome. So, what I've are quite easily overcome. So, what I've are quite easily overcome. So, what I've realized by what we was just doing by realized by what we was just doing by realized by what we was just doing by adding all of these presets and the adding all of these presets and the adding all of these presets and the energy vitalize and we've made a program energy vitalize and we've made a program energy vitalize and we've made a program and an empty shell. Okay. When I'd gone and an empty shell. Okay. When I'd gone and an empty shell. Okay. When I'd gone to control to press override and start, to control to press override and start, to control to press override and start, nothing happened on the cold laser here. nothing happened on the cold laser here. nothing happened on the cold laser here. Okay. So, what I've realized is is that Okay. So, what I've realized is is that Okay. So, what I've realized is is that I need the booster. I need the booster. I need the booster. So, the booster would have been So, the booster would have been So, the booster would have been something that I would have shown you at something that I would have shown you at something that I would have shown you at the beginning of what that is and what the beginning of what that is and what the beginning of what that is and what that can do, but this wasn't working and that can do, but this wasn't working and that can do, but this wasn't working and I knew because the lights hadn't come on I knew because the lights hadn't come on I knew because the lights hadn't come on on the back. on the back. on the back. So, I thought, okay, it may need the So, I thought, okay, it may need the So, I thought, okay, it may need the booster. So, you may need in order to do booster. So, you may need in order to do booster. So, you may need in order to do quite a bit research, but over on the quite a bit research, but over on the quite a bit research, but over on the Spooky2 website and also over on their Spooky2 website and also over on their Spooky2 website and also over on their YouTube channel, they have loads of YouTube channel, they have loads of YouTube channel, they have loads of different videos of different people different videos of different people different videos of different people kind of showing you how to do certain kind of showing you how to do certain kind of showing you how to do certain things. But, what I wanted to just very things. But, what I wanted to just very things. But, what I wanted to just very quickly to show you is I'm not going to quickly to show you is I'm not going to quickly to show you is I'm not going to show it in the camera cuz it might blind show it in the camera cuz it might blind show it in the camera cuz it might blind you you you cuz you also get some um cuz you also get some um cuz you also get some um sunglasses that come with this. But, sunglasses that come with this. But, sunglasses that come with this. But, what it kind of looks like. So, we're what it kind of looks like. So, we're what it kind of looks like. So, we're now kind of got our presets. We know now kind of got our presets. We know now kind of got our presets. We know what we're doing. Okay. We're looking at what we're doing. Okay. We're looking at what we're doing. Okay. We're looking at the cold laser, which is down here. the cold laser, which is down here. the cold laser, which is down here. Okay. We've got all our programs, Okay. We've got all our programs, Okay. We've got all our programs, kundalini. I will also state that you kundalini. I will also state that you kundalini. I will also state that you can organize all of these here to what can organize all of these here to what can organize all of these here to what you want to for the Spooky2 generator to you want to for the Spooky2 generator to you want to for the Spooky2 generator to do first. do first. do first. So, if I wanted my blood pressure one So, if I wanted my blood pressure one So, if I wanted my blood pressure one doing first, I would hit the arrow with doing first, I would hit the arrow with doing first, I would hit the arrow with a line on the top and it would go a line on the top and it would go a line on the top and it would go directly to the top. directly to the top. directly to the top. Okay. Or if I hit the bottom arrow, it'd Okay. Or if I hit the bottom arrow, it'd Okay. Or if I hit the bottom arrow, it'd go directly to the bottom and it go directly to the bottom and it go directly to the bottom and it reorganize all of these. Okay. reorganize all of these. Okay. reorganize all of these. Okay. So, we've kind of got our programs, blah So, we've kind of got our programs, blah So, we've kind of got our programs, blah blah blah. We go over to the control blah blah. We go over to the control blah blah. We go over to the control panel. We hit override generator. panel. We hit override generator. panel. We hit override generator. Then we hit the Then we hit the Then we hit the generator three and then we hit start. generator three and then we hit start. generator three and then we hit start. You'll hear a click You'll hear a click You'll hear a click and then I can see it glowing from the and then I can see it glowing from the and then I can see it glowing from the bottom of the table that you will see bottom of the table that you will see bottom of the table that you will see that this is now glowing. I don't want that this is now glowing. I don't want that this is now glowing. I don't want to shoot glare it into the camera, but to shoot glare it into the camera, but to shoot glare it into the camera, but you will see that it is glowing. you will see that it is glowing. you will see that it is glowing. Okay. And that means that you'll know Okay. And that means that you'll know Okay. And that means that you'll know that this is actually working. Now, what that this is actually working. Now, what that this is actually working. Now, what they do give you with this they do give you with this they do give you with this is obviously it's like a watch and you is obviously it's like a watch and you is obviously it's like a watch and you can put can put can put um obviously this on your wrist, but um obviously this on your wrist, but um obviously this on your wrist, but they do also give you a um an extended they do also give you a um an extended they do also give you a um an extended band that you can kind of band that you can kind of band that you can kind of um um um put on here. Okay. And then you connect put on here. Okay. And then you connect put on here. Okay. And then you connect these two together these two together these two together and then these two together here and and then these two together here and and then these two together here and then you can end up putting it around then you can end up putting it around then you can end up putting it around your leg or your ankle your leg or your ankle your leg or your ankle um or further up your arm. Okay. And it um or further up your arm. Okay. And it um or further up your arm. Okay. And it gives you it makes this bigger, so you gives you it makes this bigger, so you gives you it makes this bigger, so you can actually wrap it around somewhere can actually wrap it around somewhere can actually wrap it around somewhere else on your body other than your wrist. else on your body other than your wrist. else on your body other than your wrist. So, what I would do obviously I would So, what I would do obviously I would So, what I would do obviously I would have this done before I hit start, have this done before I hit start, have this done before I hit start, but I would have this on my wrist here. but I would have this on my wrist here. but I would have this on my wrist here. I know that it's going cuz I can kind of I know that it's going cuz I can kind of I know that it's going cuz I can kind of peek through there and see that it's peek through there and see that it's peek through there and see that it's running. Okay. And then what we are running. Okay. And then what we are running. Okay. And then what we are running obviously is the kundalini running obviously is the kundalini running obviously is the kundalini expand, the aura, emotional spectrum, expand, the aura, emotional spectrum, expand, the aura, emotional spectrum, vitalizer of energy. When it gets to the vitalizer of energy. When it gets to the vitalizer of energy. When it gets to the energy ones, I can really feel those. I energy ones, I can really feel those. I energy ones, I can really feel those. I haven't tried the kundalini one yet um haven't tried the kundalini one yet um haven't tried the kundalini one yet um and some of these other ones I haven't and some of these other ones I haven't and some of these other ones I haven't tried yet. tried yet. tried yet. But, you can also Don't quote me on But, you can also Don't quote me on But, you can also Don't quote me on this, but I'm sure you can as well. this, but I'm sure you can as well. this, but I'm sure you can as well. You can connect up the tens pads. You can connect up the tens pads. You can connect up the tens pads. But, I would have shown you this video But, I would have shown you this video But, I would have shown you this video what you get with this product at the what you get with this product at the what you get with this product at the beginning. But, you would connect your beginning. But, you would connect your beginning. But, you would connect your tens pads tens pads tens pads um um um outlet like this cable, but the other outlet like this cable, but the other outlet like this cable, but the other one, to here. Okay. And that would also one, to here. Okay. And that would also one, to here. Okay. And that would also give you double the boost, so you can give you double the boost, so you can give you double the boost, so you can have your wrist going and then you can have your wrist going and then you can have your wrist going and then you can also have the tens pads. also have the tens pads. also have the tens pads. So, what it normally would be, okay, So, what it normally would be, okay, So, what it normally would be, okay, I'll have this on my left wrist, okay, I'll have this on my left wrist, okay, I'll have this on my left wrist, okay, on my right wrist, and then I'll have a on my right wrist, and then I'll have a on my right wrist, and then I'll have a tens pad on my ankle on the opposite tens pad on my ankle on the opposite tens pad on my ankle on the opposite side of my body, so it creates a flow side of my body, so it creates a flow side of my body, so it creates a flow from left to right. from left to right. from left to right. Okay. I might end up doing another video Okay. I might end up doing another video Okay. I might end up doing another video about placements of certain things about placements of certain things about placements of certain things because because because obviously it's the conducted of energy obviously it's the conducted of energy obviously it's the conducted of energy like you would use a tens pad or a tens like you would use a tens pad or a tens like you would use a tens pad or a tens machine, but you don't normally feel machine, but you don't normally feel machine, but you don't normally feel these. Okay. these. Okay. these. Okay. Um some some of them you do. You can Um some some of them you do. You can Um some some of them you do. You can actually feel it working, but it is not actually feel it working, but it is not actually feel it working, but it is not like a tens machine where you put it on like a tens machine where you put it on like a tens machine where you put it on and you're you're getting jolts of and you're you're getting jolts of and you're you're getting jolts of electricity that's kind of electricity that's kind of electricity that's kind of trying to you know, um trying to you know, um trying to you know, um what was I saying? Um your joints and what was I saying? Um your joints and what was I saying? Um your joints and muscles. muscles. muscles. When you use a tens pad, it volts your When you use a tens pad, it volts your When you use a tens pad, it volts your muscle in order to try and release the muscle in order to try and release the muscle in order to try and release the tendons to stop back ache and pain. tendons to stop back ache and pain. tendons to stop back ache and pain. This isn't the same thing. It's This isn't the same thing. It's This isn't the same thing. It's frequency. Okay. So, a lot of the time frequency. Okay. So, a lot of the time frequency. Okay. So, a lot of the time you may not feel the fact that it's you may not feel the fact that it's you may not feel the fact that it's working, but then sometimes you can working, but then sometimes you can working, but then sometimes you can think, oh my god, I'm really starting to think, oh my god, I'm really starting to think, oh my god, I'm really starting to feel different and and stuff like that feel different and and stuff like that feel different and and stuff like that straight away. Okay. But, you just can't straight away. Okay. But, you just can't straight away. Okay. But, you just can't feel it on your body actually working. feel it on your body actually working. feel it on your body actually working. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? Okay. So, I know that that is because Okay. So, I know that that is because Okay. So, I know that that is because the light is actually functioning on the the light is actually functioning on the the light is actually functioning on the wrist and I know now that it is cycling wrist and I know now that it is cycling wrist and I know now that it is cycling through all of these and it will take up through all of these and it will take up through all of these and it will take up to 57 minutes. to 57 minutes. to 57 minutes. Now, I did change these because like I Now, I did change these because like I Now, I did change these because like I said, I did get into a bit of a said, I did get into a bit of a said, I did get into a bit of a I clicked it and the wrist wasn't what I clicked it and the wrist wasn't what I clicked it and the wrist wasn't what wasn't working. So, I thought, "Okay, I wasn't working. So, I thought, "Okay, I wasn't working. So, I thought, "Okay, I need to debunk why this isn't working." need to debunk why this isn't working." need to debunk why this isn't working." The only reason it wasn't is because I The only reason it wasn't is because I The only reason it wasn't is because I didn't have didn't have didn't have the booster attached to the generator. the booster attached to the generator. the booster attached to the generator. Okay? Cuz it is a lot of energy that it Okay? Cuz it is a lot of energy that it Okay? Cuz it is a lot of energy that it needs to boost. So, I needed this on. needs to boost. So, I needed this on. needs to boost. So, I needed this on. Okay? So, I wanted to show you that Okay? So, I wanted to show you that Okay? So, I wanted to show you that working and there's that segment. So, that is my conclusion of the product So, that is my conclusion of the product So, that is my conclusion of the product of Spooky2. All links are provided of Spooky2. All links are provided of Spooky2. All links are provided below. I will receive a very small below. I will receive a very small below. I will receive a very small amount of amount of amount of money money money if you guys use my link. So, I really if you guys use my link. So, I really if you guys use my link. So, I really would appreciate it if you did buy it would appreciate it if you did buy it would appreciate it if you did buy it from my link or from definitely the code from my link or from definitely the code from my link or from definitely the code that I may be there. How I'm not 100% that I may be there. How I'm not 100% that I may be there. How I'm not 100% sure what is going to be there yet cuz sure what is going to be there yet cuz sure what is going to be there yet cuz I'm recording this ahead of time of me I'm recording this ahead of time of me I'm recording this ahead of time of me actually knowing, but it will be in the actually knowing, but it will be in the actually knowing, but it will be in the description by the time this is posted. description by the time this is posted. description by the time this is posted. If you do want to buy something, I'm If you do want to buy something, I'm If you do want to buy something, I'm just letting you know that I will just letting you know that I will just letting you know that I will receive a small commission for you guys receive a small commission for you guys receive a small commission for you guys buying it. And then, if you do, I would buying it. And then, if you do, I would buying it. And then, if you do, I would like to hear from you. Let me know, how like to hear from you. Let me know, how like to hear from you. Let me know, how has it been working for you? I may do a has it been working for you? I may do a has it been working for you? I may do a collaboration video with you and put collaboration video with you and put collaboration video with you and put your testimony on here or or whatnot and your testimony on here or or whatnot and your testimony on here or or whatnot and see what your benefits that you've had see what your benefits that you've had see what your benefits that you've had from it. Okay? from it. Okay? from it. Okay? So, all links are provided below. Thank So, all links are provided below. Thank So, all links are provided below. Thank you so much again for Spooky2 allowing you so much again for Spooky2 allowing you so much again for Spooky2 allowing me to demonstrate their product. I will me to demonstrate their product. I will me to demonstrate their product. I will 100% and have been using this every day 100% and have been using this every day 100% and have been using this every day myself and I will be using it from now myself and I will be using it from now myself and I will be using it from now on. on. on. All links are provided below and thank All links are provided below and thank All links are provided below and thank you very much. I really appreciate it you very much. I really appreciate it you very much. I really appreciate it and I will see you guys very soon.