In this video tutorial, we're going to
take a look at the intermediate skills,
tips, and tricks that you need to know
in order to use Excel properly and
efficiently if you haven't already
watched my other Excel video. It's
called the beginner's guide to Excel.
And I highly recommend that you start
with that video before watching this
one. So, one of the last things that I
showed in that beginner's guide video
was how to do some formatting. How to
change, let's say, the column widths,
how to do italics and things like that.
Well, in this video, we're going to
start off by looking at a couple of
advanced formatting options. Then, I'll
show you a data entry shortcut that's
fantastic called the autofill handle.
Then, we'll take a look at how to do
formulas and functions in Excel. and
then we'll finish with a few more
intermediate and advanced tips and
tricks. So, here I am in the spreadsheet
I started in the beginner's tutorial.
It's a list of movies that I own and I'm
putting in some data about those movies.
Well, I want to show you a couple of
shortcuts as you're trying to format the
data that's in a spreadsheet. These
tricks will save you a lot of time. The
first is called the format painter and
you can find it here on the home tab,
home ribbon in the clipboard group and
it looks like a paintbrush. The format
painter is what it is. And the way it
works is let's say that part of your
spreadsheet has a format that you wish
other parts of your spreadsheet had. All
you have to do is click on the good
example that you would like. Click here
on the format painter and that copied
it. It didn't copy the content rather it
copied the format of this cell. So now
all I need to do is move my mouse to the
place where I want to copy that format
to. And I can click and if I release the
mouse click, it will copy the format.
But let's say you would like the entire
range, this range of five or six cells
to have that layout, you can just click
and drag, holding the click, and then
release. And you can see now they've all
been painted with that format. In this
case, that's not at all what I want. So
I'm going to undo it with this arrow up
here in the upper left. and it takes me
back. Now, another more advanced
formatting option that is pretty
exciting, at least to me, is what they
call conditional formatting. So, it's up
here at the top on the home tab, home
ribbon. Here it is in the styles group,
conditional formatting. And the way this
works is you select a column or a row,
either way. I'm going to select the
column D. So, I just click on it and the
entire column is selected. Now, I simply
go up here to conditional formatting and
click. And it gives me some options. It
mentions rules several times. Basically,
we're going to set up some rules for the
content of these cells and the
formatting of these cells. And the
easiest example I can think of is color
scales. So, let's just look at that. But
I want you to explore this in more
detail if you're interested in
conditional formatting because it's
really an exciting tool. So, I'm going
to go into color scales, and I want the
color of each cell to change to adjust
depending on how valuable the movie is.
Now, to do this, I would select probably
this color scale here. It looks like it
has green at the top and red at the
bottom. So, the idea, the more green it
is, the more valuable it is. The redder
it is, the more worthless it is. If you
want to reverse that, you can. And there
are all of these other options as well
with different color schemes, but I'm
going to go with that first one. I'll
just click on it. And what this does is
it evaluates the entire column. It looks
for the highest numbers and gives them
the greenest background. And then the
lowest numbers get the darkest red
background. And then everything else in
between is adjusted accordingly. So that
easily I can just glance at this
spreadsheet and I can see where the most
valuable movies are. If you like that,
please investigate conditional
formatting more. There's great ways to
display the data in a conditional way.
You can use data bars. You can say if
the highlighted cell is greater than 10,
then make the background green or put
the text in bold. If it's less than
five, then format it with a background
of red. There's all of these if then
statements that you can use with these
highlight cells rules. There's top
bottom rules, top 10%, bottom 10%, icon
sets where you can show arrows going up,
down, left or right, and just some
really exciting formatting options that
you have here. Okay, before we leave
formatting and move on to a few other
things, I want to show you that because
these numbers represent currency, I
probably should format them a little
differently. So, I can click here on D
and everything in column D that's a
number will get formatted differently.
Right now, everything in here is
formatted in a general way, which is to
say that there's nothing special about
the way they're formatted, at least the
numbers themselves. However, if I go up
here, I can change that from general to
any one of these other things. And
there's even more beyond that. There's
also some shortcuts like this. I just
want to click on the dollar sign. Now,
they all show up as accounting currency.
If you don't need it or want it to be
accounting, you can just go down and do
regular currency. All that changes is
where the dollar sign is located. Okay,
so this is awesome. This spreadsheet is
turning out great so far. Next, let's
look at formulas. This is where the true
power of Excel is found, I believe. So
far in our spreadsheet, all we've done
is enter text or numbers, and then also
in some cases, we've applied some
formatting, but other than that, we
haven't put anything special into the
spreadsheet. Well, let's change that.
What I'd like to do next is put in some
formulas that will help me know some
things like what's the total value of my
DVD collection? What is the average
value of the DVDs that I own? And what's
the most expensive value and the least
expensive? Stuff like that. All right,
so let's figure that out. Down here at
the bottom of the spreadsheet, I'm going
to create a formula. Now, it doesn't
have to be here. I could put the formula
anywhere on this spreadsheet or another
spreadsheet. Okay, wherever I want to
put this formula, I can do it. But I'm
going to do it here. So, I'll just
click. And whenever I do a formula in
Excel, I click on a cell and then I
think to myself the phrase this cell.
So, I click this cell equals. And I want
to find out the total amount that my
collection is worth. So, I need to
somehow add up all of those numbers. Let
me show you the hard way first. The hard
way would be to say, okay, we have a
five. So, I'll type in five + 2 + 5. And
I can just keep doing this. + 6 + 9. And
I can just keep doing that. Basically
creating a formula. And then all I have
to do is tap return or enter. And look,
it adds up those numbers. The thing is
that's way too tedious. So instead of
doing that, what I can do is type in the
word sum. So this cell is equal to the
sum of and then you put a left
parenthesis. And now I just need to
describe the cell or in this case the
range that I want it to add up that I
want it to sum. Fortunately, as I showed
in the beginner's video, I can name a
range. Every range in Excel has a name.
And the name of this range is D3
through D22. So I'll just type D3. And
if you remember from the beginner's
video, the word through is denoted with
a colon and then D22. And then you're
supposed to put another parenthesis, the
end parenthesis. Now, I'm going to not
do that just to show you that even
though you're supposed to, you don't
have to. You now hit enter. And look
what it's done. It's added up all of
those numbers. The grand total worth of
my DVD collection is $135.
Now, if you want to make sure that it
worked, you can double click on it. And
look what it did. It highlighted all of
the numbers that it got that it included
in the formula. Now, let me show you an
alternate way. The way I just showed you
is one of the nicest, quickest ways to
do it, especially if you have a giant
spreadsheet. But there are a couple of
other ways. In addition to typing in the
range, I could just move my mouse up to
the top, click and drag with my mouse on
the range that I would like it to add
up, and then just tap return, and you
get the same results. Now, there's also
yet another even faster and easier way
to do it, and I'm going to delete my
formula in order to show you this
properly. What I would do is I would
just click on the cell, but instead of
typing equals, I can just go up here on
the home ribbon and go to the editing
group. And here we have something called
auto sum. It's this symbol here. And you
can just click on it and it will
automatically look immediately above and
it will add up everything in those
cells. So I can hit enter and I get the
same results. So that's the fastest. I
will say that sometimes it gets it
wrong. Sometimes it gets the wrong data,
so just watch out for it. I usually use
auto sum, but just be a little bit
skeptical. Sometimes it might include
data that you don't want included. Okay,
speaking of including data that you
don't want, notice what it did to my
conditional formatting. Now, this is the
only green value and everything else is
small compared to it. Right? So, I need
to fix that with my conditional
formatting. I'll go in and highlight
that entire column and I'm going to
clear the rules. Okay, so it gets it
completely out. And I just want to do
conditional formatting with just those
numbers, not the total. So now I go in
conditional formatting, color scales,
and look, that's back to being useful.
Okay, now I should go in and type total
and maybe put these in bold just to show
that this number is different. It's
special. It's different than those other
numbers. Okay, next I'd like to do an
average formula and it's similar. I
would just say to myself, this cell is
equal to the average left parenthesis
and then I can click and drag or I can
type in the range or notice that there
is an auto average which again you
should use it. It's great but just be a
little skeptical of the results. I'm
going to double click between those
cells to make it so you can see the word
average. Next I want to do one of what's
the highest value and the lowest value
for these. The formula is a little
different for highest. The formula is
this. This cell is equal to the max or
just max left parenthesis. Click and
drag on the range or type in the range.
It's up to you. Hit return. So what it
did is it looked through that range,
found the maximum number, the highest
number, and printed it here. Next, I'll
do lowest. For lowest, we do this cell
is equal to min left parenthesis and the
range. I'll type it in this time. D3
through D22. D3 through D22. Hit enter.
And there's the lowest. So, you can see
these formulas are pretty useful. You
can get some really good numbers out of
them. So, those are probably the four
most common ones that I use. Sum,
average, max, and min. But just know
that there are many, many more functions
that you can use. If you want to see
pretty much an exhaustive list of all of
the functions that you can use, just
type in equals and then look up here.
This is the formula bar is what we have
here. And it's an alternative to typing
your formula right here in the cell. You
could just go up to the formula bar and
start typing. And notice as you type,
you get some suggestions. So it's
recommending because I typed in average,
it's recommending average, average A,
average if. There's four different
average functions that I could draw
from. Okay. So it will give suggestions.
That's one thing to know about. But also
over here on the left, look what it
does. There's a click drop-down where
you get some pretty good suggestions
about the functions that you might want.
There's also a formulas tab where you
can go and a whole function library
where you can get math and trig
formulas, look up and reference
formulas, text, logical, these are great
recently used financial formulas. And if
you really don't know which one you want
to do, just go here to insert function
and you can get it on most of these drop
downs. And then just type a brief
description of what you want to do.
Let's say I want to count the number of
DVDs that I have. So, I'll do a search
for count. And it brings up some options
that I have. And it tells me what
exactly it's going to do. So, use these
tools that you have. Use the formula
bar, use the formulas tab, and if you
need to use the insert function button
that gives you some additional options.
So, you can also click here, insert
function. So, have fun playing around
with formulas and functions. They're
very powerful. Next, we're going to take
a look at a few intermediate and maybe
some advanced tips and tricks that you
should know about. One that is pretty
wellnown is called the autofill handle.
And this is where you'll find it. When
you click on a cell, look in the lower
right corner, there's a little green
square. And if you put your mouse on
that square, it will become a plus sign.
Now, it's already a plus sign, but it
becomes a black plus sign. Once you see
that, you know that you've got the
autofill handle. And what you can do
with this is you can click and drag to
copy what's in the cell. So if I want to
copy 2015, I just click and drag. It's
2015 again. 2015 again. And I can just
keep doing that. I could even just click
and drag and get a whole column of 2015.
So that's the autofill handle. I'm going
to undo that. Now, that also works with
text, not just with numbers. So I can
copy what's in a cell by using the
autofill handle and clicking and
dragging. Now, what's really cool is you
can copy a pattern. So, right here, I
just clicked and dragged to highlight
2016 2015. Now, if I use the autofill
handle, look what it does. It figures
out the pattern. The pattern is minus
one, subtract one, and it just repeated
that pattern. So, if you will show the
autofill handle the pattern that you
would like for it to copy, it will copy
that pattern. You can also use the
autofill handle to copy a formula. Now,
in this case, the formula doesn't work
too well. This is the sum formula. It's
trying to add up all of these numbers.
When I use the autofill handle, dragged
it over. Look what it did. Now, it's
trying to sum up this column. And so,
because those aren't numbers, it's not
working real well. But, let me do it
this direction. You can see it is now
adding up the years. It thinks that it's
currency, but that's okay. It's adding
up all of these years and coming up with
a total. So, I just love the autofill
handle. It's especially good for
anything related to time. So, for
example, dates. Let's say I want to put
in each of the months of the year. With
dates and times, you don't even have to
establish a pattern. You can just type
in the first thing that's related to to
date or time and then just go to the
corner, click and drag, and look, it
automatically knows what comes next.
Same with days of the week. Same with
full dates.
And it's also the same with times.
So this autofill handle is just a
lifesaver, a timesaver for sure. So I'm
going to select all of that just by
clicking on the column letters across
the top, clicking and holding, and then
I'll rightclick and choose clear
contents. And that clears it out. But I
wanted you to see that autofill handle.
Okay. Next up, just three fast rapidfire
tips that I think everyone needs to know
if you're using Excel more than just at
a beginning level. And the first one is
how to sort. So, I put my movies in just
in random order. But I would like to
sort them alphabetically. So, what I'll
do is I'll click on the just the first
cell of the first record. So, Star Wars,
I clicked on that cell. Now, either on
the home tab or on the data tab, either
one, you should be able to find sort and
filter. I'm going to go to the data tab.
Here's sort, and I would like it to sort
alphabetically A to Z. So, I click on
it, and look what it did. Now, all of
the movies are alphabetized from A to Z.
Now, the first time you do this, you're
going to be worried that you'll lose the
integrity of your spreadsheet, that
maybe the dates won't match up. now. But
if you notice, they do. Okay, go back,
rewind the video if you want, but this
used to say 2007, now it says 2003. So,
sorting is a really great feature in
Excel. What about filtering? What is
filtering? Well, filtering is a way to
eliminate parts of your spreadsheet
temporarily so that you can see the data
you want to see. To turn on filtering,
what I like to do is click and drag
across the column headings that I've
created. So, location, genre, value,
etc. Once I've highlighted all of them,
I go up to the top and I click filter.
And notice they all now have a little
drop down arrow. And so what I'm going
to use this to do is I want to eliminate
all of the PG-13 movies. Let's say we're
going to have a birthday party for a
small child. I don't want to show a
movie that would be too scary. I would
go into ratings and click. And right now
it's showing everything. Okay. So I want
to deselect all and go down. And I just
want to choose PG. That's the only one I
want selected. Now, if I had GM movies,
I could select those, too. But I'll just
stick with that. Click okay. And you can
see it looks like it got rid of those
additional records. It really didn't get
rid of them. You can see here on the
left, it jumps from one, two, jumps to
five. And in Excel, you just cannot
eliminate row numbers or column
headings. They always exist. They can be
hidden. And that's what's happened here
is they're hidden, but they still exist.
All right. So, isn't that pretty useful?
I love filtering even more really than
sorting. Now to get the data all showing
again, I can just click here on what
looks like a funnel. Okay, it used to be
the drop down arrow. Now it's a funnel.
I just click on it and go to select all.
Click okay and that takes the filter
off. I could do the same kind of filter
for genre and I could say I only want to
see comedy or children's movies, things
like that. So filters are very powerful.
Now, the last more advanced tip that I
want to share with you is called freeze
panes. This spreadsheet really is not
that big. Let's say I go buy a hundred
more DVDs, then it's really going to be
a bigger spreadsheet and it's going to
be harder to put in my data and even to
look at it. As your spreadsheet gets
more vertical, you can kind of lose
track of what your column titles are.
So, that's where freeze panes comes in.
What you do with freeze panes is you
click underneath the row that you would
like to freeze. So I'm going to click on
three because that's underneath my
column titles. Then I'm going to go to
the view tab, the view ribbon. And
notice there's an option in the window
group called freeze panes. And watch
what happens when I click freeze panes.
Okay, it first pops up with three
options. And I'm just going to click
freeze panes. So now as I browse down
the page, as I enter more records, look
what happens. those first two rows stay
visible to me and that's because I froze
everything above row three. So that's
where I'm going to stop. In reality, a
comprehensive Excel tutorial would be
15, 20, 25 hours long. And this is
already too long of a video, but I
really believe that if you watch my
beginner's guide to Excel video and this
intermediate video that you will have
what you need to get started using Excel
effectively. As you continue using and
learning Excel, I'd recommend that you
use this resource here at the top. Tell
me what you want to do. You can just
type in something that you're trying to
do and it will give you some help and um
some guidance on how to do it. Thanks
for watching this tutorial and please
consider subscribing to my YouTube
channel for more videos about technology
for teachers and students. And please
consider following me on social media
platforms such as Twitter and Facebook
so that we can continue learning
together.
