Hi beautiful! Welcome back to another video. Today we're gonna be doing a beginner-friendly acrylic nail tutorial and we're gonna start by pushing the cuticle back and then we're gonna go in with this cuticle cleaner by Kiara Sky. It doesn't cause damage to the natural nail and it gets rid of that dead skin very nicely. So if you're on the lookout for one, try this one. Okay I do have a discount code with them so I will leave the links in the description box for you. Okay so you're gonna go through and lift the dead skin off of the nail plate. This is going to avoid lifting. This step is very important because we want a clean canvas. We don't want anything attached to the nail plate so that we can lay that acrylic nicely. You do have the option of using a sanding band to lift dead skin and etch the nail which I also do but if you find that you are getting lifting then try using a cuticle bit and then go in with the sanding band and you might see that it's really helpful. Okay so now I'm gonna go in and dust away the debris and also cut any dead skin that might be showing and then we're gonna go in with our sanding band. This is the sanding band by Kiara Sky as well. It is the fine sanding band and so I'm just gonna go through and touch up around the cuticle just a little bit and also just etch her nail very lightly. I have the e-file at 4,000 RPMs so keep that in mind. You want to keep that low. We don't want to cause any damage to her nail plate and I'm just tapping very lightly. We did just remove her old set so in the case that there is any residual acrylic then I am tapping on that as well making sure that we have our clean canvas. Alright now I'm gonna dust the debris away and I'm going in with young nails swipe and I'm gonna cleanse her nail plate just because I'm gonna go in with tips and I don't like to have dust trapped under the glue or under the tip so that's why I do that. We're gonna go in with this bandini glue. It's listed on my Amazon storefront. The link will be in the description box. You can check out the nail products there or my favorites but we're going in with Kiara Sky's extra, extra long C-curves, doledo tips. We're just trying these out. They also have the coffin and the square. I'm going in and just making sure that the tips fit sidewall to sidewall. You guys that's very important. You don't want the tips to be too small so make sure your tip fits sidewall to sidewall. These are nice because the well and the tip are actually pre-etched so I really like that. I feel like it helps with the adhesion as far as the nail tip to the natural nail. That's really good. So how are you guys doing? I hope you guys are doing good on your nail journey. I know some of you are just you know learning for yourself to do your own nails. Some of you are going to a nail school and it's really like something that you want to do and that you love. But yeah let me know how everything is going for you. It's been years since I went to nail school. I think it's like nine, nine years and I got licensed nine years ago. Just a little bit of background. I did work in a salon. Well I worked in a salon right after I was hired from nail school and then I went to another salon for six months and then I worked at another salon after that and and then that's it. Ever since then I've just been doing nails from my house and it's literally only been family or friends. Really quickly I want you guys to see that I am cutting the tips with a scissor. This is really helpful. You can use a tip cutter but I like to measure the tips against each other and then I make sure that I cut the thumbs and then measure the thumbs against the index finger. Just making sure that everything is the same length because I've made that mistake in the past and then it just gives me the opportunity to be able to tell you don't do that. Sometimes you go to show your nails or take pictures and you have your middle finger and your ring finger really long or your thumb is really long in comparison to the rest of the nails. It doesn't look cute so just take a little bit more time and measure the tips against each other. Now we're going in with Kyra Sky's 80 grip file and I'm just going to file the side walls really quickly. These are pretty much pre-shaped already. That's why we chose this stiletto to make it nice and quick and then I'm going to go in and blend the tips. I do the shaping first so that there's still that strength there with the glue because when you do blend the nail tip it does get a little thinner in that area so you don't want to file and then they just pop off. So try to do this step first and then go in and blend your tip with your sanding band. Oh another fact about me is that right after high school I did take cosmetology and I completed the I think it was 1300 hours. It was a 10 month course and I went during the day and I got certified. Then I moved and then later on was when I went to nail school. But yeah tell me a little bit about you guys and your story. It'd be interesting to see what all of your guys's backgrounds are and what you do and you know what you love about nails and how you got to where you're at today. Alright so I'm gonna go in and dust the debris away with my manicure brush and then I'm going in with young nails swipe and I'm going to cleanse and dehydrate the nail making sure all the dust and debris are out of my way. Now I'm gonna go in with some dehydrator by JC Beauty Concepts. I also have a discount code with them and obviously this is an added step. I like to dehydrate the nails because our nails are porous. We are made up of moisture so we if we get rid of that and then apply the primer and then the acrylic. I feel like that just I don't know it's like that extra step for you to get that suction or that adhesion that you need for the acrylic. So I'm going in with Kiara Sky's primer and I've been really enjoying it so if you're looking for a good primer check it out. I'm gonna use the Core Natural by Young Nails. We're gonna use this as a background and basically this set is inspired by her dress for her dance and her shoes. So I will insert a clip at the end so that you guys can see it so make sure you stay tuned to check that out. They pretty much matched perfectly and it looks so beautiful so I can't wait for you to see it. When you are about to apply acrylic make sure you saturate your brush with the monomer. Release the bubbles from your brush and then you can begin with the process of you know dipping your brush and then releasing the monomer. You want to release as much monomer as you feel like you need for the size of bead you're gonna grab. I have a formula or a video that is helpful to pick up different size beads. It's been really helpful for most of you or I've gotten a lot of good feedback so check that out. You want to make sure that your finger is angled down. That's why the armrests are really helpful because it helps that hang the hand hang down and then you know you can angle your finger down and then you place your bead and then you swipe very lightly and gently. I love the Kiaras Sky Brush because it's really soft so you want to keep a light hand and just guide your acrylic down because a good bead if it has the right ratio like liquid to powder ratio it should be self leveling and you know you should be able to just guide it. When you place your bead down just kind of look at it see what it's gonna do. It also gives you a hint of you know if your ratio is off or not and then with the next bead you just want to try to perfect it. That's what I love about applying acrylic is that with each bead it's a challenge. You are challenging yourself to perfect your ratio each time. It's good practice even if you're doing one set it is good practice to just get in there and apply acrylic so use practice hands whatever you can any chance you get practice practice practice and the more you do it the better you will get at it. Alright so we did our thin layer of acrylic or our background and now we're gonna go in with the nail boss it's OG 134 by Knot Polish. This glitter acrylic couldn't have been more perfect for her dance. Let me tell you it matched so perfectly we were so excited to have it we were looking through and trying to pick okay what's gonna you know fit the dress the best and this one was perfect so I'm so happy that I had this in my collection I'm very grateful. Alright so I'm gonna go through and we're gonna do a thin layer of this and this is very beginner friendly you guys this is gonna teach you that you know you keep your layers thin and then you encapsulate which encapsulate is definitely you know a must in the acrylic or the nail industry encapsulation is important. I know that you know nail art can be difficult but encapsulation is actually really easy you're just layering your nail art and then you are encapsulating so it is it is not hard it's definitely beginner friendly as long as you can apply the acrylic you should be good to go. Alright now I'm going in with JC Beauty concepts number 57 it is more like a like a foil acrylic it's really pretty so we're just gonna add a really small detail on her ring finger and then we're gonna add some gold sparkles and I accidentally didn't record that part I must have gotten up but it's just a very small clip of applying glue so you want to add dab of glue and then take one of these sparkles and then just pop it on the nail and then you'll see I only added two so it is very simple so add the glue add the sparkle and now we are going in with Kia Sky's clear acrylic and we are going to encapsulate everything we did and then we will get into filing so we'll come back. Alright now I'm going in with Kia Sky's 80 grit file again and I'm going to be putting the shape back in because sometimes we lose the shape after acrylic application and I will be filing under the side walls to get any jagged edges you know get rid of any jagged edges from the acrylic and then I will file straight up against the side wall to make it nice and straight and then on the tip and then once I'm done with that we will get into using the E file and then I will come back. Okay so now I am going in with this flat top carb by bit it's a safety bit by nail intuition and I'm just going to remove any bulk acrylic try to even everything out smooth everything out and I'm also going to be going around the cuticle area to blend the acrylic to the natural nail so that it looks natural. When I'm doing this step I am at about 10,000 RPMs using my E file so make sure if you are using an E file try to test out what feels good your bit shouldn't be skipping or it shouldn't feel uncomfortable so make sure you're looking at your RPM so try if like 10,000 RPM with the E file that you're using doesn't feel right go a little bit lower and go a little bit higher just try everything out but for me in this case I'm at I'm pretty sure it's at 10,000 RPM at most it's at 11,000 RPMs okay and then I will come back. Alright so the final step to perfect your shape is just to buff and smooth everything out for your gel topcoat application and you can use a fine sanding band but I don't know I just use a buffer a buffer is also helpful it is also fine grit she did go to wash her hands and now I'm using some isopropa alcohol to get rid of any oils that might have been left behind with the soap and now I'm gonna go in and apply Kiaraschys gel topcoat and I really love this brush you guys look at how it spreads and it just covers the entire surface I really like that I love the brush on this gel top coat but this is pretty much it you guys this is the last step and you're gonna apply your gel top coat and cure for 60 seconds and that is it you've completed your very beginner friendly nail design nail encapsulation glitter and stay tuned to the end so that you can see how perfectly these matched her shoes and her dress it just looks so beautiful love the end result let me know what you guys think I hope the video was helpful as usual I love you don't give up on learning it is so helpful to just keep learning guys don't give up on learning it trust the process I'll see in the next video you