>> Okay, hi guys. Welcome, welcome back to >> Okay, hi guys. Welcome, welcome back to >> Okay, hi guys. Welcome, welcome back to my channel. So, in today's video, this my channel. So, in today's video, this my channel. So, in today's video, this is going to be my back to school is going to be my back to school is going to be my back to school maintenance maintenance maintenance vlog. vlog. vlog. And right now, I'm going to go get my And right now, I'm going to go get my And right now, I'm going to go get my nails done. This is what my nails look nails done. This is what my nails look nails done. This is what my nails look like right now. I got these nails for like right now. I got these nails for like right now. I got these nails for like basically a month, I feel like. like basically a month, I feel like. like basically a month, I feel like. And then, the nail design that I'm And then, the nail design that I'm And then, the nail design that I'm getting Okay, I'm getting these ones. Okay, I'm getting these ones. Okay, I'm getting these ones. >> Are you going to the nail salon later? >> Are you going to the nail salon later? >> Are you going to the nail salon later? >> Yeah, I'll take you later. >> Yeah, I'll take you later. >> Yeah, I'll take you later. So, that's the nail design I'm getting. So, that's the nail design I'm getting. So, that's the nail design I'm getting. And then, tomorrow I'm getting my toes And then, tomorrow I'm getting my toes And then, tomorrow I'm getting my toes done. And then, tomorrow like at 7:00 done. And then, tomorrow like at 7:00 done. And then, tomorrow like at 7:00 a.m. I'm going to get my lashes done. a.m. I'm going to get my lashes done. a.m. I'm going to get my lashes done. And then, on And then, on And then, on >> The next day? >> The next day? >> The next day? >> I get my brows done. I get my brows done >> I get my brows done. I get my brows done >> I get my brows done. I get my brows done today. today. today. Uh Uh Uh >> Yeah, if I got time. >> Yeah, if I got time. >> Yeah, if I got time. >> Okay, so might be getting my >> Okay, so might be getting my >> Okay, so might be getting my eyebrows and 30. My eyebrows are up in eyebrows and 30. My eyebrows are up in eyebrows and 30. My eyebrows are up in like 30. The day after I get my lashes like 30. The day after I get my lashes like 30. The day after I get my lashes done. And then, the 3rd of August, so done. And then, the 3rd of August, so done. And then, the 3rd of August, so like like like the next day after that, I'm getting my the next day after that, I'm getting my the next day after that, I'm getting my hair done at 10:00 a.m. 10:30, one of hair done at 10:00 a.m. 10:30, one of hair done at 10:00 a.m. 10:30, one of those. I forgot. those. I forgot. those. I forgot. So, So, So, it was all I needed to get done. it was all I needed to get done. it was all I needed to get done. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Let me tell you about this girl. Maybe I >> Let me tell you about this girl. Maybe I >> Let me tell you about this girl. Maybe I shouldn't. I met her in Philly and her shouldn't. I met her in Philly and her shouldn't. I met her in Philly and her name was Brown Sugar. See, we've been name was Brown Sugar. See, we've been name was Brown Sugar. See, we've been making love constantly. That's why my making love constantly. That's why my making love constantly. That's why my eyes always shake. Blood burning. The eyes always shake. Blood burning. The eyes always shake. Blood burning. The way that we kiss is unlike any other way way that we kiss is unlike any other way way that we kiss is unlike any other way that I'd be kissing when I'm kissing that I'd be kissing when I'm kissing that I'd be kissing when I'm kissing what I'm missing. Won't you listen? what I'm missing. Won't you listen? what I'm missing. Won't you listen? Brown Sugar, babe. I get high off your Brown Sugar, babe. I get high off your Brown Sugar, babe. I get high off your love. I don't know how to be alone. >> [music] >> Ooh. >> Ooh. >> Ooh. >> I'm sugar [music] when you're close to >> I'm sugar [music] when you're close to >> I'm sugar [music] when you're close to me. me. me. You love me right down to my knees. You love me right down to my knees. You love me right down to my knees. Yeah, whenever you let me hit it. Yeah, whenever you let me hit it. Yeah, whenever you let me hit it. Sweet like honey when Sweet like honey when Sweet like honey when >> Okay, hey y'all. So, I'm in public >> Okay, hey y'all. So, I'm in public >> Okay, hey y'all. So, I'm in public bathroom right now cuz I really really bathroom right now cuz I really really bathroom right now cuz I really really really really had to pee. really really had to pee. really really had to pee. And um nail salon was closing but I had And um nail salon was closing but I had And um nail salon was closing but I had to finish my nails. But these were my to finish my nails. But these were my to finish my nails. But these were my nails. And I finished this white. But this is like my favorite nail set. But this is like my favorite nail set. But this is like my favorite nail set. Like I love this so much. Like she did Like I love this so much. Like she did Like I love this so much. Like she did so good. so good. so good. I tipped her I think $30. I don't I tipped her I think $30. I don't I tipped her I think $30. I don't remember. But I tipped her definitely. remember. But I tipped her definitely. remember. But I tipped her definitely. They were so cute. I kind of wish they They were so cute. I kind of wish they They were so cute. I kind of wish they were sharp but when I go to the nail were sharp but when I go to the nail were sharp but when I go to the nail salon to get stuff done on my nails they salon to get stuff done on my nails they salon to get stuff done on my nails they make them like almond. But when I like make them like almond. But when I like make them like almond. But when I like go to like an actual nail tech they're go to like an actual nail tech they're go to like an actual nail tech they're not actually like not actually like not actually like private or I don't know. private or I don't know. private or I don't know. But they make them like more sharper. I But they make them like more sharper. I But they make them like more sharper. I kind of wish they were sharper but kind of wish they were sharper but kind of wish they were sharper but they're still so so so so so cute. they're still so so so so so cute. they're still so so so so so cute. >> [laughter and gasps] >> [laughter and gasps] >> [laughter and gasps] >> But I'm not sure when my dad will be >> But I'm not sure when my dad will be >> But I'm not sure when my dad will be home. I don't really know when he's home. I don't really know when he's home. I don't really know when he's coming to pick me up. But I'm pretty coming to pick me up. But I'm pretty coming to pick me up. But I'm pretty sure he'll be home in a minute. sure he'll be home in a minute. sure he'll be home in a minute. Should be so Should be so Should be so Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay y'all. So, it's currently like 6:00 Okay y'all. So, it's currently like 6:00 Okay y'all. So, it's currently like 6:00 something in the morning and I'm getting something in the morning and I'm getting something in the morning and I'm getting ready for my lash appointment. I'm ready for my lash appointment. I'm ready for my lash appointment. I'm rushing so bad. I like 3 minutes. I like 3 minutes. I like 3 minutes. And I got to have the money. Like I Like And I got to have the money. Like I Like And I got to have the money. Like I Like I don't have to put out. My hair My hair My hair and my bunny. and my bunny. and my bunny. This is This is This is chapstick. chapstick. chapstick. Um sunscreen. I wish I had sunscreen Um sunscreen. I wish I had sunscreen Um sunscreen. I wish I had sunscreen there. there. there. Oh my gosh. Okay. Okay. Okay. Body oil. I'm rushing so bad. And then And then And then lotion. I'm wearing this black shirt and white I'm wearing this black shirt and white I'm wearing this black shirt and white Aeropostale like flip flops. Aeropostale like flip flops. Aeropostale like flip flops. Um Um Um merch boots. Okay. Okay. Okay. >> You had to stay all night for that? >> You had to stay all night for that? >> You had to stay all night for that? >> No, I didn't have to stay all night. I >> No, I didn't have to stay all night. I >> No, I didn't have to stay all night. I just ended up doing it. just ended up doing it. just ended up doing it. >> Oh. >> Okay, here's my lip liner. >> Okay, here's my lip liner. >> Okay, here's my lip liner. Bring in my airpods. Bring in my airpods. Bring in my airpods. I don't take it out that often. This is I don't take it out that often. This is I don't take it out that often. This is a mess. I'm rushing so bad. a mess. I'm rushing so bad. a mess. I'm rushing so bad. I should have been gone already, but I I should have been gone already, but I I should have been gone already, but I didn't think that. didn't think that. didn't think that. >> You have two minutes until you go. >> You have two minutes until you go. >> You have two minutes until you go. >> No, I have zero. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm bringing a charger. I'm bringing a charger. I'm bringing a charger. And then And then And then I'm going to bring I'm going to bring I'm going to bring this little blue bag this little blue bag this little blue bag and bring some stuff and bring some stuff and bring some stuff in case I want to do my hair in case I want to do my hair in case I want to do my hair in the car. in the car. in the car. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. That was my rushed get ready with me, That was my rushed get ready with me, That was my rushed get ready with me, but it's time to go. but it's time to go. but it's time to go. See y'all later. See y'all later. See y'all later. Okay, bye. Okay, y'all. So, I'm back from my note Okay, y'all. So, I'm back from my note Okay, y'all. So, I'm back from my note Not my note, my lash appointment. And Not my note, my lash appointment. And Not my note, my lash appointment. And this is what my lashes look like. this is what my lashes look like. this is what my lashes look like. They're a volume set. I don't know what They're a volume set. I don't know what They're a volume set. I don't know what map she did, so please don't ask. Yeah, map she did, so please don't ask. Yeah, map she did, so please don't ask. Yeah, um obviously I couldn't record while um obviously I couldn't record while um obviously I couldn't record while getting them done cuz my eyes had to be getting them done cuz my eyes had to be getting them done cuz my eyes had to be closed the whole time. closed the whole time. closed the whole time. But yeah, she charged me $105. But yeah, she charged me $105. But yeah, she charged me $105. So, that's what they look like and I put So, that's what they look like and I put So, that's what they look like and I put bottom mascara on if you can't tell. I bottom mascara on if you can't tell. I bottom mascara on if you can't tell. I just wanted to see what it looked like just wanted to see what it looked like just wanted to see what it looked like because you know, school's around the because you know, school's around the because you know, school's around the corner, so I got to see what I like and corner, so I got to see what I like and corner, so I got to see what I like and what I don't like. what I don't like. what I don't like. >> Ash. >> Ash. >> Ash. >> And I'm on the phone with Money right >> And I'm on the phone with Money right >> And I'm on the phone with Money right now. Wait, why is it blinking? now. Wait, why is it blinking? now. Wait, why is it blinking? >> Hey guys. >> Hey guys. >> Hey guys. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Hi >> Hi >> Hi >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> So, yeah, my next maintenance >> So, yeah, my next maintenance >> So, yeah, my next maintenance appointment, whatever, I need to get my appointment, whatever, I need to get my appointment, whatever, I need to get my brows and my upper lip brows and my upper lip brows and my upper lip threaded. So, that's the next thing I threaded. So, that's the next thing I threaded. So, that's the next thing I got to do. got to do. got to do. And then lastly, I'm getting my hair And then lastly, I'm getting my hair And then lastly, I'm getting my hair done. So, yeah, the lashes are really cute So, yeah, the lashes are really cute So, yeah, the lashes are really cute though. though. though. I didn't think the volume Well, I kind I didn't think the volume Well, I kind I didn't think the volume Well, I kind of knew the volume was going to like, of knew the volume was going to like, of knew the volume was going to like, you know, you know, you know, look good, but I didn't know how good it look good, but I didn't know how good it look good, but I didn't know how good it was going to look. I thought it was was going to look. I thought it was was going to look. I thought it was going to be like kind of like bigger cuz going to be like kind of like bigger cuz going to be like kind of like bigger cuz I don't think I sent her an inspo Well, I don't think I sent her an inspo Well, I don't think I sent her an inspo Well, my mom booked the appointment. So, I my mom booked the appointment. So, I my mom booked the appointment. So, I don't think she sent her like an inspo don't think she sent her like an inspo don't think she sent her like an inspo thing, but it turned out cute. And I'm thing, but it turned out cute. And I'm thing, but it turned out cute. And I'm watching Love Island season 5 in the watching Love Island season 5 in the watching Love Island season 5 in the background. background. background. So, yeah, I'll see y'all tomorrow when So, yeah, I'll see y'all tomorrow when So, yeah, I'll see y'all tomorrow when I'm going to get my brows threaded. I'm going to get my brows threaded. I'm going to get my brows threaded. So, yeah. Okay, hey y'all. So, it is So, yeah. Okay, hey y'all. So, it is So, yeah. Okay, hey y'all. So, it is hair appointment day. I'm about to hair appointment day. I'm about to hair appointment day. I'm about to butcher my hair, but I just got the butcher my hair, but I just got the butcher my hair, but I just got the shower. It's like early in the morning. shower. It's like early in the morning. shower. It's like early in the morning. I had to wake up early because I didn't I had to wake up early because I didn't I had to wake up early because I didn't wash my hair last night, so I had to wash my hair last night, so I had to wash my hair last night, so I had to wash it today. wash it today. wash it today. But, yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so Yeah, we're leaving in about like I have Yeah, we're leaving in about like I have Yeah, we're leaving in about like I have like a like a like a hour. I just put this top on just so hour. I just put this top on just so hour. I just put this top on just so like I have something on, but this is like I have something on, but this is like I have something on, but this is not what I'm going to wear. not what I'm going to wear. not what I'm going to wear. I didn't want to put like what I'm going I didn't want to put like what I'm going I didn't want to put like what I'm going to wear on to wear on to wear on while I blow dry my hair cuz I know how while I blow dry my hair cuz I know how while I blow dry my hair cuz I know how hot I can get and I don't want to sweat. hot I can get and I don't want to sweat. hot I can get and I don't want to sweat. But, yeah, I have the pants on. I'm just But, yeah, I have the pants on. I'm just But, yeah, I have the pants on. I'm just going to be wearing my Glazed Pink Lulu going to be wearing my Glazed Pink Lulu going to be wearing my Glazed Pink Lulu set. set. set. Yeah. My toes are getting cold. So, I Yeah. My toes are getting cold. So, I Yeah. My toes are getting cold. So, I think my hair is like pretty much think my hair is like pretty much think my hair is like pretty much dry enough dry enough dry enough for me to, you know, do this. And I need for me to, you know, do this. And I need for me to, you know, do this. And I need to look for my AirPods too because I to look for my AirPods too because I to look for my AirPods too because I don't know where they are. don't know where they are. don't know where they are. And I need my AirPods. I need them. And I need my AirPods. I need them. And I need my AirPods. I need them. Okay, so I think I'm going to just like Okay, so I think I'm going to just like Okay, so I think I'm going to just like blow dry my hair now. It's pretty like, It's pretty like, It's pretty like, you know, you know, you know, at the right spot to be blow dried for. at the right spot to be blow dried for. at the right spot to be blow dried for. I'm pretty sure. I feel like I'm pretty sure. I feel like I'm pretty sure. I feel like um But, I need to go downstairs. But, I need to go downstairs. But, I need to go downstairs. Y'all I to go downstairs and get some Y'all I to go downstairs and get some Y'all I to go downstairs and get some heat protectant, so heat protectant, so heat protectant, so BRB. But, I just put the spray protect BRB. But, I just put the spray protect BRB. But, I just put the spray protect the heat the heat protectant in [snorts] the heat the heat protectant in [snorts] the heat the heat protectant in [snorts] my hair and I went downstairs. I didn't my hair and I went downstairs. I didn't my hair and I went downstairs. I didn't want to bring you back up cuz want to bring you back up cuz want to bring you back up cuz then I'm going to bring you back down. then I'm going to bring you back down. then I'm going to bring you back down. So, yeah. So, yeah. So, yeah. I'm really hungry. So, for a good blow I'm really hungry. So, for a good blow I'm really hungry. So, for a good blow dry, you always need to section your dry, you always need to section your dry, you always need to section your hair. hair. hair. Sometimes I don't do that, but this time Sometimes I don't do that, but this time Sometimes I don't do that, but this time I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. So, I'm going to just section it in four I'm going to just section it in four I'm going to just section it in four pieces. pieces. pieces. The parts don't got to be straight. I The parts don't got to be straight. I The parts don't got to be straight. I mean, it's all going to like, you know. mean, it's all going to like, you know. mean, it's all going to like, you know. So, we're just going to do it like this. So, we're just going to do it like this. So, we're just going to do it like this. And then we're going to put this part in And then we're going to put this part in And then we're going to put this part in a clip. a clip. a clip. I'm I'm really hungry, like and this is I'm I'm really hungry, like and this is I'm I'm really hungry, like and this is crazy. crazy. crazy. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, So, So, now we have now we have now we have the back half. the back half. the back half. And I could do half and half or I could And I could do half and half or I could And I could do half and half or I could do four sections. do four sections. do four sections. I think for the cleanest, I think for the cleanest, I think for the cleanest, I need to do four sections. I need to do four sections. I need to do four sections. So, I'm going to do side like this side So, I'm going to do side like this side So, I'm going to do side like this side this side. this side. this side. Yeah. This is my blow dryer that I use. Yeah. This is my blow dryer that I use. Yeah. This is my blow dryer that I use. If you were ever wondering, like if you If you were ever wondering, like if you If you were ever wondering, like if you ever thought I blow dry my hair good and ever thought I blow dry my hair good and ever thought I blow dry my hair good and you want to know what dryer I was, I use you want to know what dryer I was, I use you want to know what dryer I was, I use the Wavytalk the Wavytalk the Wavytalk blow dryer with this attachment. blow dryer with this attachment. blow dryer with this attachment. So, yeah, I used to really want like the yeah, I used to really want like the yeah, I used to really want like the like the the brush blow dryer. like the the brush blow dryer. like the the brush blow dryer. You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about? I'm not going to do this. But, people say it causes like a lot of But, people say it causes like a lot of But, people say it causes like a lot of breakage and I breakage and I breakage and I don't want that. don't want that. don't want that. So, now I'm going to now I'm going to now I'm going to blow dry my hair blow dry my hair blow dry my hair and listen to music while I do it. and listen to music while I do it. and listen to music while I do it. Where's my music at? Oh, there it is. And I'm going to, you know, And I'm going to, you know, And I'm going to, you know, fast forward this. fast forward this. fast forward this. >> Come to me. Skin as caramel >> Come to me. Skin as caramel >> Come to me. Skin as caramel >> [music] >> Okay, so I have completed my blow dry. >> Okay, so I have completed my blow dry. >> Okay, so I have completed my blow dry. So now I'm going to like change into the So now I'm going to like change into the So now I'm going to like change into the the fine jacket. the fine jacket. the fine jacket. Time for my AirPods and then leave cuz I Time for my AirPods and then leave cuz I Time for my AirPods and then leave cuz I want to leave earlier than we said we want to leave earlier than we said we want to leave earlier than we said we were cuz I'm actually very, very, very were cuz I'm actually very, very, very were cuz I'm actually very, very, very hungry and I want some dumplings. So. But the blow dry is complete. But the blow dry is complete. But the blow dry is complete. Okay, y'all. I'm finna leave, but I Okay, y'all. I'm finna leave, but I Okay, y'all. I'm finna leave, but I can't show up for you. I'm going to wear can't show up for you. I'm going to wear can't show up for you. I'm going to wear some wearing this some wearing this some wearing this perfume. perfume. perfume. Love it so much. Love it so much. Love it so much. Oh. Oh. Oh. This perfume is good. This perfume is good. This perfume is good. So yeah, I'm wearing my silver Marc So yeah, I'm wearing my silver Marc So yeah, I'm wearing my silver Marc Jacobs, so Jacobs, so Jacobs, so you know, that follows with these, my you know, that follows with these, my you know, that follows with these, my silver at Burch. silver at Burch. silver at Burch. So let's go. So let's go. So let's go. Okay, y'all. So, I'm at my hair Okay, y'all. So, I'm at my hair Okay, y'all. So, I'm at my hair appointment. Yeah, I'm getting my hair done. I'm Yeah, I'm getting my hair done. I'm Yeah, I'm getting my hair done. I'm getting like a flip over. getting like a flip over. getting like a flip over. Kind of, but like not like the curly Kind of, but like not like the curly Kind of, but like not like the curly one. So, one. So, one. So, yeah. I'm just going to I'm just going to I'm just going to No. No. No. So, she's providing the bundles. They're So, she's providing the bundles. They're So, she's providing the bundles. They're human hair, Vietnamese bundles. I'll put human hair, Vietnamese bundles. I'll put human hair, Vietnamese bundles. I'll put her the bundles in the description cuz her the bundles in the description cuz her the bundles in the description cuz it's her own hair line. So, it's her own hair line. So, it's her own hair line. So, yeah. >> [music] >> Okay, I'm getting my brows done right >> Okay, I'm getting my brows done right >> Okay, I'm getting my brows done right now, but my phone is on 3%, so I can't now, but my phone is on 3%, so I can't now, but my phone is on 3%, so I can't really vlog much cuz I need to save for really vlog much cuz I need to save for really vlog much cuz I need to save for Apple Pay and my camera's also dead in Apple Pay and my camera's also dead in Apple Pay and my camera's also dead in the car, so the car, so the car, so yeah, but this is one brow done. I did yeah, but this is one brow done. I did yeah, but this is one brow done. I did this one, then my upper lip, and then this one, then my upper lip, and then this one, then my upper lip, and then yeah. yeah. yeah. So, I'll be back later cuz I don't want So, I'll be back later cuz I don't want So, I'll be back later cuz I don't want my phone to die so I can pay. my phone to die so I can pay. my phone to die so I can pay. Okay, y'all. My camera's literally still Okay, y'all. My camera's literally still Okay, y'all. My camera's literally still dying, but this is the outcome of my dying, but this is the outcome of my dying, but this is the outcome of my eye. It's literally dead. But, these are eye. It's literally dead. But, these are eye. It's literally dead. But, these are my eyebrows, so my eyebrows, so my eyebrows, so Okay, y'all, so it's the same day as Okay, y'all, so it's the same day as Okay, y'all, so it's the same day as literally the hair stuff like red and literally the hair stuff like red and literally the hair stuff like red and everything. everything. everything. But I have no more maintenance to get But I have no more maintenance to get But I have no more maintenance to get done, so I'm going to end the video up done, so I'm going to end the video up done, so I'm going to end the video up here. I hope you guys did enjoy this here. I hope you guys did enjoy this here. I hope you guys did enjoy this video, and if you did, make sure you video, and if you did, make sure you video, and if you did, make sure you like, comment, and subscribe. And stay like, comment, and subscribe. And stay like, comment, and subscribe. And stay tuned for the back to school get ready tuned for the back to school get ready tuned for the back to school get ready with me. with me. with me. I'm not ready to go to school, but I'm I'm not ready to go to school, but I'm I'm not ready to go to school, but I'm ready for the video, so stay tuned for ready for the video, so stay tuned for ready for the video, so stay tuned for that. And yeah.