I Was Once E.T. by Policeman. Oh My Papa I Was Once E.T. by Policeman. Oh My Papa I Was Once E.T. by Policeman. Oh My Papa Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey my father is a policeman, every policeman is mine Hey my father is a policeman, every policeman is mine Hey my father is a policeman, every policeman is mine There is no father. There is no father. There is no father. What kind of student was I in school? What kind of student was I in school? What kind of student was I in school? Nudie Kid Nudie Kid Nudie Kid The sporty kid [laughs] a teacher's pet. These The sporty kid [laughs] a teacher's pet. These The sporty kid [laughs] a teacher's pet. These Teachers have stomachs. What would you do [laughs] Teachers have stomachs. What would you do [laughs] Teachers have stomachs. What would you do [laughs] Brother? Brother, I think we should talk about the world. Brother? Brother, I think we should talk about the world. Brother? Brother, I think we should talk about the world. It should be known that creepy men are everywhere It should be known that creepy men are everywhere It should be known that creepy men are everywhere Is. Here it is. Identified himself. if you Is. Here it is. Identified himself. if you Is. Here it is. Identified himself. if you If you were in our place, what would you have done? You If you were in our place, what would you have done? You If you were in our place, what would you have done? You She is a reverse psychologist. She is a reverse psychologist. She is a reverse psychologist. I don't know that much. I don't know that much. I don't know that much. I went to the clinic today and she sat like this. I went to the clinic today and she sat like this. I went to the clinic today and she sat like this. Was. [Laughter] Let's lock D. Not keeping my room tidy. Let's lock D. Not keeping my room tidy. Let's lock D. Not keeping my room tidy. This guy laughed last time when we got torn apart. This guy laughed last time when we got torn apart. This guy laughed last time when we got torn apart. Was. [Laughter] Was. [Laughter] Was. [Laughter] The same thing that has been happening for the last half an hour. The same thing that has been happening for the last half an hour. The same thing that has been happening for the last half an hour. fired When will it happen? When will it happen? When will it happen? Oho Oho Oho Don't Judge a Book Bites cover. But we thought Don't Judge a Book Bites cover. But we thought Don't Judge a Book Bites cover. But we thought Let's try it. We are the judges in this show. Let's try it. We are the judges in this show. Let's try it. We are the judges in this show. will introduce an unknown contestant to us will introduce an unknown contestant to us will introduce an unknown contestant to us I will ask you seven personal questions about yourself. I will ask you seven personal questions about yourself. I will ask you seven personal questions about yourself. And we have to guess the right answer. And we have to guess the right answer. And we have to guess the right answer. The contestant has two lives. If we have two The contestant has two lives. If we have two The contestant has two lives. If we have two Guess the correct answers to the questions and give them Guess the correct answers to the questions and give them Guess the correct answers to the questions and give them Out. But if we fail, they can win. Out. But if we fail, they can win. Out. But if we fail, they can win. Full ₹00. Full ₹00. Full ₹00. Welcome to Drama Presents. Judge Me If You Welcome to Drama Presents. Judge Me If You Welcome to Drama Presents. Judge Me If You Can. Hello hello guys, how are you? Hello hello guys, how are you? Hello hello guys, how are you? Welcome to Dme presents H Me If You Can. Welcome to Dme presents H Me If You Can. Welcome to Dme presents H Me If You Can. A round of applause for our guest today. A round of applause for our guest today. A round of applause for our guest today. Friends, friend. Friends, friend. Friends, friend. Raunak has come specially from Mumbai for this. Raunak has come specially from Mumbai for this. Raunak has come specially from Mumbai for this. Why especially brother? Why especially brother? Why especially brother? I want Damesh's underwear. [Laughter] I want Damesh's underwear. [Laughter] I want Damesh's underwear. [Laughter] Damesh Premier Innerwear. Damesh Premier Innerwear. Damesh Premier Innerwear. Need premier innerwear. Need premier innerwear. Need premier innerwear. Yes. Yours too Damesh has been a Yes. Yours too Damesh has been a Yes. Yours too Damesh has been a Yes, yes, they have, they have, sponsors. Yes, yes, they have, they have, sponsors. Yes, yes, they have, they have, sponsors. They have sponsored yes. Because Dominance They have sponsored yes. Because Dominance They have sponsored yes. Because Dominance Friends, this is so great. Friends, this is so great. Friends, this is so great. They are the best, the most comfortable in a They are the best, the most comfortable in a They are the best, the most comfortable in a Ware for Man. The Most Comfortable. As Ware for Man. The Most Comfortable. As Ware for Man. The Most Comfortable. As There are no guarantees in relationships. like now There are no guarantees in relationships. like now There are no guarantees in relationships. like now We are friends. I will fight like this We are friends. I will fight like this We are friends. I will fight like this Will go. But their 30 day first trial Will go. But their 30 day first trial Will go. But their 30 day first trial It is guaranteed. It is guaranteed. It is guaranteed. How do I do it? Can you show that again? How do I do it? Can you show that again? How do I do it? Can you show that again? Can you again? Can you again? Can you again? I will do that with you. [Laughter] I will do that with you. [Laughter] I will do that with you. [Laughter] And he will tell you more. And he will tell you more. And he will tell you more. But welcome to the show guys. But welcome to the show guys. But welcome to the show guys. Thank you so much. Have you guys seen the show? Thank you so much. Have you guys seen the show? Thank you so much. Have you guys seen the show? Yes, off course. Yes, off course. Yes, off course. Yes. Yes. Yes. You have seen it. You are a veteran. You have seen it. You are a veteran. You have seen it. You are a veteran. I have seen it twice, from here. I have seen it twice, from here. I have seen it twice, from here. Because I had to see it. Because I had to see it. Because I had to see it. He is a veteran. You only came once He is a veteran. You only came once He is a veteran. You only came once We had lost all the money. and once We had lost all the money. and once We had lost all the money. and once If they did not let even one go, then your forest If they did not let even one go, then your forest If they did not let even one go, then your forest The forest has been built. Today is the deciding The forest has been built. Today is the deciding The forest has been built. Today is the deciding Decide. Best of three. Yes. Best of Decide. Best of three. Yes. Best of Decide. Best of three. Yes. Best of Three. Three. Three. A means no one will make a joke on this. Tall A means no one will make a joke on this. Tall A means no one will make a joke on this. Tall I would like to claim it. [Laughter] That today we will not get even a single question wrong. That today we will not get even a single question wrong. That today we will not get even a single question wrong. Not even one today. One Not even one today. One Not even one today. One 100% yay or yay. 100% yay or yay. 100% yay or yay. Or that's easy, friend. I Can Judge Or that's easy, friend. I Can Judge Or that's easy, friend. I Can Judge Everybody Right Now. [laughter] They're not a Everybody Right Now. [laughter] They're not a Everybody Right Now. [laughter] They're not a Contestant But You Can Judge Him. This is very Contestant But You Can Judge Him. This is very Contestant But You Can Judge Him. This is very It's dirty. Very bad. I said that this It's dirty. Very bad. I said that this It's dirty. Very bad. I said that this Ready to show that I don't know what Ready to show that I don't know what Ready to show that I don't know what Is the show ready for? [Laughter] Is the show ready for? [Laughter] Is the show ready for? [Laughter] It is very comfortable. I think he is It is very comfortable. I think he is It is very comfortable. I think he is Wearing Dum and She Is. Wearing Dum and She Is. Wearing Dum and She Is. Ok. You tell me generally that you are in judgment Ok. You tell me generally that you are in judgment Ok. You tell me generally that you are in judgment How are you. I'm I'm Usually Wrong About How are you. I'm I'm Usually Wrong About How are you. I'm I'm Usually Wrong About My judgment. My judgment. My judgment. Usually wrong? Usually wrong? Usually wrong? Or how did you say that we are at zero? Or how did you say that we are at zero? Or how did you say that we are at zero? only only only But because he said that, I said that to my But because he said that, I said that to my But because he said that, I said that to my You were also judged wrongly. [Laughter] You were also judged wrongly. [Laughter] You were also judged wrongly. [Laughter] When he said this, I also became wide open again. When he said this, I also became wide open again. When he said this, I also became wide open again. If or if this toy can clip too then I If or if this toy can clip too then I If or if this toy can clip too then I Why don't I do it? Why don't I do it? Why don't I do it? Ok. How are you brother, judgement? Ok. How are you brother, judgement? Ok. How are you brother, judgement? Look brother, I am good at judging, but I Look brother, I am good at judging, but I Look brother, I am good at judging, but I I couldn't put it into words properly I couldn't put it into words properly I couldn't put it into words properly I find it. Like when I see someone I find it. Like when I see someone I find it. Like when I see someone I do. I do. I do. I will do all this. So if my I will do all this. So if my I will do all this. So if my He will probably tell me to choose an option. He will probably tell me to choose an option. He will probably tell me to choose an option. I may not be able to do right or wrong, but even my expressions are safe. I may not be able to do right or wrong, but even my expressions are safe. I may not be able to do right or wrong, but even my expressions are safe. Put the zoom camera on it Put the zoom camera on it Put the zoom camera on it yes yes put it in zoom yes yes put it in zoom yes yes put it in zoom Like if I say how are you feeling Like if I say how are you feeling Like if I say how are you feeling you will speak you will speak you will speak So we thought that this is not yes So we thought that this is not yes So we thought that this is not yes Or if it's not A, then it's A [laughter]. Or if it's not A, then it's A [laughter]. Or if it's not A, then it's A [laughter]. So we kept guessing So we kept guessing So we kept guessing Correct Correct Correct Correct Correct Correct Tell me what you think for the correct answer. Tell me what you think for the correct answer. Tell me what you think for the correct answer. You will say [laughter]. You will say [laughter]. You will say [laughter]. Ok so the correct answer is on Satmola, ok Ok so the correct answer is on Satmola, ok Ok so the correct answer is on Satmola, ok and yes wrong for wrong answer and yes wrong for wrong answer and yes wrong for wrong answer Ok. Ok. Are we ready to start the Ok. Ok. Are we ready to start the Ok. Ok. Are we ready to start the Show Now? Show Now? Show Now? The name of today's first contestant is The name of today's first contestant is The name of today's first contestant is This is Lakshmi Sarbari. A No no, there is nothing like that. Look at my friend No no, there is nothing like that. Look at my friend No no, there is nothing like that. Look at my friend I was sitting next to Alia. I was sitting next to Alia. I was sitting next to Alia. Alia and Galia. Alia and Galia. Alia and Galia. Brother, that's why both of us are like T-shirts. Brother, that's why both of us are like T-shirts. Brother, that's why both of us are like T-shirts. We did everything so that we don't feel left out. We did everything so that we don't feel left out. We did everything so that we don't feel left out. or because use that treatment or or because use that treatment or or because use that treatment or Well, Laxmi Sarabari, who is known for her Well, Laxmi Sarabari, who is known for her Well, Laxmi Sarabari, who is known for her Sorry, I have a cough [laughs]. Edit Sorry, I have a cough [laughs]. Edit Sorry, I have a cough [laughs]. Edit But it will be fine too brother, water and we will But it will be fine too brother, water and we will But it will be fine too brother, water and we will pretending I don't know what happened pretending I don't know what happened pretending I don't know what happened What What What But brother, when can one be so comfortable without water? But brother, when can one be so comfortable without water? But brother, when can one be so comfortable without water? It looks like It looks like It looks like Well, you know, if it had water in it. Well, you know, if it had water in it. Well, you know, if it had water in it. Its absorbing capacity is amazing Its absorbing capacity is amazing Its absorbing capacity is amazing Damage. Damage. Damage. So, it means people have to stop wearing diapers now. So, it means people have to stop wearing diapers now. So, it means people have to stop wearing diapers now. Have already done. They leave wearing damage directly. Have already done. They leave wearing damage directly. Have already done. They leave wearing damage directly. Bus. Bus. Bus. Yes that's what you've been doing? Yes that's what you've been doing? Yes that's what you've been doing? Or [laughs] I mean, when this was going on, right? Or [laughs] I mean, when this was going on, right? Or [laughs] I mean, when this was going on, right? There was a squelching sound. Ok. I am calling you [laughs]. Ok. I am calling you [laughs]. Ok. I am calling you [laughs]. Come on Lakshmi. Our contestant today is Lakshmi Sarbari. Our contestant today is Lakshmi Sarbari. Our contestant today is Lakshmi Sarbari. Known by her artist name, Sinkora. Known by her artist name, Sinkora. Known by her artist name, Sinkora. They also call. They also call. They also call. Sarwari is 26 years old and a housewife by profession. Sarwari is 26 years old and a housewife by profession. Sarwari is 26 years old and a housewife by profession. Is a DJ and producer. About Sarvari Is a DJ and producer. About Sarvari Is a DJ and producer. About Sarvari Let me know one thing in advance. this backup Let me know one thing in advance. this backup Let me know one thing in advance. this backup Doesn't believe in plans. Doesn't believe in plans. Doesn't believe in plans. Sorry Chirag. [sound of clearing throat] Sorry Chirag. [sound of clearing throat] Sorry Chirag. [sound of clearing throat] She Always Wanted to Create a Show That Mixes She Always Wanted to Create a Show That Mixes She Always Wanted to Create a Show That Mixes Music and cooking together. What? Music and cooking together. What? Music and cooking together. What? Ok. And whichever girl he had a crush on Ok. And whichever girl he had a crush on Ok. And whichever girl he had a crush on She feels shy in front of him. She feels shy in front of him. She feels shy in front of him. Ok. Ok. Ok. And if Sharvari wins ₹00 today then she And if Sharvari wins ₹00 today then she And if Sharvari wins ₹00 today then she We will buy speakers with that money. We will buy speakers with that money. We will buy speakers with that money. Oh good for Oh good for Oh good for Or motivational speakers. [Laughter] Ok. Call Sarwari. Ok. Call Sarwari. Ok. Call Sarwari. Yes. Yes. Yes. Please bang. I welcome Lakshmi Sarwari. Please bang. I welcome Lakshmi Sarwari. Please bang. I welcome Lakshmi Sarwari. I think I'm just gonna be myself. I I think I'm just gonna be myself. I I think I'm just gonna be myself. I I'm gonna try and keep a poker face. I am I'm gonna try and keep a poker face. I am I'm gonna try and keep a poker face. I am Not the Kind of Person That [Music] I Look Not the Kind of Person That [Music] I Look Not the Kind of Person That [Music] I Look Like. So It Should Be Pretty Hard for Them Like. So It Should Be Pretty Hard for Them Like. So It Should Be Pretty Hard for Them To figure me out. My Hair Is the Most To figure me out. My Hair Is the Most To figure me out. My Hair Is the Most Misleading thing in my appearance because I Misleading thing in my appearance because I Misleading thing in my appearance because I Think It Makes Me Look Very Bold [Music] Think It Makes Me Look Very Bold [Music] Think It Makes Me Look Very Bold [Music] Which in some cases I am not. I am not Which in some cases I am not. I am not Which in some cases I am not. I am not Really here for the money. I think I just Really here for the money. I think I just Really here for the money. I think I just Here to have fun. So Hopefully We Can Here to have fun. So Hopefully We Can Here to have fun. So Hopefully We Can Have some fun. The show is very fun. it's my Have some fun. The show is very fun. it's my Have some fun. The show is very fun. it's my Kind of show. I like that then judge everyone Kind of show. I like that then judge everyone Kind of show. I like that then judge everyone When Usually [Music] I'm the Person When Usually [Music] I'm the Person When Usually [Music] I'm the Person Dudge. But I don't tell hit. So Dudge. But I don't tell hit. So Dudge. But I don't tell hit. So Lakshmi Lakshmi [encouraging voice] Lakshmi Lakshmi [encouraging voice] Lakshmi Lakshmi [encouraging voice] Lakshmi Lakshmi. what does sarbari mean Lakshmi Lakshmi. what does sarbari mean Lakshmi Lakshmi. what does sarbari mean Is? Actress in Munjiya. Is? Actress in Munjiya. Is? Actress in Munjiya. Oh [laughs] It Means Twilight. It Means Twilight. It Means Twilight. Twilight, oh brother [laughs]. Twilight, oh brother [laughs]. Twilight, oh brother [laughs]. What time does toilet light fall? Okay all right. Why is it called Sean Fog? Okay all right. Why is it called Sean Fog? Okay all right. Why is it called Sean Fog? Meaning it would have been difficult to pronounce Sarvari Meaning it would have been difficult to pronounce Sarvari Meaning it would have been difficult to pronounce Sarvari It is for the people. So It is for the people. So It is for the people. So I do remember the fog, right? So it means I do remember the fog, right? So it means I do remember the fog, right? So it means Then say anything. then Then say anything. then Then say anything. then Means intuition. Ok. Means intuition. Ok. Means intuition. Ok. End End End Okay all right. Now we have because of Okay all right. Now we have because of Okay all right. Now we have because of There was a contest about it. What we give you There was a contest about it. What we give you There was a contest about it. What we give you Call? Call? Call? Sarvari. Sarvari. Sarvari. Savary. That was tough, wasn't it? Savary. That was tough, wasn't it? Savary. That was tough, wasn't it? Call Sinkora. Call Sinkora. Call Sinkora. I will call Sinkora. Ok. I will call Sinkora. Ok. I will call Sinkora. Ok. whatever you want whatever you want whatever you want They call it Sinkora. They call it Sinkora. They call it Sinkora. Sinkora Sinkora Sinkora It seems like the name of some fan. It seems like the name of some fan. It seems like the name of some fan. Right? Right? Right? a little Sinkora a little Sinkora a little Sinkora Its ad is coming in IPL. Its ad is coming in IPL. Its ad is coming in IPL. Yes. Because we have no context Yes. Because we have no context Yes. Because we have no context It is not about Sinkora. So I think It is not about Sinkora. So I think It is not about Sinkora. So I think We should ask them two questions each. I will We should ask them two questions each. I will We should ask them two questions each. I will Start with the Waitron here. Start with the Waitron here. Start with the Waitron here. You are the house DJ. This means you are someone You are the house DJ. This means you are someone You are the house DJ. This means you are someone You cannot play in a commercial place. You cannot play in a commercial place. You cannot play in a commercial place. Are we judging you? [Laughter] Are we judging you? [Laughter] Are we judging you? [Laughter] You Thought That She Is a House DJ Because You Thought That She Is a House DJ Because You Thought That She Is a House DJ Because She doesn't play outside. She doesn't play outside. She doesn't play outside. Because she married an operator who tells her Because she married an operator who tells her Because she married an operator who tells her Don't go out of the house but DJ. Don't go out of the house but DJ. Don't go out of the house but DJ. Whatever DJing you want to do, do it while staying inside the house. Whatever DJing you want to do, do it while staying inside the house. Whatever DJing you want to do, do it while staying inside the house. [laughter] Do it. Because he wrote somewhere [laughter] Do it. Because he wrote somewhere [laughter] Do it. Because he wrote somewhere I was also into music and cooking. I was also into music and cooking. I was also into music and cooking. I live with both of them. So I thought something I live with both of them. So I thought something I live with both of them. So I thought something There must be some pressure. You think that you There must be some pressure. You think that you There must be some pressure. You think that you Let's be a little comedy sensitive at this time Let's be a little comedy sensitive at this time Let's be a little comedy sensitive at this time Is it happening? [Laughter] Is it happening? [Laughter] Is it happening? [Laughter] Do you think after such statements Do you think after such statements Do you think after such statements An apology video comes. friends of mine An apology video comes. friends of mine An apology video comes. friends of mine That means it absolutely I have learned a lot from my mistake. I have learned a lot from my mistake. I have learned a lot from my mistake. I will apologize to him in such a way that I will apologize to him in such a way that I will apologize to him in such a way that I didn't want to speak. blessings to me I didn't want to speak. blessings to me I didn't want to speak. blessings to me The chutes had to be cut from the side. [Laughter] The chutes had to be cut from the side. [Laughter] The chutes had to be cut from the side. [Laughter] He was calling me by fingering me. He was calling me by fingering me. He was calling me by fingering me. Some of my OK is fine. Then tell me. Some of my OK is fine. Then tell me. Some of my OK is fine. Then tell me. Ok. Ok. So you wasted this question. Ok. Ok. So you wasted this question. Ok. Ok. So you wasted this question. Is done. Thankfully. Tell me sir, Raunak Is done. Thankfully. Tell me sir, Raunak Is done. Thankfully. Tell me sir, Raunak Rajwani. Rajwani. Rajwani. What are the top three artists on your What are the top three artists on your What are the top three artists on your Spotify Rap? Will we reach anywhere with that? Spotify Rap? Will we reach anywhere with that? Spotify Rap? Will we reach anywhere with that? No, I came here for music recommendations. No, I came here for music recommendations. No, I came here for music recommendations. I. I. I. You need songs for the return flight. You need songs for the return flight. You need songs for the return flight. It's Luke Lassie, Rodigo AM and this guy It's Luke Lassie, Rodigo AM and this guy It's Luke Lassie, Rodigo AM and this guy Called Signy Charles. Called Signy Charles. Called Signy Charles. Such a beloved is not a beloved. Such a beloved is not a beloved. Such a beloved is not a beloved. I did not understand that. Tell us about this I did not understand that. Tell us about this I did not understand that. Tell us about this Who knows? Who knows? Who knows? The names of these people are also very difficult. V The names of these people are also very difficult. V The names of these people are also very difficult. V Should call all of them Syncora. Should call all of them Syncora. Should call all of them Syncora. Bhai One Two Three Bhai One Two Three Bhai One Two Three Before asking the second question, think about you once Before asking the second question, think about you once Before asking the second question, think about you once I will confirm from. Only if you do it alone I will confirm from. Only if you do it alone I will confirm from. Only if you do it alone I will ask. I will ask. I will ask. Absolutely not allowed. Absolutely not allowed. Absolutely not allowed. Okay [laughs]. Okay [laughs]. Okay [laughs]. I am asking you before this. not from them I am asking you before this. not from them I am asking you before this. not from them I am asking. ok not your account I am asking. ok not your account I am asking. ok not your account It will happen. Ye Rudrego AM Night Music It will happen. Ye Rudrego AM Night Music It will happen. Ye Rudrego AM Night Music No. No. No. Oh my God. So it happens at night only. Oh my God. So it happens at night only. Oh my God. So it happens at night only. It plays only at night. Ok ok fine. It plays only at night. Ok ok fine. It plays only at night. Ok ok fine. [laughter] Okay. ok my question is [laughter] Okay. ok my question is [laughter] Okay. ok my question is What? ask a good question What? ask a good question What? ask a good question This is a good question, isn't it allowed or not? This is a good question, isn't it allowed or not? This is a good question, isn't it allowed or not? No [laughter] it is not. No [laughter] it is not. No [laughter] it is not. Okay, my question is this: I Okay, my question is this: I Okay, my question is this: I So I want to play it right [laughs]. So I want to play it right [laughs]. So I want to play it right [laughs]. What was your dream that you could not fulfill? What was your dream that you could not fulfill? What was your dream that you could not fulfill? You get You get You get I wanted to be an artist I wanted to I wanted to be an artist I wanted to I wanted to be an artist I wanted to Start a Label with My Paintings on It Start a Label with My Paintings on It Start a Label with My Paintings on It That I Didn't Do | That I Didn't Do | That I Didn't Do | Label with your painting Label with your painting Label with your painting Label in the sense like a clothing label Label in the sense like a clothing label Label in the sense like a clothing label Clothing Labels Clothing Labels Clothing Labels Or Or Or Oh so you don't want anything in life, a stable job Oh so you don't want anything in life, a stable job Oh so you don't want anything in life, a stable job don't want don't want don't want You don't need regular incoming money. [Laughter] You don't need regular incoming money. [Laughter] You don't need regular incoming money. [Laughter] Ok. Ok. Brother, this is an artist type person. Ok. Ok. Brother, this is an artist type person. Ok. Ok. Brother, this is an artist type person. Is. Look, we got some gauge done from this. Now Is. Look, we got some gauge done from this. Now Is. Look, we got some gauge done from this. Now What did we gauge from that? Are you in the house What did we gauge from that? Are you in the house What did we gauge from that? Are you in the house If you are a DJ then If you are a DJ then If you are a DJ then How do you live outside the house, sister? not that How do you live outside the house, sister? not that How do you live outside the house, sister? not that found to be. found to be. found to be. Right and he was going to get all Right and he was going to get all Right and he was going to get all Judgements correct in the [laughter] first. Judgements correct in the [laughter] first. Judgements correct in the [laughter] first. Even you. Even you. Even you. That's all I was saying. That's all I was saying. That's all I was saying. I was doing it in the square [laughs]. I was doing it in the square [laughs]. I was doing it in the square [laughs]. I was just talking openly, friend. I was just talking openly, friend. I was just talking openly, friend. Let me try to ask the second sincerely. Let me try to ask the second sincerely. Let me try to ask the second sincerely. Second question sincerely. Second question sincerely. Second question sincerely. It's been a second, right? No no no that's not It's been a second, right? No no no that's not It's been a second, right? No no no that's not No, actually I tell them this is No, actually I tell them this is No, actually I tell them this is My Show Hey [encouraging voice] you do that Hey [encouraging voice] you do that Hey [encouraging voice] you do that You give it, then the reel comes, the badtameez comedian You give it, then the reel comes, the badtameez comedian You give it, then the reel comes, the badtameez comedian I am joking, we did not allow seconds. I am joking, we did not allow seconds. I am joking, we did not allow seconds. did his did his did his Yes, I am oppressed, he has oppressed me. Yes, I am oppressed, he has oppressed me. Yes, I am oppressed, he has oppressed me. No, I didn't [laughs]. No, I didn't [laughs]. No, I didn't [laughs]. He is a house comedian yes brother go ahead yes brother go ahead yes brother go ahead If you have to choose one Bollywood celebrity If you have to choose one Bollywood celebrity If you have to choose one Bollywood celebrity You have to do whatever is of your closest interest. You have to do whatever is of your closest interest. You have to do whatever is of your closest interest. in personality in personality in personality So who will be the one with whom you will like the most? So who will be the one with whom you will like the most? So who will be the one with whom you will like the most? Do you match personality wise? Do you match personality wise? Do you match personality wise? Maybe Shahrukh Khan is like loyal. Maybe Shahrukh Khan is like loyal. Maybe Shahrukh Khan is like loyal. Loyal Loyal Loyal Loyal I field I think he stands by the Loyal I field I think he stands by the Loyal I field I think he stands by the By His People. By His People. By His People. Correct. Correct. Correct. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He stands by. He stands by. He stands by. By All That. By All That. By All That. Takes a lot of space. Takes a lot of space. Takes a lot of space. But it does stand there. But it does stand there. But it does stand there. It will stand in the way, right? [Laughter] It will stand in the way, right? [Laughter] It will stand in the way, right? [Laughter] What's the problem? What's the problem? What's the problem? Ok. Ok. Your question friend. or my Ok. Ok. Your question friend. or my Ok. Ok. Your question friend. or my The question is who cheated on you The question is who cheated on you The question is who cheated on you Gauri [laughs] It's a question It's a question It's a question Just Shekant answer there, ask again. Just Shekant answer there, ask again. Just Shekant answer there, ask again. another question another question another question Or Or Or ok fine i have a generic question your ok fine i have a generic question your ok fine i have a generic question your Swig [laughs] Swig [laughs] Swig [laughs] Most Ordered Most Ordered Most Ordered items items items items items items or items or items or items Most Ordered Most Ordered Most Ordered Most Ordered Most Ordered Most Ordered Most Ordered Most Ordered Most Ordered Most Ordered Most Ordered Most Ordered Biryani and Shawarma Biryani and Shawarma Biryani and Shawarma Biryani and Shawarma Biryani and Shawarma Biryani and Shawarma Biryani and shawarma, what should I do now [laughs] Biryani and shawarma, what should I do now [laughs] Biryani and shawarma, what should I do now [laughs] Place two plates each. Place two plates each. Place two plates each. So you have two questions. My question remains So you have two questions. My question remains So you have two questions. My question remains Is. Firstly, we are a little more Is. Firstly, we are a little more Is. Firstly, we are a little more So we speak in English. You have also come. So we speak in English. You have also come. So we speak in English. You have also come. I stopped being able to understand. I stopped being able to understand. I stopped being able to understand. In the Ilebro test pilot. actually In the Ilebro test pilot. actually In the Ilebro test pilot. actually I thought I was a bit like you're the hobbyist type I thought I was a bit like you're the hobbyist type I thought I was a bit like you're the hobbyist type She is a woman of. It looked dirty, man. so She is a woman of. It looked dirty, man. so She is a woman of. It looked dirty, man. so I have consciously changed my hobby. I have consciously changed my hobby. I have consciously changed my hobby. Had done it. Had done it. Had done it. If you are a hobby type of woman then always don't If you are a hobby type of woman then always don't If you are a hobby type of woman then always don't Speak. Speak. Speak. Yes. So leave this phrase. Right Yes. So leave this phrase. Right Yes. So leave this phrase. Right Right correct. [Laughter] Right correct. [Laughter] Right correct. [Laughter] You know she is an artist. She Likes She You know she is an artist. She Likes She You know she is an artist. She Likes She Likes Iborate Food. So that means she Likes Iborate Food. So that means she Likes Iborate Food. So that means she He likes things that require effort. a little something He likes things that require effort. a little something He likes things that require effort. a little something He worked on it. Those two English ones He worked on it. Those two English ones He worked on it. Those two English ones He also likes three musicians. He also likes three musicians. He also likes three musicians. Ok. [sound of clearing throat] mine Ok. [sound of clearing throat] mine Ok. [sound of clearing throat] mine The question is what is your relationship? The question is what is your relationship? The question is what is your relationship? With your parents? He is happy with you now With your parents? He is happy with you now With your parents? He is happy with you now These careers are based on your current life or your choices. These careers are based on your current life or your choices. These careers are based on your current life or your choices. Wali? Wali? Wali? Oh wow judging already. Oh wow judging already. Oh wow judging already. Near. Near. Near. She is being rude. being very rude She is being rude. being very rude She is being rude. being very rude Is. Is. Is. Call home. [Laughter] Call home. [Laughter] Call home. [Laughter] How can I say that she doesn't even listen to me. Well, I have to ask another question. Well, I have to ask another question. Well, I have to ask another question. How much debt do you have? How much debt do you have? How much debt do you have? ₹00 [laughs] ₹00 [laughs] ₹00 [laughs] Is there nothing? Is there nothing? Is there nothing? There is nothing on loan. Ok. from any of its There is nothing on loan. Ok. from any of its There is nothing on loan. Ok. from any of its There is no conversation. There is no conversation. Bad There is no conversation. There is no conversation. Bad There is no conversation. There is no conversation. Bad Not a human being. But she is a woman of colourful temperament. Not a human being. But she is a woman of colourful temperament. Not a human being. But she is a woman of colourful temperament. I will not only upload the video but also the entire I will not only upload the video but also the entire I will not only upload the video but also the entire Only one video will be available, of 30 seconds. Only one video will be available, of 30 seconds. Only one video will be available, of 30 seconds. I just said you are colorful I just said you are colorful I just said you are colorful Finished video [laughs] Finished video [laughs] Finished video [laughs] Okay, okay, let's start the main presentation. Okay, okay, let's start the main presentation. Okay, okay, let's start the main presentation. That We Begin Guys That We Begin Guys That We Begin Guys Okay, first question on our screens. Okay, first question on our screens. Okay, first question on our screens. Please for ₹2000 Please for ₹2000 Please for ₹2000 I once dated a woman who was I once dated a woman who was I once dated a woman who was Turn straight after the breakup [laughs]. Turn straight after the breakup [laughs]. Turn straight after the breakup [laughs]. Corrected Grammar in Every Argument Corrected Grammar in Every Argument Corrected Grammar in Every Argument Had a backup before breaking up with me Had a backup before breaking up with me Had a backup before breaking up with me New My Passwords But Not My Birthday New My Passwords But Not My Birthday New My Passwords But Not My Birthday Oh brother, whoever the lady from the fourth is, has come. Oh brother, whoever the lady from the fourth is, has come. Oh brother, whoever the lady from the fourth is, has come. Respect her [laughs]. Respect her [laughs]. Respect her [laughs]. Okay, look, let me tell you all. Okay, look, let me tell you all. Okay, look, let me tell you all. He gave only one answer out of these. He gave only one answer out of these. He gave only one answer out of these. When the question was asked, the remaining options were given by our team. When the question was asked, the remaining options were given by our team. When the question was asked, the remaining options were given by our team. have created to confuse us, so that have created to confuse us, so that have created to confuse us, so that We have to think accordingly We have to think accordingly We have to think accordingly Had a backup before breaking up with me, friend Had a backup before breaking up with me, friend Had a backup before breaking up with me, friend I find this interesting bro I find this interesting bro I find this interesting bro Because it seems very easy. Because it seems very easy. Because it seems very easy. No, because he could have said this too. No, because he could have said this too. No, because he could have said this too. And this may have been said by the team as well. And this may have been said by the team as well. And this may have been said by the team as well. To confuse. Look because we To confuse. Look because we To confuse. Look because we I also know that she is a loyal I also know that she is a loyal I also know that she is a loyal Enthusiast. He is fond of loyalty. Enthusiast. He is fond of loyalty. Enthusiast. He is fond of loyalty. Loyalty is fond of [laughs]. Loyalty is fond of [laughs]. Loyalty is fond of [laughs]. Because she is a hobbyist. Because she is a hobbyist. Because she is a hobbyist. She is fond of hobbies. She is fond of hobbies. She is fond of hobbies. Correct correct. Correct. Correct correct. Correct. Correct correct. Correct. Let's eliminate one first. Look, look Let's eliminate one first. Look, look Let's eliminate one first. Look, look Corrected grammar in every argument Corrected grammar in every argument Corrected grammar in every argument Is not a story uniform girl. that the girl Is not a story uniform girl. that the girl Is not a story uniform girl. that the girl She used to interrupt me. This thing is like this She used to interrupt me. This thing is like this She used to interrupt me. This thing is like this I will not tell. I will not tell. I will not tell. Such a fourth thing new my passwords but Such a fourth thing new my passwords but Such a fourth thing new my passwords but Not even my birthday, not by flattering like this Not even my birthday, not by flattering like this Not even my birthday, not by flattering like this He will tell that brother does not even tell his birthday He will tell that brother does not even tell his birthday He will tell that brother does not even tell his birthday Actually, he can tell a little bit if he Actually, he can tell a little bit if he Actually, he can tell a little bit if he You snoop, but she won't snoop. You snoop, but she won't snoop. You snoop, but she won't snoop. Because this means loyalty snooping Because this means loyalty snooping Because this means loyalty snooping Snoop Dogg Snoop Dogg Snoop Dogg Or checking someone spawn without permission Or checking someone spawn without permission Or checking someone spawn without permission But why is she putting in efforts etc. on these? But why is she putting in efforts etc. on these? But why is she putting in efforts etc. on these? Which school teaches all this? Which school teaches all this? Which school teaches all this? When they say that this is what you are doing When they say that this is what you are doing When they say that this is what you are doing This is snooping, Chirag, stop telling everyone this. This is snooping, Chirag, stop telling everyone this. This is snooping, Chirag, stop telling everyone this. ok well okay okay okay okay my ok well okay okay okay okay my ok well okay okay okay okay my I think you should get one of A or C. I think you should get one of A or C. I think you should get one of A or C. Let's takeit. Let's takeit. Let's takeit. CeCe Turns Straight After Breakup Is I CeCe Turns Straight After Breakup Is I CeCe Turns Straight After Breakup Is I Think it's a trick question. I think we Think it's a trick question. I think we Think it's a trick question. I think we Are being made to answer that so that we are Are being made to answer that so that we are Are being made to answer that so that we are Told that this cannot happen. You Can't Turn Told that this cannot happen. You Can't Turn Told that this cannot happen. You Can't Turn Straight and then we'll go to jail. Straight and then we'll go to jail. Straight and then we'll go to jail. So this is such a big trick. So this is such a big trick. So this is such a big trick. or or or or or or that these [laughter] people basically these people basically that these [laughter] people basically these people basically that these [laughter] people basically these people basically Want another job. Want another job. Want another job. So that's how good he applied somewhere. So that's how good he applied somewhere. So that's how good he applied somewhere. He did it and got selected. Okay okay. He did it and got selected. Okay okay. He did it and got selected. Okay okay. Ok. So this is their notice period. [Laughter] Ok. So this is their notice period. [Laughter] Ok. So this is their notice period. [Laughter] I am feeling a little naive. I am feeling a little naive. I am feeling a little naive. I will give you the explanation. If wrong I will give you the explanation. If wrong I will give you the explanation. If wrong If you feel like it, please edit it from the show, brother. If you feel like it, please edit it from the show, brother. If you feel like it, please edit it from the show, brother. Let's see brother. Let's see brother. Let's see brother. Ok. this could be somebody Ok. this could be somebody Ok. this could be somebody Tell me in Hindi. Tell me in Hindi. Tell me in Hindi. Well, it could be someone who Well, it could be someone who Well, it could be someone who Speak in English. Speak in English. Speak in English. I speak one word in English and one in Hindi I speak one word in English and one in Hindi I speak one word in English and one in Hindi I speak. Third Sanskrit [laughs] I speak. Third Sanskrit [laughs] I speak. Third Sanskrit [laughs] Let's do this. Let's do this. Let's do this. Marani Marani Marani He might have dated someone He might have dated someone He might have dated someone Those who are very early in life are not sure. Those who are very early in life are not sure. Those who are very early in life are not sure. The by Curious The The by Curious The The by Curious The And like you And like you And like you Or [laughter] Or [laughter] Or [laughter] By Curious No no or we are not very content with them No no or we are not very content with them No no or we are not very content with them Give Give Give Will they make that with AI? Will they make that with AI? Will they make that with AI? Yes, I am also feeling the same. Yes, I am also feeling the same. Yes, I am also feeling the same. And also it is a fun story that it will tell And also it is a fun story that it will tell And also it is a fun story that it will tell To the people that this happened, this happened because I To the people that this happened, this happened because I To the people that this happened, this happened because I did such a great job did such a great job did such a great job Why did it become someone else's? Why did it become someone else's? Why did it become someone else's? How alarm is ending good. How alarm is ending good. How alarm is ending good. Hey, the music is that, it's house music. Hey, the music is that, it's house music. Hey, the music is that, it's house music. I think we go a long way together I think we go a long way together I think we go a long way together Don't waste time. Don't waste time. Don't waste time. I think it's C. I think it's C. I think it's C. C C C No but see is too easy. Ok let's go. I think it's No but see is too easy. Ok let's go. I think it's No but see is too easy. Ok let's go. I think it's B. B. B. What? What? What? Correct it grammar. Correct it grammar. Correct it grammar. I think it's B. But if you guys say this I think it's B. But if you guys say this I think it's B. But if you guys say this If you are staying then I will go. Then you guys are wrong If you are staying then I will go. Then you guys are wrong If you are staying then I will go. Then you guys are wrong Will be. Will be. Will be. Oh! Oh! Oh! Or. I also think it's a only. Or. I also think it's a only. Or. I also think it's a only. Come, let us support you and go to B. Come, let us support you and go to B. Come, let us support you and go to B. No I think it's a. [Laughter] No I think it's a. [Laughter] No I think it's a. [Laughter] Tell me what is your final result. Tell me what is your final result. Tell me what is your final result. If you're if both of you're from o is. If you're if both of you're from o is. If you're if both of you're from o is. Since both of you are saying. Since both of you are saying. Since both of you are saying. Not like this. Not like this. Not like this. I am also saying. I am also saying. I am also saying. Take ownership. Take ownership. Take ownership. Take ownership. Take ownership. Take ownership. If there is a case then who led it? [Laughter] Ah, turn straight after a breakup. Ok, Ah, turn straight after a breakup. Ok, Ah, turn straight after a breakup. Ok, OK, A. Ok. Lock A up, guys. OK, A. Ok. Lock A up, guys. OK, A. Ok. Lock A up, guys. For ₹2,000. Hey, are the speakers coming? For ₹2,000. Hey, are the speakers coming? For ₹2,000. Hey, are the speakers coming? Then will come what we call the lead. Then will come what we call the lead. Then will come what we call the lead. Look, the lead shines through it all. You are the first Look, the lead shines through it all. You are the first Look, the lead shines through it all. You are the first You are telling me. Lead pe apna [laughs] guy. One You are telling me. Lead pe apna [laughs] guy. One You are telling me. Lead pe apna [laughs] guy. One So people tell me this, brother, you are your So people tell me this, brother, you are your So people tell me this, brother, you are your He is a guy. We also understand what you say. He is a guy. We also understand what you say. He is a guy. We also understand what you say. So everyone's vocabulary is bad like ours. So everyone's vocabulary is bad like ours. So everyone's vocabulary is bad like ours. So we should also speak in such language to the lead. So we should also speak in such language to the lead. So we should also speak in such language to the lead. Can. Ox, oaks will come into it. Can. Ox, oaks will come into it. Can. Ox, oaks will come into it. Put your finger down, sir. [Laughter] Put your finger down, sir. [Laughter] Put your finger down, sir. [Laughter] No one is in tension in 2000. No one is in tension in 2000. No one is in tension in 2000. Hey, in 2000 you had something to do with Potronics. Hey, in 2000 you had something to do with Potronics. Hey, in 2000 you had something to do with Potronics. Will get it. Will get it. Will get it. Why am I talking about another brand? Why am I talking about another brand? Why am I talking about another brand? yes? yes? yes? You will get some compensation for the damage. You will get some compensation for the damage. You will get some compensation for the damage. Brother, it will look very dirty here. Brother, it will look very dirty here. Brother, it will look very dirty here. If you are listening to songs with damage on. I think If you are listening to songs with damage on. I think If you are listening to songs with damage on. I think I want to turn straight after this sound. I want to turn straight after this sound. I want to turn straight after this sound. [Appreciation] It's Only Because I To Own It. [Appreciation] It's Only Because I To Own It. [Appreciation] It's Only Because I To Own It. ok nice wa nice ok I ok nice wa nice ok I ok nice wa nice ok I I am excited, I just realized it for the first time I am excited, I just realized it for the first time I am excited, I just realized it for the first time Two Sindhis have come to our show once. Two Sindhis have come to our show once. Two Sindhis have come to our show once. or that's true or that's true or that's true And this will save us money. And this will save us money. And this will save us money. On the first question, brother, this has happened very rarely. On the first question, brother, this has happened very rarely. On the first question, brother, this has happened very rarely. Wow Wow Wow I'll be back [laughs]. I'll be back [laughs]. I'll be back [laughs]. You had two lives, one was yours. You had two lives, one was yours. You had two lives, one was yours. Their game is over on our next correct answer. Their game is over on our next correct answer. Their game is over on our next correct answer. It will end here, okay, but you will have a It will end here, okay, but you will have a It will end here, okay, but you will have a We will give you the option to lock it when any of your We will give you the option to lock it when any of your We will give you the option to lock it when any of your If the winning amount was on the empty safe If the winning amount was on the empty safe If the winning amount was on the empty safe There is no use in locking it. So further There is no use in locking it. So further There is no use in locking it. So further Let's earn you some money whenever you want if Let's earn you some money whenever you want if Let's earn you some money whenever you want if that these two Sindhis want not to earn that these two Sindhis want not to earn that these two Sindhis want not to earn You can put a lock on it. Ok? You can put a lock on it. Ok? You can put a lock on it. Ok? Now for the same amount one for ₹2000 Now for the same amount one for ₹2000 Now for the same amount one for ₹2000 An alternate question will appear. Hmm, he looks at An alternate question will appear. Hmm, he looks at An alternate question will appear. Hmm, he looks at We all are. Come on sir. We all are. Come on sir. We all are. Come on sir. What kind of student was I in school? What kind of student was I in school? What kind of student was I in school? Table Table Table Nady Kit. Nady Kit. Nady Kit. Noddy. Noddy. Noddy. Rebel backbencher? Rebel backbencher? Rebel backbencher? The Sporty Kit. The Sporty Kit. The Sporty Kit. A teacher's pet. Oh! Definitely not a teacher's stomach. A teacher's pet. Oh! Definitely not a teacher's stomach. A teacher's pet. Oh! Definitely not a teacher's stomach. Was. It does not occur to teachers that the child Was. It does not occur to teachers that the child Was. It does not occur to teachers that the child Shouldn't be cool. Shouldn't be cool. Shouldn't be cool. But she was a teacher's pet earlier, that's why she But she was a teacher's pet earlier, that's why she But she was a teacher's pet earlier, that's why she Regret is currently coloring her hair. Regret is currently coloring her hair. Regret is currently coloring her hair. I don't think teachers have pets because I don't think teachers have pets because I don't think teachers have pets because Brother, I actually do not follow Raunak's theory. Brother, I actually do not follow Raunak's theory. Brother, I actually do not follow Raunak's theory. I support. I support. I support. Haven't spoken yet Haven't spoken yet Haven't spoken yet She said it right. She said it right. She said it right. Well, it looks like he's a very Well, it looks like he's a very Well, it looks like he's a very Must be a nerdy artist that's very technical Must be a nerdy artist that's very technical Must be a nerdy artist that's very technical Must be making things. So he did a lot in school Must be making things. So he did a lot in school Must be making things. So he did a lot in school Must have studied religiously. Or Must have studied religiously. Or Must have studied religiously. Or And Now She Is a Reveal Turned And Now She Is a Reveal Turned And Now She Is a Reveal Turned Or sorry, not revel or nadi then Or sorry, not revel or nadi then Or sorry, not revel or nadi then Earlier there was Nadi in the school, now there is Revel Earlier there was Nadi in the school, now there is Revel Earlier there was Nadi in the school, now there is Revel the person who the person who the person who Yes Yes Yes I changed my childhood name, that's it I changed my childhood name, that's it I changed my childhood name, that's it Because that part is no longer what I used to Because that part is no longer what I used to Because that part is no longer what I used to To be I'm sinking now and in the 10th, a little To be I'm sinking now and in the 10th, a little To be I'm sinking now and in the 10th, a little applause applause applause There is no power brother, there is no power in the story. There is no power brother, there is no power in the story. There is no power brother, there is no power in the story. [applause] [cheering] either [applause] [cheering] either [applause] [cheering] either Are they happy or are their hands dirty? Are they happy or are their hands dirty? Are they happy or are their hands dirty? [laughter] Something just happened. [laughter] Something just happened. [laughter] Something just happened. too much too much too much Yes. Yes. Yes. So either she is a nerdy kid or a teacher So either she is a nerdy kid or a teacher So either she is a nerdy kid or a teacher Pet Is What I Think Because Now Pet Is What I Think Because Now Pet Is What I Think Because Now Because those who were bullies in school Because those who were bullies in school Because those who were bullies in school He sits quietly at the shop. He sits quietly at the shop. He sits quietly at the shop. Isn't it? Correct [laughs]. Isn't it? Correct [laughs]. Isn't it? Correct [laughs]. Correct. Correct. Correct. So you must have seen its opposite also. Chotu so So you must have seen its opposite also. Chotu so So you must have seen its opposite also. Chotu so Take off your shoes. who was a fool in school Take off your shoes. who was a fool in school Take off your shoes. who was a fool in school Is. He is humbled in this land. She is humbled Is. He is humbled in this land. She is humbled Is. He is humbled in this land. She is humbled In Land. Is anyone getting their logic in their head? In Land. Is anyone getting their logic in their head? In Land. Is anyone getting their logic in their head? In? Audience? In? Audience? In? Audience? Very thick glasses. Very thick glasses. Very thick glasses. Very thick glasses. So she's like Very thick glasses. So she's like Very thick glasses. So she's like Looking at the Books Close. Looking at the Books Close. Looking at the Books Close. Good book is made from many books, glasses book Good book is made from many books, glasses book Good book is made from many books, glasses book From. So people tell who this illiterate person is. From. So people tell who this illiterate person is. From. So people tell who this illiterate person is. Wow, look what a scholarly person has come. Wow, look what a scholarly person has come. Wow, look what a scholarly person has come. Look at sports, that's why we don't take it Look at sports, that's why we don't take it Look at sports, that's why we don't take it Because sports can be had anywhere. Because sports can be had anywhere. Because sports can be had anywhere. Nothing else has been established. Nothing else has been established. Nothing else has been established. She is eating biryani. She is eating biryani. She is eating biryani. Yes. Look at Idar Nadi Gate and Teacher's Pet. I Yes. Look at Idar Nadi Gate and Teacher's Pet. I Yes. Look at Idar Nadi Gate and Teacher's Pet. I feel like this a person who believe has a feel like this a person who believe has a feel like this a person who believe has a Value System and Stands for Horror Value System and Stands for Horror Value System and Stands for Horror value system. Right or wrong? value value system. Right or wrong? value value system. Right or wrong? value You define the system. You define the system. You define the system. Value system means that I am not going to Value system means that I am not going to Value system means that I am not going to B. Teacher's Pet. I am what I am. B. Teacher's Pet. I am what I am. B. Teacher's Pet. I am what I am. What's the problem with teachers' stomachs? What's the problem with teachers' stomachs? What's the problem with teachers' stomachs? Hey, go away. Hey, go away. Hey, go away. Brother, if you were in school right now [laughs]. Brother, if you were in school right now [laughs]. Brother, if you were in school right now [laughs]. I would have called your parents brother. If I would have called your parents brother. If I would have called your parents brother. If If it was Nady then I mean like he also had 9.4 If it was Nady then I mean like he also had 9.4 If it was Nady then I mean like he also had 9.4 I have told this with so much shame. Isn't it? If I have told this with so much shame. Isn't it? If I have told this with so much shame. Isn't it? If If he had done something good academically If he had done something good academically If he had done something good academically He should have mentioned it somewhere. So far they have He should have mentioned it somewhere. So far they have He should have mentioned it somewhere. So far they have He has highlighted his loyal nature. He has highlighted his loyal nature. He has highlighted his loyal nature. Ok? Ok? Ok? so and so so and so so and so All these sycophants are very good. All these sycophants are very good. All these sycophants are very good. There is no problem in this There is no problem in this There is no problem in this The teachers pack has no values The teachers pack has no values The teachers pack has no values would not have been would not have been would not have been [Praise] Right Na [Praise] Right Na [Praise] Right Na You know how useful that is to us [laughs]. You know how useful that is to us [laughs]. You know how useful that is to us [laughs]. Son, go and get the duster, I will do it myself. Son, go and get the duster, I will do it myself. Son, go and get the duster, I will do it myself. I will go I will go I will go In the class, our little friends and friends In the class, our little friends and friends In the class, our little friends and friends leaving behind come and eat come and eat come and eat Look, I think he's nerdy. Teacher's Pet Look, I think he's nerdy. Teacher's Pet Look, I think he's nerdy. Teacher's Pet Do either of them, whichever is right for you. Do either of them, whichever is right for you. Do either of them, whichever is right for you. It seems. It seems. It seems. Well, let's do one thing at a time because there are many Well, let's do one thing at a time because there are many Well, let's do one thing at a time because there are many Is expressive. I will say each option Is expressive. I will say each option Is expressive. I will say each option So react to that. hands down hands down So react to that. hands down hands down So react to that. hands down hands down Put it down. Put it down. Put it down. Well, I won't get this life again. Well, I won't get this life again. Well, I won't get this life again. was not that was not that was not that Girlfriend and then she had such a nose in her face Girlfriend and then she had such a nose in her face Girlfriend and then she had such a nose in her face O! O! O! Oh, this is what he does. Oh, this is what he does. Oh, this is what he does. Let's see who reacts best. Correct Let's see who reacts best. Correct Let's see who reacts best. Correct Is? Ok ok. I will tell you four options. Is? Ok ok. I will tell you four options. Is? Ok ok. I will tell you four options. you see it. I see it. and between you see it. I see it. and between you see it. I see it. and between I put a split screen on both of them. I put a split screen on both of them. I put a split screen on both of them. Will post a reaction. Will post a reaction. Will post a reaction. Ok. Put your hands down. Ok. Put your hands down. Ok. Put your hands down. Nicet [applause][laughter] I think theirs [applause][laughter] I think theirs [applause][laughter] I think theirs It's done in inner wear. It's done in inner wear. It's done in inner wear. Pacha [applause] Pacha and Pacha [laughter] Pacha [applause] Pacha and Pacha [laughter] Pacha [applause] Pacha and Pacha [laughter] Free purchase is fine. Rebel Bag Bencher Free purchase is fine. Rebel Bag Bencher Free purchase is fine. Rebel Bag Bencher The Sporty Kid The Sporty Kid The Sporty Kid You just keep blowing air like this. You don't look free from all cosmetic surgery. You don't look free from all cosmetic surgery. You don't look free from all cosmetic surgery. yes. [Laughter] yes. [Laughter] yes. [Laughter] Before Photo A Teacher's Pet Before Photo A Teacher's Pet Before Photo A Teacher's Pet This is the teacher's pet. Trying to Play School This is the teacher's pet. Trying to Play School This is the teacher's pet. Trying to Play School Or trying to play school. Or trying to play school. Or trying to play school. Ok. What did you do teachers? [Laughter] Ok. What did you do teachers? [Laughter] Ok. What did you do teachers? [Laughter] This is not the swag you have This is not the swag you have This is not the swag you have There must have been someone among you, never. There must have been someone among you, never. There must have been someone among you, never. Sometimes on teachers. Brother, have you ever been to school? Sometimes on teachers. Brother, have you ever been to school? Sometimes on teachers. Brother, have you ever been to school? You haven't gone. This boy did not go to school You haven't gone. This boy did not go to school You haven't gone. This boy did not go to school Is. This boy has gone to school and she will come soon. Is. This boy has gone to school and she will come soon. Is. This boy has gone to school and she will come soon. Will happen. Isn't it? who go outside the school Will happen. Isn't it? who go outside the school Will happen. Isn't it? who go outside the school By doing this on the bike. [Laughter] By doing this on the bike. [Laughter] By doing this on the bike. [Laughter] Are you paying teachers? Why don't you hand Are you paying teachers? Why don't you hand Are you paying teachers? Why don't you hand Are you picking it up? When asking. [Laughter] [Praise] Sir, you are actually asking something. [Praise] Sir, you are actually asking something. [Praise] Sir, you are actually asking something. I was very drunk but she didn't I was very drunk but she didn't I was very drunk but she didn't Don't suppress your expression by saying it a little bit Don't suppress your expression by saying it a little bit Don't suppress your expression by saying it a little bit I tried to bet on teachers. someone I tried to bet on teachers. someone I tried to bet on teachers. someone Saw it here Saw it here Saw it here Or you have been watching it since then. Or you have been watching it since then. Or you have been watching it since then. Look, it is either of these two. Correct Look, it is either of these two. Correct Look, it is either of these two. Correct Is. Let's take a risk and see Is. Let's take a risk and see Is. Let's take a risk and see Because the last one was done right, so it doesn't matter. Because the last one was done right, so it doesn't matter. Because the last one was done right, so it doesn't matter. No. No. No. Let's lock D and Abe for 20,000 right? Yes Let's lock D and Abe for 20,000 right? Yes Let's lock D and Abe for 20,000 right? Yes Let's Lock a Teacher's Pet Let's Lock a Teacher's Pet Let's Lock a Teacher's Pet If something goes wrong, you won't be sad either. If something goes wrong, you won't be sad either. If something goes wrong, you won't be sad either. Ok Ok Ok If 2000 are gone, you will not be sad, then one If 2000 are gone, you will not be sad, then one If 2000 are gone, you will not be sad, then one Tell me the expression and I'll make it [laughs] So that means we also have a cough, okay, that's it. So that means we also have a cough, okay, that's it. So that means we also have a cough, okay, that's it. I have to do it as it comes [laughs]. I have to do it as it comes [laughs]. I have to do it as it comes [laughs]. what is it what is it what is the answer you what is it what is it what is the answer you what is it what is it what is the answer you what are you If we had done it right, it would If we had done it right, it would If we had done it right, it would Wouldn't you just go away Wouldn't you just go away Wouldn't you just go away Yes Yes Yes [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ]. There's a sequel to Bacup [laughs]. Okay all right. No problem. Won ₹2,000 Okay all right. No problem. Won ₹2,000 Okay all right. No problem. Won ₹2,000 Is. You want to lock ₹20,000? Is. You want to lock ₹20,000? Is. You want to lock ₹20,000? No. No. No. ₹2,000 is a lot. ₹2,000 is a lot. ₹2,000 is a lot. No. [Laughter] No. [Laughter] No. [Laughter] Put. Put. Put. No. No. No. Were you offended when you called you a teacher? Were you offended when you called you a teacher? Were you offended when you called you a teacher? stomach? stomach? stomach? No, I kind of was. [Laughter] No, I kind of was. [Laughter] No, I kind of was. [Laughter] So we were right? So we were right? So we were right? Kind of the. But you were more nerdy. Kind of the. But you were more nerdy. Kind of the. But you were more nerdy. Do you want to say this? Ok. Something Do you want to say this? Ok. Something Do you want to say this? Ok. Something No. Ok. She has won ₹20,000. Every question No. Ok. She has won ₹20,000. Every question No. Ok. She has won ₹20,000. Every question After this, you will tell me one fact about yourself. After this, you will tell me one fact about yourself. After this, you will tell me one fact about yourself. In. Ok. Fact I am friends. My In. Ok. Fact I am friends. My In. Ok. Fact I am friends. My X borrowed money from me before I found it X borrowed money from me before I found it X borrowed money from me before I found it Out he cheated on me. Out he cheated on me. Out he cheated on me. How many rupees How many rupees How many rupees not telling? not telling? not telling? You can't even tell the money. Brother, did you understand? You can't even tell the money. Brother, did you understand? You can't even tell the money. Brother, did you understand? Correct. Correct. Correct. Brother, I have lost a huge amount. Brother, I have lost a huge amount. Brother, I have lost a huge amount. Actually, it's one of your old questions. Actually, it's one of your old questions. Actually, it's one of your old questions. The answer is also being that they are their parents The answer is also being that they are their parents The answer is also being that they are their parents I am a little scared of it because this one and I am a little scared of it because this one and I am a little scared of it because this one and Due to fear of whom she might not want to tell. Due to fear of whom she might not want to tell. Due to fear of whom she might not want to tell. Look, protect your ex's respect and do something. Look, protect your ex's respect and do something. Look, protect your ex's respect and do something. It is not there. The family does not know It is not there. The family does not know It is not there. The family does not know Needed Needed Needed Correct. [sound of clearing throat] Correct. [sound of clearing throat] Correct. [sound of clearing throat] Correct. Correct. Correct. Write it, you can write it like this. Write it, you can write it like this. Write it, you can write it like this. Or write this down too. Or write this down too. Or write this down too. There must be something in it. There must be something in it. There must be something in it. or or or or or or Ok. Ok. Next question. ₹4000 Ok. Ok. Next question. ₹4000 Ok. Ok. Next question. ₹4000 For. For. For. I wrote this sentence. I wrote this sentence. I wrote this sentence. X was a pony but this one was also a failure. House Poet. What did he do with the money? What did he do with the money? What did he do with the money? Open a biryani shop. [Laughter] Open a biryani shop. [Laughter] Open a biryani shop. [Laughter] Ped [throat clearing sound] of hiss Ped [throat clearing sound] of hiss Ped [throat clearing sound] of hiss Credit card use. Credit card use. Credit card use. Boat a car. Boat a car. Boat a car. What? What? What? Went on a boys trip. Went on a boys trip. Went on a boys trip. Yes. Paid me back in installments. Yes. Paid me back in installments. Yes. Paid me back in installments. Vent on Boy Strip. Vent on Boy Strip. Vent on Boy Strip. Brother, look what he does with the money. Brother, look what he does with the money. Brother, look what he does with the money. Answer paid me back can't it be? Answer paid me back can't it be? Answer paid me back can't it be? It cannot happen at all. It cannot happen at all. It cannot happen at all. What this means is that our team What this means is that our team What this means is that our team It is not there at all. It is not there at all. It is not there at all. Can it be fixed? He asked what did you do? Can it be fixed? He asked what did you do? Can it be fixed? He asked what did you do? Our team doesn't know anything else. Our team doesn't know anything else. Our team doesn't know anything else. Brother, I have a theory. Brother, I have a theory. Brother, I have a theory. Yes. Yes. Yes. Please. Please. Please. His ex took money from him. His ex took money from him. His ex took money from him. Went on a boys trip and realized there that Went on a boys trip and realized there that Went on a boys trip and realized there that He has gone. He has gone. He has gone. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh on that trip on that trip on that trip Yes Yes Yes So, their money was recovered, right? So, their money was recovered, right? So, their money was recovered, right? Brother, a lot of money was spent on the boat and car. Brother, a lot of money was spent on the boat and car. Brother, a lot of money was spent on the boat and car. will be will be will be That's why no one is telling me the money, that's why it's big That's why no one is telling me the money, that's why it's big That's why no one is telling me the money, that's why it's big There will be money but tell me one thing if someone There will be money but tell me one thing if someone There will be money but tell me one thing if someone If he asks, he will ask in such a way that you give it to him or If he asks, he will ask in such a way that you give it to him or If he asks, he will ask in such a way that you give it to him or Will you say something about me getting the credit? Will you say something about me getting the credit? Will you say something about me getting the credit? Deuces of cards to be paid Deuces of cards to be paid Deuces of cards to be paid Yes, look, credit card dues are 100% Yes, look, credit card dues are 100% Yes, look, credit card dues are 100% It is possible because the answer is very easy but It is possible because the answer is very easy but It is possible because the answer is very easy but I think the team must have made it I think the team must have made it I think the team must have made it Went on a Boys Trip can also happen and Went on a Boys Trip can also happen and Went on a Boys Trip can also happen and Boat A Car I am in these only C and B Boat A Car I am in these only C and B Boat A Car I am in these only C and B In In In See Paying Off Credit Card Use Is Like See Paying Off Credit Card Use Is Like See Paying Off Credit Card Use Is Like It's a good thing you can do for your ex. It's a good thing you can do for your ex. It's a good thing you can do for your ex. Yes, yes Yes, yes Yes, yes Like, it's okay, friend, you Like, it's okay, friend, you Like, it's okay, friend, you He must not have gossiped about her. He must not have gossiped about her. He must not have gossiped about her. This. Yes This. Yes This. Yes It's either a carrent boy It's either a carrent boy It's either a carrent boy Brother, it was a big amount. Brother, it was a big amount. Brother, it was a big amount. Yes Boat a Car Yes Boat a Car Yes Boat a Car Butt Eye Butt Eye Butt Eye He has taken some money, not because he He has taken some money, not because he He has taken some money, not because he I got him a car because he is a DJ. I got him a car because he is a DJ. I got him a car because he is a DJ. No money on this No money on this No money on this Correct correct, will it hurt you much? Correct correct, will it hurt you much? Correct correct, will it hurt you much? Bye Bye Bye To me, if any innerwear is for dorms To me, if any innerwear is for dorms To me, if any innerwear is for dorms Apart from Apart from Apart from If it pricks, that ball pricks, this is very If it pricks, that ball pricks, this is very If it pricks, that ball pricks, this is very soft soft soft I think it's I think it's best because I think it's I think it's best because I think it's I think it's best because Boyster would irritate you more he just had fun Boyster would irritate you more he just had fun Boyster would irritate you more he just had fun How did they reach Indonesia now? How did they reach Indonesia now? How did they reach Indonesia now? This was on that trip. [cheering] These are his sides. [cheering] These are his sides. [cheering] These are his sides. we had a great we had a great time with we had a great we had a great time with we had a great we had a great time with Your money [laughs]. Your money [laughs]. Your money [laughs]. And with your boyfriend And with your boyfriend And with your boyfriend Logic is coming Logic is coming Logic is coming Would be weird of if someone goes on a boy's Would be weird of if someone goes on a boy's Would be weird of if someone goes on a boy's Trip after taking my money car Trip after taking my money car Trip after taking my money car You wouldn't be that paid with the car now You wouldn't be that paid with the car now You wouldn't be that paid with the car now Boy Strip Lust Boy Strip Lust Boy Strip Lust Boys Trip Is Boys Trip Is Boys Trip Is What What What Boy strip is havers Boy strip is havers Boy strip is havers So you boy strip with your friends So you boy strip with your friends So you boy strip with your friends What are you doing brother, I am just playing tricks. What are you doing brother, I am just playing tricks. What are you doing brother, I am just playing tricks. Are. What did you want? Is this a boys trip? What did you want? Is this a boys trip? What did you want? Is this a boys trip? House? House? House? I'm also more into boys trips. I'm also more into boys trips. I'm also more into boys trips. I am inclined. I am inclined. I am inclined. Let's go then [laughter] Let's go then [laughter] Let's go then [laughter] I think let's go? I think let's go? I think let's go? I am also on a boys trip. I am also on a boys trip. I am also on a boys trip. Come on brother. Come on brother. Come on brother. Let's go boys. Let's go boys. Let's go boys. Let's book it. Let's book it. Let's book it. What is the meaning of hitting the ball? What is the meaning of hitting the ball? What is the meaning of hitting the ball? Wandering. Like this is how one has to drive. Wandering. Like this is how one has to drive. Wandering. Like this is how one has to drive. Holding hands like this in the gaadi Holding hands like this in the gaadi Holding hands like this in the gaadi Yes. Yes. Yes. Ok. He comes on a voice trip. This way Ok. He comes on a voice trip. This way Ok. He comes on a voice trip. This way Will keep doing this until they lock the correct answer Will keep doing this until they lock the correct answer Will keep doing this until they lock the correct answer May it not come. May it not come. May it not come. Oye, okay. Lock it brother. What are you doing? Oye, okay. Lock it brother. What are you doing? Oye, okay. Lock it brother. What are you doing? yes? Why are you doing this? [Laughter] yes? Why are you doing this? [Laughter] yes? Why are you doing this? [Laughter] You have taken your own money. You have taken your own money. You have taken your own money. Oh no oh no because she is doing it. Oh no oh no because she is doing it. Oh no oh no because she is doing it. I think she is celebrating she I think she is celebrating she I think she is celebrating she Celebrating and it's not bot's. Celebrating and it's not bot's. Celebrating and it's not bot's. Oh [ __ ]. Oh [ __ ]. Oh [ __ ]. What are we celebrating wrongly? What are we celebrating wrongly? What are we celebrating wrongly? Answer? Answer? Answer? Because while we were doing this, he also did that Because while we were doing this, he also did that Because while we were doing this, he also did that Did. Which means she is celebrating it. Did. Which means she is celebrating it. Did. Which means she is celebrating it. It's good that we are the wrong lovers It's good that we are the wrong lovers It's good that we are the wrong lovers I haven't even explained this show that much, friend. I haven't even explained this show that much, friend. I haven't even explained this show that much, friend. Well, this happiness can't be anything, basically. Well, this happiness can't be anything, basically. Well, this happiness can't be anything, basically. No No No reverse [laughs] it let's reverse [laughs] it let's reverse [laughs] it let's She can't be happy boat a car let's just go with it man okay boat a car let's just go with it man okay boat a car let's just go with it man okay You give him 4000 rupees, right? [laughs] You give him 4000 rupees, right? [laughs] You give him 4000 rupees, right? [laughs] Okay, he's taking the lead for the first time, bot. Okay, he's taking the lead for the first time, bot. Okay, he's taking the lead for the first time, bot. Then you would have done it on a car Then you would have done it on a car Then you would have done it on a car Yeah, I'm taking OAKS, man [laughs]. Baby's ox baby don't you remember that these Baby's ox baby don't you remember that these Baby's ox baby don't you remember that these How does the oak tree give How does the oak tree give How does the oak tree give You're saying this [laughs]. You are saying this You're saying this [laughs]. You are saying this You're saying this [laughs]. You are saying this yes. Yes, okay. So let's go boys trip yes. Yes, okay. So let's go boys trip yes. Yes, okay. So let's go boys trip I am getting stuck only on the amount. I am getting stuck only on the amount. I am getting stuck only on the amount. Bot a car requires a lot of money, man. Bot a car requires a lot of money, man. Bot a car requires a lot of money, man. Boys go on trips, but Raunak said that Boys go on trips, but Raunak said that Boys go on trips, but Raunak said that I am taking charge. bot a car do I am taking charge. bot a car do I am taking charge. bot a car do Are. Are. Are. Boys trip, man. [Laughter] Boys trip, man. [Laughter] Brother, tell me. Ok. Ok. For now Brother, tell me. Ok. Ok. For now Brother, tell me. Ok. Ok. For now Let's take a boy trip. Let's take a boy trip. Let's take a boy trip. Yes for now. At present Yes for now. At present Yes for now. At present What is it right now? Then this will remain. come back What is it right now? Then this will remain. come back What is it right now? Then this will remain. come back Go. Go. Go. Let's Lock Sea Boys Tray Let's Lock Sea Boys Tray Let's Lock Sea Boys Tray She is laughing a little as if she is laughing at me. She is laughing a little as if she is laughing at me. She is laughing a little as if she is laughing at me. Has been. Has been. Has been. No, I just keep laughing. No, I just keep laughing. No, I just keep laughing. Isn't it? Because there is no work [laughs]. I keep having fun. I keep having fun. I keep having fun. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. It is locked I'm sorry, I'm sorry. It is locked I'm sorry, I'm sorry. It is locked No? No? No? Hey brother, it's okay. Sorry. Hey brother, it's okay. Sorry. Hey brother, it's okay. Sorry. Brother, throw your brick and hit the next person. Brother, throw your brick and hit the next person. Brother, throw your brick and hit the next person. Day. Okay, let's go okay. Let's Reveal the Answer Day. Okay, let's go okay. Let's Reveal the Answer Day. Okay, let's go okay. Let's Reveal the Answer Please. Because four have won. Please forgive me Please forgive me Please forgive me Raunak I am so sorry. you hit my dick Raunak I am so sorry. you hit my dick Raunak I am so sorry. you hit my dick You can do this brother. I am so You can do this brother. I am so You can do this brother. I am so Sorry. Did you pay the full amount for the car? Sorry. Did you pay the full amount for the car? Sorry. Did you pay the full amount for the car? No. No. No. No. No. No. Okay car, yes how much money did you pay? Okay car, yes how much money did you pay? Okay car, yes how much money did you pay? Not completely. Not completely. Not completely. 50% 50% 50% A few lakhs. A few lakhs. A few lakhs. A few lakhs? Friend, I have become such a prisoner. A few lakhs? Friend, I have become such a prisoner. A few lakhs? Friend, I have become such a prisoner. I need it friend. I need it friend. I need it friend. We all need it. Right, such a thing is not lakh? We all need it. Right, such a thing is not lakh? We all need it. Right, such a thing is not lakh? 50% 20% 50% 20% 50% 20% Episode 1 Point Baad Tera Bachcha Bada Episode 1 Point Baad Tera Bachcha Bada Episode 1 Point Baad Tera Bachcha Bada I will see what happens. [Laughter] I will see what happens. [Laughter] I will see what happens. [Laughter] When I was born, my father was saying this When I was born, my father was saying this When I was born, my father was saying this If we also get prisoners. If we also get prisoners. If we also get prisoners. Well, tell me, is it above 50% or 50%? Well, tell me, is it above 50% or 50%? Well, tell me, is it above 50% or 50%? This is not even mentioned below. This is not even mentioned below. This is not even mentioned below. Down to the low 50s. Down to the low 50s. Down to the low 50s. And it's good whether we get that money back or not. And it's good whether we get that money back or not. And it's good whether we get that money back or not. meet? meet? meet? No. No. No. What? [Laughter] What? [Laughter] What? [Laughter] Well, whose money was that? Well, whose money was that? Well, whose money was that? Whose money was that? Whose money was that? Whose money was that? Hey, I mean he took it after saying something else. Bus Hey, I mean he took it after saying something else. Bus Hey, I mean he took it after saying something else. Bus Then Then Then Ok. You have won ₹4,000. lock you up Ok. You have won ₹4,000. lock you up Ok. You have won ₹4,000. lock you up Is. Is. Is. No. No. No. What is this? Friend, it's okay, no problem. What is this? Friend, it's okay, no problem. What is this? Friend, it's okay, no problem. There is no worry about money. There is no worry about money. There is no worry about money. There is no worry about money. This There is no worry about money. This There is no worry about money. This It's a game, I will play it. It's a game, I will play it. It's a game, I will play it. It's a game, I'll play it. It's a game, I'll play it. It's a game, I'll play it. That's what our boyfriend said. That's what our boyfriend said. That's what our boyfriend said. True based on two [laughs] stories. True based on two [laughs] stories. True based on two [laughs] stories. Okay next fact please. Okay next fact please. Okay next fact please. Every Time I Go Through a Major Heart Every Time I Go Through a Major Heart Every Time I Go Through a Major Heart Break. I changed my hair color. Break. I changed my hair color. Break. I changed my hair color. Absolutely not because I Absolutely not because I Absolutely not because I Asked. We Asked. We Asked. We I told him sir, the fact is true. I told him sir, the fact is true. I told him sir, the fact is true. There is an attack There is an attack There is an attack So So So I said this I said this I said this Brother, you will understand this completely at the end of the show. Brother, you will understand this completely at the end of the show. Brother, you will understand this completely at the end of the show. I will say from Mumbai, brother, now I want a clip. I will say from Mumbai, brother, now I want a clip. I will say from Mumbai, brother, now I want a clip. I'll do a clip next time. I'll do a clip next time. I'll do a clip next time. We lost because, well, well, well [laughs]. We lost because, well, well, well [laughs]. We lost because, well, well, well [laughs]. ok cool plus it says every time ok cool plus it says every time ok cool plus it says every time I mean, it happened a lot of times I mean, it happened a lot of times I mean, it happened a lot of times which is the best color which is the best color which is the best color I think I've done red a lot I think I've done red a lot I think I've done red a lot Red a lot and you didn't even finish it completely. Red a lot and you didn't even finish it completely. Red a lot and you didn't even finish it completely. So this was only half the color I had, what is the So this was only half the color I had, what is the So this was only half the color I had, what is the What are the colors you used? What are the colors you used? What are the colors you used? Purple, Blue, Green. Purple, Blue, Green. Purple, Blue, Green. Green? You need a lot of confidence, friend Green. Green? You need a lot of confidence, friend Green. Green? You need a lot of confidence, friend Green. By taking hair. By taking hair. By taking hair. Someone will say that Dhaniya has arrived. Someone will say that Dhaniya has arrived. Someone will say that Dhaniya has arrived. It takes a lot of confidence brother. It takes a lot of confidence brother. It takes a lot of confidence brother. That AI coriander. I am coriander. That AI coriander. I am coriander. That AI coriander. I am coriander. Ok. Next question. Ok. Next question. Ok. Next question. You want to play quickly, right? You want to play quickly, right? You want to play quickly, right? Yes. Yes. Yes. Play fast, friend. Play fast, friend. Play fast, friend. Ok. Let's play quickly. Eth Ok. Let's play quickly. Eth Ok. Let's play quickly. Eth Give me your hand. Aye [laughs] Give me your hand. Aye [laughs] Give me your hand. Aye [laughs] Brother, if you have a breakup, what value will you give? Brother, if you have a breakup, what value will you give? Brother, if you have a breakup, what value will you give? Will you apply it? Will you apply it? Will you apply it? Oh man, that means [laughs]. Oh man, that means [laughs]. Oh man, that means [laughs]. In your beard. In your beard. In your beard. Next question. Next question. Next question. Which habit of mine will drive my roommate crazy? Which habit of mine will drive my roommate crazy? Which habit of mine will drive my roommate crazy? Dhaniya came again. [Laughter] Dhaniya came again. [Laughter] Dhaniya came again. [Laughter] Playing the same song on repeat. Playing the same song on repeat. Playing the same song on repeat. Keep the AC on all here. Keep the AC on all here. Keep the AC on all here. Loud video call conversation. Loud video call conversation. Loud video call conversation. Not keeping my room tidy. Ok. Not keeping my room tidy. Ok. Not keeping my room tidy. Ok. Brother, A and C are also very correct answers. Brother, A and C are also very correct answers. Brother, A and C are also very correct answers. And we can also be deceived in a big way. And we can also be deceived in a big way. And we can also be deceived in a big way. Can. So tell me what I think. Can. So tell me what I think. Can. So tell me what I think. It could be A or it could be B. It could be A or it could be B. It could be A or it could be B. Keeping the AC on all year because anyway Keeping the AC on all year because anyway Keeping the AC on all year because anyway She must be burning with anger that whoever comes She must be burning with anger that whoever comes She must be burning with anger that whoever comes He cheats. Do AC at 18. something like He cheats. Do AC at 18. something like He cheats. Do AC at 18. something like Maybe you do. Maybe you do. Maybe you do. And this color of hair it stage better when And this color of hair it stage better when And this color of hair it stage better when It's a cool room. It's a cool room. It's a cool room. Oye no no. Hair is black Oye no no. Hair is black Oye no no. Hair is black I'm saying anything, man. I'm saying anything, man. I'm saying anything, man. Yes. Black absorbs the most heat. Yes. Black absorbs the most heat. Yes. Black absorbs the most heat. He does, right? So it stays cold He does, right? So it stays cold He does, right? So it stays cold Absolutely. 10 Absolutely. 10 Absolutely. 10 Its colours keep changing. like now Its colours keep changing. like now Its colours keep changing. like now It has halved it so it is at 22. It has halved it so it is at 22. It has halved it so it is at 22. As soon as it is completed, it goes away. [Laughter] As soon as it is completed, it goes away. [Laughter] As soon as it is completed, it goes away. [Laughter] And as soon as he becomes black, he is 35. And as soon as he becomes black, he is 35. And as soon as he becomes black, he is 35. A or D? A or D? A or D? A or B? A or B? A or B? A or D? A or D? A or D? Yes, I also have a thing for D. Yes, I also have a thing for D. Yes, I also have a thing for D. Inclination? Because Inclination? Because Inclination? Because That is yours That is yours That is yours You told me the boy strip was full of air You told me the boy strip was full of air You told me the boy strip was full of air Is. Inclination towards D Is. Inclination towards D Is. Inclination towards D When we went to the boystrip and locked the D in that When we went to the boystrip and locked the D in that When we went to the boystrip and locked the D in that They climb on it. [Laughter] But having said that? But having said that? But having said that? Yes Yes Yes Life Line Life Line Life Line There is also a lifeline. Okay, thank you brother. There is also a lifeline. Okay, thank you brother. There is also a lifeline. Okay, thank you brother. [laughter] We even have a lifeline. [laughter] We even have a lifeline. [laughter] We even have a lifeline. Do we have a lifeline? Do we have a lifeline? Do we have a lifeline? Very good brother, you have given very good clarity of Very good brother, you have given very good clarity of Very good brother, you have given very good clarity of There is mind. Applause for the brother. There is mind. Applause for the brother. There is mind. Applause for the brother. [applause] [cheering voice] [applause] [cheering voice] [applause] [cheering voice] I give you one from Damage I give you one from Damage I give you one from Damage Reward. Redeem it at dimensions.com Reward. Redeem it at dimensions.com Reward. Redeem it at dimensions.com You take it. Brother, we have a lifeline too. You take it. Brother, we have a lifeline too. You take it. Brother, we have a lifeline too. Is. Is. Is. No no, are you mad? 25 75 No no, are you mad? 25 75 No no, are you mad? 25 75 Totally different. Totally different. Totally different. So let's see, we know that all of us So let's see, we know that all of us So let's see, we know that all of us It seems so. So remove one. It seems so. So remove one. It seems so. So remove one. Ok. Let's use it. Ok. Let's use it. Ok. Let's use it. Well I thought one would remain. Well I thought one would remain. Well I thought one would remain. Brother, whose side have you come from? understand me Brother, whose side have you come from? understand me Brother, whose side have you come from? understand me Did not come. From the side of science. [Laughter] Did not come. From the side of science. [Laughter] Did not come. From the side of science. [Laughter] Let's use lifeline 2575 see what 75 Let's use lifeline 2575 see what 75 Let's use lifeline 2575 see what 75 activated activated activated I will remove this, see this loud sisterfucker I will remove this, see this loud sisterfucker I will remove this, see this loud sisterfucker Video call conversation which we are sure that Video call conversation which we are sure that Video call conversation which we are sure that No, brother, you were very rude [laughs], friend. No, brother, you were very rude [laughs], friend. No, brother, you were very rude [laughs], friend. These we These we These we You gave them a suggestion, right? You gave them a suggestion, right? You gave them a suggestion, right? oh [ __ ] man oh [ __ ] man oh [ __ ] man Brother Brother Brother But we are already stuck on playing on the same But we are already stuck on playing on the same But we are already stuck on playing on the same Song or not keeping it depends on the Song or not keeping it depends on the Song or not keeping it depends on the Song If You Are Playing Sukhbir On Repeat Song If You Are Playing Sukhbir On Repeat Song If You Are Playing Sukhbir On Repeat ok play it but not keeping my room time ok play it but not keeping my room time ok play it but not keeping my room time Rotary AM is playing songs that are good Rotary AM is playing songs that are good Rotary AM is playing songs that are good Morning Good Morning Good Morning Morning Good Morning Good Morning Morning Good Morning Good Morning So it can be a little irritating. So it can be a little irritating. So it can be a little irritating. Brother, this is much better biryani than Swiggy Brother, this is much better biryani than Swiggy Brother, this is much better biryani than Swiggy made and so on made and so on made and so on Second did you think Rodeo AM has good Second did you think Rodeo AM has good Second did you think Rodeo AM has good Morning Songs Because They What Am Morning Songs Because They What Am Morning Songs Because They What Am and what good morning good night and what good morning good night and what good morning good night Riggo PM Hus Good Night Good Night Good Riggo PM Hus Good Night Good Night Good Riggo PM Hus Good Night Good Night Good Night or good I'm not keeping my room Night or good I'm not keeping my room Night or good I'm not keeping my room tidy take me what is i office tidy take me what is i office tidy take me what is i office I will go to Bombay I will go to Bombay I will go to Bombay Now Didi, I am also feeling like it, okay let's Now Didi, I am also feeling like it, okay let's Now Didi, I am also feeling like it, okay let's Locked and not keeping my room tight This guy laughed last time when we This guy laughed last time when we This guy laughed last time when we My ass was torn apart [laughs] My ass was torn apart [laughs] My ass was torn apart [laughs] Same thing that's been happening for the last half an hour. So you know, that's what they do [laughs]. So you know, that's what they do [laughs]. So you know, that's what they do [laughs]. Dude, that Amitabh Bachchan Dude, that Amitabh Bachchan Dude, that Amitabh Bachchan I said I was playing the same song on I said I was playing the same song on I said I was playing the same song on repeat repeat repeat I don't know that yet either I don't know that yet either I don't know that yet either that's true that's true that's true What is the answer? If this happens then you will give me some relief. What is the answer? If this happens then you will give me some relief. What is the answer? If this happens then you will give me some relief. I said I said keeping the AC I said I said keeping the AC I said I said keeping the AC On. On. On. Brother, you read all four options. Because of this Brother, you read all four options. Because of this Brother, you read all four options. Because of this All those things that come out of your mouth. All those things that come out of your mouth. All those things that come out of your mouth. You [laughs] put on the edit what I did before You [laughs] put on the edit what I did before You [laughs] put on the edit what I did before I had said. I had said. I had said. Ok. You have won ₹8,000. Congratulations to you. Ok. You have won ₹8,000. Congratulations to you. Ok. You have won ₹8,000. Congratulations to you. It was not even close at all. It was not even close at all. It was not even close at all. If I don't lock it. If I don't lock it. If I don't lock it. Won't you apply it? Won't you apply it? Won't you apply it? Won't you apply it? Why are you taking the risk? Won't you apply it? Why are you taking the risk? Won't you apply it? Why are you taking the risk? Just like that. Just like that. Just like that. Or go for it. Go for it. to be like this Or go for it. Go for it. to be like this Or go for it. Go for it. to be like this Needed Needed Needed Just see, she will go laughing. Just see, she will go laughing. Just see, she will go laughing. Ok. Ok. Next fact please. Ok. Ok. Next fact please. Ok. Ok. Next fact please. If I Had to Describe My Music. I If I Had to Describe My Music. I If I Had to Describe My Music. I Call it uplifting music for sad people. Call it uplifting music for sad people. Call it uplifting music for sad people. I as opposed to down lifting music I as opposed to down lifting music I as opposed to down lifting music For happy people. [Laughter] For happy people. [Laughter] For happy people. [Laughter] good Morning Good Morning. good Morning Good Morning. good Morning Good Morning. Can you give an example of a song? Can you give an example of a song? Can you give an example of a song? 900 Miles Karke is a song by house music. 900 Miles Karke is a song by house music. 900 Miles Karke is a song by house music. How much will this cost in kilometers? [Laughter] How much will this cost in kilometers? [Laughter] How much will this cost in kilometers? [Laughter] [Applause] Don't be sad, man. Yes. So, [Applause] Don't be sad, man. Yes. So, [Applause] Don't be sad, man. Yes. So, What do you do with it? That's what the song in it What do you do with it? That's what the song in it What do you do with it? That's what the song in it that I am 900 away from 900 miles away that I am 900 away from 900 miles away that I am 900 away from 900 miles away From my home but it's like a very From my home but it's like a very From my home but it's like a very Uplifting song like You Should Play It. Uplifting song like You Should Play It. Uplifting song like You Should Play It. Okay all right. Next question. Okay all right. Next question. Okay all right. Next question. What feels like a tax of my life? What feels like a tax of my life? What feels like a tax of my life? Your music? Your music? Your music? Having introverted friends? Having introverted friends? Having introverted friends? No, no, he himself is an introvert. No, no, he himself is an introvert. No, no, he himself is an introvert. Being in the Wrong Place at the Wrong Time? Being in the Wrong Place at the Wrong Time? Being in the Wrong Place at the Wrong Time? Like the show. Like the show. Like the show. Not Having Generational Wealth? Not Having Generational Wealth? Not Having Generational Wealth? Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Whenever I book a cab, Wagon R arrives. Whenever I book a cab, Wagon R arrives. Whenever I book a cab, Wagon R arrives. Is. Is. Is. Brother, whenever I book a car, Wagon R comes. Brother, whenever I book a car, Wagon R comes. Brother, whenever I book a car, Wagon R comes. She goes. It's my team's way of bringing humor. She goes. It's my team's way of bringing humor. She goes. It's my team's way of bringing humor. It is a try. It is a try. It is a try. And she doesn't look like much either. And she doesn't look like much either. And she doesn't look like much either. That brand conscious that why this Wagon R That brand conscious that why this Wagon R That brand conscious that why this Wagon R Has been. I got some premium Ubergo Has been. I got some premium Ubergo Has been. I got some premium Ubergo Get a deal of Rs. It doesn't look like that. Get a deal of Rs. It doesn't look like that. Get a deal of Rs. It doesn't look like that. Being in the Wrong Place at the Wrong Time. Being in the Wrong Place at the Wrong Time. Being in the Wrong Place at the Wrong Time. 100% 100% 100% Because this is sad. by cheating Because this is sad. by cheating Because this is sad. by cheating This is my personal belief. As much as we thought This is my personal belief. As much as we thought This is my personal belief. As much as we thought Yes, we have defecated. Or let's just be straight. Yes, we have defecated. Or let's just be straight. Yes, we have defecated. Or let's just be straight. Or is it straight B? Are? Locket, locket, locket, Or is it straight B? Are? Locket, locket, locket, Or is it straight B? Are? Locket, locket, locket, Locket, locket, locket, not open to discussion. Locket, locket, locket, not open to discussion. Locket, locket, locket, not open to discussion. Lock it, B. Lock it, B. Lock it, B. Let's Locke Up Being in the Wrong Place. Let's Locke Up Being in the Wrong Place. Let's Locke Up Being in the Wrong Place. Don't we all relate with this at this moment Don't we all relate with this at this moment Don't we all relate with this at this moment In time. In time. In time. In Hindi. In Hindi. In Hindi. What do you like? What do you like? What do you like? Ok. Just do it. Just reveal it. Ok. Just do it. Just reveal it. Ok. Just do it. Just reveal it. This time she is not laughing. This time she is not laughing. This time she is not laughing. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. I am sad. There is sadness in his eyes. I am sad. There is sadness in his eyes. I am sad. There is sadness in his eyes. Oh ho, fake laughter. Oh ho, fake laughter. Oh ho, fake laughter. So book its Wagon R. So book its Wagon R. So book its Wagon R. I feel it's time to go. Lock I feel it's time to go. Lock I feel it's time to go. Lock So he did not do it. So he did not do it. So he did not do it. Reveal it. Reveal it. Reveal it. she go she go she go She will be seen going. She will be seen going. She will be seen going. Now she will be seen leaving with perfectly shaped hair. Now she will be seen leaving with perfectly shaped hair. Now she will be seen leaving with perfectly shaped hair. with. with. with. Etc. etc. Not your beats [laughs]. Etc. etc. Not your beats [laughs]. Etc. etc. Not your beats [laughs]. Let's see brother. What are uplifting beats? Let's see brother. What are uplifting beats? Let's see brother. What are uplifting beats? These? For sad people. Dupchik dish. tell me These? For sad people. Dupchik dish. tell me These? For sad people. Dupchik dish. tell me Brother. [music] Fired. When will it happen? Oho [applause][music] wrong place wrong time wrong place wrong time wrong place wrong time But do you know what the real thing is? For yourself But do you know what the real thing is? For yourself But do you know what the real thing is? For yourself One can listen to uplifting music. One can listen to uplifting music. One can listen to uplifting music. [laughter] 900 Miles From Here. O dear [laughter] 900 Miles From Here. O dear [laughter] 900 Miles From Here. O dear Applause once for four. thank you so Applause once for four. thank you so Applause once for four. thank you so Mach. True [praise] A great player, man. Mach. True [praise] A great player, man. Mach. True [praise] A great player, man. It's a great player. tell something. It's a great player. tell something. It's a great player. tell something. Thank you. Listen, let people know where they can Thank you. Listen, let people know where they can Thank you. Listen, let people know where they can Follow You and Find Your Music. Follow You and Find Your Music. Follow You and Find Your Music. Sinkora Sinkora Sinkora It's Sing Kora Music on Instagram on It's Sing Kora Music on Instagram on It's Sing Kora Music on Instagram on Spotify Everywhere. Spotify Everywhere. Spotify Everywhere. Once for him [praise] well he Once for him [praise] well he Once for him [praise] well he By the way, if it had locked it then its By the way, if it had locked it then its By the way, if it had locked it then its You would have the option to play all on nothing. But You would have the option to play all on nothing. But You would have the option to play all on nothing. But It has gone to zero. So then these It has gone to zero. So then these It has gone to zero. So then these Will have to go. Will have to go. Will have to go. Oh, one more round of applause. Thank you so much Oh, one more round of applause. Thank you so much Oh, one more round of applause. Thank you so much For coming. very nice. [Appreciation] For coming. very nice. [Appreciation] For coming. very nice. [Appreciation] Very good. B bye. Thank you. Ok. Ok. Do you have any comedy? Ok. Ok. Do you have any comedy? Ok. Ok. Do you have any comedy? I have heard gossip which you can verify from us now. I have heard gossip which you can verify from us now. I have heard gossip which you can verify from us now. Do you want to know if this is true or something? Do you want to know if this is true or something? Do you want to know if this is true or something? Yes, ask, ask. Ask me. Yes, ask, ask. Ask me. Yes, ask, ask. Ask me. Brother, I will tell you. Brother, I will tell you. Brother, I will tell you. Yes you are completely right about that gossip. Yes you are completely right about that gossip. Yes you are completely right about that gossip. I tell you, they are doing well, they are doing well I tell you, they are doing well, they are doing well I tell you, they are doing well, they are doing well Is. Is. Is. Yesterday one na tomorrow one na podcast I told you Yesterday one na tomorrow one na podcast I told you Yesterday one na tomorrow one na podcast I told you I had told you. There's a podcast. he saw someone I had told you. There's a podcast. he saw someone I had told you. There's a podcast. he saw someone Have you seen it? I am not laughing in that Have you seen it? I am not laughing in that Have you seen it? I am not laughing in that It is on this matter. I tell you this because It is on this matter. I tell you this because It is on this matter. I tell you this because Not by fighting. So there is no caster inside it. Not by fighting. So there is no caster inside it. Not by fighting. So there is no caster inside it. And there's a person in front who probably knows why And there's a person in front who probably knows why And there's a person in front who probably knows why It is from the community. Perhaps he claims so It is from the community. Perhaps he claims so It is from the community. Perhaps he claims so Because I saw the whole thing, I knew. Because I saw the whole thing, I knew. Because I saw the whole thing, I knew. No. So inside him he is saying that you No. So inside him he is saying that you No. So inside him he is saying that you Do you know someone famous? Do you know someone famous? Do you know someone famous? to someone you know who cheats and to someone you know who cheats and to someone you know who cheats and He said that he is a comedian. He said that he is a comedian. He said that he is a comedian. And he has millions of subscribers. And he has millions of subscribers. And he has millions of subscribers. And I know that she has And I know that she has And I know that she has Have sex together. And he also gives her this Have sex together. And he also gives her this Have sex together. And he also gives her this He says that if you do it with your wife He says that if you do it with your wife He says that if you do it with your wife I will see and so on. He is saying all this I will see and so on. He is saying all this I will see and so on. He is saying all this And everyone in the comments is Solanki. And everyone in the comments is Solanki. And everyone in the comments is Solanki. It is clear Solanki. I want to tag him. It is clear Solanki. I want to tag him. It is clear Solanki. I want to tag him. One is saying Solanki Bhai either you are mine One is saying Solanki Bhai either you are mine One is saying Solanki Bhai either you are mine You are my brother. Or you are being rude. You are my brother. Or you are being rude. You are my brother. Or you are being rude. Brother, I had to comment on that. Brother, I had to comment on that. Brother, I had to comment on that. Why are you tagging me? people me Why are you tagging me? people me Why are you tagging me? people me They are sending it because they got caught. They are sending it because they got caught. They are sending it because they got caught. So if you are not there then who is there? See if you So if you are not there then who is there? See if you So if you are not there then who is there? See if you Won't you tell these people who you are? donation Won't you tell these people who you are? donation Won't you tell these people who you are? donation Everybody Will Assume It's Him. Or [laughter] Everybody Will Assume It's Him. Or [laughter] Everybody Will Assume It's Him. Or [laughter] I don't see people doing it. I don't see people doing it. I don't see people doing it. No. No. No. I have no idea. I have no idea. I have no idea. Who what is the correct person that? Who what is the correct person that? Who what is the correct person that? Given that all three of us are married. Given that all three of us are married. Given that all three of us are married. Right? Right? Right? It could be one of the three of us. It could be one of the three of us. It could be one of the three of us. Both of us have millions of followers. Both of us have millions of followers. Both of us have millions of followers. Needed Needed Needed We don't have subscribers. We don't have subscribers. We don't have subscribers. I am the only one, then what else? [Laughter] I am the only one, then what else? [Laughter] I am the only one, then what else? [Laughter] What can we do? Now this is the last time when What can we do? Now this is the last time when What can we do? Now this is the last time when I will tell everyone ok guys. [Laughter] I will tell everyone ok guys. [Laughter] I will tell everyone ok guys. [Laughter] Okay, let's get started? Okay, let's get started? Okay, let's get started? [cheering] Okay. Let's [cheering] Okay. Let's [cheering] Okay. Let's Start the Miss Presence That If We Can Start the Miss Presence That If We Can Start the Miss Presence That If We Can Guys. Guys. Guys. Let's call our today's contestant. Let's call our today's contestant. Let's call our today's contestant. Her name is Anushka Sharma. Her name is Anushka Sharma. Her name is Anushka Sharma. from London from London from London Anushka is 22 years old. oh well for now Anushka is 22 years old. oh well for now Anushka is 22 years old. oh well for now Studying Masters in Fashion Styling Studying Masters in Fashion Styling Studying Masters in Fashion Styling Have been. Anushka is very impulsive in life Have been. Anushka is very impulsive in life Have been. Anushka is very impulsive in life Takes decisions. But the surprising thing is that Takes decisions. But the surprising thing is that Takes decisions. But the surprising thing is that It is that most of the times they survive. It is that most of the times they survive. It is that most of the times they survive. Let me tell you some facts about Anushka. Let me tell you some facts about Anushka. Let me tell you some facts about Anushka. Should I give it? Add asafoetida to the food Should I give it? Add asafoetida to the food Should I give it? Add asafoetida to the food I don't like it at all. What do I do with this I don't like it at all. What do I do with this I don't like it at all. What do I do with this What about the matter? What do you keep asking all this? What about the matter? What do you keep asking all this? What about the matter? What do you keep asking all this? He doesn't like the asafoetida seasoning [laughs] He doesn't like the asafoetida seasoning [laughs] He doesn't like the asafoetida seasoning [laughs] Just like watching cricket Just like watching cricket Just like watching cricket I don't like it at all. I don't like it at all. I don't like it at all. Defeat Anushka Defeat Anushka Defeat Anushka Who doesn't like it? All that to him. If Anushka Who doesn't like it? All that to him. If Anushka Who doesn't like it? All that to him. If Anushka If she wins ₹50,000 from the show today, then she If she wins ₹50,000 from the show today, then she If she wins ₹50,000 from the show today, then she I would like to take a course to become a chef with the money. I would like to take a course to become a chef with the money. I would like to take a course to become a chef with the money. So leave the masters course in fashion that you are doing. So leave the masters course in fashion that you are doing. So leave the masters course in fashion that you are doing. Will give. Actually, temper it without asafoetida. Will give. Actually, temper it without asafoetida. Will give. Actually, temper it without asafoetida. I have some [laughs]. I have some [laughs]. I have some [laughs]. We have to make it bigger than that. Ok. call them We have to make it bigger than that. Ok. call them We have to make it bigger than that. Ok. call them Starting Welcome Anushka Starting Welcome Anushka Starting Welcome Anushka [Encouraging voice] Sharma [Encouraging voice] Sharma [Encouraging voice] Sharma Anushka Anushka. Anushka Anushka. Anushka Anushka. Yes, I don't have any strategy today. I Yes, I don't have any strategy today. I Yes, I don't have any strategy today. I I have just arrived. If I had won, I would have won. I have just arrived. If I had won, I would have won. I have just arrived. If I had won, I would have won. If I don't win [music], it's still OK. If I don't win [music], it's still OK. If I don't win [music], it's still OK. I feel my appearance. Like that, I am very I feel my appearance. Like that, I am very I feel my appearance. Like that, I am very I look cute. But I am not you I look cute. But I am not you I look cute. But I am not you No. With the money I think I'll be going No. With the money I think I'll be going No. With the money I think I'll be going Ahead and Learning a Cutlery [Music] Course Ahead and Learning a Cutlery [Music] Course Ahead and Learning a Cutlery [Music] Course Or only the admission fee has come and it is done, do the rest. Or only the admission fee has come and it is done, do the rest. Or only the admission fee has come and it is done, do the rest. will take will take will take Anushka Anushka Anushka Anushka Anushka Anushka Anushka Anushka Anushka Anushka Anushka Anushka Chef Anushka Chef Anushka Chef Anushka Chef Anushka Chef Anushka Chef Anushka Hi, applause please for applause Hi, applause please for applause Hi, applause please for applause [applause] [cheering voice] Oh, you are tired, if you were playing cricket then Oh, you are tired, if you were playing cricket then Oh, you are tired, if you were playing cricket then doesn't get tired doesn't get tired doesn't get tired doesn't get tired doesn't get tired doesn't get tired So you don't get tired, what are you, this is in the beginning So you don't get tired, what are you, this is in the beginning So you don't get tired, what are you, this is in the beginning arrogantly arrogantly arrogantly What the hell does this thing belong to? What the hell does this thing belong to? What the hell does this thing belong to? Oh no, those Anushka Sharma jokes Oh no, those Anushka Sharma jokes Oh no, those Anushka Sharma jokes That's why you keep listening very frequently That's why you keep listening very frequently That's why you keep listening very frequently I got irritated. I got irritated. I got irritated. I judged the first one correctly. I judged the first one correctly. I judged the first one correctly. OK [laughs] OK [laughs] OK [laughs] slit ass slit ass slit ass He says anything. Ok. Anushka today He says anything. Ok. Anushka today He says anything. Ok. Anushka today The most materialistic purchase till date The most materialistic purchase till date The most materialistic purchase till date What have you done? What have you done? What have you done? me too on clothes me too on clothes me too on clothes What is the most expensive? What is the most expensive? What is the most expensive? What was the most expensive thing you bought? What was the most expensive thing you bought? What was the most expensive thing you bought? Meaning I did more shopping once Meaning I did more shopping once Meaning I did more shopping once A little. A little. A little. How many had it been? How many had it been? How many had it been? I will not tell this. I will not tell this. I will not tell this. Meaning whether you are arrogant or not. The question is next Meaning whether you are arrogant or not. The question is next Meaning whether you are arrogant or not. The question is next Go. You feel guilty. Go. You feel guilty. Go. You feel guilty. Maybe that could be the question. Ok, good. Correct Maybe that could be the question. Ok, good. Correct Maybe that could be the question. Ok, good. Correct Is. He had bought some clothes, so you Is. He had bought some clothes, so you Is. He had bought some clothes, so you these questions these questions these questions Right. Right. Right. I asked. I asked. I asked. He had asked this. He had asked this. He had asked this. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. You asked this question [laughter]. You asked this question [laughter]. You asked this question [laughter]. Ok. Ok. Ok. I get up status of yes. Let's go. I get up status of yes. Let's go. I get up status of yes. Let's go. English or English. English or English. English or English. I have come from outside. I have come from outside. I have come from outside. Ask questions. Ask questions. Ask questions. Anushka Sharma: What was the best year of your life? Anushka Sharma: What was the best year of your life? Anushka Sharma: What was the best year of your life? Life? And what did you do that year? Life? And what did you do that year? Life? And what did you do that year? Its total has become 22. Its total has become 22. Its total has become 22. [laughter] [throat clearing sound] [laughter] [throat clearing sound] [laughter] [throat clearing sound] I feel 2020 mein bhi ai mean main 12th ka I feel 2020 mein bhi ai mean main 12th ka I feel 2020 mein bhi ai mean main 12th ka You didn't have to give the paper, right? In 2021. O! You didn't have to give the paper, right? In 2021. O! You didn't have to give the paper, right? In 2021. O! ok best life ok best life ok best life I am bad in studies. I am bad. paper I am bad in studies. I am bad. paper I am bad in studies. I am bad. paper I did not have to give it. I did not have to give it. I did not have to give it. No, we did not have to give the paper. No, we did not have to give the paper. No, we did not have to give the paper. Percentage Percentage Percentage No, how did you come? No, how did you come? No, how did you come? Ah, he did something about 11th and 10th. Ah, he did something about 11th and 10th. Ah, he did something about 11th and 10th. Gave. Gave. Gave. No, by doing anything No, by doing anything No, by doing anything Yes, that means he had calculated the average. Yes, that means he had calculated the average. Yes, that means he had calculated the average. How many came in 10th then? ok my question How many came in 10th then? ok my question How many came in 10th then? ok my question It will not count. I'm just asking this It will not count. I'm just asking this It will not count. I'm just asking this Am. If you want to tell me, then tell me. Am. If you want to tell me, then tell me. Am. If you want to tell me, then tell me. No, I will not tell you again. No, I will not tell you again. No, I will not tell you again. So let me count the questions. How many came? So let me count the questions. How many came? So let me count the questions. How many came? In 12th? In 12th? In 12th? No comments. Well tell me the truth, next question is No comments. Well tell me the truth, next question is No comments. Well tell me the truth, next question is What? What? What? I will not tell. I will not tell it like this. I will not tell. I will not tell it like this. I will not tell. I will not tell it like this. Okay okay, fine. Okay okay, fine. Okay okay, fine. Do we already know this? I am not Do we already know this? I am not Do we already know this? I am not Should I tell you? This is a little bit bubbly. Should I tell you? This is a little bit bubbly. Should I tell you? This is a little bit bubbly. Do you know what happened now? She is 22 years old Do you know what happened now? She is 22 years old Do you know what happened now? She is 22 years old Is. His dreams have not been shattered yet. Is. His dreams have not been shattered yet. Is. His dreams have not been shattered yet. So your marriage has become a waste. This is lost So your marriage has become a waste. This is lost So your marriage has become a waste. This is lost If your dreams are fulfilled then. If your dreams are fulfilled then. If your dreams are fulfilled then. Hey, you're over 30. [Laughter] Hey, you're over 30. [Laughter] Hey, you're over 30. [Laughter] Haven't you heard the latest gossip? Haven't you heard the latest gossip? Haven't you heard the latest gossip? What about it? What about it? What about it? Which one? Which one? Which one? You will have to tell this back to me Anushka. You will have to tell this back to me Anushka. You will have to tell this back to me Anushka. I like everything. [Laughter] I like everything. [Laughter] I like everything. [Laughter] Ok. Ok. I have my question. Such Ok. Ok. I have my question. Such Ok. Ok. I have my question. Such What is the mistake in your life that you are making? What is the mistake in your life that you are making? What is the mistake in your life that you are making? Do you regret it? Do you regret it? Do you regret it? Masters? Masters? Masters? Shouldn't have done Masters. Shouldn't have done Masters. Shouldn't have done Masters. Are you doing a job? Masters? Are you doing a job? Masters? Are you doing a job? Masters? You are doing Masters in Fashion Styling You are doing Masters in Fashion Styling You are doing Masters in Fashion Styling yes. do not do do do do do do yes. do not do do do do do do yes. do not do do do do do do should should should do do do. should should should do do do. should should should do do do. I feel that I could have gone ahead and done a I feel that I could have gone ahead and done a I feel that I could have gone ahead and done a Internship and done a job. It would have been. Internship and done a job. It would have been. Internship and done a job. It would have been. Nothing has happened with it yet. Nothing has happened with it yet. Nothing has happened with it yet. Make it the worst like monsters [laughs] Make it the worst like monsters [laughs] Make it the worst like monsters [laughs] Took. Ask him if he has any jobs. Took. Ask him if he has any jobs. Took. Ask him if he has any jobs. Not there. That is their mistake. Not there. That is their mistake. Not there. That is their mistake. Masters will say, you had said abroad, right? Masters will say, you had said abroad, right? Masters will say, you had said abroad, right? Karma is doing the masters. Karma is doing the masters. Karma is doing the masters. Dude, he said abroad. Dude, he said abroad. Dude, he said abroad. Abrabod. Abrabod. Abrabod. Which country is that bro? [Laughter] Which country is that bro? [Laughter] Which country is that bro? [Laughter] Let's move ahead. Let's move ahead. Let's move ahead. Your question. You've got to be in Bollywood [laughs]. Your question. You've got to be in Bollywood [laughs]. Your question. You've got to be in Bollywood [laughs]. Since you are a fashion student, you should try Bollywood Since you are a fashion student, you should try Bollywood Since you are a fashion student, you should try Bollywood Who has the best fashion sense among all? Who has the best fashion sense among all? Who has the best fashion sense among all? Does it feel good? Does it feel good? Does it feel good? that you relate to that you relate to that you relate to No not related but I feel it is a good design. No not related but I feel it is a good design. No not related but I feel it is a good design. No relate you want no relate. No relate you want no relate. No relate you want no relate. Diljit Diljit you know. What will I know if Diljit Diljit you know. What will I know if Diljit Diljit you know. What will I know if You like Diljit from Fashion? You like Diljit from Fashion? You like Diljit from Fashion? You Know You Know You Know Relate. Relate. Relate. Anushka Sharma fashion. Anushka Sharma fashion. Anushka Sharma fashion. Anushka Sharma. Anushka Sharma. Anushka Sharma. Ok. So I have a question. Yours Ok. So I have a question. Yours Ok. So I have a question. Yours Both are done, right? I have one left. You and Both are done, right? I have one left. You and Both are done, right? I have one left. You and Your friend group. You people meet people Your friend group. You people meet people Your friend group. You people meet people If you judge, then on what basis? If you judge, then on what basis? If you judge, then on what basis? Do you judge? Do you judge? Do you judge? Fashion sense. Fashion sense. Fashion sense. Tell me how are we doing now? Tell me how are we doing now? Tell me how are we doing now? Don't waste this question. Brother, our Don't waste this question. Brother, our Don't waste this question. Brother, our Life is being wasted. [laughter] if Life is being wasted. [laughter] if Life is being wasted. [laughter] if If we are bad then we will get 10 paise marks. If we are bad then we will get 10 paise marks. If we are bad then we will get 10 paise marks. Keep giving to all three. And then tell me the reason. Keep giving to all three. And then tell me the reason. Keep giving to all three. And then tell me the reason. Well, do one thing, upgrade our Well, do one thing, upgrade our Well, do one thing, upgrade our In that. In that. In that. At? At? At? How much is Ashish? How much is Ashish? How much is Ashish? At? ET [laughs] I did my best today ET At? ET [laughs] I did my best today ET At? ET [laughs] I did my best today ET Okay, he came with number two stylist. Okay, he came with number two stylist. Okay, he came with number two stylist. came for him [laughs] came for him [laughs] came for him [laughs] Or you're a stylist that's not tasteful Or you're a stylist that's not tasteful Or you're a stylist that's not tasteful Unfair Advantage You're a Stylist Unfair Advantage You're a Stylist Unfair Advantage You're a Stylist No You Are You Will Get 10 No You Are You Will Get 10 No You Are You Will Get 10 we both got 10 we both got ya we both got 10 we both got ya we both got 10 we both got ya Sisterfucker, five by five I am Punch and he is Punch Okay, the questions are done and we understand. Okay, the questions are done and we understand. Okay, the questions are done and we understand. It is said that we do not know anything. It is said that we do not know anything. It is said that we do not know anything. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. All these questions have been raised. All these questions have been raised. All these questions have been raised. All the questions are answered. All the questions are answered. All the questions are answered. O friend O friend O friend This one too, why are we doing this? They This one too, why are we doing this? They This one too, why are we doing this? They All the questions are answered. Ok. So once I All the questions are answered. Ok. So once I All the questions are answered. Ok. So once I Let Domesh call it out. Let Domesh call it out. Let Domesh call it out. Ok. Ok. Ok. Guys, thank you so much to Damens Joe Guys, thank you so much to Damens Joe Guys, thank you so much to Damens Joe Those who have supported us. Those who have supported us. Those who have supported us. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. [Praise] The Most Comfortable Inner Yes. [Praise] The Most Comfortable Inner Yes. [Praise] The Most Comfortable Inner Ware Brand For Man. Ware Brand For Man. Ware Brand For Man. That's true I ya. That's true I ya. That's true I ya. Most comfortable. Most comfortable. Most comfortable. Or you just made me wear it. I love it. Or you just made me wear it. I love it. Or you just made me wear it. I love it. He is my stylist. These These These Ok. OK let's get started this show is cool. Ok. OK let's get started this show is cool. Ok. OK let's get started this show is cool. First Question on Dermens Presents First Question on Dermens Presents First Question on Dermens Presents Again. Again. Again. What is something my parents still don't What is something my parents still don't What is something my parents still don't No off. No off. No off. Option A that I hit my results in class Option A that I hit my results in class Option A that I hit my results in class 11th. 11th. 11th. Option B is that I drink their alcohol. Option B is that I drink their alcohol. Option B is that I drink their alcohol. There's alcohol. There's alcohol. There's alcohol. Option C that I crash their car. Hmm. Option C that I crash their car. Hmm. Option C that I crash their car. Hmm. Option D, That I Regularly Stolen Money Option D, That I Regularly Stolen Money Option D, That I Regularly Stolen Money From them. From them. From them. Brother, has this peak come here? this is Brother, has this peak come here? this is Brother, has this peak come here? this is All these are criminal activities, friend. And here All these are criminal activities, friend. And here All these are criminal activities, friend. And here But she was judging us. But she was judging us. But she was judging us. Anushka Sharma, I have Anushka Sharma, I have Anushka Sharma, I have Our style is bad but our people are fine. Our style is bad but our people are fine. Our style is bad but our people are fine. Yes, brother, I regularly steal money. Regularly. Yes, brother, I regularly steal money. Regularly. Yes, brother, I regularly steal money. Regularly. Either they have so much money that they know Either they have so much money that they know Either they have so much money that they know It is not working. It is not working. It is not working. Look, I think it can't be Look, I think it can't be Look, I think it can't be Regularly stole money. Yes. Regularly stole money. Yes. Regularly stole money. Yes. Because it is not his job. If her parents Because it is not his job. If her parents Because it is not his job. If her parents Find out then she can't steal money any more. Find out then she can't steal money any more. Find out then she can't steal money any more. Not brother. I think he's fairly rich Not brother. I think he's fairly rich Not brother. I think he's fairly rich background because he studied Arod background because he studied Arod background because he studied Arod Abroad or where is it written Abroad? you did not Abroad or where is it written Abroad? you did not Abroad or where is it written Abroad? you did not I said London. I said London. I said London. I said, I am Anushka Sharma speaking. I said, I am Anushka Sharma speaking. I said, I am Anushka Sharma speaking. Was. Was. Was. Oh London oh [ __ ]. Oh London oh [ __ ]. Oh London oh [ __ ]. Have you been thinking this since then? Have you been thinking this since then? Have you been thinking this since then? Yes, these masters are studying in fashion outside. Yes, these masters are studying in fashion outside. Yes, these masters are studying in fashion outside. Are. Are. Are. No, this is what you are reading. No, this is what you are reading. No, this is what you are reading. Yes. So, has she come from outside to do this? Yes. So, has she come from outside to do this? Yes. So, has she come from outside to do this? Then again, it could be anything. Then again, it could be anything. Then again, it could be anything. He is rich. Are you rich? He is rich. Are you rich? He is rich. Are you rich? From From From Look, if she were not rich, she would have Look, if she were not rich, she would have Look, if she were not rich, she would have Oh, where is it, sir [laughs]. Oh, where is it, sir [laughs]. Oh, where is it, sir [laughs]. gets scattered gets scattered gets scattered Those who were unlucky would start saying all this. Those who were unlucky would start saying all this. Those who were unlucky would start saying all this. It's okay, there's dal roti, she talks. It's okay, there's dal roti, she talks. It's okay, there's dal roti, she talks. Correct Correct Correct Correct Correct Correct Hey, if the car crashes, you will know about it. Hey, if the car crashes, you will know about it. Hey, if the car crashes, you will know about it. Okay, but you can use any such name, right? Okay, but you can use any such name, right? Okay, but you can use any such name, right? Can't put the name or hit the car Can't put the name or hit the car Can't put the name or hit the car And she got it repaired and came back with her And she got it repaired and came back with her And she got it repaired and came back with her One thing she also said in the intro was that I One thing she also said in the intro was that I One thing she also said in the intro was that I Get into trouble, but some how I get out of it Get into trouble, but some how I get out of it Get into trouble, but some how I get out of it When I come, she took an impulsive decision. When I come, she took an impulsive decision. When I come, she took an impulsive decision. I will give you a race, why did you become a sisterfucker? I will give you a race, why did you become a sisterfucker? I will give you a race, why did you become a sisterfucker? Look what happened, the money was stolen. Look what happened, the money was stolen. Look what happened, the money was stolen. No urgency is established No urgency is established No urgency is established I am drinking alcohol little by little, there is no point in it. I am drinking alcohol little by little, there is no point in it. I am drinking alcohol little by little, there is no point in it. Urgency established but emulsive I Urgency established but emulsive I Urgency established but emulsive I I thought I would take out the car and hit it today itself. I thought I would take out the car and hit it today itself. I thought I would take out the car and hit it today itself. I give it some I give it some I give it some This is also something to hide This is also something to hide This is also something to hide This is something to hide This is something to hide This is something to hide Correct yes crash their car Correct yes crash their car Correct yes crash their car crash their car crash their car crash their car Crash Their Car Crash Their Car Let's Lock Crash Their Car Crash Their Car Let's Lock Crash Their Car Crash Their Car Let's Lock C Crash Their Car If You Were Us C Crash Their Car If You Were Us C Crash Their Car If You Were Us So what would you suck? [Laughter] So what would you suck? [Laughter] So what would you suck? [Laughter] No, what if you were in your place? No, what if you were in your place? No, what if you were in your place? Do you suck? With you Do you suck? With you Do you suck? With you Crash their car. How? Crash their car. How? Crash their car. How? O! O! O! That means we are going home. Are going. That means we are going home. Are going. That means we are going home. Are going. I did it to you. I did it to you. I did it to you. She's a reverse psychologist. She's a reverse psychologist. She's a reverse psychologist. He doesn't know that much. He doesn't know that much. He doesn't know that much. Hey, I went to such a clinic. He is like this Hey, I went to such a clinic. He is like this Hey, I went to such a clinic. He is like this She's sitting [laughs]. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh, brother [laughs]. Oh my God. Oh, brother [laughs]. Oh my God. Oh, brother [laughs]. Are you okay? How did this come to your mind? Are you okay? How did this come to your mind? Are you okay? How did this come to your mind? Buddy? It was too good, friend. In my thought Buddy? It was too good, friend. In my thought Buddy? It was too good, friend. In my thought From Domens to you From Domens to you From Domens to you A decision should be given. [Appreciation] A decision should be given. [Appreciation] A decision should be given. [Appreciation] What if there's something arrogant about it, friend? These What if there's something arrogant about it, friend? These What if there's something arrogant about it, friend? These Are you looking at it like that? Do it. [Laughter] Are you looking at it like that? Do it. [Laughter] Are you looking at it like that? Do it. [Laughter] There is some money inside it. There is some money inside it. There is some money inside it. Ok. Tell me brother. Tell me the correct answer. Ok. Tell me brother. Tell me the correct answer. Ok. Tell me brother. Tell me the correct answer. Reveal it. Reveal it. Reveal it. Just make it green, man. Just make it green, man. Just make it green, man. Come on man. Come on man. Come on man. Just Green It. [Cheers] Wow, cool, okay, so in your first question. Wow, cool, okay, so in your first question. Wow, cool, okay, so in your first question. We have caught you. Oh, it didn't hurt. Brother We have caught you. Oh, it didn't hurt. Brother We have caught you. Oh, it didn't hurt. Brother He is rich. He is rich. He is rich. Yes. Yes. Yes. Well, what will we do from here? chef becoming a chef Well, what will we do from here? chef becoming a chef Well, what will we do from here? chef becoming a chef Only rich people do this course. Only rich people do this course. Only rich people do this course. He has all these problems too. Asafoetida This He has all these problems too. Asafoetida This He has all these problems too. Asafoetida This It's so middle class, man. This asafoetida tadka It's so middle class, man. This asafoetida tadka It's so middle class, man. This asafoetida tadka etc. etc. etc. What is this tadka? Yes. These in the baffles What is this tadka? Yes. These in the baffles What is this tadka? Yes. These in the baffles Can it happen? A little pancake type Can it happen? A little pancake type Can it happen? A little pancake type This is a girl. This is a girl. This is a girl. Isso fart? Isso fart? Isso fart? What? What? What? Esoferty. That's what Hinge is. you guys Esoferty. That's what Hinge is. you guys Esoferty. That's what Hinge is. you guys Who doesn't know? ESO4 [laughs] Who doesn't know? ESO4 [laughs] Who doesn't know? ESO4 [laughs] Brother, we are working people Brother, we are working people Brother, we are working people Baby I buy ESO fruit from my car Baby I buy ESO fruit from my car Baby I buy ESO fruit from my car Am. [Laughter] Be quiet. Be quiet. Be quiet. Till now because we judge our contestants Till now because we judge our contestants Till now because we judge our contestants They do it and you people keep watching like that They do it and you people keep watching like that They do it and you people keep watching like that You guys are being very judgmental. I You guys are being very judgmental. I You guys are being very judgmental. I I want to give you a chance where I want to give you a chance where I want to give you a chance where You guys will judge things. be ready for it You guys will judge things. be ready for it You guys will judge things. be ready for it For? For? For? Nice nice. Nice nice. Nice nice. Lovelace. Lovelace. Lovelace. This segment is from Damage. This segment is from Damage. This segment is from Damage. Coming to you friends. Let there be applause Coming to you friends. Let there be applause Coming to you friends. Let there be applause Go for the damage once. Go for the damage once. Go for the damage once. Let there be applause. Okay, now I'm going to ask you some questions. Okay, now I'm going to ask you some questions. Okay, now I'm going to ask you some questions. We will give it to the person who gives the correct answer. We will give it to the person who gives the correct answer. We will give it to the person who gives the correct answer. Dominance currency of ₹2100 Dominance currency of ₹2100 Dominance currency of ₹2100 Which you can redeem from dms.com. Correct Which you can redeem from dms.com. Correct Which you can redeem from dms.com. Correct Is? First question? But first we pick this up Is? First question? But first we pick this up Is? First question? But first we pick this up Who will answer? There is a couple. Who will answer? There is a couple. Who will answer? There is a couple. Guys a couple? Guys a couple? Guys a couple? Or OK. Or OK. Or OK. Ok. Ok. Did you have a love marriage? Ok. Ok. Did you have a love marriage? Ok. Ok. Did you have a love marriage? How are you doing? How are you doing? How are you doing? doing fine. doing fine. doing fine. And can do better. Ok. One question. And can do better. Ok. One question. And can do better. Ok. One question. Are you guys ready? What is your name? Are you guys ready? What is your name? Are you guys ready? What is your name? Chase. Chase. Chase. What? Chase? What? Chase? What? Chase? What is your name? Chase? What is your name? Chase? What is your name? Chase? Just. Just. Just. Just just. Just just. Just just. Just it. Just it. Just it. And Her Name Is Chin. Ok. first question. Let me state the facts first Ok. first question. Let me state the facts first Ok. first question. Let me state the facts first That the west of Damensh gives your body 2° That the west of Damensh gives your body 2° That the west of Damensh gives your body 2° Keep a cooler. The question is which one am I Keep a cooler. The question is which one am I Keep a cooler. The question is which one am I Anger in situations that get 2 degrees warmer Anger in situations that get 2 degrees warmer Anger in situations that get 2 degrees warmer Am? I have a question about me. A. When someone Am? I have a question about me. A. When someone Am? I have a question about me. A. When someone The relative says, come on, tell me a joke. The relative says, come on, tell me a joke. The relative says, come on, tell me a joke. B When someone asks when the next season of Rose is coming B When someone asks when the next season of Rose is coming B When someone asks when the next season of Rose is coming Is? C When someone meets and says big fan Is? C When someone meets and says big fan Is? C When someone meets and says big fan Akash Gupta brother. Akash Gupta brother. Akash Gupta brother. Or when people talk as soon as they post a video Or when people talk as soon as they post a video Or when people talk as soon as they post a video You forgot your YouTube password, you dog. You forgot your YouTube password, you dog. You forgot your YouTube password, you dog. C [throat clearing sound] C [throat clearing sound] C [throat clearing sound] See I don't think it will be See because why See I don't think it will be See because why See I don't think it will be See because why would you be upset a someone called you by your would you be upset a someone called you by your would you be upset a someone called you by your Name It's 4 degrees hotter, man [laughs]. It's 4 degrees hotter, man [laughs]. It's 4 degrees hotter, man [laughs]. At least color your hair green. At least color your hair green. At least color your hair green. ok karunesh bro ok karunesh bro ok karunesh bro Let's Lock C Can We Lock C Reveal the Answer. Let's Lock C Can We Lock C Reveal the Answer. Let's Lock C Can We Lock C Reveal the Answer. Do whatever you can. Okay, okay [laughter] it said you have Okay, okay [laughter] it said you have Okay, okay [laughter] it said you have There is an answer. There is an answer. There is an answer. Okay, okay, one minute, one minute. One minute, Okay, okay, one minute, one minute. One minute, Okay, okay, one minute, one minute. One minute, One minute. Solanki, Solanki Before You Read The One minute. Solanki, Solanki Before You Read The One minute. Solanki, Solanki Before You Read The Answer that's written by your team. what really Answer that's written by your team. what really Answer that's written by your team. what really Out of these four things? Annois U. But Out of these four things? Annois U. But Out of these four things? Annois U. But There is no answer here. Well, you are yours There is no answer here. Well, you are yours There is no answer here. Well, you are yours The answer is in your heart. The answer is in your heart. The answer is in your heart. It comes to my heart. It comes to my heart. It comes to my heart. You have to go to a reverse psychologist. You have to go to a reverse psychologist. You have to go to a reverse psychologist. I get most angry when I get most angry when I get most angry when Someone says, did you hear the joke? Someone says, did you hear the joke? Someone says, did you hear the joke? I go to Kilas. I go to Kilas. I go to Kilas. You seem very comfortable to me. These You seem very comfortable to me. These You seem very comfortable to me. These I get it from Damage. I get it from Damage. I get it from Damage. Damage currency. Damage currency. Damage currency. Is it really great brother? 2 Is it really great brother? 2 Is it really great brother? 2 X Softer. You know? X Softer. You know? X Softer. You know? 2 x? 2 x? 2 x? 2 x Soft. 2 x Soft. 2 x Soft. Oh, minus only one x. Oh, minus only one x. Oh, minus only one x. That is it. 1x is the same. [Laughter] That is it. 1x is the same. [Laughter] That is it. 1x is the same. [Laughter] 2 x Softener. 2 x Softener. 2 x Softener. That's crazy. That's crazy. That's crazy. What can you do for double soft underwear? What can you do for double soft underwear? What can you do for double soft underwear? Can you in life? Can you in life? Can you in life? I can pay triple X. which is I can pay triple X. which is I can pay triple X. which is There is no need to do this because the damage will There is no need to do this because the damage will There is no need to do this because the damage will Already and so affordable. Already and so affordable. Already and so affordable. Yes. [Cheers] Yes. [Cheers] Yes. [Cheers] On top of that we cause damage. brother to me On top of that we cause damage. brother to me On top of that we cause damage. brother to me Tears will come. [Laughter] Tears will come. [Laughter] Tears will come. [Laughter] Very good. One round of applause for brother Very good. One round of applause for brother Very good. One round of applause for brother Buddy. Buddy. Buddy. amazing. [Cheers] amazing. [Cheers] amazing. [Cheers] Applause, friend. Come on man, give it back man. Brother Applause, friend. Come on man, give it back man. Brother Applause, friend. Come on man, give it back man. Brother And absorb tears, water and water also. And absorb tears, water and water also. And absorb tears, water and water also. Takes. What all? Takes. What all? Takes. What all? Absorbs water. Absorbs water. Absorbs water. Brother their absorbability oh my Brother their absorbability oh my Brother their absorbability oh my You can cry completely about your inner self like this. You can cry completely about your inner self like this. You can cry completely about your inner self like this. Everything will be in tears. But I took it off Everything will be in tears. But I took it off Everything will be in tears. But I took it off When I cry, others laugh. [Laughter] When I cry, others laugh. [Laughter] When I cry, others laugh. [Laughter] Ok. For the second question, we Ok. For the second question, we Ok. For the second question, we People have to be picked up. You pick it up. Any People have to be picked up. You pick it up. Any People have to be picked up. You pick it up. Any Tell me the criteria. Tell me the criteria. Tell me the criteria. Who are a CA is here? anybody who's a ca or Who are a CA is here? anybody who's a ca or Who are a CA is here? anybody who's a ca or A lawyer? A lawyer? A lawyer? Which person? Which person? Which person? CA CA CA. CA Okay, okay. CA brother CA CA CA. CA Okay, okay. CA brother CA CA CA. CA Okay, okay. CA brother I have a question for you. The fact is that I I have a question for you. The fact is that I I have a question for you. The fact is that I It has been found that according to the global average It has been found that according to the global average It has been found that according to the global average Men's underwear changes every 6 to 12 months Men's underwear changes every 6 to 12 months Men's underwear changes every 6 to 12 months Are. The question in the world of men is that Are. The question in the world of men is that Are. The question in the world of men is that What is this average in India? A 30 Days What is this average in India? A 30 Days What is this average in India? A 30 Days The meaning changes The meaning changes The meaning changes [sound of clearing throat] Let's buy a new one. [sound of clearing throat] Let's buy a new one. [sound of clearing throat] Let's buy a new one. Understand? B [laughs] Understand? B [laughs] Understand? B [laughs] 30 months. 30 months. 30 months. C 30 weeks, C 30 weeks, C 30 weeks, D 300 weeks or this lamp wala that I am D 300 weeks or this lamp wala that I am D 300 weeks or this lamp wala that I am I don't wear it at all. You tell me which 30 months I don't wear it at all. You tell me which 30 months I don't wear it at all. You tell me which 30 months People change in India. 30 months People change in India. 30 months People change in India. 30 months 2nd year, its correct answer is in 30 months. 2nd year, its correct answer is in 30 months. 2nd year, its correct answer is in 30 months. Make Some Nice for This Guy. do you get Make Some Nice for This Guy. do you get Make Some Nice for This Guy. do you get Damen currency ₹2,100 please from Damensh Damen currency ₹2,100 please from Damensh Damen currency ₹2,100 please from Damensh Give it to them. Now you will be able to change instantly. Give it to them. Now you will be able to change instantly. Give it to them. Now you will be able to change instantly. Yes and change it. Yes and change it. Yes and change it. This will last you for 2 years easily. How This will last you for 2 years easily. How This will last you for 2 years easily. How long is long is long is So this is a lot. So this is a lot. So this is a lot. How Long Is It Done Bro? This is the last. How Long Is It Done Bro? This is the last. How Long Is It Done Bro? This is the last. I only heard how long I said I only heard how long I said I only heard how long I said Why are you asking, friend? ok but now I Why are you asking, friend? ok but now I Why are you asking, friend? ok but now I So friends, let's play the game further. So friends, let's play the game further. So friends, let's play the game further. To. To. To. Huh [cheering voice] Huh [cheering voice] Huh [cheering voice] [Applause] Let the questions come, please. For the Same [Applause] Let the questions come, please. For the Same [Applause] Let the questions come, please. For the Same Amount. Amount. Amount. It is still only ₹2 thousand. It is still only ₹2 thousand. It is still only ₹2 thousand. What is the worst email I've ever received? What is the worst email I've ever received? What is the worst email I've ever received? Received. Received. Received. You are selected for? If [laughter] you can. No, no, please don't send this to them by email. No, no, please don't send this to them by email. No, no, please don't send this to them by email. Give. Give. Give. Option A, a five-page long document Option A, a five-page long document Option A, a five-page long document From my ex breaking up with me. From my ex breaking up with me. From my ex breaking up with me. Five pages long. Five pages long. Five pages long. Option B, A Request for My Feedbacks. Option B, A Request for My Feedbacks. Option B, A Request for My Feedbacks. Option C, The Prince of Sudan offering me 5 Option C, The Prince of Sudan offering me 5 Option C, The Prince of Sudan offering me 5 Ten million. Ten million. Ten million. No, not this. No, not this. No, not this. Option D, a major proposal by a 40-year-old Option D, a major proposal by a 40-year-old Option D, a major proposal by a 40-year-old Old man. Old man. Old man. Brother [laughs] and he is here today Brother [laughs] and he is here today Brother [laughs] and he is here today He is here brother, how did you change your email? He is here brother, how did you change your email? He is here brother, how did you change your email? Why does his friend send a marriage proposal through mail? Why does his friend send a marriage proposal through mail? Why does his friend send a marriage proposal through mail? will send will send will send No, 40 years old No, 40 years old No, 40 years old No, a 40 year old man, of course. No, a 40 year old man, of course. No, a 40 year old man, of course. You can send it if you want to write something long. You can send it if you want to write something long. You can send it if you want to write something long. Look at my Excel, these are attachments. Look at my Excel, these are attachments. Look at my Excel, these are attachments. Sheets mine [laughs] Sheets mine [laughs] Sheets mine [laughs] So brother, I have a logic, I am the last So brother, I have a logic, I am the last So brother, I have a logic, I am the last I would like to submit it, please do it now, yes this I would like to submit it, please do it now, yes this I would like to submit it, please do it now, yes this Have access to email, okay, some 40 year old Have access to email, okay, some 40 year old Have access to email, okay, some 40 year old Man is stocking, this is weird isn't it? Man is stocking, this is weird isn't it? Man is stocking, this is weird isn't it? Where can I get email from? Instagram Where can I get email from? Instagram Where can I get email from? Instagram Pay if some influencer type work like this Pay if some influencer type work like this Pay if some influencer type work like this If you don't do this, the email will not be visible. If you don't do this, the email will not be visible. If you don't do this, the email will not be visible. Email Email Email Look him in the eye and say it. Look him in the eye and say it. Look him in the eye and say it. Brother, then I will become a 40 year old man. Brother, then I will become a 40 year old man. Brother, then I will become a 40 year old man. Buddy. [laughter] I have this diagonal in each eye. [laughter] I have this diagonal in each eye. [laughter] I have this diagonal in each eye. I talk after looking at the diagonal. Ok? I talk after looking at the diagonal. Ok? I talk after looking at the diagonal. Ok? To college professors. To college professors. To college professors. College Professor: Yes, that was logic too. But College Professor: Yes, that was logic too. But College Professor: Yes, that was logic too. But The professor should propose for marriage. The professor should propose for marriage. The professor should propose for marriage. This is a big leap, friend. and this This is a big leap, friend. and this This is a big leap, friend. and this And this is not weird, this is weird. And this is not weird, this is weird. And this is not weird, this is weird. ok i sent the same ok i sent the same ok i sent the same This isn't weird, what could possibly happen? This isn't weird, what could possibly happen? This isn't weird, what could possibly happen? college professor speaking college professor college professor speaking college professor college professor speaking college professor You are talking like this, become my grandmother You are talking like this, become my grandmother You are talking like this, become my grandmother I will make you pass Tenu [laughter] I will make you pass Tenu [laughter] I will make you pass Tenu [laughter] Brother, I think we should know about the world. Brother, I think we should know about the world. Brother, I think we should know about the world. Must be that ape man is everywhere Must be that ape man is everywhere Must be that ape man is everywhere Here it is Here it is Here it is Identified Himself Thank You For Identified Himself Thank You For Identified Himself Thank You For Identification Police Identification Police Identification Police Oye Oye my father has come. Oye Oye my father has come. Oye Oye my father has come. Do one thing. One of his lives is gone. Do one thing. One of his lives is gone. Do one thing. One of his lives is gone. Take the lifeline now. Take the lifeline now. Take the lifeline now. The game will be over completely. The game will be over completely. The game will be over completely. I will send you back to Mumbai right now. I will send you back to Mumbai right now. I will send you back to Mumbai right now. What is in it? What is in it? What is in it? Okay, okay, lifeline, lifeline. Okay, okay, lifeline, lifeline. Okay, okay, lifeline, lifeline. Lifeline 25-75 Activate Right Now. Lifeline 25-75 Activate Right Now. Lifeline 25-75 Activate Right Now. Don't suggest anything right now. [Laughter] He has said that he will remove the Sudanese one now. He has said that he will remove the Sudanese one now. He has said that he will remove the Sudanese one now. See. See. See. Why did I say this after turning off the mic? Why did I say this after turning off the mic? Why did I say this after turning off the mic? spoke? [Laughter] spoke? [Laughter] spoke? [Laughter] You stop paying these people their salaries if You stop paying these people their salaries if You stop paying these people their salaries if They remove Sudan. They remove Sudan. They remove Sudan. They are saying what salaries They are saying what salaries They are saying what salaries They don't get any salary They don't get any salary They don't get any salary I think I only give termination currency I think I only give termination currency I think I only give termination currency They are hungry but they have innerwear. They are hungry but they have innerwear. They are hungry but they have innerwear. That's great [laughs]. That's great [laughs]. That's great [laughs]. Brother, tell me what to do now. Brother, tell me what to do now. Brother, tell me what to do now. Now you are trapped Now you are trapped Now you are trapped You tell me now, you tell me well You tell me now, you tell me well You tell me now, you tell me well Ma'am numbers hold Ma'am numbers hold Ma'am numbers hold It is not even given in comparison to this, so you It is not even given in comparison to this, so you It is not even given in comparison to this, so you Can you tell me friend, I haven't even passed 12th. Can you tell me friend, I haven't even passed 12th. Can you tell me friend, I haven't even passed 12th. in a manner in a manner in a manner Bachelor to Kari Bachelor to Kari Bachelor to Kari No, no, she is arguing too much. This is very No, no, she is arguing too much. This is very No, no, she is arguing too much. This is very She is arguing. She is arguing. She is arguing. If it were an old uncle, he would be angry. If it were an old uncle, he would be angry. If it were an old uncle, he would be angry. Go. [Laughter] Go. [Laughter] Go. [Laughter] Daughter, you give very strange answers. Daughter, you give very strange answers. Daughter, you give very strange answers. daughter daughter daughter I think I think that because she said to me it could I think I think that because she said to me it could I think I think that because she said to me it could Just be a five page long document for her Just be a five page long document for her Just be a five page long document for her X. X. X. It Makes Sense for Her. because he It Makes Sense for Her. because he It Makes Sense for Her. because he Relationship. Relationship. Relationship. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because he must have been hurt by the breakup. and him Because he must have been hurt by the breakup. and him Because he must have been hurt by the breakup. and him Then I will not say that Then I will not say that Then I will not say that You hit the car, right? What to do? You hit the car, right? What to do? You hit the car, right? What to do? Yes, I hit the car, okay I will tell you. my one Yes, I hit the car, okay I will tell you. my one Yes, I hit the car, okay I will tell you. my one There is logic. Who has raised your hand? You There is logic. Who has raised your hand? You There is logic. Who has raised your hand? You Keep your hands up until then. And put both of them up. Keep your hands up until then. And put both of them up. Keep your hands up until then. And put both of them up. What is the question? What is the question? What is the question? Keep both hands up and then we will be damaged from above. Keep both hands up and then we will be damaged from above. Keep both hands up and then we will be damaged from above. I will bring it to you. I will bring it to you. I will bring it to you. Listen Listen. Listen Listen. Listen Listen. And he will go away because he is so soft. And he will go away because he is so soft. And he will go away because he is so soft. It is fabric. Applause, friend. It is fabric. Applause, friend. It is fabric. Applause, friend. Yes, I am saying that this is not the question. Yes, I am saying that this is not the question. Yes, I am saying that this is not the question. What was the weirdest thing that happened? Question What was the weirdest thing that happened? Question What was the weirdest thing that happened? Question Not what's the weirdest email you've received? Not what's the weirdest email you've received? Not what's the weirdest email you've received? So I can tell someone who is closest to you. So I can tell someone who is closest to you. So I can tell someone who is closest to you. What's that weird email? And you have What's that weird email? And you have What's that weird email? And you have Such an amazing story that a 40 year old man Such an amazing story that a 40 year old man Such an amazing story that a 40 year old man I found the marriage proposal tricky. I found the marriage proposal tricky. I found the marriage proposal tricky. I have it. I have it. I have it. I'm like this earlier or I had said which one I'm like this earlier or I had said which one I'm like this earlier or I had said which one The idiot will attach the document. The idiot will attach the document. The idiot will attach the document. But that is weird. So She Must Be Telling But that is weird. So She Must Be Telling But that is weird. So She Must Be Telling Her Friends How Weird That My Ex Roter Her Friends How Weird That My Ex Roter Her Friends How Weird That My Ex Roter On a word dog and then attached it. On a word dog and then attached it. On a word dog and then attached it. Yes, so right now you were on D. Yes, so right now you were on D. Yes, so right now you were on D. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. I want a no. Yes brother, this is not D. I want a no. Yes brother, this is not D. I want a no. Yes brother, this is not D. How come there are two idiots here? How come there are two idiots here? How come there are two idiots here? A document guy [laughs]. A document guy [laughs]. A document guy [laughs]. And I, the one who trusted you And I, the one who trusted you And I, the one who trusted you [cheering voice] over and over and over again [cheering voice] over and over and over again [cheering voice] over and over and over again This man turns around, he looks like A, he looks like B. This man turns around, he looks like A, he looks like B. This man turns around, he looks like A, he looks like B. It seems like it will say edit again. It seems like it will say edit again. It seems like it will say edit again. Brother, tell me what I said correctly. Brother, tell me what I said correctly. Brother, tell me what I said correctly. Said Raunak is a genius [laughs] boyfriend Said Raunak is a genius [laughs] boyfriend Said Raunak is a genius [laughs] boyfriend gonna have to gonna have to gonna have to do boyfriend do boyfriend do boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend Let's go ordering boyfriend a gum Let's go ordering boyfriend a gum Let's go ordering boyfriend a gum make me your boyfriend make me your boyfriend make me your boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend Let's move ahead brother. This is the first question. Let's move ahead brother. This is the first question. Let's move ahead brother. This is the first question. Let's do A A. Let's do A A. Let's do A A. Let's lock a five page long Let's lock a five page long Let's lock a five page long Documents from my ex breaking up Documents from my ex breaking up Documents from my ex breaking up With me. With me. With me. That is that is pretty weird bro. That is that is pretty weird bro. That is that is pretty weird bro. That's Beard Bro. Right now the first That's Beard Bro. Right now the first That's Beard Bro. Right now the first I have a question, friend. I have a question, friend. I have a question, friend. Can I tell you something? I can look at Can I tell you something? I can look at Can I tell you something? I can look at The Entire Audience and The Entire Audience Is The Entire Audience and The Entire Audience Is The Entire Audience and The Entire Audience Is Still having a lot of fun. Dispite How Still having a lot of fun. Dispite How Still having a lot of fun. Dispite How Long the Show Has Been? But how Anushka is so Long the Show Has Been? But how Anushka is so Long the Show Has Been? But how Anushka is so Fun. Board Right Now? There is nothing like that, right? There is nothing like that, right? There is nothing like that, right? No. Ok. [laughs] His video gives a No. Ok. [laughs] His video gives a No. Ok. [laughs] His video gives a Shid. ok don't worry we will help you a lot Shid. ok don't worry we will help you a lot Shid. ok don't worry we will help you a lot I am going to free you soon. [Laughter] I am going to free you soon. [Laughter] I am going to free you soon. [Laughter] Now live sorry Now live sorry Now live sorry I told you. Ok, good. I apologize if it happened Ok, good. I apologize if it happened Ok, good. I apologize if it happened I will ask. I will ask. I will ask. With whom? With whom? Apologies to all the girls who told us Apologies to all the girls who told us Apologies to all the girls who told us They ask for it. All three of you said T, right? They ask for it. All three of you said T, right? They ask for it. All three of you said T, right? All the boys said sorry. All the boys said sorry. All the boys said sorry. All the women you. All the women you. All the women you. Well, okay. Ok. You have won ₹2000. Well, okay. Ok. You have won ₹2000. Well, okay. Ok. You have won ₹2000. Congratulations to you. Congratulations to you. Congratulations to you. ₹2000 congratulations. ₹2000 congratulations. ₹2000 congratulations. How are you doing? God is looking up. How are you doing? God is looking up. How are you doing? God is looking up. My days have changed. My days have changed. My days have changed. Covid and today. You know the rest in 206. Covid and today. You know the rest in 206. Covid and today. You know the rest in 206. Unnecessary eye roll yes. Just Like Whatever Unnecessary eye roll yes. Just Like Whatever Unnecessary eye roll yes. Just Like Whatever 2000 DU. 2000 DU. 2000 DU. Same same, same, same. Okay, okay, next Same same, same, same. Okay, okay, next Same same, same, same. Okay, okay, next Facts please. I was once an Eve T police man. Facts please. I was once an Eve T police man. Facts please. I was once an Eve T police man. Oh Papa, hey my father is a policeman Oh Papa, hey my father is a policeman Oh Papa, hey my father is a policeman The policeman is not my father. The policeman is not my father. The policeman is not my father. What is this brother? What is this brother? What is this brother? Not every policeman has a father. Not every policeman has a father. Not every policeman has a father. No, brother. People like this, police is your father No, brother. People like this, police is your father No, brother. People like this, police is your father Policeman, this is so wrong. Policeman, this is so wrong. Policeman, this is so wrong. Some action has happened again. you said something Some action has happened again. you said something Some action has happened again. you said something Some? Some? Some? gone. gone. gone. Sad sad. Sad sad. Sad sad. I will talk to Papa. I will talk to Papa. I will talk to Papa. Ok. Questions please. O dear O dear O dear Which of the professions have I not been if Which of the professions have I not been if Which of the professions have I not been if T bye [laughs] T bye [laughs] T bye [laughs] First option my father First option my father First option my father Option A Lawyer Option A Lawyer Option A Lawyer Loire Loire Loire Option B: Doctor Option B: Doctor Option B: Doctor No problem but doctors No problem but doctors No problem but doctors Option C Software Option C Software Option C Software Software 100% No Software 100% No Software 100% No Option D Cab Driver Option D Cab Driver Option D Cab Driver Hello Hello, you are doing well Hello Hello, you are doing well Hello Hello, you are doing well Option Option Option Graphic designer too Graphic designer too Graphic designer too One second, one second, let's start with one One second, one second, let's start with one One second, one second, let's start with one Thing. Thing. Thing. What the [ __ ] is Happening? What the [ __ ] is Happening? What the [ __ ] is Happening? So he also doesn't know whether he knows or not. So he also doesn't know whether he knows or not. So he also doesn't know whether he knows or not. There is at profession there are two doctors. There is at profession there are two doctors. There is at profession there are two doctors. I think it's Doctor A and Doctor B. A singer is attendant. A singer is attendant. A singer is attendant. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. A singer one is attendance. A singer one is attendance. A singer one is attendance. So he will not be a doctor. So he will not be a doctor. So he will not be a doctor. Hey, she is joking brother. Hey, she is joking brother. Hey, she is joking brother. D D D D D D Hmm! Hmm hmm Hmm! Hmm hmm Hmm! Hmm hmm Brother, just wait a second and tell us on what basis? Brother, just wait a second and tell us on what basis? Brother, just wait a second and tell us on what basis? This is because in this we are such that these people This is because in this we are such that these people This is because in this we are such that these people It can be like this, yes, and then those people It can be like this, yes, and then those people It can be like this, yes, and then those people This is how we got into the mindset, okay one second. This is how we got into the mindset, okay one second. This is how we got into the mindset, okay one second. one second one second one second one second one second one second But you two But you two But you two All of them are capable of All of them are capable of All of them are capable of Evening Teasing Which Is Completely Wrong | who is Evening Teasing Which Is Completely Wrong | who is Evening Teasing Which Is Completely Wrong | who is The Most Likely Let's Suck That Because I The Most Likely Let's Suck That Because I The Most Likely Let's Suck That Because I Think this is a trick question where am I Think this is a trick question where am I Think this is a trick question where am I We Think Is the Most Likely Will Not Be the We Think Is the Most Likely Will Not Be the We Think Is the Most Likely Will Not Be the Correct Answer | Correct Answer | Correct Answer | That's the game So you control your production team. So you control your production team. So you control your production team. Yaar Ye Art Art Yaar Ye Art Art Yaar Ye Art Art Let's do one thing and see what it means Let's do one thing and see what it means Let's do one thing and see what it means People of which profession will be affected the most? People of which profession will be affected the most? People of which profession will be affected the most? That they bring it to the same access thing That they bring it to the same access thing That they bring it to the same access thing Cab drivers sometimes tease me too. Cab drivers sometimes tease me too. Cab drivers sometimes tease me too. Correct Correct Correct Do you want 50-50 if you give eight options? Do you want 50-50 if you give eight options? Do you want 50-50 if you give eight options? So after doing 50-50 we come back to four. So after doing 50-50 we come back to four. So after doing 50-50 we come back to four. will go will go will go So 100% I want 50-50 So 100% I want 50-50 So 100% I want 50-50 I would prefer a crack jack [laughs]. Tell me brother, we have to take 50-50 in this. Tell me brother, we have to take 50-50 in this. Tell me brother, we have to take 50-50 in this. What have you done to us? You gave us What have you done to us? You gave us What have you done to us? You gave us Flew the marathon and then got a cab. Flew the marathon and then got a cab. Flew the marathon and then got a cab. See See See Brother, I have a doubt. Ok. Brother, I have a doubt. Ok. Brother, I have a doubt. Ok. Sir yes. Sir yes. Sir yes. From Lawyer and Software Engineer From Lawyer and Software Engineer From Lawyer and Software Engineer There might be less connection. There might be less connection. There might be less connection. Why would it be lying there? Yes, because the car Why would it be lying there? Yes, because the car Why would it be lying there? Yes, because the car I don't even know that he hit me. to someone I don't even know that he hit me. to someone I don't even know that he hit me. to someone In some cases nothing has happened. In some cases nothing has happened. In some cases nothing has happened. A person has to meet a doctor. cab A person has to meet a doctor. cab A person has to meet a doctor. cab The person has to meet the driver. The person has to meet the driver. The person has to meet the driver. She is too young to meet a lawyer like this She is too young to meet a lawyer like this She is too young to meet a lawyer like this Randomly. Where can I even ask a software engineer? Randomly. Where can I even ask a software engineer? Randomly. Where can I even ask a software engineer? Will I get this? Will I get this? Will I get this? Butt Software Butt Software Butt Software One, there is a software engineer everywhere. One, there is a software engineer everywhere. One, there is a software engineer everywhere. see you. see you. see you. Yes. And Yes. And Yes. And There's one software engineer here. There's one software engineer here. There's one software engineer here. Are? What are you doing all this [laughter]? What are you doing all this [laughter]? What are you doing all this [laughter]? [cheering voice] Wrong. [cheering voice] Wrong. [cheering voice] Wrong. You are also a software engineer. You are also a software engineer. You are also a software engineer. I mean, I did engineering and I mean, I did engineering and I mean, I did engineering and What are you doing friend? You will be a lawyer, right? What are you doing friend? You will be a lawyer, right? What are you doing friend? You will be a lawyer, right? Then. Then. Then. But I have done lawyer law. Losses But I have done lawyer law. Losses But I have done lawyer law. Losses And I sometimes run Cap. [Laughter] The brother is either A or C because the doctor The brother is either A or C because the doctor The brother is either A or C because the doctor And can I meet the cab driver sometime? And can I meet the cab driver sometime? And can I meet the cab driver sometime? Or I am also feeling the same as A and C. Or I am also feeling the same as A and C. Or I am also feeling the same as A and C. Look Sir, I think it must be lawyer only. Look Sir, I think it must be lawyer only. Look Sir, I think it must be lawyer only. Because she is less likely to meet a lawyer Because she is less likely to meet a lawyer Because she is less likely to meet a lawyer Considering every Considering every Considering every But oh yes. So you must not have met the lawyer, right? But oh yes. So you must not have met the lawyer, right? But oh yes. So you must not have met the lawyer, right? You might not have found it. I did not do it. And Lauer in his You might not have found it. I did not do it. And Lauer in his You might not have found it. I did not do it. And Lauer in his Meaning that at least he will be aware of the law. Meaning that at least he will be aware of the law. Meaning that at least he will be aware of the law. Brother, I should not do this. Brother, I should not do this. Brother, I should not do this. If you don't do it, I will be caught. If you don't do it, I will be caught. If you don't do it, I will be caught. But anyway, the [ __ ] police should also be aware. But anyway, the [ __ ] police should also be aware. But anyway, the [ __ ] police should also be aware. Needed [Laughter] Needed [Laughter] Needed [Laughter] Why do you look at me and say that? Why do you look at me and say that? Why do you look at me and say that? Meaning Noise Noise Meaning Noise Noise Meaning Noise Noise I think the police should be aware I think the police should be aware I think the police should be aware Needed Needed Needed Yes. Yes. Yes. They also feel the same. They also feel the same. They also feel the same. Or okay. Then lawyer, don't you think so? Or okay. Then lawyer, don't you think so? Or okay. Then lawyer, don't you think so? Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. You want to say something. You want to say something. You want to say something. Very common in lawyers Very common in lawyers Very common in lawyers This is very common among lawyers. This is very common among lawyers. This is very common among lawyers. You lawyer, put the second camera on this. This You lawyer, put the second camera on this. This You lawyer, put the second camera on this. This I have said it. Ma'am, you are a lawyer. you are a lawyer I have said it. Ma'am, you are a lawyer. you are a lawyer I have said it. Ma'am, you are a lawyer. you are a lawyer so you are ok so you are ok so you are ok These people had told us earlier also to do D These people had told us earlier also to do D These people had told us earlier also to do D We did not do it for the previous ones We did not do it for the previous ones We did not do it for the previous ones In the question. Well, we were wrong. In the question. Well, we were wrong. In the question. Well, we were wrong. Or okay, one moment, listen to the lawyer saying it himself. Or okay, one moment, listen to the lawyer saying it himself. Or okay, one moment, listen to the lawyer saying it himself. Hey, listen to me. Hey, listen to me. Hey, listen to me. Ma'am which one do you think it is? Ma'am which one do you think it is? Ma'am which one do you think it is? Yes ma'am. Lawyer You Think You Are Yes ma'am. Lawyer You Think You Are Yes ma'am. Lawyer You Think You Are Ma'am what about you? Lawyer? Ma'am what about you? Lawyer? Ma'am what about you? Lawyer? Loire Loire Loire I go the wee woo women. we made a mistake I go the wee woo women. we made a mistake I go the wee woo women. we made a mistake Not Listening to the Women. Let's list to the Not Listening to the Women. Let's list to the Not Listening to the Women. Let's list to the Women This Time. Women This Time. Women This Time. Lock the lawyer. His mouse moving, I saw you here. His mouse moving, I saw you here. His mouse moving, I saw you here. Pay? Pay? Pay? There is a guy sitting there like this. [Laughter] I am sure. look into my eyes I am sure. look into my eyes I am sure. look into my eyes I am sure. I am sure. I am sure. Let's do it. [Applause] You survived today, sir. As a lawyer. [Applause] You survived today, sir. As a lawyer. [Applause] You survived today, sir. As a lawyer. one second does this mean that today we one second does this mean that today we one second does this mean that today we Both have been sent to zero. Both have been sent to zero. Both have been sent to zero. What did you say? What did Sindhi brothers say? What did you say? What did Sindhi brothers say? What did you say? What did Sindhi brothers say? did? did? did? What did you say? What did you say? What did you say? Sindhi brother, scold the destruction. Sindhi brother, scold the destruction. Sindhi brother, scold the destruction. One second [laughs] applause Anushka One second [laughs] applause Anushka One second [laughs] applause Anushka For. Thank you so much. For. Thank you so much. For. Thank you so much. And well done to him. [Cheers] And well done to him. [Cheers] And well done to him. [Cheers] If nothing else [praise] we give you Domesh If nothing else [praise] we give you Domesh If nothing else [praise] we give you Domesh From the side of hey, I have to take this back crazy girl From the side of hey, I have to take this back crazy girl From the side of hey, I have to take this back crazy girl Give. [laughter] Carrie, come over to your side. it Give. [laughter] Carrie, come over to your side. it Give. [laughter] Carrie, come over to your side. it It is not for you, without any love words It is not for you, without any love words It is not for you, without any love words So you have to speak like this. Yes, okay. Ok. So you have to speak like this. Yes, okay. Ok. So you have to speak like this. Yes, okay. Ok. If nothing else, then for one of your love words, If nothing else, then for one of your love words, If nothing else, then for one of your love words, From Ramesh, Baba for your good luck From Ramesh, Baba for your good luck From Ramesh, Baba for your good luck Applause please. Thank you so much. Applause please. Thank you so much. Applause please. Thank you so much. [praise] If you react like this, I [praise] If you react like this, I [praise] If you react like this, I How will I keep it? How will I keep it? How will I keep it? again again again Let's do it again once. Brother, we all Let's do it again once. Brother, we all Let's do it again once. Brother, we all There are actors. Ok? Anushka in the full show There are actors. Ok? Anushka in the full show There are actors. Ok? Anushka in the full show You can do DL like this if you ever do this You can do DL like this if you ever do this You can do DL like this if you ever do this You should not accept it. [Laughter] You should not accept it. [Laughter] You should not accept it. [Laughter] When he turns towards you, you leave the envelope like this, When he turns towards you, you leave the envelope like this, When he turns towards you, you leave the envelope like this, Hit me with your hands. and revenge on me Hit me with your hands. and revenge on me Hit me with your hands. and revenge on me Take it out. To you Take it out. To you Take it out. To you Anushka, just take it, just take it. Anushka, just take it, just take it. Anushka, just take it, just take it. Okay, one second. hold on hold on. Okay, one second. hold on hold on. Okay, one second. hold on hold on. Make some nice for Anushka friend. thank you so Make some nice for Anushka friend. thank you so Make some nice for Anushka friend. thank you so Much for coming. [Cheers] Much for coming. [Cheers] Much for coming. [Cheers] We will give you something more from Damage. We will give you something more from Damage. We will give you something more from Damage. I want one word. [laughter] What is this? I want one word. [laughter] What is this? I want one word. [laughter] What is this? Thank you so much thank you guys. thank you thank you Thank you so much thank you guys. thank you thank you Thank you so much thank you guys. thank you thank you You. [cheering] Thanks for You. [cheering] Thanks for You. [cheering] Thanks for Run Kajwani Chirag Pajwani. Thank you so much Run Kajwani Chirag Pajwani. Thank you so much Run Kajwani Chirag Pajwani. Thank you so much For coming. A lot by take care. [Appreciation] For coming. A lot by take care. [Appreciation] For coming. A lot by take care. [Appreciation] And do visit.com. Thank you so much And do visit.com. Thank you so much And do visit.com. Thank you so much Supporting us. Make some nice for Damen Supporting us. Make some nice for Damen Supporting us. Make some nice for Damen See you. Bye take care. How are you? See you. Bye take care. How are you? See you. Bye take care. How are you? Is? I got angry. Is? I got angry. Is? I got angry. I think how much more than 20,000 we I think how much more than 20,000 we I think how much more than 20,000 we I know him more. I know him more. I know him more. ₹1,000 ₹1,000 ₹1,000 The ₹1,000 question [laughs] The ₹1,000 question [laughs] The ₹1,000 question [laughs] He puts any ad on Veet. Xi brother He puts any ad on Veet. Xi brother He puts any ad on Veet. Xi brother It is very little. Two [music] Three School I Am It is very little. Two [music] Three School I Am It is very little. Two [music] Three School I Am Wearing the match. Wearing the match. Wearing the match. I can see beyond the damage. I can see beyond the damage. I can see beyond the damage. It can be heard. There has been good lyrics [music]. It can be heard. There has been good lyrics [music]. It can be heard. There has been good lyrics [music]. Home damage inner wear should be heard. There's a lot of it now, but it There's a lot of it now, but it There's a lot of it now, but it This is what it was Which one did you do? How did you like it? Which one did you do? How did you like it? Which one did you do? How did you like it? I want Damage's panties. I want Damage's panties. I want Damage's panties. Because Damage Guys so great. Because I Because Damage Guys so great. Because I Because Damage Guys so great. Because I Get to Mean Judgmental People for the First Get to Mean Judgmental People for the First Get to Mean Judgmental People for the First Time in my life. I am there. I am not Time in my life. I am there. I am not Time in my life. I am there. I am not A judgmental person at. A judgmental person at. A judgmental person at. But Anushka is so bored. But Anushka is so bored. But Anushka is so bored. What an episode for We Women What an episode for We Women What an episode for We Women Empowerment. that we gave two girls to one Empowerment. that we gave two girls to one Empowerment. that we gave two girls to one Did not let me win the money. [laughter] Our today Did not let me win the money. [laughter] Our today Did not let me win the money. [laughter] Our today The takeaway is that being way good at the game The takeaway is that being way good at the game The takeaway is that being way good at the game he is bad he is bad he is bad It ends quickly. It ends quickly. It ends quickly. Once the drowning is over, we will talk again. Once the drowning is over, we will talk again. Once the drowning is over, we will talk again.