Today, in such heavy rain, I Today, in such heavy rain, I Today, in such heavy rain, I tried to make pizza and I never thought that something like this would happen in the end. tried to make pizza and I never thought that something like this would happen in the end. tried to make pizza and I never thought that something like this would happen in the end. So this So this So this morning a snake appeared at home and we were morning a snake appeared at home and we were morning a snake appeared at home and we were forced to kill it.  I forced to kill it.  I forced to kill it.  I apologize for the rest.  We shouldn't have killed at all. apologize for the rest.  We shouldn't have killed at all. apologize for the rest.  We shouldn't have killed at all. But there are small children in the house But there are small children in the house But there are small children in the house so we beat him.  I so we beat him.  I so we beat him.  I bury the rest under the soil.  Well, after bury the rest under the soil.  Well, after bury the rest under the soil.  Well, after some time it starts raining heavily. some time it starts raining heavily. some time it starts raining heavily. Our student also starts Our student also starts Our student also starts dripping as usual.  Then the same arrangement is made, a pot is dripping as usual.  Then the same arrangement is made, a pot is dripping as usual.  Then the same arrangement is made, a pot is placed somewhere and a bucket somewhere else to stop the water.  The placed somewhere and a bucket somewhere else to stop the water.  The placed somewhere and a bucket somewhere else to stop the water.  The rest is placed on a tarpaulin over the temple. rest is placed on a tarpaulin over the temple. rest is placed on a tarpaulin over the temple. I I I sit in the tractor to enjoy the rain.  But there were sit in the tractor to enjoy the rain.  But there were sit in the tractor to enjoy the rain.  But there were splashes of water.  Rest watch this splashes of water.  Rest watch this splashes of water.  Rest watch this with music. Then sister says let's make pizza in this much rain. Then sister says let's make pizza in this much rain. Then sister says let's make pizza in this much rain. Rest, I had Rest, I had Rest, I had brought some pizza ingredients from the market yesterday.  So brought some pizza ingredients from the market yesterday.  So brought some pizza ingredients from the market yesterday.  So today we will try making that.  But first we will today we will try making that.  But first we will today we will try making that.  But first we will try making it on roti.  What do we need for that? try making it on roti.  What do we need for that? try making it on roti.  What do we need for that? One roti, some remaining green vegetables and some One roti, some remaining green vegetables and some One roti, some remaining green vegetables and some pizza cheese.  First, I pizza cheese.  First, I pizza cheese.  First, I apply pizza sauce on the bread.  Then I apply pizza sauce on the bread.  Then I apply pizza sauce on the bread.  Then I put cheese on top of it.  Then I decorate the green vegetables put cheese on top of it.  Then I decorate the green vegetables put cheese on top of it.  Then I decorate the green vegetables like a bride.  Now look, it looks something like this. like a bride.  Now look, it looks something like this. like a bride.  Now look, it looks something like this. I will also try making the bread. I will also try making the bread. I will also try making the bread. I make the pizza by placing it on top of the pan. I make the pizza by placing it on top of the pan. I make the pizza by placing it on top of the pan. About 5 to 10 minutes.  It About 5 to 10 minutes.  It About 5 to 10 minutes.  It is finally ready.  But it's been quite a is finally ready.  But it's been quite a is finally ready.  But it's been quite a year down there.  Well, whatever it is, I give it to mom year down there.  Well, whatever it is, I give it to mom year down there.  Well, whatever it is, I give it to mom to eat.  Mom says it is well made.  That's all to eat.  Mom says it is well made.  That's all to eat.  Mom says it is well made.  That's all for today.