Hey everyone, it's Lou and welcome back. Hey everyone, it's Lou and welcome back. Hey everyone, it's Lou and welcome back. Today, I'm going to be telling you about Today, I'm going to be telling you about Today, I'm going to be telling you about Only Curls. Now, these are probably one Only Curls. Now, these are probably one Only Curls. Now, these are probably one of my all-time favorite hair brands. So, of my all-time favorite hair brands. So, of my all-time favorite hair brands. So, in this box just behind me is the Only in this box just behind me is the Only in this box just behind me is the Only Curls products. I have very, very kindly Curls products. I have very, very kindly Curls products. I have very, very kindly been gifted quite a fair bit of Only been gifted quite a fair bit of Only been gifted quite a fair bit of Only Curls and I couldn't be more happier Curls and I couldn't be more happier Curls and I couldn't be more happier with what they have sent. I think with what they have sent. I think with what they have sent. I think overall, Only Curls as a brand is just overall, Only Curls as a brand is just overall, Only Curls as a brand is just incredible. They really push you to wear incredible. They really push you to wear incredible. They really push you to wear your natural curls. They also focus on your natural curls. They also focus on your natural curls. They also focus on wavy hair, curly hair, coily hair. They wavy hair, curly hair, coily hair. They wavy hair, curly hair, coily hair. They have it all. Yeah, I just absolutely have it all. Yeah, I just absolutely have it all. Yeah, I just absolutely love them. So, I thought I'd make a love them. So, I thought I'd make a love them. So, I thought I'd make a little YouTube video on it today and little YouTube video on it today and little YouTube video on it today and tell you guys all about the products. tell you guys all about the products. tell you guys all about the products. So, So, So, this being the box that I actually have, this being the box that I actually have, this being the box that I actually have, I have so much products in here. This I have so much products in here. This I have so much products in here. This isn't all of it either. Like, honestly, isn't all of it either. Like, honestly, isn't all of it either. Like, honestly, they've been so good to me. Um, but I they've been so good to me. Um, but I they've been so good to me. Um, but I just wanted to show you guys a fair few just wanted to show you guys a fair few just wanted to show you guys a fair few bits of what my favorite products have bits of what my favorite products have bits of what my favorite products have been, what kind of situation you can use been, what kind of situation you can use been, what kind of situation you can use your hair products for. This is a hair your hair products for. This is a hair your hair products for. This is a hair mist and basically, you fill this up mist and basically, you fill this up mist and basically, you fill this up with water and it's a continuous spray. So, you get quite a lot of hair mist So, you get quite a lot of hair mist So, you get quite a lot of hair mist coming out of this. Also, very good for coming out of this. Also, very good for coming out of this. Also, very good for a hot day. I am going to admit now that a hot day. I am going to admit now that a hot day. I am going to admit now that I have used it when it's been very hot I have used it when it's been very hot I have used it when it's been very hot in the UK at the moment. We've been in the UK at the moment. We've been in the UK at the moment. We've been going through a heatwave. So, this has going through a heatwave. So, this has going through a heatwave. So, this has been perfect for that as well. But, I been perfect for that as well. But, I been perfect for that as well. But, I just love just love just love the hair mist. It's very good. I have the hair mist. It's very good. I have the hair mist. It's very good. I have had another one before, but I love how had another one before, but I love how had another one before, but I love how this bottle looks as well. The baby this bottle looks as well. The baby this bottle looks as well. The baby pink, the way that it says Only Curls on pink, the way that it says Only Curls on pink, the way that it says Only Curls on it. I think that looks really nice. And it. I think that looks really nice. And it. I think that looks really nice. And yeah, I just love it. I use this every yeah, I just love it. I use this every yeah, I just love it. I use this every pretty much every single day before a pretty much every single day before a pretty much every single day before a curly hair refresh. So, it's something curly hair refresh. So, it's something curly hair refresh. So, it's something that's never going to leave here that's never going to leave here that's never going to leave here forever. So, I have just been away on forever. So, I have just been away on forever. So, I have just been away on holiday and they had sent me the new holiday and they had sent me the new holiday and they had sent me the new travel kit. I absolutely love the case. travel kit. I absolutely love the case. travel kit. I absolutely love the case. It's a see-through one at the back and It's a see-through one at the back and It's a see-through one at the back and at the front it looks like this. Let me at the front it looks like this. Let me at the front it looks like this. Let me flip it around. If you have a look at flip it around. If you have a look at flip it around. If you have a look at that, it's embroidered embroidered? It's that, it's embroidered embroidered? It's that, it's embroidered embroidered? It's kind of I don't know what this is kind of I don't know what this is kind of I don't know what this is called, but it's been stamped kind of in called, but it's been stamped kind of in called, but it's been stamped kind of in there. It says Only Curls. I really like there. It says Only Curls. I really like there. It says Only Curls. I really like this look. Again, signature baby pink. this look. Again, signature baby pink. this look. Again, signature baby pink. And inside you get all four of the curly And inside you get all four of the curly And inside you get all four of the curly hair Well, you've got the enhancing curl hair Well, you've got the enhancing curl hair Well, you've got the enhancing curl gel, hydrating curl cream, or curl gel, hydrating curl cream, or curl gel, hydrating curl cream, or curl cleanser, and or curl conditioner. So, cleanser, and or curl conditioner. So, cleanser, and or curl conditioner. So, this is basically this is basically this is basically what I use in the shower every single what I use in the shower every single what I use in the shower every single hair wash. Like, this is just my hair wash. Like, this is just my hair wash. Like, this is just my favorite. I love the way it leaves my favorite. I love the way it leaves my favorite. I love the way it leaves my hair every single time. And this just hair every single time. And this just hair every single time. And this just the four step my steps like this is like the four step my steps like this is like the four step my steps like this is like my go-to. I absolutely love them. I have my go-to. I absolutely love them. I have my go-to. I absolutely love them. I have reviewed them on TikTok, and I have reviewed them on TikTok, and I have reviewed them on TikTok, and I have absolutely loved how they have left my absolutely loved how they have left my absolutely loved how they have left my hair. Again, kind of in relation with hair. Again, kind of in relation with hair. Again, kind of in relation with the travel, I got sent the volumizing the travel, I got sent the volumizing the travel, I got sent the volumizing curl mousse in the small size. This is curl mousse in the small size. This is curl mousse in the small size. This is the travel size. This is the regular the travel size. This is the regular the travel size. This is the regular size. So, there's the difference there. size. So, there's the difference there. size. So, there's the difference there. I really like this curl mousse. I am I really like this curl mousse. I am I really like this curl mousse. I am such a mousse girly to the point where such a mousse girly to the point where such a mousse girly to the point where like I will try as many as possible, but like I will try as many as possible, but like I will try as many as possible, but this one is very good. It's kind of a this one is very good. It's kind of a this one is very good. It's kind of a lightweight mousse as well. Like, some lightweight mousse as well. Like, some lightweight mousse as well. Like, some mousses can leave your hair feeling mousses can leave your hair feeling mousses can leave your hair feeling really crunchy, whereas this doesn't really crunchy, whereas this doesn't really crunchy, whereas this doesn't really do that. Keeps it all in place, really do that. Keeps it all in place, really do that. Keeps it all in place, obviously enhances the curls, and it obviously enhances the curls, and it obviously enhances the curls, and it just works really well for my hair. So, just works really well for my hair. So, just works really well for my hair. So, I'm obsessed with the curl mousse. Yeah, I'm obsessed with the curl mousse. Yeah, I'm obsessed with the curl mousse. Yeah, it's really good. it's really good. it's really good. This is important for all curlies and This is important for all curlies and This is important for all curlies and all hair types in general. It is heat all hair types in general. It is heat all hair types in general. It is heat protect spray. Now, this is a good size protect spray. Now, this is a good size protect spray. Now, this is a good size as well. This is pretty thick. I got as well. This is pretty thick. I got as well. This is pretty thick. I got sent another one also over here. So, I sent another one also over here. So, I sent another one also over here. So, I have two of these now. But, yeah, these have two of these now. But, yeah, these have two of these now. But, yeah, these are very, very important for your hair are very, very important for your hair are very, very important for your hair routine, especially if you diffuse or, routine, especially if you diffuse or, routine, especially if you diffuse or, you know, use any other kind of heat you know, use any other kind of heat you know, use any other kind of heat products. Definitely always use your products. Definitely always use your products. Definitely always use your heat protectant on your hair. Keep it heat protectant on your hair. Keep it heat protectant on your hair. Keep it protected, guys. Come on now. Come on protected, guys. Come on now. Come on protected, guys. Come on now. Come on now. I did a little TikTok for Only now. I did a little TikTok for Only now. I did a little TikTok for Only Curls, and they kindly again DM'd me and Curls, and they kindly again DM'd me and Curls, and they kindly again DM'd me and said, "Thank you so much for the TikTok. said, "Thank you so much for the TikTok. said, "Thank you so much for the TikTok. We want to send you some products. Um We want to send you some products. Um We want to send you some products. Um ask for anything and we'll send you them ask for anything and we'll send you them ask for anything and we'll send you them over as a thank you." So, that was over as a thank you." So, that was over as a thank you." So, that was absolutely again like they don't even absolutely again like they don't even absolutely again like they don't even have to do that. Like, I'm so grateful have to do that. Like, I'm so grateful have to do that. Like, I'm so grateful for them. They're so good with their for them. They're so good with their for them. They're so good with their customers. Love them. Love you, Only customers. Love them. Love you, Only customers. Love them. Love you, Only Curls. So, I ended up choosing the Curls. So, I ended up choosing the Curls. So, I ended up choosing the leave-in cream and the enhancing curl leave-in cream and the enhancing curl leave-in cream and the enhancing curl gel. I've never tried this before, and gel. I've never tried this before, and gel. I've never tried this before, and for me, I don't think a leave-in for me, I don't think a leave-in for me, I don't think a leave-in is for my hair. Maybe I'm doing it is for my hair. Maybe I'm doing it is for my hair. Maybe I'm doing it wrong. Maybe I'm applying it in a wrong. Maybe I'm applying it in a wrong. Maybe I'm applying it in a different way. I'm not sure, but I will different way. I'm not sure, but I will different way. I'm not sure, but I will say that I think I might have to get say that I think I might have to get say that I think I might have to get used to these. used to these. used to these. I don't know why they don't work with my I don't know why they don't work with my I don't know why they don't work with my hair too well, but again, hair too well, but again, hair too well, but again, maybe leave in the comments down below maybe leave in the comments down below maybe leave in the comments down below how you use your leave-in, and maybe I how you use your leave-in, and maybe I how you use your leave-in, and maybe I can try that out. And again, the hair can try that out. And again, the hair can try that out. And again, the hair gel just keeps all your curls in place gel just keeps all your curls in place gel just keeps all your curls in place after your hair wash and style. Now, I haven't used this just yet, but Now, I haven't used this just yet, but Now, I haven't used this just yet, but this is a deep hydration hair mask, and this is a deep hydration hair mask, and this is a deep hydration hair mask, and I'm really excited to use this. This is I'm really excited to use this. This is I'm really excited to use this. This is what they sent to me for my travel, and what they sent to me for my travel, and what they sent to me for my travel, and I didn't end up using it, but it smells I didn't end up using it, but it smells I didn't end up using it, but it smells really nice, and really nice, and really nice, and you know, after your hair's been in the you know, after your hair's been in the you know, after your hair's been in the sun, in the sea, in the pool, like it sun, in the sea, in the pool, like it sun, in the sea, in the pool, like it definitely needs that refresh, and I'm definitely needs that refresh, and I'm definitely needs that refresh, and I'm very excited. very excited. very excited. And I'm very excited to use this hair And I'm very excited to use this hair And I'm very excited to use this hair mask. Hair masks are quite important as mask. Hair masks are quite important as mask. Hair masks are quite important as well. Like, I don't do them enough. I well. Like, I don't do them enough. I well. Like, I don't do them enough. I will admit that. So, yes, this is will admit that. So, yes, this is will admit that. So, yes, this is something that I could test maybe on a something that I could test maybe on a something that I could test maybe on a YouTube video, maybe on TikTok. Let me YouTube video, maybe on TikTok. Let me YouTube video, maybe on TikTok. Let me know down below in the comments if you know down below in the comments if you know down below in the comments if you guys want to see anything specific, guys want to see anything specific, guys want to see anything specific, whether it's on TikTok or YouTube, I whether it's on TikTok or YouTube, I whether it's on TikTok or YouTube, I will be happy to do so. So, these are will be happy to do so. So, these are will be happy to do so. So, these are the other two products I did ask for the other two products I did ask for the other two products I did ask for also. So, we have the Shine and Define also. So, we have the Shine and Define also. So, we have the Shine and Define serum, and we have the Nourishing Hair serum, and we have the Nourishing Hair serum, and we have the Nourishing Hair Oil. Now, this serum I have used before. Oil. Now, this serum I have used before. Oil. Now, this serum I have used before. Again, I think my hair struggles with Again, I think my hair struggles with Again, I think my hair struggles with certain products, certain products, certain products, >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> and that being mainly a leave-in >> and that being mainly a leave-in >> and that being mainly a leave-in conditioner and a hair conditioner and a hair conditioner and a hair serum. I think it may leaves my hair serum. I think it may leaves my hair serum. I think it may leaves my hair feeling a bit too feeling a bit too feeling a bit too like, I don't know how to explain it. like, I don't know how to explain it. like, I don't know how to explain it. Stuck together, and it makes it looks a Stuck together, and it makes it looks a Stuck together, and it makes it looks a little bit greasy. Now, that's the little bit greasy. Now, that's the little bit greasy. Now, that's the serum. Hair oil, I haven't actually used serum. Hair oil, I haven't actually used serum. Hair oil, I haven't actually used this yet, because I am a sucker for Let this yet, because I am a sucker for Let this yet, because I am a sucker for Let me find it. Now, this isn't Only Curls, me find it. Now, this isn't Only Curls, me find it. Now, this isn't Only Curls, but this is Pantene hair oil. It's but this is Pantene hair oil. It's but this is Pantene hair oil. It's probably one of my favorite products of probably one of my favorite products of probably one of my favorite products of all time. Like, I will never not not use all time. Like, I will never not not use all time. Like, I will never not not use this. But, I haven't tried this out yet this. But, I haven't tried this out yet this. But, I haven't tried this out yet cuz I want to obviously use this up cuz I want to obviously use this up cuz I want to obviously use this up before I move on to this. But, again, before I move on to this. But, again, before I move on to this. But, again, like, hair oil is probably a staple in like, hair oil is probably a staple in like, hair oil is probably a staple in my curly hair routine just because it my curly hair routine just because it my curly hair routine just because it always leaves my hair feeling a lot more always leaves my hair feeling a lot more always leaves my hair feeling a lot more lighter, bouncier, softer-looking. Oh my lighter, bouncier, softer-looking. Oh my lighter, bouncier, softer-looking. Oh my god, look at Look at it right now. I god, look at Look at it right now. I god, look at Look at it right now. I will always always have a hair oil. It will always always have a hair oil. It will always always have a hair oil. It comes in this gorgeous bottle as well. comes in this gorgeous bottle as well. comes in this gorgeous bottle as well. This is actually glass, and it's just This is actually glass, and it's just This is actually glass, and it's just really beautiful. And I can't wait to really beautiful. And I can't wait to really beautiful. And I can't wait to use this. I'm just going to give it a use this. I'm just going to give it a use this. I'm just going to give it a smell and see how it does smell. smell and see how it does smell. smell and see how it does smell. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. It's nice. It smells good. It's nice. It smells good. It's nice. It smells good. I've not opened this because I do I've not opened this because I do I've not opened this because I do actually have another one, but it's a actually have another one, but it's a actually have another one, but it's a microfiber towel. And you guys, again, microfiber towel. And you guys, again, microfiber towel. And you guys, again, for curly girls, if you're wanting to for curly girls, if you're wanting to for curly girls, if you're wanting to protect them that little bit extra, protect them that little bit extra, protect them that little bit extra, always use a microfiber towel. Or a always use a microfiber towel. Or a always use a microfiber towel. Or a cotton T-shirt will do the job. But, you cotton T-shirt will do the job. But, you cotton T-shirt will do the job. But, you know, Only Curls sell little microfiber know, Only Curls sell little microfiber know, Only Curls sell little microfiber towels, and I love them. They are very towels, and I love them. They are very towels, and I love them. They are very good, and I always do use them. So, good, and I always do use them. So, good, and I always do use them. So, yeah, guys, that is kind of like my yeah, guys, that is kind of like my yeah, guys, that is kind of like my go-to products, especially at the go-to products, especially at the go-to products, especially at the moment. I am absolutely obsessed with moment. I am absolutely obsessed with moment. I am absolutely obsessed with them. I remember at the beginning of the them. I remember at the beginning of the them. I remember at the beginning of the year, I will place a photo here. I think year, I will place a photo here. I think year, I will place a photo here. I think it was in January. I took a photo next it was in January. I took a photo next it was in January. I took a photo next to the Only Curls stand, and I said to to the Only Curls stand, and I said to to the Only Curls stand, and I said to my boyfriend, I was like, "This year, I my boyfriend, I was like, "This year, I my boyfriend, I was like, "This year, I want to do something with Only Curls." I want to do something with Only Curls." I want to do something with Only Curls." I guess getting sent stuff from a brand is guess getting sent stuff from a brand is guess getting sent stuff from a brand is really special, and honestly, I can't really special, and honestly, I can't really special, and honestly, I can't thank them enough. Again, they leave my thank them enough. Again, they leave my thank them enough. Again, they leave my hair feeling incredible. They've got hair feeling incredible. They've got hair feeling incredible. They've got stuff every occasion, whether it's stuff every occasion, whether it's stuff every occasion, whether it's holiday, whether it's something like a holiday, whether it's something like a holiday, whether it's something like a night out, whether it's just everyday night out, whether it's just everyday night out, whether it's just everyday kind of kind of kind of day-to-day stuff, which reminds me, day-to-day stuff, which reminds me, day-to-day stuff, which reminds me, I also got the Curl Refresh spray, which I also got the Curl Refresh spray, which I also got the Curl Refresh spray, which I haven't really used these often, but I haven't really used these often, but I haven't really used these often, but this is really nice as well. It smells this is really nice as well. It smells this is really nice as well. It smells delicious. And yeah, delicious. And yeah, delicious. And yeah, Curl Refresh sprays are great. Curl Refresh sprays are great. Curl Refresh sprays are great. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> I just I just love Only Curls, okay? >> I just I just love Only Curls, okay? >> I just I just love Only Curls, okay? What can I do? Products are just 10/10, What can I do? Products are just 10/10, What can I do? Products are just 10/10, and my hair just seems to really love and my hair just seems to really love and my hair just seems to really love it. Obviously, different hair types are it. Obviously, different hair types are it. Obviously, different hair types are very different and work different ways very different and work different ways very different and work different ways with different products and I just think with different products and I just think with different products and I just think that I am happy to kind of share the that I am happy to kind of share the that I am happy to kind of share the fact that I do love Only Curls because fact that I do love Only Curls because fact that I do love Only Curls because they just are that girl. You guys want they just are that girl. You guys want they just are that girl. You guys want to know any other, you know, brands that to know any other, you know, brands that to know any other, you know, brands that I use, any specific products that I use, I use, any specific products that I use, I use, any specific products that I use, like let me know down below and I can be like let me know down below and I can be like let me know down below and I can be sure to do a tutorial or anything sure to do a tutorial or anything sure to do a tutorial or anything >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> of the sort. I'll leave my TikTok down >> of the sort. I'll leave my TikTok down >> of the sort. I'll leave my TikTok down below because I do do quite a lot of below because I do do quite a lot of below because I do do quite a lot of curly hair content on there. So, guys, curly hair content on there. So, guys, curly hair content on there. So, guys, be sure to check them out. If you want be sure to check them out. If you want be sure to check them out. If you want any in-depth tutorials, let me know in any in-depth tutorials, let me know in any in-depth tutorials, let me know in the comments down below. And Only Curls, the comments down below. And Only Curls, the comments down below. And Only Curls, I love you so so much, always will. I love you so so much, always will. I love you so so much, always will. Thank you for everything that you have Thank you for everything that you have Thank you for everything that you have sent me. I cannot be more grateful and I sent me. I cannot be more grateful and I sent me. I cannot be more grateful and I absolutely adore your brand. So, thank absolutely adore your brand. So, thank absolutely adore your brand. So, thank you. Love you guys. you. Love you guys. you. Love you guys. So, thank you guys so much for watching So, thank you guys so much for watching So, thank you guys so much for watching today's video and I will see you all in today's video and I will see you all in today's video and I will see you all in the next one. Bye, guys.