Hey everyone, it's Lou and welcome back.
Today, I'm going to be telling you about
Only Curls. Now, these are probably one
of my all-time favorite hair brands. So,
in this box just behind me is the Only
Curls products. I have very, very kindly
been gifted quite a fair bit of Only
Curls and I couldn't be more happier
with what they have sent. I think
overall, Only Curls as a brand is just
incredible. They really push you to wear
your natural curls. They also focus on
wavy hair, curly hair, coily hair. They
have it all. Yeah, I just absolutely
love them. So, I thought I'd make a
little YouTube video on it today and
tell you guys all about the products.
So,
this being the box that I actually have,
I have so much products in here. This
isn't all of it either. Like, honestly,
they've been so good to me. Um, but I
just wanted to show you guys a fair few
bits of what my favorite products have
been, what kind of situation you can use
your hair products for. This is a hair
mist and basically, you fill this up
with water and it's a continuous spray.
So, you get quite a lot of hair mist
coming out of this. Also, very good for
a hot day. I am going to admit now that
I have used it when it's been very hot
in the UK at the moment. We've been
going through a heatwave. So, this has
been perfect for that as well. But, I
just love
the hair mist. It's very good. I have
had another one before, but I love how
this bottle looks as well. The baby
pink, the way that it says Only Curls on
it. I think that looks really nice. And
yeah, I just love it. I use this every
pretty much every single day before a
curly hair refresh. So, it's something
that's never going to leave here
forever. So, I have just been away on
holiday and they had sent me the new
travel kit. I absolutely love the case.
It's a see-through one at the back and
at the front it looks like this. Let me
flip it around. If you have a look at
that, it's embroidered embroidered? It's
kind of I don't know what this is
called, but it's been stamped kind of in
there. It says Only Curls. I really like
this look. Again, signature baby pink.
And inside you get all four of the curly
hair Well, you've got the enhancing curl
gel, hydrating curl cream, or curl
cleanser, and or curl conditioner. So,
this is basically
what I use in the shower every single
hair wash. Like, this is just my
favorite. I love the way it leaves my
hair every single time. And this just
the four step my steps like this is like
my go-to. I absolutely love them. I have
reviewed them on TikTok, and I have
absolutely loved how they have left my
hair. Again, kind of in relation with
the travel, I got sent the volumizing
curl mousse in the small size. This is
the travel size. This is the regular
size. So, there's the difference there.
I really like this curl mousse. I am
such a mousse girly to the point where
like I will try as many as possible, but
this one is very good. It's kind of a
lightweight mousse as well. Like, some
mousses can leave your hair feeling
really crunchy, whereas this doesn't
really do that. Keeps it all in place,
obviously enhances the curls, and it
just works really well for my hair. So,
I'm obsessed with the curl mousse. Yeah,
it's really good.
This is important for all curlies and
all hair types in general. It is heat
protect spray. Now, this is a good size
as well. This is pretty thick. I got
sent another one also over here. So, I
have two of these now. But, yeah, these
are very, very important for your hair
routine, especially if you diffuse or,
you know, use any other kind of heat
products. Definitely always use your
heat protectant on your hair. Keep it
protected, guys. Come on now. Come on
now. I did a little TikTok for Only
Curls, and they kindly again DM'd me and
said, "Thank you so much for the TikTok.
We want to send you some products. Um
ask for anything and we'll send you them
over as a thank you." So, that was
absolutely again like they don't even
have to do that. Like, I'm so grateful
for them. They're so good with their
customers. Love them. Love you, Only
Curls. So, I ended up choosing the
leave-in cream and the enhancing curl
gel. I've never tried this before, and
for me, I don't think a leave-in
is for my hair. Maybe I'm doing it
wrong. Maybe I'm applying it in a
different way. I'm not sure, but I will
say that I think I might have to get
used to these.
I don't know why they don't work with my
hair too well, but again,
maybe leave in the comments down below
how you use your leave-in, and maybe I
can try that out. And again, the hair
gel just keeps all your curls in place
after your hair wash and style.
Now, I haven't used this just yet, but
this is a deep hydration hair mask, and
I'm really excited to use this. This is
what they sent to me for my travel, and
I didn't end up using it, but it smells
really nice, and
you know, after your hair's been in the
sun, in the sea, in the pool, like it
definitely needs that refresh, and I'm
very excited.
And I'm very excited to use this hair
mask. Hair masks are quite important as
well. Like, I don't do them enough. I
will admit that. So, yes, this is
something that I could test maybe on a
YouTube video, maybe on TikTok. Let me
know down below in the comments if you
guys want to see anything specific,
whether it's on TikTok or YouTube, I
will be happy to do so. So, these are
the other two products I did ask for
also. So, we have the Shine and Define
serum, and we have the Nourishing Hair
Oil. Now, this serum I have used before.
Again, I think my hair struggles with
certain products,
and that being mainly a leave-in
conditioner and a hair
serum. I think it may leaves my hair
feeling a bit too
like, I don't know how to explain it.
Stuck together, and it makes it looks a
little bit greasy. Now, that's the
serum. Hair oil, I haven't actually used
this yet, because I am a sucker for Let
me find it. Now, this isn't Only Curls,
but this is Pantene hair oil. It's
probably one of my favorite products of
all time. Like, I will never not not use
this. But, I haven't tried this out yet
cuz I want to obviously use this up
before I move on to this. But, again,
like, hair oil is probably a staple in
my curly hair routine just because it
always leaves my hair feeling a lot more
lighter, bouncier, softer-looking. Oh my
god, look at Look at it right now. I
will always always have a hair oil. It
comes in this gorgeous bottle as well.
This is actually glass, and it's just
really beautiful. And I can't wait to
use this. I'm just going to give it a
smell and see how it does smell.
Ooh.
It's nice. It smells good.
I've not opened this because I do
actually have another one, but it's a
microfiber towel. And you guys, again,
for curly girls, if you're wanting to
protect them that little bit extra,
always use a microfiber towel. Or a
cotton T-shirt will do the job. But, you
know, Only Curls sell little microfiber
towels, and I love them. They are very
good, and I always do use them. So,
yeah, guys, that is kind of like my
go-to products, especially at the
moment. I am absolutely obsessed with
them. I remember at the beginning of the
year, I will place a photo here. I think
it was in January. I took a photo next
to the Only Curls stand, and I said to
my boyfriend, I was like, "This year, I
want to do something with Only Curls." I
guess getting sent stuff from a brand is
really special, and honestly, I can't
thank them enough. Again, they leave my
hair feeling incredible. They've got
stuff every occasion, whether it's
holiday, whether it's something like a
night out, whether it's just everyday
kind of
day-to-day stuff, which reminds me,
I also got the Curl Refresh spray, which
I haven't really used these often, but
this is really nice as well. It smells
delicious. And yeah,
Curl Refresh sprays are great.
I just I just love Only Curls, okay?
What can I do? Products are just 10/10,
and my hair just seems to really love
it. Obviously, different hair types are
very different and work different ways
with different products and I just think
that I am happy to kind of share the
fact that I do love Only Curls because
they just are that girl. You guys want
to know any other, you know, brands that
I use, any specific products that I use,
like let me know down below and I can be
sure to do a tutorial or anything
of the sort. I'll leave my TikTok down
below because I do do quite a lot of
curly hair content on there. So, guys,
be sure to check them out. If you want
any in-depth tutorials, let me know in
the comments down below. And Only Curls,
I love you so so much, always will.
Thank you for everything that you have
sent me. I cannot be more grateful and I
absolutely adore your brand. So, thank
you. Love you guys.
So, thank you guys so much for watching
today's video and I will see you all in
the next one. Bye, guys.
