How do you actually use one of these things? How do you actually use one of these things? How do you actually use one of these things? Here's a step-by-step guide. Here's a step-by-step guide. Here's a step-by-step guide. I'm Sarah, your I'm Sarah, your I'm Sarah, your online big sister, and I'm going to explain everything that online big sister, and I'm going to explain everything that nobody else explains. First of all, you have your period. nobody else explains. First of all, you have your period. nobody else explains. First of all, you have your period. You take your tampon and You take your tampon and You take your tampon and go to the toilet. Then you wash or go to the toilet. Then you wash or go to the toilet. Then you wash or disinfect your hands. Open disinfect your hands. Open disinfect your hands. Open a tampon like this, and then you untie a tampon like this, and then you untie a tampon like this, and then you untie the string. Take it in your the string. Take it in your the string. Take it in your fingers and start inserting it. fingers and start inserting it. fingers and start inserting it. If you're using a tampon for the first time, If you're using a tampon for the first time, If you're using a tampon for the first time, use a mirror and squat use a mirror and squat use a mirror and squat over it so you know where it goes. over it so you know where it goes. over it so you know where it goes. Then you position it, hold it with your Then you position it, hold it with your Then you position it, hold it with your finger, and push it in. That was finger, and push it in. That was finger, and push it in. That was a very uncomfortable demonstration. a very uncomfortable demonstration. a very uncomfortable demonstration. The tampon isn't in like this. You have to The tampon isn't in like this. You have to The tampon isn't in like this. You have to insert the tampon about this far. insert the tampon about this far. insert the tampon about this far. I hope my family doesn't see this. If I hope my family doesn't see this. If I hope my family doesn't see this. If you feel it and it's pressing you feel it and it's pressing you feel it and it's pressing or hurting a bit, pull the or hurting a bit, pull the or hurting a bit, pull the string out a little string out a little string out a little and insert it again from the beginning. and insert it again from the beginning. and insert it again from the beginning. After that, wash your hands, pull up your pants, After that, wash your hands, pull up your pants, After that, wash your hands, pull up your pants, and you're done. Hey, here's a video on how to and you're done. Hey, here's a video on how to and you're done. Hey, here's a video on how to remove a tampon. Follow me so you don't miss it. remove a tampon. Follow me so you don't miss it. remove a tampon. Follow me so you don't miss it. What was your experience like?  Funniest What was your experience like?  Funniest What was your experience like?  Funniest experience with tampons? Feel free to write it experience with tampons? Feel free to write it experience with tampons? Feel free to write it in the comments online. Big in the comments online. Big in the comments online. Big sister Sara