Get out of my house. Get out of my house. Get out of my house. Hey, what happened?   Are you Hey, what happened?   Are you Hey, what happened?   Are you seeing brother how my family is treating me seeing brother how my family is treating me seeing brother how my family is treating me ? ? ? What happened? What happened? What happened? What did these people not do to us?  These What did these people not do to us?  These What did these people not do to us?  These people had to listen to bhajans early in the morning. people had to listen to bhajans early in the morning. people had to listen to bhajans early in the morning. Yes. Yes. Yes. Brought home theatre. Brought home theatre. Brought home theatre. Good.   There was Good.   There was Good.   There was no iron in the house. no iron in the house. no iron in the house. Brought the iron. Brought the iron. Brought the iron. very nice. very nice. very nice. Mom was having difficulty grinding the spices. Mom was having difficulty grinding the spices. Mom was having difficulty grinding the spices. Yes. Yes. Yes. Brought the mixer. Brought the mixer. Brought the mixer. very nice. very nice. very nice. You stole everything and brought it here. You stole everything and brought it here. You stole everything and brought it here. If you have such a problem with money, then there is If you have such a problem with money, then there is If you have such a problem with money, then there is an app in the Play Store, Son. an app in the Play Store, Son. an app in the Play Store, Son. Earn money by playing games there. Earn money by playing games there. Earn money by playing games there. How brother?  Look, How brother?  Look, How brother?  Look, here if you play any game for 20 minutes then here if you play any game for 20 minutes then here if you play any game for 20 minutes then you will get 26 gems which is equal to ₹12. you will get 26 gems which is equal to ₹12. you will get 26 gems which is equal to ₹12. Play games comfortably, Play games comfortably, Play games comfortably, collect money, make bank transfers. collect money, make bank transfers. collect money, make bank transfers. More than money in your bank account the link to this app is More than money in your bank account the link to this app is More than money in your bank account the link to this app is in my bio.  Quickly in my bio.  Quickly in my bio.  Quickly go there and download and sign up. go there and download and sign up. go there and download and sign up. You will get ₹7 instant signup bonus. You will get ₹7 instant signup bonus. You will get ₹7 instant signup bonus. Hey, thank you so much brother.  very nice man. Hey, thank you so much brother.  very nice man. Hey, thank you so much brother.  very nice man. Very good.  Okay 1 minute 1 minute 1 minute I'm coming Very good.  Okay 1 minute 1 minute 1 minute I'm coming Very good.  Okay 1 minute 1 minute 1 minute I'm coming one minute. one minute. one minute. What happened? What happened? What happened? Brother, this Ernawa stole your house in front of you. Brother, this Ernawa stole your house in front of you. Brother, this Ernawa stole your house in front of you.