To convince Pihu, I made Bihi chaat. To convince Pihu, I made Bihi chaat. To convince Pihu, I made Bihi chaat. But everything went wrong.  Because as But everything went wrong.  Because as But everything went wrong.  Because as soon as I woke up this morning, Pihu soon as I woke up this morning, Pihu soon as I woke up this morning, Pihu brought me straight to the Bihi tree. brought me straight to the Bihi tree. brought me straight to the Bihi tree. But I ignored it and But I ignored it and But I ignored it and came near the well, took a shower and went inside the house.  But came near the well, took a shower and went inside the house.  But came near the well, took a shower and went inside the house.  But after this I had to immediately climb the tree after this I had to immediately climb the tree after this I had to immediately climb the tree and pluck so many edible behis and and pluck so many edible behis and and pluck so many edible behis and when I gave them to Pihu, she washed all the behis when I gave them to Pihu, she washed all the behis when I gave them to Pihu, she washed all the behis thoroughly and brought them home and we were thoroughly and brought them home and we were thoroughly and brought them home and we were cutting them to make chaat.  But suddenly something went cutting them to make chaat.  But suddenly something went cutting them to make chaat.  But suddenly something went wrong and I had to wrong and I had to wrong and I had to rush to the hospital immediately.  And rush to the hospital immediately.  And when we reached home after getting the neighbour brother who had come with us bandaged, Pihu immediately when we reached home after getting the neighbour brother who had come with us bandaged, Pihu immediately when we reached home after getting the neighbour brother who had come with us bandaged, Pihu immediately brought some spices. brought some spices. brought some spices. After putting it in and hurriedly tasting it, she said that she was After putting it in and hurriedly tasting it, she said that she was After putting it in and hurriedly tasting it, she said that she was not enjoying it. not enjoying it. not enjoying it. So she immediately picked up the packet of chilli powder. So she immediately picked up the packet of chilli powder. So she immediately picked up the packet of chilli powder. Which after mixing it I will sweat. Which after mixing it I will sweat. Which after mixing it I will sweat. This is correct.  But the problem arose This is correct.  But the problem arose This is correct.  But the problem arose when when when Pihu ate the spicy chaat after it fell on the bed.