Hello Guys, Welcome to my YouTube channel.  And Hello Guys, Welcome to my YouTube channel.  And Hello Guys, Welcome to my YouTube channel.  And today guys, we will discuss about Good WIPS today guys, we will discuss about Good WIPS today guys, we will discuss about Good WIPS sunscreen, what is it sunscreen, what is it sunscreen, what is it ?  What are its benefits? ?  What are its benefits? ?  What are its benefits? Which skin is it best for? Which skin is it best for? Which skin is it best for? We will discuss all these things in today's We will discuss all these things in today's We will discuss all these things in today's video.  So, first of all let me tell you that this video.  So, first of all let me tell you that this video.  So, first of all let me tell you that this product is a GWS product is a GWS product is a GWS product.  All the products of Goodwi product.  All the products of Goodwi product.  All the products of Goodwi , no matter what they are, do , no matter what they are, do not have any harmful effects on you.  The first thing that happens is not have any harmful effects on you.  The first thing that happens is not have any harmful effects on you.  The first thing that happens is in the GWIS product.  Then this in the GWIS product.  Then this in the GWIS product.  Then this sunscreen has SPF 30 and P sunscreen has SPF 30 and P sunscreen has SPF 30 and P plus plus plus.  This means that it protects plus plus plus.  This means that it protects your body very well from whatever UV rays you are exposed to. your body very well from whatever UV rays you are exposed to. your body very well from whatever UV rays you are exposed to. Its quantity is Its quantity is Its quantity is 50 grams.  And this is 50 grams.  And this is 50 grams.  And this is in gel form. in gel form. in gel form. We should always use sunscreen We should always use sunscreen We should always use sunscreen whenever we are going out anywhere. whenever we are going out anywhere. whenever we are going out anywhere. Whenever you go out of the house, you must Whenever you go out of the house, you must Whenever you go out of the house, you must apply sunscreen. apply sunscreen. apply sunscreen. What happens because of this?  Firstly, all the dust particles present in your skin do What happens because of this?  Firstly, all the dust particles present in your skin do not enter.  Keeps your skin very not enter.  Keeps your skin very not enter.  Keeps your skin very healthy. healthy. healthy. Keeps it protected.  If you are going to any polluted place, Keeps it protected.  If you are going to any polluted place, Keeps it protected.  If you are going to any polluted place, you should definitely you should definitely you should definitely apply sunscreen before going out of the house.  Ok?   First of all, apply sunscreen before going out of the house.  Ok?   First of all, apply sunscreen before going out of the house.  Ok?   First of all, I have told you its quantity. I have told you its quantity. I have told you its quantity. Its MRP is almost something like Rs Its MRP is almost something like Rs Its MRP is almost something like Rs 300.  Its MRP 300.  Its MRP 300.  Its MRP price is Rs 275.  And in this, price is Rs 275.  And in this, price is Rs 275.  And in this, all the detailing is also written that in this, any all the detailing is also written that in this, any all the detailing is also written that in this, any harmful harmful harmful things are not mixed in excess. things are not mixed in excess. things are not mixed in excess. So it is written in it that no So it is written in it that no So it is written in it that no animal testing.  Ok?  That means animal testing.  Ok?  That means animal testing.  Ok?  That means it has not been tested in any way. it has not been tested in any way. it has not been tested in any way. And now let me show you by opening it. And now let me show you by opening it. And now let me show you by opening it. This is in gel form. This is in gel form. This is in gel form. Look, Look, Look, this is in gel form.   A this is in gel form.   A this is in gel form.   A lot of it will get absorbed in your skin lot of it will get absorbed in your skin lot of it will get absorbed in your skin in some time and look at your skin, in some time and look at your skin, in some time and look at your skin, it will look very good, meaning even it will look very good, meaning even it will look very good, meaning even if you are going out of the house after applying only sunscreen, if you are going out of the house after applying only sunscreen, if you are going out of the house after applying only sunscreen, your skin will be very healthy. your skin will be very healthy. your skin will be very healthy. So whenever you go out of the house, always So whenever you go out of the house, always So whenever you go out of the house, always apply sunscreen before going out. apply sunscreen before going out. apply sunscreen before going out. You guys.  Your You guys.  Your You guys.  Your skin will be very good.  It will skin will be very good.  It will skin will be very good.  It will remain very healthy and will remain very healthy and will remain very healthy and will protect you from all the polluted things. protect you from all the polluted things. protect you from all the polluted things. So this So this So this is the sunscreen from Good WIPS, guys.  So I thought that is the sunscreen from Good WIPS, guys.  So I thought that is the sunscreen from Good WIPS, guys.  So I thought that I should definitely share its review and demo with you guys I should definitely share its review and demo with you guys I should definitely share its review and demo with you guys because there are many sunscreens because there are many sunscreens because there are many sunscreens available but the problem is that this available but the problem is that this available but the problem is that this sunscreen is for oily skin type, sunscreen is for oily skin type, sunscreen is for oily skin type, so you guys can use it for anyone whose skin so you guys can use it for anyone whose skin so you guys can use it for anyone whose skin is rough or oily, is rough or oily, is rough or oily, this is best for oily skin type and there are this is best for oily skin type and there are this is best for oily skin type and there are many sunscreens available but if many sunscreens available but if many sunscreens available but if you apply some sunscreens then you apply some sunscreens then you apply some sunscreens then your skin starts becoming very white. your skin starts becoming very white. your skin starts becoming very white. This means you get This means you get This means you get a separate layer of white sea.  But nothing like this happens in it. a separate layer of white sea.  But nothing like this happens in it. a separate layer of white sea.  But nothing like this happens in it. This is completely natural This is completely natural This is completely natural and you will and you will and you will not have any such whitening or any such things in your skin.  It not have any such whitening or any such things in your skin.  It not have any such whitening or any such things in your skin.  It is very normal and gets is very normal and gets is very normal and gets absorbed well into the skin.  And look at this, look at how absorbed well into the skin.  And look at this, look at how absorbed well into the skin.  And look at this, look at how my skin is my skin is my skin is glowing.  I have glowing.  I have glowing.  I have applied only this sunscreen and nothing else. applied only this sunscreen and nothing else. applied only this sunscreen and nothing else. And you guys And you guys And you guys can see can see can see how the skin looks after applying this.  See.   It has become how the skin looks after applying this.  See.   It has become how the skin looks after applying this.  See.   It has become so well moisturized and it is so well moisturized and it is so well moisturized and it is glowing so well.  So this is the benefit glowing so well.  So this is the benefit glowing so well.  So this is the benefit of this sunscreen.  So I thought I would of this sunscreen.  So I thought I would of this sunscreen.  So I thought I would share it with you guys.  So guys, if you share it with you guys.  So guys, if you share it with you guys.  So guys, if you liked this video and have any queries related to the video, liked this video and have any queries related to the video, liked this video and have any queries related to the video, you can ask.   I will you can ask.   I will mention its details in the description.  If you want to purchase anything from there, mention its details in the description.  If you want to purchase anything from there, mention its details in the description.  If you want to purchase anything from there, you can do so. you can do so. you can do so. And thank you so much to everyone.  All the And thank you so much to everyone.  All the And thank you so much to everyone.  All the people who watch my videos.  Thank people who watch my videos.  Thank people who watch my videos.  Thank you so much everyone.  Take care of yourself. you so much everyone.  Take care of yourself. you so much everyone.  Take care of yourself. Bye-by take care.