Hello Guys, Welcome to my YouTube channel. And
today guys, we will discuss about Good WIPS
sunscreen, what is it
? What are its benefits?
Which skin is it best for?
We will discuss all these things in today's
video. So, first of all let me tell you that this
product is a GWS
product. All the products of Goodwi
, no matter what they are, do
not have any harmful effects on you. The first thing that happens is
in the GWIS product. Then this
sunscreen has SPF 30 and P
plus plus plus. This means that it protects
your body very well from whatever UV rays you are exposed to.
Its quantity is
50 grams. And this is
in gel form.
We should always use sunscreen
whenever we are going out anywhere.
Whenever you go out of the house, you must
apply sunscreen.
What happens because of this? Firstly, all the dust particles present in your skin do
not enter. Keeps your skin very
healthy.
Keeps it protected. If you are going to any polluted place,
you should definitely
apply sunscreen before going out of the house. Ok? First of all,
I have told you its quantity.
Its MRP is almost something like Rs
300. Its MRP
price is Rs 275. And in this,
all the detailing is also written that in this, any
harmful
things are not mixed in excess.
So it is written in it that no
animal testing. Ok? That means
it has not been tested in any way.
And now let me show you by opening it.
This is in gel form.
Look,
this is in gel form. A
lot of it will get absorbed in your skin
in some time and look at your skin,
it will look very good, meaning even
if you are going out of the house after applying only sunscreen,
your skin will be very healthy.
So whenever you go out of the house, always
apply sunscreen before going out.
You guys. Your
skin will be very good. It will
remain very healthy and will
protect you from all the polluted things.
So this
is the sunscreen from Good WIPS, guys. So I thought that
I should definitely share its review and demo with you guys
because there are many sunscreens
available but the problem is that this
sunscreen is for oily skin type,
so you guys can use it for anyone whose skin
is rough or oily,
this is best for oily skin type and there are
many sunscreens available but if
you apply some sunscreens then
your skin starts becoming very white.
This means you get
a separate layer of white sea. But nothing like this happens in it.
This is completely natural
and you will
not have any such whitening or any such things in your skin. It
is very normal and gets
absorbed well into the skin. And look at this, look at how
my skin is
glowing. I have
applied only this sunscreen and nothing else.
And you guys
can see
how the skin looks after applying this. See. It has become
so well moisturized and it is
glowing so well. So this is the benefit
of this sunscreen. So I thought I would
share it with you guys. So guys, if you
liked this video and have any queries related to the video,
you can ask. I will
mention its details in the description. If you want to purchase anything from there,
you can do so.
And thank you so much to everyone. All the
people who watch my videos. Thank
you so much everyone. Take care of yourself.
Bye-by take care.
