My God, it's beautiful. Isn't it
beautiful? This is
my inspired dream house.
What is that? It becomes a jacuzzi. A big
jacuzzi because you can also make it
hot.
Hot full. Hotel. What is it called [laughter]
? What is it called? Hot and cold. Hot
and cold. It's okay. Oh [squeaks] I was
surprised [laughs], mom.
You surprised me too. Oh, that's kind, mom. The one who is the
lab of the people is the one who
What's up, Ls? Welcome back
to my channel. That's why I'm a bit confused
. I'm here in Nueva Ecija,
you saw a beautiful balour. Those are
my friends. My son.
Miss Jelly Andress is so beautiful. Wow.
Who is so beautiful that
my daughter's beauty is beautiful. It's
his dream house. Look. It looks like this is a
Bali inspired property. Oh my God,
I really like all the wood
. So I know he's there.
But one of his rules is that you ca
n't put your slippers inside. So please
come in
or excuse me, what are the slippers? You
have slippers, they are beautiful, aren't they?
This is an inspired house and
my dream house, I really welcome
your value, my child, because you are beautiful, because
we are beautiful, what is this my dream house, as far as
I know, you know,
I will also manifest it, I hope I can fulfill my
dream house, this is
your dream house too,
yes, it seems like this is what I want because I can
also live in the house,
yes, antiques, aren't those things beautiful, that's
all of them, even though
these are from
Indonesia, yes, but I came here, I do
n't really want anything.
What dish is this? Dish. There you go. [laughter]
Our angels cooked. Oh. Oh.
Oh. It's lacking. There is a lesson. There is a lesson. Do
you want to eat? Yes. Or this is for
stew. Boiled. I want something like
that. Or this or. Breakfast, maybe for
those who wake up late. Breakfast and
lunch together. Oh, how beautiful. Yes. And
what is this? Is this Shinol? Yes,
that is sinful. But what is that? It becomes a
jacuzzi. A big jacuzzi because you can
also make it hot.
Hot, full hot. What is that called [laughter]
? What is that called? Hot and cold.
Hot and cold. He has a machine that
can be heated because usually jacuzzis are
small. You can do it right. I can't go
against him because he is
my god, my god, jelly Andras. Oh,
the hot pool is right. hotcake's brother.
There you go. What's it like in Laguna, is
n't that what they're trying to say, it's hot
?
Ah, yes, this is my house, I won't
go anywhere else, it's here
in Pansol.
Sun. There you go. Because I'm cold,
I want the pool to be warm,
even though it's that big.
The man in the room upstairs. But
I want to have it renovated, mom.
I want to renovate that, brothers and sisters.
But let's not get into that because it's
a bit confusing. Mom, it seems like my knees can't handle it
. [laughter]
There you go. So these are all
really good, I'll call them when I need to
. That's just how I am,
babysitter. Wow, send me some
juice. That's how
you are, you're
so organized, aren't you? You are so great.
It's not that big of a deal. I don't want to
get dirty. There's still plastic
today, but this is 2016. True. Yes,
and I want to too. Oh wow, you know,
you can teach me too. Yes
[bell] let's
go, hopefully there will be many views. Yes
we should be praying and before
uploading, let's pray about things like that.
10 million views or 5 million, I can't
miss that. [laughter]
Then, before you upload it,
let's pray. So that's your bedroom,
huh? No. This is not a bedroom. What is that?
Secret first. I'll reveal what that is later
. [laughter] It's a secret for now. Or is
it? That's my fault. Look.
Very big. Oh. Oh. You can lie down
there. That's right. Is it
softness? Isn't it soft?
It's like a cake. It's like a cake. [laughter]
What's the problem? You know I'm a fan of
dining, is it really set? Or
maybe you can Instagram [laughter]
'cause you feel like
I'm like this at home too. I
actually prepared it because I know that's what you like
and that you love to eat. 10 seers,
lava bobs, and it's crazy. The
chair is a suit of his clothes. [laughter]
I'm really ready for that because I know
we'll be eating there later. Or where are you going,
son? No, please. Oh, anywhere. Mm,
no matter where I go, I feel like
these frames are just
paper
. Yes, he is harv, he is also
beautiful. These paintings, you
really love painting. Mm. There you go.
[clears throat] Oh,
those paintings are so expensive.
That's from Indonesia. Everything. Yes.
You know, before, when I
got married,
you kept your money
because I worked hard for it.
Yes.
I bought a painting. Where am I
now? I can say that
I bought this painting for a very expensive price. Nothing.
That's right. Besides, [laughter]
I used to be forbidden to take it later, I worked hard for it, it's a
painting, my god, my god, I don't want it,
I really want it, it's so big,
you guys are so lazy, this is what
I call a hallway, hallway, hallway, when you
walk, don't knock, what is this,
look at it, and then there are always
slippers everywhere, where are the
lights on? Is that
the smell of CR? Mm and
[clears throat] I'm sure I can handle
this.
Because sometimes it shakes me a little
. The taray.
I'm so happy for you, son.
Ouch. I wish we could go out
there, son. What's there?
Left. This is a square meter, PH00,
your maintenance here is terrible. So
how much do you pay here at Ilo and
in Korea, maybe the big ones are
wearing jumpers
[laughter] they're wearing jumpers so it's cheap,
their rooms are still room by room,
so what are your angels? Yes. Come in
. Come in. My God. That's terrible.
Sister, how are you? Are you okay with the
queen size split tigisa?
I really like their nails. Yes. What is
this? The real antiques? Yes. It's so bad that
even if I look at it, it's okay
. And this wood actually comes from Indonesia
. The other one is the one
I have too, but it's from Jensan.
Jensan Aling Junicia.
Mommy Jicia. I love mommy Junicisha.
Oh, you see this. Oh, what are these?
What is that called? Crystals. Oh,
crystals. That came from somewhere in the
cave. Cave. What is the Tagalog word for
cave? Cave. Cave in the cave.
That came from the cave. Look. Is it cold or
cold or is it because he's really hot
and delicious in the ass
because he's so hot.
You know [clears throat][laughs] what I'm just saying to you.
You are very rich. Your house is beautiful,
but [clears throat]
your electrics aren't that nice.
Put an end to that day. Isn't that funny?
Or because it saves electricity. This is a
beautiful house that saves electricity, just
batteries. They say it's anti-battery [laughter],
you keep calling them. So, that's
beautiful. Let's go
outside, son. Please take me
there. You are coming in here. I have a
pet hidden here. I really liked him,
he only goes out once in a while, so
here I am, I'm just having a rest, this is
really just my dream, this is
just my dream house, after all, this is so you're not really staying
here,
you're just relaxing here, yes, that's what
I really want to happen, it's
just my dream house, or what's it
called there, um, there's a call there, what's it, it's
not much, where's my rest house,
where's the Turtle? Turtle is turtle. Let's
find it. Here or. Let's get it.
Turtle. Yes. He is strong. Growing up
.
Oh. Your turtle is gone, sister. My
sister will take a urinal, take
the one that really hurts.
The o is also gushing. Yes.
That has bubbles. It's really a bummer. It's
really a bummer.
There you go. Yes. Is there anything we can turn on?
You can clearly see it as if you were in
Valley Indonesia.
And I have this here, this here in Nueva
Ecija. Oh, I said so when
I got his address it was in Nueva
Ecija. I said, "I'll visit
your sister Jelay's dream house." It's so
beautiful, proud proud
proud, super, it's being renovated.
Yes. Gren,
you seem to be in a bad mood, right? Indonesian,
you can't turn that upstairs into a morning house
. [laughter] It's
okay [squeaking]
eh. You surprised me too. There
he is. Yes, that's right. Is it true that it has a
battery? Is it true? Okay. No,
that's not true. Hold it. Go ahead, hold it.
Oh, I don't want you to touch me, mom.
That's kind. Is that true? Yes. True. Oh, that's
it. Is it true?
He is real. Yes.
He thought so too. [laughter]
I thought so.
He shouted. I was
surprised too. Go ahead. Go. Open it. Hold it
gently, mom. Hold on, mom. He doesn't want
to touch it. He doesn't want to touch it. Hold it
. That's kind. The size of the taray.
He is going home. He just showed up.
He just got high. Yes. It's up to us.
That's the owner of my house. Is it
really him? Yes. He's really here.
Come inside. I was really amazed
by the dining here.
Really amazed. Yes. Do
you want to eat something delicious? You're making me look
ugly again.
Hello. What is it, madam? My Kit P Hello
is the owner of the house.
[laughter] Sorry about that gang. He is
actually the owner of the house. I just said
dream house. It's your dream house
too, right? Or
I just said dream house. I said it was mine.
We just invited you here. Oh, you're the
only one who claimed this was mine. I
just said it was a dream, what happened to me? Is this
your dream house too? It's the same
dream house, madam. This is our dream house,
but he made it happen. But it's
also your dream house, madam. [laughter]
All dreams are ours. So paps, is it your dream house
or just our dream house because it's
beautiful? There's nothing wrong with
dreaming and
insisting. I
hope I have encouraged you. [laughter]
No. I'm just giving you a tour of our dream house
. [laughter] Madam will eat. Ladies and
gentlemen, follow him on Facebook.
We'll put it here, if you're interested in YouTube. He is
our producer for our new digital
movie. There you go. Then we shot here.
Then I said, Miss Jell will make us happy
because we are so happy
here at home. Yes. Everything is truly authentic
from Bali Indonesia. Yes. So
Jelly said, "This is my dream house."
I said, "I dream of this too."
My dream is really my dream
man.
Hey, kiss me here. I'm selling '
selling? What do you want? The state
survived. The gwin [laughter]
introduce Mr. Pogi of Nueva Ecija.
How much is that? Is it because the
white is smooth? Yes. How much is that, ma'am
? Huh? How old are you as an adult? Just a coin.
Three twenty coins. There's still coffee. Yes.
Nothing yet?
That's really what you came here for. It seems like
my stomach is getting upset. [laughter]
Scolded. I was cursed at. Oh, there you go,
lams. Um, thank you very much,
Miss Jelay. That's it for this content in
our dream house content tour. Yes. So
to Ma'am K, thank you very much and
of course, you guys appreciate it,
my God, we will update you right away
when our new movie will be released.
And you are an actor here, of course,
he is an actor here. With us, of
course, were Harl Budle and Ate Negy. Who
else? Paul was confused. Paul,
Kuerbas, was confused. Zara Lopez. Who is it? Zara
Lopez. Madam. Of course,
they can ride Adop. Adopt this with
team the muzzle. Is the team muzzled?
And of course directed by
Romel Penesa. Yes. Romel Penesa.
Director. He was the one who directed
the grandfather in the telesers on GME. He became a
very good director, very dedicated and
kind. I'm not really sure
why we didn't
shoot. Did you feel like
it was just work? Doesn't it seem like it? Because
why? Direasyon is also very supportive,
of course. And we are all happy.
Especially when I'm on vacation.
I only have a few SIM cards. No. You know, when
I'm at another taping, it's just a little bit of a shame,
Ashley. Yes. Yes. Ashley
Ortega. Sister Negy. No [laughter]
you mentioned. You mentioned what happened to
sister Degy there. It's like this when
I'm on another shoot and my scene is only a few minutes long,
I feel sad because you haven't been there for a long time and
then you're in the
standby area or in the tent or
something. But I'm enjoying this, so
I haven't been called yet. It's fun because the
cut itself is so beautiful. I just
forgot Janis de
veterans super Janis de
my veteran [laughter]
our actress is my boss is awesome just look at
what just look at she caught me she caught me
speaking Spanish she was very kind she
fed you fed you yes
and also
Aunt Janice is very appreciative the one in horror before
what ti o By the way what
I watched her
when I was young when I saw her in person she still looks like that
she is what she is Janice's daughter that's like that that's what
we say we brag to them because really what are
they waiting for that
why not with Miss Jay Andreasaka
look at the skin no yes yes yes yes
no wrinkles yes we need to tell her
not to involve our opponent
maybe [laughter] adult can do it to me
I just didn't pull my hair I
gin [laughter] that's why it takes so long
when dad I rarely get mad ah
yes it's true ' am I too ah
what is he because he used to come here to
the highland valley but I haven't
met him yet but when I met him on the
lips Oh my, you're a beautiful child, you're
beautiful and kind, that's what's important, are you
kind or ' ba or look at you or
[clearing throat] you're
always here or ' ba [laughter]
when madam geng came here,
she wasn't here, you were abroad,
I met madam
geng's children because we became friends, when we were born, we
met here, what are we doing, my
god, I'm really so happy,
I'm happy, my god, I said, missela is just having
dinner, is Jay's wife too, no, that's why, laba bobs, many
My favorite thing here is to really help. And
one more thing you really come back to, it's not just
the place, the food is delicious.
You know, you know me, the
food is delicious, it's really delicious, you'll come back
later, you'll cook bulalo.
Let's cook bulalo. Madam's request,
please call me here. Why is it that when
we come here, it seems like
we're disciplined, we're not allowed to yuc, is there a designated area where we're
not allowed to climb into the car?
They are just downstairs. You all want it.
You really want to rest, but
you know there's no fresh air,
no noise, no pollution. You think
you're going to Indonesia again?
It's here. I've been going
abroad, but when I came here,
I was amazed that there's something like this
here that many of us don't
know about. It turns out there's one in Nueva.
Just spend your fare here
. Right. Right. Yes. And there are
masseuses who are good at massaging. Yes. You're still here. What are
you? You know you are safe. You are comfortable.
Yes. What is the first time you've come here?
This is where Memen celebrated B. Yes.
Yes. Here it is, Ma'am G.
Thank you very much and of course Nap Jell.
Thank you very much. God bless you.
God bless you, lava bobs. God bless
us all. I love you and stay
safe. It's raining a little, stay dry. Don't
go out anymore. Just a house.
Let's just watch on my YouTube and watch
Misella. Yes. To my loves who are
watching that couple. I love you. I
love you. I love you. I
love love. I'm Aunt Geng.
Please follow me. To those who
love me,
please follow Madam Geng and Mama Pipit.
Love
sayings [music][singing]
including the sayings including the people's laabs
