My God, it's beautiful.   Isn't it My God, it's beautiful.   Isn't it My God, it's beautiful.   Isn't it beautiful?  This is beautiful?  This is beautiful?  This is my inspired dream house. my inspired dream house. my inspired dream house. What is that?  It becomes a jacuzzi.  A big What is that?  It becomes a jacuzzi.  A big What is that?  It becomes a jacuzzi.  A big jacuzzi because you can also make it jacuzzi because you can also make it jacuzzi because you can also make it hot. hot. hot. Hot full.  Hotel.  What is it called [laughter] Hot full.  Hotel.  What is it called [laughter] Hot full.  Hotel.  What is it called [laughter] ?  What is it called?  Hot and cold.  Hot ?  What is it called?  Hot and cold.  Hot ?  What is it called?  Hot and cold.  Hot and cold.  It's okay.  Oh [squeaks] I was and cold.  It's okay.  Oh [squeaks] I was and cold.  It's okay.  Oh [squeaks] I was surprised [laughs], mom. surprised [laughs], mom. surprised [laughs], mom. You surprised me too.  Oh, that's kind, mom.   The one who is the You surprised me too.  Oh, that's kind, mom.   The one who is the You surprised me too.  Oh, that's kind, mom.   The one who is the lab of the people is the one who What's up, Ls?  Welcome back What's up, Ls?  Welcome back What's up, Ls?  Welcome back to my channel.  That's why I'm a bit confused to my channel.  That's why I'm a bit confused to my channel.  That's why I'm a bit confused .  I'm here in Nueva Ecija, .  I'm here in Nueva Ecija, .  I'm here in Nueva Ecija, you saw a beautiful balour.  Those are you saw a beautiful balour.  Those are you saw a beautiful balour.  Those are my friends.  My son. my friends.  My son. my friends.  My son. Miss Jelly Andress is so beautiful.  Wow. Miss Jelly Andress is so beautiful.  Wow. Miss Jelly Andress is so beautiful.  Wow. Who is so beautiful that Who is so beautiful that Who is so beautiful that my daughter's beauty is beautiful.  It's my daughter's beauty is beautiful.  It's my daughter's beauty is beautiful.  It's his dream house.  Look.  It looks like this is a his dream house.  Look.  It looks like this is a his dream house.  Look.  It looks like this is a Bali inspired property.  Oh my God, Bali inspired property.  Oh my God, Bali inspired property.  Oh my God, I really like all the wood I really like all the wood I really like all the wood .  So I know he's there. .  So I know he's there. .  So I know he's there. But one of his rules is that you ca But one of his rules is that you ca But one of his rules is that you ca n't put your slippers inside.  So please come in come in come in or excuse me, what are the slippers? You or excuse me, what are the slippers? You or excuse me, what are the slippers? You have slippers, they are beautiful, aren't they? have slippers, they are beautiful, aren't they? have slippers, they are beautiful, aren't they? This is an inspired house and This is an inspired house and This is an inspired house and my dream house, I really welcome my dream house, I really welcome my dream house, I really welcome your value, my child, because you are beautiful, because your value, my child, because you are beautiful, because your value, my child, because you are beautiful, because we are beautiful, what is this my dream house, as far as we are beautiful, what is this my dream house, as far as we are beautiful, what is this my dream house, as far as I know, you know, I know, you know, I know, you know, I will also manifest it, I hope I can fulfill my I will also manifest it, I hope I can fulfill my I will also manifest it, I hope I can fulfill my dream house, this is dream house, this is dream house, this is your dream house too, your dream house too, your dream house too, yes, it seems like this is what I want because I can yes, it seems like this is what I want because I can also live in the house, also live in the house, also live in the house, yes, antiques, aren't those things beautiful, that's yes, antiques, aren't those things beautiful, that's yes, antiques, aren't those things beautiful, that's all of them, even though all of them, even though all of them, even though these are from these are from these are from Indonesia, yes, but I came here, I do Indonesia, yes, but I came here, I do Indonesia, yes, but I came here, I do n't really want anything. n't really want anything. n't really want anything. What dish is this?  Dish.  There you go.  [laughter] What dish is this?  Dish.  There you go.  [laughter] What dish is this?  Dish.  There you go.  [laughter] Our angels cooked.  Oh.  Oh. Our angels cooked.  Oh.  Oh. Our angels cooked.  Oh.  Oh. Oh.  It's lacking.  There is a lesson.  There is a lesson.   Do Oh.  It's lacking.  There is a lesson.  There is a lesson.   Do Oh.  It's lacking.  There is a lesson.  There is a lesson.   Do you want to eat?  Yes.  Or this is for you want to eat?  Yes.  Or this is for you want to eat?  Yes.  Or this is for stew.  Boiled.  I want something like stew.  Boiled.  I want something like stew.  Boiled.  I want something like that.  Or this or.  Breakfast, maybe for that.  Or this or.  Breakfast, maybe for that.  Or this or.  Breakfast, maybe for those who wake up late.  Breakfast and those who wake up late.  Breakfast and those who wake up late.  Breakfast and lunch together.  Oh, how beautiful.  Yes.   And lunch together.  Oh, how beautiful.  Yes.   And lunch together.  Oh, how beautiful.  Yes.   And what is this?  Is this Shinol?  Yes, what is this?  Is this Shinol?  Yes, what is this?  Is this Shinol?  Yes, that is sinful.  But what is that?  It becomes a that is sinful.  But what is that?  It becomes a that is sinful.  But what is that?  It becomes a jacuzzi.  A big jacuzzi because you can jacuzzi.  A big jacuzzi because you can jacuzzi.  A big jacuzzi because you can also make it hot. also make it hot. also make it hot. Hot, full hot.  What is that called [laughter] Hot, full hot.  What is that called [laughter] Hot, full hot.  What is that called [laughter] ?  What is that called?  Hot and cold. ?  What is that called?  Hot and cold. ?  What is that called?  Hot and cold. Hot and cold.  He has a machine that Hot and cold.  He has a machine that Hot and cold.  He has a machine that can be heated because usually jacuzzis are can be heated because usually jacuzzis are can be heated because usually jacuzzis are small.  You can do it right.  I can't go small.  You can do it right.  I can't go small.  You can do it right.  I can't go against him because he is against him because he is against him because he is my god, my god, jelly Andras.  Oh, my god, my god, jelly Andras.  Oh, my god, my god, jelly Andras.  Oh, the hot pool is right.  hotcake's brother. the hot pool is right.  hotcake's brother. the hot pool is right.  hotcake's brother. There you go.  What's it like in Laguna, is There you go.  What's it like in Laguna, is There you go.  What's it like in Laguna, is n't that what they're trying to say, it's hot n't that what they're trying to say, it's hot n't that what they're trying to say, it's hot ? ? ? Ah, yes, this is my house, I won't Ah, yes, this is my house, I won't Ah, yes, this is my house, I won't go anywhere else, it's here go anywhere else, it's here go anywhere else, it's here in Pansol. in Pansol. in Pansol. Sun.  There you go.  Because I'm cold, Sun.  There you go.  Because I'm cold, Sun.  There you go.  Because I'm cold, I want the pool to be warm, I want the pool to be warm, I want the pool to be warm, even though it's that big. even though it's that big. even though it's that big. The man in the room upstairs.  But The man in the room upstairs.  But The man in the room upstairs.  But I want to have it renovated, mom. I want to have it renovated, mom. I want to have it renovated, mom. I want to renovate that, brothers and sisters. I want to renovate that, brothers and sisters. I want to renovate that, brothers and sisters. But let's not get into that because it's But let's not get into that because it's But let's not get into that because it's a bit confusing.  Mom, it seems like my knees can't handle it a bit confusing.  Mom, it seems like my knees can't handle it a bit confusing.  Mom, it seems like my knees can't handle it .  [laughter] .  [laughter] .  [laughter] There you go.  So these are all There you go.  So these are all There you go.  So these are all really good, I'll call them when I need to really good, I'll call them when I need to really good, I'll call them when I need to .  That's just how I am, .  That's just how I am, .  That's just how I am, babysitter.  Wow, send me some babysitter.  Wow, send me some babysitter.  Wow, send me some juice.  That's how juice.  That's how juice.  That's how you are, you're you are, you're you are, you're so organized, aren't you?  You are so great. so organized, aren't you?  You are so great. so organized, aren't you?  You are so great. It's not that big of a deal.  I don't want to It's not that big of a deal.  I don't want to It's not that big of a deal.  I don't want to get dirty.  There's still plastic get dirty.  There's still plastic get dirty.  There's still plastic today, but this is 2016.  True.  Yes, today, but this is 2016.  True.  Yes, today, but this is 2016.  True.  Yes, and I want to too. Oh wow, you know, and I want to too. Oh wow, you know, and I want to too. Oh wow, you know, you can teach me too.  Yes you can teach me too.  Yes you can teach me too.  Yes [bell] let's go, hopefully there will be many views.  Yes go, hopefully there will be many views.  Yes go, hopefully there will be many views.  Yes we should be praying and before we should be praying and before we should be praying and before uploading, let's pray about things like that. uploading, let's pray about things like that. uploading, let's pray about things like that. 10 million views or 5 million, I can't 10 million views or 5 million, I can't 10 million views or 5 million, I can't miss that.  [laughter] Then, before you upload it, Then, before you upload it, Then, before you upload it, let's pray.  So that's your bedroom, let's pray.  So that's your bedroom, let's pray.  So that's your bedroom, huh?  No.  This is not a bedroom.  What is that? huh?  No.  This is not a bedroom.  What is that? huh?  No.  This is not a bedroom.  What is that? Secret first.  I'll reveal what that is later Secret first.  I'll reveal what that is later Secret first.  I'll reveal what that is later .  [laughter] It's a secret for now.  Or is .  [laughter] It's a secret for now.  Or is .  [laughter] It's a secret for now.  Or is it?  That's my fault.  Look. it?  That's my fault.  Look. it?  That's my fault.  Look. Very big.  Oh.  Oh.  You can lie down Very big.  Oh.  Oh.  You can lie down Very big.  Oh.  Oh.  You can lie down there.  That's right.   Is it there.  That's right.   Is it there.  That's right.   Is it softness?  Isn't it soft? softness?  Isn't it soft? softness?  Isn't it soft? It's like a cake.  It's like a cake.  [laughter] It's like a cake.  It's like a cake.  [laughter] It's like a cake.  It's like a cake.  [laughter] What's the problem?  You know I'm a fan of What's the problem?  You know I'm a fan of What's the problem?  You know I'm a fan of dining, is it really set?  Or dining, is it really set?  Or dining, is it really set?  Or maybe you can Instagram [laughter] maybe you can Instagram [laughter] maybe you can Instagram [laughter] 'cause you feel like 'cause you feel like 'cause you feel like I'm like this at home too.  I I'm like this at home too.  I I'm like this at home too.  I actually prepared it because I know that's what you like actually prepared it because I know that's what you like actually prepared it because I know that's what you like and that you love to eat.  10 seers, and that you love to eat.  10 seers, and that you love to eat.  10 seers, lava bobs, and it's crazy.  The lava bobs, and it's crazy.  The lava bobs, and it's crazy.  The chair is a suit of his clothes.  [laughter] chair is a suit of his clothes.  [laughter] chair is a suit of his clothes.  [laughter] I'm really ready for that because I know I'm really ready for that because I know I'm really ready for that because I know we'll be eating there later.  Or where are you going, we'll be eating there later.  Or where are you going, we'll be eating there later.  Or where are you going, son?  No, please.  Oh, anywhere.  Mm, son?  No, please.  Oh, anywhere.  Mm, son?  No, please.  Oh, anywhere.  Mm, no matter where I go, I feel like no matter where I go, I feel like no matter where I go, I feel like these frames are just these frames are just these frames are just paper paper paper .  Yes, he is harv, he is also .  Yes, he is harv, he is also .  Yes, he is harv, he is also beautiful.  These paintings, you beautiful.  These paintings, you beautiful.  These paintings, you really love painting.  Mm.  There you go. really love painting.  Mm.  There you go. really love painting.  Mm.  There you go. [clears throat] Oh, [clears throat] Oh, [clears throat] Oh, those paintings are so expensive. those paintings are so expensive. those paintings are so expensive. That's from Indonesia.  Everything.  Yes. That's from Indonesia.  Everything.  Yes. That's from Indonesia.  Everything.  Yes. You know, before, when I You know, before, when I You know, before, when I got married, got married, got married, you kept your money you kept your money you kept your money because I worked hard for it. because I worked hard for it. because I worked hard for it. Yes. Yes. Yes. I bought a painting.  Where am I I bought a painting.  Where am I I bought a painting.  Where am I now?  I can say that now?  I can say that now?  I can say that I bought this painting for a very expensive price.  Nothing. I bought this painting for a very expensive price.  Nothing. I bought this painting for a very expensive price.  Nothing. That's right.  Besides, [laughter] That's right.  Besides, [laughter] That's right.  Besides, [laughter] I used to be forbidden to take it later, I worked hard for it, it's a I used to be forbidden to take it later, I worked hard for it, it's a painting, my god, my god, I don't want it, painting, my god, my god, I don't want it, painting, my god, my god, I don't want it, I really want it, it's so big, I really want it, it's so big, I really want it, it's so big, you guys are so lazy, this is what you guys are so lazy, this is what you guys are so lazy, this is what I call a hallway, hallway, hallway, when you I call a hallway, hallway, hallway, when you I call a hallway, hallway, hallway, when you walk, don't knock, what is this, walk, don't knock, what is this, walk, don't knock, what is this, look at it, and then there are always look at it, and then there are always look at it, and then there are always slippers everywhere, where are the slippers everywhere, where are the slippers everywhere, where are the lights on?  Is that lights on?  Is that lights on?  Is that the smell of CR?  Mm and the smell of CR?  Mm and the smell of CR?  Mm and [clears throat] I'm sure I can handle [clears throat] I'm sure I can handle [clears throat] I'm sure I can handle this. this. this. Because sometimes it shakes me a little Because sometimes it shakes me a little Because sometimes it shakes me a little .  The taray. .  The taray. .  The taray. I'm so happy for you, son. I'm so happy for you, son. I'm so happy for you, son. Ouch.  I wish we could go out Ouch.  I wish we could go out Ouch.  I wish we could go out there, son.  What's there? there, son.  What's there? there, son.  What's there? Left.  This is a square meter, PH00, Left.  This is a square meter, PH00, Left.  This is a square meter, PH00, your maintenance here is terrible.  So your maintenance here is terrible.  So your maintenance here is terrible.  So how much do you pay here at Ilo and how much do you pay here at Ilo and how much do you pay here at Ilo and in Korea, maybe the big ones are in Korea, maybe the big ones are in Korea, maybe the big ones are wearing jumpers wearing jumpers wearing jumpers [laughter] they're wearing jumpers so it's cheap, [laughter] they're wearing jumpers so it's cheap, their rooms are still room by room, their rooms are still room by room, their rooms are still room by room, so what are your angels?  Yes.  Come in so what are your angels?  Yes.  Come in so what are your angels?  Yes.  Come in .  Come in.  My God.  That's terrible. .  Come in.  My God.  That's terrible. .  Come in.  My God.  That's terrible. Sister, how are you?  Are you okay with the Sister, how are you?  Are you okay with the queen size split tigisa? queen size split tigisa? queen size split tigisa? I really like their nails.  Yes.  What is I really like their nails.  Yes.  What is I really like their nails.  Yes.  What is this?  The real antiques?  Yes.  It's so bad that this?  The real antiques?  Yes.  It's so bad that this?  The real antiques?  Yes.  It's so bad that even if I look at it, it's okay even if I look at it, it's okay even if I look at it, it's okay .  And this wood actually comes from Indonesia .  And this wood actually comes from Indonesia .  And this wood actually comes from Indonesia .  The other one is the one .  The other one is the one .  The other one is the one I have too, but it's from Jensan. I have too, but it's from Jensan. I have too, but it's from Jensan. Jensan Aling Junicia. Jensan Aling Junicia. Jensan Aling Junicia. Mommy Jicia.  I love mommy Junicisha. Mommy Jicia.  I love mommy Junicisha. Mommy Jicia.  I love mommy Junicisha. Oh, you see this.  Oh, what are these? Oh, you see this.  Oh, what are these? Oh, you see this.  Oh, what are these? What is that called?  Crystals.  Oh, What is that called?  Crystals.  Oh, What is that called?  Crystals.  Oh, crystals.  That came from somewhere in the crystals.  That came from somewhere in the crystals.  That came from somewhere in the cave.  Cave.  What is the Tagalog word for cave.  Cave.  What is the Tagalog word for cave.  Cave.  What is the Tagalog word for cave?  Cave.  Cave in the cave. cave?  Cave.  Cave in the cave. cave?  Cave.  Cave in the cave. That came from the cave.  Look.  Is it cold or That came from the cave.  Look.  Is it cold or That came from the cave.  Look.  Is it cold or cold or is it because he's really hot cold or is it because he's really hot cold or is it because he's really hot and delicious in the ass and delicious in the ass and delicious in the ass because he's so hot. because he's so hot. You know [clears throat][laughs] what I'm just saying to you. You know [clears throat][laughs] what I'm just saying to you. You know [clears throat][laughs] what I'm just saying to you. You are very rich.  Your house is beautiful, You are very rich.  Your house is beautiful, You are very rich.  Your house is beautiful, but [clears throat] but [clears throat] but [clears throat] your electrics aren't that nice. your electrics aren't that nice. your electrics aren't that nice. Put an end to that day.  Isn't that funny? Put an end to that day.  Isn't that funny? Put an end to that day.  Isn't that funny? Or because it saves electricity.   This is a Or because it saves electricity.   This is a Or because it saves electricity.   This is a beautiful house that saves electricity, just beautiful house that saves electricity, just beautiful house that saves electricity, just batteries.  They say it's anti-battery [laughter], batteries.  They say it's anti-battery [laughter], you keep calling them.  So, that's you keep calling them.  So, that's you keep calling them.  So, that's beautiful.   Let's go beautiful.   Let's go beautiful.   Let's go outside, son.  Please take me outside, son.  Please take me outside, son.  Please take me there.  You are coming in here.  I have a there.  You are coming in here.  I have a there.  You are coming in here.  I have a pet hidden here.  I really liked him, pet hidden here.  I really liked him, pet hidden here.  I really liked him, he only goes out once in a while, so here I am, I'm just having a rest, this is here I am, I'm just having a rest, this is here I am, I'm just having a rest, this is really just my dream, this is really just my dream, this is really just my dream, this is just my dream house, after all, this is so you're not really staying just my dream house, after all, this is so you're not really staying just my dream house, after all, this is so you're not really staying here, here, here, you're just relaxing here, yes, that's what you're just relaxing here, yes, that's what you're just relaxing here, yes, that's what I really want to happen, it's I really want to happen, it's I really want to happen, it's just my dream house, or what's it just my dream house, or what's it just my dream house, or what's it called there, um, there's a call there, what's it, it's called there, um, there's a call there, what's it, it's called there, um, there's a call there, what's it, it's not much, where's my rest house, not much, where's my rest house, where's the Turtle?  Turtle is turtle.   Let's where's the Turtle?  Turtle is turtle.   Let's where's the Turtle?  Turtle is turtle.   Let's find it.  Here or.  Let's get it. find it.  Here or.  Let's get it. find it.  Here or.  Let's get it. Turtle.  Yes.  He is strong.  Growing up Turtle.  Yes.  He is strong.  Growing up Turtle.  Yes.  He is strong.  Growing up . Oh.  Your turtle is gone, sister.   My Oh.  Your turtle is gone, sister.   My Oh.  Your turtle is gone, sister.   My sister will take a urinal, take sister will take a urinal, take sister will take a urinal, take the one that really hurts. the one that really hurts. the one that really hurts. The o is also gushing.  Yes. The o is also gushing.  Yes. The o is also gushing.  Yes. That has bubbles.  It's really a bummer.  It's That has bubbles.  It's really a bummer.  It's That has bubbles.  It's really a bummer.  It's really a bummer. really a bummer. really a bummer. There you go.  Yes.  Is there anything we can turn on? There you go.  Yes.  Is there anything we can turn on? There you go.  Yes.  Is there anything we can turn on? You can clearly see it as if you were in You can clearly see it as if you were in You can clearly see it as if you were in Valley Indonesia. Valley Indonesia. Valley Indonesia. And I have this here, this here in Nueva And I have this here, this here in Nueva And I have this here, this here in Nueva Ecija.  Oh, I said so when Ecija.  Oh, I said so when Ecija.  Oh, I said so when I got his address it was in Nueva I got his address it was in Nueva I got his address it was in Nueva Ecija.  I said, "I'll visit Ecija.  I said, "I'll visit Ecija.  I said, "I'll visit your sister Jelay's dream house."   It's so your sister Jelay's dream house."   It's so your sister Jelay's dream house."   It's so beautiful, proud proud beautiful, proud proud beautiful, proud proud proud, super, it's being renovated. proud, super, it's being renovated. proud, super, it's being renovated. Yes.  Gren, Yes.  Gren, Yes.  Gren, you seem to be in a bad mood, right?  Indonesian, you seem to be in a bad mood, right?  Indonesian, you seem to be in a bad mood, right?  Indonesian, you can't turn that upstairs into a morning house you can't turn that upstairs into a morning house you can't turn that upstairs into a morning house .  [laughter] It's .  [laughter] It's .  [laughter] It's okay [squeaking] eh.  You surprised me too.  There eh.  You surprised me too.  There eh.  You surprised me too.  There he is.  Yes, that's right.  Is it true that it has a he is.  Yes, that's right.  Is it true that it has a he is.  Yes, that's right.  Is it true that it has a battery?  Is it true?  Okay.  No, battery?  Is it true?  Okay.  No, battery?  Is it true?  Okay.  No, that's not true.  Hold it.  Go ahead, hold it. that's not true.  Hold it.  Go ahead, hold it. that's not true.  Hold it.  Go ahead, hold it. Oh, I don't want you to touch me, mom. Oh, I don't want you to touch me, mom. Oh, I don't want you to touch me, mom. That's kind.  Is that true?  Yes.  True.  Oh, that's That's kind.  Is that true?  Yes.  True.  Oh, that's That's kind.  Is that true?  Yes.  True.  Oh, that's it.  Is it true? it.  Is it true? it.  Is it true? He is real.  Yes. He is real.  Yes. He is real.  Yes. He thought so too.  [laughter] He thought so too.  [laughter] He thought so too.  [laughter] I thought so. I thought so. I thought so. He shouted.  I was He shouted.  I was He shouted.  I was surprised too.  Go ahead.  Go.  Open it.  Hold it surprised too.  Go ahead.  Go.  Open it.  Hold it surprised too.  Go ahead.  Go.  Open it.  Hold it gently, mom.  Hold on, mom.  He doesn't want gently, mom.  Hold on, mom.  He doesn't want gently, mom.  Hold on, mom.  He doesn't want to touch it.  He doesn't want to touch it.  Hold it to touch it.  He doesn't want to touch it.  Hold it to touch it.  He doesn't want to touch it.  Hold it .  That's kind.  The size of the taray. .  That's kind.  The size of the taray. .  That's kind.  The size of the taray. He is going home.  He just showed up. He is going home.  He just showed up. He is going home.  He just showed up. He just got high.  Yes.  It's up to us. He just got high.  Yes.  It's up to us. He just got high.  Yes.  It's up to us. That's the owner of my house.  Is it That's the owner of my house.  Is it That's the owner of my house.  Is it really him?  Yes.  He's really here. really him?  Yes.  He's really here. really him?  Yes.  He's really here. Come inside.  I was really amazed Come inside.  I was really amazed Come inside.  I was really amazed by the dining here. by the dining here. by the dining here. Really amazed.  Yes.   Do Really amazed.  Yes.   Do Really amazed.  Yes.   Do you want to eat something delicious?  You're making me look you want to eat something delicious?  You're making me look you want to eat something delicious?  You're making me look ugly again. Hello.  What is it, madam?  My Kit P Hello Hello.  What is it, madam?  My Kit P Hello Hello.  What is it, madam?  My Kit P Hello is the owner of the house. is the owner of the house. is the owner of the house. [laughter] Sorry about that gang.  He is [laughter] Sorry about that gang.  He is [laughter] Sorry about that gang.  He is actually the owner of the house.  I just said actually the owner of the house.  I just said actually the owner of the house.  I just said dream house.  It's your dream house dream house.  It's your dream house dream house.  It's your dream house too, right?  Or too, right?  Or too, right?  Or I just said dream house.  I said it was mine. I just said dream house.  I said it was mine. I just said dream house.  I said it was mine. We just invited you here.  Oh, you're the We just invited you here.  Oh, you're the We just invited you here.  Oh, you're the only one who claimed this was mine.  I only one who claimed this was mine.  I only one who claimed this was mine.  I just said it was a dream, what happened to me?  Is this just said it was a dream, what happened to me?  Is this just said it was a dream, what happened to me?  Is this your dream house too? It's the same your dream house too? It's the same your dream house too? It's the same dream house, madam. This is our dream house, dream house, madam. This is our dream house, dream house, madam. This is our dream house, but he made it happen. But it's but he made it happen. But it's but he made it happen. But it's also your dream house, madam.  [laughter] also your dream house, madam.  [laughter] also your dream house, madam.  [laughter] All dreams are ours.  So paps, is it your dream house All dreams are ours.  So paps, is it your dream house All dreams are ours.  So paps, is it your dream house or just our dream house because it's or just our dream house because it's or just our dream house because it's beautiful?  There's nothing wrong with beautiful?  There's nothing wrong with beautiful?  There's nothing wrong with dreaming and dreaming and dreaming and insisting.   I insisting.   I insisting.   I hope I have encouraged you.  [laughter] hope I have encouraged you.  [laughter] hope I have encouraged you.  [laughter] No.  I'm just giving you a tour of our dream house No.  I'm just giving you a tour of our dream house No.  I'm just giving you a tour of our dream house .  [laughter] Madam will eat.  Ladies and .  [laughter] Madam will eat.  Ladies and .  [laughter] Madam will eat.  Ladies and gentlemen, follow him on Facebook. gentlemen, follow him on Facebook. We'll put it here, if you're interested in YouTube.  He is We'll put it here, if you're interested in YouTube.  He is We'll put it here, if you're interested in YouTube.  He is our producer for our new digital our producer for our new digital our producer for our new digital movie.  There you go.  Then we shot here. movie.  There you go.  Then we shot here. movie.  There you go.  Then we shot here. Then I said, Miss Jell will make us happy Then I said, Miss Jell will make us happy Then I said, Miss Jell will make us happy because we are so happy because we are so happy because we are so happy here at home.  Yes.  Everything is truly authentic here at home.  Yes.  Everything is truly authentic here at home.  Yes.  Everything is truly authentic from Bali Indonesia.  Yes.  So from Bali Indonesia.  Yes.  So from Bali Indonesia.  Yes.  So Jelly said, "This is my dream house." Jelly said, "This is my dream house." Jelly said, "This is my dream house." I said, "I dream of this too." I said, "I dream of this too." I said, "I dream of this too." My dream is really my dream My dream is really my dream My dream is really my dream man. man. man. Hey, kiss me here.  I'm selling ' Hey, kiss me here.  I'm selling ' Hey, kiss me here.  I'm selling ' selling?  What do you want?  The state selling?  What do you want?  The state selling?  What do you want?  The state survived.  The gwin [laughter] introduce Mr.  Pogi of Nueva Ecija. introduce Mr.  Pogi of Nueva Ecija. introduce Mr.  Pogi of Nueva Ecija. How much is that?  Is it because the How much is that?  Is it because the How much is that?  Is it because the white is smooth?  Yes.  How much is that, ma'am white is smooth?  Yes.  How much is that, ma'am white is smooth?  Yes.  How much is that, ma'am ?  Huh?  How old are you as an adult?  Just a coin. ?  Huh?  How old are you as an adult?  Just a coin. ?  Huh?  How old are you as an adult?  Just a coin. Three twenty coins.  There's still coffee.  Yes. Three twenty coins.  There's still coffee.  Yes. Three twenty coins.  There's still coffee.  Yes. Nothing yet? Nothing yet? Nothing yet? That's really what you came here for.  It seems like That's really what you came here for.  It seems like That's really what you came here for.  It seems like my stomach is getting upset.  [laughter] my stomach is getting upset.  [laughter] my stomach is getting upset.  [laughter] Scolded.  I was cursed at.  Oh, there you go, Scolded.  I was cursed at.  Oh, there you go, Scolded.  I was cursed at.  Oh, there you go, lams.  Um, thank you very much, lams.  Um, thank you very much, lams.  Um, thank you very much, Miss Jelay.  That's it for this content in Miss Jelay.  That's it for this content in Miss Jelay.  That's it for this content in our dream house content tour.  Yes.  So our dream house content tour.  Yes.  So our dream house content tour.  Yes.  So to Ma'am K, thank you very much and to Ma'am K, thank you very much and to Ma'am K, thank you very much and of course, you guys appreciate it, of course, you guys appreciate it, of course, you guys appreciate it, my God, we will update you right away my God, we will update you right away my God, we will update you right away when our new movie will be released. when our new movie will be released. when our new movie will be released. And you are an actor here, of course, And you are an actor here, of course, And you are an actor here, of course, he is an actor here.  With us, of he is an actor here.  With us, of he is an actor here.  With us, of course, were Harl Budle and Ate Negy.  Who course, were Harl Budle and Ate Negy.  Who course, were Harl Budle and Ate Negy.  Who else?  Paul was confused.  Paul, else?  Paul was confused.  Paul, else?  Paul was confused.  Paul, Kuerbas, was confused.  Zara Lopez.  Who is it?  Zara Kuerbas, was confused.  Zara Lopez.  Who is it?  Zara Kuerbas, was confused.  Zara Lopez.  Who is it?  Zara Lopez.  Madam.  Of course, Lopez.  Madam.  Of course, Lopez.  Madam.  Of course, they can ride Adop.  Adopt this with they can ride Adop.  Adopt this with they can ride Adop.  Adopt this with team the muzzle.  Is the team muzzled? team the muzzle.  Is the team muzzled? team the muzzle.  Is the team muzzled? And of course directed by And of course directed by And of course directed by Romel Penesa.  Yes.  Romel Penesa. Romel Penesa.  Yes.  Romel Penesa. Romel Penesa.  Yes.  Romel Penesa. Director.  He was the one who directed Director.  He was the one who directed Director.  He was the one who directed the grandfather in the telesers on GME.  He became a the grandfather in the telesers on GME.  He became a the grandfather in the telesers on GME.  He became a very good director, very dedicated and very good director, very dedicated and very good director, very dedicated and kind.  I'm not really sure kind.  I'm not really sure kind.  I'm not really sure why we didn't why we didn't why we didn't shoot.  Did you feel like shoot.  Did you feel like shoot.  Did you feel like it was just work?  Doesn't it seem like it?  Because it was just work?  Doesn't it seem like it?  Because it was just work?  Doesn't it seem like it?  Because why?  Direasyon is also very supportive, why?  Direasyon is also very supportive, why?  Direasyon is also very supportive, of course.  And we are all happy. of course.  And we are all happy. of course.  And we are all happy. Especially when I'm on vacation. Especially when I'm on vacation. Especially when I'm on vacation. I only have a few SIM cards.  No.  You know, when I only have a few SIM cards.  No.  You know, when I only have a few SIM cards.  No.  You know, when I'm at another taping, it's just a little bit of a shame, I'm at another taping, it's just a little bit of a shame, I'm at another taping, it's just a little bit of a shame, Ashley.  Yes.  Yes.  Ashley Ashley.  Yes.  Yes.  Ashley Ashley.  Yes.  Yes.  Ashley Ortega.  Sister Negy.  No [laughter] Ortega.  Sister Negy.  No [laughter] Ortega.  Sister Negy.  No [laughter] you mentioned.  You mentioned what happened to you mentioned.  You mentioned what happened to you mentioned.  You mentioned what happened to sister Degy there.  It's like this when sister Degy there.  It's like this when sister Degy there.  It's like this when I'm on another shoot and my scene is only a few minutes long, I'm on another shoot and my scene is only a few minutes long, I'm on another shoot and my scene is only a few minutes long, I feel sad because you haven't been there for a long time and I feel sad because you haven't been there for a long time and I feel sad because you haven't been there for a long time and then you're in the then you're in the then you're in the standby area or in the tent or standby area or in the tent or standby area or in the tent or something.  But I'm enjoying this, so something.  But I'm enjoying this, so something.  But I'm enjoying this, so I haven't been called yet.  It's fun because the I haven't been called yet.  It's fun because the I haven't been called yet.  It's fun because the cut itself is so beautiful.  I just cut itself is so beautiful.  I just cut itself is so beautiful.  I just forgot Janis de forgot Janis de forgot Janis de veterans super Janis de veterans super Janis de veterans super Janis de my veteran [laughter] my veteran [laughter] my veteran [laughter] our actress is my boss is awesome just look at our actress is my boss is awesome just look at our actress is my boss is awesome just look at what just look at she caught me she caught me what just look at she caught me she caught me what just look at she caught me she caught me speaking Spanish she was very kind she speaking Spanish she was very kind she speaking Spanish she was very kind she fed you fed you yes fed you fed you yes fed you fed you yes and also and also and also Aunt Janice is very appreciative the one in horror before Aunt Janice is very appreciative the one in horror before Aunt Janice is very appreciative the one in horror before what ti o By the way what what ti o By the way what what ti o By the way what I watched her I watched her I watched her when I was young when I saw her in person she still looks like that when I was young when I saw her in person she still looks like that she is what she is Janice's daughter that's like that that's what she is what she is Janice's daughter that's like that that's what we say we brag to them because really what are we say we brag to them because really what are we say we brag to them because really what are they waiting for that they waiting for that they waiting for that why not with Miss Jay Andreasaka why not with Miss Jay Andreasaka why not with Miss Jay Andreasaka look at the skin no yes yes yes yes look at the skin no yes yes yes yes look at the skin no yes yes yes yes no wrinkles yes we need to tell her no wrinkles yes we need to tell her no wrinkles yes we need to tell her not to involve our opponent not to involve our opponent not to involve our opponent maybe [laughter] adult can do it to me maybe [laughter] adult can do it to me maybe [laughter] adult can do it to me I just didn't pull my hair I I just didn't pull my hair I I just didn't pull my hair I gin [laughter] that's why it takes so long gin [laughter] that's why it takes so long gin [laughter] that's why it takes so long when dad I rarely get mad ah when dad I rarely get mad ah when dad I rarely get mad ah yes it's true ' am I too ah yes it's true ' am I too ah yes it's true ' am I too ah what is he because he used to come here to what is he because he used to come here to what is he because he used to come here to the highland valley but I haven't the highland valley but I haven't the highland valley but I haven't met him yet but when I met him on the met him yet but when I met him on the met him yet but when I met him on the lips  Oh my, you're a beautiful child, you're lips  Oh my, you're a beautiful child, you're lips  Oh my, you're a beautiful child, you're beautiful and kind, that's what's important, are you beautiful and kind, that's what's important, are you beautiful and kind, that's what's important, are you kind or ' ba or look at you or kind or ' ba or look at you or kind or ' ba or look at you or [clearing throat] you're [clearing throat] you're [clearing throat] you're always here or ' ba [laughter] always here or ' ba [laughter] always here or ' ba [laughter] when madam geng came here, when madam geng came here, when madam geng came here, she wasn't here, you were abroad, she wasn't here, you were abroad, she wasn't here, you were abroad, I met madam I met madam I met madam geng's children because we became friends, when we were born, we geng's children because we became friends, when we were born, we geng's children because we became friends, when we were born, we met here, what are we doing, my met here, what are we doing, my met here, what are we doing, my god, I'm really so happy, god, I'm really so happy, god, I'm really so happy, I'm happy, my god, I said, missela is just having I'm happy, my god, I said, missela is just having dinner, is Jay's wife too, no, that's why, laba bobs, many dinner, is Jay's wife too, no, that's why, laba bobs, many My favorite thing here is to really help.  And My favorite thing here is to really help.  And My favorite thing here is to really help.  And one more thing you really come back to, it's not just one more thing you really come back to, it's not just one more thing you really come back to, it's not just the place, the food is delicious. the place, the food is delicious. the place, the food is delicious. You know, you know me, the You know, you know me, the You know, you know me, the food is delicious, it's really delicious, you'll come back food is delicious, it's really delicious, you'll come back food is delicious, it's really delicious, you'll come back later, you'll cook bulalo. later, you'll cook bulalo. later, you'll cook bulalo. Let's cook bulalo.  Madam's request, Let's cook bulalo.  Madam's request, Let's cook bulalo.  Madam's request, please call me here.  Why is it that when please call me here.  Why is it that when please call me here.  Why is it that when we come here, it seems like we come here, it seems like we come here, it seems like we're disciplined, we're not allowed to yuc, is there a designated area where we're we're disciplined, we're not allowed to yuc, is there a designated area where we're we're disciplined, we're not allowed to yuc, is there a designated area where we're not allowed to climb into the car? not allowed to climb into the car? not allowed to climb into the car? They are just downstairs.  You all want it. They are just downstairs.  You all want it. They are just downstairs.  You all want it. You really want to rest, but You really want to rest, but You really want to rest, but you know there's no fresh air, you know there's no fresh air, you know there's no fresh air, no noise, no pollution.  You think no noise, no pollution.  You think no noise, no pollution.  You think you're going to Indonesia again? you're going to Indonesia again? you're going to Indonesia again? It's here.  I've been going It's here.  I've been going It's here.  I've been going abroad, but when I came here, abroad, but when I came here, abroad, but when I came here, I was amazed that there's something like this I was amazed that there's something like this I was amazed that there's something like this here that many of us don't here that many of us don't here that many of us don't know about.  It turns out there's one in Nueva. know about.  It turns out there's one in Nueva. know about.  It turns out there's one in Nueva. Just spend your fare here Just spend your fare here Just spend your fare here .  Right.  Right.  Yes.  And there are .  Right.  Right.  Yes.  And there are .  Right.  Right.  Yes.  And there are masseuses who are good at massaging.  Yes.  You're still here.  What are masseuses who are good at massaging.  Yes.  You're still here.  What are masseuses who are good at massaging.  Yes.  You're still here.  What are you?  You know you are safe.  You are comfortable. you?  You know you are safe.  You are comfortable. you?  You know you are safe.  You are comfortable. Yes.  What is the first time you've come here? Yes.  What is the first time you've come here? Yes.  What is the first time you've come here? This is where Memen celebrated B. Yes. This is where Memen celebrated B. Yes. This is where Memen celebrated B. Yes. Yes.  Here it is, Ma'am G. Yes.  Here it is, Ma'am G. Yes.  Here it is, Ma'am G. Thank you very much and of course Nap Jell. Thank you very much and of course Nap Jell. Thank you very much and of course Nap Jell. Thank you very much.  God bless you. Thank you very much.  God bless you. Thank you very much.  God bless you. God bless you, lava bobs.  God bless God bless you, lava bobs.  God bless God bless you, lava bobs.  God bless us all.  I love you and stay us all.  I love you and stay us all.  I love you and stay safe.  It's raining a little, stay dry.  Don't safe.  It's raining a little, stay dry.  Don't safe.  It's raining a little, stay dry.  Don't go out anymore.  Just a house. go out anymore.  Just a house. go out anymore.  Just a house. Let's just watch on my YouTube and watch Let's just watch on my YouTube and watch Let's just watch on my YouTube and watch Misella.  Yes.  To my loves who are Misella.  Yes.  To my loves who are Misella.  Yes.  To my loves who are watching that couple.  I love you.  I watching that couple.  I love you.  I watching that couple.  I love you.  I love you.  I love you.  I love you.  I love you.  I love you.  I love you.  I love love.  I'm Aunt Geng. love love.  I'm Aunt Geng. love love.  I'm Aunt Geng. Please follow me.  To those who Please follow me.  To those who Please follow me.  To those who love me, love me, love me, please follow Madam Geng and Mama Pipit. please follow Madam Geng and Mama Pipit. please follow Madam Geng and Mama Pipit. Love sayings [music][singing] sayings [music][singing] sayings [music][singing] including the sayings including the people's laabs including the sayings including the people's laabs including the sayings including the people's laabs the people's laabs