Hey guys welcome back to my mini vlog.  So today Hey guys welcome back to my mini vlog.  So today Hey guys welcome back to my mini vlog.  So today 's mini vlog is very special because we were 's mini vlog is very special because we were 's mini vlog is very special because we were going to the market for shopping.  So look, going to the market for shopping.  So look, going to the market for shopping.  So look, here Di's vlogging also started and Arwa here Di's vlogging also started and Arwa here Di's vlogging also started and Arwa Jaan was doing hi and this poor girl got into a Jaan was doing hi and this poor girl got into a Jaan was doing hi and this poor girl got into a bad condition in the car.  He doesn't know bad condition in the car.  He doesn't know bad condition in the car.  He doesn't know what happens.  It feels like vomiting. what happens.  It feels like vomiting. what happens.  It feels like vomiting. So there was a lot of traffic here.  Then So there was a lot of traffic here.  Then So there was a lot of traffic here.  Then finally [music] we arrived and here Pe Di finally [music] we arrived and here Pe Di finally [music] we arrived and here Pe Di and I were talking about something.  So Di was and I were talking about something.  So Di was and I were talking about something.  So Di was laughing at that very thing.  So finally we went to laughing at that very thing.  So finally we went to laughing at that very thing.  So finally we went to Gandhinagar Apsara Road.  You know that a Gandhinagar Apsara Road.  You know that a Gandhinagar Apsara Road.  You know that a very good collection is available here in Jammu. very good collection is available here in Jammu. very good collection is available here in Jammu. We were also thinking the same thing this time We were also thinking the same thing this time We were also thinking the same thing this time [music] too because last year there was a [music] too because last year there was a [music] too because last year there was a very good collection.  So we also went there with that thought in mind. very good collection.  So we also went there with that thought in mind. very good collection.  So we also went there with that thought in mind. Who knows, it might happen this time too.  But whether Who knows, it might happen this time too.  But whether Who knows, it might happen this time too.  But whether we got that good collection this time or not. we got that good collection this time or not. we got that good collection this time or not. You will get to see that in the full vlog.  So You will get to see that in the full vlog.  So You will get to see that in the full vlog.  So here Didi was trying this which was very here Didi was trying this which was very here Didi was trying this which was very cute to me and Didi too.  And cute to me and Didi too.  And cute to me and Didi too.  And look, I bought this suit look, I bought this suit look, I bought this suit at first sight because its stuff was very at first sight because its stuff was very at first sight because its stuff was very soft and it was a very cute suit. soft and it was a very cute suit. soft and it was a very cute suit. So finally we took this one too.  Then we went to So finally we took this one too.  Then we went to So finally we took this one too.  Then we went to see the purse because Didi had to buy a purse. see the purse because Didi had to buy a purse. see the purse because Didi had to buy a purse. He hasn't taken it for a long time.  Then we He hasn't taken it for a long time.  Then we He hasn't taken it for a long time.  Then we finally bought two-three from there, which were a lot. finally bought two-three from there, which were a lot. finally bought two-three from there, which were a lot. So after that we went to Joe's to do So after that we went to Joe's to do So after that we went to Joe's to do some shopping [music] because some shopping [music] because some shopping [music] because we couldn't find what we wanted there.  So we couldn't find what we wanted there.  So we couldn't find what we wanted there.  So finally we went there.  Then we came finally we went there.  Then we came finally we went there.  Then we came here to eat something because here to eat something because here to eat something because we had left in the morning.  I was so hungry, so very we had left in the morning.  I was so hungry, so very we had left in the morning.  I was so hungry, so very much.  So we are going home now.  Thanks much.  So we are going home now.  Thanks much.  So we are going home now.  Thanks for watching.