Brent here with Bring Your Own Tools. Brent here with Bring Your Own Tools. Brent here with Bring Your Own Tools. And on today's episode, we are And on today's episode, we are And on today's episode, we are installing wallpaper. If you'd like to installing wallpaper. If you'd like to installing wallpaper. If you'd like to learn, keep on watching. Let's get learn, keep on watching. Let's get learn, keep on watching. Let's get started. And just like any other good wallpaper And just like any other good wallpaper And just like any other good wallpaper project, it all starts with the project, it all starts with the project, it all starts with the wallpaper. And we are going to be wallpaper. And we are going to be wallpaper. And we are going to be incorporating utilizing the Magnolia incorporating utilizing the Magnolia incorporating utilizing the Magnolia Homes by Joanna Gains wallpaper. It's a Homes by Joanna Gains wallpaper. It's a Homes by Joanna Gains wallpaper. It's a beautiful style, had great reviews, and beautiful style, had great reviews, and beautiful style, had great reviews, and it's beautiful olive oil branches. And it's beautiful olive oil branches. And it's beautiful olive oil branches. And who doesn't love a good olive oil who doesn't love a good olive oil who doesn't love a good olive oil branch, right? I first start by taking a branch, right? I first start by taking a branch, right? I first start by taking a few measurements of the height and total few measurements of the height and total few measurements of the height and total length just to account for how many length just to account for how many length just to account for how many rolls I'm going to have to purchase. I rolls I'm going to have to purchase. I rolls I'm going to have to purchase. I had to purchase two for this one wall had to purchase two for this one wall had to purchase two for this one wall because each roll comes with 56 square because each roll comes with 56 square because each roll comes with 56 square ft and I had approximately 100. Now, I ft and I had approximately 100. Now, I ft and I had approximately 100. Now, I do a general layout review just to see do a general layout review just to see do a general layout review just to see approximately where the panels of the approximately where the panels of the approximately where the panels of the wallpaper will be placed and then wallpaper will be placed and then wallpaper will be placed and then proceed to prepping out an area for proceed to prepping out an area for proceed to prepping out an area for cutting and spraying the wallpaper prior cutting and spraying the wallpaper prior cutting and spraying the wallpaper prior to installing. Now, I put a layer of to installing. Now, I put a layer of to installing. Now, I put a layer of viscine down. One, because I want a very viscine down. One, because I want a very viscine down. One, because I want a very clean work surface, and two, I will be clean work surface, and two, I will be clean work surface, and two, I will be spraying moisture and I don't want the spraying moisture and I don't want the spraying moisture and I don't want the cardboard to suck up the moisture that cardboard to suck up the moisture that cardboard to suck up the moisture that I'm spraying. So, there you go. Now, I I'm spraying. So, there you go. Now, I I'm spraying. So, there you go. Now, I use some general painters tape just to use some general painters tape just to use some general painters tape just to indicate exactly where my pin points are indicate exactly where my pin points are indicate exactly where my pin points are for the pattern. The fact that this for the pattern. The fact that this for the pattern. The fact that this pattern is very random comparatively to pattern is very random comparatively to pattern is very random comparatively to some wallpapers is an indicator that you some wallpapers is an indicator that you some wallpapers is an indicator that you have to make sure and be clear as to have to make sure and be clear as to have to make sure and be clear as to what points you're going to be matching what points you're going to be matching what points you're going to be matching up on each single piece you cut. So, I up on each single piece you cut. So, I up on each single piece you cut. So, I need to make sure that I'm very careful, need to make sure that I'm very careful, need to make sure that I'm very careful, especially with this first piece prior especially with this first piece prior especially with this first piece prior to cutting all the rest because I want to cutting all the rest because I want to cutting all the rest because I want to make sure one, I have a proper to make sure one, I have a proper to make sure one, I have a proper length, and two, it's going to match up length, and two, it's going to match up length, and two, it's going to match up perfectly with the next panels that I'll perfectly with the next panels that I'll perfectly with the next panels that I'll be cutting in sequence. Now, an be cutting in sequence. Now, an be cutting in sequence. Now, an important note to think about, important note to think about, important note to think about, especially when cutting, is that you're especially when cutting, is that you're especially when cutting, is that you're not cutting the exact size that you need not cutting the exact size that you need not cutting the exact size that you need the panels to be. I'm cutting the panels to be. I'm cutting the panels to be. I'm cutting approximately 3 to 6 in extra on both approximately 3 to 6 in extra on both approximately 3 to 6 in extra on both the top and the bottom of the panels. the top and the bottom of the panels. the top and the bottom of the panels. That way, there's plenty extra for me to That way, there's plenty extra for me to That way, there's plenty extra for me to cut off once I place the panels into cut off once I place the panels into cut off once I place the panels into position. Now, the pattern does repeat position. Now, the pattern does repeat position. Now, the pattern does repeat every 24 in approximately, but I still every 24 in approximately, but I still every 24 in approximately, but I still like to apply a bit of blue painters like to apply a bit of blue painters like to apply a bit of blue painters tape to the top and bottom of all panels tape to the top and bottom of all panels tape to the top and bottom of all panels just so it makes a little bit easier to just so it makes a little bit easier to just so it makes a little bit easier to note exactly which corner needs to meet note exactly which corner needs to meet note exactly which corner needs to meet up with each panel prior to me applying up with each panel prior to me applying up with each panel prior to me applying it to the wall. Now, I flip the stack it to the wall. Now, I flip the stack it to the wall. Now, I flip the stack over and then apply another layer of over and then apply another layer of over and then apply another layer of visc visc visc because I'm going to be spraying in this because I'm going to be spraying in this because I'm going to be spraying in this location and I don't want to get my location and I don't want to get my location and I don't want to get my overspray onto the panels. I'm not ready overspray onto the panels. I'm not ready overspray onto the panels. I'm not ready to install yet. Now, this wallpaper does to install yet. Now, this wallpaper does to install yet. Now, this wallpaper does have a water activated adhesive base, have a water activated adhesive base, have a water activated adhesive base, and I am using a high output spray and I am using a high output spray and I am using a high output spray bottle, and there are a plethora of bottle, and there are a plethora of bottle, and there are a plethora of different types of sprays you can use. different types of sprays you can use. different types of sprays you can use. But the key is just having consistent But the key is just having consistent But the key is just having consistent overall contact with moisture over the overall contact with moisture over the overall contact with moisture over the entire surface. That's why you also lay entire surface. That's why you also lay entire surface. That's why you also lay the pieces onto themselves to ensure the pieces onto themselves to ensure the pieces onto themselves to ensure that you have proper adhesion and proper that you have proper adhesion and proper that you have proper adhesion and proper moisture over the entire surface. Now, moisture over the entire surface. Now, moisture over the entire surface. Now, if there's one tool you don't have to if there's one tool you don't have to if there's one tool you don't have to have, but it would make life a lot have, but it would make life a lot have, but it would make life a lot easier, it would be a laser level. Yes, easier, it would be a laser level. Yes, easier, it would be a laser level. Yes, the beauty of a laser level just makes the beauty of a laser level just makes the beauty of a laser level just makes life so much easier when you are life so much easier when you are life so much easier when you are installing this just because you can installing this just because you can installing this just because you can follow that perfect red line all the way follow that perfect red line all the way follow that perfect red line all the way up and all the way down that you can up and all the way down that you can up and all the way down that you can ensure the fact that that is going to be ensure the fact that that is going to be ensure the fact that that is going to be perfectly level. I did draw a line as perfectly level. I did draw a line as perfectly level. I did draw a line as you can see there, but just in order to you can see there, but just in order to you can see there, but just in order to make sure that I had a proper and make sure that I had a proper and make sure that I had a proper and perfect straight line all the way down, perfect straight line all the way down, perfect straight line all the way down, I grabbed my laser level and went off of I grabbed my laser level and went off of I grabbed my laser level and went off of that. Now, the tool that I'm using right that. Now, the tool that I'm using right that. Now, the tool that I'm using right there is a silicone roller, which just there is a silicone roller, which just there is a silicone roller, which just gives you the ability to get a better gives you the ability to get a better gives you the ability to get a better hold and a better adhesion base when hold and a better adhesion base when hold and a better adhesion base when pressing down on the surface. You can pressing down on the surface. You can pressing down on the surface. You can only press down so hard with your hand, only press down so hard with your hand, only press down so hard with your hand, but with a perfect little roller like but with a perfect little roller like but with a perfect little roller like that, you can get a tremendous amount of that, you can get a tremendous amount of that, you can get a tremendous amount of force and pressure on that seam evenly force and pressure on that seam evenly force and pressure on that seam evenly and precisely. Now, a tool you're going and precisely. Now, a tool you're going and precisely. Now, a tool you're going to have to have that makes life a lot to have to have that makes life a lot to have to have that makes life a lot easier is a very sharp blade. And the easier is a very sharp blade. And the easier is a very sharp blade. And the blade that I am using is actually a snap blade that I am using is actually a snap blade that I am using is actually a snap off blade system where it actually has off blade system where it actually has off blade system where it actually has approximately 10 to 15 little blades on approximately 10 to 15 little blades on approximately 10 to 15 little blades on it itself that you can actually snap off it itself that you can actually snap off it itself that you can actually snap off of when they become dull. And you want of when they become dull. And you want of when they become dull. And you want to have a perfectly sharp blade for this to have a perfectly sharp blade for this to have a perfectly sharp blade for this type of application because the cleaner type of application because the cleaner type of application because the cleaner the cut, the cleaner it's going to look the cut, the cleaner it's going to look the cut, the cleaner it's going to look and more professional it's going to look and more professional it's going to look and more professional it's going to look in the end. Now, for this first panel in the end. Now, for this first panel in the end. Now, for this first panel you're installing, you do want it long you're installing, you do want it long you're installing, you do want it long on one side of the adjacent wall. Now, on one side of the adjacent wall. Now, on one side of the adjacent wall. Now, this is just because you want to have a this is just because you want to have a this is just because you want to have a side that you specifically cut and use a side that you specifically cut and use a side that you specifically cut and use a razor blade for versus something that razor blade for versus something that razor blade for versus something that you're just going to be laying right up you're just going to be laying right up you're just going to be laying right up against. That will ensure that you have against. That will ensure that you have against. That will ensure that you have the best fitting panel possible. So, now the best fitting panel possible. So, now the best fitting panel possible. So, now that we have the first panel done, and that we have the first panel done, and that we have the first panel done, and trust me, the first panel was definitely trust me, the first panel was definitely trust me, the first panel was definitely the hardest in this bunch, it is now the hardest in this bunch, it is now the hardest in this bunch, it is now time for the second panel. And now the time for the second panel. And now the time for the second panel. And now the second panel we spray down vigorously second panel we spray down vigorously second panel we spray down vigorously with the spray bottle. And the one thing with the spray bottle. And the one thing with the spray bottle. And the one thing to note that I learned in this process to note that I learned in this process to note that I learned in this process is the more moisture the better. Now I is the more moisture the better. Now I is the more moisture the better. Now I preface that by saying you're not going preface that by saying you're not going preface that by saying you're not going to be dousing this with a gallon of to be dousing this with a gallon of to be dousing this with a gallon of water, but you do want a considerable water, but you do want a considerable water, but you do want a considerable amount of water on this back panel amount of water on this back panel amount of water on this back panel because you want to make sure that the because you want to make sure that the because you want to make sure that the adhesive releases properly and you have adhesive releases properly and you have adhesive releases properly and you have proper adhesion over the entire surface. proper adhesion over the entire surface. proper adhesion over the entire surface. I wasn't getting that with the first two I wasn't getting that with the first two I wasn't getting that with the first two panels, but I was definitely getting panels, but I was definitely getting panels, but I was definitely getting that with every other panel after that. that with every other panel after that. that with every other panel after that. Now, also note is that this adhesive is Now, also note is that this adhesive is Now, also note is that this adhesive is removable. It's not your wallpaper of removable. It's not your wallpaper of removable. It's not your wallpaper of yestery year where it literally is yestery year where it literally is yestery year where it literally is chemically and mechanically bonded to chemically and mechanically bonded to chemically and mechanically bonded to the wall. So, you can only use some the wall. So, you can only use some the wall. So, you can only use some hardcore stripper to remove it or just hardcore stripper to remove it or just hardcore stripper to remove it or just take a full sledgehammer to the wall and take a full sledgehammer to the wall and take a full sledgehammer to the wall and just remove the entire surface with the just remove the entire surface with the just remove the entire surface with the drywall. But that just generally adds a drywall. But that just generally adds a drywall. But that just generally adds a lot of time and energy that we don't lot of time and energy that we don't lot of time and energy that we don't have. And if any of you have actually have. And if any of you have actually have. And if any of you have actually removed old wallpaper, it is the worst removed old wallpaper, it is the worst removed old wallpaper, it is the worst thing you could possibly do. Well, not thing you could possibly do. Well, not thing you could possibly do. Well, not the worst, but just it's miserable. And the worst, but just it's miserable. And the worst, but just it's miserable. And I don't want to put anyone else through I don't want to put anyone else through I don't want to put anyone else through that. Right now, another tool that's that. Right now, another tool that's that. Right now, another tool that's very nice and handy to have while very nice and handy to have while very nice and handy to have while installing this wallpaper is a 6in installing this wallpaper is a 6in installing this wallpaper is a 6in taping knife. Now, this is a plastic taping knife. Now, this is a plastic taping knife. Now, this is a plastic knife that I can just evenly spread knife that I can just evenly spread knife that I can just evenly spread across the entire surface to ensure that across the entire surface to ensure that across the entire surface to ensure that I have even coverage over the entire I have even coverage over the entire I have even coverage over the entire thing. And then I can go back with my thing. And then I can go back with my thing. And then I can go back with my silicone roller and really apply more silicone roller and really apply more silicone roller and really apply more pressure to it. And it really sped up pressure to it. And it really sped up pressure to it. And it really sped up the installation time, which is always the installation time, which is always the installation time, which is always preferable and nice to see. I did preferable and nice to see. I did preferable and nice to see. I did occasionally use a damp sponge, occasionally use a damp sponge, occasionally use a damp sponge, especially where there was areas in especially where there was areas in especially where there was areas in which I cut just because some of those which I cut just because some of those which I cut just because some of those corners might have just been slightly corners might have just been slightly corners might have just been slightly raised at some points, but the sponge raised at some points, but the sponge raised at some points, but the sponge itself tends to get in all those little itself tends to get in all those little itself tends to get in all those little nooks and crannies and was able to nooks and crannies and was able to nooks and crannies and was able to reduce that. Now, if you come across an reduce that. Now, if you come across an reduce that. Now, if you come across an outlet box or another item you have to outlet box or another item you have to outlet box or another item you have to cut around, it's fairly easy, especially cut around, it's fairly easy, especially cut around, it's fairly easy, especially when you're accounting for the trim when you're accounting for the trim when you're accounting for the trim plate that goes around it because that's plate that goes around it because that's plate that goes around it because that's going to cover up all those loose ends. going to cover up all those loose ends. going to cover up all those loose ends. But just make sure you have proper But just make sure you have proper But just make sure you have proper alignment from the adjacent wallpaper alignment from the adjacent wallpaper alignment from the adjacent wallpaper prior to cutting it out just to make prior to cutting it out just to make prior to cutting it out just to make sure you have the holes in the right sure you have the holes in the right sure you have the holes in the right locations. locations. locations. As for all the tools that I'm using in As for all the tools that I'm using in As for all the tools that I'm using in this video, I'll make sure and leave a this video, I'll make sure and leave a this video, I'll make sure and leave a link in the description box below on link in the description box below on link in the description box below on where to actually purchase them because where to actually purchase them because where to actually purchase them because they were all quite helpful in this they were all quite helpful in this they were all quite helpful in this entire process. entire process. entire process. Now, if you come across an area which Now, if you come across an area which Now, if you come across an area which you have an outside corner where the you have an outside corner where the you have an outside corner where the wallpaper is going to be butdding up wallpaper is going to be butdding up wallpaper is going to be butdding up against, just make sure you have a very against, just make sure you have a very against, just make sure you have a very sharp blade. Cut the edge. Then use your sharp blade. Cut the edge. Then use your sharp blade. Cut the edge. Then use your silicone roller to roll off that edge silicone roller to roll off that edge silicone roller to roll off that edge and finish it off with your sponge and finish it off with your sponge and finish it off with your sponge because the sponge just tends to add the because the sponge just tends to add the because the sponge just tends to add the perfect mixture between moisture and perfect mixture between moisture and perfect mixture between moisture and pressure to lay that edge flat and clean pressure to lay that edge flat and clean pressure to lay that edge flat and clean against the other adjacent wall that is against the other adjacent wall that is against the other adjacent wall that is paint. And you're going to be looking at paint. And you're going to be looking at paint. And you're going to be looking at this edge quite often. So you want to this edge quite often. So you want to this edge quite often. So you want to make sure it looks good. make sure it looks good. make sure it looks good. As for the final finishing touches, go As for the final finishing touches, go As for the final finishing touches, go ahead install your trim plates on all ahead install your trim plates on all ahead install your trim plates on all your electrical components. And what I your electrical components. And what I your electrical components. And what I do on all seams is actually caulk all do on all seams is actually caulk all do on all seams is actually caulk all the seams to the base or the adjacent the seams to the base or the adjacent the seams to the base or the adjacent wall that it's connected to. This just wall that it's connected to. This just wall that it's connected to. This just gives it a nice perfect seamless edge gives it a nice perfect seamless edge gives it a nice perfect seamless edge and adds just a bit more professional and adds just a bit more professional and adds just a bit more professional look to your entire project. And let's look to your entire project. And let's look to your entire project. And let's just say $6 tube of caulking that makes just say $6 tube of caulking that makes just say $6 tube of caulking that makes your job look better is always going to your job look better is always going to your job look better is always going to go down as a win in my book. Now, I must say right off the bat, that Now, I must say right off the bat, that Now, I must say right off the bat, that is one beautiful, sexy beast of an is one beautiful, sexy beast of an is one beautiful, sexy beast of an accent wall with amazing wallpaper. I accent wall with amazing wallpaper. I accent wall with amazing wallpaper. I mean, look at that. You can barely even mean, look at that. You can barely even mean, look at that. You can barely even see the scene.