Brent here with Bring Your Own Tools.
And on today's episode, we are
installing wallpaper. If you'd like to
learn, keep on watching. Let's get
started.
And just like any other good wallpaper
project, it all starts with the
wallpaper. And we are going to be
incorporating utilizing the Magnolia
Homes by Joanna Gains wallpaper. It's a
beautiful style, had great reviews, and
it's beautiful olive oil branches. And
who doesn't love a good olive oil
branch, right? I first start by taking a
few measurements of the height and total
length just to account for how many
rolls I'm going to have to purchase. I
had to purchase two for this one wall
because each roll comes with 56 square
ft and I had approximately 100. Now, I
do a general layout review just to see
approximately where the panels of the
wallpaper will be placed and then
proceed to prepping out an area for
cutting and spraying the wallpaper prior
to installing. Now, I put a layer of
viscine down. One, because I want a very
clean work surface, and two, I will be
spraying moisture and I don't want the
cardboard to suck up the moisture that
I'm spraying. So, there you go. Now, I
use some general painters tape just to
indicate exactly where my pin points are
for the pattern. The fact that this
pattern is very random comparatively to
some wallpapers is an indicator that you
have to make sure and be clear as to
what points you're going to be matching
up on each single piece you cut. So, I
need to make sure that I'm very careful,
especially with this first piece prior
to cutting all the rest because I want
to make sure one, I have a proper
length, and two, it's going to match up
perfectly with the next panels that I'll
be cutting in sequence. Now, an
important note to think about,
especially when cutting, is that you're
not cutting the exact size that you need
the panels to be. I'm cutting
approximately 3 to 6 in extra on both
the top and the bottom of the panels.
That way, there's plenty extra for me to
cut off once I place the panels into
position. Now, the pattern does repeat
every 24 in approximately, but I still
like to apply a bit of blue painters
tape to the top and bottom of all panels
just so it makes a little bit easier to
note exactly which corner needs to meet
up with each panel prior to me applying
it to the wall. Now, I flip the stack
over and then apply another layer of
visc
because I'm going to be spraying in this
location and I don't want to get my
overspray onto the panels. I'm not ready
to install yet. Now, this wallpaper does
have a water activated adhesive base,
and I am using a high output spray
bottle, and there are a plethora of
different types of sprays you can use.
But the key is just having consistent
overall contact with moisture over the
entire surface. That's why you also lay
the pieces onto themselves to ensure
that you have proper adhesion and proper
moisture over the entire surface. Now,
if there's one tool you don't have to
have, but it would make life a lot
easier, it would be a laser level. Yes,
the beauty of a laser level just makes
life so much easier when you are
installing this just because you can
follow that perfect red line all the way
up and all the way down that you can
ensure the fact that that is going to be
perfectly level. I did draw a line as
you can see there, but just in order to
make sure that I had a proper and
perfect straight line all the way down,
I grabbed my laser level and went off of
that. Now, the tool that I'm using right
there is a silicone roller, which just
gives you the ability to get a better
hold and a better adhesion base when
pressing down on the surface. You can
only press down so hard with your hand,
but with a perfect little roller like
that, you can get a tremendous amount of
force and pressure on that seam evenly
and precisely. Now, a tool you're going
to have to have that makes life a lot
easier is a very sharp blade. And the
blade that I am using is actually a snap
off blade system where it actually has
approximately 10 to 15 little blades on
it itself that you can actually snap off
of when they become dull. And you want
to have a perfectly sharp blade for this
type of application because the cleaner
the cut, the cleaner it's going to look
and more professional it's going to look
in the end. Now, for this first panel
you're installing, you do want it long
on one side of the adjacent wall. Now,
this is just because you want to have a
side that you specifically cut and use a
razor blade for versus something that
you're just going to be laying right up
against. That will ensure that you have
the best fitting panel possible. So, now
that we have the first panel done, and
trust me, the first panel was definitely
the hardest in this bunch, it is now
time for the second panel. And now the
second panel we spray down vigorously
with the spray bottle. And the one thing
to note that I learned in this process
is the more moisture the better. Now I
preface that by saying you're not going
to be dousing this with a gallon of
water, but you do want a considerable
amount of water on this back panel
because you want to make sure that the
adhesive releases properly and you have
proper adhesion over the entire surface.
I wasn't getting that with the first two
panels, but I was definitely getting
that with every other panel after that.
Now, also note is that this adhesive is
removable. It's not your wallpaper of
yestery year where it literally is
chemically and mechanically bonded to
the wall. So, you can only use some
hardcore stripper to remove it or just
take a full sledgehammer to the wall and
just remove the entire surface with the
drywall. But that just generally adds a
lot of time and energy that we don't
have. And if any of you have actually
removed old wallpaper, it is the worst
thing you could possibly do. Well, not
the worst, but just it's miserable. And
I don't want to put anyone else through
that. Right now, another tool that's
very nice and handy to have while
installing this wallpaper is a 6in
taping knife. Now, this is a plastic
knife that I can just evenly spread
across the entire surface to ensure that
I have even coverage over the entire
thing. And then I can go back with my
silicone roller and really apply more
pressure to it. And it really sped up
the installation time, which is always
preferable and nice to see. I did
occasionally use a damp sponge,
especially where there was areas in
which I cut just because some of those
corners might have just been slightly
raised at some points, but the sponge
itself tends to get in all those little
nooks and crannies and was able to
reduce that. Now, if you come across an
outlet box or another item you have to
cut around, it's fairly easy, especially
when you're accounting for the trim
plate that goes around it because that's
going to cover up all those loose ends.
But just make sure you have proper
alignment from the adjacent wallpaper
prior to cutting it out just to make
sure you have the holes in the right
locations.
As for all the tools that I'm using in
this video, I'll make sure and leave a
link in the description box below on
where to actually purchase them because
they were all quite helpful in this
entire process.
Now, if you come across an area which
you have an outside corner where the
wallpaper is going to be butdding up
against, just make sure you have a very
sharp blade. Cut the edge. Then use your
silicone roller to roll off that edge
and finish it off with your sponge
because the sponge just tends to add the
perfect mixture between moisture and
pressure to lay that edge flat and clean
against the other adjacent wall that is
paint. And you're going to be looking at
this edge quite often. So you want to
make sure it looks good.
As for the final finishing touches, go
ahead install your trim plates on all
your electrical components. And what I
do on all seams is actually caulk all
the seams to the base or the adjacent
wall that it's connected to. This just
gives it a nice perfect seamless edge
and adds just a bit more professional
look to your entire project. And let's
just say $6 tube of caulking that makes
your job look better is always going to
go down as a win in my book.
Now, I must say right off the bat, that
is one beautiful, sexy beast of an
accent wall with amazing wallpaper. I
mean, look at that. You can barely even
see the scene.
