Hi, this is me. In this video, I decided Hi, this is me. In this video, I decided Hi, this is me. In this video, I decided to wake up at 5:00 a.m. every day for a to wake up at 5:00 a.m. every day for a to wake up at 5:00 a.m. every day for a week to see how my body and routine week to see how my body and routine week to see how my body and routine would react to the Pinterest morning would react to the Pinterest morning would react to the Pinterest morning lifestyle. I hope you guys enjoy and lifestyle. I hope you guys enjoy and lifestyle. I hope you guys enjoy and let's see if I survive. No, I'm actually falling back asleep. No, I'm actually falling back asleep. No, I'm actually falling back asleep. Okay, good morning everyone. It is 5:00 Okay, good morning everyone. It is 5:00 Okay, good morning everyone. It is 5:00 a.m. I don't know what I'm doing. a.m. I don't know what I'm doing. a.m. I don't know what I'm doing. You know, I wanted to try out the You know, I wanted to try out the You know, I wanted to try out the lifestyle of waking up at 5:00 a.m. lifestyle of waking up at 5:00 a.m. lifestyle of waking up at 5:00 a.m. being productive. You know the drill. I being productive. You know the drill. I being productive. You know the drill. I want to see want to see want to see I want to see if I'm built for this I want to see if I'm built for this I want to see if I'm built for this life, you know, and this video is going life, you know, and this video is going life, you know, and this video is going to be my way of testing it. Hi everyone. to be my way of testing it. Hi everyone. to be my way of testing it. Hi everyone. Welcome. Welcome back to my channel. Welcome. Welcome back to my channel. Welcome. Welcome back to my channel. This video is going to be waking up at This video is going to be waking up at This video is going to be waking up at 5:00 a.m. for a week. 5:00 a.m. for a week. 5:00 a.m. for a week. Wrap it up. That was my you need to wake Wrap it up. That was my you need to wake Wrap it up. That was my you need to wake up alarm just in case, you know, the up alarm just in case, you know, the up alarm just in case, you know, the five one didn't work. Yeah, I'm going to five one didn't work. Yeah, I'm going to five one didn't work. Yeah, I'm going to be waking up at 5:00 a.m. for the rest be waking up at 5:00 a.m. for the rest be waking up at 5:00 a.m. for the rest of this week. This school week, by the of this week. This school week, by the of this week. This school week, by the way. I don't know how I'm going to way. I don't know how I'm going to way. I don't know how I'm going to handle it with school. This is really me handle it with school. This is really me handle it with school. This is really me just doing an experiment. So, yeah, just doing an experiment. So, yeah, just doing an experiment. So, yeah, let's get going. I'm so tired. Okay, you guys, I haven't been talking Okay, you guys, I haven't been talking Okay, you guys, I haven't been talking much because, you know, I'm trying to much because, you know, I'm trying to much because, you know, I'm trying to like allot myself time to do things like allot myself time to do things like allot myself time to do things because I don't know how the timing is because I don't know how the timing is because I don't know how the timing is going to work since I'm going to the gym going to work since I'm going to the gym going to work since I'm going to the gym this early. I think what I'm going to this early. I think what I'm going to this early. I think what I'm going to have to do is like prep a little free have to do is like prep a little free have to do is like prep a little free gym snack the night before. I'm scared gym snack the night before. I'm scared gym snack the night before. I'm scared to open the garage. Okay. Okay. Okay. I've never had to drive this early, so I I've never had to drive this early, so I I've never had to drive this early, so I don't know how this is going to go. The don't know how this is going to go. The don't know how this is going to go. The only way that I'm going to get through only way that I'm going to get through only way that I'm going to get through this because I'm actually I'm actively this because I'm actually I'm actively this because I'm actually I'm actively not very awake right now. If I just play not very awake right now. If I just play not very awake right now. If I just play some Ooh, I just realized my car is probably Ooh, I just realized my car is probably Ooh, I just realized my car is probably You can definitely hear my car inside You can definitely hear my car inside You can definitely hear my car inside the house. I cannot keep wasting time. I the house. I cannot keep wasting time. I the house. I cannot keep wasting time. I want to get a good lift in. Made it. I want to get a good lift in. Made it. I want to get a good lift in. Made it. I don't think I've Hello. I'm right here. don't think I've Hello. I'm right here. don't think I've Hello. I'm right here. I've never driven at the at the I've I've never driven at the at the I've I've never driven at the at the I've never driven at that time ever. It was never driven at that time ever. It was never driven at that time ever. It was so weird. Kind of scary honestly because so weird. Kind of scary honestly because so weird. Kind of scary honestly because I couldn't see my surroundings. It's a I couldn't see my surroundings. It's a I couldn't see my surroundings. It's a whole different experience and that's whole different experience and that's whole different experience and that's why I wanted to document this week. Like why I wanted to document this week. Like why I wanted to document this week. Like I just I know this week is going to be I just I know this week is going to be I just I know this week is going to be so many different experiences. Last year so many different experiences. Last year so many different experiences. Last year and the year before that, I could have and the year before that, I could have and the year before that, I could have woken up at 5:00 a.m. for a week and it woken up at 5:00 a.m. for a week and it woken up at 5:00 a.m. for a week and it wouldn't have been that impactful wouldn't have been that impactful wouldn't have been that impactful because I didn't have a car to like go because I didn't have a car to like go because I didn't have a car to like go to the gym. The only thing I'd be able to the gym. The only thing I'd be able to the gym. The only thing I'd be able to do is run in the morning, which, you to do is run in the morning, which, you to do is run in the morning, which, you know, I've done that in the past. She's know, I've done that in the past. She's know, I've done that in the past. She's she's fun, but it's really painful after she's fun, but it's really painful after she's fun, but it's really painful after a while. Hopefully, this is going to be a while. Hopefully, this is going to be a while. Hopefully, this is going to be therapeutic. If it's not, I'm I'm therapeutic. If it's not, I'm I'm therapeutic. If it's not, I'm I'm wasting my time. Speaking of wasting my wasting my time. Speaking of wasting my wasting my time. Speaking of wasting my time, let's go inside. Today is push time, let's go inside. Today is push time, let's go inside. Today is push day. So, chest, shoulders, and try, aka day. So, chest, shoulders, and try, aka day. So, chest, shoulders, and try, aka my least favorite day, which I know is a my least favorite day, which I know is a my least favorite day, which I know is a pretty controversial topic because pretty controversial topic because pretty controversial topic because everybody loves push day for some everybody loves push day for some everybody loves push day for some reason. I'm not a push kind of person. I need to see this every morning. This I need to see this every morning. This I need to see this every morning. This is definitely a reason to wake up. Holy. is definitely a reason to wake up. Holy. is definitely a reason to wake up. Holy. I am done with the gym for today. That I am done with the gym for today. That I am done with the gym for today. That was nice. It was nice not having as many was nice. It was nice not having as many was nice. It was nice not having as many people there. Actually, I don't even people there. Actually, I don't even people there. Actually, I don't even think it was like not having as many think it was like not having as many think it was like not having as many people. I think it was just not having people. I think it was just not having people. I think it was just not having people my age. Good lift. I want to go people my age. Good lift. I want to go people my age. Good lift. I want to go home now, eat some food. I see a school home now, eat some food. I see a school home now, eat some food. I see a school bus, but time is currently 7:09 a.m. I bus, but time is currently 7:09 a.m. I bus, but time is currently 7:09 a.m. I feel a little tired, but I feel like I feel a little tired, but I feel like I feel a little tired, but I feel like I still get to have my energy drink today. still get to have my energy drink today. still get to have my energy drink today. I still need to eat as well. So, I think I still need to eat as well. So, I think I still need to eat as well. So, I think I'm going to try and update you guys I'm going to try and update you guys I'm going to try and update you guys like every period during the school day like every period during the school day like every period during the school day to tell you how I'm feeling. But, I to tell you how I'm feeling. But, I to tell you how I'm feeling. But, I definitely think that later in the week, definitely think that later in the week, definitely think that later in the week, like probably, well, today is already like probably, well, today is already like probably, well, today is already Tuesday, so I feel like I feel like Tuesday, so I feel like I feel like Tuesday, so I feel like I feel like Thursday and Friday, I'm going to be Thursday and Friday, I'm going to be Thursday and Friday, I'm going to be really tired. Tomorrow, which is really tired. Tomorrow, which is really tired. Tomorrow, which is Wednesday, I feel like it won't be that Wednesday, I feel like it won't be that Wednesday, I feel like it won't be that bad cuz I'm still going to have like the bad cuz I'm still going to have like the bad cuz I'm still going to have like the the adrenaline of just waking up early. the adrenaline of just waking up early. the adrenaline of just waking up early. But, I can't believe I've been up for 2 But, I can't believe I've been up for 2 But, I can't believe I've been up for 2 hours already. hours already. hours already. Y'all, I'm I'm feeling it. I'm not >> Oh, this is nice. Okay, we're in. We're >> Oh, this is nice. Okay, we're in. We're >> Oh, this is nice. Okay, we're in. We're in AP Lang. I haven't updated you guys in AP Lang. I haven't updated you guys in AP Lang. I haven't updated you guys in a while, but I'm feeling it right in a while, but I'm feeling it right in a while, but I'm feeling it right now. So, I think it's time for me to now. So, I think it's time for me to now. So, I think it's time for me to open this. >> Yeah. Or anything like I'm going to >> Yeah. Or anything like I'm going to >> Yeah. Or anything like I'm going to actually update you guys from now on. actually update you guys from now on. actually update you guys from now on. Also, in my second period, I was Also, in my second period, I was Also, in my second period, I was freezing. It was a whole 2° in there. My freezing. It was a whole 2° in there. My freezing. It was a whole 2° in there. My body Uhuh. Hopefully, this wakes me up a body Uhuh. Hopefully, this wakes me up a body Uhuh. Hopefully, this wakes me up a little bit cuz I was in math like little bit cuz I was in math like little bit cuz I was in math like genuinely falling asleep. I'm not that genuinely falling asleep. I'm not that genuinely falling asleep. I'm not that tired right now. tired right now. tired right now. >> I kind of feel Well, I'm not that tired thankfully. Well, I'm not that tired thankfully. Well, I'm not that tired thankfully. It's cuz I'm eating. It's cuz I'm eating. It's cuz I'm eating. >> Oh, honey. better tires. >> Oh, honey. better tires. >> Oh, honey. better tires. >> I know we see a common theme here. >> I know we see a common theme here. >> I know we see a common theme here. >> Consistency is key, right? >> Consistency is key, right? >> Consistency is key, right? >> V8 rice and chicken. >> V8 rice and chicken. >> V8 rice and chicken. >> See y'all? >> See y'all? >> See y'all? >> I don't know. Hannah, what's your pulse? >> I don't know. Hannah, what's your pulse? >> I don't know. Hannah, what's your pulse? >> Literally 68 >> Literally 68 >> Literally 68 >> and it's been stuck at 68 >> and it's been stuck at 68 >> and it's been stuck at 68 >> for like 5 minutes now. >> for like 5 minutes now. >> for like 5 minutes now. >> Yeah, I don't. Okay, I think you have a >> Yeah, I don't. Okay, I think you have a >> Yeah, I don't. Okay, I think you have a defective one. Okay, guys. We're in defective one. Okay, guys. We're in defective one. Okay, guys. We're in anatomy. >> We just did a little stress lab. We had >> We just did a little stress lab. We had >> We just did a little stress lab. We had like like like >> stabbing ourselves to cause stress. >> stabbing ourselves to cause stress. >> stabbing ourselves to cause stress. >> We're using clothes spins. Probably >> We're using clothes spins. Probably >> We're using clothes spins. Probably pinch ourselves. Stress lab pinch ourselves. Stress lab pinch ourselves. Stress lab >> and we're using um pulse monitors. >> and we're using um pulse monitors. >> and we're using um pulse monitors. Basically, we had to like lay down on Basically, we had to like lay down on Basically, we had to like lay down on these tables and check our resting rate these tables and check our resting rate these tables and check our resting rate and then we stood up. We just, you know, and then we stood up. We just, you know, and then we stood up. We just, you know, >> it was fun. All right, I am done with >> it was fun. All right, I am done with >> it was fun. All right, I am done with school. I'm honestly done with today. school. I'm honestly done with today. school. I'm honestly done with today. I'm tired, but I got to go home. I have I'm tired, but I got to go home. I have I'm tired, but I got to go home. I have to read for AP Lang, study for AP Gov, to read for AP Lang, study for AP Gov, to read for AP Lang, study for AP Gov, and study for honors camp. It's okay. and study for honors camp. It's okay. and study for honors camp. It's okay. Overall, I felt more awake today than I Overall, I felt more awake today than I Overall, I felt more awake today than I would normally be if I like woke up late would normally be if I like woke up late would normally be if I like woke up late on accident. There's a very clear on accident. There's a very clear on accident. There's a very clear difference. I'm going to try and get out difference. I'm going to try and get out difference. I'm going to try and get out of this parking lot. It's not going to of this parking lot. It's not going to of this parking lot. It's not going to be fun, but I'm going to go home now. be fun, but I'm going to go home now. be fun, but I'm going to go home now. Maybe I'll tan when I get home. It's Maybe I'll tan when I get home. It's Maybe I'll tan when I get home. It's really nice outside. But it has been an really nice outside. But it has been an really nice outside. But it has been an insane past few hours. I've been insane past few hours. I've been insane past few hours. I've been switching between studying, finishing up switching between studying, finishing up switching between studying, finishing up homework, editing a video, talking with homework, editing a video, talking with homework, editing a video, talking with a few friends. I showered as well. I'm a few friends. I showered as well. I'm a few friends. I showered as well. I'm very proud of the work I've gotten done. very proud of the work I've gotten done. very proud of the work I've gotten done. Time is currently 9:59. I definitely Time is currently 9:59. I definitely Time is currently 9:59. I definitely need to go to bed soon because it's I'm need to go to bed soon because it's I'm need to go to bed soon because it's I'm just being realistic. It's not Hello. just being realistic. It's not Hello. just being realistic. It's not Hello. I'm just going to be realistic. It's not I'm just going to be realistic. It's not I'm just going to be realistic. It's not sustainable for me to be going to bed sustainable for me to be going to bed sustainable for me to be going to bed honestly later than like 9:30 if I'm honestly later than like 9:30 if I'm honestly later than like 9:30 if I'm going to be waking up at 5:00. Tonight going to be waking up at 5:00. Tonight going to be waking up at 5:00. Tonight is just a little bit different cuz I do is just a little bit different cuz I do is just a little bit different cuz I do have two tests tomorrow. So, you know, I have two tests tomorrow. So, you know, I have two tests tomorrow. So, you know, I promise y'all I will go to bed soon. promise y'all I will go to bed soon. promise y'all I will go to bed soon. Like I said, I am very proud of my work. Like I said, I am very proud of my work. Like I said, I am very proud of my work. Got my chem here. Go. It's honestly just Got my chem here. Go. It's honestly just Got my chem here. Go. It's honestly just chem and gov scattered everywhere. At chem and gov scattered everywhere. At chem and gov scattered everywhere. At some point, I'm just going to put this some point, I'm just going to put this some point, I'm just going to put this stuff away, call it a night, and then we stuff away, call it a night, and then we stuff away, call it a night, and then we can hope for the best for tomorrow. can hope for the best for tomorrow. can hope for the best for tomorrow. Yeah, I'm gonna finish this up and I Yeah, I'm gonna finish this up and I Yeah, I'm gonna finish this up and I will see you guys bright and early, I will see you guys bright and early, I will see you guys bright and early, I guess, dark and early tomorrow morning guess, dark and early tomorrow morning guess, dark and early tomorrow morning at 5:00 a.m. at 5:00 a.m. at 5:00 a.m. Okay, today I'm a little more Okay, today I'm a little more Okay, today I'm a little more disoriented. I will say that when that disoriented. I will say that when that disoriented. I will say that when that alarm woke me up, I it definitely wasn't alarm woke me up, I it definitely wasn't alarm woke me up, I it definitely wasn't that difficult like to get up, but there that difficult like to get up, but there that difficult like to get up, but there was this feeling inside my body that was was this feeling inside my body that was was this feeling inside my body that was like, "Hey, just don't get up." Like, like, "Hey, just don't get up." Like, like, "Hey, just don't get up." Like, it's never that serious. But today, I it's never that serious. But today, I it's never that serious. But today, I want to try and be more efficient with want to try and be more efficient with want to try and be more efficient with my time. Yesterday, I took a long time my time. Yesterday, I took a long time my time. Yesterday, I took a long time to get out of the house. I want today to to get out of the house. I want today to to get out of the house. I want today to be more efficient than yesterday. Also be more efficient than yesterday. Also be more efficient than yesterday. Also in the gym, too, because yesterday I was in the gym, too, because yesterday I was in the gym, too, because yesterday I was kind of messing around for a little bit. kind of messing around for a little bit. kind of messing around for a little bit. So, yeah, I'm going to go get ready, be So, yeah, I'm going to go get ready, be So, yeah, I'm going to go get ready, be quick, and let's go to the gym. I beat quick, and let's go to the gym. I beat quick, and let's go to the gym. I beat my other alarm. my other alarm. my other alarm. Okay, let's go. You know, it's crazy Okay, let's go. You know, it's crazy Okay, let's go. You know, it's crazy when I'm leaving before my dad leaves when I'm leaving before my dad leaves when I'm leaving before my dad leaves for work. He leaves early. I think he's for work. He leaves early. I think he's for work. He leaves early. I think he's leaving a little bit later today cuz he leaving a little bit later today cuz he leaving a little bit later today cuz he just got back from a trip. But pre gym just got back from a trip. But pre gym just got back from a trip. But pre gym snack today is a banana and yogurt. If snack today is a banana and yogurt. If snack today is a banana and yogurt. If y'all have any suggestions on what I y'all have any suggestions on what I y'all have any suggestions on what I should eat for the gym, please let me should eat for the gym, please let me should eat for the gym, please let me know. Something quick and easy. I am know. Something quick and easy. I am know. Something quick and easy. I am leaving the house a little bit quicker leaving the house a little bit quicker leaving the house a little bit quicker than I did yesterday. I think it's like than I did yesterday. I think it's like than I did yesterday. I think it's like 7 8 minutes quicker. That's a big 7 8 minutes quicker. That's a big 7 8 minutes quicker. That's a big difference when you're in a time slot difference when you're in a time slot difference when you're in a time slot like this. So, I made it. That man is like this. So, I made it. That man is like this. So, I made it. That man is watching me. Okay, I'm not going to talk watching me. Okay, I'm not going to talk watching me. Okay, I'm not going to talk much cuz I want to go lift. Today is much cuz I want to go lift. Today is much cuz I want to go lift. Today is pull day. Back in by kind of cold. I've pull day. Back in by kind of cold. I've pull day. Back in by kind of cold. I've had the heat on the entire car ride. I had the heat on the entire car ride. I had the heat on the entire car ride. I really just want to sit in my car and really just want to sit in my car and really just want to sit in my car and watch TikTok. Like, I'm stuck between watch TikTok. Like, I'm stuck between watch TikTok. Like, I'm stuck between doing that and lifting. So, Another early morning. I am rewarded with this. early morning. I am rewarded with this. early morning. I am rewarded with this. I actually This makes it all worth it. I actually This makes it all worth it. I actually This makes it all worth it. Like actually this is crazy. So pretty. Like actually this is crazy. So pretty. Like actually this is crazy. So pretty. Wow. Okay. Wo, that was kind of a mid Wow. Okay. Wo, that was kind of a mid Wow. Okay. Wo, that was kind of a mid lift. You know what happens sometimes? lift. You know what happens sometimes? lift. You know what happens sometimes? Some effort is better than none. I also Some effort is better than none. I also Some effort is better than none. I also noticed that I was yawning a lot when I noticed that I was yawning a lot when I noticed that I was yawning a lot when I was lifting today, which doesn't really was lifting today, which doesn't really was lifting today, which doesn't really happen. I definitely will go to bed happen. I definitely will go to bed happen. I definitely will go to bed early tonight. I think my brain just early tonight. I think my brain just early tonight. I think my brain just feels a little foggy right now as well. feels a little foggy right now as well. feels a little foggy right now as well. I've been up for almost 2 hours now. So, I've been up for almost 2 hours now. So, I've been up for almost 2 hours now. So, I'm going to go home, make breakfast, do I'm going to go home, make breakfast, do I'm going to go home, make breakfast, do a little refresh, get dressed for the a little refresh, get dressed for the a little refresh, get dressed for the day, and I'm actually going to get to day, and I'm actually going to get to day, and I'm actually going to get to the school early. It's literally It's the school early. It's literally It's the school early. It's literally It's 6:49. It feels like I've been awake for 6:49. It feels like I've been awake for 6:49. It feels like I've been awake for like 5 hours already. Let's drive home. like 5 hours already. Let's drive home. like 5 hours already. Let's drive home. Okay, guys. Here is the outfit of the Okay, guys. Here is the outfit of the Okay, guys. Here is the outfit of the day. I have two of my favorite necklaces day. I have two of my favorite necklaces day. I have two of my favorite necklaces on. Gray zip up, this Orlando shirt, and on. Gray zip up, this Orlando shirt, and on. Gray zip up, this Orlando shirt, and I have these blue jeans, my Tims. I need I have these blue jeans, my Tims. I need I have these blue jeans, my Tims. I need to go. Let's go to school. Okay, we're to go. Let's go to school. Okay, we're to go. Let's go to school. Okay, we're studying for Gov and Chem. studying for Gov and Chem. studying for Gov and Chem. >> So, the consensus was we don't need to >> So, the consensus was we don't need to >> So, the consensus was we don't need to study for Gov. Um, you know what? I study for Gov. Um, you know what? I study for Gov. Um, you know what? I don't have time for reading that book don't have time for reading that book don't have time for reading that book for Elang for Elang for Elang >> or finishing the TED talk paper. >> or finishing the TED talk paper. >> or finishing the TED talk paper. >> I already have like more than half of it >> I already have like more than half of it >> I already have like more than half of it done. I can probably fidget Fidget done. I can probably fidget Fidget done. I can probably fidget Fidget finish. But if she just gives us this finish. But if she just gives us this finish. But if she just gives us this and tells us to fill it in, I can get so and tells us to fill it in, I can get so and tells us to fill it in, I can get so many good points. many good points. many good points. >> And this this is pretty easy cuz it's >> And this this is pretty easy cuz it's >> And this this is pretty easy cuz it's like whatever it's now this like whatever it's now this like whatever it's now this >> I don't know and I don't care. Okay, time is currently 8:51. I have a Okay, time is currently 8:51. I have a Okay, time is currently 8:51. I have a reason as to why I did not film for like reason as to why I did not film for like reason as to why I did not film for like the past 9 hours. My mood today was very the past 9 hours. My mood today was very the past 9 hours. My mood today was very up and down and I was just like swinging up and down and I was just like swinging up and down and I was just like swinging in and out of like I feel like I can't in and out of like I feel like I can't in and out of like I feel like I can't do this. I'm so tired. You know, I've do this. I'm so tired. You know, I've do this. I'm so tired. You know, I've been pretty vulnerable today. I don't been pretty vulnerable today. I don't been pretty vulnerable today. I don't even know how to describe it. Usually I even know how to describe it. Usually I even know how to describe it. Usually I don't like filming when I'm like that don't like filming when I'm like that don't like filming when I'm like that because it's not not fun to watch and because it's not not fun to watch and because it's not not fun to watch and it's not fun to edit either cuz I end up it's not fun to edit either cuz I end up it's not fun to edit either cuz I end up literally just making fun of myself the literally just making fun of myself the literally just making fun of myself the entire time. I don't know what it was entire time. I don't know what it was entire time. I don't know what it was because I'm really I'm doing things that because I'm really I'm doing things that because I'm really I'm doing things that like should make me feel good. I'm like should make me feel good. I'm like should make me feel good. I'm waking up early. I'm getting my work waking up early. I'm getting my work waking up early. I'm getting my work done. I'm being productive. But done. I'm being productive. But done. I'm being productive. But something today I think it could have something today I think it could have something today I think it could have just been like a normal mood swing. But just been like a normal mood swing. But just been like a normal mood swing. But I just wanted to document that because I I just wanted to document that because I I just wanted to document that because I haven't filmed in forever. But like I haven't filmed in forever. But like I haven't filmed in forever. But like I said, it is 8:52. I am about to go to said, it is 8:52. I am about to go to said, it is 8:52. I am about to go to bed so I can get a full night's rest bed so I can get a full night's rest bed so I can get a full night's rest tonight. I am also going to finish the tonight. I am also going to finish the tonight. I am also going to finish the episode that I didn't finish from episode that I didn't finish from episode that I didn't finish from earlier this morning at the gym of the earlier this morning at the gym of the earlier this morning at the gym of the summer turn pretty. I am really really summer turn pretty. I am really really summer turn pretty. I am really really excited to finish it. Also, I don't know excited to finish it. Also, I don't know excited to finish it. Also, I don't know if I've talked about it yet, but peep my if I've talked about it yet, but peep my if I've talked about it yet, but peep my sleep shirt for this week. It says mom's sleep shirt for this week. It says mom's sleep shirt for this week. It says mom's favorite. If my sister's watching this, favorite. If my sister's watching this, favorite. If my sister's watching this, well, she knows the truth. So, good morning. I definitely feel it good morning. I definitely feel it good morning. I definitely feel it today. I My prediction found out to be today. I My prediction found out to be today. I My prediction found out to be true. Even though I got a full sleep, true. Even though I got a full sleep, true. Even though I got a full sleep, I'm like I'm like I'm like I've also been trying different I've also been trying different I've also been trying different lightings in the morning to see like if lightings in the morning to see like if lightings in the morning to see like if I'll wake up easier. Different lighting, I'll wake up easier. Different lighting, I'll wake up easier. Different lighting, you know? I'm definitely awake. My body you know? I'm definitely awake. My body you know? I'm definitely awake. My body is definitely feeling it. The good thing is definitely feeling it. The good thing is definitely feeling it. The good thing is though, I get to go hit legs at the is though, I get to go hit legs at the is though, I get to go hit legs at the gym today. So, and I'm almost done with gym today. So, and I'm almost done with gym today. So, and I'm almost done with the week. All I'm thinking about is the week. All I'm thinking about is the week. All I'm thinking about is Saturday because the state I'm going to be left in on the state I'm going to be left in on the state I'm going to be left in on Saturday, I'm going to be slumped. I Saturday, I'm going to be slumped. I Saturday, I'm going to be slumped. I kind of want this 5:00 a.m. thing to be kind of want this 5:00 a.m. thing to be kind of want this 5:00 a.m. thing to be a normal part of my day. Cuz being able a normal part of my day. Cuz being able a normal part of my day. Cuz being able to go to the gym early in the morning to go to the gym early in the morning to go to the gym early in the morning helps so much cuz I don't have to get helps so much cuz I don't have to get helps so much cuz I don't have to get home from school already tired and then home from school already tired and then home from school already tired and then have to motivate myself to go to the gym have to motivate myself to go to the gym have to motivate myself to go to the gym cuz that takes so much more time than it cuz that takes so much more time than it cuz that takes so much more time than it does to just go to the gym in the does to just go to the gym in the does to just go to the gym in the morning. It also restricts me from morning. It also restricts me from morning. It also restricts me from taking too much time at the gym and just taking too much time at the gym and just taking too much time at the gym and just doom scrolling in between sets. So, I've doom scrolling in between sets. So, I've doom scrolling in between sets. So, I've also noticed that this has taken me off also noticed that this has taken me off also noticed that this has taken me off my phone from in the morning. I will say my phone from in the morning. I will say my phone from in the morning. I will say though, this morning before my alarm though, this morning before my alarm though, this morning before my alarm went off, my body was already up like 5 went off, my body was already up like 5 went off, my body was already up like 5 minutes before and I went on my phone. minutes before and I went on my phone. minutes before and I went on my phone. I'm going to try not to do that tomorrow I'm going to try not to do that tomorrow I'm going to try not to do that tomorrow if I wake up early again. But let's go if I wake up early again. But let's go if I wake up early again. But let's go get ready for the day. I'm so ready to hit legs today. I'm I'm so ready to hit legs today. I'm I'm so ready to hit legs today. I'm going to eat the same thing as going to eat the same thing as going to eat the same thing as yesterday. Yogurt and a banana. Like I yesterday. Yogurt and a banana. Like I yesterday. Yogurt and a banana. Like I said, help a boy out. Time is currently said, help a boy out. Time is currently said, help a boy out. Time is currently 5:48. We're doing good on time. Kind of 5:48. We're doing good on time. Kind of 5:48. We're doing good on time. Kind of isish. I feel a little sicked. isish. I feel a little sicked. isish. I feel a little sicked. I kind of feel a little sick today. I I kind of feel a little sick today. I I kind of feel a little sick today. I mean, I felt kind of sick this whole mean, I felt kind of sick this whole mean, I felt kind of sick this whole week. You know, we pushed through. It is an ugly gray blue morning. This is It is an ugly gray blue morning. This is It is an ugly gray blue morning. This is sad. I am at school a little bit early sad. I am at school a little bit early sad. I am at school a little bit early cuz I have a meeting with class office, cuz I have a meeting with class office, cuz I have a meeting with class office, which if y'all are new here, I'm which if y'all are new here, I'm which if y'all are new here, I'm involved in a lot of things. I'm involved in a lot of things. I'm involved in a lot of things. I'm involved in class office, which is like involved in class office, which is like involved in class office, which is like the elected one where people choose like the elected one where people choose like the elected one where people choose like president, vice president, treasurer, president, vice president, treasurer, president, vice president, treasurer, secretary, historian, the grade votes. secretary, historian, the grade votes. secretary, historian, the grade votes. I'm the treasurer for the class of 2027. I'm the treasurer for the class of 2027. I'm the treasurer for the class of 2027. Junior class officers have to basically Junior class officers have to basically Junior class officers have to basically set up prom. Like we plan it all and set up prom. Like we plan it all and set up prom. Like we plan it all and then we get to go to our own dance. So, then we get to go to our own dance. So, then we get to go to our own dance. So, I got to go to that meeting and then I got to go to that meeting and then I got to go to that meeting and then after school, I've got stuff to deal after school, I've got stuff to deal after school, I've got stuff to deal with school volleyball and then I might with school volleyball and then I might with school volleyball and then I might be going to an away game for girls be going to an away game for girls be going to an away game for girls volleyball. We'll see. Honestly, I'm volleyball. We'll see. Honestly, I'm volleyball. We'll see. Honestly, I'm doing pretty good for it being 7:41. doing pretty good for it being 7:41. doing pretty good for it being 7:41. I've already been up for 2 hours and 40 I've already been up for 2 hours and 40 I've already been up for 2 hours and 40 minutes. I'm doing pretty good. I'm minutes. I'm doing pretty good. I'm minutes. I'm doing pretty good. I'm going to go inside, get this meeting going to go inside, get this meeting going to go inside, get this meeting done. I really just don't want to deal done. I really just don't want to deal done. I really just don't want to deal with school today. I'm I'm I'm kind of with school today. I'm I'm I'm kind of with school today. I'm I'm I'm kind of checked out for this week. Okay. checked out for this week. Okay. checked out for this week. Okay. >> I don't know. >> I don't know. >> I don't know. >> Hi guys. >> Hi guys. >> Hi guys. >> We're going to our favorite teacher. >> We're going to our favorite teacher. >> We're going to our favorite teacher. >> New fall drink unlocked. >> New fall drink unlocked. >> New fall drink unlocked. >> Is it good? >> Is it good? >> Is it good? >> Oh my god. >> Oh my god. >> Oh my god. >> It's a iced pecan oat milk latte or >> It's a iced pecan oat milk latte or >> It's a iced pecan oat milk latte or something like that. Holy crap. something like that. Holy crap. something like that. Holy crap. >> But it's only 48 weeks, so we only have >> But it's only 48 weeks, so we only have >> But it's only 48 weeks, so we only have tomorrow. tomorrow. tomorrow. >> I have an assessment in chem, a quiz in >> I have an assessment in chem, a quiz in >> I have an assessment in chem, a quiz in math. Thank you. math. Thank you. math. Thank you. >> And then it's like a state pretest for >> And then it's like a state pretest for >> And then it's like a state pretest for gov. It's not fun. It's going to be easy gov. It's not fun. It's going to be easy gov. It's not fun. It's going to be easy though. Tried it, guys. It was It was though. Tried it, guys. It was It was though. Tried it, guys. It was It was decent. decent. decent. >> It's really good. >> It's really good. >> It's really good. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> We are in AP. Kenley really wants to >> We are in AP. Kenley really wants to >> We are in AP. Kenley really wants to tell me about how she interpreted the tell me about how she interpreted the tell me about how she interpreted the book, but I don't care. book, but I don't care. book, but I don't care. >> She's mad that I don't have food for >> She's mad that I don't have food for >> She's mad that I don't have food for her. her. her. >> Okay, update. I'm not that tired. Low >> Okay, update. I'm not that tired. Low >> Okay, update. I'm not that tired. Low key. I'm chilling today. Student key. I'm chilling today. Student key. I'm chilling today. Student council. We're walking out to the council. We're walking out to the council. We're walking out to the football field to figure out homecoming football field to figure out homecoming football field to figure out homecoming decoration plans. You know, I also want decoration plans. You know, I also want decoration plans. You know, I also want to note like I said I'm not tired, but to note like I said I'm not tired, but to note like I said I'm not tired, but also today is moving so slow. I feel also today is moving so slow. I feel also today is moving so slow. I feel like I'm losing my mind and that I've like I'm losing my mind and that I've like I'm losing my mind and that I've been at school for like 10 hours when been at school for like 10 hours when been at school for like 10 hours when it's been like 3. Reese, how's your day it's been like 3. Reese, how's your day it's been like 3. Reese, how's your day been? been? been? >> Um, my day has been really good. >> Um, my day has been really good. >> Um, my day has been really good. >> Um, go around minus the fact that I have >> Um, go around minus the fact that I have >> Um, go around minus the fact that I have really bad allergies right now. really bad allergies right now. really bad allergies right now. >> Me too. Say it again. >> Me too. Say it again. >> Me too. Say it again. >> Hola. >> Hola. >> Hola. Um, we're at lunch right now, guys. Um, we're at lunch right now, guys. Um, we're at lunch right now, guys. Parade is coming together. Parade is coming together. Parade is coming together. >> Guess that exact same thing in the last. >> Guess that exact same thing in the last. >> Guess that exact same thing in the last. >> Did we? >> Did we? >> Did we? >> Um, it wasn't coming together then. We >> Um, it wasn't coming together then. We >> Um, it wasn't coming together then. We lied. It's actually coming together now. lied. It's actually coming together now. lied. It's actually coming together now. We should be done by next week. >> Bash check. >> Bash check. >> Bash check. >> He's doing I wake up at 5:00 a.m. every >> He's doing I wake up at 5:00 a.m. every >> He's doing I wake up at 5:00 a.m. every day this week. day this week. day this week. >> Mukbang. Mukbang. And it's like the voices. Hi mom. I'm in And it's like the voices. Hi mom. I'm in And it's like the voices. Hi mom. I'm in anatomy right now. I just finished anatomy right now. I just finished anatomy right now. I just finished everything for the day in anatomy. everything for the day in anatomy. everything for the day in anatomy. >> Is it just >> Is it just >> Is it just >> finish? >> finish? >> finish? >> We're in Zoom council right now. We're >> We're in Zoom council right now. We're >> We're in Zoom council right now. We're about to count these cups. We're not about to count these cups. We're not about to count these cups. We're not going to count them. We're going to going to count them. We're going to going to count them. We're going to estimate. estimate. estimate. >> I'm just here for support. >> I'm just here for support. >> I'm just here for support. >> Keep that. >> Keep that. >> Keep that. >> Freaking struggling. >> Freaking struggling. >> Freaking struggling. >> We have wax tape. And then >> We have wax tape. And then >> We have wax tape. And then >> this is the speech and debate room. >> this is the speech and debate room. >> this is the speech and debate room. >> Yeah, >> Yeah, >> Yeah, >> that is that makes a lot of sense. >> that is that makes a lot of sense. >> that is that makes a lot of sense. >> We have Mike Chem homework. And then we >> We have Mike Chem homework. And then we >> We have Mike Chem homework. And then we have decorations. And then the cups that have decorations. And then the cups that have decorations. And then the cups that we're counting. Wait, how do I flip it? we're counting. Wait, how do I flip it? we're counting. Wait, how do I flip it? >> So like Yeah. >> So like Yeah. >> So like Yeah. >> So you can see it. >> So you can see it. >> So you can see it. >> Oh hi guys. >> Oh hi guys. >> Oh hi guys. >> Are actually what it means? Like were >> Are actually what it means? Like were >> Are actually what it means? Like were these what the cups came in? Cuz this is these what the cups came in? Cuz this is these what the cups came in? Cuz this is like like like >> guys. >> We're in AP site. We're working on >> We're in AP site. We're working on >> We're in AP site. We're working on positive reinforcement, negative positive reinforcement, negative positive reinforcement, negative reinforcement, positive punishment, and reinforcement, positive punishment, and reinforcement, positive punishment, and negative punishment. It's a little negative punishment. It's a little negative punishment. It's a little confusing. She's already taken a site confusing. She's already taken a site confusing. She's already taken a site class, so I don't want to hear it. way. class, so I don't want to hear it. way. class, so I don't want to hear it. way. Punishment obviously in a bad way. Punishment obviously in a bad way. Punishment obviously in a bad way. >> Maybe my brain is just foggy. Wow. >> Maybe my brain is just foggy. Wow. >> Maybe my brain is just foggy. Wow. >> Like 15 questions and I don't want to do >> Like 15 questions and I don't want to do >> Like 15 questions and I don't want to do it. it. it. >> Me and Evan just got out of the girls >> Me and Evan just got out of the girls >> Me and Evan just got out of the girls volleyball game. We also had one of our volleyball game. We also had one of our volleyball game. We also had one of our like open gym fall practice type things. like open gym fall practice type things. like open gym fall practice type things. But yeah, the girls they won in three But yeah, the girls they won in three But yeah, the girls they won in three sets. Clean sweep. And the our student sets. Clean sweep. And the our student sets. Clean sweep. And the our student section was hype as always. I'm telling section was hype as always. I'm telling section was hype as always. I'm telling y'all we have a good volleyball program. y'all we have a good volleyball program. y'all we have a good volleyball program. I don't have a voice again. So, if you I don't have a voice again. So, if you I don't have a voice again. So, if you if you watch the what it's like being a if you watch the what it's like being a if you watch the what it's like being a junior, you know I lose my voice when I junior, you know I lose my voice when I junior, you know I lose my voice when I go to games. We're going to go home. I'm go to games. We're going to go home. I'm go to games. We're going to go home. I'm tired. We're playing through the tired. We're playing through the tired. We're playing through the facility. facility. facility. >> Yeah. I want to play Roblox still when I >> Yeah. I want to play Roblox still when I >> Yeah. I want to play Roblox still when I go home. I'm really tired this morning if you I'm really tired this morning if you I'm really tired this morning if you couldn't tell by the fact that I needed couldn't tell by the fact that I needed couldn't tell by the fact that I needed to use the late alarm, but that's why to use the late alarm, but that's why to use the late alarm, but that's why it's there. I'm still up. I'm ready for it's there. I'm still up. I'm ready for it's there. I'm still up. I'm ready for the day to be over. That's so bad. No, the day to be over. That's so bad. No, the day to be over. That's so bad. No, today's going to be good. It's Friday. I today's going to be good. It's Friday. I today's going to be good. It's Friday. I only have one test. only have one test. only have one test. >> Finally. >> Finally. >> Finally. >> I feel like every day has been multiple >> I feel like every day has been multiple >> I feel like every day has been multiple quizzes and tests. I didn't film at the quizzes and tests. I didn't film at the quizzes and tests. I didn't film at the end of yesterday. I if you've seen the end of yesterday. I if you've seen the end of yesterday. I if you've seen the September reset, you've already seen September reset, you've already seen September reset, you've already seen this. But this is my motivation to get this. But this is my motivation to get this. But this is my motivation to get out of bed. I don't know if the camera's out of bed. I don't know if the camera's out of bed. I don't know if the camera's going to pick it up. I got a media going to pick it up. I got a media going to pick it up. I got a media console. And now my bedside table is my console. And now my bedside table is my console. And now my bedside table is my bookshelf. Okay, but now I'm going to go bookshelf. Okay, but now I'm going to go bookshelf. Okay, but now I'm going to go get ready for the day. I am too tired get ready for the day. I am too tired get ready for the day. I am too tired for this. Okay, you guys. I am a little for this. Okay, you guys. I am a little for this. Okay, you guys. I am a little later than usual on time, but it's okay later than usual on time, but it's okay later than usual on time, but it's okay because today is only cardio. I don't because today is only cardio. I don't because today is only cardio. I don't think I can physically or mentally have think I can physically or mentally have think I can physically or mentally have the ability to hit abs this early in the the ability to hit abs this early in the the ability to hit abs this early in the morning. I I'll do cardio just to keep morning. I I'll do cardio just to keep morning. I I'll do cardio just to keep my my gym quota for the week. I used all my my gym quota for the week. I used all my my gym quota for the week. I used all of my mental strength for tests I had of my mental strength for tests I had of my mental strength for tests I had this week and waking up this early. It's this week and waking up this early. It's this week and waking up this early. It's really cold outside today. You might really cold outside today. You might really cold outside today. You might say, "Well, wear a hoodie." I don't want say, "Well, wear a hoodie." I don't want say, "Well, wear a hoodie." I don't want to wear a hoodie for cardio. I don't to wear a hoodie for cardio. I don't to wear a hoodie for cardio. I don't want to feel sweat. I actually don't want to feel sweat. I actually don't want to feel sweat. I actually don't want to get out of the car cuz it's so want to get out of the car cuz it's so want to get out of the car cuz it's so warm and so perfect. And I know gym is warm and so perfect. And I know gym is warm and so perfect. And I know gym is going to be a little bit colder cuz I going to be a little bit colder cuz I going to be a little bit colder cuz I can't. Obviously, you don't want a hot can't. Obviously, you don't want a hot can't. Obviously, you don't want a hot gym. I'm just thinking about 45 minutes gym. I'm just thinking about 45 minutes gym. I'm just thinking about 45 minutes of cardio. of cardio. of cardio. No, it's okay. I'm going to motivate No, it's okay. I'm going to motivate No, it's okay. I'm going to motivate myself and I'm going to push through. myself and I'm going to push through. myself and I'm going to push through. It'll be worth it in the end. I'm going It'll be worth it in the end. I'm going It'll be worth it in the end. I'm going to like the result. I'm going to be to like the result. I'm going to be to like the result. I'm going to be happier. I'm going to be more awake. >> Y'all, I couldn't do it. I only did 30 >> Y'all, I couldn't do it. I only did 30 >> Y'all, I couldn't do it. I only did 30 minutes, but I gave myself a little pat minutes, but I gave myself a little pat minutes, but I gave myself a little pat on the back because this was something on the back because this was something on the back because this was something new this week. And 30 minutes is still new this week. And 30 minutes is still new this week. And 30 minutes is still better than nothing. Honestly, 30 is 30 better than nothing. Honestly, 30 is 30 better than nothing. Honestly, 30 is 30 is usually like what people do. Um, I is usually like what people do. Um, I is usually like what people do. Um, I just like to do 45, you know, to go that just like to do 45, you know, to go that just like to do 45, you know, to go that little extra that little extra bit. I'm little extra that little extra bit. I'm little extra that little extra bit. I'm doing really good on time now. So, I doing really good on time now. So, I doing really good on time now. So, I don't really know what I'm going to do. don't really know what I'm going to do. don't really know what I'm going to do. It is Friday and I know I'm getting It is Friday and I know I'm getting It is Friday and I know I'm getting seven brew after school. No, come back. seven brew after school. No, come back. seven brew after school. No, come back. Okay. I was just proud of myself because Okay. I was just proud of myself because Okay. I was just proud of myself because I was like, I'm on the stairm at like 5 I was like, I'm on the stairm at like 5 I was like, I'm on the stairm at like 5 and 6:00 in the morning. Like, just be and 6:00 in the morning. Like, just be and 6:00 in the morning. Like, just be proud of yourself. Okay, you guys ignore proud of yourself. Okay, you guys ignore proud of yourself. Okay, you guys ignore that I'm wearing this jacket again cuz that I'm wearing this jacket again cuz that I'm wearing this jacket again cuz it's a jacket. But my outfit of the day it's a jacket. But my outfit of the day it's a jacket. But my outfit of the day is really cute. So, I want to show you is really cute. So, I want to show you is really cute. So, I want to show you guys. guys. guys. I also only have this jacket because I I also only have this jacket because I I also only have this jacket because I feel really really cold right now and feel really really cold right now and feel really really cold right now and then after school it'll be really hot. then after school it'll be really hot. then after school it'll be really hot. That's just how it's been. It's like That's just how it's been. It's like That's just how it's been. It's like those mornings where it's really cold those mornings where it's really cold those mornings where it's really cold and then the afternoon is really hot. So and then the afternoon is really hot. So and then the afternoon is really hot. So >> we're trying her sparkling. >> we're trying her sparkling. >> we're trying her sparkling. >> You know how I have the Yerma mate. So >> You know how I have the Yerma mate. So >> You know how I have the Yerma mate. So they have a sparkling. they have a sparkling. they have a sparkling. >> This is the new hoodie. >> This is the new hoodie. >> This is the new hoodie. >> I like it. >> I like it. >> I like it. >> Wait. >> That's vomit in my mouth. That tastes like drywall. That tastes like drywall. That tastes like drywall. >> Playing music in the hallways always cuz >> Playing music in the hallways always cuz >> Playing music in the hallways always cuz it's Friday. We just came from Chem. I it's Friday. We just came from Chem. I it's Friday. We just came from Chem. I literally was like falling asleep the literally was like falling asleep the literally was like falling asleep the entire time we were doing the entire time we were doing the entire time we were doing the assignment. I finished the homework very assignment. I finished the homework very assignment. I finished the homework very quickly. We're in math right now. quickly. We're in math right now. quickly. We're in math right now. >> Good for you. Not me. >> Good for you. Not me. >> Good for you. Not me. >> Also got 100 quiz. >> Also got 100 quiz. >> Also got 100 quiz. >> Good for you. Not me. >> Good for you. Not me. >> Good for you. Not me. >> Guess what class we're in. I don't know why we're still whispering I don't know why we're still whispering I don't know why we're still whispering because everyone's done with the test by because everyone's done with the test by because everyone's done with the test by the look of this special AP. I am losing my mind today. special AP. I am losing my mind today. special AP. I am losing my mind today. I'm so tired. I want to go home. And I'm so tired. I want to go home. And I'm so tired. I want to go home. And Alicia over here is like the queen of Alicia over here is like the queen of Alicia over here is like the queen of busy work. She'll get it done. I cannot busy work. She'll get it done. I cannot busy work. She'll get it done. I cannot do busy work at all. But today isn't do busy work at all. But today isn't do busy work at all. But today isn't even busy work. We're doing our first even busy work. We're doing our first even busy work. We're doing our first FRQ. FRQ. FRQ. I don't want to do this FRQ. It's about I don't want to do this FRQ. It's about I don't want to do this FRQ. It's about nature versus nurture. So, it's not that nature versus nurture. So, it's not that nature versus nurture. So, it's not that bad, but bad, but bad, but >> I'm so tired. >> I'm so tired. >> I'm so tired. >> Like what we're learning right now. >> Like what we're learning right now. >> Like what we're learning right now. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Yeah. So, that's the dress I got. >> Yeah. So, that's the dress I got. >> Yeah. So, that's the dress I got. >> Stay tuned. Um I'm kind of mad today. >> Stay tuned. Um I'm kind of mad today. >> Stay tuned. Um I'm kind of mad today. They filled it up a lot. Oh, you better They filled it up a lot. Oh, you better They filled it up a lot. Oh, you better leave it. leave it. leave it. >> Wo. Do you look where you're going? >> Wo. Do you look where you're going? >> Wo. Do you look where you're going? Because nobody can drive today. I don't Because nobody can drive today. I don't Because nobody can drive today. I don't know what's going on. know what's going on. know what's going on. >> Um I vote this one. Um like a 9 out of >> Um I vote this one. Um like a 9 out of >> Um I vote this one. Um like a 9 out of 10 today. Okay, so let's be honest. Did I survive? Okay, so let's be honest. Did I survive? Okay, so let's be honest. Did I survive? What do we think? Yes or no? Let me know What do we think? Yes or no? Let me know What do we think? Yes or no? Let me know in the comment. No, I survived kind of. in the comment. No, I survived kind of. in the comment. No, I survived kind of. You know, I was You know, I was You know, I was um um um I I I did everything that I wanted to do in did everything that I wanted to do in did everything that I wanted to do in the week. I woke up on time. I went to the week. I woke up on time. I went to the week. I woke up on time. I went to the gym. I drank two of my Stanley's a the gym. I drank two of my Stanley's a the gym. I drank two of my Stanley's a day. I got my school work done. I will day. I got my school work done. I will day. I got my school work done. I will say academically that week of school, say academically that week of school, say academically that week of school, probably my worst one yet. But it kind probably my worst one yet. But it kind probably my worst one yet. But it kind of wasn't my fault that I had like 15 of wasn't my fault that I had like 15 of wasn't my fault that I had like 15 billion tests in one week. billion tests in one week. billion tests in one week. So, is there a direct correlation with So, is there a direct correlation with So, is there a direct correlation with me waking up early and getting bad me waking up early and getting bad me waking up early and getting bad grades? I don't think so. Um, this video grades? I don't think so. Um, this video grades? I don't think so. Um, this video was actually filmed two weeks ago for me was actually filmed two weeks ago for me was actually filmed two weeks ago for me and then the week after the one that I and then the week after the one that I and then the week after the one that I just went through. I woke up early for just went through. I woke up early for just went through. I woke up early for about half of the week and then I got about half of the week and then I got about half of the week and then I got sick, so I stopped doing that. But the sick, so I stopped doing that. But the sick, so I stopped doing that. But the first half of the week where I was first half of the week where I was first half of the week where I was waking up early, it felt so good. Like I waking up early, it felt so good. Like I waking up early, it felt so good. Like I was already kind of on routine with it was already kind of on routine with it was already kind of on routine with it because of this video. So, I will say I because of this video. So, I will say I because of this video. So, I will say I think it is going to be part of my think it is going to be part of my think it is going to be part of my routine in the morning. Clap y'all. routine in the morning. Clap y'all. routine in the morning. Clap y'all. Clap. Clap for me. That is all. I think Clap. Clap for me. That is all. I think Clap. Clap for me. That is all. I think this was a very successful video. I'm this was a very successful video. I'm this was a very successful video. I'm happy that I did it. Now try it for happy that I did it. Now try it for happy that I did it. Now try it for yourself. Thank you guys so much for yourself. Thank you guys so much for yourself. Thank you guys so much for watching. As always, I love you so much. watching. As always, I love you so much. watching. As always, I love you so much. Have a decent day and goodbye.