What's up, raw babes? And today I'm What's up, raw babes? And today I'm What's up, raw babes? And today I'm giving you very much raw. [music] By the giving you very much raw. [music] By the giving you very much raw. [music] By the thumbnail, you already know this going thumbnail, you already know this going thumbnail, you already know this going to be a raw tutorial. So, let's just to be a raw tutorial. So, let's just to be a raw tutorial. So, let's just jump right on into it. Y'all, we have my jump right on into it. Y'all, we have my jump right on into it. Y'all, we have my lovely model here today. And I wanted to lovely model here today. And I wanted to lovely model here today. And I wanted to bring it back a few years when I was bring it back a few years when I was bring it back a few years when I was discovered by you guys doing my dark discovered by you guys doing my dark discovered by you guys doing my dark skin girlies and we did more bronzy skin girlies and we did more bronzy skin girlies and we did more bronzy looks. It wasn't too much pinky blush looks. It wasn't too much pinky blush looks. It wasn't too much pinky blush like a walking Barbie. It was more like like a walking Barbie. It was more like like a walking Barbie. It was more like walking Barbie but bronze. And that's walking Barbie but bronze. And that's walking Barbie but bronze. And that's what the look we are doing today. So to what the look we are doing today. So to what the look we are doing today. So to first go in with um cleansing the skin. first go in with um cleansing the skin. first go in with um cleansing the skin. I usually go in with some Nimma packs I usually go in with some Nimma packs I usually go in with some Nimma packs but I ran out of those. So today we are but I ran out of those. So today we are but I ran out of those. So today we are using a hydro boost cleansing wipes and using a hydro boost cleansing wipes and using a hydro boost cleansing wipes and I love doing [music] this. Make sure you I love doing [music] this. Make sure you I love doing [music] this. Make sure you clean your client's skin. No matter if clean your client's skin. No matter if clean your client's skin. No matter if they say they cleaned it already. they say they cleaned it already. they say they cleaned it already. Sometimes people still be having Sometimes people still be having Sometimes people still be having sunscreen on extra products. So just sunscreen on extra products. So just sunscreen on extra products. So just make sure you're cleaning the skin. make sure you're cleaning the skin. make sure you're cleaning the skin. Then I found this cream from Family Then I found this cream from Family Then I found this cream from Family Dollar. And when I posted it on TikTok, Dollar. And when I posted it on TikTok, Dollar. And when I posted it on TikTok, you guys was like, "Let's [music] been you guys was like, "Let's [music] been you guys was like, "Let's [music] been in." But I never knew about this cream. in." But I never knew about this cream. in." But I never knew about this cream. I'll make sure that I put it down in the I'll make sure that I put it down in the I'll make sure that I put it down in the link um in the description. When I tell link um in the description. When I tell link um in the description. When I tell you guys, y'all, I'm new to this, but it you guys, y'all, I'm new to this, but it you guys, y'all, I'm new to this, but it gives you glass skin. Her skin was gives you glass skin. Her skin was gives you glass skin. Her skin was really gr when I say shining through really gr when I say shining through really gr when I say shining through too. [music] Now you guys already know too. [music] Now you guys already know too. [music] Now you guys already know my favorite is the hydrating my favorite is the hydrating my favorite is the hydrating moisturizing cream from Tasha, but moisturizing cream from Tasha, but moisturizing cream from Tasha, but that's $90. So if you want something that's $90. So if you want something that's $90. So if you want something more affordable, but it's still going to more affordable, but it's still going to more affordable, but it's still going to give up glass skin, I got this from give up glass skin, I got this from give up glass skin, I got this from Family Dollar or you guys can order it Family Dollar or you guys can order it Family Dollar or you guys can order it or get it from Walmart. Now Pon's or get it from Walmart. Now Pon's or get it from Walmart. Now Pon's moisturizer is similar, but this just moisturizer is similar, but this just moisturizer is similar, but this just give me that glass effect. Now, when it give me that glass effect. Now, when it give me that glass effect. Now, when it comes to doing makeup, I know a lot of comes to doing makeup, I know a lot of comes to doing makeup, I know a lot of you guys have like um concerns about you guys have like um concerns about you guys have like um concerns about full coverage foundations and powders full coverage foundations and powders full coverage foundations and powders and sometimes with doing a full face of and sometimes with doing a full face of and sometimes with doing a full face of makeup, it may be cakey. It will not be makeup, it may be cakey. It will not be makeup, it may be cakey. It will not be cakey if you get that skin care together cakey if you get that skin care together cakey if you get that skin care together and if you get the skin prep on lock and if you get the skin prep on lock and if you get the skin prep on lock now, we're going in with the uh E.L.F. now, we're going in with the uh E.L.F. now, we're going in with the uh E.L.F. primer, [music] the power grip primer. primer, [music] the power grip primer. primer, [music] the power grip primer. This is my favorite primer and also Milk This is my favorite primer and also Milk This is my favorite primer and also Milk Grip. Um it's like a dupe for each Grip. Um it's like a dupe for each Grip. Um it's like a dupe for each other. E.L.F. is more um affordable than other. E.L.F. is more um affordable than other. E.L.F. is more um affordable than the Milk Grip where you can get in the Milk Grip where you can get in the Milk Grip where you can get in Sephora that's more expensive. And then Sephora that's more expensive. And then Sephora that's more expensive. And then also to finish it off with her skin also to finish it off with her skin also to finish it off with her skin prep, I'm going to go in with some aloe prep, I'm going to go in with some aloe prep, I'm going to go in with some aloe um water. You guys can get this from um water. You guys can get this from um water. You guys can get this from Ulta or you guys can get this from Ulta or you guys can get this from Ulta or you guys can get this from Sephora as well. >> [music] >> For her foundation, we'll be going with >> For her foundation, we'll be going with >> For her foundation, we'll be going with the Nars Longwear Foundation. Make sure the Nars Longwear Foundation. Make sure the Nars Longwear Foundation. Make sure you screenshot the name [music] cuz one you screenshot the name [music] cuz one you screenshot the name [music] cuz one thing about Nars, they be having some thing about Nars, they be having some thing about Nars, they be having some tricky foundation names. And also, you tricky foundation names. And also, you tricky foundation names. And also, you guys can just see how this color match guys can just see how this color match guys can just see how this color match was really a reflection of her skin was really a reflection of her skin was really a reflection of her skin tone. Just look at that. Like, it tone. Just look at that. Like, it tone. Just look at that. Like, it blended so well. And I blended out with blended so well. And I blended out with blended so well. And I blended out with a Morphe brush. So, if you guys are a Morphe brush. So, if you guys are a Morphe brush. So, if you guys are interested in brushes, um, make sure you interested in brushes, um, make sure you interested in brushes, um, make sure you get it from either Morphe or Real get it from either Morphe or Real get it from either Morphe or Real Technique. This [music] blended so well. Technique. This [music] blended so well. Technique. This [music] blended so well. When you are color matching, make sure When you are color matching, make sure When you are color matching, make sure that the person is their exact skin that the person is their exact skin that the person is their exact skin tone. You will always be observant to tone. You will always be observant to tone. You will always be observant to the body, but always look at the chest. the body, but always look at the chest. the body, but always look at the chest. Every single client, no matter the skin Every single client, no matter the skin Every single client, no matter the skin tone, has the contour shade. To find the tone, has the contour shade. To find the tone, has the contour shade. To find the perfect contour shade to add structure perfect contour shade to add structure perfect contour shade to add structure and definition into the face, make sure and definition into the face, make sure and definition into the face, make sure you go in with at least two to three you go in with at least two to three you go in with at least two to three shades darker than the original skin shades darker than the original skin shades darker than the original skin tone. Today we using the Morphe cream tone. Today we using the Morphe cream tone. Today we using the Morphe cream contour and this is in the shade cocoa contour and this is in the shade cocoa contour and this is in the shade cocoa 15N. >> [music] >> Oh yeah. >> Oh yeah. >> Oh yeah. >> [music] >> Now it's time to add some warmth into >> Now it's time to add some warmth into >> Now it's time to add some warmth into her skin. We're going in with the P her skin. We're going in with the P her skin. We're going in with the P Louise base [music] and we're going in Louise base [music] and we're going in Louise base [music] and we're going in with the shade OTT orange. I love that with the shade OTT orange. I love that with the shade OTT orange. I love that warmth that shows through the skin. If warmth that shows through the skin. If warmth that shows through the skin. If you want to avoid a pinky blush look, you want to avoid a pinky blush look, you want to avoid a pinky blush look, just stay more into your orange tones. Mhm. For the concealer, we'll be going in For the concealer, we'll be going in For the concealer, we'll be going in with the Born This Way Too Faced with the Born This Way Too Faced with the Born This Way Too Faced concealer in the shade Spice Rum and concealer in the shade Spice Rum and concealer in the shade Spice Rum and Chestnut. To find your perfect match, Chestnut. To find your perfect match, Chestnut. To find your perfect match, you'll be going in with shades that's you'll be going in with shades that's you'll be going in with shades that's almost two to three shades lighter than almost two to three shades lighter than almost two to three shades lighter than your original skin tone just so you're your original skin tone just so you're your original skin tone just so you're locking on how bright you love your locking on how bright you love your locking on how bright you love your under eye. Also, when you are blending, under eye. Also, when you are blending, under eye. Also, when you are blending, make sure you're going back and forth make sure you're going back and forth make sure you're going back and forth with your foundation brush that you used with your foundation brush that you used with your foundation brush that you used earlier just to blend out the edges. so earlier just to blend out the edges. so earlier just to blend out the edges. so everything can be more seamlessly. You everything can be more seamlessly. You everything can be more seamlessly. You do not want to see a big difference or do not want to see a big difference or do not want to see a big difference or harsh lines with where you place your harsh lines with where you place your harsh lines with where you place your concealer at. Make sure you blend concealer at. Make sure you blend concealer at. Make sure you blend everything. Also, when you are blending, everything. Also, when you are blending, everything. Also, when you are blending, you can either go in with a damp puff you can either go in with a damp puff you can either go in with a damp puff pad or you can go in with a dry puff pad or you can go in with a dry puff pad or you can go in with a dry puff pad. It gives you the same finish. Or pad. It gives you the same finish. Or pad. It gives you the same finish. Or how the OG's like it, a damp beauty how the OG's like it, a damp beauty how the OG's like it, a damp beauty blender. >> [music] >> Now it's time to go in and set the face. >> Now it's time to go in and set the face. >> Now it's time to go in and set the face. After you blended out everything and After you blended out everything and After you blended out everything and stayed in place, you'll tell your client stayed in place, you'll tell your client stayed in place, you'll tell your client to keep looking up. And then you'll to keep looking up. And then you'll to keep looking up. And then you'll begin to go in with a different puff pad begin to go in with a different puff pad begin to go in with a different puff pad to set those bright areas. I went in to set those bright areas. I went in to set those bright areas. I went in with the Laura Mercier Air in the shade with the Laura Mercier Air in the shade with the Laura Mercier Air in the shade translucent. Or you guys could have went translucent. Or you guys could have went translucent. Or you guys could have went in with the Sasha Buttercup or Huda in with the Sasha Buttercup or Huda in with the Sasha Buttercup or Huda Beauty in the shade KUFA. So right now, Beauty in the shade KUFA. So right now, Beauty in the shade KUFA. So right now, I'm just lightly going in. And you guys I'm just lightly going in. And you guys I'm just lightly going in. And you guys can see it's [music] not too heavy. What can see it's [music] not too heavy. What can see it's [music] not too heavy. What you'll basically do is go in with some you'll basically do is go in with some you'll basically do is go in with some powder and you can probably dab it on powder and you can probably dab it on powder and you can probably dab it on the back of your hand just so it won't the back of your hand just so it won't the back of your hand just so it won't be too heavy. And then you'll lightly be too heavy. And then you'll lightly be too heavy. And then you'll lightly press it in into the skin. >> [music] >> Now I'll be going in with a darker >> Now I'll be going in with a darker >> Now I'll be going in with a darker powder, you have to make sure you have powder, you have to make sure you have powder, you have to make sure you have two powders. One powder that compliments two powders. One powder that compliments two powders. One powder that compliments the bright areas to set and then another the bright areas to set and then another the bright areas to set and then another powder that's more of like a skin tone powder that's more of like a skin tone powder that's more of like a skin tone powder to make sure everything comes powder to make sure everything comes powder to make sure everything comes together. This will help for long together. This will help for long together. This will help for long lasting and to get away from that dewy lasting and to get away from that dewy lasting and to get away from that dewy look. You want to have a mattifying look. You want to have a mattifying look. You want to have a mattifying look. It lasts longer. So now I'm just look. It lasts longer. So now I'm just look. It lasts longer. So now I'm just going in to set the entire rest of the going in to set the entire rest of the going in to set the entire rest of the face with the Huda Beauty in the shade face with the Huda Beauty in the shade face with the Huda Beauty in the shade Cinnamon [music] Bun. >> [music] >> Now it's Time to bring up some more >> Now it's Time to bring up some more >> Now it's Time to bring up some more color into the skin. So, we going in to color into the skin. So, we going in to color into the skin. So, we going in to bronze. Remember, every cream that you bronze. Remember, every cream that you bronze. Remember, every cream that you use in the face has a powder for it. For use in the face has a powder for it. For use in the face has a powder for it. For example, foundation has a powder for it. example, foundation has a powder for it. example, foundation has a powder for it. Also, when you are using a cream contour Also, when you are using a cream contour Also, when you are using a cream contour that has a bronzer, when you are using a that has a bronzer, when you are using a that has a bronzer, when you are using a cream blush, that also has a blush cream blush, that also has a blush cream blush, that also has a blush powder. So, just remember to bring that powder. So, just remember to bring that powder. So, just remember to bring that color back up into the client's skin. color back up into the client's skin. color back up into the client's skin. So, I went in with a bronzer from Nars So, I went in with a bronzer from Nars So, I went in with a bronzer from Nars and I also mixed in a shade from the old and I also mixed in a shade from the old and I also mixed in a shade from the old Morphe AB palette. Now, I'm going in Morphe AB palette. Now, I'm going in Morphe AB palette. Now, I'm going in with Exquisite A. This is a perfect with Exquisite A. This is a perfect with Exquisite A. This is a perfect blush, warm tone blush from Nars as blush, warm tone blush from Nars as blush, warm tone blush from Nars as well. Make sure your placement of your well. Make sure your placement of your well. Make sure your placement of your blush is a little bit more higher. Also, blush is a little bit more higher. Also, blush is a little bit more higher. Also, your contour so it can give that lifted your contour so it can give that lifted your contour so it can give that lifted effect. Now, I'm going to go in to start effect. Now, I'm going to go in to start effect. Now, I'm going to go in to start the baking process. We're going to the baking process. We're going to the baking process. We're going to snatch up those features. I went in with snatch up those features. I went in with snatch up those features. I went in with the Huda Beauty in the shade KUFA just the Huda Beauty in the shade KUFA just the Huda Beauty in the shade KUFA just to snatch up her features like the nose, to snatch up her features like the nose, to snatch up her features like the nose, the bright under eye, and also uh the the bright under eye, and also uh the the bright under eye, and also uh the cheeks. So, make sure when you are doing cheeks. So, make sure when you are doing cheeks. So, make sure when you are doing this, you don't have to be too this, you don't have to be too this, you don't have to be too heavy-handed. Just remember the heavy-handed. Just remember the heavy-handed. Just remember the placement. And you're also just placement. And you're also just placement. And you're also just snatching everything up. >> [music] >> And lately during the baking process, I >> And lately during the baking process, I >> And lately during the baking process, I love to bring up some um highlighter love to bring up some um highlighter love to bring up some um highlighter into the nose cuz I love to just vision into the nose cuz I love to just vision into the nose cuz I love to just vision how this face will come out. And she was how this face will come out. And she was how this face will come out. And she was giving y'all. This is from Kisses in the giving y'all. This is from Kisses in the giving y'all. This is from Kisses in the shade glowing bronze. You guys can get shade glowing bronze. You guys can get shade glowing bronze. You guys can get it from the hair store. This is coming it from the hair store. This is coming it from the hair store. This is coming out so nice. Do y'all see that skin? out so nice. Do y'all see that skin? out so nice. Do y'all see that skin? This is like a clean bead. So now I'm This is like a clean bead. So now I'm This is like a clean bead. So now I'm going to show you guys all the powders going to show you guys all the powders going to show you guys all the powders that we also use and then I also will that we also use and then I also will that we also use and then I also will show you guys the bronzers and also the show you guys the bronzers and also the show you guys the bronzers and also the blush. >> [music] >> Now it's time to get the eyebrows >> Now it's time to get the eyebrows >> Now it's time to get the eyebrows together. I know a lot of you guys love together. I know a lot of you guys love together. I know a lot of you guys love when I do eyebrows first. I also like when I do eyebrows first. I also like when I do eyebrows first. I also like when I do it last cuz I feel like it's when I do it last cuz I feel like it's when I do it last cuz I feel like it's more quicker, but I will show for the more quicker, but I will show for the more quicker, but I will show for the girls who like doing it last and who girls who like doing it last and who girls who like doing it last and who want that type of finish. It's not as want that type of finish. It's not as want that type of finish. It's not as hard. I feel like it's basically easy. hard. I feel like it's basically easy. hard. I feel like it's basically easy. It's like tracing and enhancing the It's like tracing and enhancing the It's like tracing and enhancing the brow. So, right now I'm going in with brow. So, right now I'm going in with brow. So, right now I'm going in with either Spice Rum and Chestnut just to either Spice Rum and Chestnut just to either Spice Rum and Chestnut just to the same concealers that we used for the the same concealers that we used for the the same concealers that we used for the face just to go in with a flat brush and face just to go in with a flat brush and face just to go in with a flat brush and line up her eyebrows. You'll make sure line up her eyebrows. You'll make sure line up her eyebrows. You'll make sure you blend out that concealer on the you blend out that concealer on the you blend out that concealer on the entire lid. And then you'll begin to entire lid. And then you'll begin to entire lid. And then you'll begin to mattify that area by setting that area. mattify that area by setting that area. mattify that area by setting that area. When you are setting the eyebrows and When you are setting the eyebrows and When you are setting the eyebrows and setting the eyelids, it will help for setting the eyelids, it will help for setting the eyelids, it will help for long lasting and where it could be long lasting and where it could be long lasting and where it could be easier for you to fill in those brows. I easier for you to fill in those brows. I easier for you to fill in those brows. I like to go in with the Lifest Pen from like to go in with the Lifest Pen from like to go in with the Lifest Pen from NYX in the shade espresso. And then NYX in the shade espresso. And then NYX in the shade espresso. And then you'll just outline the top of the brow you'll just outline the top of the brow you'll just outline the top of the brow with a skin-like [music] concealer. >> [music] >> Mhm. Now, for the shade of your transition Now, for the shade of your transition Now, for the shade of your transition shade or your eyeshadow shade, if you shade or your eyeshadow shade, if you shade or your eyeshadow shade, if you want like a natural glam or or a naked want like a natural glam or or a naked want like a natural glam or or a naked beat. [music] beat. [music] beat. [music] Now, when it comes to the lighter the Now, when it comes to the lighter the Now, when it comes to the lighter the skin tone, you have to go lighter with skin tone, you have to go lighter with skin tone, you have to go lighter with your browns. The darker the skin tone, your browns. The darker the skin tone, your browns. The darker the skin tone, in order for that color to pop up and in order for that color to pop up and in order for that color to pop up and make your client look like they're make your client look like they're make your client look like they're popping, you have to go in with a darker popping, you have to go in with a darker popping, you have to go in with a darker brown. We used the Juvia's Place Warrior brown. We used the Juvia's Place Warrior brown. We used the Juvia's Place Warrior palette, that dark brownness in there. palette, that dark brownness in there. palette, that dark brownness in there. And then I wanted to blend out and add a And then I wanted to blend out and add a And then I wanted to blend out and add a little bit more bronzy to the eyelids. little bit more bronzy to the eyelids. little bit more bronzy to the eyelids. Something different, something sultry. Something different, something sultry. Something different, something sultry. And I got this from this palette right And I got this from this palette right And I got this from this palette right here, y'all. And it's so expensive. One here, y'all. And it's so expensive. One here, y'all. And it's so expensive. One thing about her palettes, baby, this thing about her palettes, baby, this thing about her palettes, baby, this palette was like almost like 130. It's palette was like almost like 130. It's palette was like almost like 130. It's worth it, but cuz the shimmers are raw. worth it, but cuz the shimmers are raw. worth it, but cuz the shimmers are raw. I'm going to show you guys in a dim I'm going to show you guys in a dim I'm going to show you guys in a dim light, like the shimmers are [music] light, like the shimmers are [music] light, like the shimmers are [music] raw, but it's really on the high side. raw, but it's really on the high side. raw, but it's really on the high side. If I find something a little bit more, If I find something a little bit more, If I find something a little bit more, you know, affordable, I'll let you guys you know, affordable, I'll let you guys you know, affordable, I'll let you guys know. know. know. >> [music] >> Hey. Hey. Hey. >> Hey. Hey. Hey. >> Hey. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. Mhm. [music] Now that the eyebrows are finished, it's Now that the eyebrows are finished, it's Now that the eyebrows are finished, it's time to go along with the lips, which is time to go along with the lips, which is time to go along with the lips, which is one of my favorite parts. [music] one of my favorite parts. [music] one of my favorite parts. [music] We went in with the MAC um lip liner in We went in with the MAC um lip liner in We went in with the MAC um lip liner in the shade chestnut. And right now, I'm the shade chestnut. And right now, I'm the shade chestnut. And right now, I'm just going in with a dark eyeshadow just going in with a dark eyeshadow just going in with a dark eyeshadow palette from the Morphe AD just to make palette from the Morphe AD just to make palette from the Morphe AD just to make that lip liner a little bit more that lip liner a little bit more that lip liner a little bit more chocolatey. Like I love that chocolate chocolatey. Like I love that chocolate chocolatey. Like I love that chocolate lip liner. And now in the center, I'm lip liner. And now in the center, I'm lip liner. And now in the center, I'm going in with the Maybelline liquid going in with the Maybelline liquid going in with the Maybelline liquid lipstick. This is in the shade List. And lipstick. This is in the shade List. And lipstick. This is in the shade List. And right in the center, you'll get a tad right in the center, you'll get a tad right in the center, you'll get a tad bit of white concealer. Only a tad bit bit of white concealer. Only a tad bit bit of white concealer. Only a tad bit just to get that ombre lip. And make just to get that ombre lip. And make just to get that ombre lip. And make sure you just blend out all the edges of sure you just blend out all the edges of sure you just blend out all the edges of everything. I still supposed to see everything. I still supposed to see everything. I still supposed to see every single shade. It's supposed to be every single shade. It's supposed to be every single shade. It's supposed to be a gradient effect. I want to see that a gradient effect. I want to see that a gradient effect. I want to see that white in the middle. I want to see it go white in the middle. I want to see it go white in the middle. I want to see it go into that pink and then end up with that into that pink and then end up with that into that pink and then end up with that [music] perfect chocolate liner. Then [music] perfect chocolate liner. Then [music] perfect chocolate liner. Then you'll top it on with some hair store you'll top it on with some hair store you'll top it on with some hair store gloss um from Broadway. And that's your gloss um from Broadway. And that's your gloss um from Broadway. And that's your perfect [music] lip combo. Now, one tip perfect [music] lip combo. Now, one tip perfect [music] lip combo. Now, one tip with the lip combo, do not tell your with the lip combo, do not tell your with the lip combo, do not tell your client, like do not tell your clients to client, like do not tell your clients to client, like do not tell your clients to blend it out for you. Blend it out blend it out for you. Blend it out blend it out for you. Blend it out yourself. Blend it out with like a small yourself. Blend it out with like a small yourself. Blend it out with like a small angle brush. Um, you have control of angle brush. Um, you have control of angle brush. Um, you have control of your faces. So, make sure that you have your faces. So, make sure that you have your faces. So, make sure that you have control because you could turn for one control because you could turn for one control because you could turn for one second and the whole lip combo is gone. second and the whole lip combo is gone. second and the whole lip combo is gone. So, it's really about um the limit of So, it's really about um the limit of So, it's really about um the limit of what you're doing. If you're doing too what you're doing. If you're doing too what you're doing. If you're doing too much rubbing with the lips together, much rubbing with the lips together, much rubbing with the lips together, your lip combo will not be a lip combo. your lip combo will not be a lip combo. your lip combo will not be a lip combo. It's going to make it look as one. It's going to make it look as one. It's going to make it look as one. >> [music] >> Now it's time to take away that baking. >> Now it's time to take away that baking. >> Now it's time to take away that baking. I know I fall in love with the baking I know I fall in love with the baking I know I fall in love with the baking process how it looks. [music] But y'all, process how it looks. [music] But y'all, process how it looks. [music] But y'all, it's time to take it away. Now, if you it's time to take it away. Now, if you it's time to take it away. Now, if you have a client that's similar to the skin have a client that's similar to the skin have a client that's similar to the skin tone, you guys can go with NW55 tone, you guys can go with NW55 tone, you guys can go with NW55 from MAC Studio [music] Fix Press from MAC Studio [music] Fix Press from MAC Studio [music] Fix Press Powders or NW50. I use NW55 for her. And Powders or NW50. I use NW55 for her. And Powders or NW50. I use NW55 for her. And then when it came to her bright areas, I then when it came to her bright areas, I then when it came to her bright areas, I used NW44. >> [music] >> Now that everything is taken away, >> Now that everything is taken away, >> Now that everything is taken away, you'll make sure you set that with some you'll make sure you set that with some you'll make sure you set that with some Murphy spray. I had to tell her to hold Murphy spray. I had to tell her to hold Murphy spray. I had to tell her to hold her breath because there's more sprays her breath because there's more sprays her breath because there's more sprays coming. So after the Morphe, I use coming. So after the Morphe, I use coming. So after the Morphe, I use Revolution just to lock in a little bit Revolution just to lock in a little bit Revolution just to lock in a little bit more. And then I'll go in with the more. And then I'll go in with the more. And then I'll go in with the L'Oreal. The L'Oreal spray is more like L'Oreal. The L'Oreal spray is more like L'Oreal. The L'Oreal spray is more like a got to be glue but for makeup. It made a got to be glue but for makeup. It made a got to be glue but for makeup. It made the makeup stay on for a long time. And the makeup stay on for a long time. And the makeup stay on for a long time. And then also, this was the finishing, then also, this was the finishing, then also, this was the finishing, y'all. I had to make sure I set her and y'all. I had to make sure I set her and y'all. I had to make sure I set her and just fan her out the old school way. And just fan her out the old school way. And just fan her out the old school way. And y'all, this look was coming out so y'all, this look was coming out so y'all, this look was coming out so perfect. Do [music] y'all see her skin? perfect. Do [music] y'all see her skin? perfect. Do [music] y'all see her skin? Yeah, this came together so well. And Yeah, this came together so well. And Yeah, this came together so well. And now I'm going in with the highlighter. I now I'm going in with the highlighter. I now I'm going in with the highlighter. I used some more highlighter for her um used some more highlighter for her um used some more highlighter for her um nose. And then I went in with the Urban nose. And then I went in with the Urban nose. And then I went in with the Urban Decay highlighter in the shade space Decay highlighter in the shade space Decay highlighter in the shade space cowboy. And this is the finishing of cowboy. And this is the finishing of cowboy. And this is the finishing of this look. She was so happy. It was so this look. She was so happy. It was so this look. She was so happy. It was so tea. Mind you, when the clients come in tea. Mind you, when the clients come in tea. Mind you, when the clients come in there and they're really not crazy about there and they're really not crazy about there and they're really not crazy about makeup or they never seen theirelves makeup or they never seen theirelves makeup or they never seen theirelves with like a full glam and you surprised with like a full glam and you surprised with like a full glam and you surprised them like this, that's when I know I them like this, that's when I know I them like this, that's when I know I love my job. And this was eating out. love my job. And this was eating out. love my job. And this was eating out. She loved it. Now I'm doing a few little She loved it. Now I'm doing a few little She loved it. Now I'm doing a few little touches before we take pictures. Trying touches before we take pictures. Trying touches before we take pictures. Trying to blend out a few edges. So make sure to blend out a few edges. So make sure to blend out a few edges. So make sure you guys stand in front of your clients you guys stand in front of your clients you guys stand in front of your clients before they leave. So where you can see before they leave. So where you can see before they leave. So where you can see where you need to, you know, advance and where you need to, you know, advance and where you need to, you know, advance and blend out a little more. And y'all, this blend out a little more. And y'all, this blend out a little more. And y'all, this came out perfect. Look at her skin tone. came out perfect. Look at her skin tone. came out perfect. Look at her skin tone. The camera show no justice for real. I The camera show no justice for real. I The camera show no justice for real. I had to really dim down these cameras had to really dim down these cameras had to really dim down these cameras just to show you guys how she was just to show you guys how she was just to show you guys how she was looking. I sprayed her again before we looking. I sprayed her again before we looking. I sprayed her again before we finished with everything. And y'all, I finished with everything. And y'all, I finished with everything. And y'all, I had to turn off them lights. Look how had to turn off them lights. Look how had to turn off them lights. Look how she looked. Like her skin was just she looked. Like her skin was just she looked. Like her skin was just glowing. this bronze look at down. If glowing. this bronze look at down. If glowing. this bronze look at down. If you guys love this look, make sure that you guys love this look, make sure that you guys love this look, make sure that you comment down below. Click that you comment down below. Click that you comment down below. Click that notification bell so you can be the notification bell so you can be the notification bell so you can be the first to see whenever Lache Glams post. first to see whenever Lache Glams post. first to see whenever Lache Glams post. Subscribe, like, and comment. I love you Subscribe, like, and comment. I love you Subscribe, like, and comment. I love you guys so much. I'm coming out with some guys so much. I'm coming out with some guys so much. I'm coming out with some more videos, y'all. I promise you. Also, more videos, y'all. I promise you. Also, more videos, y'all. I promise you. Also, if you guys want to show some love to my if you guys want to show some love to my if you guys want to show some love to my client, make sure in the comments that client, make sure in the comments that client, make sure in the comments that you put long live Bri. You guys keep my you put long live Bri. You guys keep my you put long live Bri. You guys keep my clients in your prayers with their clients in your prayers with their clients in your prayers with their family and friends. It's not about me. family and friends. It's not about me. family and friends. It's not about me. Um, I have lost a few clients this last Um, I have lost a few clients this last Um, I have lost a few clients this last year. has been, you know, a very tough year. has been, you know, a very tough year. has been, you know, a very tough year, but keep it in the prayers. I did year, but keep it in the prayers. I did year, but keep it in the prayers. I did a dedication video on my Tik Tok [music] a dedication video on my Tik Tok [music] a dedication video on my Tik Tok [music] to send some love over with a client who to send some love over with a client who to send some love over with a client who has passed along. But, um, other than has passed along. But, um, other than has passed along. But, um, other than that, I love you guys. Y'all go follow that, I love you guys. Y'all go follow that, I love you guys. Y'all go follow me on Tik Tok. Tell a friend to tell a me on Tik Tok. Tell a friend to tell a me on Tik Tok. Tell a friend to tell a friend. And I love you guys so much. friend. And I love you guys so much. friend. And I love you guys so much. Thank you for giving me, you know, my Thank you for giving me, you know, my Thank you for giving me, you know, my flowers on Tik Tok. Y'all been showing flowers on Tik Tok. Y'all been showing flowers on Tik Tok. Y'all been showing me love, seeing that Lache been putting me love, seeing that Lache been putting me love, seeing that Lache been putting y'all on, been teaching y'all the game. y'all on, been teaching y'all the game. y'all on, been teaching y'all the game. And that's what I'm here for, to put And that's what I'm here for, to put And that's what I'm here for, to put y'all on. Thank you guys for watching. I y'all on. Thank you guys for watching. I y'all on. Thank you guys for watching. I hope you guys enjoy. Bye.