What's up, raw babes? And today I'm
giving you very much raw. [music] By the
thumbnail, you already know this going
to be a raw tutorial. So, let's just
jump right on into it. Y'all, we have my
lovely model here today. And I wanted to
bring it back a few years when I was
discovered by you guys doing my dark
skin girlies and we did more bronzy
looks. It wasn't too much pinky blush
like a walking Barbie. It was more like
walking Barbie but bronze. And that's
what the look we are doing today. So to
first go in with um cleansing the skin.
I usually go in with some Nimma packs
but I ran out of those. So today we are
using a hydro boost cleansing wipes and
I love doing [music] this. Make sure you
clean your client's skin. No matter if
they say they cleaned it already.
Sometimes people still be having
sunscreen on extra products. So just
make sure you're cleaning the skin.
Then I found this cream from Family
Dollar. And when I posted it on TikTok,
you guys was like, "Let's [music] been
in." But I never knew about this cream.
I'll make sure that I put it down in the
link um in the description. When I tell
you guys, y'all, I'm new to this, but it
gives you glass skin. Her skin was
really gr when I say shining through
too. [music] Now you guys already know
my favorite is the hydrating
moisturizing cream from Tasha, but
that's $90. So if you want something
more affordable, but it's still going to
give up glass skin, I got this from
Family Dollar or you guys can order it
or get it from Walmart. Now Pon's
moisturizer is similar, but this just
give me that glass effect. Now, when it
comes to doing makeup, I know a lot of
you guys have like um concerns about
full coverage foundations and powders
and sometimes with doing a full face of
makeup, it may be cakey. It will not be
cakey if you get that skin care together
and if you get the skin prep on lock
now, we're going in with the uh E.L.F.
primer, [music] the power grip primer.
This is my favorite primer and also Milk
Grip. Um it's like a dupe for each
other. E.L.F. is more um affordable than
the Milk Grip where you can get in
Sephora that's more expensive. And then
also to finish it off with her skin
prep, I'm going to go in with some aloe
um water. You guys can get this from
Ulta or you guys can get this from
Sephora as well.
For her foundation, we'll be going with
the Nars Longwear Foundation. Make sure
you screenshot the name [music] cuz one
thing about Nars, they be having some
tricky foundation names. And also, you
guys can just see how this color match
was really a reflection of her skin
tone. Just look at that. Like, it
blended so well. And I blended out with
a Morphe brush. So, if you guys are
interested in brushes, um, make sure you
get it from either Morphe or Real
Technique. This [music] blended so well.
When you are color matching, make sure
that the person is their exact skin
tone. You will always be observant to
the body, but always look at the chest.
Every single client, no matter the skin
tone, has the contour shade. To find the
perfect contour shade to add structure
and definition into the face, make sure
you go in with at least two to three
shades darker than the original skin
tone. Today we using the Morphe cream
contour and this is in the shade cocoa
15N.
Oh yeah.
Now it's time to add some warmth into
her skin. We're going in with the P
Louise base [music] and we're going in
with the shade OTT orange. I love that
warmth that shows through the skin. If
you want to avoid a pinky blush look,
just stay more into your orange tones.
Mhm.
For the concealer, we'll be going in
with the Born This Way Too Faced
concealer in the shade Spice Rum and
Chestnut. To find your perfect match,
you'll be going in with shades that's
almost two to three shades lighter than
your original skin tone just so you're
locking on how bright you love your
under eye. Also, when you are blending,
make sure you're going back and forth
with your foundation brush that you used
earlier just to blend out the edges. so
everything can be more seamlessly. You
do not want to see a big difference or
harsh lines with where you place your
concealer at. Make sure you blend
everything. Also, when you are blending,
you can either go in with a damp puff
pad or you can go in with a dry puff
pad. It gives you the same finish. Or
how the OG's like it, a damp beauty
blender.
Now it's time to go in and set the face.
After you blended out everything and
stayed in place, you'll tell your client
to keep looking up. And then you'll
begin to go in with a different puff pad
to set those bright areas. I went in
with the Laura Mercier Air in the shade
translucent. Or you guys could have went
in with the Sasha Buttercup or Huda
Beauty in the shade KUFA. So right now,
I'm just lightly going in. And you guys
can see it's [music] not too heavy. What
you'll basically do is go in with some
powder and you can probably dab it on
the back of your hand just so it won't
be too heavy. And then you'll lightly
press it in into the skin.
Now I'll be going in with a darker
powder, you have to make sure you have
two powders. One powder that compliments
the bright areas to set and then another
powder that's more of like a skin tone
powder to make sure everything comes
together. This will help for long
lasting and to get away from that dewy
look. You want to have a mattifying
look. It lasts longer. So now I'm just
going in to set the entire rest of the
face with the Huda Beauty in the shade
Cinnamon [music] Bun.
Now it's Time to bring up some more
color into the skin. So, we going in to
bronze. Remember, every cream that you
use in the face has a powder for it. For
example, foundation has a powder for it.
Also, when you are using a cream contour
that has a bronzer, when you are using a
cream blush, that also has a blush
powder. So, just remember to bring that
color back up into the client's skin.
So, I went in with a bronzer from Nars
and I also mixed in a shade from the old
Morphe AB palette. Now, I'm going in
with Exquisite A. This is a perfect
blush, warm tone blush from Nars as
well. Make sure your placement of your
blush is a little bit more higher. Also,
your contour so it can give that lifted
effect. Now, I'm going to go in to start
the baking process. We're going to
snatch up those features. I went in with
the Huda Beauty in the shade KUFA just
to snatch up her features like the nose,
the bright under eye, and also uh the
cheeks. So, make sure when you are doing
this, you don't have to be too
heavy-handed. Just remember the
placement. And you're also just
snatching everything up.
And lately during the baking process, I
love to bring up some um highlighter
into the nose cuz I love to just vision
how this face will come out. And she was
giving y'all. This is from Kisses in the
shade glowing bronze. You guys can get
it from the hair store. This is coming
out so nice. Do y'all see that skin?
This is like a clean bead. So now I'm
going to show you guys all the powders
that we also use and then I also will
show you guys the bronzers and also the
blush.
Now it's time to get the eyebrows
together. I know a lot of you guys love
when I do eyebrows first. I also like
when I do it last cuz I feel like it's
more quicker, but I will show for the
girls who like doing it last and who
want that type of finish. It's not as
hard. I feel like it's basically easy.
It's like tracing and enhancing the
brow. So, right now I'm going in with
either Spice Rum and Chestnut just to
the same concealers that we used for the
face just to go in with a flat brush and
line up her eyebrows. You'll make sure
you blend out that concealer on the
entire lid. And then you'll begin to
mattify that area by setting that area.
When you are setting the eyebrows and
setting the eyelids, it will help for
long lasting and where it could be
easier for you to fill in those brows. I
like to go in with the Lifest Pen from
NYX in the shade espresso. And then
you'll just outline the top of the brow
with a skin-like [music] concealer.
Mhm.
Now, for the shade of your transition
shade or your eyeshadow shade, if you
want like a natural glam or or a naked
beat. [music]
Now, when it comes to the lighter the
skin tone, you have to go lighter with
your browns. The darker the skin tone,
in order for that color to pop up and
make your client look like they're
popping, you have to go in with a darker
brown. We used the Juvia's Place Warrior
palette, that dark brownness in there.
And then I wanted to blend out and add a
little bit more bronzy to the eyelids.
Something different, something sultry.
And I got this from this palette right
here, y'all. And it's so expensive. One
thing about her palettes, baby, this
palette was like almost like 130. It's
worth it, but cuz the shimmers are raw.
I'm going to show you guys in a dim
light, like the shimmers are [music]
raw, but it's really on the high side.
If I find something a little bit more,
you know, affordable, I'll let you guys
know.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
Heat. Heat.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
Mhm. [music]
Now that the eyebrows are finished, it's
time to go along with the lips, which is
one of my favorite parts. [music]
We went in with the MAC um lip liner in
the shade chestnut. And right now, I'm
just going in with a dark eyeshadow
palette from the Morphe AD just to make
that lip liner a little bit more
chocolatey. Like I love that chocolate
lip liner. And now in the center, I'm
going in with the Maybelline liquid
lipstick. This is in the shade List. And
right in the center, you'll get a tad
bit of white concealer. Only a tad bit
just to get that ombre lip. And make
sure you just blend out all the edges of
everything. I still supposed to see
every single shade. It's supposed to be
a gradient effect. I want to see that
white in the middle. I want to see it go
into that pink and then end up with that
[music] perfect chocolate liner. Then
you'll top it on with some hair store
gloss um from Broadway. And that's your
perfect [music] lip combo. Now, one tip
with the lip combo, do not tell your
client, like do not tell your clients to
blend it out for you. Blend it out
yourself. Blend it out with like a small
angle brush. Um, you have control of
your faces. So, make sure that you have
control because you could turn for one
second and the whole lip combo is gone.
So, it's really about um the limit of
what you're doing. If you're doing too
much rubbing with the lips together,
your lip combo will not be a lip combo.
It's going to make it look as one.
Now it's time to take away that baking.
I know I fall in love with the baking
process how it looks. [music] But y'all,
it's time to take it away. Now, if you
have a client that's similar to the skin
tone, you guys can go with NW55
from MAC Studio [music] Fix Press
Powders or NW50. I use NW55 for her. And
then when it came to her bright areas, I
used NW44.
Now that everything is taken away,
you'll make sure you set that with some
Murphy spray. I had to tell her to hold
her breath because there's more sprays
coming. So after the Morphe, I use
Revolution just to lock in a little bit
more. And then I'll go in with the
L'Oreal. The L'Oreal spray is more like
a got to be glue but for makeup. It made
the makeup stay on for a long time. And
then also, this was the finishing,
y'all. I had to make sure I set her and
just fan her out the old school way. And
y'all, this look was coming out so
perfect. Do [music] y'all see her skin?
Yeah, this came together so well. And
now I'm going in with the highlighter. I
used some more highlighter for her um
nose. And then I went in with the Urban
Decay highlighter in the shade space
cowboy. And this is the finishing of
this look. She was so happy. It was so
tea. Mind you, when the clients come in
there and they're really not crazy about
makeup or they never seen theirelves
with like a full glam and you surprised
them like this, that's when I know I
love my job. And this was eating out.
She loved it. Now I'm doing a few little
touches before we take pictures. Trying
to blend out a few edges. So make sure
you guys stand in front of your clients
before they leave. So where you can see
where you need to, you know, advance and
blend out a little more. And y'all, this
came out perfect. Look at her skin tone.
The camera show no justice for real. I
had to really dim down these cameras
just to show you guys how she was
looking. I sprayed her again before we
finished with everything. And y'all, I
had to turn off them lights. Look how
she looked. Like her skin was just
glowing. this bronze look at down. If
you guys love this look, make sure that
you comment down below. Click that
notification bell so you can be the
first to see whenever Lache Glams post.
Subscribe, like, and comment. I love you
guys so much. I'm coming out with some
more videos, y'all. I promise you. Also,
if you guys want to show some love to my
client, make sure in the comments that
you put long live Bri. You guys keep my
clients in your prayers with their
family and friends. It's not about me.
Um, I have lost a few clients this last
year. has been, you know, a very tough
year, but keep it in the prayers. I did
a dedication video on my Tik Tok [music]
to send some love over with a client who
has passed along. But, um, other than
that, I love you guys. Y'all go follow
me on Tik Tok. Tell a friend to tell a
friend. And I love you guys so much.
Thank you for giving me, you know, my
flowers on Tik Tok. Y'all been showing
me love, seeing that Lache been putting
y'all on, been teaching y'all the game.
And that's what I'm here for, to put
y'all on. Thank you guys for watching. I
hope you guys enjoy. Bye.
