Welcome home ji welcome home
Subhan Allah wow ji
ji come come come
salam walekum
wala bulldozer [laughs]
black
friend
now let me show you a surprise for which all the credit
goes to Kashif Khan sit kite
bag kite bag
come from here
this is a surprise for you you haven't gone anywhere yet
what is it
oh well
assalaam walekum raja
such a lovely surprise is this mine no no
[laughs] this is not a surprise
he has brought a surprise for you
ok tell me something
this is your first surprise
what is this oh
well
oh well ji
assalaam walekum children. Today we
started the vlog because we had returned after visiting the pilgrimage.
So I told my
children that I went there and prayed for everyone. I
swear I don't know how to
come up with names for each child. But I
filled my bags in such a way and placed them in the court of Maula that
Maula Allah Pak may fulfill everyone's wishes in your name.
Baba and I should
come together because we are your parents. We
handed over everyone's prayers to Maula. May Allah
Pak Maula give you all the best in his holy name
and may
Maula call you people again and again to his door.
Everyone feels like having such a door. Allah Pak should
give whatever is being asked for from his lordship.
In his name, Baba and I are together. That's why we are together. Okay,
now I went there last night. Obviously, I talked a
lot with Miss and Rajbari. We do
n't like to go out without them. This is the case with every
parent. So, when we
came at night, we got a little late. I
found Rajbari. He was tired and slept. You
go. I said, now I will
start my vogue myself before he wakes up so that Baba can also wake up. Baba
's throat is sore. Baba ate curd there and
ate cold curd with hot rice.
Now he is unable to speak. He told me his
throat is bad. Now I said, I will wake up Rajbali just like
I do, so you also come with me. Let's wake
him up and tell him,
Bhaiya, we have started vogue, now you can
start your vogue further. Okay, now we will go to the
lighting room. Let's go there for the sake of it.
Oh mumma's love [sound of clearing throat] get up
mumma, we are here to wake you up, still get up, yes get up,
we have come, your life again [laughter] I gave
you leave of slave, now we have woken up,
come my sher,
what did I say, should I give you praise, my
child has cleaned the house very well,
all the fans are clean, mother should go in charity, my son is
not taking away the love, well, it's been
10 days since I have a son, I
swear to God, all the children are praying, you
also say Maula, without you, love me as much as you
love me in the world, Rajab Rajab everywhere, Maula,
my name has come everywhere, I swear, salam to all,
I started this group,
I tell my children of India too,
say thanks to everyone, girls, children, I swear, mothers and sisters
love you very much,
all the children of Kashmir, Maula, keep everyone safe,
I am everyone's mother, everyone, it's been a long time,
I said, you heard so much, got the house cleaned,
mother should go in charity,
believe me, for the last 12 days, 11 days When
sahab left, there is no routine, I am getting up at 4:00, I am getting up at
5:00, sometimes I am vlogging,
sometimes I am not vlogging, there is no one to wake me up,
okay, Doger, especially, he was thanking me that it's
okay, I do
n't have to come to the
showroom, just do
vlogs,
okay, so vlogs, I got up, had breakfast, then I
also showed you the dream house, I will also see how
slow you are doing the work for two years, that's it, let's
start,
I am saying, have you seen this house, right,
I will show you the dream house the day after tomorrow, relax, be easy, what is the
need right now,
no, be easy, you have delayed this much,
that guy told you that
you will not get the house ready in a year, it's been two years, son, you
misunderstood it, get up, it's been 10 minutes, then we will go, get up,
my child, lovingly saying, you are wasting my
life, well,
you don't
want to go, you go, then come, I have to take off my shirt-suit, friend, get up,
lovingly saying, get up, take
off that shirt-suit, let's go,
yes, I am taking it out for five minutes Come out
Assalamu Alaikum Rahmatullah Wa Barakatu,
first I will call and find out because today
Ali Asif told me that our
garage is raw,
consider that the plaster of the garage will be laid today, all the
concrete sheets of the garage will be laid today, if
it is laid and my ceiling of the first floor is
complete then I will take it, otherwise I will
not take it,
otherwise she will make a spectacle of me in front of the labourers there, she will beat me to death,
let me wear my shirt,
brush my teeth and wear a cap, let me
call Ali Yasir, if I sit in the car, it
means I should go and if I do not sit then I will have to
take that film. I cannot afford to live in the mines of labour.
Come brother, come brother
Bismillahma Rahim. Thank you Mashallah.
Assalamu Alaikum Rahmatullah Wa Barakatahu.
Bismillah Rahman Rahim. Allah Sallallaa
Muhammad Wale Muhammad Wajil Famain.
His Rajab is once again present in the service of his Rajab family.
I have spoken to Ali.
Ali is saying that Gaj Vaj or Rajab But is
not an issue at all. Bring mother.
Bring Baba. When he sees the house today, he will be
happy. Meaning, I have done my best work.
So I hope that when you people
watch it today, you will appreciate our speed.
Friend, believe me the labour troubles me. We
never troubled him from the financial side.
But the labour troubles me. If they go on Eid then
they come back late. I should go on some other leave
, go home or the Vadis come
, or the harvesting of the fields comes, they trouble me, that is why I am getting
late. Otherwise I am
standing there licking my own lips. Just let it end as soon as
possible. Anyways
mom is coming. Let's go and introduce Vogue.
After that we will take you straight to the
dream house and see
what mom's reaction is. She is happy
or angry, she gets abused or she
gets praised. And after that or
before that I will send you all the information about last night's
events that you guys are thinking about which
I told you in yesterday's vlog. If
you saw yesterday's vlog, you'll have an idea. While
ending the vlog, I had told
that a surprise and feast is pending from my side for all the
Jairs and their families.
I have shot it and kept it. And another
guy who has come to Pakistan is the
second highest authority. Ok?
Due to which there was no vlog the day before yesterday. She started running from Islamabad
straight to Lahore. I shot that too
for you guys. That's much I love you guys.
Can you guys imagine? I could still
shoot vlogs today. If he had come, he could have met him. I would have hosted the
feast today but I
did everything the day before yesterday and kept the clips for you all.
Ok. Let Amma come. See you later. Come on.
Come, come, come.
My friend, how are you? I'm
fine. Thank you friend.
You UK girl? How are
you girl.
Come, come, come, come, sit down, sit down
, sit down. Where's my dad? Where's
my dad? I am coming. Are you
coming? Come
, come.
But pwan ji, but pwan, but pon sher lolar.
Allah is good.
You are not well. I am telling you to
rest. I will come. No, it's okay. That's for sure. I have a
sore throat, darling.
Look, I go there with great interest. I don't know when it will be
completed. I will be fine soon,
Inshallah. Bismillah Rahma Rahim Allah
Sala Mohammad Mohammad Wajil Raza Azmai, the
glow on my face is telling you people that
I am feeling blessed because the master is
sitting with me, the master, the
master, is undoubtedly the being of Allah, but I am
talking about things, the masters of things are
sitting with me, so at this time I am feeling secure and Alhamdulillah Alhamdulillah completely complete, may Allah give
you
health and life, I have realised
in 10-12 days that there is no
life without parents and especially a
child like me who is completely dependent on his
parents, well in every respect, if he is
dependent on his parents in every respect, then there is no
life for him.
What will a person who doesn't get a drain or a belt do? Do you understand? No matter how many
workers or brothers you have at home, the
name of your parents has not changed. Anyway, G introduces
Vogue and
takes the owners to their properties. We show them the
project of their property which we are making
as a contractor. I hope
he likes it. We should
not have committed any mistake or negligence. There should
not be any slowness in our speed. I wish it were so.
Otherwise, the abuses will have to be
hurled in front of the labourers. Let's do the introduction
and arrive. Let me show you also.
Yes, Assalamu Alaikum. Do
n't spoil your throat. You only Assalamu
Alaikum.
Welcome back to a brand new one.
Okay son, now you don't pray that the
work doesn't end up where I left it. Whether the
work is done or not, I swear you've
shown a lot of laziness, you're going to get scolded in front of them. Let me
tell you this. And
I'm not going to leave the laborer [sound of clearing throat] as well.
Listen to me. I have some respect there. You have some sense there, right?
You won't make any excuses there.
And I haven't allowed a single day off. There hasn't been a single
negligence on anything, no
money withheld, nothing. Work is getting done for even a single day.
Okay, this is a canal house, it's not a five-person
house. It takes time,
I'll see it,
friend. Just take a look first.
Yes, let me take a look. The laborer is also in trouble today.
Then,
okay, please take a look once. Okay, I
hope you're all well, dear. How are you? Shut up,
Rustom. You're good,
my beautiful child. Okay, I
hope you're all well from the office. You're in
good health. My brothers, my
sisters, my uncles, my aunts, my
My nephews, everyone will be fine, take good
care of yourself, your Deja
family is very dear to you. Be happy, be prosperous.
Wherever you live, with your parents,
with your brothers and sisters, with your wife and children, with your
friends, may my Lord grant you
double the day and night, prosperity and
also the good fortune of settling down. I reach my
dream house. You guys arrived last night. Go
and see what surprise your brother had arranged for the young ones. Did you
like it? Right right. Tell me the truth.
Yes, it felt so good. That's for sure.
One thing wasn't out of place.
Ok?
everything good.
You should go and see
what surprise was arranged for the children.
After that I will meet you at Dream House. Yes yes, don't worry, don't worry.
The second entry
is Moto Entry, you will also get to see it in this vlog today.
Yesterday, for the first time in my life,
I stayed at the airport for so long,
brother. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. This
is the same vlog from yesterday and the same clip is playing.
All the family members are waiting.
Look at the time, what has happened? The
time is 2:10. And what am I waiting for
? think for yourself. I have
stopped all the vehicles including four cruisers and two Fortuners.
15 people have been detained. Who are you waiting for
?
Shahbaz Bukhari. Everyone is waiting for Syed Shahbaz Bukhari
and as I
told you, the second one we got a
call from the higher authority was Shaadi Bhai. Okay
Shaji Bhai said that my no, I said
friend, the time between us and you is
collapsing. Now I cannot make those 8, 10, 12, 15
guys who have come from above on such a long
flight wait for you.
Ok. Although his flight took place
earlier and Amma and her flight took place
later. Ok? But now the
collapse has happened. Amma's flight
landed at 12:30 and Shadi's flight is landing at
2:00. By the time Amma's people
came out, it was 1:30 and we were
waiting for her for half an hour. How are you now? Are you
okay? I think your planning has gone wrong. Isn't it
? Which plans? You have a
plan, right? There
is a plan.
Which plan?
Those who are going to your house are going to
your house. Okay all right.
Haider Bhai, whom are you waiting for,
your friend?
Yes, brother's marriage.
Now in the morning you will get the benefit of saying good morning. I will come.
What will you do by saying good morning?
Baby good morning baby. [laughter]
Well, why are you waiting? Because I
found out that he was bringing gifts. So I found out that he was
bringing gifts. I am waiting after doing this.
Otherwise maybe I should call a driver,
park the car,
go away, that's it. What are you saying now, did you
not land there?
I think the land is done.
Took a lota of LV for this.
LV's a lot.
Give it to him.
Well, it's 2:10. We
go to the front for 5 minutes. We will give a warm welcome to Shahzad Bhai.
Ok. I am welcoming you.
I am not going.
Why? It will definitely
come. He
is your friend, friend. He is a
friend, it's okay, he didn't come today.
He is bringing something for you, think about
LV. Whoever is bringing the menu is acceptable. The
Paratha seller
says, the Paratha seller is bringing pigeons
for you. He says it is acceptable. Well, they do
n't know it's coming. No, no, he will go, it is
natural for him to go, his friend is coming. I am bringing the rest.
Yes, yes, will you bring it for everyone?
For me.
Brother, tell me what did he bring for you?
Whatever you were for me,
he is bringing the same for you. [laughter] That's also
his coming from America. He also
sent $12,000.
Till then give 12500 anyway let's go
ahead and tell Shadi
that ten
love and Aredi is mine and whatever
you want, give these two,
apart from this give whatever
Chaudhary saheb asks for, I will give it to you.
Oh well zindabad, let's go. We give a
grand welcome to Shadi bhai, receive him,
then throw Shadi bhai in this car,
take all the gifts and reach
home. I have made some arrangements at home as well.
Later,
Bhai saheb has left, Bhai Shari saheb, so while coming out
of the airport, I am
saying airport, while coming out, it took time, it was supposed to take an
hour, saheb said I don't have time to
come, that's why
my mother did
not have time, we all were getting late, we were
waiting,
no, we were waiting, brother, it's a simple matter,
that's why we have come. Now when Shadi
leaves the airport, we will meet him, then we will show you. He has come, he has come, he will take it,
how will he come from here, come, the
prisoner has stopped him, he has brought it
Shadi ji,
come
here, come here, come here Come here, come here, come here,
Shari Sahib, come, come, come, come,
jump and come like this, you will come, you will come, it is
stuck, you have
taken it, friend, come on, go back
there and
bring the thing,
what are you doing with it back?
Dude, where are you going brother? Hello
what?
Where is Halo going?
You know, son, he is looking at the stuff.
What is it this time?
Oh, this is not that, this is stuff.
Oh, this is not that stuff.
This is the same stuff.
That is not there.
This is the same one.
He is not crazy. It's in that bag. This
is true.
Oh
my god, I
know
you are my brother, now your work is complete,
so this one is inside him too, it is happening to
your children inside him, I know,
I said, it is happening to your children, he must be
saying something, what is he
saying, wasn't he quiet like this, you came, you
saw the train coming out, that's why he is with me, I
heard, I have brought it for me, I have brought it, welcome home ji, welcome
home
Bismillah Rahman Rahim wow wow wow wow wow wow wow
Subhan Allah wow ji wow what a
thing, welcome home, welcome home
brother, thank you very much, wow ji wow
what are you,
come, yes, that's it, oh yours, I have not come, they will
come, leave it, leave it, all of them,
leave it,
welcome will
directly hit you on the face, come, come, by saying
Bismillah Bismillah,
okay, right now I welcome you properly
everyone, Mama ji, Papa ji
and Shali Bhai, Ali Bhatt Bhai, Nara, everything is fine,
your
brother, listen to me, hey, you have
thrown flower petals, again you are talking nonsense,
I ate the same thing Why don't you give me the same thing, why did you make me eat it,
listen to me, I know
where you guys have come from, it's fine there, you can
even save our lives, but the food is not tasty, the
food is just tomatoes and brinjals,
chopped tomatoes in the morning, boiled
tomatoes in the afternoon, steamed tomatoes at night,
keep one dish of boiled brinjals, keep
one dish of boiled tomatoes and make fritters, what am I, oh oh oh
Bismillah,
Zahir sahib, you have come back from the road, you have come back from the
road, listen to me, I have
prepared a surprise for you, I
swear by Allah, if you don't enjoy it, if you will enjoy it, you will appreciate it, if you don't enjoy it, you will say whatever you want, no,
then it will become an English atmosphere, it will be an
English atmosphere, Gal sahib, I have
seen such things, you must be
allergic,
listen to me, oh aunt Noshi is also awake,
wow, wow, it will be content only [laughs]
why don't you prepare it, what are you saying,
yes, this is obvious, isn't it, well,
I have prepared a surprise, it's ready, you all are hungry, are you
hungry right now, are you hungry or
not right now
Very much friend, it's only been
3 now, you are hungry,
okay, come on brother, let me give you breakfast one more morning, no no
dear, it is your surprise,
yes it is yours, okay, it is
not mine, I was scared, maybe it is mine,
walk from the side, from the side,
okay, I will now show you guys the
surprise, the entire credit for which
goes to Kashif Khan. Don't go to Kashi,
Lalla,
give it to me, friend, give it to me,
you take all my credit, okay okay done,
how do you want the credit, in the form of a cheque or in the
form of cash, no no,
just simple, okay,
all the credit goes to
my boys, friend, to all these boys,
I just requested them, what are their names,
friend, I need these things,
they have fulfilled all that,
food for 20-22 people, Bhaijaan, it is
very important for Punjabis and Pakistanis, they are
doing the pilgrimages, may Allah
bless them, may their pilgrimages be accepted,
but the thing is that roti, roti, is
very important for Punjabis. Ok?
Come here Kashi. Say Bismillah. Aye hi hi hi hi hi hi hi
your brother got potato chicken soup made at home. Long live the
gravy man. Turn on its stove slowly.
Heat it. The story does not end here. Come here.
Ye Baat Mutton Pulao. Ok
? Mutton pulao for everyone. One minute. Just pieces.
Aye hi hi hi. The things for which
these people were craving there, come on stop it
son. Stop it, the things
these people were craving for there have come, they have come, they have come,
they have also come, the thick ones have come, they have gone behind, behind, behind, behind, the bags, the
bags, come
here, there is a lot of
movement, how are you still, the
song has come on the front, well friend, where is that
water,
which water,
all the water,
okay, listen to me, I have taken up the bag,
yes, yes, we have it, we have
packed everything, that's fine, the rotis and the
chapatis have come, the signature is on, let's
start eating and then you,
oh brother,
Assalam Walekum, Anti-Noshi [laughter], Assalam Walekum,
friend, you don't see anyone else, only Anti-
Noshi is visible, the
cell bulldozer [laughter], there is the
lock, friend, the
key, the mouse, oh
I am, no, Dada, I will open it [laughter],
friend, I have come, I have taken your
bag, I have taken his bag, I have to
open the bag, I will
open it right now, don't worry, hey, hey, quickly, quickly, don't wait,
you have come to
pick us up, Ali Asif has not come,
Ali Asif, just look, look, I had
told my brother, I said this is going on, he should
die in Iraq. They
said loudly that he should
die in Iraq itself.
Why?
He should be buried there in Jannat Baqi
and I will put everything inside. The
food has arrived, sit down. It's done, it's started. Got
connected. The food has arrived. Sit down, I know
he's hungry. Come on friend, serve the food brother.
Bhai
Wale
I said ok jaan bye bye good
night good night
hey Gaza has come hey Gaza has come say goodbye to Maula say bye bye to Maula say bye bye bye bye oe say it with your hand
salam Walekum Abdullah Allah Hafiz say bye bye
oe Maula ji oe oe come on
my son is going to his home did you
eat properly
brother nor my beloved has not come
thank you baba thank you mother you did
not eat food please remember
oh friend I am unwell si
ok dieting dieting girl dieting dieting I have to do dieting
good girl good girl where did Jawad Jawad brother
ok yes we will
meet tomorrow inshallah bye bye go well
Allah Hafiz brother thank you so much once again
friend you have fulfilled a big duty thank
you
yes Alhamdulillah you have come your
kindness thank you thank you ok bhabhi
Allah Hafiz Allah Hafiz bye bye bye
take care
mamma ji the food was right It was prepared,
Alhamdulillah, thank Allah Pak, it is a
sure thing, Bhat Sahib, where did it go, brother Sahib, the
food was fine, it is a
sure thing, go and take rest, you check the time,
what happened, it is 4 o'clock, the food was fine, it was
very
big, you have come back after doing the pilgrimage, you have walked a lot,
you are asking, Tanu is also fine,
yes sir, it was right, come on, get up, get enough
sleep, take a bath when you are fresh, meet
Sharif Bhai and
tell him, then International Podcaster, I swear to God, what should I
say, there are a lot of problems.
No, the issue also has to be addressed.
Listen to me, whatever you were talking about this afternoon, he will repeat it for you.
Which one?
Which has done a lot of work. I
swear to God, But Sir, I have
not yet done any vlog about coming here from there.
I have never worked so hard in my life. I have done
four podcasts in two days, morning and evening,
morning and evening. I'm done. I have to take a
full week off later.
Well, I have to take a week off by doing four podcasts.
Haider Sahib?
Brother.
Oh, I'm hungry again. I did
not eat it. Okay, look here, after two months,
I am going to
see how I am living, roti, puri
roti,
you are thinking that your invitation will be made after two months, if it is made then
more will be made,
okay then listen to me,
when am I doing the gift-opening thing right now,
what about gifts, I want gifts, it will take
a minute, one minute all the fakeness has come
out, have you understood, don't you want to
open the gifts,
yes, no gifts, then in the morning,
okay, right now, where do you want to go,
home, and where do you want to go, don't you want to go, I don't have a
wife, I don't have children, I want to
meet you [laughs], you can't go, go, okay, bye, bye, in the
morning, just come on,
my vlog is at 8:00 am, okay, bye, bye, I will
meet you, now in the morning,
I have taken the clip, I will put it in tomorrow's blog, come on
Bhatt sahab,
Bismillah, sir, Bismillah,
Assalam Walekum, welcome back to the
current day and the current situation, I hope that
you all are happy with the surprise that I had planned for the young ones, for
their entry, then for their
food and drinks. Arrangements had been made. You
guys must have liked it. Now we have reached the
dream house. Come on. But sir, my
love, please come. My love my love. Come on.
Amma, look ahead, look ahead, look ahead. Come here, give me your hand,
give me your hand. Good sir. Now I will tell you
one guy, please come forward first. Move ahead. Move ahead. Let me introduce you to
a guy. Ok.
After introducing me to a guy, I will
show you that. What major change has happened in our house now? The
next work that we
started next. I can see it.
Come out. Ok ok.
Hi. Assalam Walekumma ji.
Ma ji he did not come to pick you up yesterday he did
not come to pick you up remember you Chaudhary sahab
came and even if he had not come it would have been fine
uncle we had less cars I
said I am completely
ashamed friend we have
one car and
what do we have,
thank God God has given us everything
yes ji ok ji listen to me did you come inside did you not come here did you not
come here did you not come here these two
brothers came here came here look up look up
Bismillah
okay
you have escaped from the cracks yes ji the
first work is done the
ceiling work away from the grey structure
this is the only change
no brother did you not come after seeing the bags that garage did
not come after selling it yes
today the entire garage is raw today my
friend got the
work done while standing ma ji oh
you have just come you are joking shame you have just come
brother
I am saying I have come 10 times the
house is at the same place where I used to leave it nothing
changes
uncle those technical work is being done
in between you would have got the news of that now
you used to understand technical work today you are a great designer
you have designed only one thing in your entire life There
is him and this cute little child of ours, come on move on, come on move on,
how are you brother, are you
fine now you have started watching TV.
How much time will this take?
Three.
Three days, two days. Ok. Good sir.
I left this ceiling of your player room.
As you say,
you have to install all the flags etc. here.
She is lovely.
Yes, whatever I tell you will happen. Come here for a moment. Let me
show you my third bedroom. That's why I did
n't start from the bottom. First let
me show you the major work that we have got done.
Look at this, sir.
This is not a firing foiler yet. Those who know,
they know what is just below
? There is wood. What is this?
These look like plates basically.
Plates? Yes, these plates are looking good.
All the designing will be done on it and then
this ceiling will be complete. ok sir. This
room is also complete.
But you know from my room that wherever your
brother Rajab is, you will get views.
Alhamdulillah, there are six rooms in this house, out of which
five rooms are yours and
this room is mine. Get this designed for me too. Get that
designed for me too.
Sir, this also has to be in one room and one player
room and one room. Listen to me.
I can also live in five rooms.
I have seen in one of the houses, sometimes I am
like Shah, sometimes I am like Musa, sometimes I dream of the panels in my house, I am
tired of checking the panels, how are they?
Yes, I see some changes, I will
show you the change downstairs as well.
Okay, our ceiling work is going on in full swing,
all this ceiling material is
lying there, two are ready and
they have started from the first floor,
after that the ground floor, then the basement, that means it will take at
least 15 to 20 days for the ceiling people to complete the ceiling of
our house. While doing the
work, come down, let me
show you the ground floor work. Here,
your order has come, thank you, take it
brother,
you all have to eat,
okay, may Allah keep you healthy, did you
not eat yesterday, son?
Yes, I will
feed everyone. Yes,
today it is four, yes, today it is, okay,
come, here is our
last work, okay, our garage, you know
that when you last came here, it was getting
raw, it was getting rusted, okay, oh, okay,
look, our entire street is
ready now, I It is
not going till the end there, it is ready till the end, meaning
our stones all around have become raw
and I am calling this a lintel, Ali
says this is not called a lintel, meaning
they have poured concrete. Okay,
Mama ji, just come from here,
this is our sewerage tank, all the pipe-ship
work by the plumber is done, come here,
listen to me, I need a small
permission from you, okay, our house right now is on the
canal, Mashaallah, we have more than enough,
okay, but space for two vehicles is being made here, one
here, one here,
all our automatic doors will come here, okay,
space for two vehicles is being made,
I want to make space for the third vehicle, move
back, friends children, this place which
you have occupied, where
you must have thought of planting onions, ghoongu, bitter gourd,
if you give me permission, I can get
tiles installed here also, my third
vehicle will be easily parked there and
I have kept three vehicles at home. One for you,
two for me.
If you give me more, I will get the mangoes prepared for you outside. The
mango will be ready outside.
Yes, yes it will happen.
Yes yes yes yes,
okay tell him, yes
brother, the people in front have built it, you also see
what has happened, if you give me permission and
give me that place, then I can
park another car there very nicely.
Please I request. Ok? Okay brother, get that
area also paved. Get the raw material laid and
concrete poured and tiles have to be installed there also.
Now green grass is not growing there. Did you
understand? Ok it's done.
ok sir. Ok. Wo
n't you scold me now? No no,
scold me, I will take it out.
I have to plant trees.
Sit in the car, I am coming. Okay,
yes brother, But Bahadur Malik did
not tell anything to the owners. Then there is
no praise, no scolding, no rebuke.
I am congratulating you brother. You have
n't given it yet, right? Well done, you have given a little well done. When you have to give well done, you should say it in a loud voice. Just
like you abuse loudly, you should also say well done in a
loud voice. Well done, well done. I am
very happy. Now,
thank God. Now, you should see after 15 days.
Your gate will also be installed. Okay, and
after that, the ceiling of your entire house will be complete.
Apart from that, your tiles will arrive at their place
and the installation will start within these 10
days, Inshallah. Okay, the
rest of the preparations are complete. Then
what are you preparing for?
My special dream, my life's special
dream is for
tomorrow. Okay, see, those works are such that they are for
ladies. I know all those works. You were
also out there. Ghazal was also outside. I have done as much as I
can. I have done it as per my capacity.
Inshallah, I will show it to you
tomorrow. After it is complete, all those preparations will be ready. It has come, now what is left to do? Now what is left? The
choice was mine, neither the
choice was yours, but the idea was all mine
and now nothing is left. Now the delivery will take place tomorrow. I will show it to
you tomorrow
and to mom also.
Surprise
surprise inshaAllah
house mashallah
good house you like the house
yes beautiful
and what about the basements
everyone yes or yes is it
good
no Zainab will like it very much
is it good
yes
like UK and not no it is
okay [laughs]
okay it is like you only liked the house
thank you Alhamdulillah let's reach
home let's see what is the next scene
part now our next one yes I have to drop them
I have to take a shower
change my clothes I have just had coffee I have
n't even had breakfast yet okay reach home
drop them and then we will see the next scene by the time
I reach home
like the video leave a nice comment
share it with your friends subscribe to the channel
press the bell icon because 10
million is about to be ours and we have made
a promise yesterday, till now Alhamdulillah Alhamdulillah we are moving
well on that, we are moving with proven steps and
hopefully in the future too we will move forward on that in the best way
so that life can be easier but sir
you have told something No friend, you like the home
and not, come on, first of all friend,
I don't know why you were
born in the house of Urdu people,
I was quite an English child friend,
listen to me, when we were sitting
in the plane, it was business class,
so the thing that was in his hand went to the long seat, the person to whom he was
given it dropped it somewhere
and that Arabic person was saying, I gave it to him.
Well, he was explaining in Arabic. He was
explaining in Arabic. I said, Papa will
come after some time, then I gave it to him.
Papa has lived in Kuwait. Do you speak Arabic in Kuwait
?
Friend, tell me
what's the matter. You can talk to me in English
any time. Whenever you want.
You know, you know, I like to be a little crazy
, a fool. But I can
speak?
English very well you know very well. You learn
from the best. Yeah, oh my God. Not the
best, but at least, I can speak.
Buddy. [laughter]
Don't abuse.
I am famous for the.
You can't abuse in the vlogs.
I am famous.
Well, you like it better.
Hey no brother, what happened?
What are you doing? I
also get those people's hair. What? See you outside.
Home. You can't
abuse me in my vlog.
Well, it looks big on his face [laughs]. She abuses me, friend.
You can't
abuse me in my vlog. Wear it. Little
kids watch my
vlogs, man. I am reaching home. You get it after reaching home
or Apology Accepted. See you after
reaching home.
Come on, let's
go. Hello uncle. How are you? There
is great speed today.
One Hour Later.
Hi.
Ok sir. Took a shower. Changed my clothes. It's
time. May Allah bless you.
How much time has passed? Yes. It's 7:00. Let's go out. I have to
pick up Shelly and
then go straight to the gym. Listen, listen to me. I have
a surprise for you.
You don't have to go anywhere right now.
What's the surprise?
You also did not go anywhere. It's 7:00 for you
brother. It's my gym time.
I'm going to the gym. Please do me
your kindness by not bringing a hurdle in anything of mine.
I don't want any surprises.
Nor can you give me any surprise. Let
me go please. Listen to me. Don't
be so punctual and so decent that we can't digest it.
You go upstairs now. I have a very sweet surprise for you.
God bless you
Salman Bhai, you can say whatever you want.
You people can say whatever you want about the path I have started on.
I am the same now. If you
slap me here, I will slap you on the other cheek.
Brother, I will kill you here also. I sware.
You will like the surprise, a guy is waiting for
you, please go upstairs.
Above?
Yes, up. Come on, let's see.
What surprise did Salman Bhai get after that? We will go
to the gym.
What is? What is?
Oh well.
Greetings.
Such a lovely surprise. [laughter] Is this
mine? No, no, this is not a surprise.
He has brought a surprise for you.
Well, it's not yours.
I am wearing a pink shirt and you have come as my surprise.
How are you dear? Roman, how are you
friend? Be patient after so long. Let's shake
hands first. Then Shafi is added. Is
he feeling well? Ok.
Why don't you get your hair cut? There is no barber in your neighborhood. Yes,
I will get it done now. I will get it done as you wish. Get it done. It's a
good thing.
What surprise? Where did it go?
What's the surprise? Say nothing.
This is your first surprise.
What is this?
See how many followers you have on Instagram
? 3 million
3 million no
one celebrated,
even your friends and family did not celebrate,
okay so that thing is becoming very
personal to me, this is becoming personal, I am
telling you my pain, he is teasing me,
see, I will say one thing, he is
reminding me again, how do you know that no
one celebrated, I watch
your vlogs, I watch your videos, I did not
celebrate, that is why
I felt bad, friend,
those people are not there, it is not something to feel bad about,
they are busy people, okay, I
am a well man, friend, all my friends
are celebrities, you know, okay and Shaiz has now become an
international podcaster. Haider also did
not remember, Doger also did not remember.
And now look what we have brother, today it is 3
million. After 15 days, after a month it will become
4 million and on YouTube it will become 10
million. He says, friend, this happens to you every
day. Keep celebrating it.
And he is right to a large extent. And so on and so forth also happened.
Yes.
This came after that.
Brother, this came to me when I had an
apartment worth Rs 100 and this song was standing behind me.
Remember [laughter]? It went
viral. What is happening to him? I
came on Kali. Then after that he
came on his Fortuner and made my picture, he had
another name for me and it was also a watch,
yes I remember, I remember, I remember,
thank you so much my love, I thank you for your efforts,
everything is a
small thing for you, but
what did you bring, please show me
this is the first of all cake,
okay, reserve it for the family, it has
3 million views on Instagram, look at it
carefully, carefully, carefully,
Adda Vadda Cake, is this all a cake, should the
ones on the side order
brother, this is a cake of 15 pounds,
oh well, whatever force
you put in, it
looks like 1500 pounds.
Looks like 1500 pounds.
You guys will enjoy it when you see it. Look at
this [laughter]
good.
Okay, open it. Bismillah one two three
and say ok ok ok.
Yes brother is the elder brother. Done.
Oh well sir!
This is good, man. This is actually good. The
box isn't great but the cake inside
is lovely. Congratulations for 3 million
families and here's our London picture.
This is good friend. Thank you so much my
love. I liked it. I used to
think you were Shyam. You turned out to be Ram. Thank
you. I was feeling ashamed after seeing the doctor. I can't
say anything to Docker. Docker has just gifted me Rs 5 lakh.
Well, I
complained to him once. I said friend, my three
million. Hey, shut up. Key celebration
celebration celebration. I keep quiet and say that I have given you a
car worth Rs 5 lakh. Haider has
given such a lovely gift. Moses gave it.
Shari has given it. Chaudhary Saheb gave it. Ali
Bhai gave it. Chaudhary Saheb did not give it.
Chaudhary Saheb gave a lollipop. Ok. Yes. A
$1000 lollipop is a given.
I have been a [ __ ] for the last three months.
$1000 worth of
g. I don't know where he sent it.
Leave it. Look, Ali Bhai gave a watch worth $1 lakh.
Mashallah.
Ok. This was all for 9 million.
So then I told him yes 3 million. So
I had to fight them all. So I kept quiet.
I said come on friend, we are not
celebrating. No problem. But Ghazal and
my mother should have done it. Should have done it.
Exactly.
Thank you so much. You brought me. I
liked it very much. Love you my love.
Now stop stop stop. It's just not there right now.
Hey, what is it then? There are
many more things. Right now I do
n't have a gift for you, friend, which
I was thinking of. [laughter]
He came wearing a pink shirt, right? No, no, no.
He is nothing like that. Then
?
This is for you. The first gift is for you.
Good.
Ok.
You also do you know gym. I
try, friend, I don't go to the gym.
This type of shirt suits me.
Oh nice bro. You Polo boy
gundo
hi hi what a thing, you have just brought a beautiful shade
Polo boy thank you my love thank you so much
yes it is lying there bring it it is filled it is filled aye hi hi hi it is a perfume there is a shortage of perfume these days brother jaan oe hoye hoye hoye champ you will enjoy this friend aye this is too much thank you so much my love no God thank
you so much God bless you I cannot
cut this
because I have to take a picture of it it has been
a long time since I posted on Instagram
still the followers are increasing
not increasing. Ok. Till now
you are the number one YouTuber of Pakistan.
You know
no friend it's fine now. We're just YouTubers.
Whoever is number one. May Allah keep everyone happy.
Thank you so much. Now whenever you put it,
I will also give you a small gift.
You tell me how many you have
on YouTube. You have been working hard for a long time,
Mashallah. Till now it is only
150.
So friend, there is no tension. What's in it?
Look, you have 150 of them on your own YouTube.
Ok? There are 2 to 3
million people watching you here. I mean, I
recognize your face, right? Yes. The
short ones are together. Yes. Isn't it
? Still, let me put the link of his channel.
Okay guys.
A whole group of aliens should also go and thank
him because he celebrated his 3 millionth success.
I have put the Instagram link and YouTube link of this. You should
go and subscribe to it and as many people as
possible should subscribe, two lakh, two and a half lakh, three
lakh, four lakh five, I feel like getting it done for a million.
He has brought so much love
for me. I feel like getting a
million rupees and then I get a pink shirt.
Hail. What is the matter?
I will wear a pink shirt from today.
Good for [sound of clearing throat] you. Be a
man, not a shape.
I pink
be a man, not a shape, good? Here you go son, this is for
you. Thank you. Hi Malik, Ganimat Phadho
ji, thank you, the
link is in the description, he
gave me a gift and we have to return the gift, come on, I have
a look [nasal sound] guys, have a
look, this is one shot C4, okay, this is
one for me, one for my partner Shahri Bhai
and one for our gym trainer, that Izhar,
okay, I would have taken one for Haider also,
but Haider clearly refused that
I don't want to go to the gym, I said okay, now
I don't even want to ask you. I have been working under you for three months.
People have been following me on Snapchat for the last three months.
Bring Haider. Bring Haider.
Bring Haider. Why aren't you coming to the gym?
Why aren't you coming to the gym? Why aren't you coming to the gym?
Now what should I tell you, I cannot pick you up from home. I have been
frying it for three months.
Today again I messaged asking whether I wanted to go or
not? I am changing the time because of you, you can
see. I'm going to the gym today at 7:30. I will
reach at 8:00. Your excuse was that
I have to come live at 11:00. That will also be
covered. Now we will be home at 9:00. He
says I did not go. I said
okay, now I don't even have to ask. Secondly,
our car perfume ran out.
Here comes our perfume. All set. Okay,
now there is a slight change in the plan. The initial plan was
that Haider, Dor, Shahjahan,
Musa, Jahangir, all of us had to
gather at Shahjahan's house and give him the
gifts that had come for us from Dubai.
Actually, gifts have also come for us from Karbala.
Unboxing will take place at two places, at
my house and at Shiazhi's house.
But now the vlog has become too long and it is
time for me to go to the gym. Because
your brother must have taken the oath yesterday. Your
brother has vowed to go to the gym regularly on time.
And there are many such bad habits. There are
many such friendships which have
perhaps
made me a Rajab, which I am
not at all. I was just a family oriented boy
who came on YouTube two and a half to three years ago.
I don't want to go too deep. Just forget about
it. But I am no longer that.
So I am trying to make myself like that,
Insha Allah. So in between I have also made a promise
that I have to go to the gym at 8:00.
Insha Allah, vogue time has to start. The
rest is the one who attains pure perfections.
Allah is the saviour of life. Allah is
merciful to pure hearts. The one who
put it in my heart should put it in the hearts of others
too. Everyone should be happy and then earn and eat. So
now we have decided to end this vlog here.
Insha Allah, the
vlogs that have come from Karbala in the morning will also be there. And the
vogues that have come from Dubai will also be unboxed.
No, I won't be able to do it even in the morning. Morning is a
very important day. Morning is a very
important day. Quoting Chhote Bhatt Saheb. It is a
very important day. His
Baba has worked very hard to achieve what he has.
Apart from money, I also used my brain for the first
time. Yes, that will happen in the morning. The unboxing
may not happen even tomorrow, it will happen the day after tomorrow. Ok?
Now I will tell you in the morning what Amma is
talking about whether the preparations have been done or not.
Ok? I will end this vlog here
and let me tell you one more thing that the
cars that I am driving are
mine. But this is for sale. Ok?
I manage a little bit. 2000 km I will take it away.
Then it gets sold. This is
not my personal vehicle. Whether
I drive a Fortuner or whether I drive an LC.
This is not for my personal use. This is my
investment. This is my business.
Ok? Which is our car which I have to
keep for the next six months or years. Like the
Raptor that we had kept, Inshallah,
Inshallah, with in seven to eight days, it will be
installed at Karachi Port. Brother, ships come from Japan,
right? After that she will come to Lahore again in seven-eight days.
After that I am
also looking for a pair for another car.
Your brother has to keep a pair of the car. There will definitely be two for Amma. I want to
keep a pair of my own vehicles which I will drive the whole year. That second
car that I have paired up will be
fun. Let's end this vlog here. If
you guys can guess then guess
which one is being installed at Karachi Port
and which could be the second vehicle which we have to pair with.
See you guys
tomorrow. Take great care of yourself. If you
like the vlog, please like it. Let
us know in the comments how you liked it and how you didn't like it. Bye-by
take care. Love you Pakistan. Hail.
What is the plan for 14th August?
