Welcome home ji welcome home Subhan Allah wow ji Subhan Allah wow ji Subhan Allah wow ji ji come come come salam walekum wala bulldozer [laughs] wala bulldozer [laughs] wala bulldozer [laughs] black black black friend now let me show you a surprise for which all the credit now let me show you a surprise for which all the credit now let me show you a surprise for which all the credit goes to Kashif Khan sit kite goes to Kashif Khan sit kite goes to Kashif Khan sit kite bag kite bag bag kite bag bag kite bag come from here come from here come from here this is a surprise for you you haven't gone anywhere yet this is a surprise for you you haven't gone anywhere yet what is it what is it what is it oh well oh well oh well assalaam walekum raja assalaam walekum raja assalaam walekum raja such a lovely surprise is this mine no no such a lovely surprise is this mine no no such a lovely surprise is this mine no no [laughs] this is not a surprise [laughs] this is not a surprise [laughs] this is not a surprise he has brought a surprise for you he has brought a surprise for you he has brought a surprise for you ok tell me something ok tell me something ok tell me something this is your first surprise this is your first surprise this is your first surprise what is this oh what is this oh what is this oh well well well oh well ji assalaam walekum children.  Today we assalaam walekum children.  Today we assalaam walekum children.  Today we started the vlog because we had returned after visiting the pilgrimage. started the vlog because we had returned after visiting the pilgrimage. started the vlog because we had returned after visiting the pilgrimage. So I told my So I told my So I told my children that I went there and prayed for everyone.  I children that I went there and prayed for everyone.  I children that I went there and prayed for everyone.  I swear I don't know how to swear I don't know how to swear I don't know how to come up with names for each child.  But I come up with names for each child.  But I come up with names for each child.  But I filled my bags in such a way and placed them in the court of Maula that filled my bags in such a way and placed them in the court of Maula that filled my bags in such a way and placed them in the court of Maula that Maula Allah Pak may fulfill everyone's wishes in your name. Maula Allah Pak may fulfill everyone's wishes in your name. Maula Allah Pak may fulfill everyone's wishes in your name. Baba and I should Baba and I should Baba and I should come together because we are your parents.  We come together because we are your parents.  We come together because we are your parents.  We handed over everyone's prayers to Maula.  May Allah handed over everyone's prayers to Maula.  May Allah handed over everyone's prayers to Maula.  May Allah Pak Maula give you all the best in his holy name Pak Maula give you all the best in his holy name Pak Maula give you all the best in his holy name and may and may and may Maula call you people again and again to his door. Maula call you people again and again to his door. Maula call you people again and again to his door. Everyone feels like having such a door. Allah Pak should Everyone feels like having such a door. Allah Pak should Everyone feels like having such a door. Allah Pak should give whatever is being asked for from his lordship. give whatever is being asked for from his lordship. give whatever is being asked for from his lordship. In his name, Baba and I are together. That's why we are together. Okay, In his name, Baba and I are together. That's why we are together. Okay, In his name, Baba and I are together. That's why we are together. Okay, now I went there last night. Obviously, I talked a now I went there last night. Obviously, I talked a now I went there last night. Obviously, I talked a lot with Miss and Rajbari. We do lot with Miss and Rajbari. We do lot with Miss and Rajbari. We do n't like to go out without them. This is the case with every n't like to go out without them. This is the case with every n't like to go out without them. This is the case with every parent. So, when we parent. So, when we parent. So, when we came at night, we got a little late. I came at night, we got a little late. I came at night, we got a little late. I found Rajbari. He was tired and slept. You found Rajbari. He was tired and slept. You found Rajbari. He was tired and slept. You go. I said, now I will go. I said, now I will go. I said, now I will start my vogue myself before he wakes up so that Baba can also wake up. Baba start my vogue myself before he wakes up so that Baba can also wake up. Baba start my vogue myself before he wakes up so that Baba can also wake up. Baba 's throat is sore. Baba ate curd there and 's throat is sore. Baba ate curd there and 's throat is sore. Baba ate curd there and ate cold curd with hot rice. ate cold curd with hot rice. ate cold curd with hot rice. Now he is unable to speak. He told me his Now he is unable to speak. He told me his Now he is unable to speak. He told me his throat is bad. Now I said, I will wake up Rajbali just like throat is bad. Now I said, I will wake up Rajbali just like throat is bad. Now I said, I will wake up Rajbali just like I do, so you also come with me. Let's wake I do, so you also come with me. Let's wake I do, so you also come with me. Let's wake him up and tell him, him up and tell him, him up and tell him, Bhaiya, we have started vogue, now you can Bhaiya, we have started vogue, now you can Bhaiya, we have started vogue, now you can start your vogue further. Okay, now we will go to the start your vogue further. Okay, now we will go to the start your vogue further. Okay, now we will go to the lighting room. Let's go there for the sake of it. lighting room. Let's go there for the sake of it. lighting room. Let's go there for the sake of it. Oh mumma's love [sound of clearing throat] get up Oh mumma's love [sound of clearing throat] get up Oh mumma's love [sound of clearing throat] get up mumma, we are here to wake you up, still get up, yes get up, mumma, we are here to wake you up, still get up, yes get up, we have come, your life again [laughter] I gave we have come, your life again [laughter] I gave we have come, your life again [laughter] I gave you leave of slave, now we have woken up, you leave of slave, now we have woken up, you leave of slave, now we have woken up, come my sher, come my sher, come my sher, what did I say, should I give you praise, my what did I say, should I give you praise, my what did I say, should I give you praise, my child has cleaned the house very well, child has cleaned the house very well, child has cleaned the house very well, all the fans are clean, mother should go in charity, my son is all the fans are clean, mother should go in charity, my son is all the fans are clean, mother should go in charity, my son is not taking away the love, well, it's been not taking away the love, well, it's been not taking away the love, well, it's been 10 days since I have a son, I 10 days since I have a son, I 10 days since I have a son, I swear to God, all the children are praying, you swear to God, all the children are praying, you swear to God, all the children are praying, you also say Maula, without you, love me as much as you also say Maula, without you, love me as much as you also say Maula, without you, love me as much as you love me in the world, Rajab Rajab everywhere, Maula, love me in the world, Rajab Rajab everywhere, Maula, love me in the world, Rajab Rajab everywhere, Maula, my name has come everywhere, I swear, salam to all, my name has come everywhere, I swear, salam to all, my name has come everywhere, I swear, salam to all, I started this group, I started this group, I tell my children of India too, I tell my children of India too, I tell my children of India too, say thanks to everyone, girls, children, I swear, mothers and sisters say thanks to everyone, girls, children, I swear, mothers and sisters say thanks to everyone, girls, children, I swear, mothers and sisters love you very much, love you very much, love you very much, all the children of Kashmir, Maula, keep everyone safe, all the children of Kashmir, Maula, keep everyone safe, all the children of Kashmir, Maula, keep everyone safe, I am everyone's mother, everyone, it's been a long time, I am everyone's mother, everyone, it's been a long time, I am everyone's mother, everyone, it's been a long time, I said, you heard so much, got the house cleaned, I said, you heard so much, got the house cleaned, I said, you heard so much, got the house cleaned, mother should go in charity, mother should go in charity, mother should go in charity, believe me, for the last 12 days, 11 days  When believe me, for the last 12 days, 11 days  When believe me, for the last 12 days, 11 days  When sahab left, there is no routine, I am getting up at 4:00, I am getting up at sahab left, there is no routine, I am getting up at 4:00, I am getting up at sahab left, there is no routine, I am getting up at 4:00, I am getting up at 5:00, sometimes I am vlogging, 5:00, sometimes I am vlogging, 5:00, sometimes I am vlogging, sometimes I am not vlogging, there is no one to wake me up, sometimes I am not vlogging, there is no one to wake me up, sometimes I am not vlogging, there is no one to wake me up, okay, Doger, especially, he was thanking me that it's okay, Doger, especially, he was thanking me that it's okay, Doger, especially, he was thanking me that it's okay, I do okay, I do okay, I do n't have to come to the n't have to come to the n't have to come to the showroom, just do showroom, just do showroom, just do vlogs, vlogs, vlogs, okay, so vlogs, I got up, had breakfast, then I okay, so vlogs, I got up, had breakfast, then I okay, so vlogs, I got up, had breakfast, then I also showed you the dream house, I will also see how also showed you the dream house, I will also see how also showed you the dream house, I will also see how slow you are doing the work for two years, that's it, let's slow you are doing the work for two years, that's it, let's slow you are doing the work for two years, that's it, let's start, start, start, I am saying, have you seen this house, right, I am saying, have you seen this house, right, I am saying, have you seen this house, right, I will show you the dream house the day after tomorrow, relax, be easy, what is the I will show you the dream house the day after tomorrow, relax, be easy, what is the I will show you the dream house the day after tomorrow, relax, be easy, what is the need right now, need right now, need right now, no, be easy, you have delayed this much, no, be easy, you have delayed this much, no, be easy, you have delayed this much, that guy told you that that guy told you that that guy told you that you will not get the house ready in a year, it's been two years, son, you you will not get the house ready in a year, it's been two years, son, you you will not get the house ready in a year, it's been two years, son, you misunderstood it, get up, it's been 10 minutes, then we will go, get up, misunderstood it, get up, it's been 10 minutes, then we will go, get up, misunderstood it, get up, it's been 10 minutes, then we will go, get up, my child, lovingly saying, you are wasting my my child, lovingly saying, you are wasting my my child, lovingly saying, you are wasting my life, well, life, well, life, well, you don't you don't you don't want to go, you go, then come, I have to take off my shirt-suit, friend, get up, want to go, you go, then come, I have to take off my shirt-suit, friend, get up, lovingly saying, get up, take lovingly saying, get up, take lovingly saying, get up, take off that shirt-suit, let's go, off that shirt-suit, let's go, off that shirt-suit, let's go, yes, I am taking it out for five minutes  Come out yes, I am taking it out for five minutes  Come out yes, I am taking it out for five minutes  Come out Assalamu Alaikum Rahmatullah Wa Barakatu, Assalamu Alaikum Rahmatullah Wa Barakatu, Assalamu Alaikum Rahmatullah Wa Barakatu, first I will call and find out because today first I will call and find out because today first I will call and find out because today Ali Asif told me that our Ali Asif told me that our Ali Asif told me that our garage is raw, garage is raw, garage is raw, consider that the plaster of the garage will be laid today, all the consider that the plaster of the garage will be laid today, all the consider that the plaster of the garage will be laid today, all the concrete sheets of the garage will be laid today, if concrete sheets of the garage will be laid today, if concrete sheets of the garage will be laid today, if it is laid and my ceiling of the first floor is it is laid and my ceiling of the first floor is it is laid and my ceiling of the first floor is complete then I will take it, otherwise I will complete then I will take it, otherwise I will complete then I will take it, otherwise I will not take it, not take it, not take it, otherwise she will make a spectacle of me in front of the labourers there, she will beat me to death, otherwise she will make a spectacle of me in front of the labourers there, she will beat me to death, otherwise she will make a spectacle of me in front of the labourers there, she will beat me to death, let me wear my shirt, let me wear my shirt, let me wear my shirt, brush my teeth and wear a cap, let me brush my teeth and wear a cap, let me brush my teeth and wear a cap, let me call Ali Yasir, if I sit in the car, it call Ali Yasir, if I sit in the car, it call Ali Yasir, if I sit in the car, it means I should go and if I do not sit then I will have to means I should go and if I do not sit then I will have to means I should go and if I do not sit then I will have to take that film.  I cannot afford to live in the mines of labour. take that film.  I cannot afford to live in the mines of labour. Come brother, come brother Come brother, come brother Come brother, come brother Bismillahma Rahim.  Thank you Mashallah. Bismillahma Rahim.  Thank you Mashallah. Bismillahma Rahim.  Thank you Mashallah. Assalamu Alaikum Rahmatullah Wa Barakatahu. Assalamu Alaikum Rahmatullah Wa Barakatahu. Assalamu Alaikum Rahmatullah Wa Barakatahu. Bismillah Rahman Rahim.  Allah Sallallaa Bismillah Rahman Rahim.  Allah Sallallaa Bismillah Rahman Rahim.  Allah Sallallaa Muhammad Wale Muhammad Wajil Famain. Muhammad Wale Muhammad Wajil Famain. Muhammad Wale Muhammad Wajil Famain. His Rajab is once again present in the service of his Rajab family. His Rajab is once again present in the service of his Rajab family. His Rajab is once again present in the service of his Rajab family. I have spoken to Ali. I have spoken to Ali. I have spoken to Ali. Ali is saying that Gaj Vaj or Rajab But is Ali is saying that Gaj Vaj or Rajab But is Ali is saying that Gaj Vaj or Rajab But is not an issue at all.  Bring mother. not an issue at all.  Bring mother. not an issue at all.  Bring mother. Bring Baba.  When he sees the house today, he will be Bring Baba.  When he sees the house today, he will be Bring Baba.  When he sees the house today, he will be happy.  Meaning, I have done my best work. happy.  Meaning, I have done my best work. happy.  Meaning, I have done my best work. So I hope that when you people So I hope that when you people So I hope that when you people watch it today, you will appreciate our speed. watch it today, you will appreciate our speed. watch it today, you will appreciate our speed. Friend, believe me the labour troubles me.  We Friend, believe me the labour troubles me.  We Friend, believe me the labour troubles me.  We never troubled him from the financial side. never troubled him from the financial side. never troubled him from the financial side. But the labour troubles me.  If they go on Eid then But the labour troubles me.  If they go on Eid then But the labour troubles me.  If they go on Eid then they come back late.  I should go on some other leave they come back late.  I should go on some other leave they come back late.  I should go on some other leave , go home or the Vadis come , go home or the Vadis come , go home or the Vadis come , or the harvesting of the fields comes, they trouble me, that is why I am getting , or the harvesting of the fields comes, they trouble me, that is why I am getting , or the harvesting of the fields comes, they trouble me, that is why I am getting late.  Otherwise I am late.  Otherwise I am late.  Otherwise I am standing there licking my own lips.  Just let it end as soon as standing there licking my own lips.  Just let it end as soon as standing there licking my own lips.  Just let it end as soon as possible.  Anyways possible.  Anyways possible.  Anyways mom is coming.  Let's go and introduce Vogue. mom is coming.  Let's go and introduce Vogue. mom is coming.  Let's go and introduce Vogue. After that we will take you straight to the After that we will take you straight to the After that we will take you straight to the dream house and see dream house and see dream house and see what mom's reaction is.  She is happy what mom's reaction is.  She is happy what mom's reaction is.  She is happy or angry, she gets abused or she or angry, she gets abused or she or angry, she gets abused or she gets praised.  And after that or gets praised.  And after that or gets praised.  And after that or before that I will send you all the information about last night's before that I will send you all the information about last night's before that I will send you all the information about last night's events that you guys are thinking about which events that you guys are thinking about which events that you guys are thinking about which I told you in yesterday's vlog.  If I told you in yesterday's vlog.  If I told you in yesterday's vlog.  If you saw yesterday's vlog, you'll have an idea.  While you saw yesterday's vlog, you'll have an idea.  While you saw yesterday's vlog, you'll have an idea.  While ending the vlog, I had told ending the vlog, I had told ending the vlog, I had told that a surprise and feast is pending from my side for all the that a surprise and feast is pending from my side for all the that a surprise and feast is pending from my side for all the Jairs and their families. Jairs and their families. Jairs and their families. I have shot it and kept it.  And another I have shot it and kept it.  And another I have shot it and kept it.  And another guy who has come to Pakistan is the guy who has come to Pakistan is the guy who has come to Pakistan is the second highest authority.  Ok? second highest authority.  Ok? second highest authority.  Ok? Due to which there was no vlog the day before yesterday.  She started running from Islamabad Due to which there was no vlog the day before yesterday.  She started running from Islamabad Due to which there was no vlog the day before yesterday.  She started running from Islamabad straight to Lahore.  I shot that too straight to Lahore.  I shot that too straight to Lahore.  I shot that too for you guys.  That's much I love you guys. for you guys.  That's much I love you guys. for you guys.  That's much I love you guys. Can you guys imagine?  I could still Can you guys imagine?  I could still Can you guys imagine?  I could still shoot vlogs today.  If he had come, he could have met him.  I would have hosted the shoot vlogs today.  If he had come, he could have met him.  I would have hosted the shoot vlogs today.  If he had come, he could have met him.  I would have hosted the feast today but I feast today but I feast today but I did everything the day before yesterday and kept the clips for you all. did everything the day before yesterday and kept the clips for you all. did everything the day before yesterday and kept the clips for you all. Ok.  Let Amma come.   See you later.   Come on. Ok.  Let Amma come.   See you later.   Come on. Come, come, come. Come, come, come. Come, come, come. My friend, how are you?   I'm My friend, how are you?   I'm My friend, how are you?   I'm fine.  Thank you friend. fine.  Thank you friend. fine.  Thank you friend. You UK girl?   How are You UK girl?   How are You UK girl?   How are you girl. you girl. you girl. Come, come, come, come, sit down, sit down Come, come, come, come, sit down, sit down Come, come, come, come, sit down, sit down , sit down.  Where's my dad?  Where's , sit down.  Where's my dad?  Where's , sit down.  Where's my dad?  Where's my dad?   I am coming.   Are you my dad?   I am coming.   Are you coming?   Come coming?   Come coming?   Come , come. , come. , come. But pwan ji, but pwan, but pon sher lolar. But pwan ji, but pwan, but pon sher lolar. But pwan ji, but pwan, but pon sher lolar. Allah is good. Allah is good. Allah is good. You are not well.  I am telling you to You are not well.  I am telling you to You are not well.  I am telling you to rest.  I will come.   No, it's okay.   That's for sure.   I have a rest.  I will come.   No, it's okay.   That's for sure.   I have a sore throat, darling. sore throat, darling. sore throat, darling. Look, I go there with great interest.  I don't know when it will be Look, I go there with great interest.  I don't know when it will be Look, I go there with great interest.  I don't know when it will be completed.  I will be fine soon, completed.  I will be fine soon, completed.  I will be fine soon, Inshallah.  Bismillah Rahma Rahim Allah Inshallah.  Bismillah Rahma Rahim Allah Inshallah.  Bismillah Rahma Rahim Allah Sala Mohammad Mohammad Wajil Raza Azmai, the Sala Mohammad Mohammad Wajil Raza Azmai, the Sala Mohammad Mohammad Wajil Raza Azmai, the glow on my face is telling you people that glow on my face is telling you people that glow on my face is telling you people that I am feeling blessed because the master is I am feeling blessed because the master is I am feeling blessed because the master is sitting with me, the master, the sitting with me, the master, the sitting with me, the master, the master, is undoubtedly the being of Allah, but I am master, is undoubtedly the being of Allah, but I am master, is undoubtedly the being of Allah, but I am talking about things, the masters of things are talking about things, the masters of things are talking about things, the masters of things are sitting with me, so at this time I am feeling secure and Alhamdulillah Alhamdulillah completely complete, may Allah give sitting with me, so at this time I am feeling secure and Alhamdulillah Alhamdulillah completely complete, may Allah give you you you health and life, I have realised health and life, I have realised health and life, I have realised in 10-12 days that there is no in 10-12 days that there is no in 10-12 days that there is no life without parents and especially a life without parents and especially a life without parents and especially a child like me who is completely dependent on his child like me who is completely dependent on his child like me who is completely dependent on his parents, well in every respect, if he is parents, well in every respect, if he is parents, well in every respect, if he is dependent on his parents in every respect, then there is no dependent on his parents in every respect, then there is no dependent on his parents in every respect, then there is no life for him. life for him. What will a person who doesn't get a drain or a belt do?  Do you understand?  No matter how many What will a person who doesn't get a drain or a belt do?  Do you understand?  No matter how many What will a person who doesn't get a drain or a belt do?  Do you understand?  No matter how many workers or brothers you have at home, the workers or brothers you have at home, the workers or brothers you have at home, the name of your parents has not changed.  Anyway, G introduces name of your parents has not changed.  Anyway, G introduces name of your parents has not changed.  Anyway, G introduces Vogue and Vogue and Vogue and takes the owners to their properties.  We show them the takes the owners to their properties.  We show them the takes the owners to their properties.  We show them the project of their property which we are making project of their property which we are making project of their property which we are making as a contractor.  I hope as a contractor.  I hope as a contractor.  I hope he likes it.  We should he likes it.  We should he likes it.  We should not have committed any mistake or negligence.  There should not have committed any mistake or negligence.  There should not have committed any mistake or negligence.  There should not be any slowness in our speed.  I wish it were so. not be any slowness in our speed.  I wish it were so. not be any slowness in our speed.  I wish it were so. Otherwise, the abuses will have to be Otherwise, the abuses will have to be Otherwise, the abuses will have to be hurled in front of the labourers.  Let's do the introduction hurled in front of the labourers.  Let's do the introduction hurled in front of the labourers.  Let's do the introduction and arrive.  Let me show you also. and arrive.  Let me show you also. and arrive.  Let me show you also. Yes, Assalamu Alaikum.   Do Yes, Assalamu Alaikum.   Do Yes, Assalamu Alaikum.   Do n't spoil your throat.  You only Assalamu n't spoil your throat.  You only Assalamu n't spoil your throat.  You only Assalamu Alaikum. Welcome back to a brand new one. Okay son, now you don't pray that the Okay son, now you don't pray that the Okay son, now you don't pray that the work doesn't end up where I left it. Whether the work doesn't end up where I left it. Whether the work doesn't end up where I left it. Whether the work is done or not, I swear you've work is done or not, I swear you've work is done or not, I swear you've shown a lot of laziness, you're going to get scolded in front of them. Let me shown a lot of laziness, you're going to get scolded in front of them. Let me shown a lot of laziness, you're going to get scolded in front of them. Let me tell you this. And tell you this. And tell you this. And I'm not going to leave the laborer [sound of clearing throat] as well. I'm not going to leave the laborer [sound of clearing throat] as well. Listen to me. I have some respect there. You have some sense there, right? Listen to me. I have some respect there. You have some sense there, right? Listen to me. I have some respect there. You have some sense there, right? You won't make any excuses there. You won't make any excuses there. You won't make any excuses there. And I haven't allowed a single day off. There hasn't been a single And I haven't allowed a single day off. There hasn't been a single And I haven't allowed a single day off. There hasn't been a single negligence on anything, no negligence on anything, no negligence on anything, no money withheld, nothing. Work is getting done for even a single day. money withheld, nothing. Work is getting done for even a single day. money withheld, nothing. Work is getting done for even a single day. Okay, this is a canal house, it's not a five-person Okay, this is a canal house, it's not a five-person Okay, this is a canal house, it's not a five-person house. It takes time, house. It takes time, house. It takes time, I'll see it, I'll see it, I'll see it, friend. Just take a look first. friend. Just take a look first. friend. Just take a look first. Yes, let me take a look. The laborer is also in trouble today. Yes, let me take a look. The laborer is also in trouble today. Yes, let me take a look. The laborer is also in trouble today. Then, Then, Then, okay, please take a look once. Okay, I okay, please take a look once. Okay, I okay, please take a look once. Okay, I hope you're all well, dear. How are you? Shut up, hope you're all well, dear. How are you? Shut up, Rustom. You're good, Rustom. You're good, Rustom. You're good, my beautiful child. Okay, I my beautiful child. Okay, I my beautiful child. Okay, I hope you're all well from the office. You're in hope you're all well from the office. You're in hope you're all well from the office. You're in good health. My brothers, my good health. My brothers, my good health. My brothers, my sisters, my uncles, my aunts, my sisters, my uncles, my aunts, my sisters, my uncles, my aunts, my My nephews, everyone will be fine, take good My nephews, everyone will be fine, take good My nephews, everyone will be fine, take good care of yourself, your Deja care of yourself, your Deja care of yourself, your Deja family is very dear to you.  Be happy, be prosperous. family is very dear to you.  Be happy, be prosperous. family is very dear to you.  Be happy, be prosperous. Wherever you live, with your parents, Wherever you live, with your parents, Wherever you live, with your parents, with your brothers and sisters, with your wife and children, with your with your brothers and sisters, with your wife and children, with your with your brothers and sisters, with your wife and children, with your friends, may my Lord grant you friends, may my Lord grant you friends, may my Lord grant you double the day and night, prosperity and double the day and night, prosperity and double the day and night, prosperity and also the good fortune of settling down.  I reach my also the good fortune of settling down.  I reach my also the good fortune of settling down.  I reach my dream house.  You guys arrived last night.  Go dream house.  You guys arrived last night.  Go dream house.  You guys arrived last night.  Go and see what surprise your brother had arranged for the young ones.   Did you and see what surprise your brother had arranged for the young ones.   Did you like it?  Right right.  Tell me the truth. like it?  Right right.  Tell me the truth. like it?  Right right.  Tell me the truth. Yes, it felt so good.   That's for sure. Yes, it felt so good.   That's for sure. Yes, it felt so good.   That's for sure. One thing wasn't out of place. One thing wasn't out of place. One thing wasn't out of place. Ok? Ok? Ok? everything good. everything good. everything good. You should go and see You should go and see You should go and see what surprise was arranged for the children. what surprise was arranged for the children. what surprise was arranged for the children. After that I will meet you at Dream House.  Yes yes, don't worry, don't worry. After that I will meet you at Dream House.  Yes yes, don't worry, don't worry. After that I will meet you at Dream House.  Yes yes, don't worry, don't worry. The second entry The second entry The second entry is Moto Entry, you will also get to see it in this vlog today. is Moto Entry, you will also get to see it in this vlog today. is Moto Entry, you will also get to see it in this vlog today. Yesterday, for the first time in my life, Yesterday, for the first time in my life, Yesterday, for the first time in my life, I stayed at the airport for so long, I stayed at the airport for so long, I stayed at the airport for so long, brother.  Yes sir.  Yes sir.  Yes sir.  This brother.  Yes sir.  Yes sir.  Yes sir.  This brother.  Yes sir.  Yes sir.  Yes sir.  This is the same vlog from yesterday and the same clip is playing. is the same vlog from yesterday and the same clip is playing. is the same vlog from yesterday and the same clip is playing. All the family members are waiting. All the family members are waiting. All the family members are waiting. Look at the time, what has happened?   The Look at the time, what has happened?   The Look at the time, what has happened?   The time is 2:10.  And what am I waiting for time is 2:10.  And what am I waiting for time is 2:10.  And what am I waiting for ?  think for yourself.  I have ?  think for yourself.  I have ?  think for yourself.  I have stopped all the vehicles including four cruisers and two Fortuners. stopped all the vehicles including four cruisers and two Fortuners. stopped all the vehicles including four cruisers and two Fortuners. 15 people have been detained.  Who are you waiting for 15 people have been detained.  Who are you waiting for 15 people have been detained.  Who are you waiting for ? ? ? Shahbaz Bukhari.  Everyone is waiting for Syed Shahbaz Bukhari Shahbaz Bukhari.  Everyone is waiting for Syed Shahbaz Bukhari Shahbaz Bukhari.  Everyone is waiting for Syed Shahbaz Bukhari and as I and as I and as I told you, the second one we got a told you, the second one we got a told you, the second one we got a call from the higher authority was Shaadi Bhai.  Okay call from the higher authority was Shaadi Bhai.  Okay call from the higher authority was Shaadi Bhai.  Okay Shaji Bhai said that my no, I said Shaji Bhai said that my no, I said Shaji Bhai said that my no, I said friend, the time between us and you is friend, the time between us and you is friend, the time between us and you is collapsing.  Now I cannot make those 8, 10, 12, 15 collapsing.  Now I cannot make those 8, 10, 12, 15 collapsing.  Now I cannot make those 8, 10, 12, 15 guys who have come from above on such a long guys who have come from above on such a long guys who have come from above on such a long flight wait for you. flight wait for you. flight wait for you. Ok.  Although his flight took place Ok.  Although his flight took place Ok.  Although his flight took place earlier and Amma and her flight took place earlier and Amma and her flight took place earlier and Amma and her flight took place later.  Ok?  But now the later.  Ok?  But now the later.  Ok?  But now the collapse has happened.  Amma's flight collapse has happened.  Amma's flight collapse has happened.  Amma's flight landed at 12:30 and Shadi's flight is landing at landed at 12:30 and Shadi's flight is landing at landed at 12:30 and Shadi's flight is landing at 2:00.  By the time Amma's people 2:00.  By the time Amma's people 2:00.  By the time Amma's people came out, it was 1:30 and we were came out, it was 1:30 and we were came out, it was 1:30 and we were waiting for her for half an hour.  How are you now?   Are you waiting for her for half an hour.  How are you now?   Are you waiting for her for half an hour.  How are you now?   Are you okay?  I think your planning has gone wrong.  Isn't it okay?  I think your planning has gone wrong.  Isn't it okay?  I think your planning has gone wrong.  Isn't it ?  Which plans?   You have a ?  Which plans?   You have a ?  Which plans?   You have a plan, right?   There plan, right?   There plan, right?   There is a plan. is a plan. is a plan. Which plan? Which plan? Which plan? Those who are going to your house are going to Those who are going to your house are going to Those who are going to your house are going to your house.   Okay all right. your house.   Okay all right. your house.   Okay all right. Haider Bhai, whom are you waiting for, Haider Bhai, whom are you waiting for, Haider Bhai, whom are you waiting for, your friend? your friend? your friend? Yes, brother's marriage. Yes, brother's marriage. Yes, brother's marriage. Now in the morning you will get the benefit of saying good morning.   I will come. Now in the morning you will get the benefit of saying good morning.   I will come. What will you do by saying good morning? What will you do by saying good morning? What will you do by saying good morning? Baby good morning baby.  [laughter] Baby good morning baby.  [laughter] Baby good morning baby.  [laughter] Well, why are you waiting?  Because I Well, why are you waiting?  Because I Well, why are you waiting?  Because I found out that he was bringing gifts.  So I found out that he was found out that he was bringing gifts.  So I found out that he was found out that he was bringing gifts.  So I found out that he was bringing gifts.  I am waiting after doing this. bringing gifts.  I am waiting after doing this. bringing gifts.  I am waiting after doing this. Otherwise maybe I should call a driver, Otherwise maybe I should call a driver, Otherwise maybe I should call a driver, park the car, park the car, park the car, go away, that's it.  What are you saying now, did you go away, that's it.  What are you saying now, did you go away, that's it.  What are you saying now, did you not land there? not land there? not land there? I think the land is done. I think the land is done. I think the land is done. Took a lota of LV for this. Took a lota of LV for this. Took a lota of LV for this. LV's a lot. LV's a lot. LV's a lot. Give it to him. Give it to him. Give it to him. Well, it's 2:10.  We Well, it's 2:10.  We Well, it's 2:10.  We go to the front for 5 minutes.  We will give a warm welcome to Shahzad Bhai. go to the front for 5 minutes.  We will give a warm welcome to Shahzad Bhai. go to the front for 5 minutes.  We will give a warm welcome to Shahzad Bhai. Ok.  I am welcoming you. Ok.  I am welcoming you. Ok.  I am welcoming you. I am not going. I am not going. I am not going. Why?   It will definitely Why?   It will definitely Why?   It will definitely come.   He come.   He come.   He is your friend, friend.   He is a is your friend, friend.   He is a is your friend, friend.   He is a friend, it's okay, he didn't come today. friend, it's okay, he didn't come today. friend, it's okay, he didn't come today. He is bringing something for you, think about He is bringing something for you, think about He is bringing something for you, think about LV.  Whoever is bringing the menu is acceptable.   The LV.  Whoever is bringing the menu is acceptable.   The LV.  Whoever is bringing the menu is acceptable.   The Paratha seller Paratha seller Paratha seller says, the Paratha seller is bringing pigeons says, the Paratha seller is bringing pigeons says, the Paratha seller is bringing pigeons for you.  He says it is acceptable.  Well, they do for you.  He says it is acceptable.  Well, they do for you.  He says it is acceptable.  Well, they do n't know it's coming.  No, no, he will go, it is n't know it's coming.  No, no, he will go, it is n't know it's coming.  No, no, he will go, it is natural for him to go, his friend is coming.   I am bringing the rest. natural for him to go, his friend is coming.   I am bringing the rest. Yes, yes, will you bring it for everyone? Yes, yes, will you bring it for everyone? Yes, yes, will you bring it for everyone? For me. For me. For me. Brother, tell me what did he bring for you? Brother, tell me what did he bring for you? Brother, tell me what did he bring for you? Whatever you were for me, Whatever you were for me, Whatever you were for me, he is bringing the same for you.  [laughter] That's also he is bringing the same for you.  [laughter] That's also he is bringing the same for you.  [laughter] That's also his coming from America.  He also his coming from America.  He also his coming from America.  He also sent $12,000. Till then give 12500 anyway let's go Till then give 12500 anyway let's go Till then give 12500 anyway let's go ahead and tell Shadi ahead and tell Shadi ahead and tell Shadi that ten that ten that ten love and Aredi is mine and whatever love and Aredi is mine and whatever love and Aredi is mine and whatever you want, give these two, you want, give these two, you want, give these two, apart from this give whatever apart from this give whatever apart from this give whatever Chaudhary saheb asks for, I will give it to you. Chaudhary saheb asks for, I will give it to you. Chaudhary saheb asks for, I will give it to you. Oh well zindabad, let's go. We give a Oh well zindabad, let's go. We give a Oh well zindabad, let's go. We give a grand welcome to Shadi bhai, receive him, grand welcome to Shadi bhai, receive him, grand welcome to Shadi bhai, receive him, then throw Shadi bhai in this car, then throw Shadi bhai in this car, then throw Shadi bhai in this car, take all the gifts and reach take all the gifts and reach take all the gifts and reach home. I have made some arrangements at home as well. home. I have made some arrangements at home as well. Later, Later, Later, Bhai saheb has left, Bhai Shari saheb, so while coming out Bhai saheb has left, Bhai Shari saheb, so while coming out Bhai saheb has left, Bhai Shari saheb, so while coming out of the airport, I am of the airport, I am of the airport, I am saying airport, while coming out, it took time, it was supposed to take an saying airport, while coming out, it took time, it was supposed to take an hour, saheb said I don't have time to hour, saheb said I don't have time to hour, saheb said I don't have time to come, that's why come, that's why come, that's why my mother did my mother did my mother did not have time, we all were getting late, we were not have time, we all were getting late, we were not have time, we all were getting late, we were waiting, waiting, waiting, no, we were waiting, brother, it's a simple matter, no, we were waiting, brother, it's a simple matter, no, we were waiting, brother, it's a simple matter, that's why we have come. Now when Shadi that's why we have come. Now when Shadi that's why we have come. Now when Shadi leaves the airport, we will meet him, then we will show you. He has come, he has come, he will take it, leaves the airport, we will meet him, then we will show you. He has come, he has come, he will take it, how will he come from here, come, the prisoner has stopped him, he has brought it prisoner has stopped him, he has brought it prisoner has stopped him, he has brought it Shadi ji, Shadi ji, Shadi ji, come come come here, come here, come here  Come here, come here, come here, here, come here, come here  Come here, come here, come here, here, come here, come here  Come here, come here, come here, Shari Sahib, come, come, come, come, Shari Sahib, come, come, come, come, jump and come like this, you will come, you will come, it is jump and come like this, you will come, you will come, it is stuck, you have stuck, you have taken it, friend, come on, go back there and there and bring the thing, what are you doing with it back? Dude, where are you going brother?  Hello Dude, where are you going brother?  Hello Dude, where are you going brother?  Hello what? what? what? Where is Halo going? Where is Halo going? Where is Halo going? You know, son, he is looking at the stuff. You know, son, he is looking at the stuff. You know, son, he is looking at the stuff. What is it this time? What is it this time? What is it this time? Oh, this is not that, this is stuff. Oh, this is not that, this is stuff. Oh, this is not that, this is stuff. Oh, this is not that stuff. Oh, this is not that stuff. Oh, this is not that stuff. This is the same stuff. This is the same stuff. This is the same stuff. That is not there. That is not there. That is not there. This is the same one. This is the same one. This is the same one. He is not crazy.  It's in that bag.  This He is not crazy.  It's in that bag.  This He is not crazy.  It's in that bag.  This is true. is true. is true. Oh Oh Oh my god, I my god, I my god, I know know know you are my brother, now your work is complete, you are my brother, now your work is complete, you are my brother, now your work is complete, so this one is inside him too, it is happening to so this one is inside him too, it is happening to so this one is inside him too, it is happening to your children inside him, I know, your children inside him, I know, your children inside him, I know, I said, it is happening to your children, he must be I said, it is happening to your children, he must be I said, it is happening to your children, he must be saying something, what is he saying something, what is he saying something, what is he saying, wasn't he quiet like this, you came, you saying, wasn't he quiet like this, you came, you saw the train coming out, that's why he is with me, I saw the train coming out, that's why he is with me, I saw the train coming out, that's why he is with me, I heard, I have brought it for me, I have brought it, welcome home ji, welcome heard, I have brought it for me, I have brought it, welcome home ji, welcome heard, I have brought it for me, I have brought it, welcome home ji, welcome home home home Bismillah Rahman Rahim wow wow wow wow wow wow wow Bismillah Rahman Rahim wow wow wow wow wow wow wow Bismillah Rahman Rahim wow wow wow wow wow wow wow Subhan Allah wow ji wow what a Subhan Allah wow ji wow what a Subhan Allah wow ji wow what a thing, welcome home, welcome home thing, welcome home, welcome home thing, welcome home, welcome home brother, thank you very much, wow ji wow brother, thank you very much, wow ji wow brother, thank you very much, wow ji wow what are you, what are you, what are you, come, yes, that's it, oh yours, I have not come, they will come, yes, that's it, oh yours, I have not come, they will come, yes, that's it, oh yours, I have not come, they will come, leave it, leave it, all of them, come, leave it, leave it, all of them, come, leave it, leave it, all of them, leave it, leave it, leave it, welcome will directly hit you on the face, come, come, by saying directly hit you on the face, come, come, by saying directly hit you on the face, come, come, by saying Bismillah Bismillah, Bismillah Bismillah, okay, right now I welcome you properly okay, right now I welcome you properly okay, right now I welcome you properly everyone, Mama ji, Papa ji everyone, Mama ji, Papa ji everyone, Mama ji, Papa ji and Shali Bhai, Ali Bhatt Bhai, Nara, everything is fine, and Shali Bhai, Ali Bhatt Bhai, Nara, everything is fine, and Shali Bhai, Ali Bhatt Bhai, Nara, everything is fine, your your your brother, listen to me, hey, you have brother, listen to me, hey, you have brother, listen to me, hey, you have thrown flower petals, again you are talking nonsense, thrown flower petals, again you are talking nonsense, thrown flower petals, again you are talking nonsense, I ate the same thing  Why don't you give me the same thing, why did you make me eat it, I ate the same thing  Why don't you give me the same thing, why did you make me eat it, I ate the same thing  Why don't you give me the same thing, why did you make me eat it, listen to me, I know listen to me, I know listen to me, I know where you guys have come from, it's fine there, you can where you guys have come from, it's fine there, you can where you guys have come from, it's fine there, you can even save our lives, but the food is not tasty, the even save our lives, but the food is not tasty, the even save our lives, but the food is not tasty, the food is just tomatoes and brinjals, food is just tomatoes and brinjals, food is just tomatoes and brinjals, chopped tomatoes in the morning, boiled chopped tomatoes in the morning, boiled chopped tomatoes in the morning, boiled tomatoes in the afternoon, steamed tomatoes at night, tomatoes in the afternoon, steamed tomatoes at night, tomatoes in the afternoon, steamed tomatoes at night, keep one dish of boiled brinjals, keep keep one dish of boiled brinjals, keep keep one dish of boiled brinjals, keep one dish of boiled tomatoes and make fritters, what am I, oh oh oh one dish of boiled tomatoes and make fritters, what am I, oh oh oh one dish of boiled tomatoes and make fritters, what am I, oh oh oh Bismillah, Bismillah, Bismillah, Zahir sahib, you have come back from the road, you have come back from the Zahir sahib, you have come back from the road, you have come back from the Zahir sahib, you have come back from the road, you have come back from the road, listen to me, I have road, listen to me, I have road, listen to me, I have prepared a surprise for you, I prepared a surprise for you, I prepared a surprise for you, I swear by Allah, if you don't enjoy it, if you will enjoy it, you will appreciate it, if you don't enjoy it, you will say whatever you want, no, swear by Allah, if you don't enjoy it, if you will enjoy it, you will appreciate it, if you don't enjoy it, you will say whatever you want, no, then it will become an English atmosphere, it will be an then it will become an English atmosphere, it will be an then it will become an English atmosphere, it will be an English atmosphere, Gal sahib, I have English atmosphere, Gal sahib, I have English atmosphere, Gal sahib, I have seen such things, you must be seen such things, you must be seen such things, you must be allergic, allergic, allergic, listen to me, oh aunt Noshi is also awake, listen to me, oh aunt Noshi is also awake, listen to me, oh aunt Noshi is also awake, wow, wow, it will be content only [laughs] why don't you prepare it, what are you saying, why don't you prepare it, what are you saying, yes, this is obvious, isn't it, well, yes, this is obvious, isn't it, well, yes, this is obvious, isn't it, well, I have prepared a surprise, it's ready, you all are hungry, are you I have prepared a surprise, it's ready, you all are hungry, are you I have prepared a surprise, it's ready, you all are hungry, are you hungry right now, are you hungry or hungry right now, are you hungry or hungry right now, are you hungry or not right now not right now not right now Very much friend, it's only been Very much friend, it's only been Very much friend, it's only been 3 now, you are hungry, 3 now, you are hungry, 3 now, you are hungry, okay, come on brother, let me give you breakfast one more morning, no no okay, come on brother, let me give you breakfast one more morning, no no okay, come on brother, let me give you breakfast one more morning, no no dear, it is your surprise, dear, it is your surprise, dear, it is your surprise, yes it is yours, okay, it is yes it is yours, okay, it is yes it is yours, okay, it is not mine, I was scared, maybe it is mine, not mine, I was scared, maybe it is mine, not mine, I was scared, maybe it is mine, walk from the side, from the side, walk from the side, from the side, walk from the side, from the side, okay, I will now show you guys the okay, I will now show you guys the okay, I will now show you guys the surprise, the entire credit for which surprise, the entire credit for which surprise, the entire credit for which goes to Kashif Khan.  Don't go to Kashi, goes to Kashif Khan.  Don't go to Kashi, goes to Kashif Khan.  Don't go to Kashi, Lalla, Lalla, give it to me, friend, give it to me, give it to me, friend, give it to me, you take all my credit, okay okay done, you take all my credit, okay okay done, how do you want the credit, in the form of a cheque or in the how do you want the credit, in the form of a cheque or in the how do you want the credit, in the form of a cheque or in the form of cash, no no, form of cash, no no, form of cash, no no, just simple, okay, just simple, okay, just simple, okay, all the credit goes to all the credit goes to all the credit goes to my boys, friend, to all these boys, my boys, friend, to all these boys, my boys, friend, to all these boys, I just requested them, what are their names, I just requested them, what are their names, I just requested them, what are their names, friend, I need these things, friend, I need these things, friend, I need these things, they have fulfilled all that, they have fulfilled all that, they have fulfilled all that, food for 20-22 people, Bhaijaan, it is food for 20-22 people, Bhaijaan, it is food for 20-22 people, Bhaijaan, it is very important for Punjabis and Pakistanis, they are very important for Punjabis and Pakistanis, they are very important for Punjabis and Pakistanis, they are doing the pilgrimages, may Allah doing the pilgrimages, may Allah doing the pilgrimages, may Allah bless them, may their pilgrimages be accepted, bless them, may their pilgrimages be accepted, bless them, may their pilgrimages be accepted, but the thing is that roti, roti, is but the thing is that roti, roti, is but the thing is that roti, roti, is very important for Punjabis.  Ok? very important for Punjabis.  Ok? very important for Punjabis.  Ok? Come here Kashi.  Say Bismillah.  Aye hi hi hi hi hi hi hi Come here Kashi.  Say Bismillah.  Aye hi hi hi hi hi hi hi your brother got potato chicken soup made at home.  Long live the your brother got potato chicken soup made at home.  Long live the your brother got potato chicken soup made at home.  Long live the gravy man.  Turn on its stove slowly. gravy man.  Turn on its stove slowly. gravy man.  Turn on its stove slowly. Heat it.  The story does not end here.  Come here. Heat it.  The story does not end here.  Come here. Heat it.  The story does not end here.  Come here. Ye Baat Mutton Pulao.  Ok Ye Baat Mutton Pulao.  Ok Ye Baat Mutton Pulao.  Ok ?  Mutton pulao for everyone.  One minute.  Just pieces. ?  Mutton pulao for everyone.  One minute.  Just pieces. ?  Mutton pulao for everyone.  One minute.  Just pieces. Aye hi hi hi.  The things for which Aye hi hi hi.  The things for which Aye hi hi hi.  The things for which these people were craving there, come on stop it these people were craving there, come on stop it these people were craving there, come on stop it son.  Stop it, the things son.  Stop it, the things son.  Stop it, the things these people were craving for there have come, they have come, they have come, these people were craving for there have come, they have come, they have come, these people were craving for there have come, they have come, they have come, they have also come, the thick ones have come, they have gone behind, behind, behind, behind, the bags, the they have also come, the thick ones have come, they have gone behind, behind, behind, behind, the bags, the they have also come, the thick ones have come, they have gone behind, behind, behind, behind, the bags, the bags, come bags, come bags, come here, there is a lot of movement, how are you still, the movement, how are you still, the song has come on the front, well friend, where is that song has come on the front, well friend, where is that song has come on the front, well friend, where is that water, water, water, which water, which water, which water, all the water, all the water, all the water, okay, listen to me, I have taken up the bag, okay, listen to me, I have taken up the bag, okay, listen to me, I have taken up the bag, yes, yes, we have it, we have yes, yes, we have it, we have yes, yes, we have it, we have packed everything, that's fine, the rotis and the packed everything, that's fine, the rotis and the packed everything, that's fine, the rotis and the chapatis have come, the signature is on, let's chapatis have come, the signature is on, let's chapatis have come, the signature is on, let's start eating and then you, start eating and then you, start eating and then you, oh brother, oh brother, oh brother, Assalam Walekum, Anti-Noshi [laughter], Assalam Walekum, Assalam Walekum, Anti-Noshi [laughter], Assalam Walekum, friend, you don't see anyone else, only Anti- friend, you don't see anyone else, only Anti- friend, you don't see anyone else, only Anti- Noshi is visible, the Noshi is visible, the Noshi is visible, the cell bulldozer [laughter], there is the cell bulldozer [laughter], there is the cell bulldozer [laughter], there is the lock, friend, the lock, friend, the lock, friend, the key, the mouse, oh key, the mouse, oh key, the mouse, oh I am, no, Dada, I will open it [laughter], I am, no, Dada, I will open it [laughter], I am, no, Dada, I will open it [laughter], friend, I have come, I have taken your friend, I have come, I have taken your friend, I have come, I have taken your bag, I have taken his bag, I have to bag, I have taken his bag, I have to bag, I have taken his bag, I have to open the bag, I will open the bag, I will open the bag, I will open it right now, don't worry, hey, hey, quickly, quickly, don't wait, open it right now, don't worry, hey, hey, quickly, quickly, don't wait, open it right now, don't worry, hey, hey, quickly, quickly, don't wait, you have come to you have come to you have come to pick us up, Ali Asif has not come, pick us up, Ali Asif has not come, pick us up, Ali Asif has not come, Ali  Asif, just look, look, I had Ali  Asif, just look, look, I had Ali  Asif, just look, look, I had told my brother, I said this is going on, he should told my brother, I said this is going on, he should die in Iraq.   They die in Iraq.   They die in Iraq.   They said loudly that he should said loudly that he should said loudly that he should die in Iraq itself. die in Iraq itself. die in Iraq itself. Why? Why? Why? He should be buried there in Jannat Baqi He should be buried there in Jannat Baqi He should be buried there in Jannat Baqi and I will put everything inside.   The and I will put everything inside.   The and I will put everything inside.   The food has arrived, sit down.  It's done, it's started.   Got food has arrived, sit down.  It's done, it's started.   Got food has arrived, sit down.  It's done, it's started.   Got connected.  The food has arrived.  Sit down, I know connected.  The food has arrived.  Sit down, I know connected.  The food has arrived.  Sit down, I know he's hungry.  Come on friend, serve the food brother. Bhai Wale I said ok jaan bye bye good night good night night good night night good night hey Gaza has come hey Gaza has come say goodbye to Maula say bye bye to Maula say bye bye bye bye oe say it with your hand hey Gaza has come hey Gaza has come say goodbye to Maula say bye bye to Maula say bye bye bye bye oe say it with your hand salam Walekum Abdullah Allah Hafiz say bye bye salam Walekum Abdullah Allah Hafiz say bye bye oe Maula ji oe oe come on oe Maula ji oe oe come on my son is going to his home did you my son is going to his home did you my son is going to his home did you eat properly eat properly eat properly brother nor my beloved has not come brother nor my beloved has not come brother nor my beloved has not come thank you baba thank you mother you did thank you baba thank you mother you did thank you baba thank you mother you did not eat food please remember not eat food please remember not eat food please remember oh friend I am unwell si oh friend I am unwell si oh friend I am unwell si ok dieting dieting girl dieting dieting I have to do dieting ok dieting dieting girl dieting dieting I have to do dieting good girl good girl where did Jawad Jawad brother ok yes we will ok yes we will meet tomorrow inshallah bye bye go well meet tomorrow inshallah bye bye go well meet tomorrow inshallah bye bye go well Allah Hafiz brother thank you so much once again Allah Hafiz brother thank you so much once again Allah Hafiz brother thank you so much once again friend you have fulfilled a big duty thank friend you have fulfilled a big duty thank friend you have fulfilled a big duty thank you you you yes Alhamdulillah you have come your yes Alhamdulillah you have come your kindness thank you thank you ok bhabhi kindness thank you thank you ok bhabhi kindness thank you thank you ok bhabhi Allah Hafiz Allah Hafiz bye bye bye Allah Hafiz Allah Hafiz bye bye bye take care take care take care mamma ji the food was right  It was prepared, mamma ji the food was right  It was prepared, mamma ji the food was right  It was prepared, Alhamdulillah, thank Allah Pak, it is a Alhamdulillah, thank Allah Pak, it is a Alhamdulillah, thank Allah Pak, it is a sure thing, Bhat Sahib, where did it go, brother Sahib, the sure thing, Bhat Sahib, where did it go, brother Sahib, the sure thing, Bhat Sahib, where did it go, brother Sahib, the food was fine, it is a food was fine, it is a food was fine, it is a sure thing, go and take rest, you check the time, sure thing, go and take rest, you check the time, sure thing, go and take rest, you check the time, what happened, it is 4 o'clock, the food was fine, it was what happened, it is 4 o'clock, the food was fine, it was what happened, it is 4 o'clock, the food was fine, it was very very very big, you have come back after doing the pilgrimage, you have walked a lot, big, you have come back after doing the pilgrimage, you have walked a lot, big, you have come back after doing the pilgrimage, you have walked a lot, you are asking, Tanu is also fine, you are asking, Tanu is also fine, you are asking, Tanu is also fine, yes sir, it was right, come on, get up, get enough yes sir, it was right, come on, get up, get enough yes sir, it was right, come on, get up, get enough sleep, take a bath when you are fresh, meet sleep, take a bath when you are fresh, meet sleep, take a bath when you are fresh, meet Sharif Bhai and Sharif Bhai and Sharif Bhai and tell him, then International Podcaster, I swear to God, what should I tell him, then International Podcaster, I swear to God, what should I tell him, then International Podcaster, I swear to God, what should I say, there are a lot of problems. say, there are a lot of problems. say, there are a lot of problems. No, the issue also has to be addressed. No, the issue also has to be addressed. No, the issue also has to be addressed. Listen to me, whatever you were talking about this afternoon, he will repeat it for you. Listen to me, whatever you were talking about this afternoon, he will repeat it for you. Which one? Which one? Which one? Which has done a lot of work.   I Which has done a lot of work.   I Which has done a lot of work.   I swear to God, But Sir, I have swear to God, But Sir, I have swear to God, But Sir, I have not yet done any vlog about coming here from there. not yet done any vlog about coming here from there. not yet done any vlog about coming here from there. I have never worked so hard in my life.  I have done I have never worked so hard in my life.  I have done I have never worked so hard in my life.  I have done four podcasts in two days, morning and evening, four podcasts in two days, morning and evening, four podcasts in two days, morning and evening, morning and evening.  I'm done.  I have to take a morning and evening.  I'm done.  I have to take a morning and evening.  I'm done.  I have to take a full week off later. full week off later. full week off later. Well, I have to take a week off by doing four podcasts. Well, I have to take a week off by doing four podcasts. Well, I have to take a week off by doing four podcasts. Haider Sahib? Haider Sahib? Haider Sahib? Brother. Brother. Brother. Oh, I'm hungry again.   I did Oh, I'm hungry again.   I did Oh, I'm hungry again.   I did not eat it.  Okay, look here, after two months, not eat it.  Okay, look here, after two months, not eat it.  Okay, look here, after two months, I am going to I am going to I am going to see how I am living, roti, puri see how I am living, roti, puri see how I am living, roti, puri roti, roti, roti, you are thinking that your invitation will be made after two months, if it is made then you are thinking that your invitation will be made after two months, if it is made then more will be made, more will be made, more will be made, okay then listen to me, okay then listen to me, okay then listen to me, when am I doing the gift-opening thing right now, when am I doing the gift-opening thing right now, when am I doing the gift-opening thing right now, what about gifts, I want gifts, it will take what about gifts, I want gifts, it will take what about gifts, I want gifts, it will take a minute, one minute all the fakeness has come a minute, one minute all the fakeness has come a minute, one minute all the fakeness has come out, have you understood, don't you want to out, have you understood, don't you want to out, have you understood, don't you want to open the gifts, open the gifts, open the gifts, yes, no gifts, then in the morning, yes, no gifts, then in the morning, yes, no gifts, then in the morning, okay, right now, where do you want to go, okay, right now, where do you want to go, okay, right now, where do you want to go, home, and where do you want to go, don't you want to go, I don't have a home, and where do you want to go, don't you want to go, I don't have a home, and where do you want to go, don't you want to go, I don't have a wife, I don't have children, I want to wife, I don't have children, I want to wife, I don't have children, I want to meet you [laughs], you can't go, go, okay, bye, bye, in the meet you [laughs], you can't go, go, okay, bye, bye, in the meet you [laughs], you can't go, go, okay, bye, bye, in the morning, just come on, morning, just come on, morning, just come on, my vlog is at 8:00 am, okay, bye, bye, I will my vlog is at 8:00 am, okay, bye, bye, I will my vlog is at 8:00 am, okay, bye, bye, I will meet you, now in the morning, meet you, now in the morning, meet you, now in the morning, I have taken the clip, I will put it in tomorrow's blog, come on I have taken the clip, I will put it in tomorrow's blog, come on Bhatt sahab, Bhatt sahab, Bhatt sahab, Bismillah, sir, Bismillah, Bismillah, sir, Bismillah, Bismillah, sir, Bismillah, Assalam Walekum, welcome back to the Assalam Walekum, welcome back to the Assalam Walekum, welcome back to the current day and the current situation, I hope that current day and the current situation, I hope that current day and the current situation, I hope that you all are happy with the surprise that I had planned for the young ones, for you all are happy with the surprise that I had planned for the young ones, for you all are happy with the surprise that I had planned for the young ones, for their entry, then for their their entry, then for their their entry, then for their food and drinks.  Arrangements had been made.  You food and drinks.  Arrangements had been made.  You food and drinks.  Arrangements had been made.  You guys must have liked it.  Now we have reached the guys must have liked it.  Now we have reached the guys must have liked it.  Now we have reached the dream house.  Come on.  But sir, my dream house.  Come on.  But sir, my dream house.  Come on.  But sir, my love, please come.  My love my love.  Come on. love, please come.  My love my love.  Come on. love, please come.  My love my love.  Come on. Amma, look ahead, look ahead, look ahead.  Come here, give me your hand, Amma, look ahead, look ahead, look ahead.  Come here, give me your hand, Amma, look ahead, look ahead, look ahead.  Come here, give me your hand, give me your hand.  Good sir.  Now I will tell you give me your hand.  Good sir.  Now I will tell you give me your hand.  Good sir.  Now I will tell you one guy, please come forward first.  Move ahead.  Move ahead.  Let me introduce you to one guy, please come forward first.  Move ahead.  Move ahead.  Let me introduce you to one guy, please come forward first.  Move ahead.  Move ahead.  Let me introduce you to a guy.  Ok. a guy.  Ok. a guy.  Ok. After introducing me to a guy, I will After introducing me to a guy, I will After introducing me to a guy, I will show you that.  What major change has happened in our house now?  The show you that.  What major change has happened in our house now?  The show you that.  What major change has happened in our house now?  The next work that we next work that we next work that we started next.  I can see it. started next.  I can see it. started next.  I can see it. Come out.   Ok ok. Come out.   Ok ok. Come out.   Ok ok. Hi.  Assalam Walekumma ji. Hi.  Assalam Walekumma ji. Hi.  Assalam Walekumma ji. Ma ji he did not come to pick you up yesterday he did Ma ji he did not come to pick you up yesterday he did Ma ji he did not come to pick you up yesterday he did not come to pick you up remember you Chaudhary sahab not come to pick you up remember you Chaudhary sahab not come to pick you up remember you Chaudhary sahab came and even if he had not come it would have been fine came and even if he had not come it would have been fine uncle we had less cars I uncle we had less cars I uncle we had less cars I said I am completely said I am completely said I am completely ashamed friend we have ashamed friend we have ashamed friend we have one car and one car and one car and what do we have, what do we have, what do we have, thank God God has given us everything thank God God has given us everything thank God God has given us everything yes ji ok ji listen to me did you come inside did you not come here did you not yes ji ok ji listen to me did you come inside did you not come here did you not yes ji ok ji listen to me did you come inside did you not come here did you not come here did you not come here these two come here did you not come here these two come here did you not come here these two brothers came here came here look up look up brothers came here came here look up look up brothers came here came here look up look up Bismillah Bismillah Bismillah okay okay okay you have escaped from the cracks yes ji the you have escaped from the cracks yes ji the you have escaped from the cracks yes ji the first work is done the first work is done the first work is done the ceiling work away from the grey structure ceiling work away from the grey structure ceiling work away from the grey structure this is the only change this is the only change this is the only change no brother did you not come after seeing the bags that garage did no brother did you not come after seeing the bags that garage did no brother did you not come after seeing the bags that garage did not come after selling it yes not come after selling it yes not come after selling it yes today the entire garage is raw today my today the entire garage is raw today my today the entire garage is raw today my friend got the friend got the friend got the work done while standing ma ji oh work done while standing ma ji oh work done while standing ma ji oh you have just come you are joking shame you have just come you have just come you are joking shame you have just come you have just come you are joking shame you have just come brother brother brother I am saying I have come 10 times the I am saying I have come 10 times the I am saying I have come 10 times the house is at the same place where I used to leave it nothing house is at the same place where I used to leave it nothing house is at the same place where I used to leave it nothing changes changes changes uncle those technical work is being done uncle those technical work is being done uncle those technical work is being done in between you would have got the news of that now in between you would have got the news of that now you used to understand technical work today you are a great designer you used to understand technical work today you are a great designer you used to understand technical work today you are a great designer you have designed only one thing in your entire life  There you have designed only one thing in your entire life  There you have designed only one thing in your entire life  There is him and this cute little child of ours, come on move on, come on move on, is him and this cute little child of ours, come on move on, come on move on, is him and this cute little child of ours, come on move on, come on move on, how are you brother, are you how are you brother, are you how are you brother, are you fine now you have started watching TV. fine now you have started watching TV. fine now you have started watching TV. How much time will this take? How much time will this take? How much time will this take? Three. Three. Three. Three days, two days.  Ok.  Good sir. Three days, two days.  Ok.  Good sir. Three days, two days.  Ok.  Good sir. I left this ceiling of your player room. I left this ceiling of your player room. I left this ceiling of your player room. As you say, As you say, As you say, you have to install all the flags etc. here. you have to install all the flags etc. here. you have to install all the flags etc. here. She is lovely. She is lovely. She is lovely. Yes, whatever I tell you will happen.  Come here for a moment.   Let me Yes, whatever I tell you will happen.  Come here for a moment.   Let me Yes, whatever I tell you will happen.  Come here for a moment.   Let me show you my third bedroom.  That's why I did show you my third bedroom.  That's why I did show you my third bedroom.  That's why I did n't start from the bottom.  First let n't start from the bottom.  First let n't start from the bottom.  First let me show you the major work that we have got done. me show you the major work that we have got done. me show you the major work that we have got done. Look at this, sir. Look at this, sir. Look at this, sir. This is not a firing foiler yet.  Those who know, This is not a firing foiler yet.  Those who know, This is not a firing foiler yet.  Those who know, they know what is just below they know what is just below they know what is just below ?  There is wood.  What is this? ?  There is wood.  What is this? ?  There is wood.  What is this? These look like plates basically. These look like plates basically. These look like plates basically. Plates?  Yes, these plates are looking good. Plates?  Yes, these plates are looking good. Plates?  Yes, these plates are looking good. All the designing will be done on it and then All the designing will be done on it and then All the designing will be done on it and then this ceiling will be complete.  ok sir.  This this ceiling will be complete.  ok sir.  This this ceiling will be complete.  ok sir.  This room is also complete. room is also complete. room is also complete. But you know from my room that wherever your But you know from my room that wherever your But you know from my room that wherever your brother Rajab is, you will get views. brother Rajab is, you will get views. brother Rajab is, you will get views. Alhamdulillah, there are six rooms in this house, out of which Alhamdulillah, there are six rooms in this house, out of which Alhamdulillah, there are six rooms in this house, out of which five rooms are yours and five rooms are yours and five rooms are yours and this room is mine.  Get this designed for me too.  Get that this room is mine.  Get this designed for me too.  Get that this room is mine.  Get this designed for me too.  Get that designed for me too. designed for me too. designed for me too. Sir, this also has to be in one room and one player Sir, this also has to be in one room and one player Sir, this also has to be in one room and one player room and one room.   Listen to me. room and one room.   Listen to me. room and one room.   Listen to me. I can also live in five rooms. I can also live in five rooms. I can also live in five rooms. I have seen in one of the houses, sometimes I am I have seen in one of the houses, sometimes I am I have seen in one of the houses, sometimes I am like Shah, sometimes I am like Musa, sometimes I dream of the panels in my house, I am like Shah, sometimes I am like Musa, sometimes I dream of the panels in my house, I am tired of checking the panels, how are they? tired of checking the panels, how are they? tired of checking the panels, how are they? Yes, I see some changes, I will Yes, I see some changes, I will Yes, I see some changes, I will show you the change downstairs as well. show you the change downstairs as well. show you the change downstairs as well. Okay, our ceiling work is going on in full swing, Okay, our ceiling work is going on in full swing, Okay, our ceiling work is going on in full swing, all this ceiling material is all this ceiling material is all this ceiling material is lying there, two are ready and lying there, two are ready and lying there, two are ready and they have started from the first floor, they have started from the first floor, they have started from the first floor, after that the ground floor, then the basement, that means it will take at after that the ground floor, then the basement, that means it will take at after that the ground floor, then the basement, that means it will take at least 15 to 20 days for the ceiling people to complete the ceiling of least 15 to 20 days for the ceiling people to complete the ceiling of least 15 to 20 days for the ceiling people to complete the ceiling of our house. While doing the our house. While doing the our house. While doing the work, come down, let me work, come down, let me work, come down, let me show you the ground floor work. Here, show you the ground floor work. Here, show you the ground floor work. Here, your order has come, thank you, take it your order has come, thank you, take it your order has come, thank you, take it brother, brother, brother, you all have to eat, you all have to eat, you all have to eat, okay, may Allah keep you healthy, did you okay, may Allah keep you healthy, did you okay, may Allah keep you healthy, did you not eat yesterday, son? not eat yesterday, son? not eat yesterday, son? Yes, I will Yes, I will Yes, I will feed everyone. Yes, feed everyone. Yes, feed everyone. Yes, today it is four, yes, today it is, okay, today it is four, yes, today it is, okay, today it is four, yes, today it is, okay, come, here is our come, here is our come, here is our last work, okay, our garage, you know last work, okay, our garage, you know last work, okay, our garage, you know that when you last came here, it was getting that when you last came here, it was getting that when you last came here, it was getting raw, it was getting rusted, okay, oh, okay, raw, it was getting rusted, okay, oh, okay, raw, it was getting rusted, okay, oh, okay, look, our entire street is look, our entire street is look, our entire street is ready now, I  It is ready now, I  It is ready now, I  It is not going till the end there, it is ready till the end, meaning not going till the end there, it is ready till the end, meaning not going till the end there, it is ready till the end, meaning our stones all around have become raw our stones all around have become raw our stones all around have become raw and I am calling this a lintel, Ali and I am calling this a lintel, Ali and I am calling this a lintel, Ali says this is not called a lintel, meaning says this is not called a lintel, meaning says this is not called a lintel, meaning they have poured concrete.  Okay, they have poured concrete.  Okay, they have poured concrete.  Okay, Mama ji, just come from here, Mama ji, just come from here, Mama ji, just come from here, this is our sewerage tank, all the pipe-ship this is our sewerage tank, all the pipe-ship this is our sewerage tank, all the pipe-ship work by the plumber is done, come here, work by the plumber is done, come here, work by the plumber is done, come here, listen to me, I need a small listen to me, I need a small listen to me, I need a small permission from you, okay, our house right now is on the permission from you, okay, our house right now is on the permission from you, okay, our house right now is on the canal, Mashaallah, we have more than enough, canal, Mashaallah, we have more than enough, canal, Mashaallah, we have more than enough, okay, but space for two vehicles is being made here, one okay, but space for two vehicles is being made here, one okay, but space for two vehicles is being made here, one here, one here, here, one here, here, one here, all our automatic doors will come here, okay, all our automatic doors will come here, okay, all our automatic doors will come here, okay, space for two vehicles is being made, space for two vehicles is being made, space for two vehicles is being made, I want to make space for the third vehicle, move I want to make space for the third vehicle, move I want to make space for the third vehicle, move back, friends children, this place which back, friends children, this place which back, friends children, this place which you have occupied, where you have occupied, where you have occupied, where you must have thought of planting onions, ghoongu, bitter gourd, you must have thought of planting onions, ghoongu, bitter gourd, you must have thought of planting onions, ghoongu, bitter gourd, if you give me permission, I can get if you give me permission, I can get if you give me permission, I can get tiles installed here also, my third tiles installed here also, my third tiles installed here also, my third vehicle will be easily parked there and vehicle will be easily parked there and vehicle will be easily parked there and I have kept three vehicles at home.  One for you, I have kept three vehicles at home.  One for you, I have kept three vehicles at home.  One for you, two for me. two for me. two for me. If you give me more, I will get the mangoes prepared for you outside.   The If you give me more, I will get the mangoes prepared for you outside.   The mango will be ready outside. mango will be ready outside. mango will be ready outside. Yes, yes it will happen. Yes, yes it will happen. Yes yes yes yes, Yes yes yes yes, Yes yes yes yes, okay tell him, yes okay tell him, yes okay tell him, yes brother, the people in front have built it, you also see brother, the people in front have built it, you also see brother, the people in front have built it, you also see what has happened, if you give me permission and what has happened, if you give me permission and what has happened, if you give me permission and give me that place, then I can give me that place, then I can give me that place, then I can park another car there very nicely. park another car there very nicely. park another car there very nicely. Please I request.  Ok?  Okay brother, get that Please I request.  Ok?  Okay brother, get that Please I request.  Ok?  Okay brother, get that area also paved.  Get the raw material laid and area also paved.  Get the raw material laid and area also paved.  Get the raw material laid and concrete poured and tiles have to be installed there also. concrete poured and tiles have to be installed there also. concrete poured and tiles have to be installed there also. Now green grass is not growing there.  Did you Now green grass is not growing there.  Did you Now green grass is not growing there.  Did you understand?  Ok it's done. understand?  Ok it's done. understand?  Ok it's done. ok sir.  Ok.   Wo ok sir.  Ok.   Wo ok sir.  Ok.   Wo n't you scold me now?   No no, n't you scold me now?   No no, n't you scold me now?   No no, scold me, I will take it out. scold me, I will take it out. scold me, I will take it out. I have to plant trees. I have to plant trees. I have to plant trees. Sit in the car, I am coming.  Okay, yes brother, But Bahadur Malik did yes brother, But Bahadur Malik did yes brother, But Bahadur Malik did not tell anything to the owners.  Then there is not tell anything to the owners.  Then there is not tell anything to the owners.  Then there is no praise, no scolding, no rebuke. no praise, no scolding, no rebuke. no praise, no scolding, no rebuke. I am congratulating you brother.  You have I am congratulating you brother.  You have I am congratulating you brother.  You have n't given it yet, right? Well done, you have given a little well done. When you have to give well done, you should say it in a loud voice. Just n't given it yet, right? Well done, you have given a little well done. When you have to give well done, you should say it in a loud voice. Just n't given it yet, right? Well done, you have given a little well done. When you have to give well done, you should say it in a loud voice. Just like you abuse loudly, you should also say well done in a like you abuse loudly, you should also say well done in a loud voice. Well done, well done. I am loud voice. Well done, well done. I am very happy. Now, very happy. Now, very happy. Now, thank God. Now, you should see after 15 days. thank God. Now, you should see after 15 days. thank God. Now, you should see after 15 days. Your gate will also be installed. Okay, and Your gate will also be installed. Okay, and Your gate will also be installed. Okay, and after that, the ceiling of your entire house will be complete. after that, the ceiling of your entire house will be complete. after that, the ceiling of your entire house will be complete. Apart from that, your tiles will arrive at their place Apart from that, your tiles will arrive at their place Apart from that, your tiles will arrive at their place and the installation will start within these 10 and the installation will start within these 10 and the installation will start within these 10 days, Inshallah. Okay, the days, Inshallah. Okay, the days, Inshallah. Okay, the rest of the preparations are complete. Then rest of the preparations are complete. Then rest of the preparations are complete. Then what are you preparing for? what are you preparing for? what are you preparing for? My special dream, my life's special My special dream, my life's special My special dream, my life's special dream is for dream is for dream is for tomorrow. Okay, see, those works are such that they are for tomorrow. Okay, see, those works are such that they are for tomorrow. Okay, see, those works are such that they are for ladies. I know all those works. You were ladies. I know all those works. You were ladies. I know all those works. You were also out there. Ghazal was also outside. I have done as much as I also out there. Ghazal was also outside. I have done as much as I also out there. Ghazal was also outside. I have done as much as I can. I have done it as per my capacity. can. I have done it as per my capacity. can. I have done it as per my capacity. Inshallah, I will show it to you Inshallah, I will show it to you Inshallah, I will show it to you tomorrow. After it is complete, all those preparations will be ready. It has come, now what is left to do? Now what is left? The tomorrow. After it is complete, all those preparations will be ready. It has come, now what is left to do? Now what is left? The tomorrow. After it is complete, all those preparations will be ready. It has come, now what is left to do? Now what is left? The choice was mine, neither the choice was mine, neither the choice was mine, neither the choice was yours, but the idea was all mine choice was yours, but the idea was all mine choice was yours, but the idea was all mine and now nothing is left. Now the delivery will take place tomorrow. I will show it to and now nothing is left. Now the delivery will take place tomorrow. I will show it to and now nothing is left. Now the delivery will take place tomorrow. I will show it to you tomorrow you tomorrow you tomorrow and to mom also. and to mom also. and to mom also. Surprise Surprise Surprise surprise inshaAllah surprise inshaAllah surprise inshaAllah house mashallah house mashallah house mashallah good house you like the house good house you like the house good house you like the house yes beautiful yes beautiful yes beautiful and what about the basements and what about the basements and what about the basements everyone yes or yes is it everyone yes or yes is it everyone yes or yes is it good good good no Zainab will like it very much no Zainab will like it very much no Zainab will like it very much is it good is it good is it good yes yes yes like UK and not no it is like UK and not no it is like UK and not no it is okay [laughs] okay [laughs] okay [laughs] okay it is like you only liked the house okay it is like you only liked the house okay it is like you only liked the house thank you Alhamdulillah let's reach thank you Alhamdulillah let's reach thank you Alhamdulillah let's reach home let's see what is the next scene home let's see what is the next scene home let's see what is the next scene part now our next one yes I have to drop them part now our next one yes I have to drop them part now our next one yes I have to drop them I have to take a shower I have to take a shower I have to take a shower change my clothes I have just had coffee I have change my clothes I have just had coffee I have change my clothes I have just had coffee I have n't even had breakfast yet okay reach home n't even had breakfast yet okay reach home n't even had breakfast yet okay reach home drop them and then we will see the next scene by the time drop them and then we will see the next scene by the time drop them and then we will see the next scene by the time I reach home I reach home I reach home like the video leave a nice comment like the video leave a nice comment like the video leave a nice comment share it with your friends subscribe to the channel share it with your friends subscribe to the channel share it with your friends subscribe to the channel press the bell icon because 10 press the bell icon because 10 press the bell icon because 10 million is about to be ours and we have made million is about to be ours and we have made million is about to be ours and we have made a promise yesterday, till now Alhamdulillah Alhamdulillah we are moving a promise yesterday, till now Alhamdulillah Alhamdulillah we are moving well on that, we are moving with proven steps and well on that, we are moving with proven steps and well on that, we are moving with proven steps and hopefully in the future too we will move forward on that in the best way hopefully in the future too we will move forward on that in the best way hopefully in the future too we will move forward on that in the best way so that life can be easier but sir so that life can be easier but sir so that life can be easier but sir you have told something  No friend, you like the home you have told something  No friend, you like the home you have told something  No friend, you like the home and not, come on, first of all friend, and not, come on, first of all friend, and not, come on, first of all friend, I don't know why you were I don't know why you were I don't know why you were born in the house of Urdu people, born in the house of Urdu people, born in the house of Urdu people, I was quite an English child friend, I was quite an English child friend, I was quite an English child friend, listen to me, when we were sitting listen to me, when we were sitting listen to me, when we were sitting in the plane, it was business class, in the plane, it was business class, in the plane, it was business class, so the thing that was in his hand went to the long seat, the person to whom he was so the thing that was in his hand went to the long seat, the person to whom he was so the thing that was in his hand went to the long seat, the person to whom he was given it dropped it somewhere given it dropped it somewhere given it dropped it somewhere and that Arabic person was saying, I gave it to him. and that Arabic person was saying, I gave it to him. and that Arabic person was saying, I gave it to him. Well, he was explaining in Arabic.   He was Well, he was explaining in Arabic.   He was Well, he was explaining in Arabic.   He was explaining in Arabic.  I said, Papa will explaining in Arabic.  I said, Papa will explaining in Arabic.  I said, Papa will come after some time, then I gave it to him. come after some time, then I gave it to him. come after some time, then I gave it to him. Papa has lived in Kuwait.  Do you speak Arabic in Kuwait Papa has lived in Kuwait.  Do you speak Arabic in Kuwait Papa has lived in Kuwait.  Do you speak Arabic in Kuwait ? ? ? Friend, tell me Friend, tell me Friend, tell me what's the matter.  You can talk to me in English what's the matter.  You can talk to me in English what's the matter.  You can talk to me in English any time.  Whenever you want. any time.  Whenever you want. any time.  Whenever you want. You know, you know, I like to be a little crazy You know, you know, I like to be a little crazy You know, you know, I like to be a little crazy , a fool.  But I can , a fool.  But I can , a fool.  But I can speak? speak? speak? English very well you know very well.  You learn English very well you know very well.  You learn English very well you know very well.  You learn from the best.  Yeah, oh my God.  Not the from the best.  Yeah, oh my God.  Not the from the best.  Yeah, oh my God.  Not the best, but at least, I can speak. best, but at least, I can speak. best, but at least, I can speak. Buddy.  [laughter] Buddy.  [laughter] Buddy.  [laughter] Don't abuse. Don't abuse. Don't abuse. I am famous for the. I am famous for the. I am famous for the. You can't abuse in the vlogs. You can't abuse in the vlogs. You can't abuse in the vlogs. I am famous. I am famous. I am famous. Well, you like it better. Well, you like it better. Well, you like it better. Hey no brother, what happened? Hey no brother, what happened? Hey no brother, what happened? What are you doing?   I What are you doing?   I What are you doing?   I also get those people's hair.  What?   See you outside. also get those people's hair.  What?   See you outside. also get those people's hair.  What?   See you outside. Home.  You can't Home.  You can't Home.  You can't abuse me in my vlog. abuse me in my vlog. abuse me in my vlog. Well, it looks big on his face [laughs].   She abuses me, friend. Well, it looks big on his face [laughs].   She abuses me, friend. Well, it looks big on his face [laughs].   She abuses me, friend. You can't You can't You can't abuse me in my vlog.  Wear it.   Little abuse me in my vlog.  Wear it.   Little abuse me in my vlog.  Wear it.   Little kids watch my kids watch my kids watch my vlogs, man.  I am reaching home.  You get it after reaching home vlogs, man.  I am reaching home.  You get it after reaching home vlogs, man.  I am reaching home.  You get it after reaching home or Apology Accepted.   See you after or Apology Accepted.   See you after or Apology Accepted.   See you after reaching home. reaching home. reaching home. Come on, let's go.  Hello uncle.  How are you?  There go.  Hello uncle.  How are you?  There go.  Hello uncle.  How are you?  There is great speed today. is great speed today. is great speed today. One Hour Later. One Hour Later. One Hour Later. Hi. Hi. Hi. Ok sir.  Took a shower.  Changed my clothes.   It's Ok sir.  Took a shower.  Changed my clothes.   It's Ok sir.  Took a shower.  Changed my clothes.   It's time.  May Allah bless you. time.  May Allah bless you. time.  May Allah bless you. How much time has passed?  Yes.  It's 7:00.   Let's go out.  I have to How much time has passed?  Yes.  It's 7:00.   Let's go out.  I have to How much time has passed?  Yes.  It's 7:00.   Let's go out.  I have to pick up Shelly and pick up Shelly and pick up Shelly and then go straight to the gym.   Listen, listen to me.  I have then go straight to the gym.   Listen, listen to me.  I have then go straight to the gym.   Listen, listen to me.  I have a surprise for you. a surprise for you. a surprise for you. You don't have to go anywhere right now. You don't have to go anywhere right now. You don't have to go anywhere right now. What's the surprise? What's the surprise? What's the surprise? You also did not go anywhere.  It's 7:00 for you You also did not go anywhere.  It's 7:00 for you You also did not go anywhere.  It's 7:00 for you brother.  It's my gym time. brother.  It's my gym time. brother.  It's my gym time. I'm going to the gym.  Please do me I'm going to the gym.  Please do me I'm going to the gym.  Please do me your kindness by not bringing a hurdle in anything of mine. your kindness by not bringing a hurdle in anything of mine. your kindness by not bringing a hurdle in anything of mine. I don't want any surprises. I don't want any surprises. I don't want any surprises. Nor can you give me any surprise.  Let Nor can you give me any surprise.  Let Nor can you give me any surprise.  Let me go please.   Listen to me.  Don't me go please.   Listen to me.  Don't be so punctual and so decent that we can't digest it. be so punctual and so decent that we can't digest it. be so punctual and so decent that we can't digest it. You go upstairs now.  I have a very sweet surprise for you. You go upstairs now.  I have a very sweet surprise for you. You go upstairs now.  I have a very sweet surprise for you. God bless you God bless you God bless you Salman Bhai, you can say whatever you want. Salman Bhai, you can say whatever you want. Salman Bhai, you can say whatever you want. You people can say whatever you want about the path I have started on. You people can say whatever you want about the path I have started on. You people can say whatever you want about the path I have started on. I am the same now.  If you I am the same now.  If you I am the same now.  If you slap me here, I will slap you on the other cheek. slap me here, I will slap you on the other cheek. slap me here, I will slap you on the other cheek. Brother, I will kill you here also.  I sware. Brother, I will kill you here also.  I sware. Brother, I will kill you here also.  I sware. You will like the surprise, a guy is waiting for You will like the surprise, a guy is waiting for You will like the surprise, a guy is waiting for you, please go upstairs. you, please go upstairs. you, please go upstairs. Above? Above? Above? Yes, up.   Come on, let's see. Yes, up.   Come on, let's see. What surprise did Salman Bhai get after that?  We will go What surprise did Salman Bhai get after that?  We will go What surprise did Salman Bhai get after that?  We will go to the gym. to the gym. to the gym. What is?  What is? What is?  What is? What is?  What is? Oh well. Oh well. Oh well. Greetings. Greetings. Greetings. Such a lovely surprise.  [laughter] Is this Such a lovely surprise.  [laughter] Is this Such a lovely surprise.  [laughter] Is this mine?  No, no, this is not a surprise. mine?  No, no, this is not a surprise. mine?  No, no, this is not a surprise. He has brought a surprise for you. He has brought a surprise for you. He has brought a surprise for you. Well, it's not yours. Well, it's not yours. Well, it's not yours. I am wearing a pink shirt and you have come as my surprise. I am wearing a pink shirt and you have come as my surprise. I am wearing a pink shirt and you have come as my surprise. How are you dear?  Roman, how are you How are you dear?  Roman, how are you How are you dear?  Roman, how are you friend?  Be patient after so long.  Let's shake friend?  Be patient after so long.  Let's shake friend?  Be patient after so long.  Let's shake hands first.  Then Shafi is added.  Is hands first.  Then Shafi is added.  Is hands first.  Then Shafi is added.  Is he feeling well?  Ok. he feeling well?  Ok. he feeling well?  Ok. Why don't you get your hair cut?  There is no barber in your neighborhood.   Yes, Why don't you get your hair cut?  There is no barber in your neighborhood.   Yes, I will get it done now.  I will get it done as you wish.   Get it done.  It's a I will get it done now.  I will get it done as you wish.   Get it done.  It's a I will get it done now.  I will get it done as you wish.   Get it done.  It's a good thing. good thing. good thing. What surprise?  Where did it go? What surprise?  Where did it go? What surprise?  Where did it go? What's the surprise?  Say nothing. What's the surprise?  Say nothing. What's the surprise?  Say nothing. This is your first surprise. This is your first surprise. This is your first surprise. What is this? What is this? What is this? See how many followers you have on Instagram See how many followers you have on Instagram See how many followers you have on Instagram ?  3 million ?  3 million ?  3 million 3 million no 3 million no 3 million no one celebrated, one celebrated, one celebrated, even your friends and family did not celebrate, okay so that thing is becoming very okay so that thing is becoming very okay so that thing is becoming very personal to me, this is becoming personal, I am personal to me, this is becoming personal, I am personal to me, this is becoming personal, I am telling you my pain, he is teasing me, telling you my pain, he is teasing me, telling you my pain, he is teasing me, see, I will say one thing, he is see, I will say one thing, he is see, I will say one thing, he is reminding me again, how do you know that no reminding me again, how do you know that no reminding me again, how do you know that no one celebrated, I watch one celebrated, I watch one celebrated, I watch your vlogs, I watch your videos, I did not your vlogs, I watch your videos, I did not your vlogs, I watch your videos, I did not celebrate, that is why celebrate, that is why celebrate, that is why I felt bad, friend, I felt bad, friend, I felt bad, friend, those people are not there, it is not something to feel bad about, those people are not there, it is not something to feel bad about, those people are not there, it is not something to feel bad about, they are busy people, okay, I they are busy people, okay, I they are busy people, okay, I am a well man, friend, all my friends am a well man, friend, all my friends am a well man, friend, all my friends are celebrities, you know, okay and Shaiz has now become an are celebrities, you know, okay and Shaiz has now become an are celebrities, you know, okay and Shaiz has now become an international podcaster.  Haider also did international podcaster.  Haider also did international podcaster.  Haider also did not remember, Doger also did not remember. not remember, Doger also did not remember. not remember, Doger also did not remember. And now look what we have brother, today it is 3 And now look what we have brother, today it is 3 And now look what we have brother, today it is 3 million.  After 15 days, after a month it will become million.  After 15 days, after a month it will become million.  After 15 days, after a month it will become 4 million and on YouTube it will become 10 4 million and on YouTube it will become 10 4 million and on YouTube it will become 10 million.  He says, friend, this happens to you every million.  He says, friend, this happens to you every million.  He says, friend, this happens to you every day.  Keep celebrating it. day.  Keep celebrating it. day.  Keep celebrating it. And he is right to a large extent.   And so on and so forth also happened. And he is right to a large extent.   And so on and so forth also happened. Yes. Yes. Yes. This came after that. This came after that. This came after that. Brother, this came to me when I had an Brother, this came to me when I had an Brother, this came to me when I had an apartment worth Rs 100 and this song was standing behind me. apartment worth Rs 100 and this song was standing behind me. apartment worth Rs 100 and this song was standing behind me. Remember [laughter]?  It went Remember [laughter]?  It went Remember [laughter]?  It went viral.  What is happening to him?   I viral.  What is happening to him?   I viral.  What is happening to him?   I came on Kali.  Then after that he came on Kali.  Then after that he came on Kali.  Then after that he came on his Fortuner and made my picture, he had came on his Fortuner and made my picture, he had came on his Fortuner and made my picture, he had another name for me and it was also a watch, another name for me and it was also a watch, another name for me and it was also a watch, yes I remember, I remember, I remember, yes I remember, I remember, I remember, yes I remember, I remember, I remember, thank you so much my love, I thank you for your efforts, thank you so much my love, I thank you for your efforts, thank you so much my love, I thank you for your efforts, everything is a everything is a everything is a small thing for you, but small thing for you, but small thing for you, but what did you bring, please show me what did you bring, please show me what did you bring, please show me this is the first of all cake, this is the first of all cake, this is the first of all cake, okay, reserve it for the family, it has okay, reserve it for the family, it has okay, reserve it for the family, it has 3 million views on Instagram, look at it 3 million views on Instagram, look at it 3 million views on Instagram, look at it carefully, carefully, carefully, carefully, carefully, carefully, carefully, carefully, carefully, Adda Vadda Cake, is this all a cake, should the Adda Vadda Cake, is this all a cake, should the Adda Vadda Cake, is this all a cake, should the ones on the side order ones on the side order ones on the side order brother, this is a cake of 15 pounds, brother, this is a cake of 15 pounds, brother, this is a cake of 15 pounds, oh well, whatever force oh well, whatever force oh well, whatever force you put in, it you put in, it you put in, it looks like 1500 pounds. looks like 1500 pounds. looks like 1500 pounds. Looks like 1500 pounds. Looks like 1500 pounds. Looks like 1500 pounds. You guys will enjoy it when you see it.   Look at You guys will enjoy it when you see it.   Look at You guys will enjoy it when you see it.   Look at this [laughter] this [laughter] this [laughter] good. good. good. Okay, open it.  Bismillah one two three Okay, open it.  Bismillah one two three Okay, open it.  Bismillah one two three and say ok ok ok. and say ok ok ok. and say ok ok ok. Yes brother is the elder brother.  Done. Yes brother is the elder brother.  Done. Yes brother is the elder brother.  Done. Oh well sir! Oh well sir! Oh well sir! This is good, man.  This is actually good.   The This is good, man.  This is actually good.   The This is good, man.  This is actually good.   The box isn't great but the cake inside box isn't great but the cake inside box isn't great but the cake inside is lovely.  Congratulations for 3 million is lovely.  Congratulations for 3 million is lovely.  Congratulations for 3 million families and here's our London picture. families and here's our London picture. families and here's our London picture. This is good friend.  Thank you so much my This is good friend.  Thank you so much my This is good friend.  Thank you so much my love.  I liked it.  I used to love.  I liked it.  I used to love.  I liked it.  I used to think you were Shyam.  You turned out to be Ram.  Thank think you were Shyam.  You turned out to be Ram.  Thank think you were Shyam.  You turned out to be Ram.  Thank you.  I was feeling ashamed after seeing the doctor.  I can't you.  I was feeling ashamed after seeing the doctor.  I can't you.  I was feeling ashamed after seeing the doctor.  I can't say anything to Docker.  Docker has just gifted me Rs 5 lakh. say anything to Docker.  Docker has just gifted me Rs 5 lakh. say anything to Docker.  Docker has just gifted me Rs 5 lakh. Well, I Well, I Well, I complained to him once.  I said friend, my three complained to him once.  I said friend, my three complained to him once.  I said friend, my three million.  Hey, shut up.  Key celebration million.  Hey, shut up.  Key celebration million.  Hey, shut up.  Key celebration celebration celebration.  I keep quiet and say that I have given you a celebration celebration.  I keep quiet and say that I have given you a celebration celebration.  I keep quiet and say that I have given you a car worth Rs 5 lakh.  Haider has car worth Rs 5 lakh.  Haider has car worth Rs 5 lakh.  Haider has given such a lovely gift.  Moses gave it. given such a lovely gift.  Moses gave it. given such a lovely gift.  Moses gave it. Shari has given it.  Chaudhary Saheb gave it.  Ali Shari has given it.  Chaudhary Saheb gave it.  Ali Shari has given it.  Chaudhary Saheb gave it.  Ali Bhai gave it.  Chaudhary Saheb did not give it. Bhai gave it.  Chaudhary Saheb did not give it. Bhai gave it.  Chaudhary Saheb did not give it. Chaudhary Saheb gave a lollipop.  Ok.  Yes.   A Chaudhary Saheb gave a lollipop.  Ok.  Yes.   A Chaudhary Saheb gave a lollipop.  Ok.  Yes.   A $1000 lollipop is a given. $1000 lollipop is a given. $1000 lollipop is a given. I have been a [ __ ] for the last three months. I have been a [ __ ] for the last three months. I have been a [ __ ] for the last three months. $1000 worth of $1000 worth of $1000 worth of g.  I don't know where he sent it. g.  I don't know where he sent it. g.  I don't know where he sent it. Leave it.  Look, Ali Bhai gave a watch worth $1 lakh. Leave it.  Look, Ali Bhai gave a watch worth $1 lakh. Mashallah. Mashallah. Mashallah. Ok.  This was all for 9 million. Ok.  This was all for 9 million. Ok.  This was all for 9 million. So then I told him yes 3 million.  So So then I told him yes 3 million.  So So then I told him yes 3 million.  So I had to fight them all.  So I kept quiet. I had to fight them all.  So I kept quiet. I had to fight them all.  So I kept quiet. I said come on friend, we are not I said come on friend, we are not I said come on friend, we are not celebrating.  No problem.  But Ghazal and celebrating.  No problem.  But Ghazal and celebrating.  No problem.  But Ghazal and my mother should have done it.   Should have done it. my mother should have done it.   Should have done it. my mother should have done it.   Should have done it. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Thank you so much.  You brought me.  I Thank you so much.  You brought me.  I Thank you so much.  You brought me.  I liked it very much.  Love you my love. liked it very much.  Love you my love. liked it very much.  Love you my love. Now stop stop stop.  It's just not there right now. Now stop stop stop.  It's just not there right now. Now stop stop stop.  It's just not there right now. Hey, what is it then?   There are Hey, what is it then?   There are Hey, what is it then?   There are many more things.   Right now I do many more things.   Right now I do many more things.   Right now I do n't have a gift for you, friend, which n't have a gift for you, friend, which n't have a gift for you, friend, which I was thinking of.  [laughter] I was thinking of.  [laughter] I was thinking of.  [laughter] He came wearing a pink shirt, right?   No, no, no. He came wearing a pink shirt, right?   No, no, no. He is nothing like that.   Then He is nothing like that.   Then He is nothing like that.   Then ? ? ? This is for you.  The first gift is for you. This is for you.  The first gift is for you. This is for you.  The first gift is for you. Good. Good. Good. Ok. Ok. Ok. You also do you know gym.   I You also do you know gym.   I You also do you know gym.   I try, friend, I don't go to the gym. try, friend, I don't go to the gym. try, friend, I don't go to the gym. This type of shirt suits me. This type of shirt suits me. This type of shirt suits me. Oh nice bro.  You Polo boy Oh nice bro.  You Polo boy Oh nice bro.  You Polo boy gundo gundo gundo hi hi what a thing, you have just brought a beautiful shade hi hi what a thing, you have just brought a beautiful shade hi hi what a thing, you have just brought a beautiful shade Polo boy thank you my love thank you so much Polo boy thank you my love thank you so much yes it is lying there bring it it is filled it is filled aye hi hi hi it is a perfume there is a shortage of perfume these days brother jaan oe hoye hoye hoye champ you will enjoy this friend aye this is too much thank you so much my love no God thank yes it is lying there bring it it is filled it is filled aye hi hi hi it is a perfume there is a shortage of perfume these days brother jaan oe hoye hoye hoye champ you will enjoy this friend aye this is too much thank you so much my love no God thank you so much God bless you I cannot you so much God bless you I cannot you so much God bless you I cannot cut this cut this cut this because I have to take a picture of it it has been because I have to take a picture of it it has been because I have to take a picture of it it has been a long time since I posted on Instagram a long time since I posted on Instagram a long time since I posted on Instagram still the followers are increasing still the followers are increasing still the followers are increasing not increasing.  Ok.   Till now not increasing.  Ok.   Till now not increasing.  Ok.   Till now you are the number one YouTuber of Pakistan. you are the number one YouTuber of Pakistan. you are the number one YouTuber of Pakistan. You know You know You know no friend it's fine now.  We're just YouTubers. no friend it's fine now.  We're just YouTubers. no friend it's fine now.  We're just YouTubers. Whoever is number one.  May Allah keep everyone happy. Whoever is number one.  May Allah keep everyone happy. Whoever is number one.  May Allah keep everyone happy. Thank you so much.  Now whenever you put it, Thank you so much.  Now whenever you put it, Thank you so much.  Now whenever you put it, I will also give you a small gift. I will also give you a small gift. I will also give you a small gift. You tell me how many you have You tell me how many you have You tell me how many you have on YouTube.  You have been working hard for a long time, on YouTube.  You have been working hard for a long time, on YouTube.  You have been working hard for a long time, Mashallah.   Till now it is only Mashallah.   Till now it is only Mashallah.   Till now it is only 150. 150. 150. So friend, there is no tension.  What's in it? So friend, there is no tension.  What's in it? So friend, there is no tension.  What's in it? Look, you have 150 of them on your own YouTube. Look, you have 150 of them on your own YouTube. Look, you have 150 of them on your own YouTube. Ok?  There are 2 to 3 Ok?  There are 2 to 3 Ok?  There are 2 to 3 million people watching you here.  I mean, I million people watching you here.  I mean, I million people watching you here.  I mean, I recognize your face, right?   Yes.   The recognize your face, right?   Yes.   The recognize your face, right?   Yes.   The short ones are together.   Yes.   Isn't it short ones are together.   Yes.   Isn't it short ones are together.   Yes.   Isn't it ?  Still, let me put the link of his channel. ?  Still, let me put the link of his channel. ?  Still, let me put the link of his channel. Okay guys. Okay guys. Okay guys. A whole group of aliens should also go and thank A whole group of aliens should also go and thank A whole group of aliens should also go and thank him because he celebrated his 3 millionth success. him because he celebrated his 3 millionth success. I have put the Instagram link and YouTube link of this.  You should I have put the Instagram link and YouTube link of this.  You should I have put the Instagram link and YouTube link of this.  You should go and subscribe to it and as many people as go and subscribe to it and as many people as go and subscribe to it and as many people as possible should subscribe, two lakh, two and a half lakh, three possible should subscribe, two lakh, two and a half lakh, three possible should subscribe, two lakh, two and a half lakh, three lakh, four lakh five, I feel like getting it done for a million. lakh, four lakh five, I feel like getting it done for a million. lakh, four lakh five, I feel like getting it done for a million. He has brought so much love He has brought so much love He has brought so much love for me.  I feel like getting a for me.  I feel like getting a for me.  I feel like getting a million rupees and then I get a pink shirt. million rupees and then I get a pink shirt. million rupees and then I get a pink shirt. Hail.  What is the matter? Hail.  What is the matter? Hail.  What is the matter? I will wear a pink shirt from today. I will wear a pink shirt from today. I will wear a pink shirt from today. Good for [sound of clearing throat] you.  Be a Good for [sound of clearing throat] you.  Be a Good for [sound of clearing throat] you.  Be a man, not a shape. man, not a shape. man, not a shape. I pink I pink I pink be a man, not a shape, good?  Here you go son, this is for be a man, not a shape, good?  Here you go son, this is for be a man, not a shape, good?  Here you go son, this is for you.  Thank you.  Hi Malik, Ganimat Phadho you.  Thank you.  Hi Malik, Ganimat Phadho you.  Thank you.  Hi Malik, Ganimat Phadho ji, thank you, the ji, thank you, the ji, thank you, the link is in the description, he link is in the description, he link is in the description, he gave me a gift and we have to return the gift, come on, I have gave me a gift and we have to return the gift, come on, I have a look [nasal sound] guys, have a a look [nasal sound] guys, have a a look [nasal sound] guys, have a look, this is one shot C4, okay, this is look, this is one shot C4, okay, this is look, this is one shot C4, okay, this is one for me, one for my partner Shahri Bhai one for me, one for my partner Shahri Bhai one for me, one for my partner Shahri Bhai and one for our gym trainer, that Izhar, and one for our gym trainer, that Izhar, and one for our gym trainer, that Izhar, okay, I would have taken one for Haider also, okay, I would have taken one for Haider also, okay, I would have taken one for Haider also, but Haider clearly refused that but Haider clearly refused that but Haider clearly refused that I don't want to go to the gym, I said okay, now I don't want to go to the gym, I said okay, now I don't want to go to the gym, I said okay, now I don't even want to ask you.  I have been working under you for three months. I don't even want to ask you.  I have been working under you for three months. People have been following me on Snapchat for the last three months. People have been following me on Snapchat for the last three months. People have been following me on Snapchat for the last three months. Bring Haider.  Bring Haider. Bring Haider.  Bring Haider. Bring Haider.  Bring Haider. Bring Haider.  Why aren't you coming to the gym? Bring Haider.  Why aren't you coming to the gym? Bring Haider.  Why aren't you coming to the gym? Why aren't you coming to the gym?  Why aren't you coming to the gym? Why aren't you coming to the gym?  Why aren't you coming to the gym? Why aren't you coming to the gym?  Why aren't you coming to the gym? Now what should I tell you, I cannot pick you up from home.  I have been Now what should I tell you, I cannot pick you up from home.  I have been Now what should I tell you, I cannot pick you up from home.  I have been frying it for three months. frying it for three months. frying it for three months. Today again I messaged asking whether I wanted to go or Today again I messaged asking whether I wanted to go or Today again I messaged asking whether I wanted to go or not?  I am changing the time because of you, you can not?  I am changing the time because of you, you can not?  I am changing the time because of you, you can see.  I'm going to the gym today at 7:30.  I will see.  I'm going to the gym today at 7:30.  I will see.  I'm going to the gym today at 7:30.  I will reach at 8:00.  Your excuse was that reach at 8:00.  Your excuse was that reach at 8:00.  Your excuse was that I have to come live at 11:00.  That will also be I have to come live at 11:00.  That will also be I have to come live at 11:00.  That will also be covered.  Now we will be home at 9:00.  He covered.  Now we will be home at 9:00.  He covered.  Now we will be home at 9:00.  He says I did not go.  I said says I did not go.  I said says I did not go.  I said okay, now I don't even have to ask.  Secondly, okay, now I don't even have to ask.  Secondly, okay, now I don't even have to ask.  Secondly, our car perfume ran out. our car perfume ran out. our car perfume ran out. Here comes our perfume.  All set.  Okay, Here comes our perfume.  All set.  Okay, Here comes our perfume.  All set.  Okay, now there is a slight change in the plan.  The initial plan was now there is a slight change in the plan.  The initial plan was now there is a slight change in the plan.  The initial plan was that Haider, Dor, Shahjahan, that Haider, Dor, Shahjahan, that Haider, Dor, Shahjahan, Musa, Jahangir, all of us had to Musa, Jahangir, all of us had to Musa, Jahangir, all of us had to gather at Shahjahan's house and give him the gather at Shahjahan's house and give him the gather at Shahjahan's house and give him the gifts that had come for us from Dubai. gifts that had come for us from Dubai. gifts that had come for us from Dubai. Actually, gifts have also come for us from Karbala. Actually, gifts have also come for us from Karbala. Actually, gifts have also come for us from Karbala. Unboxing will take place at two places, at Unboxing will take place at two places, at Unboxing will take place at two places, at my house and at Shiazhi's house. my house and at Shiazhi's house. my house and at Shiazhi's house. But now the vlog has become too long and it is But now the vlog has become too long and it is But now the vlog has become too long and it is time for me to go to the gym.  Because time for me to go to the gym.  Because time for me to go to the gym.  Because your brother must have taken the oath yesterday.  Your your brother must have taken the oath yesterday.  Your your brother must have taken the oath yesterday.  Your brother has vowed to go to the gym regularly on time. brother has vowed to go to the gym regularly on time. brother has vowed to go to the gym regularly on time. And there are many such bad habits.  There are And there are many such bad habits.  There are And there are many such bad habits.  There are many such friendships which have many such friendships which have many such friendships which have perhaps perhaps perhaps made me a Rajab, which I am made me a Rajab, which I am made me a Rajab, which I am not at all.  I was just a family oriented boy not at all.  I was just a family oriented boy not at all.  I was just a family oriented boy who came on YouTube two and a half to three years ago. who came on YouTube two and a half to three years ago. who came on YouTube two and a half to three years ago. I don't want to go too deep.  Just forget about I don't want to go too deep.  Just forget about I don't want to go too deep.  Just forget about it.  But I am no longer that. it.  But I am no longer that. it.  But I am no longer that. So I am trying to make myself like that, So I am trying to make myself like that, So I am trying to make myself like that, Insha Allah.  So in between I have also made a promise Insha Allah.  So in between I have also made a promise Insha Allah.  So in between I have also made a promise that I have to go to the gym at 8:00. that I have to go to the gym at 8:00. that I have to go to the gym at 8:00. Insha Allah, vogue time has to start.   The Insha Allah, vogue time has to start.   The Insha Allah, vogue time has to start.   The rest is the one who attains pure perfections. rest is the one who attains pure perfections. rest is the one who attains pure perfections. Allah is the saviour of life.  Allah is Allah is the saviour of life.  Allah is Allah is the saviour of life.  Allah is merciful to pure hearts.  The one who merciful to pure hearts.  The one who merciful to pure hearts.  The one who put it in my heart should put it in the hearts of others put it in my heart should put it in the hearts of others put it in my heart should put it in the hearts of others too.  Everyone should be happy and then earn and eat.   So too.  Everyone should be happy and then earn and eat.   So too.  Everyone should be happy and then earn and eat.   So now we have decided to end this vlog here. now we have decided to end this vlog here. now we have decided to end this vlog here. Insha Allah, the Insha Allah, the Insha Allah, the vlogs that have come from Karbala in the morning will also be there.  And the vlogs that have come from Karbala in the morning will also be there.  And the vlogs that have come from Karbala in the morning will also be there.  And the vogues that have come from Dubai will also be unboxed. vogues that have come from Dubai will also be unboxed. vogues that have come from Dubai will also be unboxed. No, I won't be able to do it even in the morning.  Morning is a No, I won't be able to do it even in the morning.  Morning is a No, I won't be able to do it even in the morning.  Morning is a very important day.  Morning is a very very important day.  Morning is a very very important day.  Morning is a very important day.  Quoting Chhote Bhatt Saheb.  It is a important day.  Quoting Chhote Bhatt Saheb.  It is a important day.  Quoting Chhote Bhatt Saheb.  It is a very important day.  His very important day.  His very important day.  His Baba has worked very hard to achieve what he has. Baba has worked very hard to achieve what he has. Baba has worked very hard to achieve what he has. Apart from money, I also used my brain for the first Apart from money, I also used my brain for the first Apart from money, I also used my brain for the first time.  Yes, that will happen in the morning.  The unboxing time.  Yes, that will happen in the morning.  The unboxing time.  Yes, that will happen in the morning.  The unboxing may not happen even tomorrow, it will happen the day after tomorrow.  Ok? may not happen even tomorrow, it will happen the day after tomorrow.  Ok? may not happen even tomorrow, it will happen the day after tomorrow.  Ok? Now I will tell you in the morning what Amma is Now I will tell you in the morning what Amma is Now I will tell you in the morning what Amma is talking about whether the preparations have been done or not. talking about whether the preparations have been done or not. talking about whether the preparations have been done or not. Ok?  I will end this vlog here Ok?  I will end this vlog here Ok?  I will end this vlog here and let me tell you one more thing that the and let me tell you one more thing that the and let me tell you one more thing that the cars that I am driving are cars that I am driving are cars that I am driving are mine.  But this is for sale.  Ok? mine.  But this is for sale.  Ok? mine.  But this is for sale.  Ok? I manage a little bit.  2000 km   I will take it away. I manage a little bit.  2000 km   I will take it away. I manage a little bit.  2000 km   I will take it away. Then it gets sold.  This is Then it gets sold.  This is Then it gets sold.  This is not my personal vehicle.  Whether not my personal vehicle.  Whether not my personal vehicle.  Whether I drive a Fortuner or whether I drive an LC. I drive a Fortuner or whether I drive an LC. I drive a Fortuner or whether I drive an LC. This is not for my personal use.  This is my This is not for my personal use.  This is my This is not for my personal use.  This is my investment.  This is my business. investment.  This is my business. investment.  This is my business. Ok?  Which is our car which I have to Ok?  Which is our car which I have to Ok?  Which is our car which I have to keep for the next six months or years.  Like the keep for the next six months or years.  Like the keep for the next six months or years.  Like the Raptor that we had kept, Inshallah, Raptor that we had kept, Inshallah, Raptor that we had kept, Inshallah, Inshallah, with in seven to eight days, it will be Inshallah, with in seven to eight days, it will be Inshallah, with in seven to eight days, it will be installed at Karachi Port.  Brother, ships come from Japan, installed at Karachi Port.  Brother, ships come from Japan, installed at Karachi Port.  Brother, ships come from Japan, right?  After that she will come to Lahore again in seven-eight days. right?  After that she will come to Lahore again in seven-eight days. right?  After that she will come to Lahore again in seven-eight days. After that I am After that I am After that I am also looking for a pair for another car. also looking for a pair for another car. also looking for a pair for another car. Your brother has to keep a pair of the car.  There will definitely be two for Amma.  I want to Your brother has to keep a pair of the car.  There will definitely be two for Amma.  I want to keep a pair of my own vehicles which I will drive the whole year.  That second keep a pair of my own vehicles which I will drive the whole year.  That second keep a pair of my own vehicles which I will drive the whole year.  That second car that I have paired up will be car that I have paired up will be car that I have paired up will be fun.  Let's end this vlog here.  If fun.  Let's end this vlog here.  If fun.  Let's end this vlog here.  If you guys can guess then guess you guys can guess then guess you guys can guess then guess which one is being installed at Karachi Port which one is being installed at Karachi Port which one is being installed at Karachi Port and which could be the second vehicle which we have to pair with. and which could be the second vehicle which we have to pair with. and which could be the second vehicle which we have to pair with. See you guys See you guys See you guys tomorrow.  Take great care of yourself.  If you tomorrow.  Take great care of yourself.  If you tomorrow.  Take great care of yourself.  If you like the vlog, please like it.  Let like the vlog, please like it.  Let like the vlog, please like it.  Let us know in the comments how you liked it and how you didn't like it.  Bye-by us know in the comments how you liked it and how you didn't like it.  Bye-by us know in the comments how you liked it and how you didn't like it.  Bye-by take care.  Love you Pakistan.  Hail. take care.  Love you Pakistan.  Hail. take care.  Love you Pakistan.  Hail. What is the plan for 14th August? What is the plan for 14th August? What is the plan for 14th August?