Hey brother, leave it [screaming voice] brother, where are you Hey brother, leave it [screaming voice] brother, where are you Hey brother, leave it [screaming voice] brother, where are you taking me, taking me, taking me, stop the beauty, first number brother, if stop the beauty, first number brother, if stop the beauty, first number brother, if I become a wife then I will do nothing, you I become a wife then I will do nothing, you I become a wife then I will do nothing, you just support me in the mission, then I will make you a queen and take just support me in the mission, then I will make you a queen and take just support me in the mission, then I will make you a queen and take Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, your mother's Pakistanis, today I am reminding you of your grandmother, hey you [ __ ], your mother's Pakistanis, today I am reminding you of your grandmother, hey you [ __ ], where are you running away, where are you running away, where are you running away, you will not leave anything today, you will not leave anything today, you will not leave anything today, come come soldiers, today is 15th August.  The whole country is celebrating. soldiers, today is 15th August.  The whole country is celebrating. soldiers, today is 15th August.  The whole country is celebrating. But I have But I have But I have received information from intelligence agencies.  An intruder can received information from intelligence agencies.  An intruder can received information from intelligence agencies.  An intruder can intrude at any time.  Therefore, we have to always intrude at any time.  Therefore, we have to always intrude at any time.  Therefore, we have to always remain in alert mood.   Yes remain in alert mood.   Yes remain in alert mood.   Yes sir. sir. sir. Soldiers, if we receive any emergency message or Soldiers, if we receive any emergency message or Soldiers, if we receive any emergency message or information, we have to be ready for action. information, we have to be ready for action. information, we have to be ready for action. Any doubt? Any doubt? Any doubt? No sir.  We are ready.   If No sir.  We are ready.   If No sir.  We are ready.   If anyone has any doubt, please tell me. anyone has any doubt, please tell me. anyone has any doubt, please tell me. No sir, there is no doubt.  No matter how cunning the enemy of a mother is, he No sir, there is no doubt.  No matter how cunning the enemy of a mother is, he cannot escape our sight.  If we are cannot escape our sight.  If we are cannot escape our sight.  If we are celebrating independence then celebrating independence then celebrating independence then why is he having pain in his backside?  Please why is he having pain in his backside?  Please why is he having pain in his backside?  Please give us a chance to serve you once, sir.   If I do give us a chance to serve you once, sir.   If I do give us a chance to serve you once, sir.   If I do n't make him remember the milk of Chhathi then n't make him remember the milk of Chhathi then n't make him remember the milk of Chhathi then my name is not Balwinder. my name is not Balwinder. my name is not Balwinder. Yes sir, I swear by this uniform.  If only Yes sir, I swear by this uniform.  If only Yes sir, I swear by this uniform.  If only we could face these cowards once.   If we do we could face these cowards once.   If we do we could face these cowards once.   If we do n't tear the years into pieces then n't tear the years into pieces then n't tear the years into pieces then our name is not Sukhwinder. our name is not Sukhwinder. our name is not Sukhwinder. Well done soldiers, I also expected the same from you. Well done soldiers, I also expected the same from you. Well done soldiers, I also expected the same from you. Now go and alert your battalion. Now go and alert your battalion. Hey, where were you going, son?  You left so early today.   Should I cook and Hey, where were you going, son?  You left so early today.   Should I cook and Hey, where were you going, son?  You left so early today.   Should I cook and eat food or not?  No papa, don't eat food or not?  No papa, don't eat food or not?  No papa, don't eat, should I have eaten a little early in the morning today, the school is not the eat, should I have eaten a little early in the morning today, the school is not the eat, should I have eaten a little early in the morning today, the school is not the principal sir Gosa ji, principal sir Gosa ji, principal sir Gosa ji, today is school, so today is Sunday, today is a holiday, today is school, so today is Sunday, today is a holiday, today is school, so today is Sunday, today is a holiday, how do I manage school that I have taught on Sunday, how do I manage school that I have taught on Sunday, no papa, today is Sunday but there is no holiday no papa, today is Sunday but there is no holiday no papa, today is Sunday but there is no holiday in school, today is 15th August, so today in school, today is 15th August, so today in school, today is 15th August, so today everyone hoisted the flag, I get jalebi from everyone hoisted the flag, I get jalebi from everyone hoisted the flag, I get jalebi from there, I would have done all the preparations early in the morning, yes, there, I would have done all the preparations early in the morning, yes, today is 15th August, so I should have today is 15th August, so I should have today is 15th August, so I should have eaten something when I am hungry, eaten something when I am hungry, eaten something when I am hungry, no no no papa, today is a happy day, India is papa, today is a happy day, India is papa, today is a happy day, India is celebrating the 80th year of independence, today celebrating the 80th year of independence, today celebrating the 80th year of independence, today India got independence on this day in 1947, so today is a happy day, so I am India got independence on this day in 1947, so today is a happy day, so I am India got independence on this day in 1947, so today is a happy day, so I am hungry, should have eaten after hoisting the flag, hey hungry, should have eaten after hoisting the flag, hey son, the country got independence 70 years ago, but what is the use of such freedom when the son, the country got independence 70 years ago, but what is the use of such freedom when the son, the country got independence 70 years ago, but what is the use of such freedom when the youth of the country come out on the streets to get their rights, get beaten with sticks, go on youth of the country come out on the streets to get their rights, get beaten with sticks, go on hunger strike, hey, at hunger strike, hey, at hunger strike, hey, at least we would have preferred slavery than such freedom  We may show least we would have preferred slavery than such freedom  We may show least we would have preferred slavery than such freedom  We may show respect and plead but the government does listen respect and plead but the government does listen respect and plead but the government does listen and today's government is sitting in the house like a deaf and dumb and today's government is sitting in the house like a deaf and dumb and today's government is sitting in the house like a deaf and dumb and sitting on the road. and sitting on the road. and sitting on the road. Oh no, Oh no, Oh no, see dad, I am a teacher, my job is to see dad, I am a teacher, my job is to see dad, I am a teacher, my job is to educate and teach the people, not to form the government. educate and teach the people, not to form the government. educate and teach the people, not to form the government. Choosing the government is in the hands of the government. And Choosing the government is in the hands of the government. And Choosing the government is in the hands of the government. And in the election season, without thinking or thinking, in the election season, without thinking or thinking, in the election season, without thinking or thinking, whoever gets liquor and chicken, goes and votes for it, and the whoever gets liquor and chicken, goes and votes for it, and the whoever gets liquor and chicken, goes and votes for it, and the same power goes into the hands of the wrong government. So, if you start same power goes into the hands of the wrong government. So, if you start same power goes into the hands of the wrong government. So, if you start playing with the future of the people, then you start playing with the future of the people, then you start playing with the future of the people, then you start shouting that we are from the old shouting that we are from the old shouting that we are from the old times, okay, friend, friends are not in the times, times, okay, friend, friends are not in the times, times, okay, friend, friends are not in the times, friends are in humanity, so vote for such people and make them win. friends are in humanity, so vote for such people and make them win. friends are in humanity, so vote for such people and make them win. Now the time will come to regret Now the time will come to regret Now the time will come to regret when the bird misses the field. when the bird misses the field. when the bird misses the field. Oh, if we have made a mistake, then it is okay son, at Oh, if we have made a mistake, then it is okay son, at Oh, if we have made a mistake, then it is okay son, at least now it is the time to reform. What will happen by least now it is the time to reform. What will happen by least now it is the time to reform. What will happen by just hoisting the flag on 15th August and distributing jalebis on 26th January? The just hoisting the flag on 15th August and distributing jalebis on 26th January? The future of the country is still going in darkness. future of the country is still going in darkness. future of the country is still going in darkness. Why should you worry dad, change so soon? Why should you worry dad, change so soon? Why should you worry dad, change so soon? Now the times are such that the Now the times are such that the Now the times are such that the youth have to move ahead, if they want to form a government then they have to youth have to move ahead, if they want to form a government then they have to youth have to move ahead, if they want to form a government then they have to topple it too, okay, I will explain to you later, I was topple it too, okay, I will explain to you later, I was topple it too, okay, I will explain to you later, I was going, I am late [music] go ahead, mother, take your hunger, go, hey, then you mother, take your hunger, go, hey, then you mother, take your hunger, go, hey, then you interrupt from behind, why don't you see that you are going to interrupt from behind, why don't you see that you are going to interrupt from behind, why don't you see that you are going to school, school, school, I want to ask you that today is a holiday, then I want to ask you that today is a holiday, then I want to ask you that today is a holiday, then why are you taking me to study, today is Sunday, why are you taking me to study, today is Sunday, why are you taking me to study, today is Sunday, hey, it is Sunday, but today is 15th August, so the hey, it is Sunday, but today is 15th August, so the hey, it is Sunday, but today is 15th August, so the flag is hoisted in school, flag is hoisted in school, flag is hoisted in school, okay, school, so if I interrupt you, then why do you say that you are going, then why okay, school, so if I interrupt you, then why do you say that you are going, then why okay, school, so if I interrupt you, then why do you say that you are going, then why interrupt you, interrupt you, interrupt you, hey, when someone is going on a trip, you shouldn't interrupt from behind like this, hey, when someone is going on a trip, you shouldn't interrupt from behind like this, hey, when someone is going on a trip, you shouldn't interrupt from behind like this, otherwise the work gets spoiled, if I make a otherwise the work gets spoiled, if I make a otherwise the work gets spoiled, if I make a cup of tea, then cup of tea, then cup of tea, then you are just doing a drama, it feels like you are being interrupted by your child, you are just doing a drama, it feels like you are being interrupted by your child, you are just doing a drama, it feels like you are being interrupted by your child, how did you feel, how did you feel, okay, go, make some tea, then okay, go, make some tea, then okay, go, make some tea, then take it, give me some jalebi [laughs] Kailash ji is sleeping, he is not sleeping at night, what did he do, he Kailash ji is sleeping, he is not sleeping at night, what did he do, he Kailash ji is sleeping, he is not sleeping at night, what did he do, he played kabaddi all night or fought wrestling, hey, hey, at played kabaddi all night or fought wrestling, hey, hey, at played kabaddi all night or fought wrestling, hey, hey, at night  I was sleeping and today I got up, it was night  I was sleeping and today I got up, it was night  I was sleeping and today I got up, it was 15th August, so I would 15th August, so I would 15th August, so I would not sleep, otherwise I would wake up before 7:00 am and start shouting not sleep, otherwise I would wake up before 7:00 am and start shouting not sleep, otherwise I would wake up before 7:00 am and start shouting slogans from my head, I am not a slogans from my head, I am not a slogans from my head, I am not a child, I am a child, it is the child, I am a child, it is the child, I am a child, it is the tradition of our village, be it 26th tradition of our village, be it 26th tradition of our village, be it 26th January or 15th August, no matter how January or 15th August, no matter how January or 15th August, no matter how educated I am, I wake up early in the morning and shout educated I am, I wake up early in the morning and shout educated I am, I wake up early in the morning and shout patriotic slogans and roam around the streets, patriotic slogans and roam around the streets, patriotic slogans and roam around the streets, hearing that I broke down, yes my hearing that I broke down, yes my hearing that I broke down, yes my sleep broke, then Principal sleep broke, then Principal sleep broke, then Principal sahab would have stood in your place of the flag, sahab would have stood in your place of the flag, sahab would have stood in your place of the flag, you have to go, Principal you have to go, Principal you have to go, Principal sahab was so happy, okay then bring the colourful one, sahab was so happy, okay then bring the colourful one, sahab was so happy, okay then bring the colourful one, take the rainbow colour one, take the rainbow colour one, take the rainbow colour one, where did I bring it, did I bring a handkerchief, where did I bring it, did I bring a handkerchief, where did I bring it, did I bring a handkerchief, madam, I have brought my chunni, madam, I have brought my chunni, oh no, oh no, oh no, madam, everyone is at home, look at the situation, I am madam, everyone is at home, look at the situation, I am madam, everyone is at home, look at the situation, I am making rainbow and rangoli, making rainbow and rangoli, making rainbow and rangoli, yes sir, I brought everything from home with my own jugaad  I have come, I have bought yes sir, I brought everything from home with my own jugaad  I have come, I have bought yes sir, I brought everything from home with my own jugaad  I have come, I have bought flower garlands, rainbow colored ones and I have flower garlands, rainbow colored ones and I have flower garlands, rainbow colored ones and I have bought Rangoli maker, bought Rangoli maker, bought Rangoli maker, I am fit for all my work. I am fit for all my work. I am fit for all my work. Good morning sir.  good Morning ma'am. Good morning sir.  good Morning ma'am. Good morning sir.  good Morning ma'am. You all have come a long way today. You all have come a long way today. You all have come a long way today. Good Morning.  Good Morning.  The Good Morning.  Good Morning.  The Good Morning.  Good Morning.  The lady has come very well dressed today.  Lest the enemy casts an evil eye on us. lady has come very well dressed today.  Lest the enemy casts an evil eye on us. lady has come very well dressed today.  Lest the enemy casts an evil eye on us. Please be careful.  [laughter] Please be careful.  [laughter] Please be careful.  [laughter] Sir, do you guys also behave like this even though you are married Sir, do you guys also behave like this even though you are married Sir, do you guys also behave like this even though you are married ?  It feels better than.  The poor girl is ?  It feels better than.  The poor girl is ?  It feels better than.  The poor girl is still a virgin.  If you are not well dressed then still a virgin.  If you are not well dressed then still a virgin.  If you are not well dressed then how will the groom like you? how will the groom like you? how will the groom like you? So, is the flag hoisting ceremony going to be held or is the Swayamvara to be organised? Then the So, is the flag hoisting ceremony going to be held or is the Swayamvara to be organised? Then the So, is the flag hoisting ceremony going to be held or is the Swayamvara to be organised? Then the Principal Sir should announce Principal Sir should announce Principal Sir should announce what kind of boy is required. what kind of boy is required. what kind of boy is required. Forget it Sir, he is joking. We have made all the preparations. It is Forget it Sir, he is joking. We have made all the preparations. It is Forget it Sir, he is joking. We have made all the preparations. It is time for the boy to come. We have time for the boy to come. We have time for the boy to come. We have prepared the flag-baandha (flying flag), prepared the flag-baandha (flying flag), prepared the flag-baandha (flying flag), all the preparations are done. Now don't worry, all the preparations are done. Now don't worry, all the preparations are done. Now don't worry, just let the Principal Sir come and we will do as he just let the Principal Sir come and we will do as he just let the Principal Sir come and we will do as he says. The says. The says. The Principal Sir will say anything. He had already Principal Sir will say anything. He had already Principal Sir will say anything. He had already told me yesterday that you people should told me yesterday that you people should told me yesterday that you people should prepare the flag-baandha before the boy comes. prepare the flag-baandha before the boy comes. prepare the flag-baandha before the boy comes. Please make a rangoli.  Please drop the lime. Please make a rangoli.  Please drop the lime. Please make a rangoli.  Please drop the lime. Keep all the rainbow colored things ready. Keep all the rainbow colored things ready. Keep all the rainbow colored things ready. So you guys are sitting. So you guys are sitting. So you guys are sitting. Good morning sir. Good morning sir. Good morning sir. Good Morning.  Good Morning.  You guys Good Morning.  Good Morning.  You guys Good Morning.  Good Morning.  You guys sit here.  Yes.  I have come here to sit. sit here.  Yes.  I have come here to sit. sit here.  Yes.  I have come here to sit. Go and prepare.  Put the tricolor on them Go and prepare.  Put the tricolor on them Go and prepare.  Put the tricolor on them , decorate them with rangoli, and apply lime. , decorate them with rangoli, and apply lime. , decorate them with rangoli, and apply lime. When will you do all this?  When the baby comes?  We are going to the When will you do all this?  When the baby comes?  We are going to the When will you do all this?  When the baby comes?  We are going to the Jalebi wala only. Jalebi wala only. Jalebi wala only. No sir, please bring everything and get it ready. I will No sir, please bring everything and get it ready. I will No sir, please bring everything and get it ready. I will come here only. You are late for your come here only. You are late for your work, as if we were waiting for the groom's side where the jaimala ceremony was going to take place. All of you go and do your work. From the road work, as if we were waiting for the groom's side where the jaimala ceremony was going to take place. All of you go and do your work. From the road work, as if we were waiting for the groom's side where the jaimala ceremony was going to take place. All of you go and do your work. From the road till the gate, paint the entire area and till the gate, paint the entire area and till the gate, paint the entire area and decorate the gate with a nice rangoli. The decorate the gate with a nice rangoli. The decorate the gate with a nice rangoli. The flag should be erected before 8:00. We are going to the flag should be erected before 8:00. We are going to the flag should be erected before 8:00. We are going to the confectioner's [laughs] confectioner's [laughs] confectioner's [laughs] You are right. I am feeling fine with Chandla Goswa. If you You are right. I am feeling fine with Chandla Goswa. If you You are right. I am feeling fine with Chandla Goswa. If you ask anything, ask anything, ask anything, why are you sitting, then say why are you sitting like that. If you feel like cheating, even if you are cutting it, then what should why are you sitting, then say why are you sitting like that. If you feel like cheating, even if you are cutting it, then what should why are you sitting, then say why are you sitting like that. If you feel like cheating, even if you are cutting it, then what should I do? Let's go, I do? Let's go, I do? Let's go, madam. Go to your work. If you don't cut it, then cut it. If you don't cut it, then madam. Go to your work. If you don't cut it, then cut it. If you don't cut it, then cut it. cut it. cut it. Oh, Lava, no, I will cut it. So go and get Oh, Lava, no, I will cut it. So go and get Oh, Lava, no, I will cut it. So go and get ready and make the Lava Atva ready and make the Lava Atva ready and make the Lava Atva Hello, yes, Mummy, say Hello, yes, Mummy, say Hello, yes, Mummy, say yes, did you reach school well, son? yes, did you reach school well, son? yes, did you reach school well, son? No problem, right?  oh No problem, right?  oh No problem, right?  oh no no no yes there is problem in school or street food, I am going to Kochi, I am going to say yes there is problem in school or street food, I am going to Kochi, I am going to say yes there is problem in school or street food, I am going to Kochi, I am going to say mummy mummy mummy or god, goddess, how will I get my son, or god, goddess, how will I get my son, or god, goddess, how will I get my son, I keep on eating all my life, I keep on eating all my life, I keep on eating all my life, oh no oh no oh no hello, she said mummy, is there something wrong, what did you say, no no hello, she said mummy, is there something wrong, what did you say, no no hello, she said mummy, is there something wrong, what did you say, no no son, if you are not teaching me in the morning then son, if you are not teaching me in the morning then son, if you are not teaching me in the morning then walk from behind, that's why bahuji scolded me, you stopped me on the walk from behind, that's why bahuji scolded me, you stopped me on the walk from behind, that's why bahuji scolded me, you stopped me on the journey, if you are a shagun, then you journey, if you are a shagun, then you journey, if you are a shagun, then you asked me to reach there safely, right, asked me to reach there safely, right, asked me to reach there safely, right, mummy, who was living in a delusion, it means mummy, who was living in a delusion, it means mummy, who was living in a delusion, it means that if someone stops me while I am walking then it becomes a shagun, that if someone stops me while I am walking then it becomes a shagun, that if someone stops me while I am walking then it becomes a shagun, all this stopping is a very old all this stopping is a very old all this stopping is a very old story, put all this out of your mind, if you are going to Kochi then story, put all this out of your mind, if you are going to Kochi then story, put all this out of your mind, if you are going to Kochi then I will do my work, okay, I will do my work, okay, I will do my work, okay, one thing son, please tell me, I have one thing son, please tell me, I have one thing son, please tell me, I have seen a boy, so see, have you seen a boy, so see, have you seen a boy, so see, have you called him, no, hey called him, no, hey called him, no, hey mummy, if I don't get free from my work then I will mummy, if I don't get free from my work then I will not go to see a boy, today is 15th August, keep me busy in my work, I will not go to see a boy, today is 15th August, keep me busy in my work, I will not go to see a boy, today is 15th August, keep me busy in my work, I will talk to you later, if talk to you later, if talk to you later, if daughter is busy then at least tell me that you have called me  If daughter is busy then at least tell me that you have called me  If daughter is busy then at least tell me that you have called me  If you had time, you could have told me you had time, you could have told me you had time, you could have told me what this sister's thing is, friend, I have been eyeing her for a long time, we will what this sister's thing is, friend, I have been eyeing her for a long time, we will what this sister's thing is, friend, I have been eyeing her for a long time, we will not let her go today, not let her go today, not let her go today, what happened brother, is she very close to my heart, please what happened brother, is she very close to my heart, please what happened brother, is she very close to my heart, please tell me then how will we do the blast, tell me then how will we do the blast, tell me then how will we do the blast, oh no, no brother, we will not do the blast at all, we have to bring her at the oh no, no brother, we will not do the blast at all, we have to bring her at the oh no, no brother, we will not do the blast at all, we have to bring her at the point of the rifle, she will point of the rifle, she will point of the rifle, she will die in the blast, die in the blast, die in the blast, brother, has it gone out of your mind, is it necessary to brother, has it gone out of your mind, is it necessary to brother, has it gone out of your mind, is it necessary to take such a big risk for this girl, take such a big risk for this girl, take such a big risk for this girl, you bring her here from the point of the rifle, everyone you bring her here from the point of the rifle, everyone you bring her here from the point of the rifle, everyone sits and watches, she did one thing, all sits and watches, she did one thing, all sits and watches, she did one thing, all three of you throw a bomb one by one, all of it in one go, the bastard sank it, yes, three of you throw a bomb one by one, all of it in one go, the bastard sank it, yes, you keep quiet, it is like that, you keep quiet, it is like that, you keep quiet, it is like that, you are innocent, what do you want, we should settle down at home, we will take you are innocent, what do you want, we should settle down at home, we will take you are innocent, what do you want, we should settle down at home, we will take only one secret in our hearts, take Pakistan and only one secret in our hearts, take Pakistan and only one secret in our hearts, take Pakistan and look at it with one eye, look at it with one eye, look at it with one eye, but brother, you should know what I have but brother, you should know what I have but brother, you should know what I have said, that just like there will be flag hoisting in India, said, that just like there will be flag hoisting in India, said, that just like there will be flag hoisting in India, you people have to drop bombs in the same way, they have to you people have to drop bombs in the same way, they have to change the cry of freedom into a cry for everyone, no matter how many Indians are killed, change the cry of freedom into a cry for everyone, no matter how many Indians are killed, change the cry of freedom into a cry for everyone, no matter how many Indians are killed, we have no grief about it, but the same we have no grief about it, but the same we have no grief about it, but the same Masoka also got wrapped up in the blast, so Masoka also got wrapped up in the blast, so Masoka also got wrapped up in the blast, so where are you from, Sapna is in a haze, so what is Suruchi ji doing, I have Suruchi ji doing, I have Suruchi ji doing, I have told her the whole day that I will meet her after hoisting the flag, told her the whole day that I will meet her after hoisting the flag, told her the whole day that I will meet her after hoisting the flag, oh no madam, it is not like that, I had called from home, oh no madam, it is not like that, I had called from home, oh no madam, it is not like that, I had called from home, mom was saying that the boy's family is mom was saying that the boy's family is mom was saying that the boy's family is coming today to see them, tell me, now who should we answer to these people, coming today to see them, tell me, now who should we answer to these people, we say say yes, you will say we say say yes, you will say we say say yes, you will say why is it, firstly you are so beautiful and why is it, firstly you are so beautiful and why is it, firstly you are so beautiful and look hot and the times are also bad. look hot and the times are also bad. look hot and the times are also bad. Who knows when someone might get dirty on you Who knows when someone might get dirty on you Who knows when someone might get dirty on you ?  That's why your mother is telling you the right thing. ?  That's why your mother is telling you the right thing. ?  That's why your mother is telling you the right thing. We say that you should We say that you should We say that you should say yes to the marriage and if possible, say yes to the marriage and if possible, say yes to the marriage and if possible, meet the boy's family today itself after the flag hoisting ceremony.  [MUSIC] Look, she's doing it again. Look, she's doing it again. Look, she's doing it again. Okay, okay, talk to him and finalize the marriage also. Okay, okay, talk to him and finalize the marriage also. Okay, okay, talk to him and finalize the marriage also. We prepare for the We prepare for the We prepare for the flag hoisting. flag hoisting. flag hoisting. Hey listen, we have an idea.  First Hey listen, we have an idea.  First Hey listen, we have an idea.  First sneak into that building and sneak into that building and sneak into that building and pick up the girl.  After that we will explode. pick up the girl.  After that we will explode. pick up the girl.  After that we will explode. And if someone else comes in front then And if someone else comes in front then And if someone else comes in front then oh no. oh no. oh no. Whoever comes in front of me, I just have to kill him. Whoever comes in front of me, I just have to kill him. Whoever comes in front of me, I just have to kill him. Now we have to keep moving forward. Now we have to keep moving forward. Now we have to keep moving forward. Okay brother.  Let's complete you mission first. Okay brother.  Let's complete you mission first. Okay brother.  Let's complete you mission first. Then look at Aaka. Mom had insisted so much that you should tell me what to say. Mom had insisted so much that you should tell me what to say. Mom had insisted so much that you should tell me what to say. Okay, fine, call me today after 4:00, I would have Okay, fine, call me today after 4:00, I would have Okay, fine, call me today after 4:00, I would have seen it then what, what to do, call me at seen it then what, what to do, call me at seen it then what, what to do, call me at 4:00 today, he is at home, he is 4:00 today, he is at home, he is 4:00 today, he is at home, he is not at not at not at home, if not then he will go abroad, you are bothering me, do home, if not then he will go abroad, you are bothering me, do home, if not then he will go abroad, you are bothering me, do n't do it, Mummy, what kind of blast happened, who is it [Music] Madam, Madam, please tell me Madam, Bappa, Dina Sir Madam, Madam, please tell me Madam, Bappa, Dina Sir Madam, Madam, please tell me Madam, Bappa, Dina Sir is also unconscious, Sir, wake up [Music] No Sir, Dina Sir, is also unconscious, Sir, wake up [Music] No Sir, Dina Sir, is also unconscious, Sir, wake up [Music] No Sir, Dina Sir, what happened, Sir, Bappa, I am feeling very scared, I don't know what happened, Sir, Bappa, I am feeling very scared, I don't know what happened, Sir, Bappa, I am feeling very scared, I don't know which terrorist has entered here, which terrorist has entered here, which terrorist has entered here, Kailash Sir is here, Sir, wake up, Sir, he is also Kailash Sir is here, Sir, wake up, Sir, he is also Kailash Sir is here, Sir, wake up, Sir, he is also not saying anything, now where should we go, I am not saying anything, now where should we go, I am not saying anything, now where should we go, I am not able to understand anything not able to understand anything not able to understand anything Hey, look, search, no one should escape. Hey, look, search, no one should escape. Hey, look, search, no one should escape. Blow up whatever you find. Blow up whatever you find. Blow up whatever you find. Hey mom, I am coming this way.  What should we do now?   Please Hey mom, I am coming this way.  What should we do now?   Please Hey mom, I am coming this way.  What should we do now?   Please save me, God. save me, God. save me, God. Bhaijaan, here's the girl, she's hiding under the bench. Bhaijaan, here's the girl, she's hiding under the bench. Bhaijaan, here's the girl, she's hiding under the bench. Hey, what are you looking at?  Finish him off. Hey, what are you looking at?  Finish him off. Hey, what are you looking at?  Finish him off. Hey, my brain doesn't work.  Hi, she is Hey, my brain doesn't work.  Hi, she is Hey, my brain doesn't work.  Hi, she is my life.  Look brother, he doesn't have to do anything. my life.  Look brother, he doesn't have to do anything. my life.  Look brother, he doesn't have to do anything. You see, there is no one else around here. You see, there is no one else around here. You see, there is no one else around here. We look at this.   Please We look at this.   Please We look at this.   Please forgive us.  We don't forgive us.  We don't forgive us.  We don't know anything.  For what purpose have you come here know anything.  For what purpose have you come here know anything.  For what purpose have you come here ? ? ? Hey crazy, we will not do anything to you.  Come here. Hey crazy, we will not do anything to you.  Come here. Hey crazy, we will not do anything to you.  Come here. We love you very much. We love you very much. We love you very much. Hey brother, you can make love later. Hey brother, you can make love later. Hey brother, you can make love later. Try to get out of here first. Try to get out of here first. Try to get out of here first. Hey girl, come on, you won't do anything to us.   If you do Hey girl, come on, you won't do anything to us.   If you do Hey girl, come on, you won't do anything to us.   If you do too much, I will kill you here. too much, I will kill you here. too much, I will kill you here. [Music] Hey, [Music] Hey, [Music] Hey, where are you going, Gal ji, I asked Suruchiya, why do where are you going, Gal ji, I asked Suruchiya, why do n't you call your family, I will bring it at 4 o'clock, Khetwa, come and see, there is a lot of water in Rupa, everything is so bad that at first I felt as if God doesn't shower water, then why not blow it, blow it, n't you call your family, I will bring it at 4 o'clock, Khetwa, come and see, there is a lot of water in Rupa, everything is so bad that at first I felt as if God doesn't shower water, then why not blow it, blow it, n't you call your family, I will bring it at 4 o'clock, Khetwa, come and see, there is a lot of water in Rupa, everything is so bad that at first I felt as if God doesn't shower water, then why not blow it, blow it, come at 4 o'clock, come at 4 o'clock, come at 4 o'clock, yes, you have blown me, my corona will die, you are the one who blowed me, I yes, you have blown me, my corona will die, you are the one who blowed me, I yes, you have blown me, my corona will die, you are the one who blowed me, I asked, no, if you were there today, asked, no, if you were there today, asked, no, if you were there today, then you have called me tomorrow, yes, if you were then you have called me tomorrow, yes, if you were then you have called me tomorrow, yes, if you were not there today, now it is time, are you ready, not there today, now it is time, are you ready, not there today, now it is time, are you ready, daughters, you can come for the wedding, tomorrow, what will happen daughters, you can come for the wedding, tomorrow, what will happen daughters, you can come for the wedding, tomorrow, what will happen in one day, call me tomorrow, there is in one day, call me tomorrow, there is in one day, call me tomorrow, there is no time, yes, blow it today, I said no time, yes, blow it today, I said no time, yes, blow it today, I said in an hour, so look, it is very far, will I come on in an hour, so look, it is very far, will I come on in an hour, so look, it is very far, will I come on foot, I will come by car, as if I have foot, I will come by car, as if I have foot, I will come by car, as if I have n't walked for so long, after refusing, get n't walked for so long, after refusing, get n't walked for so long, after refusing, get ready, you are chubby, as if you have saved your hair, your head is shaved, is there ready, you are chubby, as if you have saved your hair, your head is shaved, is there ready, you are chubby, as if you have saved your hair, your head is shaved, is there any place to go, any place to go, any place to go, ok, bring yours, and ask, if you asked, ok, bring yours, and ask, if you asked, ok, bring yours, and ask, if you asked, call me, now say that you don't have time today  If it is call me, now say that you don't have time today  If it is call me, now say that you don't have time today  If it is forceful then there is no problem in telling me after a day forceful then there is no problem in telling me after a day forceful then there is no problem in telling me after a day Hey Bhaiya, leave Bhaiya, Bhaiya, where are Hey Bhaiya, leave Bhaiya, Bhaiya, where are Hey Bhaiya, leave Bhaiya, Bhaiya, where are you taking me, what is my fault, I am a simple you taking me, what is my fault, I am a simple you taking me, what is my fault, I am a simple teacher, what will you get by beating me, teacher, what will you get by beating me, teacher, what will you get by beating me, Bhaiya, Bhaiya, Bhaiya, stop being a beauty, Bhaiya, first of all stop being a beauty, Bhaiya, first of all stop being a beauty, Bhaiya, first of all Bhaiya, if you make me your husband, Bhaiya, if you make me your husband, Bhaiya, if you make me your husband, I will do something, if you just I will do something, if you just I will do something, if you just support me in my mission then I will make you a queen and take you to support me in my mission then I will make you a queen and take you to support me in my mission then I will make you a queen and take you to Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, what mission is it, tell me how can I what mission is it, tell me how can I what mission is it, tell me how can I help you, help you, help you, oh no oh no oh no Bhaiya, first of all if you snatch the mobile then get it switched off, otherwise you are a Bhaiya, first of all if you snatch the mobile then get it switched off, otherwise you are a Bhaiya, first of all if you snatch the mobile then get it switched off, otherwise you are a very smart girl, if you very smart girl, if you very smart girl, if you share the location then we will clearly know, no, no, share the location then we will clearly know, no, no, share the location then we will clearly know, no, no, we will not give the mobile, we will keep it as it is, we will we will not give the mobile, we will keep it as it is, we will we will not give the mobile, we will keep it as it is, we will not do anything. not do anything. not do anything. Why are you snatching the mobile from me? Why are you snatching the mobile from me? Why are you snatching the mobile from me? Hey my love, whether the mobile is with me or Hey my love, whether the mobile is with me or Hey my love, whether the mobile is with me or you, it is the same.  Nothing will happen to you. you, it is the same.  Nothing will happen to you. you, it is the same.  Nothing will happen to you. Why are you taking tension?  Come and give Why are you taking tension?  Come and give Why are you taking tension?  Come and give me the mobile.   No no, me the mobile.   No no, me the mobile.   No no, we will give it. we will give it. we will give it. Hey, don't tell me about this drama.  I saw Hey, don't tell me about this drama.  I saw Hey, don't tell me about this drama.  I saw someone visible far and wide.  Throw it someone visible far and wide.  Throw it someone visible far and wide.  Throw it under the hills, otherwise it will not fall under the hills, otherwise it will not fall under the hills, otherwise it will not fall from sight.  La silent molva. from sight.  La silent molva. from sight.  La silent molva. Okay, you guys can keep the mobile but please let me go, oh Okay, you guys can keep the mobile but please let me go, oh no, how can you go like this, you are my no, how can you go like this, you are my no, how can you go like this, you are my dear one, dear one, dear one, you will support me in my mission, okay you will support me in my mission, okay you will support me in my mission, okay tell me which minister is coming to your school, the tell me which minister is coming to your school, the tell me which minister is coming to your school, the education minister was supposed to come to our school today to education minister was supposed to come to our school today to education minister was supposed to come to our school today to participate in the flag hoisting programme, participate in the flag hoisting programme, participate in the flag hoisting programme, but why are you guys asking all this, that's all but why are you guys asking all this, that's all I will accept, I will accept, I will accept, Bhaijaan, the target should not be missed. Bhaijaan, the target should not be missed. Bhaijaan, the target should not be missed. Along with the child, the minister also has to be blown up. Along with the child, the minister also has to be blown up. Along with the child, the minister also has to be blown up. Hey brother, you are trapped in the web of love, Hey brother, you are trapped in the web of love, Hey brother, you are trapped in the web of love, so how will we succeed in our mission so how will we succeed in our mission so how will we succeed in our mission ?  The flag hoisting programme must have also started there. ?  The flag hoisting programme must have also started there. Hey girl, what time will the flag hoisting ceremony take place in your school Hey girl, what time will the flag hoisting ceremony take place in your school Hey girl, what time will the flag hoisting ceremony take place in your school ?  Tell me quickly. ?  Tell me quickly. ?  Tell me quickly. 9:00 pm? 9:00 pm? 9:00 pm? Hey, there is still half an hour left.  Hey, come on. Hey, there is still half an hour left.  Hey, come on. Hey, there is still half an hour left.  Hey, come on. Hey Bongadi, take care of this.  And if that [ __ ] Hey Bongadi, take care of this.  And if that [ __ ] Hey Bongadi, take care of this.  And if that [ __ ] even makes a noise then even makes a noise then even makes a noise then shoot her immediately, there is no compromise, we will shoot her immediately, there is no compromise, we will shoot her immediately, there is no compromise, we will come after arresting the minister, come after arresting the minister, come after arresting the minister, okay brother, we will take care of her, you all okay brother, we will take care of her, you all okay brother, we will take care of her, you all go, go, go, oh no, oh no, oh no, keep it, if she asks for the mobile then I will keep it, if she asks for the mobile then I will keep it, if she asks for the mobile then I will not give it to her at all, come on brother [laughs] okay wait, let's find a solution, but if she okay wait, let's find a solution, but if she okay wait, let's find a solution, but if she asks for the mobile then you have hit your sister hard.  Do you hit your sister hard.  Do you hit your sister hard.  Do you need something to study, madam, won't you drink water? need something to study, madam, won't you drink water? need something to study, madam, won't you drink water? What will you give us?  You people do What will you give us?  You people do What will you give us?  You people do n't have a heart in your chest.  A lonely helpless girl n't have a heart in your chest.  A lonely helpless girl n't have a heart in your chest.  A lonely helpless girl is standing in front of you and you are is standing in front of you and you are is standing in front of you and you are standing with a gun in your hand.  What do you think? standing with a gun in your hand.  What do you think? standing with a gun in your hand.  What do you think? What can we do alone?  They won't run away. What can we do alone?  They won't run away. What can we do alone?  They won't run away. Come a little closer.  I want to talk to you about something. Come a little closer.  I want to talk to you about something. Come a little closer.  I want to talk to you about something. Hey, why do you say this, madam?  We Hey, why do you say this, madam?  We Hey, why do you say this, madam?  We also have our heart in our chest but you have fallen in also have our heart in our chest but you have fallen in also have our heart in our chest but you have fallen in love with our brother above, so what love with our brother above, so what love with our brother above, so what can we do? can we do? can we do? But our heart goes out to you.  If you But our heart goes out to you.  If you But our heart goes out to you.  If you want, we both can become one.   This want, we both can become one.   This Bengali is crazy about your sister.  You don't get such an opportunity again and again. Bengali is crazy about your sister.  You don't get such an opportunity again and again. Bengali is crazy about your sister.  You don't get such an opportunity again and again. [ __ ] you brother.  Now you are my [ __ ] you brother.  Now you are my [ __ ] you brother.  Now you are my life.  Tell me what can we do life.  Tell me what can we do life.  Tell me what can we do for you? for you? for you? Look, we are ready to go with you Look, we are ready to go with you Look, we are ready to go with you and will even marry you.  But and will even marry you.  But and will even marry you.  But you will have to fulfill one wish of mine. you will have to fulfill one wish of mine. you will have to fulfill one wish of mine. Tell me what you wish for? Tell me what you wish for? Tell me what you wish for? Look, if you love me then Look, if you love me then Look, if you love me then marry me here and take me away, otherwise marry me here and take me away, otherwise marry me here and take me away, otherwise after going there your brother will claim rights over me. after going there your brother will claim rights over me. after going there your brother will claim rights over me. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Okay my love.  I will marry you right here.  Tell me Okay my love.  I will marry you right here.  Tell me Okay my love.  I will marry you right here.  Tell me how to do it? how to do it? how to do it? Look, if you want to get married immediately then you will have to Look, if you want to get married immediately then you will have to Look, if you want to get married immediately then you will have to bring two cow garlands and vermillion. bring two cow garlands and vermillion. bring two cow garlands and vermillion. So if there is a settlement somewhere around here, then go and get it from the shop. So if there is a settlement somewhere around here, then go and get it from the shop. Hey, you teach us wisdom.  Where should we Hey, you teach us wisdom.  Where should we Hey, you teach us wisdom.  Where should we go here?  You will run away. go here?  You will run away. go here?  You will run away. So do one thing.  We will bring it.  If you do So do one thing.  We will bring it.  If you do So do one thing.  We will bring it.  If you do n't believe it. n't believe it. n't believe it. Hey friend, you use your brain a lot. Hey friend, you use your brain a lot. Hey friend, you use your brain a lot. You will get out of this more easily. You will get out of this more easily. You will get out of this more easily. Oh no.  Why do you think so?  Will you Oh no.  Why do you think so?  Will you Oh no.  Why do you think so?  Will you keep our mobile?  How can I leave you and go away keep our mobile?  How can I leave you and go away keep our mobile?  How can I leave you and go away ?   No no, if ?   No no, if ?   No no, if you run away then we will steal your sister's you run away then we will steal your sister's you run away then we will steal your sister's mobile.  Bhaijaan mobile.  Bhaijaan mobile.  Bhaijaan will leave me.  If there is another solution, tell me.   If will leave me.  If there is another solution, tell me.   If will leave me.  If there is another solution, tell me.   If you are so scared then how will you take us to you are so scared then how will you take us to you are so scared then how will you take us to Pakistan?  Do one thing.  Please Pakistan?  Do one thing.  Please Pakistan?  Do one thing.  Please bring our mobile.  We will get the garland bring our mobile.  We will get the garland bring our mobile.  We will get the garland and vermillion from here.  I will do it and get married. and vermillion from here.  I will do it and get married. and vermillion from here.  I will do it and get married. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Yes, that's the right idea.  Here, call him. Hey brother, where did the Indian Army come from?   Come back, come back. Hey brother, where did the Indian Army come from?   Come back, come back. Hey, who told these people?  Now it Hey, who told these people?  Now it Hey, who told these people?  Now it seems that our mission will not be successful.   The seems that our mission will not be successful.   The seems that our mission will not be successful.   The minister will leave.  Come on, come on, let's go upstairs.  Let minister will leave.  Come on, come on, let's go upstairs.  Let minister will leave.  Come on, come on, let's go upstairs.  Let these people go. Hey look sir, he is running there on the hill. Hey look sir, he is running there on the hill. Hey look sir, he is running there on the hill. He even has a weapon in his hand. He even has a weapon in his hand. He even has a weapon in his hand. Everyone take your respective positions.  To Everyone take your respective positions.  To Everyone take your respective positions.  To fire as soon as the opportunity arises.  Why not, there are so many fire as soon as the opportunity arises.  Why not, there are so many fire as soon as the opportunity arises.  Why not, there are so many people in the mountains, be careful. Your mother's Pakistanis remind you today Your mother's Pakistanis remind you today Your mother's Pakistanis remind you today Nani Oh God, what happened sir, are you okay, that what happened sir, are you okay, that what happened sir, are you okay, that Pakistani of his mother's, he himself came back darling, hey you [ __ ], where are you running away where are you running away where are you running away ?  I will not leave you today. Come Jai Hind Sir.  Your mission was successful. Jai Hind Sir.  Your mission was successful. Jai Hind Sir.  Your mission was successful. All the terrorists were killed.  That is why we feel All the terrorists were killed.  That is why we feel All the terrorists were killed.  That is why we feel proud of our Indian Army.  Today proud of our Indian Army.  Today proud of our Indian Army.  Today you people have saved my life.  Along with this, the you people have saved my life.  Along with this, the lives of hundreds of children and the Education Minister have also been saved.  If you people were not there today, who knows lives of hundreds of children and the Education Minister have also been saved.  If you people were not there today, who knows lives of hundreds of children and the Education Minister have also been saved.  If you people were not there today, who knows how many people these people would have killed.   Long how many people these people would have killed.   Long how many people these people would have killed.   Long live Mother India. live Mother India. live Mother India. Vande Mataram Vande Mataram. Vande Mataram Vande Mataram. Vande Mataram Vande Mataram.