Hey brother, leave it [screaming voice] brother, where are you
taking me,
stop the beauty, first number brother, if
I become a wife then I will do nothing, you
just support me in the mission, then I will make you a queen and take
Pakistan,
your mother's Pakistanis, today I am reminding you of your grandmother, hey you [ __ ],
where are you running away,
you will not leave anything today,
come come
soldiers, today is 15th August. The whole country is celebrating.
But I have
received information from intelligence agencies. An intruder can
intrude at any time. Therefore, we have to always
remain in alert mood. Yes
sir.
Soldiers, if we receive any emergency message or
information, we have to be ready for action.
Any doubt?
No sir. We are ready. If
anyone has any doubt, please tell me.
No sir, there is no doubt. No matter how cunning the enemy of a mother is, he
cannot escape our sight. If we are
celebrating independence then
why is he having pain in his backside? Please
give us a chance to serve you once, sir. If I do
n't make him remember the milk of Chhathi then
my name is not Balwinder.
Yes sir, I swear by this uniform. If only
we could face these cowards once. If we do
n't tear the years into pieces then
our name is not Sukhwinder.
Well done soldiers, I also expected the same from you.
Now go and alert your battalion.
Hey, where were you going, son? You left so early today. Should I cook and
eat food or not? No papa, don't
eat, should I have eaten a little early in the morning today, the school is not the
principal sir Gosa ji,
today is school, so today is Sunday, today is a holiday,
how do I manage school that I have taught on Sunday,
no papa, today is Sunday but there is no holiday
in school, today is 15th August, so today
everyone hoisted the flag, I get jalebi from
there, I would have done all the preparations early in the morning, yes,
today is 15th August, so I should have
eaten something when I am hungry,
no
papa, today is a happy day, India is
celebrating the 80th year of independence, today
India got independence on this day in 1947, so today is a happy day, so I am
hungry, should have eaten after hoisting the flag, hey
son, the country got independence 70 years ago, but what is the use of such freedom when the
youth of the country come out on the streets to get their rights, get beaten with sticks, go on
hunger strike, hey, at
least we would have preferred slavery than such freedom We may show
respect and plead but the government does listen
and today's government is sitting in the house like a deaf and dumb
and sitting on the road.
Oh no,
see dad, I am a teacher, my job is to
educate and teach the people, not to form the government.
Choosing the government is in the hands of the government. And
in the election season, without thinking or thinking,
whoever gets liquor and chicken, goes and votes for it, and the
same power goes into the hands of the wrong government. So, if you start
playing with the future of the people, then you start
shouting that we are from the old
times, okay, friend, friends are not in the times,
friends are in humanity, so vote for such people and make them win.
Now the time will come to regret
when the bird misses the field.
Oh, if we have made a mistake, then it is okay son, at
least now it is the time to reform. What will happen by
just hoisting the flag on 15th August and distributing jalebis on 26th January? The
future of the country is still going in darkness.
Why should you worry dad, change so soon?
Now the times are such that the
youth have to move ahead, if they want to form a government then they have to
topple it too, okay, I will explain to you later, I was
going, I am late
[music] go ahead,
mother, take your hunger, go, hey, then you
interrupt from behind, why don't you see that you are going to
school,
I want to ask you that today is a holiday, then
why are you taking me to study, today is Sunday,
hey, it is Sunday, but today is 15th August, so the
flag is hoisted in school,
okay, school, so if I interrupt you, then why do you say that you are going, then why
interrupt you,
hey, when someone is going on a trip, you shouldn't interrupt from behind like this,
otherwise the work gets spoiled, if I make a
cup of tea, then
you are just doing a drama, it feels like you are being interrupted by your child,
how did you feel,
okay, go, make some tea, then
take it, give me some jalebi [laughs]
Kailash ji is sleeping, he is not sleeping at night, what did he do, he
played kabaddi all night or fought wrestling, hey, hey, at
night I was sleeping and today I got up, it was
15th August, so I would
not sleep, otherwise I would wake up before 7:00 am and start shouting
slogans from my head, I am not a
child, I am a child, it is the
tradition of our village, be it 26th
January or 15th August, no matter how
educated I am, I wake up early in the morning and shout
patriotic slogans and roam around the streets,
hearing that I broke down, yes my
sleep broke, then Principal
sahab would have stood in your place of the flag,
you have to go, Principal
sahab was so happy, okay then bring the colourful one,
take the rainbow colour one,
where did I bring it, did I bring a handkerchief,
madam, I have brought my chunni,
oh no,
madam, everyone is at home, look at the situation, I am
making rainbow and rangoli,
yes sir, I brought everything from home with my own jugaad I have come, I have bought
flower garlands, rainbow colored ones and I have
bought Rangoli maker,
I am fit for all my work.
Good morning sir. good Morning ma'am.
You all have come a long way today.
Good Morning. Good Morning. The
lady has come very well dressed today. Lest the enemy casts an evil eye on us.
Please be careful. [laughter]
Sir, do you guys also behave like this even though you are married
? It feels better than. The poor girl is
still a virgin. If you are not well dressed then
how will the groom like you?
So, is the flag hoisting ceremony going to be held or is the Swayamvara to be organised? Then the
Principal Sir should announce
what kind of boy is required.
Forget it Sir, he is joking. We have made all the preparations. It is
time for the boy to come. We have
prepared the flag-baandha (flying flag),
all the preparations are done. Now don't worry,
just let the Principal Sir come and we will do as he
says. The
Principal Sir will say anything. He had already
told me yesterday that you people should
prepare the flag-baandha before the boy comes.
Please make a rangoli. Please drop the lime.
Keep all the rainbow colored things ready.
So you guys are sitting.
Good morning sir.
Good Morning. Good Morning. You guys
sit here. Yes. I have come here to sit.
Go and prepare. Put the tricolor on them
, decorate them with rangoli, and apply lime.
When will you do all this? When the baby comes? We are going to the
Jalebi wala only.
No sir, please bring everything and get it ready. I will
come here only. You are late for your
work, as if we were waiting for the groom's side where the jaimala ceremony was going to take place. All of you go and do your work. From the road
till the gate, paint the entire area and
decorate the gate with a nice rangoli. The
flag should be erected before 8:00. We are going to the
confectioner's [laughs]
You are right. I am feeling fine with Chandla Goswa. If you
ask anything,
why are you sitting, then say why are you sitting like that. If you feel like cheating, even if you are cutting it, then what should
I do? Let's go,
madam. Go to your work. If you don't cut it, then cut it. If you don't cut it, then
cut it.
Oh, Lava, no, I will cut it. So go and get
ready and make the Lava Atva
Hello, yes, Mummy, say
yes, did you reach school well, son?
No problem, right? oh
no
yes there is problem in school or street food, I am going to Kochi, I am going to say
mummy
or god, goddess, how will I get my son,
I keep on eating all my life,
oh no
hello, she said mummy, is there something wrong, what did you say, no no
son, if you are not teaching me in the morning then
walk from behind, that's why bahuji scolded me, you stopped me on the
journey, if you are a shagun, then you
asked me to reach there safely, right,
mummy, who was living in a delusion, it means
that if someone stops me while I am walking then it becomes a shagun,
all this stopping is a very old
story, put all this out of your mind, if you are going to Kochi then
I will do my work, okay,
one thing son, please tell me, I have
seen a boy, so see, have you
called him, no, hey
mummy, if I don't get free from my work then I will
not go to see a boy, today is 15th August, keep me busy in my work, I will
talk to you later, if
daughter is busy then at least tell me that you have called me If
you had time, you could have told me
what this sister's thing is, friend, I have been eyeing her for a long time, we will
not let her go today,
what happened brother, is she very close to my heart, please
tell me then how will we do the blast,
oh no, no brother, we will not do the blast at all, we have to bring her at the
point of the rifle, she will
die in the blast,
brother, has it gone out of your mind, is it necessary to
take such a big risk for this girl,
you bring her here from the point of the rifle, everyone
sits and watches, she did one thing, all
three of you throw a bomb one by one, all of it in one go, the bastard sank it, yes,
you keep quiet, it is like that,
you are innocent, what do you want, we should settle down at home, we will take
only one secret in our hearts, take Pakistan and
look at it with one eye,
but brother, you should know what I have
said, that just like there will be flag hoisting in India,
you people have to drop bombs in the same way, they have to
change the cry of freedom into a cry for everyone, no matter how many Indians are killed,
we have no grief about it, but the same
Masoka also got wrapped up in the blast, so
where are you from, Sapna is in a haze, so what is
Suruchi ji doing, I have
told her the whole day that I will meet her after hoisting the flag,
oh no madam, it is not like that, I had called from home,
mom was saying that the boy's family is
coming today to see them, tell me, now who should we answer to these people,
we say say yes, you will say
why is it, firstly you are so beautiful and
look hot and the times are also bad.
Who knows when someone might get dirty on you
? That's why your mother is telling you the right thing.
We say that you should
say yes to the marriage and if possible,
meet the boy's family today itself after the flag hoisting ceremony. [MUSIC]
Look, she's doing it again.
Okay, okay, talk to him and finalize the marriage also.
We prepare for the
flag hoisting.
Hey listen, we have an idea. First
sneak into that building and
pick up the girl. After that we will explode.
And if someone else comes in front then
oh no.
Whoever comes in front of me, I just have to kill him.
Now we have to keep moving forward.
Okay brother. Let's complete you mission first.
Then look at Aaka.
Mom had insisted so much that you should tell me what to say.
Okay, fine, call me today after 4:00, I would have
seen it then what, what to do, call me at
4:00 today, he is at home, he is
not at
home, if not then he will go abroad, you are bothering me, do
n't do it,
Mummy, what kind of blast happened, who is it [Music]
Madam, Madam, please tell me Madam, Bappa, Dina Sir
is also unconscious, Sir, wake up [Music] No Sir, Dina Sir,
what happened, Sir, Bappa, I am feeling very scared, I don't know
which terrorist has entered here,
Kailash Sir is here, Sir, wake up, Sir, he is also
not saying anything, now where should we go, I am
not able to understand anything
Hey, look, search, no one should escape.
Blow up whatever you find.
Hey mom, I am coming this way. What should we do now? Please
save me, God.
Bhaijaan, here's the girl, she's hiding under the bench.
Hey, what are you looking at? Finish him off.
Hey, my brain doesn't work. Hi, she is
my life. Look brother, he doesn't have to do anything.
You see, there is no one else around here.
We look at this. Please
forgive us. We don't
know anything. For what purpose have you come here
?
Hey crazy, we will not do anything to you. Come here.
We love you very much.
Hey brother, you can make love later.
Try to get out of here first.
Hey girl, come on, you won't do anything to us. If you do
too much, I will kill you here.
[Music] Hey,
where are you going, Gal ji, I asked Suruchiya, why do
n't you call your family, I will bring it at 4 o'clock, Khetwa, come and see, there is a lot of water in Rupa, everything is so bad that at first I felt as if God doesn't shower water, then why not blow it, blow it,
come at 4 o'clock,
yes, you have blown me, my corona will die, you are the one who blowed me, I
asked, no, if you were there today,
then you have called me tomorrow, yes, if you were
not there today, now it is time, are you ready,
daughters, you can come for the wedding, tomorrow, what will happen
in one day, call me tomorrow, there is
no time, yes, blow it today, I said
in an hour, so look, it is very far, will I come on
foot, I will come by car, as if I have
n't walked for so long, after refusing, get
ready, you are chubby, as if you have saved your hair, your head is shaved, is there
any place to go,
ok, bring yours, and ask, if you asked,
call me, now say that you don't have time today If it is
forceful then there is no problem in telling me after a day
Hey Bhaiya, leave Bhaiya, Bhaiya, where are
you taking me, what is my fault, I am a simple
teacher, what will you get by beating me,
Bhaiya,
stop being a beauty, Bhaiya, first of all
Bhaiya, if you make me your husband,
I will do something, if you just
support me in my mission then I will make you a queen and take you to
Pakistan,
what mission is it, tell me how can I
help you,
oh no
Bhaiya, first of all if you snatch the mobile then get it switched off, otherwise you are a
very smart girl, if you
share the location then we will clearly know, no, no,
we will not give the mobile, we will keep it as it is, we will
not do anything.
Why are you snatching the mobile from me?
Hey my love, whether the mobile is with me or
you, it is the same. Nothing will happen to you.
Why are you taking tension? Come and give
me the mobile. No no,
we will give it.
Hey, don't tell me about this drama. I saw
someone visible far and wide. Throw it
under the hills, otherwise it will not fall
from sight. La silent molva.
Okay, you guys can keep the mobile but please let me go, oh
no, how can you go like this, you are my
dear one,
you will support me in my mission, okay
tell me which minister is coming to your school, the
education minister was supposed to come to our school today to
participate in the flag hoisting programme,
but why are you guys asking all this, that's all
I will accept,
Bhaijaan, the target should not be missed.
Along with the child, the minister also has to be blown up.
Hey brother, you are trapped in the web of love,
so how will we succeed in our mission
? The flag hoisting programme must have also started there.
Hey girl, what time will the flag hoisting ceremony take place in your school
? Tell me quickly.
9:00 pm?
Hey, there is still half an hour left. Hey, come on.
Hey Bongadi, take care of this. And if that [ __ ]
even makes a noise then
shoot her immediately, there is no compromise, we will
come after arresting the minister,
okay brother, we will take care of her, you all
go,
oh no,
keep it, if she asks for the mobile then I will
not give it to her at all, come on brother [laughs]
okay wait, let's find a solution, but if she
asks for the mobile then you have
hit your sister hard. Do you
need something to study, madam, won't you drink water?
What will you give us? You people do
n't have a heart in your chest. A lonely helpless girl
is standing in front of you and you are
standing with a gun in your hand. What do you think?
What can we do alone? They won't run away.
Come a little closer. I want to talk to you about something.
Hey, why do you say this, madam? We
also have our heart in our chest but you have fallen in
love with our brother above, so what
can we do?
But our heart goes out to you. If you
want, we both can become one. This
Bengali is crazy about your sister. You don't get such an opportunity again and again.
[ __ ] you brother. Now you are my
life. Tell me what can we do
for you?
Look, we are ready to go with you
and will even marry you. But
you will have to fulfill one wish of mine.
Tell me what you wish for?
Look, if you love me then
marry me here and take me away, otherwise
after going there your brother will claim rights over me.
Oh no.
Okay my love. I will marry you right here. Tell me
how to do it?
Look, if you want to get married immediately then you will have to
bring two cow garlands and vermillion.
So if there is a settlement somewhere around here, then go and get it from the shop.
Hey, you teach us wisdom. Where should we
go here? You will run away.
So do one thing. We will bring it. If you do
n't believe it.
Hey friend, you use your brain a lot.
You will get out of this more easily.
Oh no. Why do you think so? Will you
keep our mobile? How can I leave you and go away
? No no, if
you run away then we will steal your sister's
mobile. Bhaijaan
will leave me. If there is another solution, tell me. If
you are so scared then how will you take us to
Pakistan? Do one thing. Please
bring our mobile. We will get the garland
and vermillion from here. I will do it and get married.
Oh no.
Yes, that's the right idea. Here, call him.
Hey brother, where did the Indian Army come from? Come back, come back.
Hey, who told these people? Now it
seems that our mission will not be successful. The
minister will leave. Come on, come on, let's go upstairs. Let
these people go.
Hey look sir, he is running there on the hill.
He even has a weapon in his hand.
Everyone take your respective positions. To
fire as soon as the opportunity arises. Why not, there are so many
people in the mountains, be careful.
Your mother's Pakistanis remind you today
Nani Oh God,
what happened sir, are you okay, that
Pakistani of his mother's, he
himself came back darling, hey you [ __ ],
where are you running away
? I will not leave you today.
Come
Jai Hind Sir. Your mission was successful.
All the terrorists were killed. That is why we feel
proud of our Indian Army. Today
you people have saved my life. Along with this, the
lives of hundreds of children and the Education Minister have also been saved. If you people were not there today, who knows
how many people these people would have killed. Long
live Mother India.
Vande Mataram Vande Mataram.
