Wow. >> Oh, it's a hot night in Philadelphia. >> Yeah. What's up? What's up? What's up? Put your [\h__\h] Put your [\h__\h] Put your [\h__\h] >> back to Australia. James M. You guys are >> back to Australia. James M. You guys are >> back to Australia. James M. You guys are thrilled about America. thrilled about America. thrilled about America. >> I like that you can abbreviate it into >> I like that you can abbreviate it into >> I like that you can abbreviate it into one America. Just one sound, one America. Just one sound, one America. Just one sound, which I found out is this is America. which I found out is this is America. which I found out is this is America. There it's a full set cuz it sounds like There it's a full set cuz it sounds like There it's a full set cuz it sounds like it's just short for America, but it's it's just short for America, but it's it's just short for America, but it's short for this is America, short for this is America, short for this is America, which you shout which you shout which you shout a lot. I mean that you go to the Rose a lot. I mean that you go to the Rose a lot. I mean that you go to the Rose Bowl and there's a fighter jet going Bowl and there's a fighter jet going Bowl and there's a fighter jet going overhead and people go this is America overhead and people go this is America overhead and people go this is America America. It's like yes no one else is America. It's like yes no one else is America. It's like yes no one else is getting the military involved in getting the military involved in getting the military involved in collegiate sport. collegiate sport. collegiate sport. That is just you guys. That is just you guys. That is just you guys. But they say that everywhere like you go But they say that everywhere like you go But they say that everywhere like you go to England and they go to England and they go to England and they go for them it's a question. It's a sad for them it's a question. It's a sad for them it's a question. It's a sad question question question cuz I go I go I love England. They go cuz I go I go I love England. They go cuz I go I go I love England. They go English [\h__\h] I [\h__\h] hate England. English [\h__\h] I [\h__\h] hate England. English [\h__\h] I [\h__\h] hate England. It's all Muslims and crime. It's all Muslims and crime. It's all Muslims and crime. This is England. I can't believe I'm This is England. I can't believe I'm This is England. I can't believe I'm glad the queen is dead. glad the queen is dead. glad the queen is dead. So she don't have to live. I say what So she don't have to live. I say what So she don't have to live. I say what they they they say. We say it in Australia. We say this say. We say it in Australia. We say this say. We say it in Australia. We say this is Australian. is Australian. is Australian. We say it at Vietnamese people on the We say it at Vietnamese people on the We say it at Vietnamese people on the bus. We put this Australian. You better bus. We put this Australian. You better bus. We put this Australian. You better speak Australian if you're Australian. speak Australian if you're Australian. speak Australian if you're Australian. And that's not racist because it's our And that's not racist because it's our And that's not racist because it's our culture. culture. culture. Taking it away from us would be the Taking it away from us would be the Taking it away from us would be the racist. racist. racist. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, a lot of people say it. The Chinese say a lot of people say it. The Chinese say a lot of people say it. The Chinese say it. The Chinese love saying this is it. The Chinese love saying this is it. The Chinese love saying this is China. Yep. They sadly they keep saying China. Yep. They sadly they keep saying China. Yep. They sadly they keep saying it in places that are not China. it in places that are not China. it in places that are not China. They say it in Hong Kong. They say it in They say it in Hong Kong. They say it in They say it in Hong Kong. They say it in Tibet. They say it in parts of the sea. That joke was originally about Israel, That joke was originally about Israel, That joke was originally about Israel, but my manager asked me to make it about but my manager asked me to make it about but my manager asked me to make it about China for some reason. China for some reason. China for some reason. >> I don't know why. My manager, my >> I don't know why. My manager, my >> I don't know why. My manager, my accountant, my lawyer, my agent, accountant, my lawyer, my agent, accountant, my lawyer, my agent, everybody said, "I think that joke is a everybody said, "I think that joke is a everybody said, "I think that joke is a lot funnier if it's about China." lot funnier if it's about China." lot funnier if it's about China." I I'm just I'm trying to fit in. All I I'm just I'm trying to fit in. All I I'm just I'm trying to fit in. All right. right. right. There are You guys have to I'm not There are You guys have to I'm not There are You guys have to I'm not allowed to talk about Israel. You guys have a first amendment. And You guys have a first amendment. And You guys have a first amendment. And that's great. I'm here on a visa. I that's great. I'm here on a visa. I that's great. I'm here on a visa. I don't have one. don't have one. don't have one. And that's one of two things I'm not And that's one of two things I'm not And that's one of two things I'm not allowed to talk about. I also don't have allowed to talk about. I also don't have allowed to talk about. I also don't have a second amendment right. I'm not a second amendment right. I'm not a second amendment right. I'm not allowed to own a gun that the government allowed to own a gun that the government allowed to own a gun that the government knows about, but I am in Texas and it's knows about, but I am in Texas and it's knows about, but I am in Texas and it's so easy. Anyway, so easy. Anyway, so easy. Anyway, I do have a 13th amendment. I do have a 13th amendment. I do have a 13th amendment. I'm not allowed to own a slave, but the I'm not allowed to own a slave, but the I'm not allowed to own a slave, but the first two amendments first two amendments first two amendments No first amendment. There's there's No first amendment. There's there's No first amendment. There's there's generally two things I'm not allowed to generally two things I'm not allowed to generally two things I'm not allowed to talk about. One of them is criticizing talk about. One of them is criticizing talk about. One of them is criticizing Marco Rubio passed a thing that if you Marco Rubio passed a thing that if you Marco Rubio passed a thing that if you criticize Israel, you can lose your criticize Israel, you can lose your criticize Israel, you can lose your visa. I'm allowed to criticize America visa. I'm allowed to criticize America visa. I'm allowed to criticize America all I want. I am not. If I criticize all I want. I am not. If I criticize all I want. I am not. If I criticize Israel, I'm genuinely. But I wouldn't Israel, I'm genuinely. But I wouldn't Israel, I'm genuinely. But I wouldn't want to. What is there to What is there to What is there to complain about complain about complain about at all? genuinely too peaceful. That's all I would say. I too peaceful. That's all I would say. I too peaceful. That's all I would say. I listen I I love I That's the camera. I listen I I love I That's the camera. I listen I I love I That's the camera. I love Israel. I love it. I'm a big fan. love Israel. I love it. I'm a big fan. love Israel. I love it. I'm a big fan. Uh Uh Uh sir, what is the month? What is the sir, what is the month? What is the sir, what is the month? What is the month that comes after June? month that comes after June? month that comes after June? >> July. I would never say that, >> July. I would never say that, >> July. I would never say that, >> you know. I prefer to call that month >> you know. I prefer to call that month >> you know. I prefer to call that month Jew tell the truth. I think that's a Jew tell the truth. I think that's a Jew tell the truth. I think that's a better name for that month. better name for that month. better name for that month. I am sick of all the anti-Israel I am sick of all the anti-Israel I am sick of all the anti-Israel propaganda that I'm seeing. I saw a propaganda that I'm seeing. I saw a propaganda that I'm seeing. I saw a Facebook post where someone said Israel Facebook post where someone said Israel Facebook post where someone said Israel has killed or injured 50,000 children in has killed or injured 50,000 children in has killed or injured 50,000 children in Gaza. Gaza. Gaza. That's not fair. That's not fair. That's not fair. I've injured 12 children, I would say, I've injured 12 children, I would say, I've injured 12 children, I would say, in my life. something like 12 children in my life. something like 12 children in my life. something like 12 children as a child or through negligence as a as a child or through negligence as a as a child or through negligence as a father. I'd say I've injured father. I'd say I've injured father. I'd say I've injured there have been 12 child related there have been 12 child related there have been 12 child related injuries. I've killed zero children. But injuries. I've killed zero children. But injuries. I've killed zero children. But if you came out with a thing that said if you came out with a thing that said if you came out with a thing that said James McCann has killed or injured 12 James McCann has killed or injured 12 James McCann has killed or injured 12 children. While accurate, that would children. While accurate, that would children. While accurate, that would make me seem worse. So there'll be no more discussion of So there'll be no more discussion of So there'll be no more discussion of Israel. Israel. Israel. No, I am allowed to criticize America, but I I am allowed to criticize America, but I I am allowed to criticize America, but I don't want to cuz I love it here so don't want to cuz I love it here so don't want to cuz I love it here so much. It's It's been so good to me. I've much. It's It's been so good to me. I've much. It's It's been so good to me. I've even got a favorite school shooting. And even got a favorite school shooting. And even got a favorite school shooting. And uh uh uh I don't know about you guys. I don't I don't know about you guys. I don't I don't know about you guys. I don't know if you guys have a favorite school know if you guys have a favorite school know if you guys have a favorite school shooting if you're just waiting to see what the if you're just waiting to see what the if you're just waiting to see what the new year brings. I don't uh new year brings. I don't uh new year brings. I don't uh Well, I'll tell you about my favorite Well, I'll tell you about my favorite Well, I'll tell you about my favorite school shooting. It was a girl who did school shooting. It was a girl who did school shooting. It was a girl who did it, which is rare. it, which is rare. it, which is rare. >> All right, the vibe is shifted. >> All right, the vibe is shifted. >> All right, the vibe is shifted. I'll play a song. I'll play a song while I'll play a song. I'll play a song while I'll play a song. I'll play a song while I describe my favorite. All right. Can you hear? So, this girl goes to Can you hear? So, this girl goes to Can you hear? So, this girl goes to school with a I think it's a revolver. school with a I think it's a revolver. school with a I think it's a revolver. She gets six shots. She unloads them She gets six shots. She unloads them She gets six shots. She unloads them into her teacher and her classmates. She missed everybody. That's my favorite She missed everybody. That's my favorite She missed everybody. That's my favorite bit about it. She missed everybody. She bit about it. She missed everybody. She bit about it. She missed everybody. She hit the walls. She hit a desk. I don't hit the walls. She hit a desk. I don't hit the walls. She hit a desk. I don't know if she heard school shooting and know if she heard school shooting and know if she heard school shooting and she thought, "I'm going to go and shoot she thought, "I'm going to go and shoot she thought, "I'm going to go and shoot the school." But worst thing that happened was a splinter worst thing that happened was a splinter worst thing that happened was a splinter came off a table and hit a teacher in came off a table and hit a teacher in came off a table and hit a teacher in the hand. I swear. Isn't that great? Isn't that great? Isn't that great? She didn't even save a bullet for She didn't even save a bullet for She didn't even save a bullet for herself. herself. herself. That's school shooter 101. She went bang That's school shooter 101. She went bang That's school shooter 101. She went bang bang bang bang bang bang click click. I want to be the policeman going in to I want to be the policeman going in to I want to be the policeman going in to get her after kick down the door. Hey, >> you got to apologize to these people. >> you got to apologize to these people. >> you got to apologize to these people. You got I can't remember if that really happened I can't remember if that really happened I can't remember if that really happened or if it's a dream that I had. Second thing I'm not meant to talk about Second thing I'm not meant to talk about Second thing I'm not meant to talk about is black people. I uh I've noticed that is black people. I uh I've noticed that is black people. I uh I've noticed that that doesn't work out for the whites that doesn't work out for the whites that doesn't work out for the whites ever. There's never like a news story on ever. There's never like a news story on ever. There's never like a news story on CNN where it's like a white guy has CNN where it's like a white guy has CNN where it's like a white guy has spoken on black America and he's really spoken on black America and he's really spoken on black America and he's really hit the nail on the head. We're all hit the nail on the head. We're all hit the nail on the head. We're all thrilled with what he said and genuinely thrilled with what he said and genuinely thrilled with what he said and genuinely that could tarnish my visa. These are that could tarnish my visa. These are that could tarnish my visa. These are the only two things that I think could the only two things that I think could the only two things that I think could hurt my You would think there would be more, but You would think there would be more, but You would think there would be more, but I I think genuinely I've got it down to I I think genuinely I've got it down to I I think genuinely I've got it down to those two. If you I mean any racial hate those two. If you I mean any racial hate those two. If you I mean any racial hate gets me out. Uh so we'll be a bit gets me out. Uh so we'll be a bit gets me out. Uh so we'll be a bit careful. The uh like when you're trying careful. The uh like when you're trying careful. The uh like when you're trying to get into America, there's a list of to get into America, there's a list of to get into America, there's a list of crimes that you can't have committed if crimes that you can't have committed if crimes that you can't have committed if you want to come into America with a you want to come into America with a you want to come into America with a visa. And it's like murder and you go, visa. And it's like murder and you go, visa. And it's like murder and you go, that's fine. You know, I haven't done that's fine. You know, I haven't done that's fine. You know, I haven't done that. But they'll go like, you know, if that. But they'll go like, you know, if that. But they'll go like, you know, if you do a murder, you'll never get an you do a murder, you'll never get an you do a murder, you'll never get an office job in America. You got to walk office job in America. You got to walk office job in America. You got to walk across that border like everybody else. across that border like everybody else. across that border like everybody else. But then there's a secondary list of But then there's a secondary list of But then there's a secondary list of crimes. crimes. crimes. And they're crimes that you can have And they're crimes that you can have And they're crimes that you can have committed unless you've done them as a committed unless you've done them as a committed unless you've done them as a hate crime somehow. So an assault, fine, hate crime somehow. So an assault, fine, hate crime somehow. So an assault, fine, hate crime, assault, very bad. And some hate crime, assault, very bad. And some hate crime, assault, very bad. And some of that, some of that's all right. But of that, some of that's all right. But of that, some of that's all right. But then I'm looking at it going, "How do I then I'm looking at it going, "How do I then I'm looking at it going, "How do I do a racially motivated drink driving? do a racially motivated drink driving? do a racially motivated drink driving? What steps do I actually have to take to What steps do I actually have to take to What steps do I actually have to take to get that done? I got to go to a 7-Eleven get that done? I got to go to a 7-Eleven get that done? I got to go to a 7-Eleven and give me give me nine fireballs and and give me give me nine fireballs and and give me give me nine fireballs and directions to West Philadelphia, please. directions to West Philadelphia, please. directions to West Philadelphia, please. I can see no way to do it. I can see no way to do it. I can see no way to do it. I have no interest in talking about the I have no interest in talking about the I have no interest in talking about the state of Israel or African-Ameans, state of Israel or African-Ameans, state of Israel or African-Ameans, but the fact that I'm not allowed to do but the fact that I'm not allowed to do but the fact that I'm not allowed to do it really makes me want to. And when I it really makes me want to. And when I it really makes me want to. And when I was young, that was like a that felt was young, that was like a that felt was young, that was like a that felt like a good attribute. They can't tell like a good attribute. They can't tell like a good attribute. They can't tell me what to say. I'm going to say me what to say. I'm going to say me what to say. I'm going to say whatever I want to say. And as I get whatever I want to say. And as I get whatever I want to say. And as I get older, it's just a big liability that older, it's just a big liability that older, it's just a big liability that stops people hanging out with me in stops people hanging out with me in stops people hanging out with me in groups. groups. groups. I was I was backstage and Alpuccino's I was I was backstage and Alpuccino's I was I was backstage and Alpuccino's baby mama was there for some reason. The baby mama was there for some reason. The baby mama was there for some reason. The mother of Alpuccino's child, it's a mother of Alpuccino's child, it's a mother of Alpuccino's child, it's a circle, me and some friends, and the circle, me and some friends, and the circle, me and some friends, and the mother of Alpuccino's she's young and mother of Alpuccino's she's young and mother of Alpuccino's she's young and he's Aluccino. He's a very old man. And he's Aluccino. He's a very old man. And he's Aluccino. He's a very old man. And someone says, "This is Alpuccino's the someone says, "This is Alpuccino's the someone says, "This is Alpuccino's the mother of his child." And another friend mother of his child." And another friend mother of his child." And another friend grabbed me by the arm and walked me grabbed me by the arm and walked me grabbed me by the arm and walked me away. away. away. I said, "I didn't do anything wrong." He I said, "I didn't do anything wrong." He I said, "I didn't do anything wrong." He said, "I think you were going to. I'm said, "I think you were going to. I'm said, "I think you were going to. I'm not sure, but it felt like you were not sure, but it felt like you were not sure, but it felt like you were going to ask some inappropriate going to ask some inappropriate going to ask some inappropriate questions." And I was going to ask if questions." And I was going to ask if questions." And I was going to ask if the baby seemed unusually wise, but uh the baby seemed unusually wise, but uh the baby seemed unusually wise, but uh so I will not talk about black people so I will not talk about black people so I will not talk about black people and I will not talk about Israel. All right. Here's a big problem with All right. Here's a big problem with All right. Here's a big problem with Israel, as far as I can. You've got to Israel, as far as I can. You've got to Israel, as far as I can. You've got to kill a lot of innocent people to build a kill a lot of innocent people to build a kill a lot of innocent people to build a country. >> I'm sorry. Have you forgotten? That's the only way to do it. You've A That's the only way to do it. You've A That's the only way to do it. You've A lot of innocent people have to die. If lot of innocent people have to die. If lot of innocent people have to die. If you're going You guys did it. You never you're going You guys did it. You never you're going You guys did it. You never talk about it because you did a lot of talk about it because you did a lot of talk about it because you did a lot of slavery afterwards and you really want slavery afterwards and you really want slavery afterwards and you really want to focus on the slavery. I get it. to focus on the slavery. I get it. to focus on the slavery. I get it. It's you can focus on one thing at a It's you can focus on one thing at a It's you can focus on one thing at a time and that's bigger for you. I get time and that's bigger for you. I get time and that's bigger for you. I get it. Canada didn't do the slavery. They it. Canada didn't do the slavery. They it. Canada didn't do the slavery. They can't stop going on about stealing the can't stop going on about stealing the can't stop going on about stealing the land. But land. But land. But you guys did the slavery. You got to you guys did the slavery. You got to you guys did the slavery. You got to work through that. It's like you've gone work through that. It's like you've gone work through that. It's like you've gone to a house party and [\h__\h] your pants and to a house party and [\h__\h] your pants and to a house party and [\h__\h] your pants and then punched somebody in the throat, you then punched somebody in the throat, you then punched somebody in the throat, you know, and afterwards everybody goes, know, and afterwards everybody goes, know, and afterwards everybody goes, "Oh, he punched that guy in the throat. "Oh, he punched that guy in the throat. "Oh, he punched that guy in the throat. That's terrible." But it's going to take That's terrible." But it's going to take That's terrible." But it's going to take a while before people start going, "I a while before people start going, "I a while before people start going, "I think he [\h__\h] his pants." Got to work think he [\h__\h] his pants." Got to work think he [\h__\h] his pants." Got to work backwards through it. backwards through it. backwards through it. People have to. People have to. People have to. Those were the rules Those were the rules Those were the rules for all of human history. The rules were for all of human history. The rules were for all of human history. The rules were we kill you, we take it. Goodbye. Don't we kill you, we take it. Goodbye. Don't we kill you, we take it. Goodbye. Don't the ones who are left, if you complain, the ones who are left, if you complain, the ones who are left, if you complain, we're going to kill you, too. You guys messed that up for everybody. I You guys messed that up for everybody. I You guys messed that up for everybody. I can criticize America. You guys are the can criticize America. You guys are the can criticize America. You guys are the real problem here. After World War II, real problem here. After World War II, real problem here. After World War II, you had the bomb. No one else had the you had the bomb. No one else had the you had the bomb. No one else had the bomb. You said, "Time out. These lines bomb. You said, "Time out. These lines bomb. You said, "Time out. These lines on the map are beautiful. We're going to on the map are beautiful. We're going to on the map are beautiful. We're going to keep them exactly as they are." All keep them exactly as they are." All keep them exactly as they are." All right. cuz you had the best lines. You right. cuz you had the best lines. You right. cuz you had the best lines. You didn't want to [\h__\h] with your lines at didn't want to [\h__\h] with your lines at didn't want to [\h__\h] with your lines at all. You You're not going to fill up all. You You're not going to fill up all. You You're not going to fill up Wyoming with suburbs for a thousand Wyoming with suburbs for a thousand Wyoming with suburbs for a thousand years. You were very happy to say, years. You were very happy to say, years. You were very happy to say, "Whoa, time out. These are the lines. "Whoa, time out. These are the lines. "Whoa, time out. These are the lines. Time back in. Israel exists. Time out Time back in. Israel exists. Time out Time back in. Israel exists. Time out again." All right. Now that we've made again." All right. Now that we've made again." All right. Now that we've made that one correction, this new rule about that one correction, this new rule about that one correction, this new rule about where the lines are. That has never been where the lines are. That has never been where the lines are. That has never been the case ever at any point in all of the case ever at any point in all of the case ever at any point in all of humanity. All right. Black people. Now the no I I All right. Black people. Now the no I I All right. Black people. Now the no I I do want to get to the do want to get to the do want to get to the you you deserve credit for this as a you you deserve credit for this as a you you deserve credit for this as a country is that like for four years country is that like for four years country is that like for four years you've had the nuclear bomb and you you've had the nuclear bomb and you you've had the nuclear bomb and you didn't do anything with other than the didn't do anything with other than the didn't do anything with other than the first couple of times you okay you got first couple of times you okay you got first couple of times you okay you got it and you used it twice and then you it and you used it twice and then you it and you used it twice and then you said no one's ever using these again. said no one's ever using these again. said no one's ever using these again. People said didn't you guys just use People said didn't you guys just use People said didn't you guys just use them? You're like, "Yeah, we were them? You're like, "Yeah, we were them? You're like, "Yeah, we were excited to get them, but now that we're excited to get them, but now that we're excited to get them, but now that we're more of a do as I say, not as I explode more of a do as I say, not as I explode more of a do as I say, not as I explode type of nation. Now that I've got them, type of nation. Now that I've got them, type of nation. Now that I've got them, we're just going to have peace we're just going to have peace we're just going to have peace everywhere." More or less. Basically, everywhere." More or less. Basically, everywhere." More or less. Basically, peace. That's incredible. You were the peace. That's incredible. You were the peace. That's incredible. You were the only nuclear power. No one could [\h__\h] only nuclear power. No one could [\h__\h] only nuclear power. No one could [\h__\h] with you. And that's what you went with. with you. And that's what you went with. with you. And that's what you went with. No one else would have done that. Give No one else would have done that. Give No one else would have done that. Give yourselves a pat on the back for that. yourselves a pat on the back for that. yourselves a pat on the back for that. If I was the prime minister of Australia If I was the prime minister of Australia If I was the prime minister of Australia and we got the nuke, I would have been and we got the nuke, I would have been and we got the nuke, I would have been going crazy. I would I would have been going crazy. I would I would have been going crazy. I would I would have been there with a megaphone going, "Hey, there with a megaphone going, "Hey, there with a megaphone going, "Hey, Spain, Spain, Spain, put hats on the dogs. Spain, I want put hats on the dogs. Spain, I want put hats on the dogs. Spain, I want photos. photos. photos. I want every dog to have a hat in I want every dog to have a hat in I want every dog to have a hat in Spain." All right, Thailand, send over a Spain." All right, Thailand, send over a Spain." All right, Thailand, send over a million hot women. They have to be million hot women. They have to be million hot women. They have to be women. They have to be real women. Don't women. They have to be real women. Don't women. They have to be real women. Don't try and trick us. Example try and trick us. Example try and trick us. Example number three. Third thing. Do you know number three. Third thing. Do you know number three. Third thing. Do you know what I'm saying? what I'm saying? what I'm saying? All right. Now, I'm a big fan of black people. I don't I'm a big fan of black people. I don't I'm a big fan of black people. I don't know how many I've managed to bring out know how many I've managed to bring out know how many I've managed to bring out to my show. This is a very fractured to my show. This is a very fractured to my show. This is a very fractured media landscape, media landscape, media landscape, but I like it. It's new to me. I'm not but I like it. It's new to me. I'm not but I like it. It's new to me. I'm not from a country that has black people. from a country that has black people. from a country that has black people. That's entirely That's entirely That's entirely We have Aboriginal people and we have We have Aboriginal people and we have We have Aboriginal people and we have African people, but we have no soul African people, but we have no soul African people, but we have no soul power. Do you understand? power. Do you understand? power. Do you understand? >> I'm from an all-white country. If you're >> I'm from an all-white country. If you're >> I'm from an all-white country. If you're on a flight in Australia and there's a on a flight in Australia and there's a on a flight in Australia and there's a bumpy landing, everybody's silent. People that say nothing and they got People that say nothing and they got People that say nothing and they got their hands crossed and they're anxious their hands crossed and they're anxious their hands crossed and they're anxious and they're scared and then you just and they're scared and then you just and they're scared and then you just carry that nervous tension around with carry that nervous tension around with carry that nervous tension around with you for like a week. In America, if there is a bumpy landing, In America, if there is a bumpy landing, In America, if there is a bumpy landing, there will be a black guy on the flight there will be a black guy on the flight there will be a black guy on the flight and he's going to go, "Oh." And you know and he's going to go, "Oh." And you know and he's going to go, "Oh." And you know what? Genuinely, thank you for saying what? Genuinely, thank you for saying what? Genuinely, thank you for saying that out loud. You've helped us all work that out loud. You've helped us all work that out loud. You've helped us all work through the tension together. I believe through the tension together. I believe through the tension together. I believe that's called keeping it real. And I'm a that's called keeping it real. And I'm a that's called keeping it real. And I'm a big fan of it. big fan of it. big fan of it. I had my first conversation with a black I had my first conversation with a black I had my first conversation with a black woman in February last year. woman in February last year. woman in February last year. I had met a couple of black guys before I had met a couple of black guys before I had met a couple of black guys before because not everyone's good enough to because not everyone's good enough to because not everyone's good enough to play in the NBA. And we send our scouts play in the NBA. And we send our scouts play in the NBA. And we send our scouts out to your colleges and we say, "Did out to your colleges and we say, "Did out to your colleges and we say, "Did you want to come and dunk on some honks you want to come and dunk on some honks you want to come and dunk on some honks for a year?" And uh every team in for a year?" And uh every team in for a year?" And uh every team in Australia is allowed to have one Australia is allowed to have one Australia is allowed to have one American. It's always a black guy. Every time it's It's always a black guy. Every time it's It's always a black guy. Every time it's We've never once got a gangly boy from We've never once got a gangly boy from We've never once got a gangly boy from Utah to come out. It's never an Eastern Utah to come out. It's never an Eastern Utah to come out. It's never an Eastern European guy. It's always a black guy. European guy. It's always a black guy. European guy. It's always a black guy. And I get to meet my first first real And I get to meet my first first real And I get to meet my first first real conversation with a black lady. It was I conversation with a black lady. It was I conversation with a black lady. It was I was in West Virginia at a Taco Bell. was in West Virginia at a Taco Bell. was in West Virginia at a Taco Bell. I didn't know what parts of the country I didn't know what parts of the country I didn't know what parts of the country were important to visit first. were important to visit first. were important to visit first. It's not there. It's not there. It's not there. Yeah, it's almost heaven, West Virginia. Yeah, it's almost heaven, West Virginia. Yeah, it's almost heaven, West Virginia. Almost doing a lot of the heavy lifting Almost doing a lot of the heavy lifting Almost doing a lot of the heavy lifting in that. in that. in that. It's purgatory. Everybody, I was I went to the I was Everybody, I was I went to the I was Everybody, I was I went to the I was buying my Doritos tacos so I could feel buying my Doritos tacos so I could feel buying my Doritos tacos so I could feel a little less suicidal. a little less suicidal. a little less suicidal. You know how it is. And I came around to You know how it is. And I came around to You know how it is. And I came around to the intercom and everybody was like the intercom and everybody was like the intercom and everybody was like eight people gathered around the eight people gathered around the eight people gathered around the intercom laughing at my accent. I don't intercom laughing at my accent. I don't intercom laughing at my accent. I don't think anyone from outside of this think anyone from outside of this think anyone from outside of this country had ever been to this West country had ever been to this West country had ever been to this West Virginia Taco Bell. I don't know what Virginia Taco Bell. I don't know what Virginia Taco Bell. I don't know what would bring them there. Anyway, I don't would bring them there. Anyway, I don't would bring them there. Anyway, I don't know what I It's a long story. I got to know what I It's a long story. I got to know what I It's a long story. I got to the first window. There was a lady the first window. There was a lady the first window. There was a lady there. She said, "Where are you from?" I there. She said, "Where are you from?" I there. She said, "Where are you from?" I said, "I'm from Australia." And then to said, "I'm from Australia." And then to said, "I'm from Australia." And then to be cheeky, I said, "Are you from be cheeky, I said, "Are you from be cheeky, I said, "Are you from Australia?" Australia?" Australia?" And she said, "I'm black. Do they treat black people nicely in Do they treat black people nicely in Do they treat black people nicely in Australia?" And I said, "No." And I Australia?" And I said, "No." And I Australia?" And I said, "No." And I drove on to the next window. I was not drove on to the next window. I was not drove on to the next window. I was not ready to have a full civics ready to have a full civics ready to have a full civics conversation. conversation. conversation. You tap and you go. You tap and you go. You tap and you go. I just sat at the next window feeling I just sat at the next window feeling I just sat at the next window feeling very sad and embarrassed. very sad and embarrassed. very sad and embarrassed. And then I was more embarrassed when she And then I was more embarrassed when she And then I was more embarrassed when she appeared at the second window, which was appeared at the second window, which was appeared at the second window, which was not her job. She had left. She had taken not her job. She had left. She had taken not her job. She had left. She had taken the headset off, walked the full length the headset off, walked the full length the headset off, walked the full length of the Taco Bell, leaned across of the Taco Bell, leaned across of the Taco Bell, leaned across somebody, and said, "You really got a somebody, and said, "You really got a somebody, and said, "You really got a problem with black people in Australia, problem with black people in Australia, problem with black people in Australia, and I I said, "Listen, I I love black and I I said, "Listen, I I love black and I I said, "Listen, I I love black people, I think. Uh, this is about people, I think. Uh, this is about people, I think. Uh, this is about number four that I've ever my entire number four that I've ever my entire number four that I've ever my entire life, but I'm a big fan." life, but I'm a big fan." life, but I'm a big fan." I was trying to say my country has a I was trying to say my country has a I was trying to say my country has a problem. And she said, "Oh, well, that's problem. And she said, "Oh, well, that's problem. And she said, "Oh, well, that's what's up." and she gave me a fist bump what's up." and she gave me a fist bump what's up." and she gave me a fist bump and it was the happiest day of my whole and it was the happiest day of my whole and it was the happiest day of my whole life. I've honestly never been so life. I've honestly never been so life. I've honestly never been so thrilled. I've joined the team. I'm an thrilled. I've joined the team. I'm an thrilled. I've joined the team. I'm an ally. ally. ally. I started smoking menthol cigarettes. I I started smoking menthol cigarettes. I I started smoking menthol cigarettes. I took it. took it. took it. Bill Cosby didn't do it. Bill Cosby didn't do it. Bill Cosby didn't do it. He was a good man brought down by some He was a good man brought down by some He was a good man brought down by some people I'm unable to speak about right people I'm unable to speak about right people I'm unable to speak about right now. We love Bill. We love Bill. We love Bill. Well, the love for Bill goes hard out Well, the love for Bill goes hard out Well, the love for Bill goes hard out here in Philadelphia to this day. here in Philadelphia to this day. here in Philadelphia to this day. Does women's happiness was a small price Does women's happiness was a small price Does women's happiness was a small price to pay. to pay. to pay. >> No, he definitely did. The uh >> No, he definitely did. The uh >> No, he definitely did. The uh I am genuinely a big Kanye fan though. I am genuinely a big Kanye fan though. I am genuinely a big Kanye fan though. I'm I really I'm I really I'm I really >> Not the music, just the politics. I love >> Not the music, just the politics. I love >> Not the music, just the politics. I love Kanye. And by the way, by the way, not Kanye. And by the way, by the way, not Kanye. And by the way, by the way, not the anti-semitism. The anti-semitism I the anti-semitism. The anti-semitism I the anti-semitism. The anti-semitism I disapprove of entirely. the disapprove of entirely. the disapprove of entirely. the anti-abortion stuff 100% of the way with anti-abortion stuff 100% of the way with anti-abortion stuff 100% of the way with Kanye. Listen, we don't have to talk Kanye. Listen, we don't have to talk Kanye. Listen, we don't have to talk about that either. I shouldn't talk about that either. I shouldn't talk about that either. I shouldn't talk about that either. There's a couple more about that either. There's a couple more about that either. There's a couple more things I shouldn't talk anyway. We'll things I shouldn't talk anyway. We'll things I shouldn't talk anyway. We'll get to that potentially in the get to that potentially in the get to that potentially in the >> I love Kanye. I'm such a I'm a big Kanye >> I love Kanye. I'm such a I'm a big Kanye >> I love Kanye. I'm such a I'm a big Kanye defender. When he came out the first defender. When he came out the first defender. When he came out the first time and said he loved Hitler, I was time and said he loved Hitler, I was time and said he loved Hitler, I was defending him that day. I said he only defending him that day. I said he only defending him that day. I said he only said that because he's a Christian and said that because he's a Christian and said that because he's a Christian and he loves everybody, even Hitler. And he loves everybody, even Hitler. And he loves everybody, even Hitler. And that's a good Christian. That's what we're all called to do as That's what we're all called to do as That's what we're all called to do as Christian. Loving each other here this Christian. Loving each other here this Christian. Loving each other here this evening. That is entry levelvel evening. That is entry levelvel evening. That is entry levelvel Christianity. Kanye loving Hitler. Christianity. Kanye loving Hitler. Christianity. Kanye loving Hitler. That's advanced. That's advanced. That's advanced. He's brought himself to love even He's brought himself to love even He's brought himself to love even Hitler. Hitler. Hitler. This is saintly behavior. This is saintly behavior. This is saintly behavior. And then Kanye came out shortly after And then Kanye came out shortly after And then Kanye came out shortly after that and said he also really liked that and said he also really liked that and said he also really liked Hitler. And I I thought, Hitler. And I I thought, Hitler. And I I thought, "No, that's ever so much worse. Kanye likes Hitler." I don't know if Kanye likes Hitler." I don't know if Kanye likes Hitler." I don't know if Hitler would like Kanye. I've been uh Hitler would like Kanye. I've been uh Hitler would like Kanye. I've been uh I suspect he would not. But I could be I suspect he would not. But I could be I suspect he would not. But I could be right. I mean, I could be. Maybe Hitler right. I mean, I could be. Maybe Hitler right. I mean, I could be. Maybe Hitler would love Kanye. Hitler would Hitler would love Kanye. Hitler would Hitler would love Kanye. Hitler would Hitler like, "Wow, you're so cool. I love you. like, "Wow, you're so cool. I love you. like, "Wow, you're so cool. I love you. I love the jungle music and the I love I love the jungle music and the I love I love the jungle music and the I love the future shoes, the future shoes, the future shoes, which I'm a big fan of your ex-wife with which I'm a big fan of your ex-wife with which I'm a big fan of your ex-wife with the big fat ass. the big fat ass. the big fat ass. You know, that's a gas chamber we can You know, that's a gas chamber we can You know, that's a gas chamber we can all get behind. I do believe all get behind. I do believe all get behind. I do believe I could that could go on for too long. I could that could go on for too long. I could that could go on for too long. We better pull out of that immediately. We better pull out of that immediately. We better pull out of that immediately. >> I'll tell you about my favorite ever >> I'll tell you about my favorite ever >> I'll tell you about my favorite ever Kanye West lyric. Kanye West lyric. Kanye West lyric. Favorite Kanye lyric of all time is when Favorite Kanye lyric of all time is when Favorite Kanye lyric of all time is when I go raw, I like to leave it in. I go raw, I like to leave it in. I go raw, I like to leave it in. You may know a thing or two about the You may know a thing or two about the You may know a thing or two about the When I go raw, I like to leave it in. We When I go raw, I like to leave it in. We When I go raw, I like to leave it in. We do. We all know what that means. do. We all know what that means. do. We all know what that means. >> No condom and you ejaculate in the >> No condom and you ejaculate in the >> No condom and you ejaculate in the >> It's the only way to do it. That's what >> It's the only way to do it. That's what >> It's the only way to do it. That's what I It sounds dirty. It's not. That's one I It sounds dirty. It's not. That's one I It sounds dirty. It's not. That's one of the few rap lyrics you could play to of the few rap lyrics you could play to of the few rap lyrics you could play to the Pope, you know? and he could hear the Pope, you know? and he could hear the Pope, you know? and he could hear that and he'd go, "Yeah, that and he'd go, "Yeah, that and he'd go, "Yeah, that's how we've been telling people to that's how we've been telling people to that's how we've been telling people to do it for a long time." do it for a long time." do it for a long time." I'm so glad a fellow Chicago Southsider I'm so glad a fellow Chicago Southsider I'm so glad a fellow Chicago Southsider is spreading the good word is spreading the good word is spreading the good word about going raw and leaving it in. about going raw and leaving it in. about going raw and leaving it in. It's the only way to do it. It's the It's the only way to do it. It's the It's the only way to do it. It's the It's the only. If you got a friend who's depressed, you If you got a friend who's depressed, you If you got a friend who's depressed, you say, "Have you tried going raw and say, "Have you tried going raw and say, "Have you tried going raw and leaving it in because I think you'll be leaving it in because I think you'll be leaving it in because I think you'll be thrilled by the who who loves condoms. who who loves condoms. who who loves condoms. It's what I thought. It's what I thought. It's what I thought. I'm pulling out." I'm pulling out." I'm pulling out." Who pulls out? Who pulls out? Who pulls out? It's one of the worst reaction times It's one of the worst reaction times It's one of the worst reaction times I've ever heard. I've ever heard. I've ever heard. That is not going to be an effective That is not going to be an effective That is not going to be an effective method of contracepting for you. method of contracepting for you. method of contracepting for you. >> Pulling out is gross and evil and it >> Pulling out is gross and evil and it >> Pulling out is gross and evil and it makes sex bad and lame. makes sex bad and lame. makes sex bad and lame. I'm not allowed to give this speech at I'm not allowed to give this speech at I'm not allowed to give this speech at middle schools anymore. So, I've had to middle schools anymore. So, I've had to middle schools anymore. So, I've had to become a comedian. I really am a big become a comedian. I really am a big become a comedian. I really am a big anti-pull out guy. It ruins the sex. anti-pull out guy. It ruins the sex. anti-pull out guy. It ruins the sex. Yeah, cuz you know it's like going to a Yeah, cuz you know it's like going to a Yeah, cuz you know it's like going to a party and leaving your hat on the whole party and leaving your hat on the whole party and leaving your hat on the whole time and you cope and you're always time and you cope and you're always time and you cope and you're always getting ready to leave. You never really getting ready to leave. You never really getting ready to leave. You never really settle in. settle in. settle in. Do you know what I'm saying? Sexual Do you know what I'm saying? Sexual Do you know what I'm saying? Sexual congress is about you're meant to be congress is about you're meant to be congress is about you're meant to be getting closer to one another and closer getting closer to one another and closer getting closer to one another and closer until you get to the moment of ultimate until you get to the moment of ultimate until you get to the moment of ultimate closeness at which point you have to go closeness at which point you have to go closeness at which point you have to go get the [\h__\h] away from me. get the [\h__\h] away from me. get the [\h__\h] away from me. It's not about pulling out here. It's It's not about pulling out here. It's It's not about pulling out here. It's about pulling out here. It's one of the things I like about It's one of the things I like about It's one of the things I like about America. It's a very go raw, leave it in America. It's a very go raw, leave it in America. It's a very go raw, leave it in country. country. country. You don't call it that. You call it land You don't call it that. You call it land You don't call it that. You call it land of the free and home of the brave. of the free and home of the brave. of the free and home of the brave. Did you think about it? There's nothing Did you think about it? There's nothing Did you think about it? There's nothing more free than going raw. more free than going raw. more free than going raw. And there's nothing braver than leaving And there's nothing braver than leaving And there's nothing braver than leaving it in. I mean, that All right, that's really all I wanted to right, that's really all I wanted to right, that's really all I wanted to record. That'll be about a half hour. record. That'll be about a half hour. record. That'll be about a half hour.