So hello guys how are you all?  I am your So hello guys how are you all?  I am your So hello guys how are you all?  I am your Alabadi and you are watching Alabadi Vlog.  So Alabadi and you are watching Alabadi Vlog.  So Alabadi and you are watching Alabadi Vlog.  So guys, I don't know what happened last night.  Brother guys, I don't know what happened last night.  Brother guys, I don't know what happened last night.  Brother Viraj's health had deteriorated so much. Viraj's health had deteriorated so much. Viraj's health had deteriorated so much. Brother, he had to be taken to the hospital at night Brother, he had to be taken to the hospital at night Brother, he had to be taken to the hospital at night and brother, my phone was switched off.  I just found out and brother, my phone was switched off.  I just found out and brother, my phone was switched off.  I just found out when I switched on my phone. when I switched on my phone. when I switched on my phone. So let's quickly So let's quickly So let's quickly leave the house and leave the house and leave the house and go to the hospital once.  Brother and sister-in-law have taken Veeransh with them. go to the hospital once.  Brother and sister-in-law have taken Veeransh with them. go to the hospital once.  Brother and sister-in-law have taken Veeransh with them. [Music] It's been a [Music] It's been a [Music] It's been a while since he left, friend. while since he left, friend. while since he left, friend. What did you take in the bag? What did you take in the bag? What did you take in the bag? Clothes etc. and all the necessary items. Clothes etc. and all the necessary items. Clothes etc. and all the necessary items. What happened to him suddenly?  To Veeransh. What happened to him suddenly?  To Veeransh. What happened to him suddenly?  To Veeransh. His health suddenly deteriorated. His health suddenly deteriorated. His health suddenly deteriorated. Mom, what happened to Veerash?  I don't know brother, Mom, what happened to Veerash?  I don't know brother, Mom, what happened to Veerash?  I don't know brother, his heart beat was getting faster, I do his heart beat was getting faster, I do his heart beat was getting faster, I do n't know what was happening, he is feeling n't know what was happening, he is feeling n't know what was happening, he is feeling fine, I have put all the stuff etc., fine, I have put all the stuff etc., fine, I have put all the stuff etc., yes I have put it, go quickly, yes I have put it, go quickly, yes I have put it, go quickly, okay we are going, let's go quickly, so guys, okay we are going, let's go quickly, so guys, okay we are going, let's go quickly, so guys, my Scorpion was already gone, so brother I have my Scorpion was already gone, so brother I have my Scorpion was already gone, so brother I have called for another vehicle, now let's go called for another vehicle, now let's go called for another vehicle, now let's go quickly in it quickly in it quickly in it so guys, we have reached the hospital side now. so guys, we have reached the hospital side now. so guys, we have reached the hospital side now. Hey Veer, what happened?  Look brother, Hey Veer, what happened?  Look brother, Hey Veer, what happened?  Look brother, how cannula etc. have been inserted in the poor guy's small hands how cannula etc. have been inserted in the poor guy's small hands how cannula etc. have been inserted in the poor guy's small hands and he has been admitted. and he has been admitted. and he has been admitted. Nishant, his Nishant, his Nishant, his health has deteriorated. It pains him so much here health has deteriorated. It pains him so much here health has deteriorated. It pains him so much here brother when this cannula etc. is inserted. brother when this cannula etc. is inserted. brother when this cannula etc. is inserted. Now Veere, he doesn't know brother, he is under the Now Veere, he doesn't know brother, he is under the Now Veere, he doesn't know brother, he is under the influence of medicines etc., the poor guy is lying there. I influence of medicines etc., the poor guy is lying there. I influence of medicines etc., the poor guy is lying there. I just spoke to the doctor and he was saying just spoke to the doctor and he was saying just spoke to the doctor and he was saying that he will have to be admitted for a day or two that he will have to be admitted for a day or two that he will have to be admitted for a day or two because brother, his heart beat etc. is getting so fast that he will have to be because brother, his heart beat etc. is getting so fast that he will have to be because brother, his heart beat etc. is getting so fast that he will have to be kept kept kept in the hospital for a day or two. in the hospital for a day or two. in the hospital for a day or two. So guys, it is time for Virash to eat his food. So guys, it is time for Virash to eat his food. So guys, it is time for Virash to eat his food. Now Virash will eat bread. Yes, feed me. Yes, feed me. Yes, feed me. Vijay, feed me food.  Come on, that's it, I won't eat anymore. So Guys is standing in front of Viraj temple right now saying So Guys is standing in front of Viraj temple right now saying So Guys is standing in front of Viraj temple right now saying Baba Ji please cure me quickly. Baba Ji please cure me quickly. Baba Ji please cure me quickly. Let's join hands.  Join your hands quickly. Let's join hands.  Join your hands quickly. Let's join hands.  Join your hands quickly. Fold your hands.  Why are you crying?  Just now his brother started listening.  The Fold your hands.  Why are you crying?  Just now his brother started listening.  The Fold your hands.  Why are you crying?  Just now his brother started listening.  The poor guy is in pain, that's why he is poor guy is in pain, that's why he is poor guy is in pain, that's why he is crying.  nobody.  So the guys have crying.  nobody.  So the guys have crying.  nobody.  So the guys have all come to meet Virash now.  Mom also came.  Mother all come to meet Virash now.  Mom also came.  Mother all come to meet Virash now.  Mom also came.  Mother also came.  Virash let's do the flip the bottle challenge. also came.  Virash let's do the flip the bottle challenge. also came.  Virash let's do the flip the bottle challenge. Come on Sanu, come on, whatever you are.   It got hit, it got hit.  Let us get Come on Sanu, come on, whatever you are.   It got hit, it got hit.  Let us get you admitted too.  Now you admitted too.  Now you admitted too.  Now you will also get the injection.   So it's you will also get the injection.   So it's you will also get the injection.   So it's okay. okay. okay. Wow. Wow. Wow. Hey, what is this balloon making? Hey, what is this balloon making? Hey, what is this balloon making? Oh wow. So guys, I have just come back from the hospital after meeting Veeran. So guys, I have just come back from the hospital after meeting Veeran. So guys, I have just come back from the hospital after meeting Veeran. Look brother, your Look brother, your Look brother, your car is also parked here.  Let's leave for home now car is also parked here.  Let's leave for home now car is also parked here.  Let's leave for home now brother.  [Music] So the guys are going from the hospital side to the home side right now. So the guys are going from the hospital side to the home side right now. So the guys are going from the hospital side to the home side right now. Brother, I don't know how Veerash's health will Brother, I don't know how Veerash's health will Brother, I don't know how Veerash's health will suddenly deteriorate, so brother, please use suddenly deteriorate, so brother, please use suddenly deteriorate, so brother, please use spray etc. for him so that he gets well soon.  I am spray etc. for him so that he gets well soon.  I am spray etc. for him so that he gets well soon.  I am thinking that if the doctor says that thinking that if the doctor says that thinking that if the doctor says that if his health improves then he will be discharged within a day or two. if his health improves then he will be discharged within a day or two. if his health improves then he will be discharged within a day or two. So guys, you have So guys, you have So guys, you have now come home.  Viraj is not feeling well right now, now come home.  Viraj is not feeling well right now, Namaste Sonu.  Happy birthday brother.  Happy Namaste Sonu.  Happy birthday brother.  Happy Namaste Sonu.  Happy birthday brother.  Happy Birthday.  So guys, today is Sonu's happy birthday, so Birthday.  So guys, today is Sonu's happy birthday, so Birthday.  So guys, today is Sonu's happy birthday, so wish him a happy birthday. wish him a happy birthday. wish him a happy birthday. Yes brother, party party in the Yes brother, party party in the Yes brother, party party in the evening. evening. evening. Give the party now, it's done. Give the party now, it's done. Okay, I will give it in the evening. Okay, I will give it in the evening. Okay, I will give it in the evening. Yes brother, who is coming?  This car looks like something I've seen before. Yes brother, who is coming?  This car looks like something I've seen before. This modified Swift is by This modified Swift is by This modified Swift is by Aniket.  Oh brother, he got the alloy wheel Aniket.  Oh brother, he got the alloy wheel Aniket.  Oh brother, he got the alloy wheel changed.   I have got it changed.   I have got it changed.   I have got it modified. modified. modified. And how are you brother? And how are you brother? And how are you brother? Hey, how are you bro? Hey, how are you bro? Hey, how are you bro? And brother is And brother is And brother is cool cool cool brother. brother. brother. Happy Birthday. Happy Birthday. Happy Birthday. Thank you brother. Thank you brother. Thank you brother. Hey brother, where is the party?  your?   If there is a Hey brother, where is the party?  your?   If there is a Hey brother, where is the party?  your?   If there is a party in the evening, there will be a party in the evening, there will be a party in the evening, there will be a party in the evening.  Hey, when did you get the alloy wheels party in the evening.  Hey, when did you get the alloy wheels party in the evening.  Hey, when did you get the alloy wheels changed? changed? changed? Hey, it's time, friend. You have Hey, it's time, friend. You have Hey, it's time, friend. You have installed this nicely brother and on top of that you have installed this nicely brother and on top of that you have installed this nicely brother and on top of that you have also installed a spoiler. also installed a spoiler. also installed a spoiler. Hey brother, I have got it Hey brother, I have got it Hey brother, I have got it fully modified.  Look brother, the fully modified.  Look brother, the fully modified.  Look brother, the subscriber has come to meet me.  Hello brother, how are you subscriber has come to meet me.  Hello brother, how are you subscriber has come to meet me.  Hello brother, how are you ? ? ? Nice Nice Nice brother, how do both of them know each other brother, how do both of them know each other brother, how do both of them know each other ? ? ? How do you know each other? How do you know each other? How do you know each other? This brother is my old friend.  We are This brother is my old friend.  We are This brother is my old friend.  We are friends for at least 10-12 years.  And those who used to friends for at least 10-12 years.  And those who used to friends for at least 10-12 years.  And those who used to come in earlier vlogs etc., these were the ones who used to come in earlier vlogs etc., these were the ones who used to come in earlier vlogs etc., these were the ones who used to come earlier, brother.  Okay [Music] I come earlier, brother.  Okay [Music] I come earlier, brother.  Okay [Music] I saw that video when the thieves went into the pit, saw that video when the thieves went into the pit, saw that video when the thieves went into the pit, yes I do yes I do yes I do n't know n't know n't know brother, earlier they were so mischievous, oh brother, earlier they were so mischievous, oh brother, earlier they were so mischievous, oh brother, earlier we used to make one amazing video after another, brother we used to brother, earlier we used to make one amazing video after another, brother we used to brother, earlier we used to make one amazing video after another, brother we used to make such mischievous vlogs, brother we would go to make such mischievous vlogs, brother we would go to make such mischievous vlogs, brother we would go to any place, no matter how any place, no matter how any place, no matter how dangerous it was brother, we would go there, so dangerous it was brother, we would go there, so dangerous it was brother, we would go there, so some time back he had gone to Bombay, he was some time back he had gone to Bombay, he was some time back he had gone to Bombay, he was also out, he has just come back, now after 10-12 years, I will also out, he has just come back, now after 10-12 years, I will also out, he has just come back, now after 10-12 years, I will again show him regularly in the vlog, brother, again show him regularly in the vlog, brother, again show him regularly in the vlog, brother, you people you people you people need such people in this team who are need such people in this team who are need such people in this team who are trustworthy, brother, who trustworthy, brother, who trustworthy, brother, who can be trusted, it is not that brother, he comes for a few days, he can be trusted, it is not that brother, he comes for a few days, he can be trusted, it is not that brother, he comes for a few days, he is with you for a few days [Music] and then he is with you for a few days [Music] and then he is with you for a few days [Music] and then he leaves again brother, oh come on brother, come on. leaves again brother, oh come on brother, come on. leaves again brother, oh come on brother, come on. Hey, someone filled the swimming pool, brother. Hey, someone filled the swimming pool, brother. Hey, someone filled the swimming pool, brother. Brother, when you went to the hospital, I went with you. Brother, when you went to the hospital, I went with you. Well, I was at the hospital side, why would you pay this Well, I was at the hospital side, why would you pay this Well, I was at the hospital side, why would you pay this then? then? then? Brother challenges me. Brother challenges me. Brother challenges me. Challenge? Challenge? Challenge? Yes, which challenge brother?   It is Yes, which challenge brother?   It is Yes, which challenge brother?   It is very hot.   It is very hot.   It is very hot.   It is very hot.  He will even get to take a bath, very hot.  He will even get to take a bath, very hot.  He will even get to take a bath, brother. brother. brother. So guys, the bridge etc. is still full.  Now let me So guys, the bridge etc. is still full.  Now let me So guys, the bridge etc. is still full.  Now let me tell you guys what the challenge tell you guys what the challenge tell you guys what the challenge is.  So guys, we have filled this bridge.   There are is.  So guys, we have filled this bridge.   There are is.  So guys, we have filled this bridge.   There are two buckets kept here and two buckets kept here and two buckets kept here and two containers kept in front.  And here are two scarves with two containers kept in front.  And here are two scarves with two containers kept in front.  And here are two scarves with which the eyes of two brothers will be tied and which the eyes of two brothers will be tied and which the eyes of two brothers will be tied and water will be taken from them and poured into that container.  There will be water will be taken from them and poured into that container.  There will be water will be taken from them and poured into that container.  There will be two teams in this.  Meaning, one person will guide and two teams in this.  Meaning, one person will guide and two teams in this.  Meaning, one person will guide and one person will dance.  The team that one person will dance.  The team that one person will dance.  The team that fills its container first wins. fills its container first wins. fills its container first wins. Okay brother, did you understand? Okay brother, did you understand? Okay brother, did you understand? Hey brother, there is a danger of you falling too. Hey brother, there is a danger of you falling too. Hey brother, there is a danger of you falling too. Risk of falling?  Brother, it is wet.  There Risk of falling?  Brother, it is wet.  There Risk of falling?  Brother, it is wet.  There is a great danger of falling.   It hit my is a great danger of falling.   It hit my is a great danger of falling.   It hit my head or something.   No problem, the head or something.   No problem, the head or something.   No problem, the hospital is nearby brother.  I will take you hospital is nearby brother.  I will take you hospital is nearby brother.  I will take you comfortably in the car.  Don't worry about comfortably in the car.  Don't worry about comfortably in the car.  Don't worry about this thing. this thing. this thing. So guys, we have divided the team now. So guys, we have divided the team now. So guys, we have divided the team now. Sonu is in my team and Ishaan is in brother Aniket's team. Sonu is in my team and Ishaan is in brother Aniket's team. Sonu is in my team and Ishaan is in brother Aniket's team. Ishaan will guide him and I will Ishaan will guide him and I will Ishaan will guide him and I will guide Sonu as to how to guide Sonu as to how to guide Sonu as to how to bring it and how to fill water. bring it and how to fill water. bring it and how to fill water. Hey brother, this is how my head will guide me.   I feel like that Hey brother, this is how my head will guide me.   I feel like that Hey brother, this is how my head will guide me.   I feel like that [laughs]. [laughs]. [laughs]. Brother, Brother, Brother, keep your ears open while walking. keep your ears open while walking. keep your ears open while walking. Ears open and eyes closed. Ears open and eyes closed. Ears open and eyes closed. Yes. Yes. Yes. Hey brother, my eyes closed anyway. Hey brother, my eyes closed anyway. Hey brother, my eyes closed anyway. What are you doing?  Are you doing some challenge or something What are you doing?  Are you doing some challenge or something What are you doing?  Are you doing some challenge or something ? ? ? Hey, I am doing the water challenge.  We have to Hey, I am doing the water challenge.  We have to Hey, I am doing the water challenge.  We have to pick up water from here and take it away. pick up water from here and take it away. pick up water from here and take it away. Blindfold yourself and put it in the container from behind.   It seems Blindfold yourself and put it in the container from behind.   It seems Blindfold yourself and put it in the container from behind.   It seems quite difficult.  Okay, wait a minute. quite difficult.  Okay, wait a minute. quite difficult.  Okay, wait a minute. Where are you going?   Will Where are you going?   Will Where are you going?   Will your sister-in-law also challenge you, brother? your sister-in-law also challenge you, brother? your sister-in-law also challenge you, brother? I will tell you.  I will not I will tell you.  I will not I will tell you.  I will not tell you left right, I will tell you that, I will tell you as if you are tell you left right, I will tell you that, I will tell you as if you are tell you left right, I will tell you that, I will tell you as if you are making a complete strategy brother, it making a complete strategy brother, it making a complete strategy brother, it means means means okay, you also have to listen to me, okay, you also have to listen to me, okay, you also have to listen to me, why would you bring a bucket, take why would you bring a bucket, take why would you bring a bucket, take this surf water, this surf water, this surf water, surf water, what to do with the surf water surf water, what to do with the surf water surf water, what to do with the surf water and the task will become interesting, and the task will become interesting, and the task will become interesting, brother, what is sister-in-law saying, surf water, guys, brother, what is sister-in-law saying, surf water, guys, brother, what is sister-in-law saying, surf water, guys, your sister-in-law is saying that if you pour your sister-in-law is saying that if you pour your sister-in-law is saying that if you pour surf water here, it will fall with a thud, surf water here, it will fall with a thud, surf water here, it will fall with a thud, brother, brother, brother, all the best [laughs] guys, do it carefully, do it carefully on the all the best [laughs] guys, do it carefully, do it carefully on the surf water, surf water, surf water, wow brother, so guys, let's make the challenge more wow brother, so guys, let's make the challenge more wow brother, so guys, let's make the challenge more interesting and dangerous brother. interesting and dangerous brother. interesting and dangerous brother. Look brother, I have Look brother, I have Look brother, I have just just just added surf water.  Now let's see added surf water.  Now let's see added surf water.  Now let's see what happens next. what happens next. what happens next. Hey, nothing will happen in this.  Let me try it once. Hey, nothing will happen in this.  Let me try it once. Look how slippery it has become. Look how slippery it has become. Look how slippery it has become. Come on brother Sonu, try it, it is so slippery. Come on brother Sonu, try it, it is so slippery. Come on brother Sonu, try it, it is so slippery. Oh brother, you don't know what happened? you don't know what happened? you don't know what happened? Hey brother, nothing happened.  Nothing happened, nothing happened. Hey brother, nothing happened.  Nothing happened, nothing happened. Hey brother, nothing happened.  Nothing happened, nothing happened. Hey, your confidence will go down.  It remains like this. Hey, your confidence will go down.  It remains like this. Hey, your confidence will go down.  It remains like this. Hey Sanu is playing in the water. Hey Sanu is playing in the water. Hey Sanu is playing in the water. Well, Sanu jumped, what else? Well, Sanu jumped, what else? Well, Sanu jumped, what else? Hey Sanu, that was the sound of someone jumping.   So Hey Sanu, that was the sound of someone jumping.   So Hey Sanu, that was the sound of someone jumping.   So how did it get wet? how did it get wet? how did it get wet? Hey, he poured a bucket full of water on himself. Hey, he poured a bucket full of water on himself. Hey, he poured a bucket full of water on himself. Whatever, let's start the challenge brother. Whatever, let's start the challenge brother. Whatever, let's start the challenge brother. Hey Hey Hey brother, this is getting quite slippery. brother, this is getting quite slippery. brother, this is getting quite slippery. Come on brothers, quickly pick up your buckets. Come on brothers, quickly pick up your buckets. Come on brothers, quickly pick up your buckets. Close your eyes.  Let's start the challenge. Close your eyes.  Let's start the challenge. Close your eyes.  Let's start the challenge. So both the guys have their eyes blindfolded, both have So both the guys have their eyes blindfolded, both have So both the guys have their eyes blindfolded, both have buckets in their hands and both have containers. buckets in their hands and both have containers. buckets in their hands and both have containers. One two three start.  Come on brother, come on One two three start.  Come on brother, come on One two three start.  Come on brother, come on Sonu, leave.  A little left.  Sonu Sonu, leave.  A little left.  Sonu Sonu, leave.  A little left.  Sonu left.  Hey park left.  Hey park left.  Hey park park where go straight straight straight straight park where go straight straight straight straight park where go straight straight straight straight right. right. right. Three to three [laughs] no no no. Three to three [laughs] no no no. Three to three [laughs] no no no. Hey, keep teaching him Hindi, Maths or anything else brother. Hey, keep teaching him Hindi, Maths or anything else brother. Hey, keep teaching him Hindi, Maths or anything else brother. Come on Sonu, right right right.  Sonu right straight straight Come on Sonu, right right right.  Sonu right straight straight Come on Sonu, right right right.  Sonu right straight straight straight left. straight left. straight left. Left. Left. Left. Six made six. Six made six. Six made six. Hey brother, he picked it up too.  [laughter] Sonu right right Hey brother, he picked it up too.  [laughter] Sonu right right go out go out go go out go out go go out go out go hey why did you put it down below [laughter] brother hey why did you put it down below [laughter] brother hey why did you put it down below [laughter] brother hey are you mad the one who hey are you mad the one who hey are you mad the one who bathes in water will change his clothes hey brother hey hey hey hey hey right right right straight straight straight left left left left hey brother hey hey hey hey hey right right right straight straight straight left left left left yes balle balle balle right right straight straight yes balle balle balle right right straight straight yes balle balle balle right right straight straight absolutely straight absolutely straight absolutely straight brother he is not able to understand.  I have reached here. brother he is not able to understand.  I have reached here. brother he is not able to understand.  I have reached here. Right right right right right yes put it in. Right right right right right yes put it in. Hey wow brother, wow Hey wow brother, wow Hey wow brother, wow brother, we are moving one bucket ahead. brother, we are moving one bucket ahead. brother, we are moving one bucket ahead. Yes, just go straight to it. Yes, just go straight to it. Yes, just go straight to it. Just just put it on here. Just just put it on here. Just just put it on here. No, No, No, hey, Dal [laughs] hey, Dal [laughs] hey, Dal [laughs] stop. stop. stop. Brother Sonu, this way, straight straight straight straight straight, Brother Sonu, this way, straight straight straight straight straight, hey stop.  [laughter] hey stop.  [laughter] hey stop.  [laughter] Just a little bit right put put put put. Just a little bit right put put put put. Just a little bit right put put put put. Oh very good.  Oh brother, he has also Oh very good.  Oh brother, he has also Oh very good.  Oh brother, he has also put a bucket.  Sonu left left left left left left left left left.  A put a bucket.  Sonu left left left left left left left left left.  A little right a little right a little right little right a little right a little right little right a little right a little right yes ahead ahead ahead it is right here it is straight straight good good yes ahead ahead ahead it is right here it is straight straight good good good wipe reach reach go good wipe reach reach go good wipe reach reach go absolutely straight a little right a little absolutely straight a little right a little absolutely straight a little right a little more straight hey what happened more straight hey what happened more straight hey what happened [laughter] brother carefully carefully left left left left left [laughter] brother carefully carefully left left left left left [laughter] brother carefully carefully left left left left left yes yes yes in this hey very good in this hey very good in this hey very good just put it right here it is in the same way just put it right here it is in the same way just put it right here it is in the same way where did I go where did I go where did I go where did I go where did I go where did I go [song voice] where did I go [music] I [song voice] where did I go [music] I [song voice] where did I go [music] I slipped slipped slipped oh brother [laughter] sir I put it down. oh brother [laughter] sir I put it down. oh brother [laughter] sir I put it down. Where did Sonu come from? Where did Sonu come from? Where did Sonu come from? Sonu left left left straight straight straight straight Sonu left left left straight straight straight straight Sonu left left left straight straight straight straight stop straight slowly. stop straight slowly. stop straight slowly. So guys, there is a scene right now, brother, straight straight straight, So guys, there is a scene right now, brother, straight straight straight, So guys, there is a scene right now, brother, straight straight straight, comfortably straight straight straight straight straight, comfortably straight straight straight straight straight, put it on the left, put it, put it. put it on the left, put it, put it. put it on the left, put it, put it. Oy [laughs] Oy [laughs] Oy [laughs] Hey, who was that? Hey, who was that? Hey, who was that? Hey Hey Hey hey, what happened brother? hey, what happened brother? hey, what happened brother? Sonu pour it into your container. Sonu pour it into your container. Sonu pour it into your container. Pour into a container. Pour into a container. Pour into a container. Hey, catch it Hey, catch it Hey, catch it brother.  Sonu is still leading.  He did brother.  Sonu is still leading.  He did brother.  Sonu is still leading.  He did not fill even one bucket, he filled only one bucket and Sonu not fill even one bucket, he filled only one bucket and Sonu not fill even one bucket, he filled only one bucket and Sonu filled three buckets.  Sonu go left filled three buckets.  Sonu go left filled three buckets.  Sonu go left straight left left left left left straight straight straight straight left left left left left straight straight straight absolutely straight so brother Sonu is walking ahead absolutely straight so brother Sonu is walking ahead absolutely straight so brother Sonu is walking ahead brother he has filled two-three buckets come on brother hey what are you doing brother brother he has filled two-three buckets come on brother hey what are you doing brother something has happened something has happened something has happened you have done something come on you have done something come on you have done something come on Sonu come out hey 12 brother hey [laughter] Sonu come out hey 12 brother hey [laughter] Sonu come out hey 12 brother hey [laughter] go to 12 12 go to 12 12 go to 12 12 where is the bucket here is the bucket here is the where is the bucket here is the bucket here is the where is the bucket here is the bucket here is the bucket here is the bucket take it catch it bucket here is the bucket take it catch it bucket here is the bucket take it catch it quickly catch it right right right full right full right full a little quickly catch it right right right full right full right full a little straight a little right a little right straight a little right a little right straight a little right a little right absolutely straight [laughter] put it put it absolutely straight [laughter] put it put it absolutely straight [laughter] put it put it left a little left put it very good right left a little left put it very good right straight run away run away [laughter] just just just just just oh just oh straight run away run away [laughter] just just just just just oh just oh brother you should not have jumped inside friend at six [laughter] I do brother you should not have jumped inside friend at six [laughter] I do brother you should not have jumped inside friend at six [laughter] I do n't know what they are doing 126 brother hey n't know what they are doing 126 brother hey n't know what they are doing 126 brother hey what are you doing brother [laughter] they are busy what are you doing brother [laughter] they are busy what are you doing brother [laughter] they are busy breaking each other's heads brother breaking each other's heads brother breaking each other's heads brother yes it's 12:00 right right right right. yes it's 12:00 right right right right. yes it's 12:00 right right right right. Hey, he's ahead.  Hey, Hey, he's ahead.  Hey, Hey, he's ahead.  Hey, next [laughs] that's it, brother. next [laughs] that's it, brother. next [laughs] that's it, brother. straight straight straight left left left.  Yes, straight straight straight left left left.  Yes, straight straight straight left left left.  Yes, bend down, bend down, right. bend down, bend down, right. bend down, bend down, right. Oh very good. Oh very good. Oh very good. Back to 12 Back to 12 Back to 12 So guys, So guys, So guys, hey, what's six 12 doing?  I am telling him straight.   Ca hey, what's six 12 doing?  I am telling him straight.   Ca n't you say right left directly?   Go n't you say right left directly?   Go n't you say right left directly?   Go straight, go straight. straight, go straight. straight, go straight. Sometimes it is saying 12 here, sometimes it is saying 12 there. Sometimes it is saying 12 here, sometimes it is saying 12 there. Sometimes it is saying 12 here, sometimes it is saying 12 there. Go straight, go straight.   Right right. Go straight, go straight.   Right right. Go straight, go straight.   Right right. Sonu is right.  Sonu is right.  And right Sonu is right.  Sonu is right.  And right Sonu is right.  Sonu is right.  And right and right.  And right.  Now just and right.  And right.  Now just and right.  And right.  Now just put a little bit at a time.  We won this brother. put a little bit at a time.  We won this brother. put a little bit at a time.  We won this brother. Ours is full.  [laughter] Ours is full.  [laughter] Ours is full.  [laughter] How full are yours? How full are yours? How full are yours? So guys, finally we have won.  Ours is So guys, finally we have won.  Ours is So guys, finally we have won.  Ours is completely full.  Look at this. completely full.  Look at this. completely full.  Look at this. What was he doing 6 12 62?  I ca What was he doing 6 12 62?  I ca What was he doing 6 12 62?  I ca n't tell you directly. n't tell you directly. n't tell you directly. Do it straight 12 feet straight. Do it straight 12 feet straight. Do it straight 12 feet straight. Right now it is said to be 12 here.  Sometimes there's 12 telling Right now it is said to be 12 here.  Sometimes there's 12 telling Right now it is said to be 12 here.  Sometimes there's 12 telling [laughs].  What should I understand?  6 12 became 18.   Oh, [laughs].  What should I understand?  6 12 became 18.   Oh, [laughs].  What should I understand?  6 12 became 18.   Oh, you won't win.  If you keep doing this 61. you won't win.  If you keep doing this 61. you won't win.  If you keep doing this 61. You will lose like this brother. You will lose like this brother. You will lose like this brother. I had made a strategy.  Sonu will not understand this.   The I had made a strategy.  Sonu will not understand this.   The poor guy's strategy will fail.  So poor guy's strategy will fail.  So poor guy's strategy will fail.  So guys, let's change our clothes etc. now. guys, let's change our clothes etc. now. guys, let's change our clothes etc. now. Brother, the challenge has been completed.  Look Brother, the challenge has been completed.  Look Brother, the challenge has been completed.  Look brother, only a little water has been used up and Sonu has brother, only a little water has been used up and Sonu has brother, only a little water has been used up and Sonu has won. won. won. So it has happened anyway.  Let's go then.   Let's take a So it has happened anyway.  Let's go then.   Let's take a So it has happened anyway.  Let's go then.   Let's take a bath.   Let us go. bath.   Let us go. bath.   Let us go. What WWE is going on, brother? What WWE is going on, brother? What WWE is going on, brother? These jumps like you have done so deep cool. These jumps like you have done so deep cool. These jumps like you have done so deep cool. Hey brother, look what's lying here.  Look, what was this brother?   You will have to what was this brother?   You will have to what was this brother?   You will have to see it only then you will know what it is. see it only then you will know what it is. see it only then you will know what it is. Hey, that was your plan [laughs] Hey, that was your plan [laughs] Hey, that was your plan [laughs] hey brother. hey brother. hey brother. Look brother, there were F etc. in the pocket. Look brother, there were F etc. in the pocket. Look brother, there were F etc. in the pocket. Brother, take this out quickly [laughs] Brother, take this out quickly [laughs] Brother, take this out quickly [laughs] give it to me quickly. give it to me quickly. give it to me quickly. Hey friend, it will get worse.  Keep it.   It is Hey friend, it will get worse.  Keep it.   It is Hey friend, it will get worse.  Keep it.   It is not like that.   Oh not like that.   Oh not like that.   Oh no, ours first.  [laughter] We'll do something with this too, brother.  If not today, we something with this too, brother.  If not today, we something with this too, brother.  If not today, we will catch him tomorrow.  Some people think of a big prank for tomorrow. will catch him tomorrow.  Some people think of a big prank for tomorrow. will catch him tomorrow.  Some people think of a big prank for tomorrow. Okay, right? Okay, right? Okay, right? I will tell you this only.   The cow dung I will tell you this only.   The cow dung man.  Make it stronger than that, brother.  Guys, I made man.  Make it stronger than that, brother.  Guys, I made man.  Make it stronger than that, brother.  Guys, I made this poor guy sit inside it too, this poor guy sit inside it too, this poor guy sit inside it too, brother.  [laughter] brother.  [laughter] brother.  [laughter] What was the ring for? What was the ring for? What was the ring for? No, I did not keep it.  What happened? No, I did not keep it.  What happened? No, I did not keep it.  What happened? Sir, I had kept it. Sir, I had kept it. Sir, I had kept it. Hey, can't you find it? Hey, can't you find it? Hey, can't you find it? Hey, Hey, Hey, you have gone to see the ring. you have gone to see the ring. you have gone to see the ring. Hey brother, it was a gold ring.  It will cost at least ₹ Hey brother, it was a gold ring.  It will cost at least ₹ Hey brother, it was a gold ring.  It will cost at least ₹ lakh. lakh. lakh. Go and find it and then come back comfortably. Go and find it and then come back comfortably. Go and find it and then come back comfortably. O dear. Hey Tannu, which ring are Hey Tannu, which ring are Hey Tannu, which ring are you talking about?   The you talking about?   The you talking about?   The gold one. gold one. gold one. The one with the engagement? The one with the engagement? The one with the engagement? No, I gave you the gold one later, No, I gave you the gold one later, No, I gave you the gold one later, you are wearing this ring.   I made her you are wearing this ring.   I made her you are wearing this ring.   I made her wear this during the engagement ceremony and after that I gave her the wear this during the engagement ceremony and after that I gave her the wear this during the engagement ceremony and after that I gave her the gold one. gold one. gold one. Check it.  Check carefully.  Did you Check it.  Check carefully.  Did you Check it.  Check carefully.  Did you give me some Giravira somewhere?   It did give me some Giravira somewhere?   It did give me some Giravira somewhere?   It did not remain there. not remain there. not remain there. Where is it right there? Where is it right there? Where is it right there? Wherever I went that day.   at Wherever I went that day.   at Wherever I went that day.   at night? night? night? Yes. Yes. Yes. You checked after that. You checked after that. You checked after that. I can't remember after that. I can't remember after that. I can't remember after that. I had this habit before that.   If it is I had this habit before that.   If it is I had this habit before that.   If it is not here then where can it go, friend? not here then where can it go, friend? not here then where can it go, friend? Definitely stay there, I remember it was Definitely stay there, I remember it was Definitely stay there, I remember it was on my finger before that, after that I don't remember, I don't have it, if it was with me then I would have found it on my finger before that, after that I don't remember, I don't have it, if it was with me then I would have found it here, here, here, you can't go there again, you can't go there again, you can't go there again, friend, didn't you see what happened last night, I will have to go friend, didn't you see what happened last night, I will have to go friend, didn't you see what happened last night, I will have to go there, it is a there, it is a there, it is a wedding ring, I can't wedding ring, I can't wedding ring, I can't leave it there like that, leave it there like that, leave it there like that, friend, and if my family members come to know then it will create a scene, friend, and if my family members come to know then it will create a scene, no, don't tell my family members please, no, don't tell my family members please, no, don't tell my family members please, I will not tell, but they will come to know, I will not tell, but they will come to know, I will not tell, but they will come to know, brother, it will be known, you will find it, let me do brother, it will be known, you will find it, let me do brother, it will be known, you will find it, let me do one thing, I will change my clothes once, I am one thing, I will change my clothes once, I am one thing, I will change my clothes once, I am wet, wet, wet, after that we will see what to do, after that we will see what to do, after that we will see what to do, friend, I can't take the risk of going there again, friend, I can't take the risk of going there again, friend, I can't take the risk of going there again, friend, but it is a gold ring, brother, I ca friend, but it is a gold ring, brother, I ca friend, but it is a gold ring, brother, I ca n't leave it there.  So guys, I have just n't leave it there.  So guys, I have just n't leave it there.  So guys, I have just changed my clothes etc. and changed my clothes etc. and changed my clothes etc. and even after that I searched everywhere but I am not able to find that ring anywhere. even after that I searched everywhere but I am not able to find that ring anywhere. even after that I searched everywhere but I am not able to find that ring anywhere. So brother, I So brother, I So brother, I feel that the feel that the feel that the ring fell from Tannu's hand at the place where we went last night ring fell from Tannu's hand at the place where we went last night ring fell from Tannu's hand at the place where we went last night and it may still be there, and it may still be there, and it may still be there, friend.  But no one comes or goes there. friend.  But no one comes or goes there. friend.  But no one comes or goes there. Who knows, you might find the ring there.  And Who knows, you might find the ring there.  And Who knows, you might find the ring there.  And brother, if the family members come to know that there is a ring, then a brother, if the family members come to know that there is a ring, then a brother, if the family members come to know that there is a ring, then a huge drama will arise huge drama will arise huge drama will arise here.  So now I will have to somehow get that ring. here.  So now I will have to somehow get that ring. here.  So now I will have to somehow get that ring. So let's So let's So let's talk to Aniket first. talk to Aniket first. talk to Aniket first. I think he has already changed his clothes etc.   I have I think he has already changed his clothes etc.   I have changed my clothes brother, changed my clothes brother, changed my clothes brother, yes I have done it brother, yes I have done it brother, yes I have done it brother, oh friend I looked for the ring everywhere, I couldn't find it anywhere, I could oh friend I looked for the ring everywhere, I couldn't find it anywhere, I could n't find the ring till now, sister-in-law friend, oh she must be n't find the ring till now, sister-in-law friend, oh she must be n't find the ring till now, sister-in-law friend, oh she must be here and there, look carefully here and there, look carefully here and there, look carefully brother, I looked everywhere, I couldn't find it where I used to keep it brother, I looked everywhere, I couldn't find it where I used to keep it brother, I looked everywhere, I couldn't find it where I used to keep it and searched the entire room, I couldn't find it and searched the entire room, I couldn't find it and searched the entire room, I couldn't find it anywhere, I looked anywhere, I looked in the car too, I looked everywhere brother, I feel like it fell in the car too, I looked everywhere brother, I feel like it fell in the car too, I looked everywhere brother, I feel like it fell where we went where we went where we went that night, friend, definitely there, yes there, yes there that night, friend, definitely there, yes there, yes there brother, it fell, so it fell, leave it, brother, it fell, so it fell, leave it, brother, it fell, so it fell, leave it, oh are you mad, how can you leave it like this, oh oh are you mad, how can you leave it like this, oh oh are you mad, how can you leave it like this, oh brother do you know what kind of place it is, one gets brother do you know what kind of place it is, one gets brother do you know what kind of place it is, one gets married once in a lifetime.  It's a one-time married once in a lifetime.  It's a one-time married once in a lifetime.  It's a one-time thing, friend. thing, friend. thing, friend. Hey brother, if I go there then there will be no life left. Hey brother, if I go there then there will be no life left. Hey brother, if I go there then there will be no life left. Hey friend, Hey friend, Hey friend, what kind of thing is this? what kind of thing is this? what kind of thing is this? Hey brother, ask him once what you would have Hey brother, ask him once what you would have Hey brother, ask him once what you would have shown him there. shown him there. shown him there. What was it, brother?   My What was it, brother?   My What was it, brother?   My brother was a very dangerous man.  I don't know brother was a very dangerous man.  I don't know brother was a very dangerous man.  I don't know what trick he had.  As he what trick he had.  As he what trick he had.  As he played the flute.  Brother, our mind is not under our control. played the flute.  Brother, our mind is not under our control. played the flute.  Brother, our mind is not under our control. And he ran after us to And he ran after us to And he ran after us to attack us etc.  He got out and ran away from me. attack us etc.  He got out and ran away from me. attack us etc.  He got out and ran away from me. But brother, in the hurry the But brother, in the hurry the But brother, in the hurry the ring fell right there. ring fell right there. ring fell right there. Hey brother, don't you know?  It is Hey brother, don't you know?  It is Hey brother, don't you know?  It is such a famous place around here.  The such a famous place around here.  The such a famous place around here.  The government has sealed it. government has sealed it. government has sealed it. Why have you sealed it brother?  This is the Why have you sealed it brother?  This is the Why have you sealed it brother?  This is the entire village.  Hey brother, you used to tell me that there was entire village.  Hey brother, you used to tell me that there was entire village.  Hey brother, you used to tell me that there was one guy there.  He used to play the flute. one guy there.  He used to play the flute. one guy there.  He used to play the flute. As soon as someone heard the sound of his flute As soon as someone heard the sound of his flute As soon as someone heard the sound of his flute , he would lose control.   Was there , he would lose control.   Was there , he would lose control.   Was there such a scene? such a scene? such a scene? Hey friend, the whole village got empty there. Hey friend, the whole village got empty there. Hey friend, the whole village got empty there. Some died after falling into the river, some Some died after falling into the river, some Some died after falling into the river, some died after coming under a truck.  I mean, the died after coming under a truck.  I mean, the died after coming under a truck.  I mean, the entire village has become empty. entire village has become empty. entire village has become empty. I felt this thing myself.  As he was playing the flute, I felt this thing myself.  As he was playing the flute, I felt this thing myself.  As he was playing the flute, brother, I was not able to control myself. brother, I was not able to control myself. brother, I was not able to control myself. You must not be able to bear it right now, the You must not be able to bear it right now, the You must not be able to bear it right now, the sound must be coming out of those ears. sound must be coming out of those ears. sound must be coming out of those ears. Brother, he was not in his senses.  We Brother, he was not in his senses.  We Brother, he was not in his senses.  We quickly left from there.  Otherwise brother, it quickly left from there.  Otherwise brother, it quickly left from there.  Otherwise brother, it seemed as if we too would have fallen under his control. seemed as if we too would have fallen under his control. seemed as if we too would have fallen under his control. Hey brother, look, I am refusing.  Leave it there, do Hey brother, look, I am refusing.  Leave it there, do Hey brother, look, I am refusing.  Leave it there, do n't go. n't go. n't go. Brother, it is still daytime, we can go and see.   He is Brother, it is still daytime, we can go and see.   He is Brother, it is still daytime, we can go and see.   He is saying the right thing, friend.  We still have one and saying the right thing, friend.  We still have one and saying the right thing, friend.  We still have one and a half hours before nightfall. a half hours before nightfall. a half hours before nightfall. Brother, it is an important thing, we will stay for the wedding.   You Brother, it is an important thing, we will stay for the wedding.   You Brother, it is an important thing, we will stay for the wedding.   You can at least see it once. can at least see it once. can at least see it once. Then do one thing, go quickly and we will bring it Then do one thing, go quickly and we will bring it Then do one thing, go quickly and we will bring it quickly, you don't have to stop there at all.   Will be quickly, you don't have to stop there at all.   Will be back before yes.   Get out back before yes.   Get out back before yes.   Get out quickly brother. quickly brother. quickly brother. So the guys have just left the house. So the guys have just left the house. So the guys have just left the house. But we don't have much time. But we don't have much time. But we don't have much time. Look brother, the weather is also rainy. Look brother, the weather is also rainy. Look brother, the weather is also rainy. Because of that it will get dark early.  So whatever we have to Because of that it will get dark early.  So whatever we have to Because of that it will get dark early.  So whatever we have to do, we will have to do it within an hour, friend. do, we will have to do it within an hour, friend. Hey brother, there is not even an hour left now. Hey brother, there is not even an hour left now. Hey brother, there is not even an hour left now. Look at the time and the jam. Look at the time and the jam. Look at the time and the jam. Hey friend, it will take some time to reach there. Hey friend, it will take some time to reach there. So guys, you have finally reached the location. So guys, you have finally reached the location. So guys, you have finally reached the location. Look brother, it Look brother, it Look brother, it is about to get dark.  Let's go quickly, friend.  So the guys have is about to get dark.  Let's go quickly, friend.  So the guys have is about to get dark.  Let's go quickly, friend.  So the guys have reached the location now. reached the location now. reached the location now. Hey brother, see, I told you to come quickly.   It Hey brother, see, I told you to come quickly.   It Hey brother, see, I told you to come quickly.   It became dark.  Now became dark.  Now became dark.  Now hurry up, friend.  Take.   Firstly, hurry up, friend.  Take.   Firstly, hurry up, friend.  Take.   Firstly, your sister-in-law was standing here, brother. your sister-in-law was standing here, brother. your sister-in-law was standing here, brother. And that guy was seen here for the first time. And that guy was seen here for the first time. And that guy was seen here for the first time. Look here carefully once, friend.   The Look here carefully once, friend.   The Look here carefully once, friend.   The light here has also reduced.   It is light here has also reduced.   It is light here has also reduced.   It is not here either, friend. not here either, friend. not here either, friend. Car traffic in the dark made everything a mess. Car traffic in the dark made everything a mess. Brother, please check it once.  Hey friend, quickly Brother, please check it once.  Hey friend, quickly Brother, please check it once.  Hey friend, quickly separate and search.  We don't have that much time.   When I separate and search.  We don't have that much time.   When I went, I was downstairs too, friend. went, I was downstairs too, friend. went, I was downstairs too, friend. Oh, there is water here.  Brother, you will have to turn and go over it. Oh, there is water here.  Brother, you will have to turn and go over it. Come on brother, come on quickly, come on quickly. Come on brother, come on quickly, come on quickly. Come on brother, come on quickly, come on quickly. So guys are searching around here right now So guys are searching around here right now So guys are searching around here right now brother.  Wherever I went, I brother.  Wherever I went, I brother.  Wherever I went, I saw all the places.  Now, friend, let's saw all the places.  Now, friend, let's saw all the places.  Now, friend, let's go there once and see where he shows it under the tree. go there once and see where he shows it under the tree. Hey Ishaan, Hey Ishaan, Hey Ishaan, yes I did yes I did yes I did not go that way brother. not go that way brother. not go that way brother. Sure? Sure? Sure? Yes, I definitely did not go that way brother. Yes, I definitely did not go that way brother. Yes, I definitely did not go that way brother. Come quickly to this side and look at the side of the tree. Come quickly to this side and look at the side of the tree. Come quickly to this side and look at the side of the tree. Look brother, the entire village is lying vacant. Look brother, the entire village is lying vacant. Look brother, the entire village is lying vacant. All the shops etc. are closed here. All the shops etc. are closed here. All the shops etc. are closed here. First let's quickly find the ring and then First let's quickly find the ring and then First let's quickly find the ring and then leave from here.  Look brother, all the leave from here.  Look brother, all the leave from here.  Look brother, all the shops etc. in front are closed.  We have already shops etc. in front are closed.  We have already shops etc. in front are closed.  We have already come towards the tree, friend. come towards the tree, friend. come towards the tree, friend. He was here last time.  Your sister-in-law had He was here last time.  Your sister-in-law had He was here last time.  Your sister-in-law had come till here.  Check it once here. come till here.  Check it once here. come till here.  Check it once here. Check it carefully, friend. Hey Hey Hey brother, what kind of sound is this? brother, what kind of sound is this? brother, what kind of sound is this? What kind of sound is this?   Are you feeling What kind of sound is this?   Are you feeling What kind of sound is this?   Are you feeling angry like this? angry like this? angry like this? Brother, you should Brother, you should Brother, you should close your ears.   This is the close your ears.   This is the close your ears.   This is the voice of a flute player, friend. voice of a flute player, friend. voice of a flute player, friend. Close your ears. Close your ears. Close your ears. Brother, close your ears.   There's Brother, close your ears.   There's Brother, close your ears.   There's some problem here, brother.   Do some problem here, brother.   Do some problem here, brother.   Do n't close your ears brother.  Don't let n't close your ears brother.  Don't let n't close your ears brother.  Don't let that sound enter your ears, friend.  Hey that sound enter your ears, friend.  Hey that sound enter your ears, friend.  Hey Sonu, are you okay?  Dude, his whole face turned Sonu, are you okay?  Dude, his whole face turned Sonu, are you okay?  Dude, his whole face turned red.  I am unable to tolerate this. red.  I am unable to tolerate this. red.  I am unable to tolerate this. Hey brother, what is this? Hey brother, what is this? Hey brother, what is this? Brother, where are you coming from? Let's get out of here Brother, where are you coming from? Let's get out of here Brother, where are you coming from? Let's get out of here quickly.  Come on, let's get out of here. quickly.  Come on, let's get out of here. quickly.  Come on, let's get out of here. Run away from here quickly.  Get out Run away from here quickly.  Get out Run away from here quickly.  Get out of here quickly.  Let's go friend. of here quickly.  Let's go friend. of here quickly.  Let's go friend. Where is Sonu, friend? Where is Sonu, friend? Where is Sonu, friend? What happened? What happened? What happened? Sonu Sonu Sonu hey hey hey Sonu come here brother. Sonu come here brother. Sonu come here brother. Hey, get out of here. Hey, get out of here. Hey, get out of here. What is he doing brother?  He has What is he doing brother?  He has What is he doing brother?  He has n't even covered his ears, friend. n't even covered his ears, friend. n't even covered his ears, friend. Hey friend, what is happening? Hey friend, what is happening? Hey friend, what is happening? Hey brothers, quickly tear it and tie it on your ears. Hey brothers, quickly tear it and tie it on your ears. Hey brothers, quickly tear it and tie it on your ears. Sonu, the Sonu, the Sonu, the voice is coming from the front, friend. voice is coming from the front, friend. voice is coming from the front, friend. Hey friend, this is the same friend with the flute. friend, this is the same friend with the flute. friend, this is the same friend with the flute. Brother, has Sonu already fallen into his trap Brother, has Sonu already fallen into his trap Brother, has Sonu already fallen into his trap ?  Brother, that flute ?  Brother, that flute ?  Brother, that flute player has already come there. player has already come there. player has already come there. Brother, do one thing [music] get there quickly.  And Brother, do one thing [music] get there quickly.  And Brother, do one thing [music] get there quickly.  And tie this on your ears quickly, brother. tie this on your ears quickly, brother. tie this on your ears quickly, brother. Come on brother, come here.  Brother, I have just tied it over my ears. Come on brother, come here.  Brother, I have just tied it over my ears. Come on brother, come here.  Brother, I have just tied it over my ears. Now Now Now no sound etc. is reaching my ears, friend. no sound etc. is reaching my ears, friend. no sound etc. is reaching my ears, friend. Brother, I had a tank, so I put it in. Brother, I had a tank, so I put it in. Brother, I had a tank, so I put it in. But how will you stop Sonu? But how will you stop Sonu? But how will you stop Sonu? Brother, he doesn't have anything brother. Brother, he doesn't have anything brother. Brother, he doesn't have anything brother. Brother, hey Sonu Bhai, I will have to cover his ears with my hands so Brother, hey Sonu Bhai, I will have to cover his ears with my hands so Brother, hey Sonu Bhai, I will have to cover his ears with my hands so that the sound does not go inside. that the sound does not go inside. Hey Sonu friend, water ahead. Hey Sonu friend, water ahead. Hey Sonu friend, water ahead. Brother, he is going in front of the river. Brother, he is going in front of the river. Brother, he is going in front of the river. Oh brother, this Bhosari guy is roaming in this direction, Oh brother, this Bhosari guy is roaming in this direction, Oh brother, this Bhosari guy is roaming in this direction, friend.  Let's take him quickly. friend.  Let's take him quickly. friend.  Let's take him quickly. I think he is under its control. I think he is under its control. I think he is under its control. Sonu Sonu Sonu look at Sonu. look at Sonu. look at Sonu. Sonu, this is going towards the water, friend. Sonu, this is going towards the water, friend. Sonu, this is going towards the water, friend. Hey brother, stop brother. Hey brother, stop brother. Hey brother, stop brother. Brother is saying, friend, come and see.  It won't sink, friend. Brother is saying, friend, come and see.  It won't sink, friend. Brother, he is doing it just like that. Brother, he is doing it just like that. Brother, he is doing it just like that. Sonu, stop it friend. Sonu, stop it friend. Sonu, stop it friend. Sonu, stop.  I will have to bring it brother. Sonu, stop.  I will have to bring it brother. Sonu, stop.  I will have to bring it brother. Brother, this is completely under his control. Brother, this is completely under his control. Brother, this is completely under his control. Hey brother, there is no push on his ears brother.   Stop. Hey brother, there is no push on his ears brother.   Stop. I have to go brother. I have to go brother. I have to go brother. Hey, what is he doing? Hey, what is he doing? Hey, what is he doing? Sonu hey hey Sonu hey hey Sonu hey hey brother he has to go brother brother he has to go brother brother he has to go brother brother quickly take him out brother quickly take him out brother quickly take him out slowly brother you don't have to be slowly brother you don't have to be slowly brother you don't have to be careful friend be careful careful friend be careful careful friend be careful brother slowly hey he is brother slowly hey he is brother slowly hey he is drowning take him out quickly Aniket hey friend hey drowning take him out quickly Aniket hey friend hey Sonu brother sahab bring him out quickly friend he is doing it right here right doing it right here right doing it right here right now he is telling me friend first of all now he is telling me friend first of all now he is telling me friend first of all cover his ears friend cover his ears friend cover his ears friend brother Sonu Sonu Sonu okay friend friend it is brother Sonu Sonu Sonu okay friend friend it is brother Sonu Sonu Sonu okay friend friend it is not in there friend. not in there friend. not in there friend. Why is it in his control brother?  Absolutely, Why is it in his control brother?  Absolutely, Why is it in his control brother?  Absolutely, take it with you brother right now.   Friend, pick him up take it with you brother right now.   Friend, pick him up take it with you brother right now.   Friend, pick him up quickly.  Sonu, quickly.  Sonu, quickly.  Sonu, brother, the sound of his flute is getting louder.  It is brother, the sound of his flute is getting louder.  It is reaching our ears also. reaching our ears also. reaching our ears also. Now she is not stopping even after wearing clothes, friend. Now she is not stopping even after wearing clothes, friend. Now she is not stopping even after wearing clothes, friend. Get out quickly, friend.  Brother, take him quickly. Get out quickly, friend.  Brother, take him quickly. Get out quickly, friend.  Brother, take him quickly. Oye.  He closed the gate. Oye.  He closed the gate. Oye.  He closed the gate. Where did you go? Where did you go? Where did you go? Brother, hurry up, friend. Brother, hurry up, friend. Brother, hurry up, friend. So get out of here, friend. So get out of here, friend. So get out of here, friend. Brother, take it quickly, this is it.  He's still Brother, take it quickly, this is it.  He's still Brother, take it quickly, this is it.  He's still following us, friend. following us, friend. following us, friend. Oye, Oye! Oye, Oye! Oye, Oye! What happened?  Brother, I What happened?  Brother, I What happened?  Brother, I found the ring ring, found the ring ring, found the ring ring, maybe it is a ring flash. maybe it is a ring flash. maybe it is a ring flash. Yes Yes Yes brother, get up quickly and get out of here quickly. brother, get up quickly and get out of here quickly. brother, get up quickly and get out of here quickly. Sonu, Sonu, Sonu, what happened brother? Sonu, is it okay? Hey, he wo what happened brother? Sonu, is it okay? Hey, he wo what happened brother? Sonu, is it okay? Hey, he wo n't survive. One of you will kill everyone. n't survive. One of you will kill everyone. n't survive. One of you will kill everyone. Brother, listen, where is he going? Hey, he is going towards the road. He will get hit by Brother, listen, where is he going? Hey, he is going towards the road. He will get hit by Brother, listen, where is he going? Hey, he is going towards the road. He will get hit by a vehicle. a vehicle. a vehicle. Catch him, hey Sonu, pick him up brother, close his ears. Sonu, pick him up brother, close his ears. Sonu, pick him up brother, close his ears. Put it in the car. Put it in the car. Put it in the car. Hey brother, put it in the car. Hey brother, put it in the car. Hey brother, put it in the car. Take him in the car, friend.  So brother Sonu does Take him in the car, friend.  So brother Sonu does Take him in the car, friend.  So brother Sonu does n't know what happened. n't know what happened. n't know what happened. It has been effective for so long. It has been effective for so long. It has been effective for so long. Your sister-in-law was not even affected till this time. Your sister-in-law was not even affected till this time. Your sister-in-law was not even affected till this time. Sonu Sonu Sonu oye Sonu Sonu. oye Sonu Sonu. oye Sonu Sonu. Hey, get up friend. Hey, get up friend. Hey, get up friend. Brother, what scene is happening with this? Brother, what scene is happening with this? Brother, what scene is happening with this? Brother, I had forbidden you to come here. Brother, I had forbidden you to come here. Brother, why is it taking so long to affect Brother, why is it taking so long to affect Brother, why is it taking so long to affect him?  Hey brother, put him in the car and let's take him. him?  Hey brother, put him in the car and let's take him. Brother, tie it on its ears quickly. Brother, tie it on its ears quickly. Brother, tie it on its ears quickly. Hurry up friend.  What's going on with this, friend Hurry up friend.  What's going on with this, friend Hurry up friend.  What's going on with this, friend ? ? ? Brother, all your clothes got wet. Brother, all your clothes got wet. Brother, all your clothes got wet. Brother, the clothes are kept behind.  I will change it, friend. Brother, the clothes are kept behind.  I will change it, friend. Do it friend, change it quickly.   I have started listening to the Do it friend, change it quickly.   I have started listening to the Do it friend, change it quickly.   I have started listening to the road.   Raise your road.   Raise your road.   Raise your ears a little higher, friend.  But ears a little higher, friend.  But ears a little higher, friend.  But why is the effect taking so long?  And where is that ring why is the effect taking so long?  And where is that ring why is the effect taking so long?  And where is that ring brother?  Show me once. brother?  Show me once. brother?  Show me once. Wait. Wait. Wait. Give it to me quickly, friend. Give it to me quickly, friend. Give it to me quickly, friend. Brother, finally I found your sister-in-law's ring.  The Brother, finally I found your sister-in-law's ring.  The Brother, finally I found your sister-in-law's ring.  The thing you had come to take.  But thing you had come to take.  But thing you had come to take.  But what happened to Sonu brother?  Brother, what happened on his birthday what happened to Sonu brother?  Brother, what happened on his birthday what happened to Sonu brother?  Brother, what happened on his birthday ?  Brother, let's get out of ?  Brother, let's get out of ?  Brother, let's get out of here quickly.  You here quickly.  You here quickly.  You change your clothes quickly.  And brother, change your clothes quickly.  And brother, change your clothes quickly.  And brother, please change Sonu's clothes too.  I'll find a safe place please change Sonu's clothes too.  I'll find a safe place please change Sonu's clothes too.  I'll find a safe place first.  So guys, she has come out of this village.  You have first.  So guys, she has come out of this village.  You have first.  So guys, she has come out of this village.  You have changed his clothes changed his clothes changed his clothes too now.  Hey, too now.  Hey, too now.  Hey, where are you brother?   I where are you brother?   I where are you brother?   I regained consciousness. regained consciousness. regained consciousness. Okay Sonu, now you Okay Sonu, now you Okay Sonu, now you son, brother, don't know what happened to me.  The son, brother, don't know what happened to me.  The son, brother, don't know what happened to me.  The sound was so loud that it reached my ears. sound was so loud that it reached my ears. sound was so loud that it reached my ears. I was exhausted, brother.  But I did I was exhausted, brother.  But I did I was exhausted, brother.  But I did not want to go towards the water.  Still I was going on my own. not want to go towards the water.  Still I was going on my own. Brother, I think he had completely Brother, I think he had completely Brother, I think he had completely hypnotized him. hypnotized him. hypnotized him. Brother, I told you not to come here. Brother, I told you not to come here. Brother, I told you not to come here. Brother, how would I know that this whole scene would happen? Brother, how would I know that this whole scene would happen? Brother, how would I know that this whole scene would happen? Friend, I had come to buy this ring. Friend, I had come to buy this ring. Friend, I had come to buy this ring. Well, thank God I found the ring.  What would you have done if you hadn't Well, thank God I found the ring.  What would you have done if you hadn't Well, thank God I found the ring.  What would you have done if you hadn't found the ring? found the ring? found the ring? Brother, thank God I found the ring.  Now please Brother, thank God I found the ring.  Now please Brother, thank God I found the ring.  Now please go home and give me that ring.  Now I will never come here again after today, friend. go home and give me that ring.  Now I will never come here again after today, friend. Hello, Hello, Hello, yes, mother.   It's yes, mother.   It's yes, mother.   It's Bunty's call. Bunty's call. Bunty's call. Celebrating birthday?  No, I haven't done it yet. Celebrating birthday?  No, I haven't done it yet. Celebrating birthday?  No, I haven't done it yet. Okay, I am coming. Okay, I am coming. Okay, I am coming. Hey friend, I couldn't even celebrate his birthday. Hey friend, I couldn't even celebrate his birthday. Hey friend, I was busy with the ring. Hey friend, I was busy with the ring. Hey friend, I was busy with the ring. But that was also necessary.  How could I leave him like this? But that was also necessary.  How could I leave him like this? But that was also necessary.  How could I leave him like this? What did aunty say? What did aunty say? What did aunty say? My mother was saying that I have celebrated my birthday. My mother was saying that I have celebrated my birthday. My mother was saying that I have celebrated my birthday. I said no, then he is asking me to come I said no, then he is asking me to come I said no, then he is asking me to come home.   No problem, let's do home.   No problem, let's do home.   No problem, let's do one thing, let's celebrate your birthday, one thing, let's celebrate your birthday, one thing, let's celebrate your birthday, friend.  First I will go friend.  First I will go friend.  First I will go home to give you the ring etc. and then I will go home.  Come on friend, let's go and home to give you the ring etc. and then I will go home.  Come on friend, let's go and home to give you the ring etc. and then I will go home.  Come on friend, let's go and get the cake first. get the cake first. get the cake first. So guys, due to all these things, I could So guys, due to all these things, I could So guys, due to all these things, I could not even celebrate brother Sonu's birthday.  Could not even celebrate brother Sonu's birthday.  Could not even celebrate brother Sonu's birthday.  Could n't even get his cake cut.  I just got a call from his home. n't even get his cake cut.  I just got a call from his home. n't even get his cake cut.  I just got a call from his home. He was calling me home.  But before that He was calling me home.  But before that He was calling me home.  But before that brother celebrates his birthday.  I brother celebrates his birthday.  I brother celebrates his birthday.  I will meet him after that brother.  [Music] Hey Sonu didn't come. Hey Sonu didn't come. Hey Sonu didn't come. Hey, his health is also bad, friend.   I was in a Hey, his health is also bad, friend.   I was in a Hey, his health is also bad, friend.   I was in a bit of a mood that I did not celebrate. bit of a mood that I did not celebrate. bit of a mood that I did not celebrate. Go to the time, what time is it? Go to the time, what time is it? Go to the time, what time is it? Hey friend, his mood also got spoiled because of this. Hey friend, his mood also got spoiled because of this. First of all, come on First of all, come on First of all, come on brother, it's okay, let him rest brother, it's okay, let him rest brother, it's okay, let him rest in the car for a while.  [Music] Oh man, he just turned it off and left. Oh man, he just turned it off and left. Oh man, he just turned it off and left. Hey friend, what should we do now? Hey friend, what should we do now? Hey friend, what should we do now? Brother, the time is already 9:15, 9:30. Brother, the time is already 9:15, 9:30. Brother, the time is already 9:15, 9:30. Brother, no problem, I will get it cut tomorrow. Brother, no problem, I will get it cut tomorrow. Brother, no problem, I will get it cut tomorrow. Oh no friend, he is in such a bad mood.  I will get it Oh no friend, he is in such a bad mood.  I will get it Oh no friend, he is in such a bad mood.  I will get it cut today itself, friend.  Let's go to some other shop.   Let cut today itself, friend.  Let's go to some other shop.   Let someone else take care of it.  Come on, hurry up. someone else take care of it.  Come on, hurry up. someone else take care of it.  Come on, hurry up. Hey friend Sonu Bhai, the cake shop is closed.   No problem Hey friend Sonu Bhai, the cake shop is closed.   No problem Hey friend Sonu Bhai, the cake shop is closed.   No problem brother, let's go. brother, let's go. brother, let's go. Hey, no problem, let's move on to someone else Hey, no problem, let's move on to someone else Hey, no problem, let's move on to someone else first. first. first. So the guys have finally arrived at the second cake shop.  Let's buy So the guys have finally arrived at the second cake shop.  Let's buy So the guys have finally arrived at the second cake shop.  Let's buy Sonu's cake now brother. Sonu's cake now brother. Sonu's cake now brother. So guys, just as I came to the shop, brother, only light white is available, the So guys, just as I came to the shop, brother, only light white is available, the So guys, just as I came to the shop, brother, only light white is available, the rest is buying cake for Sonu. rest is buying cake for Sonu. rest is buying cake for Sonu. Write the name. Write the name. Write the name. Write down the name brother.  Sonu, write it down. Write down the name brother.  Sonu, write it down. Write down the name brother.  Sonu, write it down. Sonu had bad luck, friend.   The Sonu had bad luck, friend.   The Sonu had bad luck, friend.   The cake shop was closed there and the cake shop was closed there and the cake shop was closed there and the lights were on here.  But no problem, I have already got the cake. lights were on here.  But no problem, I have already got the cake. lights were on here.  But no problem, I have already got the cake. So guys, look, they have brought cake etc. So guys, look, they have brought cake etc. So guys, look, they have brought cake etc. And now the light has come on brother. And now the light has come on brother. And now the light has come on brother. Brother, he really has bad luck.  Come let Brother, he really has bad luck.  Come let Brother, he really has bad luck.  Come let him cut the cake. him cut the cake. him cut the cake. So the guys are home now.  Brother, I have So the guys are home now.  Brother, I have So the guys are home now.  Brother, I have sky shots etc. at home, I will pick them up too. sky shots etc. at home, I will pick them up too. sky shots etc. at home, I will pick them up too. Come on brother.  And brother, I will also give you Come on brother.  And brother, I will also give you Come on brother.  And brother, I will also give you your sister-in-law's ring.  Hey Tannu, your sister-in-law's ring.  Hey Tannu, your sister-in-law's ring.  Hey Tannu, take your ring.  Brother, thank God I take your ring.  Brother, thank God I take your ring.  Brother, thank God I got the ring.  Otherwise, if the family members had come to know, there would have been got the ring.  Otherwise, if the family members had come to know, there would have been got the ring.  Otherwise, if the family members had come to know, there would have been trouble. trouble. trouble. Bring it from there.  And did you get it?  Yes, I found it there Bring it from there.  And did you get it?  Yes, I found it there Bring it from there.  And did you get it?  Yes, I found it there and nothing happened like yesterday, it didn't hit anything at the back, so there was no and nothing happened like yesterday, it didn't hit anything at the back, so there was no problem like that, okay, I problem like that, okay, I problem like that, okay, I found the ring as well, something at the back as well, found the ring as well, something at the back as well, found the ring as well, something at the back as well, yes, right now after celebrating Sonu's birthday etc., we will yes, right now after celebrating Sonu's birthday etc., we will yes, right now after celebrating Sonu's birthday etc., we will come back in a while, come back in a while, come back in a while, okay, okay, okay, today is her birthday, today is her birthday, today is her birthday, yes, it is her birthday today, so guys, yes, it is her birthday today, so guys, yes, it is her birthday today, so guys, finally I have found your sister-in-law's ring finally I have found your sister-in-law's ring finally I have found your sister-in-law's ring and Tanu was asking whether there was and Tanu was asking whether there was and Tanu was asking whether there was any problem there, so I was any problem there, so I was any problem there, so I was lying to her, there was no problem lying to her, there was no problem lying to her, there was no problem because if I had told her everything, she would have got because if I had told her everything, she would have got because if I had told her everything, she would have got tensed, so brother, I am leaving now, I will come after tensed, so brother, I am leaving now, I will come after tensed, so brother, I am leaving now, I will come after cutting the cake etc. and brother, I have cutting the cake etc. and brother, I have cutting the cake etc. and brother, I have also taken a sword to cut Tanu's cake, today we will get the also taken a sword to cut Tanu's cake, today we will get the also taken a sword to cut Tanu's cake, today we will get the cake cut with the sword [Music] so guys, finally I have come to cut Sonu's cake. so guys, finally I have come to cut Sonu's cake. so guys, finally I have come to cut Sonu's cake. Look brother, the cake is Look brother, the cake is Look brother, the cake is kept here and the sky kept here and the sky kept here and the sky shot is kept in front.  Now let's celebrate his birthday with great fun by playing sky shots etc. shot is kept in front.  Now let's celebrate his birthday with great fun by playing sky shots etc. Because the poor guy was in a bit of a Because the poor guy was in a bit of a Because the poor guy was in a bit of a bad mood.  So bad mood.  So bad mood.  So after cutting his cake etc., he is sent home later. after cutting his cake etc., he is sent home later. Happy birthday to you.  Happy Birthday Sonu. Happy birthday to you.  Happy Birthday Sonu. Happy birthday to you.  Happy Birthday Sonu. Thank you brother. Thank you brother. Thank you brother. How old are you? How old are you? How old are you? 21.   I turned 21.   I turned 21.   I turned 21 years old. Hey, why are you cutting with a knife, brother? Hey, why are you cutting with a knife, brother? Hey, why are you cutting with a knife, brother? I had brought a sword for you. I had brought a sword for you. I had brought a sword for you. Take it brother. Take it brother. Take it brother. Let's get it cut with a sword.  What about you friend, did you Let's get it cut with a sword.  What about you friend, did you Let's get it cut with a sword.  What about you friend, did you bring it for no reason?  He is bring it for no reason?  He is bring it for no reason?  He is cutting it with a small knife.  Yes, cut it. cutting it with a small knife.  Yes, cut it. cutting it with a small knife.  Yes, cut it. Bigger is Bigger is Bigger is even better.  Cut it out brother. even better.  Cut it out brother. even better.  Cut it out brother. Cut it like this again. Cut it like this again. Cut it like this again. Cut it.   Take it Cut it.   Take it Cut it.   Take it brother. Hey, are Hey, are Hey, are you also hearing that sound? you also hearing that sound? you also hearing that sound? Listen to the voice, brother. Listen to the voice, brother. Listen to the voice, brother. Dude, this sounds like a flute. Dude, this sounds like a flute. Dude, this sounds like a flute. This sounds like the same flute tune to me. This sounds like the same flute tune to me. This sounds like the same flute tune to me. Hey brother, I am having a lot of trouble with my ears.   I Hey brother, I am having a lot of trouble with my ears.   I think my brother is somewhere nearby, he is think my brother is somewhere nearby, he is think my brother is somewhere nearby, he is ours. ours. ours. Brother, close your ears before that, sir, Brother, close your ears before that, sir, Brother, close your ears before that, sir, close your ears before that. close your ears before that. close your ears before that. Sonu, Sonu, Sonu, what about him? what about him? what about him? Sonu Bhai, can't you hear the sound of the flute Sonu Bhai, can't you hear the sound of the flute Sonu Bhai, can't you hear the sound of the flute ?  Brother, close your ears. ?  Brother, close your ears. ?  Brother, close your ears. Oh my god, Oh my god, Oh my god, what are you doing?  You will all die. what are you doing?  You will all die. what are you doing?  You will all die. You came again. You came again. You came again. Sonu, what happened friend?  Hey, be careful brother. Sonu, what happened friend?  Hey, be careful brother. Sonu, what happened friend?  Hey, be careful brother. Hey Sonu, be careful and try to come to your senses. Hey Sonu, be careful and try to come to your senses. Hey Sonu, be careful and try to come to your senses. Oh my friend, he will kill me. Oh my friend, he will kill me. Oh my friend, he will kill me. Dude, close your ears.  That friend with the flute. Dude, close your ears.  That friend with the flute. Dude, close your ears.  That friend with the flute. Sir, close your ears before that. Sir, close your ears before that. Sir, close your ears before that. He must be somewhere nearby, friend.  Look which side the friend is on.  Hey, He must be somewhere nearby, friend.  Look which side the friend is on.  Hey, He must be somewhere nearby, friend.  Look which side the friend is on.  Hey, look at the car, brother. look at the car, brother. look at the car, brother. Hey, Hey, Hey, what should be done about it?  How did he come what should be done about it?  How did he come what should be done about it?  How did he come here? here? here? Brother, somehow make him quiet. Brother, somehow make him quiet. Brother, somehow make him quiet. Aniket Bhai, he is sitting near the car. Aniket Bhai, he is sitting near the car. Aniket Bhai, he is sitting near the car. Oh, where is this going? Oh, where is this going? Oh, where is this going? How is this going? How is this going? How is this going? Aniket Aniket Aniket Bhai, drive him away from here. Bhai, drive him away from here. Bhai, drive him away from here. Brother, I think it affected him too. Brother, I think it affected him too. Brother, I think it affected him too. Brother, he is setting the sky shot on fire. Brother, he is setting the sky shot on fire. Brother, he is setting the sky shot on fire. It will burn like this. It will burn like this. It will burn like this. Brother is standing right on top of it.  This will burn, friend. Brother is standing right on top of it.  This will burn, friend. Brother is standing right on top of it.  This will burn, friend. Aniket, step back brother. Aniket, step back brother. Aniket, step back brother. Aniket. Aniket. Aniket. Brother, how did this happen between the two of them, with Brother, how did this happen between the two of them, with Brother, how did this happen between the two of them, with both of them together like this?  Brother, both of them together like this?  Brother, both of them together like this?  Brother, he did not close his ears, that is why he did not close his ears, that is why he did not close his ears, that is why his flute had an effect on him.  Brother, somehow we will have to his flute had an effect on him.  Brother, somehow we will have to his flute had an effect on him.  Brother, somehow we will have to silence his flute.  It silence his flute.  It silence his flute.  It started moving, friend. started moving, friend. started moving, friend. He is standing in front of him.  Hey He is standing in front of him.  Hey He is standing in front of him.  Hey brother, what happened Sonu brother?  Brother Sonu brother, what happened Sonu brother?  Brother Sonu brother, what happened Sonu brother?  Brother Sonu also fell.  But he would have to also fell.  But he would have to also fell.  But he would have to take the sword he was holding.  Brother, I don't know what happened to take the sword he was holding.  Brother, I don't know what happened to take the sword he was holding.  Brother, I don't know what happened to him. him. him. So see how he stood up.  Right here So see how he stood up.  Right here So see how he stood up.  Right here brother, in front of him, what is this? Hey, he has turned it brother, in front of him, what is this? Hey, he has turned it towards us, friend, towards us, friend, towards us, friend, why did he turn it down, why did he turn it down, why did he turn it down, brother, run away from here, brother, run away from here, brother, run away from here, look at your Sonu, what happened, how did he fall, look at your Sonu, what happened, how did he fall, what happened to Sonu here, friend, what happened to Sonu here, friend, what happened to Sonu here, friend, brother, I will have to silence his flute first, I have a brother, I will have to silence his flute first, I have a brother, I will have to silence his flute first, I have a sword, let's attack him, friend, sword, let's attack him, friend, sword, let's attack him, friend, come and catch him quickly, brother, brother, come and catch him quickly, brother, brother, where did Aniket Aniket happen, brother, brother, his ears are silent, where did Aniket Aniket happen, brother, brother, his ears are silent, where did Aniket Aniket happen, brother, brother, his ears are silent, friend, his ears are closed quickly, friend, his ears are closed quickly, friend, his ears are closed quickly, brother, Aniket, come to your senses, friend. brother, Aniket, come to your senses, friend. brother, Aniket, come to your senses, friend. Brother, he turned it towards us. Brother, he turned it towards us. Brother, he turned it towards us. His hands and legs are also working, friend. His hands and legs are also working, friend. His hands and legs are also working, friend. How is it crooked? How is it crooked? How is it crooked? Brother, let's quickly take him to the side in the car.  Come Brother, let's quickly take him to the side in the car.  Come Brother, let's quickly take him to the side in the car.  Come quickly brother. quickly brother. quickly brother. Oye where did it go?  I was right here right now.   It is Oye where did it go?  I was right here right now.   It is Oye where did it go?  I was right here right now.   It is not here either. not here either. not here either. Brother is nowhere, friend. Brother is nowhere, friend. Brother is nowhere, friend. Where could he have disappeared, friend?  Now Where could he have disappeared, friend?  Now Where could he have disappeared, friend?  Now even the sound of the flute is not coming.   Let's even the sound of the flute is not coming.   Let's even the sound of the flute is not coming.   Let's look at these.  These things did not get cured for them. look at these.  These things did not get cured for them. look at these.  These things did not get cured for them. Hey brother, Hey brother, Hey brother, hey, where is this smoke coming from hey, where is this smoke coming from hey, where is this smoke coming from brother, who dropped this cake, I have come to my brother, who dropped this cake, I have come to my brother, who dropped this cake, I have come to my senses friend, are you both alright, are you senses friend, are you both alright, are you senses friend, are you both alright, are you both alright or not, first tell me both alright or not, first tell me both alright or not, first tell me brother, you did not close your ears, so brother, you did not close your ears, so brother, you did not close your ears, so because of the voice of that flute player, you got controlled by him, do you because of the voice of that flute player, you got controlled by him, do you because of the voice of that flute player, you got controlled by him, do you know what scene you created brother, they know what scene you created brother, they know what scene you created brother, they burnt these sky shots and put them behind me and Ishaan, friend, we burnt these sky shots and put them behind me and Ishaan, friend, we burnt these sky shots and put them behind me and Ishaan, friend, we escaped with great difficulty escaped with great difficulty escaped with great difficulty and this Sonu came after us with a sword. and this Sonu came after us with a sword. and this Sonu came after us with a sword. This sword attack was behind us. This sword attack was behind us. This sword attack was behind us. Friend, we don't even remember you doing anything like that. Friend, we don't even remember you doing anything like that. Friend, we don't even remember you doing anything like that. Hey friend, they will do something like this to attack you people. Hey friend, they will do something like this to attack you people. Hey friend, they will do something like this to attack you people. We felt that he would not be able to get out of that village. We felt that he would not be able to get out of that village. We felt that he would not be able to get out of that village. But brother, that glimpse of her, her But brother, that glimpse of her, her But brother, that glimpse of her, her illusion came chasing us, friend. illusion came chasing us, friend. illusion came chasing us, friend. That flute player had come here. That flute player had come here. That flute player had come here. Hey friend, I had already told you not to go. Hey friend, I had already told you not to go. But brother, what can we do now? But brother, what can we do now? But brother, what can we do now? How to solve this thing.  If his deception How to solve this thing.  If his deception How to solve this thing.  If his deception comes once, it can come back to comes once, it can come back to comes once, it can come back to us again and again.  Brother, I will have to know something about him.   Only then can we finish us again and again.  Brother, I will have to know something about him.   Only then can we finish him off, friend.  But him off, friend.  But him off, friend.  But friend, then some temporary solution will be needed. friend, then some temporary solution will be needed. friend, then some temporary solution will be needed. Then how will we escape from it? Then how will we escape from it? Then how will we escape from it? Brother, just look, we come under his control with the sound of his flute. Brother, just look, we come under his control with the sound of his flute. Brother, just look, we come under his control with the sound of his flute. So brother, you can do one So brother, you can do one So brother, you can do one thing. thing. thing. Just as we can hear its tune etc., Just as we can hear its tune etc., Just as we can hear its tune etc., we can put something in our ears etc. so that we can put something in our ears etc. so that we can put something in our ears etc. so that its sound does not reach our ears. its sound does not reach our ears. We will bring the air plug.  It is not used in swimming We will bring the air plug.  It is not used in swimming We will bring the air plug.  It is not used in swimming as it does not enter the water.  Then even the sound will not go away.   You are as it does not enter the water.  Then even the sound will not go away.   You are right brother.  This thing will have to be done.  And right brother.  This thing will have to be done.  And right brother.  This thing will have to be done.  And this thing will have to be done tomorrow itself.  I'll have to find out this thing will have to be done tomorrow itself.  I'll have to find out this thing will have to be done tomorrow itself.  I'll have to find out about that, friend.  Now let's do one thing. about that, friend.  Now let's do one thing. about that, friend.  Now let's do one thing. Now get out of here brother. Now get out of here brother. Now get out of here brother. Brother could not even cut the cake properly. Brother could not even cut the cake properly. Brother could not even cut the cake properly. You are the one who threw this cake at me, friend. You are the one who threw this cake at me, friend. You are the one who threw this cake at me, friend. And he started chasing us with this sword. And he started chasing us with this sword. And he started chasing us with this sword. Hey brother, leave it, let's go home now.   We will do Hey brother, leave it, let's go home now.   We will do Hey brother, leave it, let's go home now.   We will do some session on this tomorrow. some session on this tomorrow. some session on this tomorrow. Get out of here, brother. Get out of here, brother. Get out of here, brother. Get in the car quickly, friend.