After 8 years of discussions with Calvin After 8 years of discussions with Calvin After 8 years of discussions with Calvin [music] today I finally logged in. [music] today I finally logged in. [music] today I finally logged in. Because yesterday's baptism video was so popular, Because yesterday's baptism video was so popular, Because yesterday's baptism video was so popular, I'll tell you what we were doing. I'll tell you what we were doing. I'll tell you what we were doing. I am Catholic and Calvin Christian. I am Catholic and Calvin Christian. I am Catholic and Calvin Christian. We've been together since 2018 and 3 months We've been together since 2018 and 3 months We've been together since 2018 and 3 months ago I finally got proposed to.  So because ago I finally got proposed to.  So because ago I finally got proposed to.  So because we agreed to have a Christian marriage, we agreed to have a Christian marriage, we agreed to have a Christian marriage, last May I decided to get baptized. last May I decided to get baptized. last May I decided to get baptized. It looks calm in the video.  But It looks calm in the video.  But It looks calm in the video.  But honestly, I was really nervous because this was my first honestly, I was really nervous because this was my first honestly, I was really nervous because this was my first time.  But luckily time.  But luckily time.  But luckily my family and Kalvin's family my family and Kalvin's family my family and Kalvin's family came to support us.  Even Kalvin brought came to support us.  Even Kalvin brought came to support us.  Even Kalvin brought this beautiful bouquet of flowers.  That day, this beautiful bouquet of flowers.  That day, this beautiful bouquet of flowers.  That day, all baptism participants were asked to wear all baptism participants were asked to wear all baptism participants were asked to wear dark clothes but covered with a white robe. dark clothes but covered with a white robe. dark clothes but covered with a white robe. The event began, we sang, listened to The event began, we sang, listened to The event began, we sang, listened to the sermon, then one by one we were called the sermon, then one by one we were called the sermon, then one by one we were called [music] to be baptized.  And when my name [music] to be baptized.  And when my name [music] to be baptized.  And when my name was called, honestly my heart wanted to jump out of my chest.  But was called, honestly my heart wanted to jump out of my chest.  But was called, honestly my heart wanted to jump out of my chest.  But it turned out to be really fast.  After it turned out to be really fast.  After it turned out to be really fast.  After baptism, I felt relieved. baptism, I felt relieved. baptism, I felt relieved. After that, I immediately took a photo with Calvin. After that, I immediately took a photo with Calvin. After that, I immediately took a photo with Calvin. Yes, in wet condition.  And it turned out that Yes, in wet condition.  And it turned out that Yes, in wet condition.  And it turned out that my little sister brought a hair dryer. my little sister brought a hair dryer. my little sister brought a hair dryer. So my mom let me dry my hair So my mom let me dry my hair So my mom let me dry my hair in the church lobby, she said she was afraid I would get a in the church lobby, she said she was afraid I would get a in the church lobby, she said she was afraid I would get a headache.  The point is that that day I was headache.  The point is that that day I was headache.  The point is that that day I was grateful to have been born again and to have the same grateful to have been born again and to have the same grateful to have been born again and to have the same faith as Calvin.  Follow for faith as Calvin.  Follow for faith as Calvin.  Follow for our other wedding preparation videos.