Many people suffer from flour related problems like Many people suffer from flour related problems like Many people suffer from flour related problems like indigestion, loss of appetite, nausea, indigestion, loss of appetite, nausea, indigestion, loss of appetite, nausea, constipation or gas.  These constipation or gas.  These constipation or gas.  These problems are so severe that no problems are so severe that no problems are so severe that no medicine works.  You should medicine works.  You should medicine works.  You should use products made from natural ingredients use products made from natural ingredients use products made from natural ingredients which do not have any side effects and which do not have any side effects and which do not have any side effects and give you complete relief.  This is the speciality of Agra give you complete relief.  This is the speciality of Agra give you complete relief.  This is the speciality of Agra Organics' Rahat Meda.  Which Organics' Rahat Meda.  Which Organics' Rahat Meda.  Which is made from natural ingredients and is made from natural ingredients and is made from natural ingredients and is a cure for all the diseases caused by flour.  Use one teaspoon of it is a cure for all the diseases caused by flour.  Use one teaspoon of it is a cure for all the diseases caused by flour.  Use one teaspoon of it with neem warm water in the morning and evening with neem warm water in the morning and evening with neem warm water in the morning and evening and after that you will feel the difference yourself. and after that you will feel the difference yourself. and after that you will feel the difference yourself. I have used this product myself I have used this product myself I have used this product myself so it is highly recommended from my side. so it is highly recommended from my side. so it is highly recommended from my side. So what are you waiting for So what are you waiting for So what are you waiting for ?  Visit their website ?  Visit their website ?  Visit their website www.raorganics.com now and www.raorganics.com now and www.raorganics.com now and order Rahat Meda.