I said give me a juice, but I won't take it. I said give me a juice, but I won't take it. I said give me a juice, but I won't take it. Jumperme bumper, Jumperme bumper, Jumperme bumper, here's what I put here, how much is here's what I put here, how much is here's what I put here, how much is that 1 rupee, brother, brother, I that 1 rupee, brother, brother, I that 1 rupee, brother, brother, I didn't take that much from the shop, brother, I didn't take that much from the shop, brother, I didn't take that much from the shop, brother, I took a juice. took a juice. took a juice. What is the price of sugar for me? What is the price of sugar for me? What is the price of sugar for me? Brother, why don't you put jaggery on me because of the sugar? Brother, why don't you put jaggery on me because of the sugar? Here is 250 rupees on the jaggery. Brother, what's the Here is 250 rupees on the jaggery. Brother, what's the matter? Pirikeda, matter? Pirikeda, matter? Pirikeda, how much has the sugar increased? I urgently need to how much has the sugar increased? I urgently need to how much has the sugar increased? I urgently need to go to the house and tell you that I have left sugar in the tea. go to the house and tell you that I have left sugar in the tea. go to the house and tell you that I have left sugar in the tea. My phone, what is my phone? Yes, you put it there, brother, did you see My phone, what is my phone? Yes, you put it there, brother, did you see My phone, what is my phone? Yes, you put it there, brother, did you see my phone? No, I didn't see it. Brother, please my phone? No, I didn't see it. Brother, please remember a little better. remember a little better. remember a little better. Brother, Brother, Brother, that second, our shop that second, our shop that second, our shop was on the highway, where 20 people come. He said, "You can't have your phone with you." Brother, " was on the highway, where 20 people come. He said, "You can't have your phone with you." Brother, " was on the highway, where 20 people come. He said, "You can't have your phone with you." Brother, " Okay, your phone." He said, "My uncle is a Okay, your phone." He said, "My uncle is a Okay, your phone." He said, "My uncle is a policeman." He called him. " policeman." He called him. " policeman." He called him. " Whatever you do today, this is your life, your life." your life, your life." your life, your life."