First tell me what happened.  My scooter First tell me what happened.  My scooter First tell me what happened.  My scooter touched his car, that too slightly. touched his car, that too slightly. touched his car, that too slightly. After that he did not listen to me at all.  He After that he did not listen to me at all.  He After that he did not listen to me at all.  He started beating me and look started beating me and look started beating me and look what condition he left me in. what condition he left me in. what condition he left me in. I will make his condition worse than this.  You just I will make his condition worse than this.  You just I will make his condition worse than this.  You just tell me that we are going on the right path and not on his.   I know for sure that tell me that we are going on the right path and not on his.   I know for sure that tell me that we are going on the right path and not on his.   I know for sure that you will stay here, just follow me. you will stay here, just follow me. you will stay here, just follow me. Come on brother, this is his flat. Come on brother, this is his flat. Come on brother, this is his flat. Come out, come out.  He raised his hand on my younger brother.  I will take your honour with me.  Come out. Come out, come out.  He raised his hand on my younger brother.  I will take your honour with me.  Come out. Good. Oh my God. Bhaiya, you should have told me earlier that you fought with the policeman. Bhaiya, you should have told me earlier that you fought with the policeman. Bhaiya, you should have told me earlier that you fought with the policeman. I myself came to know about it just now. When this policeman I myself came to know about it just now. When this policeman I myself came to know about it just now. When this policeman beat him yesterday, he was in his home clothes. He beat him yesterday, he was in his home clothes. He beat him yesterday, he was in his home clothes. He called him civil dress called him civil dress called him civil dress I am here brother.