The big Imam is big, the small Imam is big, Tanday The big Imam is big, the small Imam is big, Tanday The big Imam is big, the small Imam is big, Tanday Kebab.  Tell me where to go? Kebab.  Tell me where to go? Kebab.  Tell me where to go? Look at this. So look, these pickle boxes were So look, these pickle boxes were So look, these pickle boxes were all stopped because of them.  So all stopped because of them.  So all stopped because of them.  So guys, I just brought a water bottle. guys, I just brought a water bottle. guys, I just brought a water bottle. And who gets the water bottle?   Are you And who gets the water bottle?   Are you And who gets the water bottle?   Are you coming?  Look up.  [Music] coming?  Look up.  [Music] coming?  Look up.  [Music] What a view this is.  Oh brother, you have What a view this is.  Oh brother, you have What a view this is.  Oh brother, you have completely tilted the plane. completely tilted the plane. completely tilted the plane. Look how big this cloud is.  Guys look this is the Look how big this cloud is.  Guys look this is the Look how big this cloud is.  Guys look this is the first time I am seeing the plane so empty. first time I am seeing the plane so empty. first time I am seeing the plane so empty. So friends, today we are bidding So friends, today we are bidding So friends, today we are bidding farewell to UP and today we will go to Mumbai. farewell to UP and today we will go to Mumbai. farewell to UP and today we will go to Mumbai. We will leave from here at 8:00.  Then we will travel We will leave from here at 8:00.  Then we will travel We will leave from here at 8:00.  Then we will travel here and go to Lucknow.  Then from there here and go to Lucknow.  Then from there here and go to Lucknow.  Then from there directly to Mumbai by plane.  So look, we have directly to Mumbai by plane.  So look, we have directly to Mumbai by plane.  So look, we have reached the bus stand. reached the bus stand. reached the bus stand. Look there, many buses are going. Look there, many buses are going. Look there, many buses are going. Lucknow Lucknow Lucknow brother. brother. brother. Look, the bus is standing here.  Come to mommy. Look, the bus is standing here.  Come to mommy. Look, the bus is standing here.  Come to mommy. And we are sitting right in front.  Yes, look at this, right next to the And we are sitting right in front.  Yes, look at this, right next to the And we are sitting right in front.  Yes, look at this, right next to the driver uncle. driver uncle. driver uncle. So friends, our bus has now left So friends, our bus has now left So friends, our bus has now left for Lucknow.  It will take about one and a half to two hours to reach Lucknow. for Lucknow.  It will take about one and a half to two hours to reach Lucknow. So now we have arrived.  Look, the box is So now we have arrived.  Look, the box is So now we have arrived.  Look, the box is coming. coming. coming. This is Buxar Awa.  There are many buses parked here too This is Buxar Awa.  There are many buses parked here too This is Buxar Awa.  There are many buses parked here too and this one will stop here for a while and this one will stop here for a while and this one will stop here for a while so that some more passengers can board it.  So so that some more passengers can board it.  So so that some more passengers can board it.  So now we have reached here, now we have reached here, now we have reached here, look at the toll naka of Buxarava. look at the toll naka of Buxarava. look at the toll naka of Buxarava. So now we have got down from the bus and are going So now we have got down from the bus and are going So now we have got down from the bus and are going towards the metro because we will towards the metro because we will towards the metro because we will go to the airport by metro.  So just now Papa has brought tea go to the airport by metro.  So just now Papa has brought tea go to the airport by metro.  So just now Papa has brought tea and look there is a lot of tea in one cup. and look there is a lot of tea in one cup. So do you guys want to visit Lucknow?  I still have So do you guys want to visit Lucknow?  I still have So do you guys want to visit Lucknow?  I still have time.  I will turn it around.  Bada time.  I will turn it around.  Bada time.  I will turn it around.  Bada Imam Bada Chota Imam Bada Tanday Kebab Tell me Imam Bada Chota Imam Bada Tanday Kebab Tell me Imam Bada Chota Imam Bada Tanday Kebab Tell me where do you want to go Take where do you want to go Take where do you want to go Take Tanday Kebab Tanday Kebab Tanday Kebab Oh yes friend, I would have come a little earlier Take Tanday Kebab and left Oh yes friend, I would have come a little earlier Take Tanday Kebab and left Oh yes friend, I would have come a little earlier Take Tanday Kebab and left No yes friend I No yes friend I could have eaten and then gone Oh I will not go that far I will go there Go could have eaten and then gone Oh I will not go that far I will go there Go could have eaten and then gone Oh I will not go that far I will go there Go from Meenabad from Meenabad from Meenabad Airport It will be too much time Airport It will be too much time Airport It will be too much time So this is Alambagh Bus Stand Metro Station So this is Alambagh Bus Stand Metro Station So this is Alambagh Bus Stand Metro Station and from here we will go and let's see that nothing comes out again and from here we will go and let's see that nothing comes out again and from here we will go and let's see that nothing comes out again because last because last because last time when we were coming by metro a knife came out. time when we were coming by metro a knife came out. time when we were coming by metro a knife came out. Meaning we had a knife Meaning we had a knife Meaning we had a knife set with us which is why we didn't get to go. set with us which is why we didn't get to go. set with us which is why we didn't get to go. So we had to come back by auto again.  So now So we had to come back by auto again.  So now So we had to come back by auto again.  So now we have come up.  Look, the metro is also going. we have come up.  Look, the metro is also going. we have come up.  Look, the metro is also going. So now we will buy airport tickets from here. So now we will buy airport tickets from here. So now we will buy airport tickets from here. Three tickets.  Then we will go Three tickets.  Then we will go Three tickets.  Then we will go inside from here.  [MUSIC] You're checking in.  Let's inside from here.  [MUSIC] You're checking in.  Let's inside from here.  [MUSIC] You're checking in.  Let's see that nothing gets revealed during checking this time. see that nothing gets revealed during checking this time. see that nothing gets revealed during checking this time. Our security check has just been done. Our security check has just been done. Our security check has just been done. Come on, mom will come first.  Tap Come on, mom will come first.  Tap Come on, mom will come first.  Tap Yes Go.   Okay, Yes Go.   Okay, Yes Go.   Okay, I'm going now.   Come on. I'm going now.   Come on. I'm going now.   Come on. Now father will come.   Be careful. And the airport is the last station And the airport is the last station And the airport is the last station of the metro.   I have arrived. of the metro.   I have arrived. of the metro.   I have arrived. So now we have reached the platform.  The So now we have reached the platform.  The So now we have reached the platform.  The metro has also arrived in front.  But this is from metro has also arrived in front.  But this is from metro has also arrived in front.  But this is from another platform.  We have to another platform.  We have to another platform.  We have to go somewhere else.  We have to go to the airport. go somewhere else.  We have to go to the airport. go somewhere else.  We have to go to the airport. And Guys station is very small.  Plus there are And Guys station is very small.  Plus there are And Guys station is very small.  Plus there are n't many [music] people at the station. n't many [music] people at the station. n't many [music] people at the station. Only a few people are visible there on the Only a few people are visible there on the Only a few people are visible there on the platform in front.  The platform is also completely platform in front.  The platform is also completely platform in front.  The platform is also completely empty.  Look at this.   The metro has arrived.  Let's go in the metro. metro has arrived.  Let's go in the metro. metro has arrived.  Let's go in the metro. Now come on, let's go to the metro. Now come on, let's go to the metro. Now come on, let's go to the metro. Come and sit down.  The place has been found.  So now Come and sit down.  The place has been found.  So now Come and sit down.  The place has been found.  So now we boarded the metro.   The we boarded the metro.   The we boarded the metro.   The metro has already started running. Look at this in full. Look at this in full. Look at this in full. Something is being built at the airport.  Look at this. Something is being built at the airport.  Look at this. Something is being built at the airport.  Look at this. So now our train is going underground.   Let's So now our train is going underground.   Let's So now our train is going underground.   Let's see what the view is like underground.   The see what the view is like underground.   The see what the view is like underground.   The station station station doors will open now. doors will open now. doors will open now. Three two onekam this yes this is done.  Let us go. Three two onekam this yes this is done.  Let us go. Three two onekam this yes this is done.  Let us go. So now we have So now we have So now we have come out of the metro.  We came there by lift come out of the metro.  We came there by lift come out of the metro.  We came there by lift and this is the airport in front and our and this is the airport in front and our and this is the airport in front and our flight is at 2:00 or 2:15 and we have flight is at 2:00 or 2:15 and we have flight is at 2:00 or 2:15 and we have come much earlier so we will go to the come much earlier so we will go to the come much earlier so we will go to the airport, just sit and rest airport, just sit and rest airport, just sit and rest because we are tired.  So for Terminal Three because we are tired.  So for Terminal Three because we are tired.  So for Terminal Three we have to go here and arrival and departure are we have to go here and arrival and departure are we have to go here and arrival and departure are all here.  So we're going up now all here.  So we're going up now all here.  So we're going up now because we have to go up for the departure departure.  I because we have to go up for the departure departure.  I because we have to go up for the departure departure.  I also met my brother and he is also met my brother and he is also met my brother and he is also from our Raebareli. also from our Raebareli. also from our Raebareli. We've got you guys here.  I mean you people, I We've got you guys here.  I mean you people, I We've got you guys here.  I mean you people, I mean you people are our fans, mean you people are our fans, mean you people are our fans, selfies are going on at the airport.  And right now a selfies are going on at the airport.  And right now a selfies are going on at the airport.  And right now a lot of work is going on at the airport. lot of work is going on at the airport. lot of work is going on at the airport. Look, construction work is going on there too. Look, construction work is going on there too. Look, construction work is going on there too. So hot tea is coming out right now. So hot tea is coming out right now. So hot tea is coming out right now. Yes. Yes. Yes. Papa keeps drinking tea.  Wherever you Papa keeps drinking tea.  Wherever you Papa keeps drinking tea.  Wherever you go, you should not stop drinking tea.  Just go, you should not stop drinking tea.  Just go, you should not stop drinking tea.  Just drink this. Now I am relieved.  This has just been checked.  Let's go Now I am relieved.  This has just been checked.  Let's go Now I am relieved.  This has just been checked.  Let's go inside.   Let's inside.   Let's inside.   Let's say bye-bye to Lucknow.  Not now, say bye-bye to Lucknow.  Not now, say bye-bye to Lucknow.  Not now, after some time.  So see, here we will have to after some time.  So see, here we will have to after some time.  So see, here we will have to give our bag, suitcase, I mean.  So give our bag, suitcase, I mean.  So give our bag, suitcase, I mean.  So we also have an Indigo flight.  We came we also have an Indigo flight.  We came we also have an Indigo flight.  We came by Indigo and will go by Indigo.  So I have by Indigo and will go by Indigo.  So I have by Indigo and will go by Indigo.  So I have put the suitcase here. put the suitcase here. put the suitcase here. And its weight is only 17 kg.  Friends, there And its weight is only 17 kg.  Friends, there And its weight is only 17 kg.  Friends, there is pickle in our bag, that is why our bag is gone. is pickle in our bag, that is why our bag is gone. is pickle in our bag, that is why our bag is gone. Now checking will be done and then we will be Now checking will be done and then we will be Now checking will be done and then we will be released.  So look, these pickle boxes were released.  So look, these pickle boxes were released.  So look, these pickle boxes were all stopped because of them. all stopped because of them. all stopped because of them. So every time, last time also, So every time, last time also, So every time, last time also, yes, if you had come last time also then you must have checked it yes, if you had come last time also then you must have checked it yes, if you had come last time also then you must have checked it because because because pickle and pickle and pickle and papadwapad are also there in it.   I will papadwapad are also there in it.   I will papadwapad are also there in it.   I will go home and make papad and eat it. go home and make papad and eat it. go home and make papad and eat it. So finally all our checking is done.  Now So finally all our checking is done.  Now So finally all our checking is done.  Now we enter.   You we enter.   You we enter.   You look very beautiful, friend.  Lighting look very beautiful, friend.  Lighting look very beautiful, friend.  Lighting is also number one. is also number one. is also number one. Yes, taking photos is important, friend. Yes, taking photos is important, friend. Yes, taking photos is important, friend. Guys, we came from there, as soon as we Guys, we came from there, as soon as we Guys, we came from there, as soon as we came here, Gate number seventeen was right in front. came here, Gate number seventeen was right in front. came here, Gate number seventeen was right in front. Just now a plane is landing. Just now a plane is landing. Just now a plane is landing. Guys, I have just brought a bottle of water. Guys, I have just brought a bottle of water. Guys, I have just brought a bottle of water. And how much is a bottle of water? And how much is a bottle of water? And how much is a bottle of water? Of ₹130. Of ₹130. Of ₹130. ₹130 and water. ₹130 and water. ₹130 and water. Even in that, he took first place in getting water. Even in that, he took first place in getting water. Even in that, he took first place in getting water. Yes, Yes, Yes, then he said that the bill will come on that number.   He then he said that the bill will come on that number.   He then he said that the bill will come on that number.   He took good water.   He took good water.   He took good water.   He says that he is bringing it.   Were says that he is bringing it.   Were says that he is bringing it.   Were sitting. sitting. sitting. Then he brought a bottle of cold water. Then he brought a bottle of cold water. Then he brought a bottle of cold water. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Feeling good, I bought all the food. Feeling good, I bought all the food. Feeling good, I bought all the food. Yes. Yes. Yes. Now this guy's plane is going to say this one. Now this guy's plane is going to say this one. Now this guy's plane is going to say this one. It's out on the runway. Look guys, our Indigo flight has arrived.   We will Look guys, our Indigo flight has arrived.   We will sit in this and go.  So guys, the sit in this and go.  So guys, the sit in this and go.  So guys, the public has just started coming out.  Now everyone public has just started coming out.  Now everyone public has just started coming out.  Now everyone will sit in the bus and then go.  Then will sit in the bus and then go.  Then will sit in the bus and then go.  Then we will go when it is free.  Our pilot sir is leaving. we will go when it is free.  Our pilot sir is leaving. we will go when it is free.  Our pilot sir is leaving. These are our pilots.  Let Papa These are our pilots.  Let Papa These are our pilots.  Let Papa also come.  This and our seat number is 37 also come.  This and our seat number is 37 also come.  This and our seat number is 37 which is a little far so we will have to go. which is a little far so we will have to go. which is a little far so we will have to go. So friends, we are at the back, first, second So friends, we are at the back, first, second So friends, we are at the back, first, second [music], third, that means it is the third road from the back, [music], third, that means it is the third road from the back, [music], third, that means it is the third road from the back, we were at the front, I do we were at the front, I do we were at the front, I do n't know, at the back, n't know, at the back, n't know, at the back, look guys, a plane is coming right now, look guys, a plane is coming right now, look guys, a plane is coming right now, two people are giving it signal and two people are giving it signal and two people are giving it signal and look there, a plane is coming to land, look there, a plane is coming to land, look there, a plane is coming to land, look it is coming, look it is coming, look it is coming, look at this above look at this above look at this above [music] what a view is coming, oh look, a plane will land but I will look, a plane will land but I will look, a plane will land but I will not be able to show the entire landing because it will go ahead, not be able to show the entire landing because it will go ahead, not be able to show the entire landing because it will go ahead, look it will move ahead [music], look it will move ahead [music], look it will move ahead [music], okay the plane is not moving, the car is okay the plane is not moving, the car is okay the plane is not moving, the car is pushing it, just pushing it, just pushing it, just now I was going to hit the seat belt, it now I was going to hit the seat belt, it now I was going to hit the seat belt, it says it is mine, oh so says it is mine, oh so says it is mine, oh so this one on my side is this one on my side is this one on my side is also saying mine and yours with the seat belt. also saying mine and yours with the seat belt. also saying mine and yours with the seat belt. But look at it.  Hey go, you will do it brother in the wedding. But look at it.  Hey go, you will do it brother in the wedding. Brother, Brother, Brother, I don't want it.  Keep your seat belt on. I don't want it.  Keep your seat belt on. I don't want it.  Keep your seat belt on. I have put mine on.  Rakiya planted I have put mine on.  Rakiya planted I have put mine on.  Rakiya planted his. his. his. Rakiya also wore the seat belt.  The Rakiya also wore the seat belt.  The Rakiya also wore the seat belt.  The flight is about to take off, friends. flight is about to take off, friends. flight is about to take off, friends. Look, we have reached the runway and the plane is Look, we have reached the runway and the plane is Look, we have reached the runway and the plane is now turning. now turning. now turning. Now we will be in the skies in a few minutes. Now we will be in the skies in a few minutes. Now we will be in the skies in a few minutes. We have launched it very quickly. We have launched it very quickly. We have launched it very quickly. We will just be in the skies. We will just be in the skies. We will just be in the skies. Lucknow is called Bay-B. Lucknow is called Bay-B. Lucknow is called Bay-B. Now I don't know when I will have to come here. Now I don't know when I will have to come here. Now I don't know when I will have to come here. Blow it up brother.  Blow it up. Blow it up brother.  Blow it up. Blow it up brother.  Blow it up. Fly. Fly. Fly. When will he blow it?  It flew away.  It flew away.  It flew away.  Fly. Oh brother. Oh brother. Oh brother. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. We are getting the entire view here.  Cool We are getting the entire view here.  Cool We are getting the entire view here.  Cool Lucknow.  Look, the Parliament is visible. Lucknow.  Look, the Parliament is visible. Lucknow.  Look, the Parliament is visible. Assembly. Assembly. Assembly. Assembly is visible Guys. So now we have reached the very height. So now we have reached the very height. So now we have reached the very height. We are getting a great view of the clouds.  The land is We are getting a great view of the clouds.  The land is We are getting a great view of the clouds.  The land is not visible.  Only clouds and sky are visible. not visible.  Only clouds and sky are visible. not visible.  Only clouds and sky are visible. Now it will take us 1 hour and 45 minutes to Now it will take us 1 hour and 45 minutes to Now it will take us 1 hour and 45 minutes to reach there. reach there. reach there. Look friends, I am driving two children. Look friends, I am driving two children. Look friends, I am driving two children. A child is lying here.  A child A child is lying here.  A child A child is lying here.  A child is lying here.  This big child, this small child and is lying here.  This big child, this small child and is lying here.  This big child, this small child and I am sitting here. I am sitting here. I am sitting here. Or oh brother, you have completely tilted the plane, oh brother, you have completely tilted the plane, oh brother, you have completely tilted the plane, look how big the cloud is, look guys, there is a bridge, there is sea on both sides, there is an look guys, there is a bridge, there is sea on both sides, there is an look guys, there is a bridge, there is sea on both sides, there is an empty bridge in the middle, I am empty bridge in the middle, I am empty bridge in the middle, I am not able to understand which bridge it is, but it is there.   In not able to understand which bridge it is, but it is there.   In not able to understand which bridge it is, but it is there.   In this way, things become understandable on the ground.   I ca this way, things become understandable on the ground.   I ca this way, things become understandable on the ground.   I ca n't understand from the sky.  Look guys, n't understand from the sky.  Look guys, n't understand from the sky.  Look guys, you can see this faint trail. you can see this faint trail. you can see this faint trail. This light train is like air. This light train is like air. This light train is like air. Look, this line is forming.  A little bit, just like a Look, this line is forming.  A little bit, just like a Look, this line is forming.  A little bit, just like a highway, highway, highway, very narrow, very narrow, very narrow, look here, local train, local train, look here, local train, local train, look here, local train, local train, tell me, hey, look, the local train is about to tell me, hey, look, the local train is about to tell me, hey, look, the local train is about to land in land in land in Mumbai, we have finally reached Mumbai, Mumbai, we have finally reached Mumbai, Mumbai, we have finally reached Mumbai, look [sound of clearing throat] the look [sound of clearing throat] the look [sound of clearing throat] the garden has come, the run is also visible, a little bit, oh slowly, oh hey, you garden has come, the run is also visible, a little bit, oh slowly, oh hey, you landed at a very high speed.   The landing was a landing was a landing was a very dangerous landing, friend.  Guys, look, for the very dangerous landing, friend.  Guys, look, for the very dangerous landing, friend.  Guys, look, for the first time I am seeing the plane so empty first time I am seeing the plane so empty first time I am seeing the plane so empty because we were at the back and now we are leaving, so because we were at the back and now we are leaving, so because we were at the back and now we are leaving, so everyone has got up and left.  Look guys, everyone has got up and left.  Look guys, everyone has got up and left.  Look guys, now we will go through this, so we will have to go. now we will go through this, so we will have to go. now we will go through this, so we will have to go. But if we want, we But if we want, we But if we want, we can also walk, which will help us can also walk, which will help us can also walk, which will help us reach there faster.  Okay, this will reach there faster.  Okay, this will reach there faster.  Okay, this will double our speed.  Look, if we double our speed.  Look, if we double our speed.  Look, if we go now, we will go very fast. go now, we will go very fast. go now, we will go very fast. Look, it seems as if you are going on a bicycle or Look, it seems as if you are going on a bicycle or Look, it seems as if you are going on a bicycle or a motorcycle.  Hey mom, a motorcycle.  Hey mom, a motorcycle.  Hey mom, I didn't see it, I was leaving. I didn't see it, I was leaving. I didn't see it, I was leaving. So guys, we've got our belts now. So guys, we've got our belts now. So guys, we've got our belts now. My belt number is 13.  Our My belt number is 13.  Our My belt number is 13.  Our luggage has just arrived.  Yes, it is ours.  Pick it up.  Firstly, luggage has just arrived.  Yes, it is ours.  Pick it up.  Firstly, luggage has just arrived.  Yes, it is ours.  Pick it up.  Firstly, this is a very heavy attack, friend.  This this is a very heavy attack, friend.  This this is a very heavy attack, friend.  This is our suitcase.  So now we have booked Ola. is our suitcase.  So now we have booked Ola. is our suitcase.  So now we have booked Ola. So here the meaning is this is direct.  Get in So here the meaning is this is direct.  Get in So here the meaning is this is direct.  Get in whatever sedan you can find. whatever sedan you can find. whatever sedan you can find. You just have to give the OTP. You just have to give the OTP. You just have to give the OTP. Rest, just sit in the car from anywhere. Rest, just sit in the car from anywhere. Rest, just sit in the car from anywhere. So guys we're home now and we're So guys we're home now and we're So guys we're home now and we're all pretty tired and we got home at 7:00. all pretty tired and we got home at 7:00. all pretty tired and we got home at 7:00. So guys, I have just brought the So guys, I have just brought the So guys, I have just brought the Chinese lamb from downstairs because I was feeling very Chinese lamb from downstairs because I was feeling very Chinese lamb from downstairs because I was feeling very hungry. So today we have finally come to Mumbai from UP So today we have finally come to Mumbai from UP So today we have finally come to Mumbai from UP and we are all very tired.  So, I will and we are all very tired.  So, I will and we are all very tired.  So, I will rest now.  So see you guys rest now.  So see you guys rest now.  So see you guys in the next video.  Till then in the next video.  Till then in the next video.  Till then please like, comment, share and subscribe to the channel.  Thank please like, comment, share and subscribe to the channel.  Thank please like, comment, share and subscribe to the channel.  Thank you.  Bye.