The big Imam is big, the small Imam is big, Tanday
Kebab. Tell me where to go?
Look at this.
So look, these pickle boxes were
all stopped because of them. So
guys, I just brought a water bottle.
And who gets the water bottle? Are you
coming? Look up. [Music]
What a view this is. Oh brother, you have
completely tilted the plane.
Look how big this cloud is. Guys look this is the
first time I am seeing the plane so empty.
So friends, today we are bidding
farewell to UP and today we will go to Mumbai.
We will leave from here at 8:00. Then we will travel
here and go to Lucknow. Then from there
directly to Mumbai by plane. So look, we have
reached the bus stand.
Look there, many buses are going.
Lucknow
brother.
Look, the bus is standing here. Come to mommy.
And we are sitting right in front. Yes, look at this, right next to the
driver uncle.
So friends, our bus has now left
for Lucknow. It will take about one and a half to two hours to reach Lucknow.
So now we have arrived. Look, the box is
coming.
This is Buxar Awa. There are many buses parked here too
and this one will stop here for a while
so that some more passengers can board it. So
now we have reached here,
look at the toll naka of Buxarava.
So now we have got down from the bus and are going
towards the metro because we will
go to the airport by metro. So just now Papa has brought tea
and look there is a lot of tea in one cup.
So do you guys want to visit Lucknow? I still have
time. I will turn it around. Bada
Imam Bada Chota Imam Bada Tanday Kebab Tell me
where do you want to go Take
Tanday Kebab
Oh yes friend, I would have come a little earlier Take Tanday Kebab and left
No yes friend I
could have eaten and then gone Oh I will not go that far I will go there Go
from Meenabad
Airport It will be too much time
So this is Alambagh Bus Stand Metro Station
and from here we will go and let's see that nothing comes out again
because last
time when we were coming by metro a knife came out.
Meaning we had a knife
set with us which is why we didn't get to go.
So we had to come back by auto again. So now
we have come up. Look, the metro is also going.
So now we will buy airport tickets from here.
Three tickets. Then we will go
inside from here. [MUSIC] You're checking in. Let's
see that nothing gets revealed during checking this time.
Our security check has just been done.
Come on, mom will come first. Tap
Yes Go. Okay,
I'm going now. Come on.
Now father will come. Be careful.
And the airport is the last station
of the metro. I have arrived.
So now we have reached the platform. The
metro has also arrived in front. But this is from
another platform. We have to
go somewhere else. We have to go to the airport.
And Guys station is very small. Plus there are
n't many [music] people at the station.
Only a few people are visible there on the
platform in front. The platform is also completely
empty. Look at this. The
metro has arrived. Let's go in the metro.
Now come on, let's go to the metro.
Come and sit down. The place has been found. So now
we boarded the metro. The
metro has already started running.
Look at this in full.
Something is being built at the airport. Look at this.
So now our train is going underground. Let's
see what the view is like underground. The
station
doors will open now.
Three two onekam this yes this is done. Let us go.
So now we have
come out of the metro. We came there by lift
and this is the airport in front and our
flight is at 2:00 or 2:15 and we have
come much earlier so we will go to the
airport, just sit and rest
because we are tired. So for Terminal Three
we have to go here and arrival and departure are
all here. So we're going up now
because we have to go up for the departure departure. I
also met my brother and he is
also from our Raebareli.
We've got you guys here. I mean you people, I
mean you people are our fans,
selfies are going on at the airport. And right now a
lot of work is going on at the airport.
Look, construction work is going on there too.
So hot tea is coming out right now.
Yes.
Papa keeps drinking tea. Wherever you
go, you should not stop drinking tea. Just
drink this.
Now I am relieved. This has just been checked. Let's go
inside. Let's
say bye-bye to Lucknow. Not now,
after some time. So see, here we will have to
give our bag, suitcase, I mean. So
we also have an Indigo flight. We came
by Indigo and will go by Indigo. So I have
put the suitcase here.
And its weight is only 17 kg. Friends, there
is pickle in our bag, that is why our bag is gone.
Now checking will be done and then we will be
released. So look, these pickle boxes were
all stopped because of them.
So every time, last time also,
yes, if you had come last time also then you must have checked it
because
pickle and
papadwapad are also there in it. I will
go home and make papad and eat it.
So finally all our checking is done. Now
we enter. You
look very beautiful, friend. Lighting
is also number one.
Yes, taking photos is important, friend.
Guys, we came from there, as soon as we
came here, Gate number seventeen was right in front.
Just now a plane is landing.
Guys, I have just brought a bottle of water.
And how much is a bottle of water?
Of ₹130.
₹130 and water.
Even in that, he took first place in getting water.
Yes,
then he said that the bill will come on that number. He
took good water. He
says that he is bringing it. Were
sitting.
Then he brought a bottle of cold water.
Yes.
Feeling good, I bought all the food.
Yes.
Now this guy's plane is going to say this one.
It's
out on the runway.
Look guys, our Indigo flight has arrived. We will
sit in this and go. So guys, the
public has just started coming out. Now everyone
will sit in the bus and then go. Then
we will go when it is free. Our pilot sir is leaving.
These are our pilots. Let Papa
also come. This and our seat number is 37
which is a little far so we will have to go.
So friends, we are at the back, first, second
[music], third, that means it is the third road from the back,
we were at the front, I do
n't know, at the back,
look guys, a plane is coming right now,
two people are giving it signal and
look there, a plane is coming to land,
look it is coming,
look at this above
[music] what a view is coming, oh
look, a plane will land but I will
not be able to show the entire landing because it will go ahead,
look it will move ahead [music],
okay the plane is not moving, the car is
pushing it, just
now I was going to hit the seat belt, it
says it is mine, oh so
this one on my side is
also saying mine and yours with the seat belt.
But look at it. Hey go, you will do it brother in the wedding.
Brother,
I don't want it. Keep your seat belt on.
I have put mine on. Rakiya planted
his.
Rakiya also wore the seat belt. The
flight is about to take off, friends.
Look, we have reached the runway and the plane is
now turning.
Now we will be in the skies in a few minutes.
We have launched it very quickly.
We will just be in the skies.
Lucknow is called Bay-B.
Now I don't know when I will have to come here.
Blow it up brother. Blow it up.
Fly.
When will he blow it? It flew away. It flew away. It flew away. Fly.
Oh brother.
Look at this.
We are getting the entire view here. Cool
Lucknow. Look, the Parliament is visible.
Assembly.
Assembly is visible Guys.
So now we have reached the very height.
We are getting a great view of the clouds. The land is
not visible. Only clouds and sky are visible.
Now it will take us 1 hour and 45 minutes to
reach there.
Look friends, I am driving two children.
A child is lying here. A child
is lying here. This big child, this small child and
I am sitting here.
Or
oh brother, you have completely tilted the plane,
look how big the cloud is,
look guys, there is a bridge, there is sea on both sides, there is an
empty bridge in the middle, I am
not able to understand which bridge it is, but it is there. In
this way, things become understandable on the ground. I ca
n't understand from the sky. Look guys,
you can see this faint trail.
This light train is like air.
Look, this line is forming. A little bit, just like a
highway,
very narrow,
look here, local train, local train,
tell me, hey, look, the local train is about to
land in
Mumbai, we have finally reached Mumbai,
look [sound of clearing throat] the
garden has come, the run is also visible, a little bit, oh slowly, oh hey, you
landed at a very high speed. The
landing was a
very dangerous landing, friend. Guys, look, for the
first time I am seeing the plane so empty
because we were at the back and now we are leaving, so
everyone has got up and left. Look guys,
now we will go through this, so we will have to go.
But if we want, we
can also walk, which will help us
reach there faster. Okay, this will
double our speed. Look, if we
go now, we will go very fast.
Look, it seems as if you are going on a bicycle or
a motorcycle. Hey mom,
I didn't see it, I was leaving.
So guys, we've got our belts now.
My belt number is 13. Our
luggage has just arrived. Yes, it is ours. Pick it up. Firstly,
this is a very heavy attack, friend. This
is our suitcase. So now we have booked Ola.
So here the meaning is this is direct. Get in
whatever sedan you can find.
You just have to give the OTP.
Rest, just sit in the car from anywhere.
So guys we're home now and we're
all pretty tired and we got home at 7:00.
So guys, I have just brought the
Chinese lamb from downstairs because I was feeling very
hungry.
So today we have finally come to Mumbai from UP
and we are all very tired. So, I will
rest now. So see you guys
in the next video. Till then
please like, comment, share and subscribe to the channel. Thank
you. Bye.
