Please explain a little to my wife.  She fights with her mother a Please explain a little to my wife.  She fights with her mother a Please explain a little to my wife.  She fights with her mother a little more.  What has little more.  What has little more.  What has happened? happened? happened? From whose mother? From whose mother? From whose mother? From my mother. From my mother. From my mother. battle. battle. battle. Why do you fight? Why do you fight? Why do you fight? Guruji is lying. Guruji is lying. Guruji is lying. [laughter] When he [laughter] When he [laughter] When he talks a little loudly, talks a little loudly, talks a little loudly, Mom gets a little upset. Mom gets a little upset. Mom gets a little upset. How do you speak mother-in-law? No. No. Guruji, did you not bring water? Guruji, did you not bring water? Guruji, did you not bring water? Where is the salt kept?  Mother-in-law [laughs] Where is the salt kept?  Mother-in-law [laughs] Where is the salt kept?  Mother-in-law [laughs] speaks like that.   There are speaks like that.   There are speaks like that.   There are no. no. no. How do you talk to your mother-in-law? Not by shouting, not in a How do you talk to your mother-in-law? Not by shouting, not in a How do you talk to your mother-in-law? Not by shouting, not in a high voice, think carefully, speak in such a way that it high voice, think carefully, speak in such a way that it high voice, think carefully, speak in such a way that it calms down the mind and others, you become calms down the mind and others, you become calms down the mind and others, you become calm, well calm, well calm, well if we can make someone happy by speaking then if we can make someone happy by speaking then if we can make someone happy by speaking then tell me is there any expense, that is tell me is there any expense, that is tell me is there any expense, that is why speak in such a way, speak in a nice way that why speak in such a way, speak in a nice way that why speak in such a way, speak in a nice way that everyone likes it, everyone likes it, everyone likes it, well well well tomorrow you will also become a mother-in-law, you will also get a daughter-in-law, what you say tomorrow you will also become a mother-in-law, you will also get a daughter-in-law, what you say tomorrow you will also become a mother-in-law, you will also get a daughter-in-law, what you say is right [laughs] if is right [laughs] if is right [laughs] if he speaks to you in a high voice, he speaks to you in a high voice, he speaks to you in a high voice, you will only feel bad. That's why the mother-in-law also wants some happiness from her daughter-in-law. That's why the mother-in-law also wants some happiness from her daughter-in-law. That's why the mother-in-law also wants some happiness from her daughter-in-law. Okay, Okay, Okay, give some happiness to your mother-in-law.  Now give some happiness to your mother-in-law.  Now give some happiness to your mother-in-law.  Now what happiness will you give by shouting? what happiness will you give by shouting? what happiness will you give by shouting? Maiya, say it lovingly, Maa ji, Maa Maiya, say it lovingly, Maa ji, Maa Maiya, say it lovingly, Maa ji, Maa ji.  Isn't it?  On one hand you call me mother. ji.  Isn't it?  On one hand you call me mother. ji.  Isn't it?  On one hand you call me mother. You say she is my mother. You say she is my mother. You say she is my mother. What has happened?  What am I hearing? What has happened?  What am I hearing? What has happened?  What am I hearing? So you shout on the other side.  [laughs] Relationships have become a formality these days. Relationships have become a formality these days. Relationships have become a formality these days. Good.   The one whom Good.   The one whom Good.   The one whom we call mother, treat her like a mother. we call mother, treat her like a mother. we call mother, treat her like a mother. Once we call someone sister, we will Once we call someone sister, we will maintain a sisterly relationship with her throughout our life. maintain a sisterly relationship with her throughout our life. maintain a sisterly relationship with her throughout our life. Or is it just that I said it was a joke? Or is it just that I said it was a joke? Or is it just that I said it was a joke? No [laughs] No [laughs] No [laughs] No jokes in relationships.  Relationship means No jokes in relationships.  Relationship means No jokes in relationships.  Relationship means relationship.  It is a fact. relationship.  It is a fact. relationship.  It is a fact. My son drinks a lot of alcohol.  The daughter-in-law My son drinks a lot of alcohol.  The daughter-in-law My son drinks a lot of alcohol.  The daughter-in-law is also sitting here.  Very upset. is also sitting here.  Very upset. is also sitting here.  Very upset. What has happened?  [laughter] What am What has happened?  [laughter] What am What has happened?  [laughter] What am I hearing?   Get me to I hearing?   Get me to I hearing?   Get me to talk.  What is your name? talk.  What is your name? talk.  What is your name? Discretion. Discretion. Discretion. Vivek, you are the Vivek.  So you drink alcohol every day Vivek, you are the Vivek.  So you drink alcohol every day Vivek, you are the Vivek.  So you drink alcohol every day ? ? ? Or Or Or what do you earn?  How much do you earn?   I what do you earn?  How much do you earn?   I what do you earn?  How much do you earn?   I earn ₹600. earn ₹600. earn ₹600. Good! Good! Good! ₹600 ₹600 ₹600 Yes. Yes. What do you do with ₹600 a day?   I What do you do with ₹600 a day?   I What do you do with ₹600 a day?   I sell liquor. sell liquor. sell liquor. Hey! God.  [laughter] Do Hey! God.  [laughter] Do Hey! God.  [laughter] Do you sell liquor?  The only good work is to sell. you sell liquor?  The only good work is to sell. you sell liquor?  The only good work is to sell. So you must be telling the customers after drinking it.  Look, So you must be telling the customers after drinking it.  Look, So you must be telling the customers after drinking it.  Look, I drank it and gave it to you. I drank it and gave it to you. I drank it and gave it to you. So before giving it to the customers, they would open the lid and So before giving it to the customers, they would open the lid and So before giving it to the customers, they would open the lid and drink it and then give it to them.  Isn't it? drink it and then give it to them.  Isn't it? drink it and then give it to them.  Isn't it? Mixing water Mixing water Mixing water So you also sell liquor mixed with water? So you also sell liquor mixed with water? So you also sell liquor mixed with water? Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. Just think, water is not mixed in milk.  It is Just think, water is not mixed in milk.  It is Just think, water is not mixed in milk.  It is also mixed in liquor.  [laughter] also mixed in liquor.  [laughter] also mixed in liquor.  [laughter] So, how does the water get locked in the bottle So, how does the water get locked in the bottle So, how does the water get locked in the bottle ?   He ?   He ?   He takes his goods in open form, not in bottles. takes his goods in open form, not in bottles. takes his goods in open form, not in bottles. Open Open Open well. well. well. So you sell Paa? So you sell Paa? So you sell Paa? Yes, Tra. Yes, Tra. Yes, Tra. So why do you drink?  After drinking he has some So why do you drink?  After drinking he has some So why do you drink?  After drinking he has some strength to speak.  [music] strength to speak.  [music] strength to speak.  [music] What? What? What? Hey, I don't drink alcohol but still I talk all day long.   If a Hey, I don't drink alcohol but still I talk all day long.   If a customer shouts, he has to speak. customer shouts, he has to speak. So you see, customers are talking to us every day, they So you see, customers are talking to us every day, they So you see, customers are talking to us every day, they talk all day long.  We do talk all day long.  We do talk all day long.  We do n't drink. n't drink. n't drink. Come on mother, I swear. Come on mother, I swear. Come on mother, I swear. Now this liquor seller should also stop working. Now this liquor seller should also stop working. Now this liquor seller should also stop working. Do something else.  You can earn Rs 600 anywhere.   It Do something else.  You can earn Rs 600 anywhere.   It Do something else.  You can earn Rs 600 anywhere.   It is a fact.  [laughter] That's what I'll have to do. is a fact.  [laughter] That's what I'll have to do. is a fact.  [laughter] That's what I'll have to do. Tell me whether drinking alcohol is right or wrong. Tell me whether drinking alcohol is right or wrong. Tell me whether drinking alcohol is right or wrong. This is wrong.   It This is wrong.   It This is wrong.   It is wrong. is wrong. is wrong. What's wrong with alcohol?  Tell. What's wrong with alcohol?  Tell. What's wrong with alcohol?  Tell. What's wrong with alcohol?  The brain does not work.   Does What's wrong with alcohol?  The brain does not work.   Does What's wrong with alcohol?  The brain does not work.   Does n't work.  So why do you drink when you know n't work.  So why do you drink when you know n't work.  So why do you drink when you know ?  [laughter] ?  [laughter] ?  [laughter] That hand shakes for this. That hand shakes for this. That hand shakes for this. Hey! God.   Does your Hey! God.   Does your Hey! God.   Does your hand tremble? hand tremble? hand tremble? Yes.   Then if I Yes.   Then if I drink it I will start mumbling. drink it I will start mumbling. drink it I will start mumbling. So your hands don't tremble after drinking?   Will So your hands don't tremble after drinking?   Will So your hands don't tremble after drinking?   Will not tremble. not tremble. not tremble. So this is a medicine for shaking hands?   Do you make your wife drink alcohol too? wife drink alcohol too? wife drink alcohol too? What has happened?  What am I hearing? What has happened?  What am I hearing? What has happened?  What am I hearing? No. No. No. And does dad drink alcohol?   No. No.   If you were And does dad drink alcohol?   No. No.   If you were teaching Bhagavad Gita teaching Bhagavad Gita teaching Bhagavad Gita then why did you become bad brother [laughs] then why did you become bad brother [laughs] then why did you become bad brother [laughs] father reads Bhagavad Gita, father reads Bhagavad Gita, father reads Bhagavad Gita, everything became good because of the lockdown, everything became good because of the lockdown, everything became good because of the lockdown, now leave this liquor shop, leave your job, do some now leave this liquor shop, leave your job, do some now leave this liquor shop, leave your job, do some other other other work, earn Rs. 000 per month, that means Rs. 000 per day, work, earn Rs. 000 per month, that means Rs. 000 per day, work, earn Rs. 000 per month, that means Rs. 000 per day, what is the problem what is the problem what is the problem or or or but now I swear to my mother that you will not drink alcohol, but now I swear to my mother that you will not drink alcohol, but now I swear to my mother that you will not drink alcohol, all those who drink alcohol have been ruined, all those who drink alcohol have been ruined, all those who drink alcohol have been ruined, well I have taught them, they are well I have taught them, they are well I have taught them, they are troubled, if someone's life would improve by drinking alcohol troubled, if someone's life would improve by drinking alcohol troubled, if someone's life would improve by drinking alcohol then all those who drink alcohol would be on the right then all those who drink alcohol would be on the right then all those who drink alcohol would be on the right path.   A path.   A path.   A good good good drinker doesn't work.  He remains poor.   Does drinker doesn't work.  He remains poor.   Does not give time to family.  Children become orphans. not give time to family.  Children become orphans. Oh my God [laughs] I ca Oh my God [laughs] I ca Oh my God [laughs] I ca n't read or write.  Come son, life is n't read or write.  Come son, life is n't read or write.  Come son, life is given by God.  The body is precious.  One day the body does given by God.  The body is precious.  One day the body does given by God.  The body is precious.  One day the body does not exist. not exist. not exist. Or the Or the Or the person dies.  [music] person dies.  [music] person dies.  [music] What?   One What?   One What?   One should move ahead by doing good work. should move ahead by doing good work. should move ahead by doing good work. What will you get by drinking alcohol? What will you get by drinking alcohol? What will you get by drinking alcohol? Your body was so good before.  Now look, it has Your body was so good before.  Now look, it has Your body was so good before.  Now look, it has dried completely.   I made a dried completely.   I made a dried completely.   I made a big mistake, sir. big mistake, sir. big mistake, sir. So is alcohol bothering you or not? So is alcohol bothering you or not? So is alcohol bothering you or not? So no more drinking.  If you want, you can give up alcohol. So no more drinking.  If you want, you can give up alcohol. So no more drinking.  If you want, you can give up alcohol. Well, Well, Well, and when you quit, the society will learn from you and when you quit, the society will learn from you and when you quit, the society will learn from you that look, Vivek ji has quit drinking, so that look, Vivek ji has quit drinking, so that look, Vivek ji has quit drinking, so why can't we?  You will become an inspiration for the society. why can't we?  You will become an inspiration for the society. I wanted to ask, you have a lot of women who are I wanted to ask, you have a lot of women who are I wanted to ask, you have a lot of women who are crazy about you.  What has happened? crazy about you.  What has happened? crazy about you.  What has happened? Because you are so beautiful and powerful. Because you are so beautiful and powerful. Because you are so beautiful and powerful. What am I hearing?   Have What am I hearing?   Have What am I hearing?   Have you ever had a crush on someone? you ever had a crush on someone? you ever had a crush on someone? [laughs] Have [laughs] Have [laughs] Have you ever had a crush on anyone? you ever had a crush on anyone? you ever had a crush on anyone? What is a crush?   Has What is a crush?   Has What is a crush?   Has anyone made you crazy? anyone made you crazy? I am crazy about you and God.  He is crazy about God. I am crazy about you and God.  He is crazy about God. No, there are women who are crazy about you. No, there are women who are crazy about you. No, there are women who are crazy about you. The gopis came.  Hey, all of them are our mothers and sisters.   No The gopis came.  Hey, all of them are our mothers and sisters.   No The gopis came.  Hey, all of them are our mothers and sisters.   No one is crazy. one is crazy. one is crazy. Hey, did you never come?  [laughter] Hey, did you never come?  [laughter] Hey, did you never come?  [laughter] Maiya, I am asking, have you come to Vrindavan?   No no, I had come to Maiya, I am asking, have you come to Vrindavan?   No no, I had come to Maiya, I am asking, have you come to Vrindavan?   No no, I had come to visit.   So visit.   So visit.   So what are you seeing?  The opposite what are you seeing?  The opposite what are you seeing?  The opposite came to my mind that if this happens to you sometimes, then came to my mind that if this happens to you sometimes, then came to my mind that if this happens to you sometimes, then you are also a human being, right?   Do you you are also a human being, right?   Do you you are also a human being, right?   Do you understand?   Do you understand?   Do you understand?   Do you understand? understand? understand? Yes, they are humans. Yes, they are humans. Yes, they are humans. Yes.  So we have married every human being to someone or the other. Yes.  So we have married every human being to someone or the other. Yes.  So we have married every human being to someone or the other. You are our You are our You are our wife. wife. wife. So is she your wife?  [laughter] So is she your wife?  [laughter] Lives with his wife.  Why don't you Lives with his wife.  Why don't you Lives with his wife.  Why don't you know? know? know? No, I didn't know. No, I didn't know. No, I didn't know. Hey Ram Ram Ram.  [laughter] So is our wife.  Lives with his wife.  There are So is our wife.  Lives with his wife.  There are So is our wife.  Lives with his wife.  There are children too.  Give what God has given you. children too.  Give what God has given you. children too.  Give what God has given you. Well, God gave it.  [laughter] Well, God gave it.  [laughter] Well, God gave it.  [laughter] Why?  Whose gift are you? Why?  Whose gift are you? Why?  Whose gift are you? No, we are not given by God.  I am a gift from my father and No, we are not given by God.  I am a gift from my father and No, we are not given by God.  I am a gift from my father and mother.  [laughter] So your father went into your mother's womb to So your father went into your mother's womb to So your father went into your mother's womb to make you. make you. make you. No.  [Laughter] No.  [Laughter] No.  [Laughter] Yes, it Yes, it Yes, it is actually a scientific process.  There is a is actually a scientific process.  There is a is actually a scientific process.  There is a scientific process in it. scientific process in it. scientific process in it. Yes, there is a scientific process by which the Yes, there is a scientific process by which the Yes, there is a scientific process by which the sperm goes in. sperm goes in. sperm goes in. Meaning the scientist went into your mother's womb. Meaning the scientist went into your mother's womb. Meaning the scientist went into your mother's womb. No, the scientists didn't go.  Dad's No, the scientists didn't go.  Dad's No, the scientists didn't go.  Dad's sperm was gone. sperm was gone. sperm was gone. Yes.  [laughter] Yes.  [laughter] Yes.  [laughter] So how did they become water?  Which eye So how did they become water?  Which eye So how did they become water?  Which eye became what it was?  How were the eyes formed?   He must have been the one who became what it was?  How were the eyes formed?   He must have been the one who became what it was?  How were the eyes formed?   He must have been the one who made it. made it. made it. That is the third power. That is the third power. That is the third power. Who is he?  They say that there is God Who is he?  They say that there is God Who is he?  They say that there is God but other Muslims now say that there is Khuda, but other Muslims now say that there is Khuda, but other Muslims now say that there is Khuda, different people say different things. different people say different things. different people say different things. Muslims believe in God, we believe in God, so there is only Muslims believe in God, we believe in God, so there is only Muslims believe in God, we believe in God, so there is only one God, it one God, it one God, it means you do not believe in God, means you do not believe in God, means you do not believe in God, CM is trapped, CM is trapped, CM is trapped, I believe in Him, but there is a third power that I believe in this only, so it I believe in Him, but there is a third power that I believe in this only, so it means who was the one who created you in your mother's womb means who was the one who created you in your mother's womb means who was the one who created you in your mother's womb ? ? ? I believe that when my parents met, I believe that when my parents met, I believe that when my parents met, I was born, this is I was born, this is I was born, this is true. true. true. Who did the further processing? Who did the further processing? Who did the further processing? Hey, what do you want to say?  The further Hey, what do you want to say?  The further Hey, what do you want to say?  The further process gets created automatically in the stomach. process gets created automatically in the stomach. Well, it happens on its own. Well, it happens on its own. Well, it happens on its own. How will it happen automatically?  Tell me, can your How will it happen automatically?  Tell me, can your How will it happen automatically?  Tell me, can your clothes be made without being made? clothes be made without being made? clothes be made without being made? No. No. No. Well, can your mobile be made without making it? Well, can your mobile be made without making it? Well, can your mobile be made without making it? No. No. No. No.  Your glasses can be made without being made. No.  Your glasses can be made without being made. No.  Your glasses can be made without being made. All these things make a man. All these things make a man. All these things make a man. When cloth cannot be made without making it.  If a mobile phone When cloth cannot be made without making it.  If a mobile phone When cloth cannot be made without making it.  If a mobile phone cannot be made then how would you have been made without it cannot be made then how would you have been made without it cannot be made then how would you have been made without it ?  Just think about this. ?  Just think about this. ?  Just think about this. [laughter] There's [laughter] There's [laughter] There's someone who made you too. someone who made you too. someone who made you too. His name is God.  You said a very good thing.   Do His name is God.  You said a very good thing.   Do n't you believe in God?   I n't you believe in God?   I n't you believe in God?   I agree. agree. agree. Come on mother's [laughs] Come on mother's [laughs] Come on mother's [laughs] so you third power which is the contribution of the parents in the mother's womb is so much so you third power which is the contribution of the parents in the mother's womb is so much so you third power which is the contribution of the parents in the mother's womb is so much that that that only the parents' company happened through them.  After that, who is the creator of the creation that took place only the parents' company happened through them.  After that, who is the creator of the creation that took place only the parents' company happened through them.  After that, who is the creator of the creation that took place from the drop of water from the drop of water from the drop of water ?  I just want to tell you this.   That's ?  I just want to tell you this.   That's ?  I just want to tell you this.   That's right [laughs].  Who is it?  That's what you right [laughs].  Who is it?  That's what you right [laughs].  Who is it?  That's what you said, God is there.   Did said, God is there.   Did said, God is there.   Did you understand now? you understand now? you understand now? Yes sir.   I didn't know it before. before. before. According to you, I am made by God. According to you, I am made by God. According to you, I am made by God. And according to me, And according to me, And according to me, now it seems that it must have been made by God himself. now it seems that it must have been made by God himself. now it seems that it must have been made by God himself. Then science failed here. Then science failed here. Then science failed here. Maharaj Ji, I get very angry. Maharaj Ji, I get very angry. Maharaj Ji, I get very angry. What has happened? What has happened? What has happened? So what do you do?  In anger.   I So what do you do?  In anger.   I So what do you do?  In anger.   I beat the children in anger.  I beat the children in anger.  I beat the children in anger.  I quarrel with my husband.  Hey Baba, I don't quarrel with my husband.  Hey Baba, I don't quarrel with my husband.  Hey Baba, I don't beat my husband, no, no, I do beat my husband, no, no, I do beat my husband, no, no, I do n't beat my husband, I n't beat my husband, I n't beat my husband, I consider my husband as God [laughs] consider my husband as God [laughs] consider my husband as God [laughs] but still if you but still if you but still if you consider him as God then why do you fight, I do consider him as God then why do you fight, I do consider him as God then why do you fight, I do n't fight with my husband, I get so angry, I don't know about what I am n't fight with my husband, I get so angry, I don't know about what I am angry about, I get angry about, I get angry only with boys, I have an angry only with boys, I have an angry only with boys, I have an eight year old daughter, I eight year old daughter, I eight year old daughter, I beat her too [laughs] beat her too [laughs] beat her too [laughs] no, I must get angry on some issue, no, I must get angry on some issue, no, I must get angry on some issue, I don't know, but I get angry on small issues, so it gets angry on I don't know, but I get angry on small issues, so it gets angry on small issues, right? small issues, right? small issues, right? Yes. Yes. Yes. So he talked big.   If you So he talked big.   If you So he talked big.   If you talk big, your in-laws will throw you out. talk big, your in-laws will throw you out. talk big, your in-laws will throw you out. Just imagine what the world is like?   That's Just imagine what the world is like?   That's Just imagine what the world is like?   That's correct.   If you correct.   If you correct.   If you cry in front of the world, they will ask why are you crying cry in front of the world, they will ask why are you crying cry in front of the world, they will ask why are you crying ? ? ? And even if you laugh, there is a problem.  [laughter] Do you want to get married? you want to get married? you want to get married? Yes, I want to get married.   Are you in a Yes, I want to get married.   Are you in a Yes, I want to get married.   Are you in a hurry?  No, it is not that early, but the fact is that the hurry?  No, it is not that early, but the fact is that the hurry?  No, it is not that early, but the fact is that the age is increasing, nowadays age is increasing, nowadays age is increasing, nowadays where is the age of a man, he gets over it in 40 to 45, that is where is the age of a man, he gets over it in 40 to 45, that is where is the age of a man, he gets over it in 40 to 45, that is right, so you are thinking that now he is getting married and enjoying right, so you are thinking that now he is getting married and enjoying right, so you are thinking that now he is getting married and enjoying worldly pleasures, at worldly pleasures, at worldly pleasures, at least his child is 10 11 12 14 15 years old least his child is 10 11 12 14 15 years old least his child is 10 11 12 14 15 years old how old is your child, if he is how old is your child, if he is how old is your child, if he is not married yet [laughs] not married yet [laughs] not married yet [laughs] no you are saying, not a 14 year old child, no you are saying, not a 14 year old child, no you are saying, not a 14 year old child, 14 15 years old means he will become a child, 14 15 years old means he will become a child, 14 15 years old means he will become a child, oh baba yes yes. oh baba yes yes. Until the turn comes to deal with it.  [laughter] So by the time you have a 14, 15-year-old, So by the time you have a 14, 15-year-old, So by the time you have a 14, 15-year-old, you're going to be miserable. you're going to be miserable. you're going to be miserable. What has happened? What has happened? What has happened? What are you thinking like this? What are you thinking like this? What are you thinking like this? Hey stay young. Hey stay young. Hey stay young. Hey, these days, where can a man live beyond 45 Hey, these days, where can a man live beyond 45 Hey, these days, where can a man live beyond 45 ?  Or ?  Or ?  Or hey, these are the people who are eating more pizza and burgers. hey, these are the people who are eating more pizza and burgers. hey, these are the people who are eating more pizza and burgers. These These These pizza and burger vendors are selling it for Rs 40-50. pizza and burger vendors are selling it for Rs 40-50. pizza and burger vendors are selling it for Rs 40-50. Hey! God.   The Hey! God.   The Hey! God.   The man here is eating sprouted gram.   He is man here is eating sprouted gram.   He is man here is eating sprouted gram.   He is eating salad and cucumber, he is walking 70, the ones who eat eating salad and cucumber, he is walking 70, the ones who eat eating salad and cucumber, he is walking 70, the ones who eat gram are the ones who eat dal, puri, dal and roti. gram are the ones who eat dal, puri, dal and roti. gram are the ones who eat dal, puri, dal and roti. Good. Good. Good. So you don't eat pizza or burger.  Chowmein? So you don't eat pizza or burger.  Chowmein? So you don't eat pizza or burger.  Chowmein? Not water puri.  Yes.  Then you'll go 60 Not water puri.  Yes.  Then you'll go 60 Not water puri.  Yes.  Then you'll go 60 70 yes.  These pizza burger and chowmein sellers are 70 yes.  These pizza burger and chowmein sellers are 70 yes.  These pizza burger and chowmein sellers are dealing in 45, 50, 55 rupees. dealing in 45, 50, 55 rupees. dealing in 45, 50, 55 rupees. We also tell them to use less of all the We also tell them to use less of all the We also tell them to use less of all the flour items like pizza, burger etc. flour items like pizza, burger etc. flour items like pizza, burger etc. Especially children are Especially children are Especially children are eating samosas and pakoras as quickly as they can. eating samosas and pakoras as quickly as they can. eating samosas and pakoras as quickly as they can. Meaning all this will be decided within 50-60 days. Meaning all this will be decided within 50-60 days. Hey, it's going to be 40. Hey, it's going to be 40. Hey, it's going to be 40. Just yesterday my friend passed away at the age of 35. Just yesterday my friend passed away at the age of 35. Why did he have an attack? He was silent Why did he have an attack? He was silent Why did he have an attack? He was silent and used to eat pizza. and used to eat pizza. and used to eat pizza. Yes, do Yes, do Yes, do n't do this my love.   He did n't do this my love.   He did not eat pizza, chowmein, meat etc. at all.   He did not eat pizza, chowmein, meat etc. at all.   He did not eat pizza, chowmein, meat etc. at all.   He did not eat bread. not eat bread. not eat bread. Yes, I don't eat bread. Yes, I don't eat bread. Yes, I don't eat bread. This is all he used to eat.   There was an This is all he used to eat.   There was an This is all he used to eat.   There was an attack.   There was an attack.   There was an attack.   There was an attack. attack. attack. So if you guys also want to die quickly then So if you guys also want to die quickly then So if you guys also want to die quickly then eat pizza and burger.  [laughter] eat pizza and burger.  [laughter] eat pizza and burger.  [laughter] Eat slowly.   If you want to Eat slowly.   If you want to Eat slowly.   If you want to live long then eat gram.  By marking it. live long then eat gram.  By marking it. live long then eat gram.  By marking it. Eat gram, eat some almonds, some home-cooked dal, Eat gram, eat some almonds, some home-cooked dal, Eat gram, eat some almonds, some home-cooked dal, eat home-cooked roti, will you eat market food?  The eat home-cooked roti, will you eat market food?  The eat home-cooked roti, will you eat market food?  The story ends in 50.  50 The story is over Radhe story ends in 50.  50 The story is over Radhe story ends in 50.  50 The story is over Radhe Guruji Guruji Guruji Radhe Radhe Radhe Guruji Radhe Radhe Radhe Guruji Radhe Radhe Radhe Guruji I have come from Delhi to listen to your Maiya So I have come from Delhi to listen to your Maiya So I have come from Delhi to listen to your Maiya So you are the Maiya [laughs] No I like it very much from your mouth No I like it very much from your mouth No I like it very much from your mouth when you say like this Maiya when you say like this Maiya when you say like this Maiya Maiya Maiya Maiya [laughs] I am not married not married not married No in that she married someone else. No in that she married someone else. No in that she married someone else. [laughter] By lying to me.   Then there was that lying to me.   Then there was that lying to me.   Then there was that China model. China model. China model. What was that? What was that? What was that? China model. China model. China model. You hold the branded one. You hold the branded one. You hold the branded one. Good Good Good branded from a good company. branded from a good company. branded from a good company. No, India. No, India. No, India. Listen, your parents will find a good boy for you too.   Yes. Listen, your parents will find a good boy for you too.   Yes. Well, should this boyfriend Well, should this boyfriend Well, should this boyfriend get involved with girlfriend?   Should get involved with girlfriend?   Should get involved with girlfriend?   Should not fall.  Now you understand, right? not fall.  Now you understand, right? not fall.  Now you understand, right? [laughter] It had n't come before.   I had n't come before.   I had n't come before.   I had said earlier that I would get married. said earlier that I would get married. said earlier that I would get married. Yes sir, I had said that I will get married.  Sorry, Yes sir, I had said that I will get married.  Sorry, Yes sir, I had said that I will get married.  Sorry, not sorry, Guruji.  [laughter] Did I Did I Did I say that at first, but then later I said that say that at first, but then later I said that say that at first, but then later I said that my family would not agree. my family would not agree. my family would not agree. Well, Well, Well, he must have found someone more beautiful than you. he must have found someone more beautiful than you. he must have found someone more beautiful than you. His ghost is like Kali.  Datto is C. His ghost is like Kali.  Datto is C. His ghost is like Kali.  Datto is C. His teeth are also out. His teeth are also out. His teeth are also out. Jai Baba.  [laughter] He 's a big idiot, he would have at least taken a 's a big idiot, he would have at least taken a 's a big idiot, he would have at least taken a good model, he was good model, he was good model, he was leaving me [laughter] So even after leaving you, he So even after leaving you, he So even after leaving you, he thinks that I'm a million times better, thinks that I'm a million times better, thinks that I'm a million times better, yet he left you [laughter] He yet he left you [laughter] He yet he left you [laughter] He says he left me for the family, it's a good thing, says he left me for the family, it's a good thing, says he left me for the family, it's a good thing, everyone should do things for their family, what he says everyone should do things for their family, what he says everyone should do things for their family, what he says is right [laughter] is right [laughter] is right [laughter] So will you do it for your family or not? So will you do it for your family or not? So will you do it for your family or not? Yes, I definitely will, so Yes, I definitely will, so Yes, I definitely will, so now I won't get involved with anyone, now I won't get involved with anyone, now I won't get involved with anyone, no, I won't no, I won't no, I won't eat at all, I swear on my mother [music] eat at all, I swear on my mother [music] eat at all, I swear on my mother [music] Now I will make friends with anyone only after marriage, I wo Now I will make friends with anyone only after marriage, I wo n't get married, I will get n't get married, I will get n't get married, I will get married, then after marriage, my husband married, then after marriage, my husband married, then after marriage, my husband is my husband, no one else, a is my husband, no one else, a is my husband, no one else, a good good good husband, my husband, my God, husband, my husband, my God, husband, my husband, my God, first get a husband… [laughter] I haven't got a first get a husband… [laughter] I haven't got a first get a husband… [laughter] I haven't got a husband yet, no, husband yet, no, husband yet, no, Guruji, he will become one, Guruji, he will become one, Guruji, he will become one, oh no, let oh no, let oh no, let God bless you, I just met a branded husband, God bless you, I just met a branded husband, God bless you, I just met a branded husband, thank you, Guruji, I just thank you, Guruji, I just thank you, Guruji, I just met China once, met China once, met China once, Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Radhe Maaa Maaa Maaa Maaa Maaa Maaa My question is that whenever I My question is that whenever I My question is that whenever I talk about marriage, I get girls who eat meat, eggs, etc., what has happened, talk about marriage, I get girls who eat meat, eggs, etc., what has happened, okay, so you want to get married, okay, so you want to get married, okay, so you want to get married, yes  Yes, why do we have to get married, why do we get married, tell me, I am why do we get married, tell me, I am why do we get married, tell me, I am stuck, that is why I get married, so that I feel like it, why can't I get married stuck, that is why I get married, so that I feel like it, why can't I get married stuck, that is why I get married, so that I feel like it, why can't I get married without marriage, it is not possible to do it without marriage, it is not possible to do it without marriage, it is not possible to do it alone [laughs] come on, I hope God gives you a good bride, I don't want an God gives you a good bride, I don't want an God gives you a good bride, I don't want an egg eater, no, you bastard, I do egg eater, no, you bastard, I do egg eater, no, you bastard, I do n't want a meat eater, and not a liquor drinker n't want a meat eater, and not a liquor drinker n't want a meat eater, and not a liquor drinker [laughter], [laughter], [laughter], and not someone who pushes, and not someone who pushes, and not someone who pushes, and someone who packs in a drum, and grinds in a mixer and someone who packs in a drum, and grinds in a mixer [laughter], the one who [laughter], the one who [laughter], the one who packs in a cylinder, says packs in a cylinder, says packs in a cylinder, says Radhey-Radhe, Radhey-Radhe, Radhey-Radhe, oh my god, I oh my god, I oh my god, I want a Radhey one, the one who says Radhey-Radhe is right want a Radhey one, the one who says Radhey-Radhe is right want a Radhey one, the one who says Radhey-Radhe is right Guruji, can women blow the conch Guruji, can women blow the conch Guruji, can women blow the conch [music] do [music] do [music] do you want to blow it, I will blow it, that is why I am you want to blow it, I will blow it, that is why I am you want to blow it, I will blow it, that is why I am asking, so what does asking, so what does asking, so what does conch belong to your relationship, conch belong to your relationship, conch belong to your relationship, oh no oh no oh no conch, are you Lakshmi's Lakshmi or not, conch, are you Lakshmi's Lakshmi or not, conch, are you Lakshmi's Lakshmi or not, and conch is Lakshmi's brother, and conch is Lakshmi's brother, and conch is Lakshmi's brother, so what does conch belong to your relationship, so what does conch belong to your relationship, so what does conch belong to your relationship, brother, why does one have to blow it?  [laughter] Shankha is Lakshmi's brother. Shankha is Lakshmi's brother. Shankha is Lakshmi's brother. Women do not blow the conch because Women do not blow the conch because Women do not blow the conch because he is your brother by relation. he is your brother by relation. he is your brother by relation. Okay [laughs] Okay [laughs] Okay [laughs] we don't we don't we don't play it.  Everyone refuses play it.  Everyone refuses play it.  Everyone refuses but sometimes when no one is at home, they but sometimes when no one is at home, they but sometimes when no one is at home, they play it. play it. play it. wanted to deal with him.   Do wanted to deal with him.   Do n't you love your younger brother [laughs]?   We do. n't you love your younger brother [laughs]?   We do. Come on, say I love you.  [laughter] Say I love you. Say I love you. Say I love you. I love you.   Do I love you.   Do I love you.   Do n't do this my love. n't do this my love. n't do this my love. Speak a little louder. Speak a little louder. Speak a little louder. I love you.  [laughs] Listen, you should also tell your wife I love you. Listen, you should also tell your wife I love you. Listen, you should also tell your wife I love you. Guru ji, suppose I am going somewhere to Guru ji, suppose I am going somewhere to Guru ji, suppose I am going somewhere to earn money.  That's all fine, earn money, son, your earn money.  That's all fine, earn money, son, your earn money.  That's all fine, earn money, son, your wife is good, she is wife is good, she is wife is good, she is very good, the poor girl has said it, go straight, tell your very good, the poor girl has said it, go straight, tell your very good, the poor girl has said it, go straight, tell your wife I love you, wife I love you, wife I love you, I love you [music] You I love you [music] You I love you [music] You Jai Baba, Jai Baba, Jai Baba, why are you saying it looking at me, why are you saying it looking at me, why are you saying it looking at me, look at your wife [laughter] look at your wife [laughter] look at your wife [laughter] say I love you, say I love you, say I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, you live with love, don't complain, you live with love, don't complain, you live with love, don't complain, your wife is good, your wife is good, your wife is good, Guru ji, never give a rude reply, I go to the Guru ji, never give a rude reply, I go to the Guru ji, never give a rude reply, I go to the temple in the morning and evening, after talking nonsense to anyone, temple in the morning and evening, after talking nonsense to anyone, temple in the morning and evening, after talking nonsense to anyone, listen to my wife, now give a straight reply, not a rude one, okay, I will listen to my wife, now give a straight reply, not a rude one, okay, I will come home from the temple, come home from the temple, come home from the temple, Guru ji, first tell this to them, first explain to the Guru ji, first tell this to them, first explain to the Guru ji, first tell this to them, first explain to the son, boy, first explain to the son.   I will son, boy, first explain to the son.   I will son, boy, first explain to the son.   I will explain it to the boy also.  Explain to the child that he does explain it to the boy also.  Explain to the child that he does explain it to the boy also.  Explain to the child that he does not go astray.  Don't get too carried away by your not go astray.  Don't get too carried away by your not go astray.  Don't get too carried away by your parents.   From parents.   From parents.   From now on, you should now on, you should now on, you should respect your father over me.  This respect your father over me.  This respect your father over me.  This is sanskar [music]. is sanskar [music]. is sanskar [music]. Climb on me right now.  He beats Climb on me right now.  He beats Climb on me right now.  He beats me. me. me. What has happened?  This What has happened?  This What has happened?  This son will kill his mother. son will kill his mother. son will kill his mother. What will he do when he grows up?   He What will he do when he grows up?   He What will he do when he grows up?   He beats me.  I go to school and complain to my mother and beats me.  I go to school and complain to my mother and beats me.  I go to school and complain to my mother and then I come back. then I come back. then I come back. Yes.  You go to school and complain. Yes.  You go to school and complain. Yes.  You go to school and complain. Then I will complain to his madam. Then I will complain to his madam. Then I will complain to his madam. Where do you go to complain? Where do you go to complain? Where do you go to complain? Madam, what about them? Madam, what about them? Madam, what about them? Where? Where? Where? In school. In school. In school. [laughter] In school, school, school, yes in school, I yes in school, I yes in school, I mean in school I complain about her to her madam, she is mean in school I complain about her to her madam, she is mean in school I complain about her to her madam, she is right, she is right, go to school [laughter] right, she is right, go to school [laughter] right, she is right, go to school [laughter] and complain to everyone you meet in school, and complain to everyone you meet in school, oh baba, the school people will explain, why won't they oh baba, the school people will explain, why won't they oh baba, the school people will explain, why won't they explain, the school people will explain, explain, the school people will explain, explain, the school people will explain, and the school people will explain, I am not coming, and the school people will explain, I am not coming, and the school people will explain, I am not coming, tell the principal, you keep sitting in school, you do tell the principal, you keep sitting in school, you do tell the principal, you keep sitting in school, you do n't explain [laughter] the n't explain [laughter] the n't explain [laughter] the school people will explain, and who will explain, may God make school people will explain, and who will explain, may God make school people will explain, and who will explain, may God make you happy like this [music], stay happy, Guru you happy like this [music], stay happy, Guru you happy like this [music], stay happy, Guru ji, you are explaining to her well, ji, you are explaining to her well, ji, you are explaining to her well, you should also go to school you should also go to school you should also go to school I am not ready to tell anyone, she will I am not ready to tell anyone, she will I am not ready to tell anyone, she will come from some house, she will gossip, she will come and then she will not give, she lies every come from some house, she will gossip, she will come and then she will not give, she lies every come from some house, she will gossip, she will come and then she will not give, she lies every moment, moment, moment, well, our well, our well, our family is like this, one who lies [laughter] I am always at loggerheads with my wife over small things, do always at loggerheads with my wife over small things, do always at loggerheads with my wife over small things, do you fight with your wife over small you fight with your wife over small you fight with your wife over small things, I feel that my wife does things, I feel that my wife does things, I feel that my wife does not listen.  The wife [laughs] thinks not listen.  The wife [laughs] thinks not listen.  The wife [laughs] thinks I don't listen. I don't listen. I don't listen. What has happened? What has happened? What has happened? Then you will do this, you shut up. Raise your finger. Raise your finger. Raise your finger. [laughter] Shut up.   May I get a [laughter] Shut up.   May I get a little of your blessings too.   Get me to little of your blessings too.   Get me to little of your blessings too.   Get me to talk. talk. talk. Radhe-Radhe Guru ji.   Yes. Radhe-Radhe Guru ji.   Yes. Radhe-Radhe Guru ji.   Yes. What is the problem with your husband?  He just What is the problem with your husband?  He just What is the problem with your husband?  He just shouts at every little thing shouts at every little thing shouts at every little thing and and and I don't like him shouting like that.  Good. I don't like him shouting like that.  Good. I don't like him shouting like that.  Good. Shouting loudly. Shouting loudly. Shouting loudly. Not by shouting.  Don't talk like a crow. Not by shouting.  Don't talk like a crow. Not by shouting.  Don't talk like a crow. Speak like a cuckoo.  Look Speak like a cuckoo.  Look Speak like a cuckoo.  Look how good speech God has given you. how good speech God has given you. how good speech God has given you. Why croak like a frog or [laughter] how do you Why croak like a frog or [laughter] how do you Why croak like a frog or [laughter] how do you sound like a cuckoo? sound like a cuckoo? sound like a cuckoo? Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. And the crow?   The And the crow?   The And the crow?   The crow shouted. crow shouted. crow shouted. So how do you speak?  Like a cuckoo, So how do you speak?  Like a cuckoo, So how do you speak?  Like a cuckoo, like a crow?   I like a crow?   I like a crow?   I speak only by shouting. speak only by shouting. speak only by shouting. Crow, was there a crow in the field? Crow, was there a crow in the field? Crow, was there a crow in the field? [laughter] I don't know. [laughter] I don't know. That is why this habit has been formed from the previous life. That is why this habit has been formed from the previous life. That is why this habit has been formed from the previous life. Or Or Or you improve a little.  Now speak sweetly.   You are a you improve a little.  Now speak sweetly.   You are a you improve a little.  Now speak sweetly.   You are a human being now, not a crow. human being now, not a crow. human being now, not a crow. Guruji, please tell him a little so that he can Guruji, please tell him a little so that he can Guruji, please tell him a little so that he can listen and understand what I am saying.   Just listen to it. listen and understand what I am saying.   Just listen to it. I hear that Guru ji also knows this. I hear that Guru ji also knows this. I hear that Guru ji also knows this. Okay, Okay, Okay, understand it. understand it. understand it. I listen, I listen.  [laughs] I listen, I listen.  [laughs] I listen, I listen.  [laughs] What I have, Guruji, is that there is pressure of business.  There is What I have, Guruji, is that there is pressure of business.  There is What I have, Guruji, is that there is pressure of business.  There is pressure from home and family. pressure from home and family. pressure from home and family. Mother and father are old.   You have to do Mother and father are old.   You have to do Mother and father are old.   You have to do business but do business but do business but do n't take out the pressure of business by fighting at home.  [laughter] I teach arena to little kids. I teach arena to little kids. I teach arena to little kids. Meaning, I teach wrestling, celibacy, everything for free. Meaning, I teach wrestling, celibacy, everything for free. Meaning, I teach wrestling, celibacy, everything for free. Never took any money. Never took any money. Never took any money. Or but Or but Or but today, being the master of all, I myself am today, being the master of all, I myself am today, being the master of all, I myself am entangled in a question. entangled in a question. entangled in a question. What has happened? What has happened? What has happened? Meaning I have lost my religion.  So you tell me Meaning I have lost my religion.  So you tell me Meaning I have lost my religion.  So you tell me what should I do? what should I do? what should I do? What happened? What happened? What happened? Maharaj ji, I fell in love Maharaj ji, I fell in love Maharaj ji, I fell in love with a girl. with a girl. with a girl. Hey Baba, you Hey Baba, you Hey Baba, you even taught sword fighting to the girl. even taught sword fighting to the girl. even taught sword fighting to the girl. Yes, I have taught that too.  She is a devotee of Bhavani Mata. Yes, I have taught that too.  She is a devotee of Bhavani Mata. Yes, I have taught that too.  She is a devotee of Bhavani Mata. I am also a devotee.  I fell in love with ours. I am also a devotee.  I fell in love with ours. I am also a devotee.  I fell in love with ours. What happened after that?  So she What happened after that?  So she What happened after that?  So she promised to marry me first and I told her promised to marry me first and I told her promised to marry me first and I told her that I am not that kind of guy.  I am a that I am not that kind of guy.  I am a that I am not that kind of guy.  I am a celibate.  I will only accept my better half.  I will celibate.  I will only accept my better half.  I will celibate.  I will only accept my better half.  I will give her my love.  I give her my love.  I give her my love.  I told her and she also came to my house in front of everyone. told her and she also came to my house in front of everyone. told her and she also came to my house in front of everyone. Good. Good. Good. Then the discussion about our relationship also took place in the same way, Then the discussion about our relationship also took place in the same way, Then the discussion about our relationship also took place in the same way, but what came to his mind?  He but what came to his mind?  He but what came to his mind?  He told him that he wanted to do a job.  I am studying.   Then told him that he wanted to do a job.  I am studying.   Then told him that he wanted to do a job.  I am studying.   Then I cannot marry you.  He said I cannot marry you.  He said I cannot marry you.  He said forget me.  [laughter] forget me.  [laughter] forget me.  [laughter] So I was just completely shocked.  Meaning I did So I was just completely shocked.  Meaning I did So I was just completely shocked.  Meaning I did not even go to the Akhara.  Listen, you are such a not even go to the Akhara.  Listen, you are such a not even go to the Akhara.  Listen, you are such a great devotee.  You do such a good job. great devotee.  You do such a good job. great devotee.  You do such a good job. In earlier times, In earlier times, In earlier times, whom did Indra send to disturb the penance of sages and saints?  Tell. whom did Indra send to disturb the penance of sages and saints?  Tell. whom did Indra send to disturb the penance of sages and saints?  Tell. Yes it is equal. Yes it is equal. Yes it is equal. Whom did you send? Whom did you send? Whom did you send? Maharaj ji used to send Apsara. Maharaj ji used to send Apsara. Maharaj ji used to send Apsara. In this way you worshipped Hanumanji a lot.  Indra was In this way you worshipped Hanumanji a lot.  Indra was In this way you worshipped Hanumanji a lot.  Indra was afraid that you might occupy the throne of Indra. afraid that you might occupy the throne of Indra. afraid that you might occupy the throne of Indra. What?   That is What?   That is What?   That is why Indra sent an Apsara into your life also. why Indra sent an Apsara into your life also. why Indra sent an Apsara into your life also. She ruined you and left. She ruined you and left. She ruined you and left. No, but that's the thing, I did No, but that's the thing, I did No, but that's the thing, I did n't worship celibacy this year.  Otherwise n't worship celibacy this year.  Otherwise n't worship celibacy this year.  Otherwise my birthday is on Hanuman Jayanti. my birthday is on Hanuman Jayanti. my birthday is on Hanuman Jayanti. You should not stop worshipping Hanumanji.  Don't leave your work, keep working. You should not stop worshipping Hanumanji.  Don't leave your work, keep working. No, but I still have a problem with Hanuman ji. No, but I still have a problem with Hanuman ji. No, but I still have a problem with Hanuman ji. Hey Baba, why do you mean it?  That I am no longer a Hey Baba, why do you mean it?  That I am no longer a Hey Baba, why do you mean it?  That I am no longer a celibate.  I celibate.  I celibate.  I What did I say to him?  If I get her, she is my What did I say to him?  If I get her, she is my What did I say to him?  If I get her, she is my wife. wife. wife. I will touch you only if I get her equal I will touch you only if I get her equal I will touch you only if I get her equal because I am pure for her.  I don't because I am pure for her.  I don't because I am pure for her.  I don't want anyone else.  Although I want anyone else.  Although I want anyone else.  Although I also got good ones from him. also got good ones from him. also got good ones from him. You had a relationship with that girl.  Yes, I You had a relationship with that girl.  Yes, I You had a relationship with that girl.  Yes, I mean he had a relationship with me.  I did mean he had a relationship with me.  I did mean he had a relationship with me.  I did n't understand anything, I mean she used to come to our house every day. n't understand anything, I mean she used to come to our house every day. n't understand anything, I mean she used to come to our house every day. How many years was this relationship? How many years was this relationship? How many years was this relationship? No, the year doesn't matter but love happens No, the year doesn't matter but love happens No, the year doesn't matter but love happens in a moment.  [laughs] in a moment.  [laughs] in a moment.  [laughs] But she used to come with me every three or four months.   It would have happened But she used to come with me every three or four months.   It would have happened But she used to come with me every three or four months.   It would have happened in two moments.  You did not love your mother.   I in two moments.  You did not love your mother.   I in two moments.  You did not love your mother.   I love my mother, that's why I am alive. love my mother, that's why I am alive. love my mother, that's why I am alive. Hey! God. Hey! God. Hey! God. When I cried every night, did When I cried every night, did When I cried every night, did n't I fall in love with Hanumanji? n't I fall in love with Hanumanji? n't I fall in love with Hanumanji? Yes, I love them too, right?  Maharaj ji, Yes, I love them too, right?  Maharaj ji, Yes, I love them too, right?  Maharaj ji, I served Mother Goddess.   Do you I served Mother Goddess.   Do you I served Mother Goddess.   Do you love Hanuman ji?  Or not?  Do love Hanuman ji?  Or not?  Do love Hanuman ji?  Or not?  Do n't break away from Hanuman ji, make friends with the n't break away from Hanuman ji, make friends with the n't break away from Hanuman ji, make friends with the girl you are breaking away from girl you are breaking away from girl you are breaking away from Maharaj ji, I will love Hanuman ji only Maharaj ji, I will love Hanuman ji only Maharaj ji, I will love Hanuman ji only when this body of mine has become impure, when this body of mine has become impure, when this body of mine has become impure, now now now when it will become pure, when it will become pure, when it will become pure, tell me this when that girl has cheated you, then tell me this when that girl has cheated you, then tell me this when that girl has cheated you, then why are you running after her [sangeet], it is why are you running after her [sangeet], it is true, true, true, I did not run after her, but what could be her I did not run after her, but what could be her I did not run after her, but what could be her compulsion, Maharaj, she did not cheat, that compulsion, Maharaj, she did not cheat, that compulsion, Maharaj, she did not cheat, that girl is also not bad, Maharaj, girl is also not bad, Maharaj, girl is also not bad, Maharaj, or you can or you can or you can marry her, I am Daya, I told her marry her, I am Daya, I told her marry her, I am Daya, I told her [laughter], she says I do [laughter], she says I do [laughter], she says I do not go in front of my parents, I said okay, not go in front of my parents, I said okay, not go in front of my parents, I said okay, I will touch the feet of your parents [laughter] I will do I will touch the feet of your parents [laughter] I will do I will touch the feet of your parents [laughter] I will do anything. anything. anything. Yes, convince that girl.  You tell him to Yes, convince that girl.  You tell him to Yes, convince that girl.  You tell him to bring it and I will explain it to him.  Brother, this is bring it and I will explain it to him.  Brother, this is bring it and I will explain it to him.  Brother, this is my request to the girls.  Why do I my request to the girls.  Why do I my request to the girls.  Why do I trap boys in the web of love [music] and then trap boys in the web of love [music] and then trap boys in the web of love [music] and then leave them?  The poor guy [laughs] was heartbroken. leave them?  The poor guy [laughs] was heartbroken. leave them?  The poor guy [laughs] was heartbroken. Maharaj ji, I am saying that I have been married for 11 years. Maharaj ji, I am saying that I have been married for 11 years. Good. Good. Good. And my wife creates trouble with us every two days. And my wife creates trouble with us every two days. What has happened? What has happened? What has happened? I love my wife so much.  And I love my wife so much.  And I love my wife so much.  And then we are searching outside.  We don't then we are searching outside.  We don't then we are searching outside.  We don't get anyone.  So tell me what to do?  So get anyone.  So tell me what to do?  So get anyone.  So tell me what to do?  So who else are you looking for when you have a wife who else are you looking for when you have a wife who else are you looking for when you have a wife ?  [laughter] ?  [laughter] ?  [laughter] It doesn't do it to us.  She creates a lot of trouble with us every two to three days. It doesn't do it to us.  She creates a lot of trouble with us every two to three days. It doesn't do it to us.  She creates a lot of trouble with us every two to three days. Why?   If something like this happens, she Why?   If something like this happens, she ruins her father's life completely. ruins her father's life completely. ruins her father's life completely. Well, Well, Well, we have brought some gruel.  It has been two-three days and in that we have brought some gruel.  It has been two-three days and in that we have brought some gruel.  It has been two-three days and in that too I saw the eyes twice.   Okay yes. too I saw the eyes twice.   Okay yes. too I saw the eyes twice.   Okay yes. What happened after that? What happened after that? What happened after that? Then we went down a little bit. Then we went down a little bit. Then we went down a little bit. You rolled your eyes. You rolled your eyes. You rolled your eyes. Yes.  Otherwise they could have been reduced to ashes by water. Yes.  Otherwise they could have been reduced to ashes by water. Yes.  Otherwise they could have been reduced to ashes by water. Otherwise she would tell us later [laughs] and Otherwise she would tell us later [laughs] and Otherwise she would tell us later [laughs] and even beat us.   She does even beat us.   She does even beat us.   She does n't kill.  She glares at me and says she will go to her parents' house.   Do n't kill.  She glares at me and says she will go to her parents' house.   Do n't do this my love. n't do this my love. n't do this my love. I will go to my parents' house.  You keep watching. I will go to my parents' house.  You keep watching. I will go to my parents' house.  You keep watching. Yes.  Where did you talk to your wife? Yes.  Where did you talk to your wife? Yes.  Where did you talk to your wife? Then we are looking for another place.  Then we are not even getting it. Then we are looking for another place.  Then we are not even getting it. Then we are looking for another place.  Then we are not even getting it. The wife ran away.  Not there.  If we think about it, if it's the one on the outside, we'll The wife ran away.  Not there.  If we think about it, if it's the one on the outside, we'll keep the one on the inside [encouraging voice]. keep the one on the inside [encouraging voice]. keep the one on the inside [encouraging voice]. So you mean you're in a neighborhood setting? So you mean you're in a neighborhood setting? So you mean you're in a neighborhood setting? Yes, yes, if she behaves like this then Yes, yes, if she behaves like this then Yes, yes, if she behaves like this then I am thinking of going outside also. I am thinking of going outside also. I am thinking of going outside also. So it means the wife is the one who behaves badly. So it means the wife is the one who behaves badly. So it means the wife is the one who behaves badly. Looking for a neighbor?  Did not start searching for God.  Take Looking for a neighbor?  Did not start searching for God.  Take Looking for a neighbor?  Did not start searching for God.  Take refuge in the name of God.  You will go to the refuge in the name of God.  You will go to the refuge in the name of God.  You will go to the neighbor. neighbor. neighbor. We think that everything will be fine after that. We think that everything will be fine after that. We think that everything will be fine after that. What? What? What? Whose?   If I get Whose?   If I get Whose?   If I get another one.   If you find another one.   If you find another one.   If you find another one, you will not be destroyed.   Sorry sorry. another one, you will not be destroyed.   Sorry sorry. another one, you will not be destroyed.   Sorry sorry. Like what happened to Ravana.  Yes yes and please tell my Like what happened to Ravana.  Yes yes and please tell my Like what happened to Ravana.  Yes yes and please tell my wife where to talk to her wife where to talk to her wife where to talk to her Radhe-Radhe Guru ji Radhe-Radhe Guru ji Radhe-Radhe Guru ji how are you mother, I am how are you mother, I am how are you mother, I am fine fine fine why do you bother me, why do you bother me, why do you bother me, no I bother you [laughs] no I bother you [laughs] no I bother you [laughs] you bother me so much, she is saying that you bother me so much, she is saying that you bother me so much, she is saying that I will get involved with someone else, I will get involved with someone else, I will get involved with someone else, just to trouble me she is just to trouble me she is just to trouble me she is saying this. saying this. saying this. So why do you bother? So why do you bother? So why do you bother? They don't want a little love, they will They don't want a little love, they will They don't want a little love, they will understand a little to keep it. understand a little to keep it. understand a little to keep it. Why is she loving your wife? If you are Why is she loving your wife? If you are Why is she loving your wife? If you are not worshipping your wife, then why will you not worshipping your wife, then why will you not worshipping your wife, then why will you love and worship her?  [Laughter] Please love and worship her?  [Laughter] Please love and worship her?  [Laughter] Please understand a little, the understand a little, the understand a little, the God of the house pampers and eats the laddu from outside [Music] The God of the house pampers and eats the laddu from outside [Music] The God of the house pampers and eats the laddu from outside [Music] The wife is not getting love at home, so he wife is not getting love at home, so he wife is not getting love at home, so he went to give love to the neighbour went to give love to the neighbour went to give love to the neighbour Talk to Kalu Ram, I want to tell him that just like Talk to Kalu Ram, I want to tell him that just like Talk to Kalu Ram, I want to tell him that just like Parvati took care of Lord Shiva, Parvati took care of Lord Shiva, Parvati took care of Lord Shiva, I want him to take care of me, I want him to take care of me, I want him to take care of me, okay okay okay you also take care of your wife, you also take care of your wife, you also take care of your wife, I take care of her, that is why I have brought you I take care of her, that is why I have brought you I take care of her, that is why I have brought you here to show you your darshan, it is here to show you your darshan, it is here to show you your darshan, it is right but right but right but why are you talking about leaving your wife, now your wife will also start why are you talking about leaving your wife, now your wife will also start why are you talking about leaving your wife, now your wife will also start saying that I also saying that I also saying that I also want to get involved with some other man.  You will like to want to get involved with some other man.  You will like to want to get involved with some other man.  You will like to hear it. hear it. hear it. This is a very good thing. This is a very good thing. This is a very good thing. No, we did not ask him to leave.  We said No, we did not ask him to leave.  We said No, we did not ask him to leave.  We said that if she doesn't love us then we will go that if she doesn't love us then we will go that if she doesn't love us then we will go somewhere else. somewhere else. somewhere else. Then your wife should also take someone else and say that Then your wife should also take someone else and say that Then your wife should also take someone else and say that we will talk to him and live with him. we will talk to him and live with him. we will talk to him and live with him. So would you like to hear it? So would you like to hear it? So would you like to hear it? No.  [laughter] No.  [laughter] No.  [laughter] Then things that don't feel good to hear should Then things that don't feel good to hear should Then things that don't feel good to hear should not be said either.   Do you not be said either.   Do you not be said either.   Do you understand?  You are telling your wife understand?  You are telling your wife understand?  You are telling your wife that we can also get involved with someone else. that we can also get involved with someone else. that we can also get involved with someone else. If your wife says that you If your wife says that you If your wife says that you also stay and someone else looks after us, then also stay and someone else looks after us, then also stay and someone else looks after us, then you will feel bad to hear it. you will feel bad to hear it. you will feel bad to hear it. Husband, when we explain something, he doesn't listen to us. Husband, when we explain something, he doesn't listen to us. What has happened? What has happened? What has happened? Your husband doesn't listen to you?   I don't Your husband doesn't listen to you?   I don't Your husband doesn't listen to you?   I don't believe it. believe it. believe it. Talk to your husband. Talk to your husband. Who is this husband? Who is this husband? Who is this husband? Guru ji Radhe-Radhe. Guru ji Radhe-Radhe. Guru ji Radhe-Radhe. So you don't listen to your wife. So you don't listen to your wife. So you don't listen to your wife. All the money comes into his account, Guru All the money comes into his account, Guru All the money comes into his account, Guru ji.  Hey Baba, should ji.  Hey Baba, should ji.  Hey Baba, should mother mother mother say something in front of you now, say something in front of you now, say something in front of you now, why mother, you are sitting with all the money why mother, you are sitting with all the money why mother, you are sitting with all the money [laughs], he [laughs], he [laughs], he works for 18 hours, she says he doesn't talk, he works for 18 hours, she says he doesn't talk, he works for 18 hours, she says he doesn't talk, he works, we ask, he doesn't talk for a month, he works, we ask, he doesn't talk for a month, he works, we ask, he doesn't talk for a month, he puts money in our mobile, puts money in our mobile, puts money in our mobile, but why, but why, but why, and whatever he earns, he is giving it to you completely, he doesn't and whatever he earns, he is giving it to you completely, he doesn't and whatever he earns, he is giving it to you completely, he doesn't remember, he is remember, he is remember, he is not giving it to us, to not giving it to us, to not giving it to us, to whom is he giving it, he has deposited it whom is he giving it, he has deposited it whom is he giving it, he has deposited it in his account, he works after withdrawing from his account, he in his account, he works after withdrawing from his account, he gives a good house to the children, that there is no need to work, gives a good house to the children, that there is no need to work, gives a good house to the children, that there is no need to work, brother, children should earn, why should their father give money to the children after brother, children should earn, why should their father give money to the children after brother, children should earn, why should their father give money to the children after earning, the truth is, earning, the truth is, earning, the truth is, you want to make the children handicapped?  Brother, you want to make the children handicapped?  Brother, you want to make the children handicapped?  Brother, tell me, have your sons grown up? tell me, have your sons grown up? tell me, have your sons grown up? They earn it.   If they They earn it.   If they They earn it.   If they earn, they should spend their money on their children. earn, they should spend their money on their children. earn, they should spend their money on their children. How long will the father keep earning and How long will the father keep earning and How long will the father keep earning and giving? giving? giving? This is what we are saying. This is what we are saying. This is what we are saying. Whom?   The Whom?   The Whom?   The husband does not listen to his own words.  He is after the boy. husband does not listen to his own words.  He is after the boy. What do you want to give to the boys?  Should I What do you want to give to the boys?  Should I What do you want to give to the boys?  Should I give money to the children or not? give money to the children or not? give money to the children or not? No, give me the money. No, give me the money. No, give me the money. [laughs] I'll take [laughs] I'll take [laughs] I'll take everyone home. everyone home. everyone home. Tell me, don't you give money to your wife? Tell me, don't you give money to your wife? Tell me, don't you give money to your wife? Gives.  Guruji, are you Gives.  Guruji, are you Gives.  Guruji, are you saying this or not?  All the money is saying this or not?  All the money is saying this or not?  All the money is in his account.   Do in his account.   Do in his account.   Do n't do this my love. n't do this my love. n't do this my love. Mother is saying let's keep it in our account. Mother is saying let's keep it in our account. Mother is saying let's keep it in our account. And sometimes if we give him Rs. 40-500 together, he wo And sometimes if we give him Rs. 40-500 together, he wo n't even ask us [screaming voice] n't even ask us [screaming voice] n't even ask us [screaming voice] where to spend it. where to spend it. where to spend it. Okay, let's cover the Okay, let's cover the Okay, let's cover the entire expense. entire expense. entire expense. Yes, if we Yes, if we Yes, if we spend Rs 500 on work worth Rs 5000 where it is not required to be done, then how will we manage our spend Rs 500 on work worth Rs 5000 where it is not required to be done, then how will we manage our spend Rs 500 on work worth Rs 5000 where it is not required to be done, then how will we manage our household work.  [laughter] Brother, it's very expensive. Brother, it's very expensive. Brother, it's very expensive. Guru ji says that son and daughter-in-law will talk to Guru ji says that son and daughter-in-law will talk to Guru ji says that son and daughter-in-law will talk to their children.  You don't bother about us, their children.  You don't bother about us, their children.  You don't bother about us, son will, son will, son will, okay your husband doesn't talk to you, it's been okay your husband doesn't talk to you, it's been okay your husband doesn't talk to you, it's been a month, he hasn't talked to you, it's been two months, he hasn't talked to you, what has happened, what am I a month, he hasn't talked to you, it's been two months, he hasn't talked to you, what has happened, what am I hearing, hearing, hearing, why should I make him talk, he hasn't talked to his husband for two months, why should I make him talk, he hasn't talked to his husband for two months, Guru ji, is there no point in lying now Guru ji, is there no point in lying now [laughs] come on, tell your [laughs] come on, tell your [laughs] come on, tell your wife I love you, wife I love you, wife I love you, Guru ji, I took the Guru mantra yesterday, what did you say, I don't Guru ji, I took the Guru mantra yesterday, what did you say, I don't Guru ji, I took the Guru mantra yesterday, what did you say, I don't lie, oh lie, oh lie, oh brother, right now I am making you say I love you, oh, we will love your brother, right now I am making you say I love you, oh, we will love your brother, right now I am making you say I love you, oh, we will love your husband right now, husband right now, husband right now, say I love you, yes Guru ji, I love say I love you, yes Guru ji, I love say I love you, yes Guru ji, I love you, you, you, oh not to Guru ji [laughter] oh not to Guru ji [laughter] oh not to Guru ji [laughter] wife I love you, okay, I have said I love you, wife I love you, okay, I have said I love you, wife I love you, okay, I have said I love you, now listen now listen now listen I love you, what am I hearing, I love you, what am I hearing, I love you, what am I hearing, you also say I you also say I you also say I love you, brother, husband love you, brother, husband love you, brother, husband Guru ji, my question is that at night a Guru ji, my question is that at night a Guru ji, my question is that at night a lady comes in my dream and sings a song. lady comes in my dream and sings a song. lady comes in my dream and sings a song. Oh my God [laughs] she Oh my God [laughs] she says in Bhojpuri that I love you and it has been a says in Bhojpuri that I love you and it has been a says in Bhojpuri that I love you and it has been a long time, it has been three-four years for me long time, it has been three-four years for me long time, it has been three-four years for me who comes, some lady comes and sings a song, she who comes, some lady comes and sings a song, she who comes, some lady comes and sings a song, she says pyar mein rara kahe bimar bani, you are married, you are married, you are married, you are married, so married, so married, so your wife must be singing, your wife must be singing, your wife must be singing, my wife does not sing but she my wife does not sing but she my wife does not sing but she sings at night in my dreams and you also live there, what has happened, what am I sings at night in my dreams and you also live there, what has happened, what am I sings at night in my dreams and you also live there, what has happened, what am I listening to this, listening to this, listening to this, yes, so yes, so yes, so what do I do in your dreams? what do I do in your dreams? what do I do in your dreams? You sing and she also sings.  It's been many days. You sing and she also sings.  It's been many days. You sing and she also sings.  It's been many days. Well, that was all I had left to do. Well, that was all I had left to do. Well, that was all I had left to do. Yes, you completed that too. Yes, you completed that too. Yes, you completed that too. [laughter] It's been [laughter] It's been [laughter] It's been three years almost now.  I am suffering for three years. three years almost now.  I am suffering for three years. So the witch comes?   The So the witch comes?   The So the witch comes?   The witch does not come.  She says a lot somewhere.  She witch does not come.  She says a lot somewhere.  She witch does not come.  She says a lot somewhere.  She says I love you.   When says I love you.   When says I love you.   When I come, I don't go away. Then she must have been your wife in your previous life. Then she must have been your wife in your previous life. Then she must have been your wife in your previous life. Now only you know what I can say in this. Now only you know what I can say in this. Hey, are you guys crazy?   She has been Hey, are you guys crazy?   She has been Hey, are you guys crazy?   She has been coming to me regularly in my dreams for the last three years.   It coming to me regularly in my dreams for the last three years.   It coming to me regularly in my dreams for the last three years.   It comes in dreams.  She doesn't even let me work comes in dreams.  She doesn't even let me work comes in dreams.  She doesn't even let me work anywhere.  Meaning, we also talk face to face.   She anywhere.  Meaning, we also talk face to face.   She anywhere.  Meaning, we also talk face to face.   She says whatever I want will happen.   It says whatever I want will happen.   It says whatever I want will happen.   It also comes to the fore. also comes to the fore. also comes to the fore. Yes. Yes. Yes. So how does it look? So how does it look? So how does it look? You come in front.  [laughter] You come in front.  [laughter] You come in front.  [laughter] We're already in front. We're already in front. We're already in front. You come forward.  We are in front of you, we are You come forward.  We are in front of you, we are You come forward.  We are in front of you, we are here right now, you are in front of you there too, here right now, you are in front of you there too, here right now, you are in front of you there too, oh, are you guys crazy, so we oh, are you guys crazy, so we come on TV every day at 3:00 in everyone's house, we come on TV every day at 3:00 in everyone's house, we come on TV every day at 3:00 in everyone's house, we come on TV, we come there on the road also come on TV, we come there on the road also come on TV, we come there on the road also [laughter] come on, there must be someone coming, our ghost, someone coming, our ghost, someone coming, our ghost, so we trouble you, so we trouble you, so we trouble you, Maharaj ji, I am very troubled, Maharaj ji, I am very troubled, Maharaj ji, I am very troubled, who troubles you, when who troubles you, when who troubles you, when you come, I like the song you come, I like the song you come, I like the song and if the ghost does not come, then and if the ghost does not come, then and if the ghost does not come, then both of them, listen, when you sing, I like it, I both of them, listen, when you sing, I like it, I swear to God, keep swear to God, keep swear to God, keep listening to it when I like it, what is the listening to it when I like it, what is the listening to it when I like it, what is the problem, the problem, the problem, the problem is that there is no money, problem is that there is no money, problem is that there is no money, go there, go there, go there, work, keep listening to songs, you also sing, you should work, keep listening to songs, you also sing, you should work, keep listening to songs, you also sing, you should sing a song or two, you should recite Hanuman Chalisa, sing a song or two, you should recite Hanuman Chalisa, sing a song or two, you should recite Hanuman Chalisa, Jai Hanuman Gyan Sagar Jai Hanuman Gyan Sagar Jai Hanuman Gyan Sagar Hanuman says who is Hanuman, Hanuman says who is Hanuman, Hanuman says who is Hanuman, you should recite Hanuman Chalisa in front of me, she will run away you should recite Hanuman Chalisa in front of me, she will run away you should recite Hanuman Chalisa in front of me, she will run away [laughter] she does [laughter] she does [laughter] she does not run away, I have read it and seen not run away, I have read it and seen not run away, I have read it and seen Maharaj, Maharaj, Maharaj, come on, recite Hanuman Chalisa, I do come on, recite Hanuman Chalisa, I do come on, recite Hanuman Chalisa, I do not remember Hanuman Chalisa, if I do not remember, then what will you recite, then how will she if I do not remember, then what will you recite, then how will she if I do not remember, then what will you recite, then how will she run away, if I run away, if I run away, if I tell her and she runs away, tell her and she runs away, tell her and she runs away, okay  [laughter] That's what we are saying, if okay  [laughter] That's what we are saying, if okay  [laughter] That's what we are saying, if you recite Hanuman Chalisa, you will run away. you recite Hanuman Chalisa, you will run away. you recite Hanuman Chalisa, you will run away. Remember Hanuman Chalisa. Whenever she Remember Hanuman Chalisa. Whenever she Remember Hanuman Chalisa. Whenever she sings the song Chudail, you start chanting Jai Hanuman sings the song Chudail, you start chanting Jai Hanuman sings the song Chudail, you start chanting Jai Hanuman Gyan. She Gyan. She Gyan. She sang a song, Bana ke jeans wali sang a song, Bana ke jeans wali sang a song, Bana ke jeans wali Saliya Dulha Khojli Saliya Dulha Khojli Saliya Dulha Khojli She sang Saree wali Saliya Dulha She sang Saree wali Saliya Dulha She sang Saree wali Saliya Dulha Khojli. Will Khojli. Will Khojli. Will you recite Hanuman Chalisa, what will you recite? I recite you recite Hanuman Chalisa, what will you recite? I recite you recite Hanuman Chalisa, what will you recite? I recite Hanuman Chalisa also, still she does Hanuman Chalisa also, still she does Hanuman Chalisa also, still she does n't run away. n't run away. n't run away. Okay, let me tell you.  You don't even remember. Okay, let me tell you.  You don't even remember. Okay, let me tell you.  You don't even remember. What will you tell me? What will you tell me? What will you tell me? Maharaj ji, I remember Hanuman Chalisa.  I had to Maharaj ji, I remember Hanuman Chalisa.  I had to Maharaj ji, I remember Hanuman Chalisa.  I had to keep it at home first. keep it at home first. keep it at home first. Hey, when the witch comes, where will you look for her Hey, when the witch comes, where will you look for her Hey, when the witch comes, where will you look for her ?  Remember this.  [Laughter] ?  Remember this.  [Laughter] ?  Remember this.  [Laughter] Maharaj Ji, how do I know that she talks to me 24 hours a day. Maharaj Ji, how do I know that she talks to me 24 hours a day. You just recite Hanuman Chalisa.  You'll be You just recite Hanuman Chalisa.  You'll be You just recite Hanuman Chalisa.  You'll be bothering the witch yourself.  [laughter] Maharaj Ji, I am looking for Lakshmi. Maharaj Ji, I am looking for Lakshmi. Maharaj Ji, I am looking for Lakshmi. Okay Okay Okay Lakshmi, Lakshmi, Lakshmi, yes yes yes Lakshmi is not available? Lakshmi is not available? Lakshmi is not available? No, No, No, why? why? why? Which Lakshmi?  Lakshmi with money or Which Lakshmi?  Lakshmi with money or Lakshmi with wife [laughs]? Lakshmi with wife [laughs]? Lakshmi with wife [laughs]? So you are not married? So you are not married? So you are not married? Why didn't I do that, sir?  I will do it. Why didn't I do that, sir?  I will do it. Why didn't I do that, sir?  I will do it. Asking parents to get it done.  [MUSIC] Asking parents to get it done.  [MUSIC] Asking parents to get it done.  [MUSIC] Only the parents will know. Only the parents will know. Only the parents will know. What has happened?  What am I hearing? What has happened?  What am I hearing? What has happened?  What am I hearing? So I am not giving you Lakshmi, So I am not giving you Lakshmi, So I am not giving you Lakshmi, so did you like someone so did you like someone so did you like someone Maharaj Ji, did you like someone Maharaj Ji, did you like someone Maharaj Ji, did you like someone I am God, I am God, I am God, you are God, so you are God, so you are God, so when there is God, then he already has when there is God, then he already has when there is God, then he already has Lakshmi Lakshmi Lakshmi then why are you getting worried [music] now tell me what I do now tell me what I do now tell me what I do n't have n't have n't have what is not there I don't have what is not there I don't have what is not there I don't have anything because I have seen a dream, which anything because I have seen a dream, which anything because I have seen a dream, which Lakshmi, Lakshmi, Lakshmi, which Lakshmi, which Lakshmi, who did you see in the dream, which neighbor did you see who did you see in the dream, which neighbor did you see who did you see in the dream, which neighbor did you see [laughter] I am not getting up, the boy is going to get married not getting up, the boy is going to get married not getting up, the boy is going to get married [laughter] I am not getting up, I am sitting and sitting not getting up, I am sitting and sitting not getting up, I am sitting and sitting here and looking for Lakshmi, first stand up, here and looking for Lakshmi, first stand up, here and looking for Lakshmi, first stand up, you are not able to stand for two minutes you are not able to stand for two minutes who will marry you in such a situation [laughter] if who will marry you in such a situation [laughter] if who will marry you in such a situation [laughter] if no one will do it then no one will do it then no one will do it then why are you looking for it, you chant Ram Ram, why are you looking for it, you chant Ram Ram, why are you looking for it, you chant Ram Ram, yes chant the yes chant the yes chant the name of God, you earn money, name of God, you earn money, name of God, you earn money, how much do you earn how much do you earn how much do you earn [encouraging voice] you [encouraging voice] you [encouraging voice] you smoke ganja smoke ganja smoke ganja no, you no, you no, you drink liquor, you don't drink liquor, you do drink liquor, you don't drink liquor, you do drink liquor, you don't drink liquor, you do n't drink ganja [laughter] I swear on my mother I do n't drink ganja [laughter] I swear on my mother I do n't drink ganja [laughter] I swear on my mother I do n't drink liquor, you n't drink liquor, you n't drink liquor, you smoke chillum, smoke chillum, smoke chillum, hey chillum is ganja  Brother hey chillum is ganja  Brother hey chillum is ganja  Brother your face tells me that you smoke your face tells me that you smoke your face tells me that you smoke chillum.  How much chillum do you smoke?  [Music] Sorry, any wrong words. Sorry, any wrong words. Sorry, any wrong words. So those who smoke chillum are no longer eligible for marriage.  Do So those who smoke chillum are no longer eligible for marriage.  Do So those who smoke chillum are no longer eligible for marriage.  Do n't get married now.  Look, n't get married now.  Look, n't get married now.  Look, you don't have the courage.  I do you don't have the courage.  I do you don't have the courage.  I do n't have the courage to stand up.  He went to find Lakshmi. n't have the courage to stand up.  He went to find Lakshmi. n't have the courage to stand up.  He went to find Lakshmi. [laughter] It was a [laughter] It was a [laughter] It was a mistake.  So she unknowingly said, mistake.  So she unknowingly said, mistake.  So she unknowingly said, son, you are not able to recognize me, son, you are not able to recognize me, son, you are not able to recognize me, I have recognized you, you are a number one ganjed I have recognized you, you are a number one ganjed I have recognized you, you are a number one ganjed and how should I recognize you, and how should I recognize you, and how should I recognize you, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, go, do you want to say something, where are you going to smoke ganja go, do you want to say something, where are you going to smoke ganja go, do you want to say something, where are you going to smoke ganja Guru ji, I have had a love marriage, that is why I have come to Guru ji, I have had a love marriage, that is why I have come to Guru ji, I have had a love marriage, that is why I have come to you you you [laughs] what have you come to tell you, you are [laughs] what have you come to tell you, you are [laughs] what have you come to tell you, you are not sending my wife, I mean sorry [laughs] not sending my wife, I mean sorry [laughs] not sending my wife, I mean sorry [laughs] what about me, tell me, you are not sending me, first get what about me, tell me, you are not sending me, first get what about me, tell me, you are not sending me, first get married, married, married, you are not ready to come home, mother is not sending me, you are not ready to come home, mother is not sending me, hey, what do you want to say, how old are you, hey, what do you want to say, how old are you, hey, what do you want to say, how old are you, 22 years 22 years 22 years and wife's and wife's and wife's 18 years, so 18 years, so 18 years, so when did you get married?   The when did you get married?   The marriage took place eight days ago. It has been only marriage took place eight days ago. It has been only marriage took place eight days ago. It has been only eight days since the marriage took place. Was it a eight days since the marriage took place. Was it a eight days since the marriage took place. Was it a love marriage? love marriage? love marriage? Yes, Yes, Yes, you had a love marriage but now the girl's you had a love marriage but now the girl's you had a love marriage but now the girl's parents will not send her.  That girl will parents will not send her.  That girl will parents will not send her.  That girl will not agree to the courtyard. not agree to the courtyard. not agree to the courtyard. Now the girl is ready to go to the courtyard but her parents are Now the girl is ready to go to the courtyard but her parents are Now the girl is ready to go to the courtyard but her parents are not sending her.   The not sending her.   The not sending her.   The reason for this is that Narendra Modi, reason for this is that Narendra Modi, reason for this is that Narendra Modi, his brother, says don't come. his brother, says don't come. his brother, says don't come. From which sister? From which sister? From which sister? Yes. Yes. Yes. So your wife has gone to her parents' house. So your wife has gone to her parents' house. So your wife has gone to her parents' house. Ok. Ok. Ok. And he is not ready to come. And he is not ready to come. And he is not ready to come. So it got worse in 8 days.  It means they brought the Chinese model.   It got So it got worse in 8 days.  It means they brought the Chinese model.   It got spoiled.  [laughs] spoiled.  [laughs] spoiled.  [laughs] Sir, he is a model from across the Ganga. Sir, he is a model from across the Ganga. Sir, he is a model from across the Ganga. They don't say Ganga where there are sugarcanes. They don't say Ganga where there are sugarcanes. They don't say Ganga where there are sugarcanes. So why did you do a love marriage?  Let's listen carefully. So why did you do a love marriage?  Let's listen carefully. So why did you do a love marriage?  Let's listen carefully. Raji [laughs] died. Raji [laughs] died. Raji [laughs] died. Well, the girl's parents were not ready.   I was Well, the girl's parents were not ready.   I was Well, the girl's parents were not ready.   I was ready earlier, but not now. And are your parents and And are your parents and And are your parents and my parents agree?  Good. my parents agree?  Good. my parents agree?  Good. My brother beat me up about it My brother beat me up about it My brother beat me up about it but I didn't say anything.  I said let the but I didn't say anything.  I said let the but I didn't say anything.  I said let the wedding procession take place. wedding procession take place. wedding procession take place. His brother hit you. His brother hit you. His brother hit you. My brother hit me but I did not say anything. My brother hit me but I did not say anything. Okay, since you are married then bring her and keep her. Okay, since you are married then bring her and keep her. Okay, since you are married then bring her and keep her. What drugs do they take? What drugs do they take? What drugs do they take? Yes Guru ji does drugs. Yes Guru ji does drugs. Yes Guru ji does drugs. What intoxication? What intoxication? What intoxication? They eat gutkha and also drink alcohol. They eat gutkha and also drink alcohol. They eat gutkha and also drink alcohol. Hey Baba, hey Hey Baba, hey Hey Baba, hey boy, you have progressed a lot, let me talk to you. boy, you have progressed a lot, let me talk to you. boy, you have progressed a lot, let me talk to you. Radhe-Radhe Guruji. Radhe-Radhe Guruji. Radhe-Radhe Guruji. What is the name? What is the name? What is the name? Akhilesh.   Do Akhilesh.   Do Akhilesh.   Do you drink alcohol? you drink alcohol? you drink alcohol? Good. Good. Good. How much do you drink?   Worth How much do you drink?   Worth How much do you drink?   Worth ₹100. ₹100. ₹100. Hey Baba, it's worth Hey Baba, it's worth Hey Baba, it's worth ₹100. ₹100. ₹100. What do you drink? What do you drink? What do you drink? Listen, since when have you been drinking? Listen, since when have you been drinking? When did you start [laughs] from now on?   It's been When did you start [laughs] from now on?   It's been When did you start [laughs] from now on?   It's been a year.   Do you a year.   Do you a year.   Do you like alcohol? like alcohol? like alcohol? No.  [laughs] No.  [laughs] No.  [laughs] Where do you get ₹100 to drink alcohol?   I Where do you get ₹100 to drink alcohol?   I Where do you get ₹100 to drink alcohol?   I earn it and bring it. earn it and bring it. earn it and bring it. How much do you earn?   Do How much do you earn?   Do people improve or deteriorate after spending ₹15,000 a month on alcohol?   Are people improve or deteriorate after spending ₹15,000 a month on alcohol?   Are people improve or deteriorate after spending ₹15,000 a month on alcohol?   Are made.  [laughter] Are you made.  [laughter] Are you made.  [laughter] Are you made after drinking alcohol? made after drinking alcohol? made after drinking alcohol? No.  Do you make it? No.  Do you make it? No.  Do you make it? Make it.   I made a Make it.   I made a Make it.   I made a big mistake, sir.  [laughter] Do they get big mistake, sir.  [laughter] Do they get big mistake, sir.  [laughter] Do they get worse?  What are they made of?   Are worse?  What are they made of?   Are worse?  What are they made of?   Are made. made. made. What are they made of?  What will happen after drinking alcohol What are they made of?  What will happen after drinking alcohol What are they made of?  What will happen after drinking alcohol ? ? ? Not after drinking alcohol.   It is Not after drinking alcohol.   It is Not after drinking alcohol.   It is not made by drinking alcohol.   It is not made by drinking alcohol.   It is not made by drinking alcohol.   It is not possible.  People become spoiled after drinking alcohol. not possible.  People become spoiled after drinking alcohol. not possible.  People become spoiled after drinking alcohol. Household matters deteriorate. Household matters deteriorate. Household matters deteriorate. So son, will you become a drunkard? So son, will you become a drunkard? So son, will you become a drunkard? No. No. No. Why did you start it?  Who taught you to Why did you start it?  Who taught you to Why did you start it?  Who taught you to drink alcohol? drink alcohol? drink alcohol? Friends had taught me [laughs] Friends had taught me [laughs] Friends had taught me [laughs] friend, is he your friend or an enemy? A friend, is he your friend or an enemy? A friend, is he your friend or an enemy? A friend, the one who gives friend, the one who gives friend, the one who gives you liquor, is he your friend or an you liquor, is he your friend or an you liquor, is he your friend or an enemy, enemy, enemy, now he has become an enemy now he has become an enemy now he has become an enemy so son, the one who takes you on the wrong path is so son, the one who takes you on the wrong path is so son, the one who takes you on the wrong path is not a friend, what is he? not a friend, what is he? not a friend, what is he? We are showing you the right path, we We are showing you the right path, we We are showing you the right path, we are your friends.  Well, are your friends.  Well, are your friends.  Well, this liquor that they are giving you to drink is your this liquor that they are giving you to drink is your this liquor that they are giving you to drink is your biggest enemy. They will biggest enemy. They will biggest enemy. They will make you an addict by making you drink it, you will be useless. What they say is make you an addict by making you drink it, you will be useless. What they say is make you an addict by making you drink it, you will be useless. What they say is right, if right, if you will not drink it, I will you will not drink it, I will you will not drink it, I will definitely not drink it, definitely not drink it, swear to my mother that you will not drink it, swear to my mother that you will not drink it, swear to my mother that you will not drink it, say to my mother, I will not drink it say to my mother, I will not drink it say to my mother, I will not drink it today, I will definitely not drink it, if I drink it, I will not drink it, if I drink it, my today, I will definitely not drink it, if I drink it, I will not drink it, if I drink it, my today, I will definitely not drink it, if I drink it, I will not drink it, if I drink it, my mother will die, they will not let me die, mother will die, they will not let me die, mother will die, they will not let me die, if I do not drink it, will I die, yes, [laughs]