After the arrival of mother and grandmother's Teej, today my After the arrival of mother and grandmother's Teej, today my After the arrival of mother and grandmother's Teej, today my brother also brought my Teej.  Early in the morning I started doing brother also brought my Teej.  Early in the morning I started doing brother also brought my Teej.  Early in the morning I started doing household chores.  Because today my brother will household chores.  Because today my brother will household chores.  Because today my brother will come to give me Teej.  First I washed and come to give me Teej.  First I washed and come to give me Teej.  First I washed and dried the clothes, then finished all the household work and dried the clothes, then finished all the household work and dried the clothes, then finished all the household work and now it was time to do some quick skin care. now it was time to do some quick skin care. now it was time to do some quick skin care. First I tried this face wash which I use daily. First I tried this face wash which I use daily. First I tried this face wash which I use daily. And now it was the turn of this viral D10 And now it was the turn of this viral D10 And now it was the turn of this viral D10 mask which I use twice a week. mask which I use twice a week. mask which I use twice a week. This is the Safest D10.  Apply it on the face, This is the Safest D10.  Apply it on the face, This is the Safest D10.  Apply it on the face, let it dry for 15 minutes and then wash the face. let it dry for 15 minutes and then wash the face. let it dry for 15 minutes and then wash the face. Best combo to remove face tan.  You will get good results in one wash. Best combo to remove face tan.  You will get good results in one wash. I've tagged the screen if you want it too. I've tagged the screen if you want it too. I've tagged the screen if you want it too. Then I took a bath and got ready, then brother Arab Then I took a bath and got ready, then brother Arab Then I took a bath and got ready, then brother Arab also arrived.  I came and met everyone and we sat and also arrived.  I came and met everyone and we sat and also arrived.  I came and met everyone and we sat and talked a lot.  And today talked a lot.  And today talked a lot.  And today I also got to eat a slice of pizza with them. I also got to eat a slice of pizza with them. I also got to eat a slice of pizza with them. Now we had to prepare the food. Now we had to prepare the food. Now we had to prepare the food. We had ordered vegetables from outside.  Then We had ordered vegetables from outside.  Then We had ordered vegetables from outside.  Then I made rotis and served the food.  He I made rotis and served the food.  He I made rotis and served the food.  He ate food and gave Teej items to mother. ate food and gave Teej items to mother. ate food and gave Teej items to mother. Now it was time for them to leave.  So she Now it was time for them to leave.  So she Now it was time for them to leave.  So she said goodbye to everyone and went back.