So hey guys welcome back to another day another So hey guys welcome back to another day another So hey guys welcome back to another day another vlog.  So how are you all?  Today's vlog we're vlog.  So how are you all?  Today's vlog we're vlog.  So how are you all?  Today's vlog we're starting a little outside.  That means starting a little outside.  That means starting a little outside.  That means I have reached the venue all ready. I have reached the venue all ready. I have reached the venue all ready. Me and Mars were just having dinner.  The match has Me and Mars were just having dinner.  The match has Me and Mars were just having dinner.  The match has started.  Meaning the first match started.  Meaning the first match started.  Meaning the first match is over and we are just leaving after having food. is over and we are just leaving after having food. is over and we are just leaving after having food. Here the side player just ate food from the launch Here the side player just ate food from the launch Here the side player just ate food from the launch and Nihal lost the first match. and Nihal lost the first match. and Nihal lost the first match. Now let's see what's going on. Now let's see what's going on. Now let's see what's going on. Mars has been removed.  I just went along to get some Mars has been removed.  I just went along to get some Mars has been removed.  I just went along to get some water and this so let's go and see water and this so let's go and see water and this so let's go and see what happens.  What are the results of the match now?  Let's what happens.  What are the results of the match now?  Let's what happens.  What are the results of the match now?  Let's go.   The match is going on.   It's difficult brother.  It will be tough, right? difficult brother.  It will be tough, right? difficult brother.  It will be tough, right? But he can defeat it, he has defeated it before also, so it But he can defeat it, he has defeated it before also, so it But he can defeat it, he has defeated it before also, so it means he means he means he can defeat it brother, our guy is no less than two, brother, can defeat it brother, our guy is no less than two, brother, such support brother, are you watching such support brother, are you watching such support brother, are you watching Rocket League, on top of that brother, there is a lot of Rocket League, on top of that brother, there is a lot of Rocket League, on top of that brother, there is a lot of craze for Rocket League also, it means every craze for Rocket League also, it means every craze for Rocket League also, it means every game has some craze or the other which we are game has some craze or the other which we are game has some craze or the other which we are not aware of, but it is, not aware of, but it is, not aware of, but it is, I am saying, it I am saying, it I am saying, it seems like seems like seems like I am saying, every game has a craze I am saying, every game has a craze I am saying, every game has a craze and let's keep and let's keep and let's keep watching that, watching that, watching that, they don't do this much.  People don't know they don't do this much.  People don't know they don't do this much.  People don't know that every game has its craze.  Different place that every game has its craze.  Different place that every game has its craze.  Different place here most thing is friends audience here most thing is friends audience here most thing is friends audience is very crazy for e sports.  Like is very crazy for e sports.  Like is very crazy for e sports.  Like literally they are very mad.   You literally they are very mad.   You literally they are very mad.   You can go here. I look here every day.  It is going on.  It is I look here every day.  It is going on.  It is I look here every day.  It is going on.  It is going on.  Were not playing yesterday. going on.  Were not playing yesterday. going on.  Were not playing yesterday. These people were not there. No, we have brought a brought a brought a Mega F from Kob, he has a Mega phone in his hand, yes it is happening, it is happening, it is happening, he has saved it saved it saved it and the situation is going on, I don't know what it is, it is and the situation is going on, I don't know what it is, it is and the situation is going on, I don't know what it is, it is coming now, friend, even if there is a draw, coming now, friend, even if there is a draw, coming now, friend, even if there is a draw, Nihal will be out, I was Nihal will be out, I was Nihal will be out, I was talking, if there is a draw, then he has won, whatever amount he has to pay. talking, if there is a draw, then he has won, whatever amount he has to pay. Two matches have to be won.  Ca Two matches have to be won.  Ca Two matches have to be won.  Ca n't even draw a draw. Nice, what's here is about to finish. what's here is about to finish. what's here is about to finish. Hey guys, look who's here? Come my Lambu ji, come forward.  Have you come, how did you do it, I will Come my Lambu ji, come forward.  Have you come, how did you do it, I will go to the gym in the evening, what is this go to the gym in the evening, what is this go to the gym in the evening, what is this stick, you have bought stick, you have bought stick, you have bought this new camera, what do you do with it, not just this new camera, what do you do with it, not just this new camera, what do you do with it, not just yours but the person in front gets yours but the person in front gets yours but the person in front gets recorded, so recorded, so recorded, so no tension, the person no tension, the person no tension, the person behind gets recorded as well and there is no problem in editing, behind gets recorded as well and there is no problem in editing, once you learn something, it is very good once you learn something, it is very good once you learn something, it is very good but it is better than this, there is pocket four, but it is better than this, there is pocket four, but it is better than this, there is pocket four, yes yes yes buy that, it is better, I used that buy that, it is better, I used that buy that, it is better, I used that here in my London blog, okay, but I here in my London blog, okay, but I here in my London blog, okay, but I bought that one from someone, from a friend, bought that one from someone, from a friend, bought that one from someone, from a friend, where did you get this one, then where did you get this one, then where did you get this one, then this one is already there, I had taken this one to Nepal, I had this one is already there, I had taken this one to Nepal, I had this one is already there, I had taken this one to Nepal, I had bought it for Mount Everest.   Come on bought it for Mount Everest.   Come on bought it for Mount Everest.   Come on brother, he is brother, he is brother, he is doing gym here also.  Brother has not left this gym. doing gym here also.  Brother has not left this gym. Hello, brother. Hello, brother. Hello, brother. How are you brother? Hey brother, I got Hey brother, I got emotional.   It's okay brother, I okay brother, I okay brother, I met Arjun brother, he commented, met Arjun brother, he commented, met Arjun brother, he commented, I said come to the venue, let's meet, so I said come to the venue, let's meet, so I said come to the venue, let's meet, so he has given me this gift and has he has given me this gift and has he has given me this gift and has brought these chocolates brother, thank you friend, brought these chocolates brother, thank you friend, brought these chocolates brother, thank you friend, thank you brother, thank you brother, thank you brother, yes take it, take it, crazy brother, yes take it, take it, crazy brother, yes take it, take it, crazy brother, you made it with your own you made it with your own you made it with your own hands hands hands brother, how much time did it take brother, how much time did it take brother, how much time did it take me, it took me two days me, it took me two days me, it took me two days brother, the 30 million one is also less than yours brother, see brother, the 30 million one is also less than yours brother, see brother, the 30 million one is also less than yours brother, see what came next [laughs], what came next [laughs], what came next [laughs], 20 came, 20 came, 20 came, 20 is coming, 100 million. coming, 100 million. coming, 100 million. Brother, I will do it too.  wait.  So guys, we have done Brother, I will do it too.  wait.  So guys, we have done Brother, I will do it too.  wait.  So guys, we have done some shopping.  The bulls are some shopping.  The bulls are some shopping.  The bulls are stuffed. stuffed. stuffed. So I had said I would take it, but it got a little late but I took it. So I had said I would take it, but it got a little late but I took it. What?  Hey, move aside, let me do it too. What?  Hey, move aside, let me do it too. What?  Hey, move aside, let me do it too. Why are you blowing your chest?  Checkw. Why are you blowing your chest?  Checkw. Why are you blowing your chest?  Checkw. How long will your chest take?  Are? How long will your chest take?  Are? How long will your chest take?  Are? Look, I saw $1 million.  [laughter] Look, I saw $1 million.  [laughter] Look, I saw $1 million.  [laughter] Hey brother, look at this.  Oh mother, I swear. Hey brother, look at this.  Oh mother, I swear. Hey brother, look at this.  Oh mother, I swear. Hey, the $20 that I got was Hey, the $20 that I got was Hey, the $20 that I got was for the face, I got more on the apps. for the face, I got more on the apps. for the face, I got more on the apps. Yes, there is more on the app.  I gave you $20 for your looks.   This is Yes, there is more on the app.  I gave you $20 for your looks.   This is free, isn't it? free, isn't it? free, isn't it? No, this one is a $10 one.  I spent 20.   It's No, this one is a $10 one.  I spent 20.   It's No, this one is a $10 one.  I spent 20.   It's free.  I know you can't spend money. free.  I know you can't spend money. free.  I know you can't spend money. This is free.  I know from the first day that it is This is free.  I know from the first day that it is This is free.  I know from the first day that it is free.  Listen, the elders also come. free.  Listen, the elders also come. free.  Listen, the elders also come. Yes. Yes. Yes. Cards here and there. Cards here and there. Cards here and there. He is free. He is free. He is free. ₹15 ₹15 ₹15 Buy Two Get One Free.  You can give me the free one. Buy Two Get One Free.  You can give me the free one. Buy two get one free.  What? Buy two get one free.  What? Buy two get one free.  What? Yes.  If you get two done, one is free. Yes.  If you get two done, one is free. Yes.  If you get two done, one is free. Come on lady, apply it.  You didn't come today with the luck, so Come on lady, apply it.  You didn't come today with the luck, so Come on lady, apply it.  You didn't come today with the luck, so how much did you get, how much did you get, how much did you get, how much did you get, how much did you show, show how much how much did you get, how much did you show, show how much how much did you get, how much did you show, show how much 2.6 million did 2.6 million did 2.6 million did not come, not come, not come, hey let me eat the hey let me eat the hey let me eat the Campa, hey, Campa, hey, where is it, it's come, it's written, the where is it, it's come, it's written, the where is it, it's come, it's written, the Campa has come, Dekhti ST's, that has also come, Campa has come, Dekhti ST's, that has also come, Campa has come, Dekhti ST's, that has also come, yes, the people have also come, yes, yes, the people have also come, yes, yes, the people have also come, yes, keep this, I have keep this, I have keep this, I have not taken it, yours continue for me, not taken it, yours continue for me, not taken it, yours continue for me, please do it, please do it, please do it, brother, will you do it yourself, hey, move aside, brother, will you do it yourself, hey, move aside, when it comes, tell me, tell me in three seconds, when it comes, tell me, tell me in three seconds, when it comes, tell me, tell me in three seconds, kid, ca kid, ca kid, ca n't you see, I want n't you see, I want n't you see, I want 100 million, brother, 100 100 million, brother, 100 100 million, brother, 100 million, three two, million, three two, million, three two, one one one zero, it's zero, it's zero, it's fun, fun, fun, just 100 million, 100 million will just 100 million, 100 million will just 100 million, 100 million will not come, not come, not come, 100 million, 100 million, 100 million, 100 million, 100 million, 100 million, 20 [laughs] hey, listen, in this form, nothing will come, hey, listen, in this form, nothing will come, hey, listen, in this form, nothing will come, I feel like you will say, I feel like you will say, I feel like you will say, what's the matter, you make records everywhere, what do you say, it was what's the matter, you make records everywhere, what do you say, it was divided, divided, divided, $30, that record, $30, that record, $30, that record, no, no, no, friend, no, no, no, friend, no, no, no, friend, how much was it, 18, how much was it, 18, how much was it, 18, 30, hey, show me the 30, it's 30, hey, show me the 30, it's 30, hey, show me the 30, it's 30 for both the three people 30 for both the three people 30 for both the three people there also, here also there is 30 of one, hey, I did there also, here also there is 30 of one, hey, I did there also, here also there is 30 of one, hey, I did n't see less than 30, I just showed this, I did n't see less than 30, I just showed this, I did n't see less than 30, I just showed this, I did n't see less than 30, I n't see less than 30, I n't see less than 30, I just show you this, should I put it, oh just show you this, should I put it, oh my god my god my god listen, what is that one that is going to be put here, go and put it, that listen, what is that one that is going to be put here, go and put it, that stick here, that is on the back, stick here, that is on the back, stick here, that is on the back, brother sign it, the value will be $100 for 100, brother sign it, the value will be $100 for 100, brother sign it, the value will be $100 for 100, yes go and put it, no, go and yes go and put it, no, go and yes go and put it, no, go and sign it, they will sign it, they will sign it, they will say which scoundrel is this, the one with 20, he will say did you say which scoundrel is this, the one with 20, he will say did you say which scoundrel is this, the one with 20, he will say did you steal the purse [laughs] steal the purse [laughs] steal the purse [laughs] I will tell you, how is your hair, I will tell you, how is your hair, I will tell you, how is your hair, your hair doesn't look like a thug's, I look like a thief, no, no, your hair doesn't look like a thug's, I look like a thief, no, no, he doesn't look like a street thief, he is the one who he doesn't look like a street thief, he is the one who he doesn't look like a street thief, he is the one who steals purses, steals purses, steals purses, how much, come on, it is how much, come on, it is how much, come on, it is coming to 100 million, coming to 100 million, coming to 100 million, guess it, guess it is guess it, guess it is guess it, guess it is 3.9 million, 39, 39 million, 3.9 million, 39, 39 million, but he did not give that brother, but he did not give that brother, but he did not give that brother, he did not give the face made, otherwise it would have come he did not give the face made, otherwise it would have come he did not give the face made, otherwise it would have come because he is making it with this only. because he is making it with this only. because he is making it with this only. Come on, do it.  [Music] Come on, do it.  [Music] Come on, do it.  [Music] They're coming in at 1 billion and 2.4 billion. They're coming in at 1 billion and 2.4 billion. They're coming in at 1 billion and 2.4 billion. Move.   moved away.  moved away.  moved away.  moved away.  moved away.   Let me Move.   moved away.  moved away.  moved away.  moved away.  moved away.   Let me tell you. tell you. tell you. 1 billion [sound of clearing throat] here it is 1 billion [sound of clearing throat] here it is 1 billion [sound of clearing throat] here it is from the Alliance.  [laughter] from the Alliance.  [laughter] from the Alliance.  [laughter] Now your brother is going to break this record. Now your brother is going to break this record. Now your brother is going to break this record. See. See. See. That 20 one. That 20 one. That 20 one. Hey, someone please pause it. Hey, someone please pause it. Hey, someone please pause it. Then you stuck it, right? Then you stuck it, right? Then you stuck it, right? Come on, I will show you.   He Come on, I will show you.   He Come on, I will show you.   He stuck two.  And if it came out of this, then stuck two.  And if it came out of this, then stuck two.  And if it came out of this, then 20 and one came out. 20 and one came out. 20 and one came out. [laughs] 10 was out, brother, it was fun. [laughs] 10 was out, brother, it was fun. [laughs] 10 was out, brother, it was fun. okay brother.  Make fun of it.  I am not getting any less than you.   I do okay brother.  Make fun of it.  I am not getting any less than you.   I do n't know why it seems more of it will n't know why it seems more of it will n't know why it seems more of it will come from there. come from there. come from there. No, he doesn't know my height, right?   It will take No, he doesn't know my height, right?   It will take No, he doesn't know my height, right?   It will take so much time.  Hey, so much to so much time.  Hey, so much to so much time.  Hey, so much to write down.  Hey, it is taking time to write the number. write down.  Hey, it is taking time to write the number. write down.  Hey, it is taking time to write the number. Time taken for digits to print out. Time taken for digits to print out. Time taken for digits to print out. Came.  Oye Oye how many? Came.  Oye Oye how many? Came.  Oye Oye how many? 700 million. 700 million. 700 million. 702 million.  Oh, I thought he would hit the exit. 702 million.  Oh, I thought he would hit the exit. 702 million.  Oh, I thought he would hit the exit. Aaya aaya aaya aaya aaya aaya Aaya aaya aaya aaya aaya aaya what's the matter Bey yes Bey what's the matter Bey yes Bey what's the matter Bey yes Bey what did you say where is yours what did you say where is yours what did you say where is yours what is yours oy this is even less, I am oy this is even less, I am oy this is even less, I am not able to match mine [laughs] I don't know if the public will get it done for 2 million then we will know, get it done, if you do know if the public will get it done for 2 million then we will know, get it done, if you do know if the public will get it done for 2 million then we will know, get it done, if you do n't answer then I am leaving, does n't answer then I am leaving, does n't answer then I am leaving, does anyone know this much less, friend.   I have got the anyone know this much less, friend.   I have got the anyone know this much less, friend.   I have got the least amount of money in this. least amount of money in this. least amount of money in this. This water This water This water kake is another one I did. kake is another one I did. kake is another one I did. So much laughter, So much laughter, So much laughter, I have another one coming.  To check.  702 I have another one coming.  To check.  702 I have another one coming.  To check.  702 million came, right?  Now see, if million came, right?  Now see, if million came, right?  Now see, if my piece has come then take a look at it.  I am even more insulted. my piece has come then take a look at it.  I am even more insulted. my piece has come then take a look at it.  I am even more insulted. He has gone away, right?   The He has gone away, right?   The He has gone away, right?   The billion has arrived. billion has arrived. billion has arrived. You feed him dinner. You feed him dinner. You feed him dinner. Billion.   If you have Billion.   If you have Billion.   If you have billions then you are feeding me dinner. billions then you are feeding me dinner. billions then you are feeding me dinner. He has three billion.   There He has three billion.   There He has three billion.   There is nothing in it. is nothing in it. is nothing in it. That photo.  Okay, this Joker has looked from here to do this, okay, hey, it is That photo.  Okay, this Joker has looked from here to do this, okay, hey, it is not coming, it is finished, his ghee is finished, not coming, it is finished, his ghee is finished, Joker, hey, Joker, hey, Joker, hey, his ghee is finished, let's buy it his ghee is finished, let's buy it his ghee is finished, let's buy it tomorrow, it has come, hey, I tomorrow, it has come, hey, I swear to God, it is swear to God, it is swear to God, it is fine today, it is less than Joker, it is fine today, it is less than Joker, it is fine today, it is less than Joker, it is more than Joker, so guys, it is almost more than Joker, so guys, it is almost more than Joker, so guys, it is almost 10 in the night here, okay, no, not 10 in the night here, okay, no, not 10 in the night here, okay, no, not 10, it is 5:15 and look at the day, 10, it is 5:15 and look at the day, 10, it is 5:15 and look at the day, you guys, it is already late in the day and brother, whatever has happened today, the you guys, it is already late in the day and brother, whatever has happened today, the you guys, it is already late in the day and brother, whatever has happened today, the players of PUBG Mobile have fallen ill, players of PUBG Mobile have fallen ill, players of PUBG Mobile have fallen ill, brother, I don't know what has happened, many brother, I don't know what has happened, many brother, I don't know what has happened, many people have suddenly fallen ill.  You must have people have suddenly fallen ill.  You must have people have suddenly fallen ill.  You must have shown it to people and seen it shown it to people and seen it shown it to people and seen it on the streams that it was probably over after four matches. on the streams that it was probably over after four matches. on the streams that it was probably over after four matches. He had closed it.   I don't know what happened to He had closed it.   I don't know what happened to He had closed it.   I don't know what happened to him. him. him. No update has come yet.  Meaning, his remaining No update has come yet.  Meaning, his remaining No update has come yet.  Meaning, his remaining matches will probably start tomorrow only when he gets well.  Right now matches will probably start tomorrow only when he gets well.  Right now matches will probably start tomorrow only when he gets well.  Right now he might have said that it will be done he might have said that it will be done he might have said that it will be done tomorrow.  Let's see what happens. tomorrow.  Let's see what happens. tomorrow.  Let's see what happens. But I hope all the players recover well But I hope all the players recover well But I hope all the players recover well and play their matches safely.  And the chess and play their matches safely.  And the chess and play their matches safely.  And the chess finals are tomorrow and today Magus has finals are tomorrow and today Magus has finals are tomorrow and today Magus has reached the finals.  And reached the finals.  And reached the finals.  And just look, we're all leaving for just look, we're all leaving for just look, we're all leaving for dinner right now.  The weather has become so nice that dinner right now.  The weather has become so nice that dinner right now.  The weather has become so nice that I feel crazy about you. I feel crazy about you. I feel crazy about you. So guys, we have just come for dinner.  We have So guys, we have just come for dinner.  We have So guys, we have just come for dinner.  We have come to the same place where I had come to the same place where I had come to the same place where I had come with Rega for dinner, sorry lunch. come with Rega for dinner, sorry lunch. come with Rega for dinner, sorry lunch. And I am sitting on the same table and the same chair. And I am sitting on the same table and the same chair. And I am sitting on the same table and the same chair. I was sitting on this chair right here I was sitting on this chair right here I was sitting on this chair right here and Aman's update also came.  I have received a and Aman's update also came.  I have received a and Aman's update also came.  I have received a call from my driver.  But call from my driver.  But call from my driver.  But I guess he is coming to give it.  He I guess he is coming to give it.  He I guess he is coming to give it.  He told me so.  I will update you when I get it. told me so.  I will update you when I get it. told me so.  I will update you when I get it. Ok?  We are Ok?  We are Ok?  We are sitting like this.  Everyone else is there.  We are single sitting like this.  Everyone else is there.  We are single sitting like this.  Everyone else is there.  We are single boys here. boys here. boys here. Ok. Ok. Ok. Brothers, look at the Coke available here and there, I am getting Brothers, look at the Coke available here and there, I am getting Brothers, look at the Coke available here and there, I am getting Coke Zero in the glass class.  He does Coke Zero in the glass class.  He does Coke Zero in the glass class.  He does n't come to my side. n't come to my side. n't come to my side. I haven't seen it except for the can. I haven't seen it except for the can. I haven't seen it except for the can. He might come there soon.  Shown classic.  So we are having our He might come there soon.  Shown classic.  So we are having our He might come there soon.  Shown classic.  So we are having our meal.  Eating here.  This meal.  Eating here.  This meal.  Eating here.  This brother is eating fish.   The brother is eating fish.   The brother is eating fish.   The fish one is on the die. fish one is on the die. fish one is on the die. This doesn't come in our glass.   I don't know.  I don't know. This doesn't come in our glass.   I don't know.  I don't know. Brother, I haven't even seen bottles these days. Brother, I haven't even seen bottles these days. Brother, I haven't even seen bottles these days. I have forgotten this. I have forgotten this. I have forgotten this. When is he a man?   I do When is he a man?   I do When is he a man?   I do n't know in which era.  So guys, n't know in which era.  So guys, n't know in which era.  So guys, we have just gone out for a little walk.  After this we have just gone out for a little walk.  After this we have just gone out for a little walk.  After this we are going to some other place a little nearby.  We have we are going to some other place a little nearby.  We have we are going to some other place a little nearby.  We have our younger wife with us.  So our younger wife with us.  So our younger wife with us.  So now there is a 400 meter walk.  Let's just walk a little and then now there is a 400 meter walk.  Let's just walk a little and then now there is a 400 meter walk.  Let's just walk a little and then leave.  Brother, what a cool breeze is blowing. leave.  Brother, what a cool breeze is blowing. leave.  Brother, what a cool breeze is blowing. Look weather is also light water.  It's outside Look weather is also light water.  It's outside Look weather is also light water.  It's outside because it's raining.  It is just because it's raining.  It is just because it's raining.  It is just drizzling lightly.  Meaning I am feeling it. drizzling lightly.  Meaning I am feeling it. drizzling lightly.  Meaning I am feeling it. And the weather is very nice.  And And the weather is very nice.  And And the weather is very nice.  And I'll keep the phone in my pocket.  I will not keep it outside I'll keep the phone in my pocket.  I will not keep it outside I'll keep the phone in my pocket.  I will not keep it outside brother.  I have brother.  I have brother.  I have heard that it happens a little here. heard that it happens a little here. heard that it happens a little here. Come for.  Oh ho ho guys, Come for.  Oh ho ho guys, Come for.  Oh ho ho guys, look what have you seen, Lambo look what have you seen, Lambo look what have you seen, Lambo and this Lambo brother is BGMI Lambo, the one I and this Lambo brother is BGMI Lambo, the one I and this Lambo brother is BGMI Lambo, the one I have is a two seater one, by the way two sim, have is a two seater one, by the way two sim, have is a two seater one, by the way two sim, same colour brother, green colour, same colour brother, green colour, same colour brother, green colour, what a thing.  Hey, we will drive it in GT, friend, all this is what a thing.  Hey, we will drive it in GT, friend, all this is what a thing.  Hey, we will drive it in GT, friend, all this is here, we have a here, we have a here, we have a lot of it, friend, who drives in GT, brother, here and here, our brother in cap is brother, here and here, our brother in cap is brother, here and here, our brother in cap is wiping so much, friend, the people outside with him, he wiping so much, friend, the people outside with him, he wiping so much, friend, the people outside with him, he just played the song, thank you friend, thank just played the song, thank you friend, thank just played the song, thank you friend, thank you, thank you, I thought you would have a problem, you, thank you, I thought you would have a problem, you, thank you, I thought you would have a problem, I was not keeping it, that's okay, you should have I was not keeping it, that's okay, you should have I was not keeping it, that's okay, you should have asked me, is the asked me, is the asked me, is the song good, okay, song good, okay, song good, okay, listen, Ghulam has come secretly, or or or think you guys should get what have you come what have you come what have you come wiping. wiping. wiping. What are you doing, man? What are you doing, man? What are you doing, man? Hey, look at the water lying around. Hey, look at the water lying around. Hey, look at the water lying around. This is not jet spray, This is not jet spray, This is not jet spray, sometimes sometimes sometimes this jet spray, I don't know this jet spray, I don't know this jet spray, I don't know why it is here with you?  Why don't we have it?   gone. why it is here with you?  Why don't we have it?   gone. Hey, it is not there even in our hotel.   Let's take it and go.   Will I take it down and Hey, it is not there even in our hotel.   Let's take it and go.   Will I take it down and take it?  First take it?  First take it?  First came the address in the washroom.  I thought you had it came the address in the washroom.  I thought you had it came the address in the washroom.  I thought you had it installed.   I have installed.   I have installed.   I have not cleaned the fan in the house till date.   It not cleaned the fan in the house till date.   It not cleaned the fan in the house till date.   It also comes out from our AC.  Have I ever done anything to also comes out from our AC.  Have I ever done anything to also comes out from our AC.  Have I ever done anything to clean that place? Hello, let me clean that place? Hello, let me clean that place? Hello, let me keep that first, if it gets up, it will keep that first, if it gets up, it will block it. block it. block it. Hey, hey, it doesn't smell well. It smells Hey, hey, it doesn't smell well. It smells Hey, hey, it doesn't smell well. It smells Hey, it is wet. Hey, it will go into the mouth a little. It is Hey, it is wet. Hey, it will go into the mouth a little. It is Hey, it is wet. Hey, it will go into the mouth a little. It is wet, it is heavy. wet, it is heavy. wet, it is heavy. Okay, when it was kept in front of the fan, Okay, when it was kept in front of the fan, Okay, when it was kept in front of the fan, dust was not coming out of it, dust was not coming out of it, dust was not coming out of it, brother, you are not able to do it. Wait, it has to be done with hot water. It has not gone out. brother, you are not able to do it. Wait, it has to be done with hot water. It has not gone out. Hey, keep it here. When it was in the fan, dust was not Hey, keep it here. When it was in the fan, dust was not Hey, keep it here. When it was in the fan, dust was not coming out of it, coming out of it, coming out of it, I am going to do one more thing. Let's add 100 more. I am going to do one more thing. Let's add 100 more. I am going to do one more thing. Let's add 100 more. Just look, he is not coming. Just look, he is not coming. Just look, he is not coming. Look at his feet, they are so dirty. Look at his feet, they are so dirty. Look at his feet, they are so dirty. Hey, his feet are dirtier than that. Hey, his feet are dirtier than that. Hey, his feet are dirtier than that. Listen [laughs] are Listen [laughs] are Listen [laughs] are you talking too much?   He you talking too much?   He you talking too much?   He knows what about your feet [laughs], knows what about your feet [laughs], knows what about your feet [laughs], stop it, don't do it.   Was a stop it, don't do it.   Was a stop it, don't do it.   Was a mechanic.   The mechanic.   The mechanic.   The entire fan is working fine.   wait wait wait. entire fan is working fine.   wait wait wait. entire fan is working fine.   wait wait wait. Put it.   Are going. Put it.   Are going. Put it.   Are going. Now [laughter] wait wait. Now [laughter] wait wait. Assistant sir, if the fan is not ready then come here. Assistant sir, if the fan is not ready then come here. Assistant sir, if the fan is not ready then come here. Assistant sir, Assistant sir, Assistant sir, oh sorry, come here first, please get it sorted out with your boss, I have sent the oh sorry, come here first, please get it sorted out with your boss, I have sent the message, I need it, message, I need it, message, I need it, boss, do you need any help? [laughs] with my weapon, with my weapon, with my weapon, think, I just switched on the fan, nothing happened, think, I just switched on the fan, nothing happened, think, I just switched on the fan, nothing happened, right? right? right? Yes, Yes, Yes, what's the matter, what's the matter, what's the matter, it is drying, my it is drying, my it is drying, my neck got stuck inside the fan, like this, yes neck got stuck inside the fan, like this, yes neck got stuck inside the fan, like this, yes ₹00 [laughter] I ₹00 [laughter] I ₹00 [laughter] I saved saved saved from here, from here, this is worth 2000, Jai Shree, this one that this is worth 2000, Jai Shree, this one that this is worth 2000, Jai Shree, this one that broke the next day comfort, nothing, he is lying, nothing, he is lying, nothing, he is lying, how did the head get stuck in the commode, he is how did the head get stuck in the commode, he is how did the head get stuck in the commode, he is saying that he slipped, the saying that he slipped, the saying that he slipped, the second day I am second day I am second day I am not exaggerating, the second day not exaggerating, the second day not exaggerating, the second day morning I got a message that morning I got a message that morning I got a message that I had broken the commode [laughter] then it did not happen not happen not happen brother, how does a commode break, it had just brother, how does a commode break, it had just brother, how does a commode break, it had just fallen, it fallen, it fallen, it broke like this, how did it fall, friend, it did broke like this, how did it fall, friend, it did broke like this, how did it fall, friend, it did not hurt my head, it hit my not hurt my head, it hit my not hurt my head, it hit my hand, oh wow, so guys, hand, oh wow, so guys, hand, oh wow, so guys, we have just come we have just come we have just come back to our hotel, oh, how is the wind blowing, back to our hotel, oh, how is the wind blowing, back to our hotel, oh, how is the wind blowing, see, there is a complete storm, there was no wind blowing there, see, there is a complete storm, there was no wind blowing there, see, there is a complete storm, there was no wind blowing there, we were sitting in the balcony, now so much wind has started blowing we were sitting in the balcony, now so much wind has started blowing What's the matter here?  Come on guys, let's end the vlog here. What's the matter here?  Come on guys, let's end the vlog here. What's the matter here?  Come on guys, let's end the vlog here. See you guys See you guys See you guys in the next vlog.  By the way my flight is 16. in the next vlog.  By the way my flight is 16. in the next vlog.  By the way my flight is 16. So today it is 15.  15 means it has started. So today it is 15.  15 means it has started. So today it is 15.  15 means it has started. And we are making our comeback.  Tomorrow we are going for a And we are making our comeback.  Tomorrow we are going for a And we are making our comeback.  Tomorrow we are going for a walk.  So let's go for a walk.  Is walk.  So let's go for a walk.  Is walk.  So let's go for a walk.  Is this something that is on your neck?   I like the this something that is on your neck?   I like the this something that is on your neck?   I like the lighting like this.  Let's go guys. lighting like this.  Let's go guys. lighting like this.  Let's go guys. Take care.  Good night.  Bye-bye.