Hey welcome, don't say it softly [screaming face] Don't say it tooty fruity tooty fruity Hey welcome, don't say it softly [screaming face] Don't say it tooty fruity tooty fruity Hey welcome, don't say it softly [screaming face] Don't say it tooty fruity tooty fruity one two three hey one two three hey one two three hey Gaius, Gaius, what is my life in what is my life in what is my life in this video? Can I say my life confirmed like that? No, don't say it one two three hey this video? Can I say my life confirmed like that? No, don't say it one two three hey Gaius, welcome back to our house, no, we Gaius, welcome back to our house, no, we Gaius, welcome back to our house, no, we both say it together, three hey Gaius, welcome, don't both say it together, three hey Gaius, welcome, don't both say it together, three hey Gaius, welcome, don't say it softly, my good excitement is like that, say it softly, my good excitement is like that, say it softly, my good excitement is like that, hey Gaius, hey Gaius, hey Gaius, because you are also writing my script. That's why we started it. Hey Gaius, because you are also writing my script. That's why we started it. Hey Gaius, welcome back to our YouTube channel after six months. We posted the welcome back to our YouTube channel after six months. We posted the video yesterday. Our action is done yesterday. video yesterday. Our action is done yesterday. video yesterday. Our action is done yesterday. Today is the second Today is the second Today is the second of February of February of February 2026. Check when this video will come out and when it will be 2026. Check when this video will come out and when it will be 2026. Check when this video will come out and when it will be released. released. Put it in the comments. Put it in the comments. Put it in the comments. So guys, today's video [praise] is So guys, today's video [praise] is So guys, today's video [praise] is a little different, as I said, a little different, as I said, a little different, as I said, today's video is a little different, I think today's video is a little different, I think today's video is a little different, I think some of you who live in other countries some of you who live in other countries some of you who live in other countries know that this bean know that this bean know that this bean boozeld has different boozeld has different boozeld has different kinds of flavors.  This kinds of flavors.  This kinds of flavors.  This [snorts] is very difficult to explain. [snorts] is very difficult to explain. [snorts] is very difficult to explain. Basically, it's like a challenge. There are Basically, it's like a challenge. There are Basically, it's like a challenge. There are two flavors of chocolates in this one, two flavors of chocolates in this one, two flavors of chocolates in this one, one is a good flavor, one is a gooey one is a good flavor, one is a gooey one is a good flavor, one is a gooey flavor. flavor. flavor. Good, I'll eat it, gooey, you'll eat it. There Good, I'll eat it, gooey, you'll eat it. There Good, I'll eat it, gooey, you'll eat it. There are two same colors. We don't know which flavor it is. are two same colors. We don't know which flavor it is. are two same colors. We don't know which flavor it is. Good flavor. Crazy flavor. We have Good flavor. Crazy flavor. We have Good flavor. Crazy flavor. We have all the flavors here. Look, all the flavors here. Look, all the flavors here. Look, you gave a small example, banana flavor or you gave a small example, banana flavor or you gave a small example, banana flavor or wet dog, wet dog, wet dog, which is literally a wet dog. Whatever which is literally a wet dog. Whatever which is literally a wet dog. Whatever taste you get, that taste is what someone else gave taste you get, that taste is what someone else gave taste you get, that taste is what someone else gave me. me. me. So another thing is that peach and barf are So another thing is that peach and barf are So another thing is that peach and barf are two similar chocolates, but I don't know which one is two similar chocolates, but I don't know which one is two similar chocolates, but I don't know which one is peach flavor and which one is barf flavor peach flavor and which one is barf flavor peach flavor and which one is barf flavor .  People like this don't .  People like this don't .  People like this don't know what barf means, so I'll tell you that know what barf means, so I'll tell you that know what barf means, so I'll tell you that barf means vomiting literally, but this is really really famous, it's called a literally, but this is really really famous, it's called a literally, but this is really really famous, it's called a boozy challenge, boozy challenge, boozy challenge, many people play it like a challenge in different countries, many people play it like a challenge in different countries, I don't know if it's still available in India, but this is called the I don't know if it's still available in India, but this is called the I don't know if it's still available in India, but this is called the boozy challenge, both are similar to look at, boozy challenge, both are similar to look at, boozy challenge, both are similar to look at, but one has a good flavor, the other but one has a good flavor, the other but one has a good flavor, the other [clears throat] has a dirty flavor, today [clears throat] has a dirty flavor, today [clears throat] has a dirty flavor, today we both have a small booger and a juicy pair of boogers, a burger is not a burger, a we both have a small booger and a juicy pair of boogers, a burger is not a burger, a booger means something in the nose, who booger means something in the nose, who booger means something in the nose, who made it, who made it after seeing the made it, who made it after seeing the made it, who made it after seeing the taste, they are making it, they don't know all this, but the joke is, taste, they are making it, they don't know all this, but the joke is, taste, they are making it, they don't know all this, but the joke is, you can you can you can read this on Google, how it tastes, read this on Google, how it tastes, read this on Google, how it tastes, how they put it in, what chemicals how they put it in, what chemicals how they put it in, what chemicals they put in, we don't know. they put in, we don't know. they put in, we don't know. Very famous Very famous Very famous disgusting Aunty disgusting Aunty disgusting Aunty and and and normal, we have jellies, right? normal, we have jellies, right? normal, we have jellies, right? Chocolate jellies are like that, but don't worry, Chocolate jellies are like that, but don't worry, Chocolate jellies are like that, but don't worry, what do you what do you what do you mean, I'll put all the good ones next to each other? mean, I'll put all the good ones next to each other? mean, I'll put all the good ones next to each other? You don't know where you'll find out. You have You don't know where you'll find out. You have You don't know where you'll find out. You have two of the same ones, even if you two of the same ones, even if you two of the same ones, even if you smell them, you shouldn't eat them after smelling them. smell them, you shouldn't eat them after smelling them. I don't even know that smell.  That's it, I don't even know that smell.  That's it, I don't even know that smell.  That's it, so both are the same, so both are the same, so both are the same, one might have a good flavor, the other might one might have a good flavor, the other might one might have a good flavor, the other might have a ghastly flavor, but I don't know, so I'll have a ghastly flavor, but I don't know, so I'll have a ghastly flavor, but I don't know, so I'll put it in a small bowl because it's very put it in a small bowl because it's very put it in a small bowl because it's very confusing. Okay Gaius, correctly, two, two, correctly, Okay Gaius, correctly, two, two, correctly, Okay Gaius, correctly, two, two, correctly, three, three, sorry Gaius, some, three, three, sorry Gaius, some, three, three, sorry Gaius, some, some, there are only two, some, there some, there are only two, some, there some, there are only two, some, there are four, four.  So are four, four.  So are four, four.  So I never know what flavor I'll get.  But this is I never know what flavor I'll get.  But this is me eating light blue. There are very few light blues me eating light blue. There are very few light blues me eating light blue. There are very few light blues . . . Life Oh no no no no paika Oh no no no no paika Oh no no no no paika paika What does that mean? Can What does that mean? Can What does that mean? Can anyone explain what anyone explain what paikana is? Anna paikana is? Anna paikana is? Anna paikana means paikana means paikana means I also found out the other day, but it's all bad. I'm saying, "Droo, draw, draw." Sorry, sister, I also found out the other day, but it's all bad. I'm saying, "Droo, draw, draw." Sorry, sister, sister, step aside. sister, step aside. sister, step aside. You've made me feel too much. You've made me feel too much. You've made me feel too much. Control yourself for a moment. Control yourself for a moment. Control yourself for a moment. How long will you talk? I'll put it How long will you talk? I'll put it How long will you talk? I'll put it in a book. I'll put it in a book. Guys, this is the in a book. I'll put it in a book. Guys, this is the in a book. I'll put it in a book. Guys, this is the fast spray we used the other day. It smells the same fast spray we used the other day. It smells the same fast spray we used the other day. It smells the same . . . Oh, Oh, Oh, I'm just wondering, I'm just wondering, I'm just wondering, guys, I'll post a picture here so you can guys, I'll post a picture here so you can guys, I'll post a picture here so you can understand.  First, close your eyes and enjoy that understand.  First, close your eyes and enjoy that understand.  First, close your eyes and enjoy that flavor.  I flavor.  I flavor.  I once bought a yellow color yellow flavor for that flavor, but it didn't make much of a scene. once bought a yellow color yellow flavor for that flavor, but it didn't make much of a scene. once bought a yellow color yellow flavor for that flavor, but it didn't make much of a scene. Dad, I'll Dad, I'll Dad, I'll select it, it's select it, it's select it, it's not like that. Both of us should eat the same flavor. not like that. Both of us should eat the same flavor. not like that. Both of us should eat the same flavor. One person might get a good set, One person might get a good set, One person might get a good set, but I don't know if it's good for both of us. but I don't know if it's good for both of us. but I don't know if it's good for both of us. I like this idea. I like this idea. I like this idea. First flavor is wet dog or banana. So First flavor is wet dog or banana. So First flavor is wet dog or banana. So my God, banana, banana, banana, banana, banana, banana my God, banana, banana, banana, banana, banana, banana my God, banana, banana, banana, banana, banana, banana So I picked these two. So I picked these two. So I picked these two. One of them could be banana. One of them could be banana. One of them could be banana. Otherwise, it could be two bananas. Otherwise, it could be wet Otherwise, it could be two bananas. Otherwise, it could be wet Otherwise, it could be two bananas. Otherwise, it could be wet dog flavor. Wet dog basically means dog flavor. Wet dog basically means wet dog. Can you wet dog. Can you wet dog. Can you explain that too? I don't explain that too? I don't explain that too? I don't know. Who would like a know. Who would like a know. Who would like a wet dog like that? Who would like it? wet dog like that? Who would like it? [laughter] It's [laughter] It's [laughter] It's not a work song. not a work song. not a work song. Okay, take this. There's not much Okay, take this. There's not much Okay, take this. There's not much scene. That's what I want.  [Laughter] scene. That's what I want.  [Laughter] scene. That's what I want.  [Laughter] I want this, your right hand is not that much, I want this, your right hand is not that much, I want this, your right hand is not that much, take this, take this, I know, take this, Chintu said, so I did this I know, take this, Chintu said, so I did this I know, take this, Chintu said, so I did this Smell a smell, Smell a smell, you crazy one, here I take what I you crazy one, here I take what I you crazy one, here I take what I want and want and want and mix the two, here is the mix the two, here is the mix the two, here is the word, oh my, word, oh my, word, oh my, those two are the same, I don't want this, I don't want this, those two are the same, I don't want this, I don't want this, those two are the same, I don't want this, I don't want this, this is messy to this is messy to this is messy to look at, guys, look at, guys, look at, guys, you see, two are the same, you see, two are the same, you see, two are the same, here are two like this Give it to me, once you smell it, tell me, once you see it, Give it to me, once you smell it, tell me, once you see it, this is not a challenge, once you see it, smell it, once you smell it, what happens, smell overaction, this is not a challenge, once you see it, smell it, once you smell it, what happens, smell overaction, give it to me [Laughter] Give it to me, give it to me [Laughter] Give it to me, give it to me [Laughter] Give it to me, once this is Chintu, once this is Chintu, once this is Chintu, overaction, do you understand, I'm overaction, do you understand, I'm overaction, do you understand, I'm mixing the two, guys, take it, mixing the two, guys, take it, mixing the two, guys, take it, mix it, mix it, mix it, and that's it, it's the same again, that's it, and that's it, it's the same again, that's it, God puts it like that, one two, if you God puts it like that, one two, if you God puts it like that, one two, if you scare me, one two two, three will be made scare me, one two two, three will be made scare me, one two two, three will be made Hey, I Hey, I Hey, I Dad, Dad, Dad, what a smell it is, what a what a smell it is, what a mess that eats, this is it, this is a mess that eats, this is it, this is a banana or wet dog, banana or wet dog, banana or wet dog, I'll go, I'll go, the I'll go, I'll go, the I'll go, I'll go, the dog, the dog, I'll ask, I bought it, the dog, the dog, I'll ask, I bought it, the dog, the dog, I'll ask, I bought it, the dog, the toy dogs, dog, the toy dogs, dog, the toy dogs, the word smells, mommy, the word smells, mommy, daddy, banana, banana, banana, this is what it smells like, the whole box [Laughter] Did you get the same? Did you get the same? It's like this [Laughter] Did you get the same? Mom, go [Laughter] Dad, this is a challenge, so eat it, dad, we have to eat, guys, come here, you're a waste, you have to eat, have to eat, vomiting, daddy, banana, banana, banana, this is what it smells like, the whole box [Laughter] Did you get the same? Did you get the same? It's like this [Laughter] Did you get the same? Mom, go [Laughter] Dad, this is a challenge, so eat it, dad, we have to eat, guys, come here, you're a waste, you have to eat, have to eat, vomiting, and who asked you to buy it, you and who asked you to buy it, you and who asked you to buy it, you promise, vomiting, oh, I ate a banana, promise, vomiting, oh, I ate a banana, promise, vomiting, oh, I ate a banana, I also ate a wet I also ate a wet I also ate a wet dog, I da da da da, oh, dog, I da da da da, oh, dog, I da da da da, oh, this, oh, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, this, oh, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, this, oh, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, At the end At the end At the end of the day, we have to eat, of the day, we have to eat, of the day, we have to eat, please  Talk to me, even your mouth please  Talk to me, even your mouth please  Talk to me, even your mouth smells. smells. smells. Oh, does your mouth smell like skunk Oh, does your mouth smell like skunk Oh, does your mouth smell like skunk ?  [Laughter] ?  [Laughter] ?  [Laughter] Paikana [Snores] Paikana [Snores] Paikana [Snores] How did you do it How did you do it How did you do it Paikana? All these Paikana ideas Paikana? All these Paikana ideas Paikana? All these Paikana ideas come to me.   I'm getting come to me.   I'm getting come to me.   I'm getting feverish, I'm going crazy, I need feverish, I'm going crazy, I need feverish, I'm going crazy, I need to take you to the hospital to take you to the hospital to take you to the hospital now.  That's what it was like, what's now.  That's what it was like, what's now.  That's what it was like, what's wrong with you? I'll take you home to the hospital. He turned on the wrong with you? I'll take you home to the hospital. He turned on the wrong with you? I'll take you home to the hospital. He turned on the video and played it. Guys, I wish you could taste this. video and played it. Guys, I wish you could taste this. video and played it. Guys, I wish you could taste this. How How How bad it is. bad it is. bad it is. I don't know how wet dog tastes. But it's not really happening. It's okay in I don't know how wet dog tastes. But it's not really happening. It's okay in I don't know how wet dog tastes. But it's not really happening. It's okay in my stomach. Guy's next. I'll close my my stomach. Guy's next. I'll close my my stomach. Guy's next. I'll close my eyes. So Guy's next. This is this. This is also So Guy's next. This is this. This is also So Guy's next. This is this. This is also coming this month. Tell me clearly. coming this month. Tell me clearly. coming this month. Tell me clearly. Liver and onions or cappuccino. I want cappuccino. Please. Liver and onions or cappuccino. I want cappuccino. Please. One flavor. Or One flavor. Or One flavor. Or liver and onions. It means liver with onions flavor. I don't know what kind of liver liver and onions. It means liver with onions flavor. I don't know what kind of liver liver and onions. It means liver with onions flavor. I don't know what kind of liver it is. it is. it is. I don't have any butts. Close your I don't have any butts. Close your I don't have any butts. Close your eyes. Oh my eyes. Oh my eyes. Oh my God. Let's be God. Let's be God. Let's be together for a minute. Sir. together for a minute. Sir. together for a minute. Sir. You eat without making any dramas. First, you You eat without making any dramas. First, you You eat without making any dramas. First, you eat after you want. I'll eat. I want it. eat after you want. I'll eat. I want it. eat after you want. I'll eat. I want it. [Laughter] Bit it and serve it. Swallow the [Laughter] Bit it and serve it. Swallow the [Laughter] Bit it and serve it. Swallow the juice and swallow it. Don't make any juice and swallow it. Don't make any juice and swallow it. Don't make any dramas. dramas. dramas. I got a good one, I got a good one, I got a good one, what's wrong? [Laughter] I can smell the coffee bite from the cappuccino.  Yes, he got the exact coffee bite from the cappuccino.  Yes, he got the exact coffee bite from the cappuccino.  Yes, he got the exact flavor of Coffee Bite Coffee Bite flavor of Coffee Bite Coffee Bite flavor of Coffee Bite Coffee Bite . . . Oh, oh, smell it Oh, oh, smell it Oh, oh, smell it once and once and once and taste it once. I won't taste it once. I won't taste it once. I won't taste it. Why should I taste it? You smell good, okay guys, just don't be in You smell good, okay guys, just don't be in control, control, control, put on a list and wash it [sighs] If put on a list and wash it [sighs] If put on a list and wash it [sighs] If you really love me, kiss me, you really love me, kiss me, you really love me, kiss me, dad, I love you, dad, I love you, dad, I love you, I love you. If you I love you. If you I love you. If you want someone, I'll send them. No want someone, I'll send them. No want someone, I'll send them. No one wants to say that. After watching the video, one wants to say that. After watching the video, one wants to say that. After watching the video, maybe I'll put some pills in your mouth, maybe I'll put some pills in your mouth, maybe I'll put some pills in your mouth, promise me to please wash your mouth with some mouthwash at least. I won't do it, I won't do it promise me to please wash your mouth with some mouthwash at least. I won't do it, I won't do it because the next one will be the same because the next one will be the same because the next one will be the same .  [Laughter] .  [Laughter] .  [Laughter] Hey, the tree's mouth is coming out of the mouth like a cup, it's Hey, the tree's mouth is coming out of the mouth like a cup, it's Hey, the tree's mouth is coming out of the mouth like a cup, it's not like that, it's like my not like that, it's like my not like that, it's like my father said, I like the way you breathe, why is it father said, I like the way you breathe, why is it pink? [Screaming face] pink? [Screaming face] pink? [Screaming face] These These These stinky socks are disgusting, stinky socks are disgusting, stinky socks are disgusting, disgusting, I just gave them to you. I'm tootty fruity. I want tootty disgusting, I just gave them to you. I'm tootty fruity. I want tootty fruity. Please, I have tootty fruity. I can't fruity. Please, I have tootty fruity. I can't fruity. Please, I have tootty fruity. I can't eat them. eat them. eat them. All are good for you. My socks smell bad every All are good for you. My socks smell bad every All are good for you. My socks smell bad every day. I can't eat them now. Are day. I can't eat them now. Are you serious? I use fresh socks. I don't feel like smelling them. Oh, what are you doing? you serious? I use fresh socks. I don't feel like smelling them. Oh, what are you doing? you serious? I use fresh socks. I don't feel like smelling them. Oh, what are you doing? Look now. [Laughter] Look now. [Laughter] Look now. [Laughter] Look, Look, Look, God, please, tootty fruity. Tootty fruity. Tootty fruity. God, please, tootty fruity. Tootty fruity. Tootty fruity. God, please, tootty fruity. Tootty fruity. Tootty fruity. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. You're scared. I'm scared. You're scared. I'm scared. I'm scared too I'm scared too I'm sorry, Rubber is not for me. Rubber is like the rubber Rubber is not for me. Rubber is like the rubber Rubber is not for me. Rubber is like the rubber used in tires. It used in tires. It used in tires. It smells like playing rubber. Don't do smells like playing rubber. Don't do smells like playing rubber. Don't do that. It makes me vomit. Licorice is that. It makes me vomit. Licorice is that. It makes me vomit. Licorice is basically a little bit like a berry flavor. basically a little bit like a berry flavor. basically a little bit like a berry flavor. That's all I That's all I That's all I know. I don't get it. know. I don't get it. know. I don't get it. Okay, one, two, three. Rubber, Rubber, Rubber, bum, rubber. Let's smell it. smell it. smell it. [Laughter] I don't believe it. It believe it. It believe it. It smells like rubber mixed with cadara. It's not really smells like rubber mixed with cadara. It's not really smells like rubber mixed with cadara. It's not really that bad. It's like a butt tire. It that bad. It's like a butt tire. It smells like a burnt tire. At first glance, it's smells like a burnt tire. At first glance, it's smells like a burnt tire. At first glance, it's good, but this one is a little better. If I compare it to everything else, good, but this one is a little better. If I compare it to everything else, I'll put it back and take it. I'll I'll put it back and take it. I'll go and tell you how I should be. How should I go and tell you how I should be. How should I go and tell you how I should be. How should I kiss you? Night and day, day, day, compared to the rest, burnt rubber is compared to the rest, burnt rubber is compared to the rest, burnt rubber is a little better because it's a little a little better because it's a little a little better because it's a little burnt. It feels like a burnt tire burnt. It feels like a burnt tire burnt. It feels like a burnt tire . . . Close your eyes, close your eyes, Close your eyes, close your eyes, Close your eyes, close your eyes, blue is that toothpaste, it's okay, whatever blue is that toothpaste, it's okay, whatever blue is that toothpaste, it's okay, whatever comes to me, it doesn't matter.   What else comes to me, it doesn't matter.   What else comes to me, it doesn't matter.   What else ? ? ? Toothpaste or Berry Blue, Toothpaste or Berry Blue, Toothpaste or Berry Blue, whatever I get, Pearl, at least it's a little more whatever I get, Pearl, at least it's a little more whatever I get, Pearl, at least it's a little more mouth-cleaning.  One, two, three, mouth-cleaning.  One, two, three, mouth-cleaning.  One, two, three, that's toothpaste for life. Berry Blue Berry Blue Berry Blue Berry Blue, Berry Blue, Berry Blue, come on, have you come up? Next Next Next white color white color white color that color is very beautiful to see Lychee that color is very beautiful to see Lychee that color is very beautiful to see Lychee This is a stink bug, hey stink bug, it means a stink bug that smells when we were kids, when we were kids stink bug, it means a stink bug that smells when we were kids, when we were kids we got little green colors like this, if we squeeze it like this, it might smell, I don't know [Laughter] I did it until I killed the bug, I didn't smell it, when no no no Gaius, when we were kids we had little we got little green colors like this, if we squeeze it like this, it might smell, I don't know [Laughter] I did it until I killed the bug, I didn't smell it, when no no no Gaius, when we were kids we had little we got little green colors like this, if we squeeze it like this, it might smell, I don't know [Laughter] I did it until I killed the bug, I didn't smell it, when no no no Gaius, when we were kids we had little something green color, no matter what we did, it smelled, it smelled, it smelled, something green color, no matter what we did, it smelled, it smelled, it smelled, stink bug or toasted stink bug or toasted stink bug or toasted marshmallow, it could be either of these two, one two marshmallow, it could be either of these two, one two marshmallow, it could be either of these two, one two three, three, three, my son, you're son, you're son, you're scared, don't scared, don't scared, don't bite [Laughter] bite [Laughter] bite [Laughter] Son, Son, Son, that that that marshmallow marshmallow marshmallow, do marshmallow marshmallow marshmallow, do marshmallow marshmallow marshmallow, do n't you know the difference between a bug and a marshmallow? You've n't you know the difference between a bug and a marshmallow? You've n't you know the difference between a bug and a marshmallow? You've been chewing it for so long [Laughter] been chewing it for so long [Laughter] been chewing it for so long [Laughter] In marshmallow, that's what you have to eat, then In marshmallow, that's what you have to eat, then In marshmallow, that's what you have to eat, then I ate it, then I hope this is marshmallow I ate it, then I hope this is marshmallow marshmallow marshmallow marshmallow me me I smell something that I've eaten. I have to eat it. Please. Please. I have to eat it. That's why [laughter] That's why that bite is my March smell. I smell something that I've eaten. I have to eat it. Please. Please. I have to eat it. That's why [laughter] That's why that bite is my March smell. I smell something that I've eaten. I have to eat it. Please. Please. I have to eat it. That's why [laughter] That's why that bite is my March smell. [laughter] Bite bite bite bite [laughter] Bite bite bite bite [laughter] Bite bite bite bite [laughter] Guys, I ate the protein in it. Please, just move it aside. Guys, I've already said that it smells like a dead insect. Put it aside. First, why are you walking around holding a stick? It's it [laughter] Guys, I ate the protein in it. Please, just move it aside. Guys, I've already said that it smells like a dead insect. Put it aside. First, why are you walking around holding a stick? It's it Two three I want to vomit, it's scary, vomiting, chi chi chi chi scary, vomiting, chi chi chi chi chi, what's this, my dear, chi, what's this, my dear, chi, what's this, my dear, that's what's this, vomiting, daddy, one of the worst, daddy, daddy, one of the worst, daddy, daddy, one of the worst, daddy, daddy, just imagine, someone ate food, daddy, just imagine, someone ate food, daddy, just imagine, someone ate food, it went into the stomach, it it went into the stomach, it didn't get digested, it came out didn't get digested, it came out again, they took the flavor out of it and made chocolate, eat it, please, I have to eat it, eat it, eat it, eat it, eat it, eat it, eat it, bite again, they took the flavor out of it and made chocolate, eat it, please, I have to eat it, eat it, eat it, eat it, eat it, eat it, eat it, bite Bugger is what's in your nose Bugger is what's in your nose Bugger is what's in your nose [snorts] It's [snorts] It's [snorts] It's dripping and cheating. This is two and three. I saw it. [coughs] I was I saw it. [coughs] I was I saw it. [coughs] I was scared. [laughs] Can it be this [laughs] Can it be this [laughs] Can it be this messy? messy? messy? Even if I ate it without shame as a child, I've got it all Even if I ate it without shame as a child, I've got it all Even if I ate it without shame as a child, I've got it all coming out of my nose. [laughs] Can it be coming out of my nose. [laughs] Can it be coming out of my nose. [laughs] Can it be this messy? I'm craving it right now. I'm craving it right now. this messy? I'm craving it right now. I'm craving it right now. Why did I bring you all this to eat? That's why Why did I bring you all this to eat? That's why Why did I bring you all this to eat? That's why I'm biting on the last job. Even if you're I'm biting on the last job. Even if you're more intelligent with the front job, you're on. Yes, bite, bite. more intelligent with the front job, you're on. Yes, bite, bite. more intelligent with the front job, you're on. Yes, bite, bite. [laughs] That's how it is in your nose. Chee, nose. Chee, nose. Chee, Chee. Those who finish Chee. Those who finish Chee. Those who finish here and spend money and here and spend money and here and spend money and send you to school. send you to school. send you to school. Why do Why do Why do you have to wipe it off like an ant? you have to wipe it off like an ant? you have to wipe it off like an ant? Dead fish or strawberry banana smoothie? Dead fish or strawberry banana smoothie? Dead fish or strawberry banana smoothie? Oh, the old smell comes. Oh, the old smell comes. Oh, the old smell comes. Which Which Which two are the same? [Screaming face] What is the same situation? two are the same? [Screaming face] What is the same situation? What is the situation? What is this? I don't want it anymore. What is the situation? What is this? I don't want it anymore. What is the situation? What is this? I don't want it anymore. Stop it. [Laughs] I don't know until I eat it all. My senses are gone. Guys, if you mix all this together and add it to water, it will stop. [Laughs] [Laughs] I don't know until I eat it all. My senses are gone. Guys, if you mix all this together and add it to water, it will stop. [Laughs] [Laughs] I don't know until I eat it all. My senses are gone. Guys, if you mix all this together and add it to water, it will stop. [Laughs] Guys, [Sighs] Guys, [Sighs] Guys, [Sighs] This is the hardest challenge for me This is the hardest challenge for me This is the hardest challenge for me because I don't know what it is. I don't know what I'm eating because I don't know what it is. I don't know what I'm eating because I don't know what it is. I don't know what I'm eating .  Amma Babu, .  Amma Babu, .  Amma Babu, how did you do this? Now, how did you do this? Now, did you remove the bugger flavor from their nose? I don't understand. did you remove the bugger flavor from their nose? I don't understand. did you remove the bugger flavor from their nose? I don't understand. Why do you remove anything else from their nose? You idiot, do you Why do you remove anything else from their nose? You idiot, do you Why do you remove anything else from their nose? You idiot, do you remove it from your nose? The challenge is remove it from your nose? The challenge is remove it from your nose? The challenge is over. Gaius, that's enough. If over. Gaius, that's enough. If over. Gaius, that's enough. If you like this video, please subscribe. you like this video, please subscribe. you like this video, please subscribe. Gaius, I have Gaius, I have Gaius, I have n't subscribed yet. Slow motion won't start. n't subscribed yet. Slow motion won't start. n't subscribed yet. Slow motion won't start. That's it. Lalalala