Mukti used to have a shirt in her childhood on Mukti used to have a shirt in her childhood on Mukti used to have a shirt in her childhood on which was written 'One Two Ka Four Four Two which was written 'One Two Ka Four Four Two which was written 'One Two Ka Four Four Two Ka One'.  He is a fan of Anil Sir since childhood.   Did you Ka One'.  He is a fan of Anil Sir since childhood.   Did you Ka One'.  He is a fan of Anil Sir since childhood.   Did you ever think that you would come together, that is, with Anil Sir, ever think that you would come together, that is, with Anil Sir, ever think that you would come together, that is, with Anil Sir, on our show?   not at all. on our show?   not at all. on our show?   not at all. And I And I And I will do my first movie with him.  This is my debut film. will do my first movie with him.  This is my debut film. will do my first movie with him.  This is my debut film. And I mean, the audience has only seen me dance so far.  I have And I mean, the audience has only seen me dance so far.  I have And I mean, the audience has only seen me dance so far.  I have seen him doing comedy.   For the seen him doing comedy.   For the seen him doing comedy.   For the first time I got to play a character which first time I got to play a character which first time I got to play a character which I had never even thought of.  This I had never even thought of.  This I had never even thought of.  This was actually Raj Sir's vision and he said that was actually Raj Sir's vision and he said that was actually Raj Sir's vision and he said that you will do this liberation.  And I mean, you will do this liberation.  And I mean, you will do this liberation.  And I mean, my parents might not have trusted me so much.  [laughs] my parents might not have trusted me so much.  [laughs] my parents might not have trusted me so much.  [laughs] And to be able to stand with legendary artists like Satish Sir, Anil And to be able to stand with legendary artists like Satish Sir, Anil And to be able to stand with legendary artists like Satish Sir, Anil Sir, Sir, Sir, is a huge thing for us. is a huge thing for us. is a huge thing for us. Seriously, Seriously, Seriously, come let us sit with you today.  Come on, come let us sit with you today.  Come on, come let us sit with you today.  Come on, what an honor what an honor what an honor I am today, all the viewers know that this is I am today, all the viewers know that this is I am today, all the viewers know that this is such a family.  All four sisters are such a family.  All four sisters are such a family.  All four sisters are so talented.  [laughter] so talented.  [laughter] so talented.  [laughter] Policy, power, liberation and creation. Policy, power, liberation and creation. Policy, power, liberation and creation. Yes.  After that father's rhyming ended and Yes.  After that father's rhyming ended and Yes.  After that father's rhyming ended and [laughs] the timing is over, oh ok, speak loudly, Mukti has also become an aunt, oh ok, speak loudly, Mukti has also become an aunt, oh ok, speak loudly, Mukti has also become an aunt, many many congratulations, many many congratulations, many many congratulations, oh oh congratulations, a oh oh congratulations, a oh oh congratulations, a little baby is born to Neeti, he is very cute, little baby is born to Neeti, he is very cute, little baby is born to Neeti, he is very cute, Golu Molu ji.