What will you do when you have brought so many laddus on every branch?   I will What will you do when you have brought so many laddus on every branch?   I will What will you do when you have brought so many laddus on every branch?   I will distribute one laddu each, I will not feed you to your fill. distribute one laddu each, I will not feed you to your fill. distribute one laddu each, I will not feed you to your fill. Shivam come here. Shivam come here. Shivam come here. Yes ma'am.   Have you Yes ma'am.   Have you Yes ma'am.   Have you brought the bike?   I have brought the bike?   I have brought the bike?   I have brought a scooter, not a bike. brought a scooter, not a bike. brought a scooter, not a bike. Is there a diggi in it? Is there a diggi in it? Is there a diggi in it? Yes, there is a diggi. Yes, there is a diggi. Yes, there is a diggi. Take this and put it in that.  I will take it from you on the way. Take this and put it in that.  I will take it from you on the way. Okay ma'am.   Do Okay ma'am.   Do Okay ma'am.   Do n't tell anyone otherwise I will beat you badly. n't tell anyone otherwise I will beat you badly. n't tell anyone otherwise I will beat you badly. Okay ma'am, don't tell me. Okay ma'am, don't tell me. Okay ma'am, don't tell me. Yes, go. Ma'am is making him laugh, look, shut up, the land of my country spews gold, diamonds and land of my country spews gold, diamonds and land of my country spews gold, diamonds and pearls, the land of my country [laughter] pearls, the land of my country [laughter] pearls, the land of my country [laughter] look how much I am telling you, look, I will look how much I am telling you, look, I will look how much I am telling you, look, I will slap you on your face, the slap you on your face, the slap you on your face, the land of my country spews gold, diamonds and pearls, the land of my country spews gold, diamonds and pearls, the land of my country spews gold, diamonds and pearls, the land of my country, land of my country, land of my country, Jai Hind, Jai Bharat.  [Applause] [Cheering] The [Cheering] The [Cheering] The next contestant is Shivam, who will give a speech in English. next contestant is Shivam, who will give a speech in English. Good morning all of you.  My name is Shivam Good morning all of you.  My name is Shivam Good morning all of you.  My name is Shivam Mishra. Mishra. Mishra. Good. Good. Good. Today India is our country. Today India is our country. Today India is our country. Our Country. Our Country. Our Country. [laughter] He has [laughter] He has [laughter] He has come out, that's why don't you remember, go and sit come out, that's why don't you remember, go and sit come out, that's why don't you remember, go and sit Next contestant, why should the kick fall, the Next contestant, why should the kick fall, the Next contestant, why should the kick fall, the leaf does not move, the wind moves it, the leaf does leaf does not move, the wind moves it, the leaf does leaf does not move, the wind moves it, the leaf does not move, the wind moves it, Hindustan does not move, the wind moves it, Hindustan does not move, the wind moves it, Hindustan does not bring Pakistan to war [laughter] The next contestants are Pinky Priya Komal who will next contestants are Pinky Priya Komal who will next contestants are Pinky Priya Komal who will perform their dance on the patriotic song Yahan perform their dance on the patriotic song Yahan perform their dance on the patriotic song Yahan Hai Dharti Hai Dharti Hai Dharti [music] of [music] of [music] of this place, so today's program ends here. today's program ends here. today's program ends here. All the children will come to school from tomorrow. Sir, are there not enough laddus?   Did you Sir, are there not enough laddus?   Did you Sir, are there not enough laddus?   Did you fall short?  How did it fall short?  I went and asked the children to bring fall short?  How did it fall short?  I went and asked the children to bring fall short?  How did it fall short?  I went and asked the children to bring laddus.   Don't know.   No laddus.   Don't know.   No problem, order more.  OK sir. problem, order more.  OK sir. problem, order more.  OK sir. What happened madam, why are you staying here?   Oh, What happened madam, why are you staying here?   Oh, What happened madam, why are you staying here?   Oh, nothing happened.  I am waiting for Shivam. nothing happened.  I am waiting for Shivam. nothing happened.  I am waiting for Shivam. You guys come, I am coming with him. You guys come, I am coming with him. You guys come, I am coming with him. Okay, I'll leave. Okay, I'll leave. Okay, I'll leave. Yes, let's go. Yes, let's go. Yes, let's go. All the children left.  Not yet arrived. All the children left.  Not yet arrived. All the children left.  Not yet arrived. Oh Oh Oh