The gun we're going to talk about in today's video is The gun we're going to talk about in today's video is The gun we're going to talk about in today's video is this cool M45 CQVB this cool M45 CQVB this cool M45 CQVB Hey guys, welcome to the new video of AS Hey guys, welcome to the new video of AS Hey guys, welcome to the new video of AS India.  So this is a pretty amazing gun.  Again this India.  So this is a pretty amazing gun.  Again this India.  So this is a pretty amazing gun.  Again this is made by Omex CO2 12 gram is made by Omex CO2 12 gram is made by Omex CO2 12 gram steel BB 4.5 mm. Its water level is steel BB 4.5 mm. Its water level is steel BB 4.5 mm. Its water level is less than three times that of the previous model.  It is a metal gun.  The magazine less than three times that of the previous model.  It is a metal gun.  The magazine less than three times that of the previous model.  It is a metal gun.  The magazine holds 17 rounds.  This is a blowback gun.  It holds 17 rounds.  This is a blowback gun.  It holds 17 rounds.  This is a blowback gun.  It is quite amazing.  Cold brand is the one that owns this gun. is quite amazing.  Cold brand is the one that owns this gun. is quite amazing.  Cold brand is the one that owns this gun. This is the gun.  Let me show you This is the gun.  Let me show you This is the gun.  Let me show you how amazing its finish is.  This is All how amazing its finish is.  This is All how amazing its finish is.  This is All Black.  It is very amazing. Black.  It is very amazing. Black.  It is very amazing. Automatic caliber 45.  People who are from Punjab etc., Automatic caliber 45.  People who are from Punjab etc., Automatic caliber 45.  People who are from Punjab etc., nowadays they have Mussoorie 45 gun. nowadays they have Mussoorie 45 gun. nowadays they have Mussoorie 45 gun. People just love this.  So this 45 is People just love this.  So this 45 is People just love this.  So this 45 is made on design.  It is made on the lines. made on design.  It is made on the lines. made on design.  It is made on the lines. Twenty-two of the 1777s are burnt in it.  It's a Twenty-two of the 1777s are burnt in it.  It's a Twenty-two of the 1777s are burnt in it.  It's a full blob.  Available in tactical version. full blob.  Available in tactical version. full blob.  Available in tactical version. So you can put a laser on it.  And this is So you can put a laser on it.  And this is So you can put a laser on it.  And this is amazing.  Its slides are quite amazing.  Its slides are quite amazing.  Its slides are quite amazing.  The driving is very smooth.  It has the amazing.  The driving is very smooth.  It has the amazing.  The driving is very smooth.  It has the famous Cold Horse design on it. famous Cold Horse design on it. famous Cold Horse design on it. And look at the design, textures everything.   No matter And look at the design, textures everything.   No matter And look at the design, textures everything.   No matter how much we talk about this gun, it is less. how much we talk about this gun, it is less. how much we talk about this gun, it is less. Its grip is a rubberized Its grip is a rubberized Its grip is a rubberized grip.  Generally it is a plastic grip. grip.  Generally it is a plastic grip. grip.  Generally it is a plastic grip. Butt It has a rubberized grip.  And feels Butt It has a rubberized grip.  And feels Butt It has a rubberized grip.  And feels very solid.  White dots have been made here.  What it comes down to is that very solid.  White dots have been made here.  What it comes down to is that very solid.  White dots have been made here.  What it comes down to is that aiming is pretty aiming is pretty aiming is pretty amazing.  The texture here is of cold amazing.  The texture here is of cold amazing.  The texture here is of cold or 91, the speciality of which is that they have a or 91, the speciality of which is that they have a or 91, the speciality of which is that they have a grip.  So there is a lot of smoothness in pulling it. grip.  So there is a lot of smoothness in pulling it. grip.  So there is a lot of smoothness in pulling it. And this is amazing.  I mean, I've And this is amazing.  I mean, I've And this is amazing.  I mean, I've even fired it on a Coke can. even fired it on a Coke can. even fired it on a Coke can. I've even tried firing it on cups. I've even tried firing it on cups. I've even tried firing it on cups. It performs really well.  It is very It performs really well.  It is very It performs really well.  It is very amazing.  We have many models of 901. amazing.  We have many models of 901. amazing.  We have many models of 901. We also have models from KWC. We also have models from KWC. We also have models from KWC. What we have are from different What we have are from different What we have are from different brands, from legends.   Belongs to brands, from legends.   Belongs to brands, from legends.   Belongs to Spring Fields.  So if you want to Spring Fields.  So if you want to Spring Fields.  So if you want to buy 91, you can also look at other models.  You buy 91, you can also look at other models.  You buy 91, you can also look at other models.  You can compare it as per your convenience.  Of can compare it as per your convenience.  Of can compare it as per your convenience.  Of course, Omex itself has made a course, Omex itself has made a course, Omex itself has made a name for itself in India in the last few years. name for itself in India in the last few years. name for itself in India in the last few years. So go ahead and order it.  If you want to So go ahead and order it.  If you want to So go ahead and order it.  If you want to order, we order, we order, we also have the option of paying by credit card.  You do also have the option of paying by credit card.  You do also have the option of paying by credit card.  You do not need a license for this.  But ID not need a license for this.  But ID not need a license for this.  But ID proof is compulsory.  And we proof is compulsory.  And we proof is compulsory.  And we also have guns of 14500.  There are four 5000 guns.  So talk to also have guns of 14500.  There are four 5000 guns.  So talk to also have guns of 14500.  There are four 5000 guns.  So talk to our team about the price range in which you want the gun. our team about the price range in which you want the gun. our team about the price range in which you want the gun. We will be more than happy to We will be more than happy to We will be more than happy to help you and deliver all over the country. help you and deliver all over the country. help you and deliver all over the country. Go and order.  The link is in the description. Go and order.  The link is in the description. Go and order.  The link is in the description.