The gun we're going to talk about in today's video is
this cool M45 CQVB
Hey guys, welcome to the new video of AS
India. So this is a pretty amazing gun. Again this
is made by Omex CO2 12 gram
steel BB 4.5 mm. Its water level is
less than three times that of the previous model. It is a metal gun. The magazine
holds 17 rounds. This is a blowback gun. It
is quite amazing. Cold brand is the one that owns this gun.
This is the gun. Let me show you
how amazing its finish is. This is All
Black. It is very amazing.
Automatic caliber 45. People who are from Punjab etc.,
nowadays they have Mussoorie 45 gun.
People just love this. So this 45 is
made on design. It is made on the lines.
Twenty-two of the 1777s are burnt in it. It's a
full blob. Available in tactical version.
So you can put a laser on it. And this is
amazing. Its slides are quite
amazing. The driving is very smooth. It has the
famous Cold Horse design on it.
And look at the design, textures everything. No matter
how much we talk about this gun, it is less.
Its grip is a rubberized
grip. Generally it is a plastic grip.
Butt It has a rubberized grip. And feels
very solid. White dots have been made here. What it comes down to is that
aiming is pretty
amazing. The texture here is of cold
or 91, the speciality of which is that they have a
grip. So there is a lot of smoothness in pulling it.
And this is amazing. I mean, I've
even fired it on a Coke can.
I've even tried firing it on cups.
It performs really well. It is very
amazing. We have many models of 901.
We also have models from KWC.
What we have are from different
brands, from legends. Belongs to
Spring Fields. So if you want to
buy 91, you can also look at other models. You
can compare it as per your convenience. Of
course, Omex itself has made a
name for itself in India in the last few years.
So go ahead and order it. If you want to
order, we
also have the option of paying by credit card. You do
not need a license for this. But ID
proof is compulsory. And we
also have guns of 14500. There are four 5000 guns. So talk to
our team about the price range in which you want the gun.
We will be more than happy to
help you and deliver all over the country.
Go and order. The link is in the description.
