Come on guys, meet brother-in-law here. Yes sir,
how are you?
Very nice, great.
Brother and brother-in-law gave a surprise.
Brother, there would have been a huge scam with us.
Meaning all my accounts would have been emptied. All the
money would be gone.
I said, Ma'am, these parents are saying
that first they told me to put ₹1.
I put in ₹1. Now he is telling me to
deposit ₹10,000 in his account.
Your ₹000 flew away from the bank.
Yes.
That's why I am telling you in this video
that you all should stay safe from now on. Look
how aunty also spent money. I have some three
different mango papads here. One is this,
one is this, one is this.
I like mango papad. But now he is
saying that Pinnu Bhabhi has sent it.
Yes.
That too with chillies. The
chilli one.
Shabbu, look at the chilli in it.
Aunty, look brother, aunty is drinking water. So there are
full chillies. Shabbu,
how did you like this?
Chillies are chilies. Papa is also saying
chillies.
So hi guys good morning. Welcome
all of you to another new vlog. So guys, we are just
starting the vlog in the evening and it is already
7:30 in the evening and now I am thinking
of heading straight for Hasi. It has been quite some
time since I came to Delhi and I have
one or two very important work to do urgently.
If that work had not been there, I would not have gone out at night.
I would go comfortably in the morning. So, some
very important work has come up and there is another surprise for all of you in three-four days. So
I am planning a trip. It will be possible
that we will leave in three-four days. The
rest is also a surprise. They will also see
where they will go and where they will not go. But yes, it is true
that 1101% will be released in three-four days.
So let's meet everyone now and say goodbye to everyone
and then let's leave straight away
and pack our bags too.
How did you create this glory in your whole world? Your glory is unique.
Your glory [song voice] is unique
[screaming voice] [encouraging voice]
Clapping
Bhai did the prayer, do they make him do it in his school?
Yes,
wow, did no one clap?
Yes, clapping
how was he doing?
Oh wow, wow, hello, he is
learning great things. So here you go guys,
meet Jiju here. Yes,
how are you?
Great, great
brother. Jiju gave me a surprise. I was laughing
and Jiju came. Look, the
bangle has been removed again, sister.
Power
power
is the greatest power in the world. The
power is inside it. [laughter] There's
power in it. Isn't it?
Diddy has these big ones. There is power in the bracelet.
This is mine brother.
Now it's mine [laughs]. Now they are saying that they have
defeated even brother-in-law. Now it is mine.
This is big. What have I I am from yes
? Has been captured.
I will get the elephant made brand new. Get it
made and show me. Your watch has power.
What are you saying?
Your watch has power.
Oh man, you defeated this too. He
is crazy. Because of [laughter].
Shivam uncle will not get this bangle. [laughter]
Do one thing. Give it back to Shivam uncle. Uncle, bring that.
Fight without any strings. Let us go.
Now you will see that brother-in-law will win. He won.
Oh,
come now. [laughter]
Oh [laughter] there's
power in the hard thing. If it is there then it is there in the bracelet.
And there will be tension in his mind. Shivam uncle
took the bracelet and went away. I lost my power.
No, I'll transfer the power to you
in that bracelet that I'll get made.
Tell.
It will have double power, double,
okay,
not double, 200
So guys, look here, brother, you have kept so much food,
brother, I didn't feel like eating,
but now my brother-in-law has come, let's
eat a little with him, brother, let's eat,
brother,
let's go, so guys, look here, look at his style, I have
forbidden him from drinking cold drinks, isn't it? He is
drinking water by adding cold drink can to the cold drink,
jiji,
sherbet, oh
wow,
he is saying that there should be some fuel
What level should I also be in, whatever is happening, you are
saying, jiju, jiju, he is drinking Red Bull,
I have money [laughs]
So guys, have you packed your bags now
and let's leave straight away, just for fun,
bye to everyone, come on, ji, bye-b, I will meet you, jiju,
bye-b,
okay, didi, bye-b,
come back, yes, yes,
soon, okay,
uncle, take care, yes, okay,
aunty, bye-b,
drive slowly,
yes, I drive slowly, I do
n't drive fast,
slowly, there will be so much
traffic,
I am watching the time What time is it
Traffic will make you comfortable
yes there will be full traffic right now,
not
in Delhi, Delhi,
yes Delhi, just after crossing Delhi the
road is empty then you can do as you wish [laughter] where
is Riddhu oh
Ritu where are you here my senses hello hello I'm in my senses
okay let's go then why why why why
not go then
pack your bags no go
who won't you go I won't go then I should go no
I will also go no
I will come tomorrow day after tomorrow then I will come I am going for
some work I am going for
some work then I will come
soon okay okay you are
going to the office
yes
take your bag to the office
oh bag I will get the clothes washed there in the office
yes I know voice [laughter]
hey hasi it's the office go uncle
check the office with you
I am going [laughter] come
check the office too
I am going there
uncle wash the clothes with me so
okay ji bye okay I am going
then bye bye bye so guys
we have just turned on our car I have done it, now I will go straight and
stop, let's leave from here, okay
uncle, yes okay bye bye, yes okay, be
careful,
yes
okay, I will also go carefully, go
carefully, yes absolutely, absolutely, take care of
yourself, I have done it,
okay, okay, okay, so come on guys,
yes let's leave carefully,
now Jai Shri Ram, so guys, I had just
left the house, I mean, I had come on the side road
and look at the traffic, brother, there is so much
traffic, I mean, the road is completely packed,
so guys, I have left at a very wrong time, I
mean, I am going from anywhere, I am going on
any road, the roads are
packed everywhere, look brother, the side road is completely packed,
I am in the service lane right now, the service lane is
completely packed. Now I am unable to understand
where should I leave from and when will I reach and when will I
not. So guys, it is showing here that
you will reach at 12:00. Let's see
when we will reach there. So guys,
I had not yet picked up Red Bull from home. I said I will
drink it on the way brother. If I feel sleepy,
brother, I am already feeling sleepy.
I have just crossed one street towards my house.
And guys today I am drinking Red Bull after 2 years. I
mean, for 2 years I did
n't drink any Red Bull or anything. I just used to drink Diet Coke
sometimes. But I didn't
drink it at all. But today I am drinking it after 2 years.
So come on, we should drink it sometimes. So
guys, I have just entered Hasi. It is
11:27 here,
so we are quite late because there was a lot of
traffic in Delhi. No one else brother, I have just
reached Hansi after a long time. Let's go
home now brother. I will meet Papa
, I will meet Aunty. Brother, I feel like
I am going to get a lot of abuse.
Because they will say that he went for the birthday celebration.
Brother, you have disappeared since your birthday. Didn't even show it. F No. Let me
talk to Papa. If I do
n't talk to aunty, I will get a severe scolding.
Rest of the time, aunty will be
found sleeping. Papa must be awake. So let's
see what the atmosphere is like at home. So guys
check here. I have just entered Hasi brother.
How beautifully the decoration for 15th August is being done.
Look, flags are placed everywhere. And
look at the flag wide lights. Brother, you are
looking so cute. This is something good.
Look at this. Meaning, such flags are made after every gap. You are
looking very cute.
Look brother, he is all over the road. You have done it very well.
So guys, finally we have reached home. Let's go
upstairs now. Come on, let's
go inside now.
Yes sir. Hello. Hello.
Rama Rama Rama. Are you
ok?
Excellent.
Tell me more brother. What is the matter. You have
become beautiful after shaving. It
is indeed beautiful.
You are beautiful. It's happening
brother, how have you become so fair and smooth,
look
what I have done, it's amazing, there is black
on black, black
on black, what
face wash have you got,
and you are there, you can apply whatever you want, it's fine
brother, papa is getting full glow, without
facial I am doing facial so he is not glowing, let me see,
brother, he is really glowing, it's a
miracle, have you
bathed yet, haven't you got your
hair cut in the morning,
look at that braid, brother, have a look at the braid,
say Jai Shri Ram [laughs]
Jai Shri Ram,
Jai Ranu ji,
Jai Chopra ji,
everything is great
and everything is great, did you
remember me, yes
you think about it, I do remember, I don't, I am
tired, papa, there was a lot of traffic, I have just come from Delhi, I will
call me, I will come,
would you have been troubled, then I said, why should I get
troubled and I am feeling
hungry.
I knew that as soon as he comes he will say that he is feeling hungry. It
looks real.
So everyone knows.
Achha knows I am feeling hungry.
No, it looks genuine, Papa. The
food is ready. The
same brother-in-law had come.
I would leave early. Brother-in-law has come. Then I
sat with brother-in-law for half an hour.
Good.
Then I left. [laughter] The
food is ready, son. Are you
ready?
So come on guys let's change our clothes now. We
will eat something after that. I am very tired too, friend.
So the guys have just come
into the kitchen and let's see what Papa has cooked.
Here it seems to me that there is rice
inside it. Look brother, it is just rice and right now I
feel that it has been made especially for me
because I have not eaten any of it.
What are the other vegetables brother? Rice. How much rice comes
to our house? So come on brother, let's see the vegetables now. It
might have been kept in the fridge. So guys,
look here, Papa has made Rajma for me.
Look at this, sir. Come on, let's quickly
heat the rajma rice and then eat.
So hi guys good morning. So guys it's the
next day and I have just woken up and you
know brother I was laughing last night. Let's go
inside the kitchen now. Papa is
cooking something, I do
n't know if he is heating the food. How are you sir?
Good Morning. Yes. Good Morning. What are you doing
? I am just
heating the food.
So guys, what are you making here right now,
dad?
Lababdar Paneer.
Paneer lababdar. Yes.
Here brother, check here dad. He is
making Paneer Lababdar. This was the
leftover gravy from yesterday.
Just put cheese in it [laughs]
put cheese in it.
So guys, when I went to eat yesterday, there was some
gravy left there and it remained
in my car. I don't remember. Then
I picked up the house. I said there will be a
smell in the car. But Papa is
saying this is okay? Yes yes
ok. Are
?
Ok. That's
ok. Then Papa added more cheese to it. The
rest is
complete.
Come on brother, it's okay. Paneer became Rababdar at home. The
rest of the kidney beans that were cooked last night are getting
heated up. What are you saying? I
brought some bread from my aunt. Should I get
bread from aunty?
Yes.
So come on guys, first go and get some bread from aunty.
Is there a hut, aunty? There
is a hut. Come to the hut. It will take five minutes.
Let me bring it. So come on guys, I have just
left the house and let's go to aunty's place and get some bread from her.
So come on guys have just
reached the cottage. Aunty is coming now. Let me introduce
you to aunty. Brother, aunt has come.
Yes sir, how are you? Are you ok? I have come after
seeing you. Was sleeping. Went
upstairs twice. Was
I sleeping well?
Yes. Come on guys, I have just taken the bread from here. Are you
coming?
Home in an hour. Come on, come. I
will feed you delicious food. One
is fine. Come fast.
Today is Guru Maa's birthday.
Okay then there is a
satsang at Butiya in the evening. Mother-in-law, please come.
Ok. Come on,
you also come. I am also
going home in half an hour.
Ok.
Come on guys, I have just reached home and have brought some bread
too. Come let's
eat our food. Here is Rajma.
Rajma with paneer. It is full of flavour.
Lush cheese.
What is?
Lababdar Paneer. What did you say earlier? Overflowing
rice overflowing
paneer overflowing
first class lachchadar parathas ok along with it
plain roti paneer labab
paneer laba laba laba laba laba laba laba lab let's
eat
our royal food and
tell me papa how is it taste the paneer laba
labab and
tell me how it is made I will
tell you right now
this was your daughter in law's favourite so I went to
feed her something special
ok yes yes I am
not telling you
what should I tell you it is added in Vogue I have
not seen Vogue
yes I have not seen Vogue then watch Vogue so
you try eating this and then tell me have you added this green chilli
I knew no no no it is
from the back
yes
I have added only paneer in it just taste it ok give a
genuine review will you give it
tomorrow will I give it
now let it go
ok it will go inside. So what happened, let me go now. It is
well made. It is
well made, isn't it?
Very good. It is
well made, isn't it? Creamy-creamy good.
So come on guys, let's eat too.
I also put my food here. So guys, I have just taken a
bath and am ready. So let me tell you what just happened to
me. Well, I have
shown you everything at the end of the video.
But let me tell you one small thing.
Today we are saved brother. There would have been a huge scam with us.
Meaning all my accounts would have been emptied.
All the money would be gone. I got a call.
He said that you have something on
which will reduce your charge. So
go to Google and turn that thing on. I will
also play his recordings for you. I have
also recorded him and in the
end he started abusing me. All
I can say is thank God that
all the money was saved. I didn't do those things.
Meaning, I had come to know that
someone was driving me crazy. So I didn't go crazy.
So I'm just showing you this so
you can stay safe too. Keep your family
safe too. It means sharing this as much as possible so that no
one gets trapped in this scam.
If you get a call from any bank, or if
anything comes, then you simply say that we will get
this thing done by going to the bank. If someone does
not have knowledge, if someone has knowledge then can
I do it through net banking. You
tell me, I have turned on the
bank's net banking. How to stop this thing from there.
But he was saying that go to Google and
write this thing. Write that thing. So never do this thing.
If any aunty ji is watching then
give the phone to your son that if such a
call comes from the bank then whoever in the house has
knowledge then make him talk to them, but at that time
I talked to him, handled the whole situation,
none of my money was lost, so it is safe,
we were saved from getting scammed, why Papa
ji,
yes sir, I
also knew this,
I have been a victim of it once, you have become a victim of it
and
how do I
manage work in school, I was
not going to deposit ₹00, I had
deposited ₹00, is it true that
your ₹00 disappeared from the bank.
Yes,
deposit the cash directly on FPay. I used to
handle the school accounts. I got a
call from my parents.
Well, I got a
call from him saying that I have to pay the fees. You
put ₹1.
Ok,
good. So I put ₹1,
okay.
Exactly after three-four minutes the same call came. I
thought they were the same parents.
I didn't use to do so much online then. It's done. It was
three or four years ago. I
called a teacher from my school. I
said, Ma'am, these parents are saying this,
first they told me to put ₹1.
I put in ₹1. Now he tells me to
deposit Rs 10,000 in his account.
Good.
And I said, when they have to
deposit the fees in our account, then why should we deposit the
money in their account? You should
talk to this parent once because that madam had
knowledge. That madam used to operate the computer.
Good.
And that madam kept talking for so long. She kept
talking for so long. With that man, I mean
that man fooled that madam so much that he
deposited the money, he
deposited ₹00,
yes he deposited the money, after that Jyoti
ma'am brought her phone, started Google Pay in her phone too and
asked her to tell the number,
okay, you are
depositing from her phone also,
then
I am telling her, ma'am, you tell me this,
we have to collect the fees and we should deposit the money too,
you are doing wrong, you are doing wrong, I mean
I did not even do it, that madam
planted me
2000, then it appeared to you, then that madam said, you have
deposited it, then you two,
then it appeared to me that why did you give the phone to that madam,
and neither the madam was sitting comfortably inside, the
principal ma'am and the other madam with her,
they did not know about this, later
one madam went and told her that
money is going from the school phone, money is going from the school phone,
okay, at
first she remained sitting comfortably, she immediately
came and said who deposited it, who deposited it, she was completely
shocked,
yes, then this plating would have been done in the school,
then they would have said that the one who deposited it will
pay it.
Yes, that's it,
this is the wrong thing. It
means that he also got Rs 5-7000 and the
rest was for me. It
felt good
as if 20,000 were gone.
20,000 are gone.
After that, if any such call comes, I do
not receive it.
So guys, that's why I am telling you in this video
that you all should stay safe from now on. Look
how aunty also spent money. So I did
not know that aunty also had such money invested. Used to
live in Delhi.
Well, I was in Delhi. So brother guys, now you
watch that video and then tell me that means he
also abused me aunty.
He kept it because you abused him. No no,
he abused me.
Then he abused me and I also abused him.
Why should we listen to abuses and pushes from anyone, you are first
scamming us. I mean, I
say this, brother.
How can anyone digest this money?
You abused me. Then he cut it off.
Yes.
Aunty, I am saying this, how can anyone digest this money
? Meaning, after facing people's curses, he
blocked me, even
my number was blocked. Yes, I am
saying this, how do people digest money after receiving curses.
Now this is everyone's own thinking.
So guys, this thing affects your parents,
your children, your sister, your wife.
They get sick. The money that
you are earning like this, you have to invest that money on them.
So I say that if you cause
pain to someone's house, then
pain will definitely come to your house too. That's why I say
earn money by doing good work. One should
never earn money by doing this work. Why
sir?
Absolutely, this money
goes away more than it comes. It
goes more than that.
And we suffer more than that. That's
correct.
Bye guys, you watch the video and then
tell us in the comments what you would like to say about this thing.
Say.
Yes. Can you tell me again what you were saying?
Moto service sir. Moto service, which
service is this?
Moto service if you pay by international fly ticket
or dollar VLP
card.
Well, there
is service available for them, sir. If this card
remains active then its annual charge is
₹3948.
Well, if I talk to customer care then
they will not have any knowledge about this thing.
How can there be no knowledge, sir? I am telling you that
look, when you got the card delivered,
yes, at that
time a mail was sent to you sir, but
you did not give confirmation of the mail, that is
why the last attempted call was made, if
your on the call vacant team is
not sent a mail, then
your bill will be generated here within 15 minutes
sir, I am saying that you will be able to
stop the service through customer care, but
you will have to pay their annual charge
sir,
well, if you get it stopped then it will not be applicable to
me.
Yes, if you do it from here then you will not be charged
sir. Are you
listening?
Good sir.
So what should I do now, should I continue the service
or disable it, sir?
Where are you speaking from? Did you
see your mother [sound of clearing throat] what a fraud she
is, Papa? And how was he abusing? It
was a fraud. Isn't it
? He had understood that he was not mad.
Yes
guys, if this is the number then you should keep calling it and
disturb me. Meaning, if anyone receives this call, it is a
fake call. You see, he
even abused me and he was
driving me crazy by calling me for a long time.
Ask him where he is from? Will cut it in a minute.
Hey, I have told him the same thing before.
Why are you driving me crazy?
Yes. Isn't it
?
He understood, right? So guys, if I had continued to do as he
said,
my credit card would have been completely
emptied at that very moment and I understood this, there is nothing
that customer
care does not have knowledge of, the credit card
department does not have knowledge, I
talked to him, then I said to him, brother, why are you
making me mad, I know everything, from where the
call is coming and from where it is not, he disconnected my call,
then I called him again, now
this, and then I saw his video, which you just
saw, you must have heard the entire recording of this, he was giving
me advice like this
and in the end, while disconnecting the call, he abused me and went away,
brother, these mad people think that the world is mad,
brother, it is a blessing to God that no one is
wise in these things, like
I have been using credit card for a long time
and I have knowledge about
how the call comes from customer care, when it comes,
what to talk about, how to talk about it
and how they answer from the front, so
I caught some things about it, then
I understood. This is thanks to God,
brother. I survived. So that's why I am showing you this in the video. If
you ever get such a call in the future, then
clear everything first. If it doesn't happen then go and
visit your bank. From there you can
talk to customer care. So brother, this unknown number was
first of all a normal number. Such
calls never come from the bank. The bank number also
starts with something like 01 1. So brother, you must take
care of yourself. That's why I
showed you this thing and I swear brother, I was saved.
I did not listen to any of this. I had
opened my net banking. I said,
tell me in net banking, where will it be done now
? He told me to go to Google and
search this. When he told me,
Papa, go to Google and search this.
I caught him at that very moment and said, brother, this
guy is fake and he is making me crazy.
Papa was sleeping over there. Got up on dad.
Hearing the voice, father says, don't do this, you are driving me crazy.
I said, Papa, I have also understood.
So in the end when I asked him,
where are you calling from? Papa
told me to ask him from where are you speaking? When
I asked him, where are you calling from? And he is
abusing me. So brother, call this number
so much. Calling so much will drive him crazy.
He himself might go mad. He should know about the person who abused him. It is
not necessary that you will receive a call from this number.
Yes, it is not necessary that you will also receive a
call from this number. The call can come from any number.
So brother, you be careful. Don't share.
Brother, never share your OTP number with anyone.
Never share your account number. Don't
share anything. If anyone gave me even a single
detail, it was all
empty. The
entire account is empty. Well, at least
I survived. I hope that you also take
care of yourself and you also remain safe. Take
care.
Guys I hope you have seen the video.
So let's end this topic here.
I just came from Delhi.
Pinnu Bhabhi from Delhi had given me a lot of mango
papads. So let's make aunty
try it now and also make dad try it.
And along with that, brother, look, I have
also brought a water bottle which has
mango papads with full chillies. But it
is very tasty brother. To be honest, it is a number one test.
So we will get aunty tested and father
also tested. We will see how their reactions will be.
So guys check here. I
have some three different mango papads here.
One is this, one is this, one is this. Aunty, do
you like mango papad by the way?
I like mango papad. But
now he is saying that Pinu Bhabhi has sent it.
Yes.
That too with chillies. The
chilli one.
No, Bhabhi and I had just gone to Darjeeling for a
trip, so I brought him from there.
Now, there is
chilli in it. But aunty, it is so sour, oh yes yes, it is so
juicy. What fun it will be,
Papa. If you want to feed me this now.
Yes.
You cannot imagine where my tears will fall.
No no, I have brought that water
with you.
Papa tells me this Shalu, there
is chilli in the vegetable.
I don't touch him. No matter how
tasty the vegetable is. I don't touch it. I ca
n't eat chillies. Should I always
feed Papa and then Aunty or not? Get the
test done.
Do the test.
How much sugar should be consumed in moderation?
Yellow. Do this light test.
slightly. Just
look at it, how many chillies are visible.
Hey, do a little test today. You will enjoy
eating it.
My mouth is watering right now.
Eat only two at this place.
Eat, eat, friend. I have eaten it. You test it.
Look at the chillies in it. Take
some. You're also breaking so much
[laughs].
Brother, let us know how it tastes after eating it. Take it and
taste it.
Yes,
no, I am not. Is there
not even that much chilli? Aunty,
eat the chilli, eat it,
tears will come out. No
one will shed tears. First you eat this, Papa,
I ate it, I don't eat this.
Hey, eat it, why don't you eat it?
What has happened
Shivam, I can't eat chillies, there are
so many chillies, at least eat
this. Why are you not eating it
? I can
see the chillies. Please
eat a little. Don't
eat too little. There are a lot of chillies.
Eat a little. Eat according to taste. There are
really a lot of chillies. It's
not that much, Papa. I ate, look at you.
Spicy is spicy, yet we eat it even when there is
no food.
Ouch,
not good. I did not get pleasure.
Tell me it's genuine.
Tart taste. It
's sour [laughs] isn't it?
Chili is fine.
The chili is fine, but the sour is so good.
Aunty, look brother, she is drinking water,
how did you like it? It
is very sour. To
show your eyes. Papa's eyes are filled with tears.
Come on sir. Let's open another one now.
They are fed by others.
We cannot eat this brother. I can't eat it.
This is amazing. Try eating this. Papa,
try eating it. It is a little open from here.
Look how hot it is.
I am not eating. It doesn't look like that. It does
n't seem so. Aunty, take some water and
drink only this much.
Try eating this much. It
is sugar. It's worth a
test since he's come from so far.
Eat the whole sugar container. It is made from test.
Look at this dad, he is eating so much. This is
not even shown. He was beaten up quickly.
This is sweet.
Neither will the sour taste sour. There
are chillies,
why are you checking this too? Eat it by sucking it a little like this.
How did you like this? It is sour. It also
tastes sour later. Aunty
spoiled the taste of papad by drinking water. I am
unable to eat. If I swallow it, it will be
fine.
Look at this Baba's face [laughs].
Look at King. There are
full chillies. Shabbu,
how did you like this? It
is chilli. It is chilli. Papa is also saying it is
chilli. Want to try this one? to do.
Not doing it. [laughter]
Oh
what? I have
this much chilli. You know I ca
n't eat chillies. You said you should
taste it a little, you drank a lot of water yesterday, I'll do it right now
Binu
Binu, you won't get it at all Bhabhi is in Vietnam,
this was coming, it was
coming good,
yes
Paras's,
yes let's
talk to Paras right now, I'll
threaten you,
what's the point of threatening him, did he tell
you, eat it, did you
bring something sweet and sour from wherever you went
This time khat, this time I gave him chilli
but papa the taste is not number one,
tell me genuine, eat this mango papad, sweet and sour, it is
completely burnt,
this is the authentic taste brother, to tell you the truth,
these are number one papa, and the balls look like full
chilli balls
brother, don't eat it at night, it will turn out good in the
morning
Lal Chalu
hi
lalal only,
hi big chilli
aunty is saying hi hi, come on, she doesn't feel like it, she has tried
two, she doesn't even have the
courage to get up to try the third one,
no,
you eat the third one,
okay, I'll take it,
okay brother, I'll leave this aside, yes sir,
how are you, everything is
fine, fine, fine. Are you
ok?
very nice.
So guys, I had placed an order here.
So guess what will be inside it?
Guess yes inside this.
Guess order you ordered. Guess will.
Ordered in front.
You guess. Let us go.
What should I guess, friend?
Whoever guesses, I will take him on a trip.
We can't guess.
Yes sir.
Show me. You could have checked it and told me, friend. should I
read it? Don't read without reading.
Brother, I have brought the order. I
know it.
How do you know, friend? He brought the order. It is
not possible to find out like this.
You got to know it in the packaging.
I had read it. I had
read it. Where did you read it from?
Everything is written. Leave it.
Tell me what then?
I will tell you later.
Tell.
Yes. It is desi ghee. Are
? It
is desi ghee. It
is desi ghee.
Yes. I have
ordered Desi Ghee online. I have
ordered Desi Ghee online.
Who orders desi ghee online?
Will eat desi ghee. It will become desi.
So guys, I have ordered ghee online, that is, I have
ordered pure, absolutely desi ghee.
So let's open it now and see how it is.
That's why I have kept you sitting here.
You know, you have some knowledge about desi
ghee. I do
see the knowledge.
Why has some aunt come from the village? [laughter]
Knowledge is there. She has been
living in the village for 14 years.
Yes.
Rati stays in school. She lives a little in the village.
Then [sound of clearing throat] the
knowledge goes away. So
someone extracts ghee from it. Okay, no problem.
Even by looking at it, mothers know that they have
knowledge about this thing. The
father also experiences it. The
father does not have it. No
one would have extracted as much butter as the Father has.
Let me bring the knife. Then we open it.
So come on guys, we didn't find the knife.
I just brought the spoon.
Aunty, I don't know what all I might reveal with this. Should I open the door? There are
knives lying in front, friend.
Hey, this will open it too, friend.
You hold on to it. So guys, here
our ghee has just been unboxed, yes the box means it has been opened, I have just kept it with me,
then aunty it is very expensive too,
look at this
and guys look here, what a lovely box
I have ordered, I mean ghee, it is
very beautiful, let me
show you, the dolu looks so nice, just give it a try,
brother, how
nice it is, is it also heavy, is the
quality good, I said brother, you are
ordering ghee, along with that the dolu is also coming for free, so will it
not be useful at home. Chota
Dolu
is right. The
whole thing is stylish.
Come on, open it and see what kind of ghee is inside it.
Open it. It
is well air tight. Oh it is. Is it
good. Try it and see.
How do you do the nose test?
You put your nose here and I am smelling the fragrance from here.
Look how Papa is. I ordered pure cow ghee brother. Of
Gir cow.
I will drink this in the morning, one spoon in water,
you drink that Dalda oil
[laughs] you
rude person,
drink mustard oil, will you drink such an expensive thing like this
so guys, this bottle gourd is very expensive, ₹00 per
litre has come, I have ordered 2 litres for
₹5000, this is for ₹5000, that is why it is
smelling, friend
brother, ₹000 is spent on the entire dolu.
Okay
Dolu, you will eat the ghee, Dolu, it will be useful to us.
Yes,
come on brother, it
is very good right now.
Your mother is your mother, isn't it Sheehu?
Your mother would have looked at the ghee
first and then at Dolu Dolu, very good,
Dolu would have been happy.
Dolu is very good.
Come on, turn it off now. Sonu
is very nice. This is good ghee. This is
good ghee. Come on brother.
Even if it is cow ghee, it is not normal ghee. This is the
most important thing.
Look at this brother. Aunty is applying the test on my hands. I will
sleep with it on my face. All this is
coming out from here.
A DB will be filled. Keep it in the fridge. It is
very hot. You should apply it on your face and sleep for two nights.
Desi ghee.
Good.
Yes.
Brother, look, I have taken a little one like this. It has become
so oily.
Look how much it is, I had a little bit on my hand. The
meaning is right, isn't it, only one thing is
visible.
Papa, look, everything is coming out. Keep it in the fridge.
This will take it out from the
fridge.
They even packed it so big.
Hey, now look, it is coming out.
We loosened that and that's why it was
stuck on it. So
now keep it in the fridge. It will freeze a little. As soon as I
applied it, I started feeling intoxicated.
Brother, look how much fragrance is coming.
I think Papa doesn't like it. Isn't it
?
Yes, it is good. Come on, keep it inside. The
packing is very
good, isn't it?
very nice.
So guys, I have just come down and
see what condition my scooter is in. Are you
seeing this, Aunty? The
condition of the entire house and the entire street is bad. The condition of the entire house is
bad. These houses that are being built are because of this.
Look at this scooter. My scooter
is parked in front of my house and houses are being built there.
How is he coming this far, brother? If
you are doing it then please tell me friend.
We will remove our scooter. Didn't you
see it? So guys, now look at the condition of my
scooter. Look at this, all the soil below,
all the soil ahead. Brother has just cleaned it. Let's
clean it with water now. Then it will get cleaned a little,
otherwise the clothes will get dirty. If you
sit on this. So guys, here you go,
now that our scooter is a little clean, let's move on.
So guys let's end this vlog right now
and see you tomorrow
in the next vlog. If you like the vlog, please
like, share and comment.
Instagram link is given in the description.
So guys, go quickly and
follow me on Instagram. Be sure to hype the rest of the video. If you are
new to the channel,
please subscribe. Bye guys see you tomorrow
in the next vlog. Bye till then, take care.
