Come on guys, meet brother-in-law here.  Yes sir, Come on guys, meet brother-in-law here.  Yes sir, Come on guys, meet brother-in-law here.  Yes sir, how are you? how are you? how are you? Very nice, great. Very nice, great. Very nice, great. Brother and brother-in-law gave a surprise. Brother and brother-in-law gave a surprise. Brother and brother-in-law gave a surprise. Brother, there would have been a huge scam with us. Brother, there would have been a huge scam with us. Brother, there would have been a huge scam with us. Meaning all my accounts would have been emptied.  All the Meaning all my accounts would have been emptied.  All the Meaning all my accounts would have been emptied.  All the money would be gone. money would be gone. money would be gone. I said, Ma'am, these parents are saying I said, Ma'am, these parents are saying I said, Ma'am, these parents are saying that first they told me to put ₹1. that first they told me to put ₹1. that first they told me to put ₹1. I put in ₹1.  Now he is telling me to I put in ₹1.  Now he is telling me to I put in ₹1.  Now he is telling me to deposit ₹10,000 in his account. deposit ₹10,000 in his account. deposit ₹10,000 in his account. Your ₹000 flew away from the bank. Your ₹000 flew away from the bank. Your ₹000 flew away from the bank. Yes. Yes. Yes. That's why I am telling you in this video That's why I am telling you in this video That's why I am telling you in this video that you all should stay safe from now on.  Look that you all should stay safe from now on.  Look that you all should stay safe from now on.  Look how aunty also spent money.  I have some three how aunty also spent money.  I have some three how aunty also spent money.  I have some three different mango papads here.  One is this, different mango papads here.  One is this, different mango papads here.  One is this, one is this, one is this. one is this, one is this. one is this, one is this. I like mango papad.  But now he is I like mango papad.  But now he is I like mango papad.  But now he is saying that Pinnu Bhabhi has sent it. saying that Pinnu Bhabhi has sent it. saying that Pinnu Bhabhi has sent it. Yes. Yes. Yes. That too with chillies.   The That too with chillies.   The That too with chillies.   The chilli one. chilli one. chilli one. Shabbu, look at the chilli in it. Shabbu, look at the chilli in it. Shabbu, look at the chilli in it. Aunty, look brother, aunty is drinking water.  So there are Aunty, look brother, aunty is drinking water.  So there are Aunty, look brother, aunty is drinking water.  So there are full chillies.  Shabbu, full chillies.  Shabbu, full chillies.  Shabbu, how did you like this? how did you like this? how did you like this? Chillies are chilies.  Papa is also saying Chillies are chilies.  Papa is also saying Chillies are chilies.  Papa is also saying chillies. chillies. chillies. So hi guys good morning.  Welcome So hi guys good morning.  Welcome So hi guys good morning.  Welcome all of you to another new vlog.  So guys, we are just all of you to another new vlog.  So guys, we are just all of you to another new vlog.  So guys, we are just starting the vlog in the evening and it is already starting the vlog in the evening and it is already starting the vlog in the evening and it is already 7:30 in the evening and now I am thinking 7:30 in the evening and now I am thinking 7:30 in the evening and now I am thinking of heading straight for Hasi.  It has been quite some of heading straight for Hasi.  It has been quite some of heading straight for Hasi.  It has been quite some time since I came to Delhi and I have time since I came to Delhi and I have time since I came to Delhi and I have one or two very important work to do urgently. one or two very important work to do urgently. one or two very important work to do urgently. If that work had not been there, I would not have gone out at night. If that work had not been there, I would not have gone out at night. If that work had not been there, I would not have gone out at night. I would go comfortably in the morning.  So, some I would go comfortably in the morning.  So, some I would go comfortably in the morning.  So, some very important work has come up and there is another surprise for all of you in three-four days.  So very important work has come up and there is another surprise for all of you in three-four days.  So I am planning a trip.  It will be possible I am planning a trip.  It will be possible I am planning a trip.  It will be possible that we will leave in three-four days.   The that we will leave in three-four days.   The that we will leave in three-four days.   The rest is also a surprise.  They will also see rest is also a surprise.  They will also see rest is also a surprise.  They will also see where they will go and where they will not go.  But yes, it is true where they will go and where they will not go.  But yes, it is true where they will go and where they will not go.  But yes, it is true that 1101% will be released in three-four days. that 1101% will be released in three-four days. that 1101% will be released in three-four days. So let's meet everyone now and say goodbye to everyone So let's meet everyone now and say goodbye to everyone So let's meet everyone now and say goodbye to everyone and then let's leave straight away and then let's leave straight away and then let's leave straight away and pack our bags too. and pack our bags too. How did you create this glory in your whole world? Your glory is unique. How did you create this glory in your whole world? Your glory is unique. How did you create this glory in your whole world? Your glory is unique. Your glory [song voice] is unique Your glory [song voice] is unique Your glory [song voice] is unique [screaming voice] [encouraging voice] [screaming voice] [encouraging voice] [screaming voice] [encouraging voice] Clapping Clapping Clapping Bhai did the prayer, do they make him do it in his school? Bhai did the prayer, do they make him do it in his school? Yes, Yes, Yes, wow, did no one clap? wow, did no one clap? wow, did no one clap? Yes, clapping Yes, clapping Yes, clapping how was he doing? how was he doing? how was he doing? Oh wow, wow, hello, he is Oh wow, wow, hello, he is Oh wow, wow, hello, he is learning great things. So here you go guys, learning great things. So here you go guys, learning great things. So here you go guys, meet Jiju here. Yes, meet Jiju here. Yes, meet Jiju here. Yes, how are you? how are you? how are you? Great, great Great, great Great, great brother. Jiju gave me a surprise. I was laughing brother. Jiju gave me a surprise. I was laughing brother. Jiju gave me a surprise. I was laughing and Jiju came.   Look, the and Jiju came.   Look, the and Jiju came.   Look, the bangle has been removed again, sister. bangle has been removed again, sister. bangle has been removed again, sister. Power Power Power power power power is the greatest power in the world.   The is the greatest power in the world.   The is the greatest power in the world.   The power is inside it.  [laughter] There's power is inside it.  [laughter] There's power is inside it.  [laughter] There's power in it.  Isn't it? power in it.  Isn't it? power in it.  Isn't it? Diddy has these big ones.  There is power in the bracelet. Diddy has these big ones.  There is power in the bracelet. This is mine brother. This is mine brother. This is mine brother. Now it's mine [laughs].  Now they are saying that they have Now it's mine [laughs].  Now they are saying that they have Now it's mine [laughs].  Now they are saying that they have defeated even brother-in-law.  Now it is mine. defeated even brother-in-law.  Now it is mine. defeated even brother-in-law.  Now it is mine. This is big.  What have I I am from yes This is big.  What have I I am from yes This is big.  What have I I am from yes ?  Has been captured. ?  Has been captured. ?  Has been captured. I will get the elephant made brand new.   Get it I will get the elephant made brand new.   Get it I will get the elephant made brand new.   Get it made and show me.  Your watch has power. made and show me.  Your watch has power. made and show me.  Your watch has power. What are you saying? What are you saying? What are you saying? Your watch has power. Oh man, you defeated this too.   He Oh man, you defeated this too.   He Oh man, you defeated this too.   He is crazy.  Because of [laughter]. is crazy.  Because of [laughter]. Shivam uncle will not get this bangle.  [laughter] Shivam uncle will not get this bangle.  [laughter] Shivam uncle will not get this bangle.  [laughter] Do one thing.  Give it back to Shivam uncle.   Uncle, bring that. Do one thing.  Give it back to Shivam uncle.   Uncle, bring that. Fight without any strings.   Let us go. Fight without any strings.   Let us go. Fight without any strings.   Let us go. Now you will see that brother-in-law will win.  He won. Now you will see that brother-in-law will win.  He won. Now you will see that brother-in-law will win.  He won. Oh, Oh, Oh, come now.  [laughter] Oh [laughter] there's Oh [laughter] there's Oh [laughter] there's power in the hard thing.   If it is there then it is there in the bracelet. power in the hard thing.   If it is there then it is there in the bracelet. And there will be tension in his mind.  Shivam uncle And there will be tension in his mind.  Shivam uncle And there will be tension in his mind.  Shivam uncle took the bracelet and went away.  I lost my power. took the bracelet and went away.  I lost my power. took the bracelet and went away.  I lost my power. No, I'll transfer the power to you No, I'll transfer the power to you No, I'll transfer the power to you in that bracelet that I'll get made. in that bracelet that I'll get made. in that bracelet that I'll get made. Tell. Tell. Tell. It will have double power, double, It will have double power, double, It will have double power, double, okay, okay, okay, not double, 200 not double, 200 not double, 200 So guys, look here, brother, you have kept so much food, So guys, look here, brother, you have kept so much food, So guys, look here, brother, you have kept so much food, brother, I didn't feel like eating, brother, I didn't feel like eating, brother, I didn't feel like eating, but now my brother-in-law has come, let's but now my brother-in-law has come, let's but now my brother-in-law has come, let's eat a little with him, brother, let's eat, eat a little with him, brother, let's eat, eat a little with him, brother, let's eat, brother, brother, brother, let's go, so guys, look here, look at his style, I have let's go, so guys, look here, look at his style, I have let's go, so guys, look here, look at his style, I have forbidden him from drinking cold drinks, isn't it? He is forbidden him from drinking cold drinks, isn't it? He is drinking water by adding cold drink can to the cold drink, drinking water by adding cold drink can to the cold drink, drinking water by adding cold drink can to the cold drink, jiji, jiji, jiji, sherbet, oh sherbet, oh sherbet, oh wow, wow, wow, he is saying that there should be some fuel he is saying that there should be some fuel he is saying that there should be some fuel What level should I also be in, whatever is happening, you are What level should I also be in, whatever is happening, you are What level should I also be in, whatever is happening, you are saying, jiju, jiju, he is drinking Red Bull, saying, jiju, jiju, he is drinking Red Bull, saying, jiju, jiju, he is drinking Red Bull, I have money [laughs] I have money [laughs] I have money [laughs] So guys, have you packed your bags now So guys, have you packed your bags now So guys, have you packed your bags now and let's leave straight away, just for fun, and let's leave straight away, just for fun, and let's leave straight away, just for fun, bye to everyone, come on, ji, bye-b, I will meet you, jiju, bye to everyone, come on, ji, bye-b, I will meet you, jiju, bye to everyone, come on, ji, bye-b, I will meet you, jiju, bye-b, bye-b, bye-b, okay, didi, bye-b, okay, didi, bye-b, okay, didi, bye-b, come back, yes, yes, come back, yes, yes, come back, yes, yes, soon, okay, soon, okay, soon, okay, uncle, take care, yes, okay, uncle, take care, yes, okay, aunty, bye-b, aunty, bye-b, aunty, bye-b, drive slowly, drive slowly, drive slowly, yes, I drive slowly, I do yes, I drive slowly, I do yes, I drive slowly, I do n't drive fast, n't drive fast, n't drive fast, slowly, there will be so much slowly, there will be so much slowly, there will be so much traffic, traffic, traffic, I am watching the time  What time is it I am watching the time  What time is it I am watching the time  What time is it Traffic will make you comfortable Traffic will make you comfortable Traffic will make you comfortable yes there will be full traffic right now, yes there will be full traffic right now, yes there will be full traffic right now, not not not in Delhi, Delhi, in Delhi, Delhi, in Delhi, Delhi, yes Delhi, just after crossing Delhi the yes Delhi, just after crossing Delhi the yes Delhi, just after crossing Delhi the road is empty then you can do as you wish [laughter] where road is empty then you can do as you wish [laughter] where road is empty then you can do as you wish [laughter] where is Riddhu oh is Riddhu oh is Riddhu oh Ritu where are you here my senses hello hello I'm in my senses Ritu where are you here my senses hello hello I'm in my senses Ritu where are you here my senses hello hello I'm in my senses okay let's go then why why why why okay let's go then why why why why okay let's go then why why why why not go then not go then not go then pack your bags no go pack your bags no go who won't you go I won't go then I should go no who won't you go I won't go then I should go no I will also go no I will also go no I will also go no I will come tomorrow day after tomorrow then I will come I am going for I will come tomorrow day after tomorrow then I will come I am going for some work I am going for some work I am going for some work I am going for some work then I will come some work then I will come some work then I will come soon okay okay you are soon okay okay you are going to the office going to the office going to the office yes yes yes take your bag to the office take your bag to the office take your bag to the office oh bag I will get the clothes washed there in the office oh bag I will get the clothes washed there in the office oh bag I will get the clothes washed there in the office yes I know voice [laughter] yes I know voice [laughter] yes I know voice [laughter] hey hasi it's the office go uncle hey hasi it's the office go uncle hey hasi it's the office go uncle check the office with you check the office with you check the office with you I am going [laughter] come I am going [laughter] come I am going [laughter] come check the office too check the office too check the office too I am going there I am going there I am going there uncle wash the clothes with me so uncle wash the clothes with me so uncle wash the clothes with me so okay ji bye okay I am going okay ji bye okay I am going okay ji bye okay I am going then bye bye bye so guys then bye bye bye so guys then bye bye bye so guys we have just turned on our car  I have done it, now I will go straight and we have just turned on our car  I have done it, now I will go straight and we have just turned on our car  I have done it, now I will go straight and stop, let's leave from here, okay stop, let's leave from here, okay stop, let's leave from here, okay uncle, yes okay bye bye, yes okay, be uncle, yes okay bye bye, yes okay, be uncle, yes okay bye bye, yes okay, be careful, careful, careful, yes yes yes okay, I will also go carefully, go okay, I will also go carefully, go okay, I will also go carefully, go carefully, yes absolutely, absolutely, take care of carefully, yes absolutely, absolutely, take care of carefully, yes absolutely, absolutely, take care of yourself, I have done it, yourself, I have done it, okay, okay, okay, so come on guys, okay, okay, okay, so come on guys, yes let's leave carefully, yes let's leave carefully, yes let's leave carefully, now Jai Shri Ram, so guys, I had just now Jai Shri Ram, so guys, I had just now Jai Shri Ram, so guys, I had just left the house, I mean, I had come on the side road left the house, I mean, I had come on the side road left the house, I mean, I had come on the side road and look at the traffic, brother, there is so much and look at the traffic, brother, there is so much and look at the traffic, brother, there is so much traffic, I mean, the road is completely packed, traffic, I mean, the road is completely packed, traffic, I mean, the road is completely packed, so guys, I have left at a very wrong time, I so guys, I have left at a very wrong time, I so guys, I have left at a very wrong time, I mean, I am going from anywhere, I am going on mean, I am going from anywhere, I am going on mean, I am going from anywhere, I am going on any road, the roads are any road, the roads are any road, the roads are packed everywhere, look brother, the side road is completely packed, packed everywhere, look brother, the side road is completely packed, packed everywhere, look brother, the side road is completely packed, I am in the service lane right now, the service lane is I am in the service lane right now, the service lane is I am in the service lane right now, the service lane is completely packed.  Now I am unable to understand completely packed.  Now I am unable to understand completely packed.  Now I am unable to understand where should I leave from and when will I reach and when will I where should I leave from and when will I reach and when will I where should I leave from and when will I reach and when will I not.  So guys, it is showing here that not.  So guys, it is showing here that not.  So guys, it is showing here that you will reach at 12:00.  Let's see you will reach at 12:00.  Let's see you will reach at 12:00.  Let's see when we will reach there.  So guys, when we will reach there.  So guys, when we will reach there.  So guys, I had not yet picked up Red Bull from home.  I said I will I had not yet picked up Red Bull from home.  I said I will I had not yet picked up Red Bull from home.  I said I will drink it on the way brother.  If I feel sleepy, drink it on the way brother.  If I feel sleepy, drink it on the way brother.  If I feel sleepy, brother, I am already feeling sleepy. brother, I am already feeling sleepy. brother, I am already feeling sleepy. I have just crossed one street towards my house. I have just crossed one street towards my house. I have just crossed one street towards my house. And guys today I am drinking Red Bull after 2 years.  I And guys today I am drinking Red Bull after 2 years.  I And guys today I am drinking Red Bull after 2 years.  I mean, for 2 years I did mean, for 2 years I did mean, for 2 years I did n't drink any Red Bull or anything.  I just used to drink Diet Coke n't drink any Red Bull or anything.  I just used to drink Diet Coke n't drink any Red Bull or anything.  I just used to drink Diet Coke sometimes.  But I didn't sometimes.  But I didn't sometimes.  But I didn't drink it at all.  But today I am drinking it after 2 years. drink it at all.  But today I am drinking it after 2 years. drink it at all.  But today I am drinking it after 2 years. So come on, we should drink it sometimes.  So So come on, we should drink it sometimes.  So So come on, we should drink it sometimes.  So guys, I have just entered Hasi.   It is guys, I have just entered Hasi.   It is guys, I have just entered Hasi.   It is 11:27 here, 11:27 here, 11:27 here, so we are quite late because there was a lot of so we are quite late because there was a lot of so we are quite late because there was a lot of traffic in Delhi.  No one else brother, I have just traffic in Delhi.  No one else brother, I have just traffic in Delhi.  No one else brother, I have just reached Hansi after a long time.  Let's go reached Hansi after a long time.  Let's go reached Hansi after a long time.  Let's go home now brother.  I will meet Papa home now brother.  I will meet Papa home now brother.  I will meet Papa , I will meet Aunty.  Brother, I feel like , I will meet Aunty.  Brother, I feel like , I will meet Aunty.  Brother, I feel like I am going to get a lot of abuse. I am going to get a lot of abuse. I am going to get a lot of abuse. Because they will say that he went for the birthday celebration. Because they will say that he went for the birthday celebration. Brother, you have disappeared since your birthday.  Didn't even show it.  F No.   Let me Brother, you have disappeared since your birthday.  Didn't even show it.  F No.   Let me Brother, you have disappeared since your birthday.  Didn't even show it.  F No.   Let me talk to Papa.  If I do talk to Papa.  If I do talk to Papa.  If I do n't talk to aunty, I will get a severe scolding. n't talk to aunty, I will get a severe scolding. n't talk to aunty, I will get a severe scolding. Rest of the time, aunty will be Rest of the time, aunty will be Rest of the time, aunty will be found sleeping.  Papa must be awake.  So let's found sleeping.  Papa must be awake.  So let's found sleeping.  Papa must be awake.  So let's see what the atmosphere is like at home.  So guys see what the atmosphere is like at home.  So guys see what the atmosphere is like at home.  So guys check here.  I have just entered Hasi brother. check here.  I have just entered Hasi brother. check here.  I have just entered Hasi brother. How beautifully the decoration for 15th August is being done. How beautifully the decoration for 15th August is being done. How beautifully the decoration for 15th August is being done. Look, flags are placed everywhere.  And Look, flags are placed everywhere.  And Look, flags are placed everywhere.  And look at the flag wide lights.  Brother, you are look at the flag wide lights.  Brother, you are look at the flag wide lights.  Brother, you are looking so cute.  This is something good. looking so cute.  This is something good. looking so cute.  This is something good. Look at this.  Meaning, such flags are made after every gap.  You are Look at this.  Meaning, such flags are made after every gap.  You are Look at this.  Meaning, such flags are made after every gap.  You are looking very cute. looking very cute. looking very cute. Look brother, he is all over the road.  You have done it very well. Look brother, he is all over the road.  You have done it very well. Look brother, he is all over the road.  You have done it very well. So guys, finally we have reached home.  Let's go So guys, finally we have reached home.  Let's go So guys, finally we have reached home.  Let's go upstairs now.  Come on, let's upstairs now.  Come on, let's upstairs now.  Come on, let's go inside now. go inside now. go inside now. Yes sir.  Hello.  Hello. Yes sir.  Hello.  Hello. Yes sir.  Hello.  Hello. Rama Rama Rama.   Are you Rama Rama Rama.   Are you Rama Rama Rama.   Are you ok? ok? ok? Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. Tell me more brother.  What is the matter.  You have Tell me more brother.  What is the matter.  You have Tell me more brother.  What is the matter.  You have become beautiful after shaving.   It become beautiful after shaving.   It become beautiful after shaving.   It is indeed beautiful. is indeed beautiful. is indeed beautiful. You are beautiful.  It's happening You are beautiful.  It's happening You are beautiful.  It's happening brother, how have you become so fair and smooth, brother, how have you become so fair and smooth, brother, how have you become so fair and smooth, look look look what I have done, it's amazing, there is black what I have done, it's amazing, there is black what I have done, it's amazing, there is black on black, black on black, black on black, black on black, what on black, what on black, what face wash have you got, face wash have you got, and you are there, you can apply whatever you want, it's fine and you are there, you can apply whatever you want, it's fine brother, papa is getting full glow, without brother, papa is getting full glow, without brother, papa is getting full glow, without facial I am doing facial so he is not glowing, let me see, facial I am doing facial so he is not glowing, let me see, brother, he is really glowing, it's a brother, he is really glowing, it's a brother, he is really glowing, it's a miracle, have you miracle, have you miracle, have you bathed yet, haven't you got your bathed yet, haven't you got your hair cut in the morning, hair cut in the morning, hair cut in the morning, look at that braid, brother, have a look at the braid, look at that braid, brother, have a look at the braid, look at that braid, brother, have a look at the braid, say Jai Shri Ram [laughs] say Jai Shri Ram [laughs] say Jai Shri Ram [laughs] Jai Shri Ram, Jai Shri Ram, Jai Shri Ram, Jai Ranu ji, Jai Ranu ji, Jai Ranu ji, Jai Chopra ji, Jai Chopra ji, Jai Chopra ji, everything is great everything is great everything is great and everything is great, did you and everything is great, did you and everything is great, did you remember me, yes remember me, yes remember me, yes you think about it, I do remember, I don't, I am you think about it, I do remember, I don't, I am you think about it, I do remember, I don't, I am tired, papa, there was a lot of traffic, I have just come from Delhi, I will tired, papa, there was a lot of traffic, I have just come from Delhi, I will call me, I will come, call me, I will come, call me, I will come, would you have been troubled, then I said, why should I get would you have been troubled, then I said, why should I get would you have been troubled, then I said, why should I get troubled and I am feeling troubled and I am feeling troubled and I am feeling hungry. hungry. hungry. I knew that as soon as he comes he will say that he is feeling hungry.   It I knew that as soon as he comes he will say that he is feeling hungry.   It looks real. looks real. looks real. So everyone knows. So everyone knows. So everyone knows. Achha knows I am feeling hungry. Achha knows I am feeling hungry. Achha knows I am feeling hungry. No, it looks genuine, Papa.   The No, it looks genuine, Papa.   The No, it looks genuine, Papa.   The food is ready.   The food is ready.   The food is ready.   The same brother-in-law had come. same brother-in-law had come. same brother-in-law had come. I would leave early.  Brother-in-law has come.  Then I I would leave early.  Brother-in-law has come.  Then I I would leave early.  Brother-in-law has come.  Then I sat with brother-in-law for half an hour. sat with brother-in-law for half an hour. sat with brother-in-law for half an hour. Good. Good. Good. Then I left.  [laughter] The Then I left.  [laughter] The Then I left.  [laughter] The food is ready, son.   Are you food is ready, son.   Are you food is ready, son.   Are you ready? ready? ready? So come on guys let's change our clothes now.   We So come on guys let's change our clothes now.   We So come on guys let's change our clothes now.   We will eat something after that.  I am very tired too, friend. will eat something after that.  I am very tired too, friend. will eat something after that.  I am very tired too, friend. So the guys have just come So the guys have just come So the guys have just come into the kitchen and let's see what Papa has cooked. into the kitchen and let's see what Papa has cooked. into the kitchen and let's see what Papa has cooked. Here it seems to me that there is rice Here it seems to me that there is rice Here it seems to me that there is rice inside it.  Look brother, it is just rice and right now I inside it.  Look brother, it is just rice and right now I inside it.  Look brother, it is just rice and right now I feel that it has been made especially for me feel that it has been made especially for me feel that it has been made especially for me because I have not eaten any of it. because I have not eaten any of it. What are the other vegetables brother?  Rice.  How much rice comes What are the other vegetables brother?  Rice.  How much rice comes What are the other vegetables brother?  Rice.  How much rice comes to our house?  So come on brother, let's see the vegetables now.  It to our house?  So come on brother, let's see the vegetables now.  It to our house?  So come on brother, let's see the vegetables now.  It might have been kept in the fridge.  So guys, might have been kept in the fridge.  So guys, might have been kept in the fridge.  So guys, look here, Papa has made Rajma for me. look here, Papa has made Rajma for me. look here, Papa has made Rajma for me. Look at this, sir.  Come on, let's quickly Look at this, sir.  Come on, let's quickly Look at this, sir.  Come on, let's quickly heat the rajma rice and then eat. heat the rajma rice and then eat. heat the rajma rice and then eat. So hi guys good morning.  So guys it's the So hi guys good morning.  So guys it's the So hi guys good morning.  So guys it's the next day and I have just woken up and you next day and I have just woken up and you next day and I have just woken up and you know brother I was laughing last night.   Let's go know brother I was laughing last night.   Let's go know brother I was laughing last night.   Let's go inside the kitchen now.  Papa is inside the kitchen now.  Papa is inside the kitchen now.  Papa is cooking something, I do cooking something, I do cooking something, I do n't know if he is heating the food.  How are you sir? n't know if he is heating the food.  How are you sir? n't know if he is heating the food.  How are you sir? Good Morning. Good Morning. Good Morning. Good Morning.  Yes.  Good Morning.  What are you doing Good Morning.  Yes.  Good Morning.  What are you doing Good Morning.  Yes.  Good Morning.  What are you doing ?   I am just ?   I am just ?   I am just heating the food. heating the food. heating the food. So guys, what are you making here right now, So guys, what are you making here right now, So guys, what are you making here right now, dad? dad? dad? Lababdar Paneer. Lababdar Paneer. Lababdar Paneer. Paneer lababdar.   Yes. Paneer lababdar.   Yes. Paneer lababdar.   Yes. Here brother, check here dad.  He is Here brother, check here dad.  He is Here brother, check here dad.  He is making Paneer Lababdar.  This was the making Paneer Lababdar.  This was the making Paneer Lababdar.  This was the leftover gravy from yesterday. leftover gravy from yesterday. leftover gravy from yesterday. Just put cheese in it [laughs] Just put cheese in it [laughs] Just put cheese in it [laughs] put cheese in it. put cheese in it. put cheese in it. So guys, when I went to eat yesterday, there was some So guys, when I went to eat yesterday, there was some So guys, when I went to eat yesterday, there was some gravy left there and it remained gravy left there and it remained gravy left there and it remained in my car.  I don't remember.  Then in my car.  I don't remember.  Then in my car.  I don't remember.  Then I picked up the house.  I said there will be a I picked up the house.  I said there will be a I picked up the house.  I said there will be a smell in the car.  But Papa is smell in the car.  But Papa is smell in the car.  But Papa is saying this is okay?   Yes yes saying this is okay?   Yes yes saying this is okay?   Yes yes ok.   Are ok.   Are ok.   Are ? ? ? Ok.   That's Ok.   That's Ok.   That's ok.  Then Papa added more cheese to it.  The ok.  Then Papa added more cheese to it.  The ok.  Then Papa added more cheese to it.  The rest is rest is rest is complete. complete. complete. Come on brother, it's okay.  Paneer became Rababdar at home.  The Come on brother, it's okay.  Paneer became Rababdar at home.  The Come on brother, it's okay.  Paneer became Rababdar at home.  The rest of the kidney beans that were cooked last night are getting rest of the kidney beans that were cooked last night are getting rest of the kidney beans that were cooked last night are getting heated up.  What are you saying?   I heated up.  What are you saying?   I heated up.  What are you saying?   I brought some bread from my aunt.   Should I get brought some bread from my aunt.   Should I get brought some bread from my aunt.   Should I get bread from aunty? bread from aunty? bread from aunty? Yes. Yes. Yes. So come on guys, first go and get some bread from aunty. So come on guys, first go and get some bread from aunty. So come on guys, first go and get some bread from aunty. Is there a hut, aunty?   There Is there a hut, aunty?   There Is there a hut, aunty?   There is a hut.  Come to the hut.  It will take five minutes. is a hut.  Come to the hut.  It will take five minutes. is a hut.  Come to the hut.  It will take five minutes. Let me bring it.  So come on guys, I have just Let me bring it.  So come on guys, I have just Let me bring it.  So come on guys, I have just left the house and let's go to aunty's place and get some bread from her. left the house and let's go to aunty's place and get some bread from her. left the house and let's go to aunty's place and get some bread from her. So come on guys have just So come on guys have just So come on guys have just reached the cottage.  Aunty is coming now.  Let me introduce reached the cottage.  Aunty is coming now.  Let me introduce reached the cottage.  Aunty is coming now.  Let me introduce you to aunty.  Brother, aunt has come. you to aunty.  Brother, aunt has come. you to aunty.  Brother, aunt has come. Yes sir, how are you?  Are you ok?   I have come after Yes sir, how are you?  Are you ok?   I have come after Yes sir, how are you?  Are you ok?   I have come after seeing you.  Was sleeping.   Went seeing you.  Was sleeping.   Went seeing you.  Was sleeping.   Went upstairs twice.   Was upstairs twice.   Was upstairs twice.   Was I sleeping well? I sleeping well? I sleeping well? Yes.  Come on guys, I have just taken the bread from here.   Are you Yes.  Come on guys, I have just taken the bread from here.   Are you Yes.  Come on guys, I have just taken the bread from here.   Are you coming? coming? coming? Home in an hour.   Come on, come.  I Home in an hour.   Come on, come.  I Home in an hour.   Come on, come.  I will feed you delicious food.  One will feed you delicious food.  One will feed you delicious food.  One is fine.  Come fast. is fine.  Come fast. is fine.  Come fast. Today is Guru Maa's birthday. Today is Guru Maa's birthday. Today is Guru Maa's birthday. Okay then there is a Okay then there is a Okay then there is a satsang at Butiya in the evening.  Mother-in-law, please come. satsang at Butiya in the evening.  Mother-in-law, please come. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok.  Come on, Ok.  Come on, Ok.  Come on, you also come.  I am also you also come.  I am also you also come.  I am also going home in half an hour. going home in half an hour. going home in half an hour. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Come on guys, I have just reached home and have brought some bread Come on guys, I have just reached home and have brought some bread Come on guys, I have just reached home and have brought some bread too.  Come let's too.  Come let's too.  Come let's eat our food.  Here is Rajma. eat our food.  Here is Rajma. eat our food.  Here is Rajma. Rajma with paneer.  It is full of flavour. Rajma with paneer.  It is full of flavour. Rajma with paneer.  It is full of flavour. Lush cheese. Lush cheese. Lush cheese. What is? What is? What is? Lababdar Paneer.  What did you say earlier?   Overflowing Lababdar Paneer.  What did you say earlier?   Overflowing Lababdar Paneer.  What did you say earlier?   Overflowing rice overflowing rice overflowing rice overflowing paneer overflowing paneer overflowing paneer overflowing first class lachchadar parathas ok along with it first class lachchadar parathas ok along with it first class lachchadar parathas ok along with it plain roti paneer labab plain roti paneer labab paneer laba laba laba laba laba laba laba lab let's paneer laba laba laba laba laba laba laba lab let's paneer laba laba laba laba laba laba laba lab let's eat eat eat our royal food and our royal food and our royal food and tell me papa how is it taste the paneer laba tell me papa how is it taste the paneer laba tell me papa how is it taste the paneer laba labab and labab and labab and tell me how it is made I will tell me how it is made I will tell me how it is made I will tell you right now tell you right now tell you right now this was your daughter in law's favourite so I went to this was your daughter in law's favourite so I went to this was your daughter in law's favourite so I went to feed her something special feed her something special feed her something special ok yes yes I am ok yes yes I am ok yes yes I am not telling you not telling you not telling you what should I tell you it is added in Vogue I have what should I tell you it is added in Vogue I have what should I tell you it is added in Vogue I have not seen Vogue not seen Vogue not seen Vogue yes I have not seen Vogue then watch Vogue so yes I have not seen Vogue then watch Vogue so yes I have not seen Vogue then watch Vogue so you try eating this and then tell me have you added this green chilli you try eating this and then tell me have you added this green chilli you try eating this and then tell me have you added this green chilli I knew no no no it is I knew no no no it is I knew no no no it is from the back from the back yes yes yes I have added only paneer in it just taste it ok give a I have added only paneer in it just taste it ok give a I have added only paneer in it just taste it ok give a genuine review will you give it tomorrow will I give it tomorrow will I give it tomorrow will I give it now let it go now let it go now let it go ok it will go inside.  So what happened, let me go now.   It is ok it will go inside.  So what happened, let me go now.   It is well made.   It is well made.   It is well made.   It is well made, isn't it? well made, isn't it? well made, isn't it? Very good.   It is Very good.   It is Very good.   It is well made, isn't it?  Creamy-creamy good. well made, isn't it?  Creamy-creamy good. well made, isn't it?  Creamy-creamy good. So come on guys, let's eat too. So come on guys, let's eat too. So come on guys, let's eat too. I also put my food here.  So guys, I have just taken a I also put my food here.  So guys, I have just taken a I also put my food here.  So guys, I have just taken a bath and am ready.  So let me tell you what just happened to bath and am ready.  So let me tell you what just happened to bath and am ready.  So let me tell you what just happened to me.  Well, I have me.  Well, I have me.  Well, I have shown you everything at the end of the video. shown you everything at the end of the video. shown you everything at the end of the video. But let me tell you one small thing. But let me tell you one small thing. But let me tell you one small thing. Today we are saved brother.  There would have been a huge scam with us. Today we are saved brother.  There would have been a huge scam with us. Today we are saved brother.  There would have been a huge scam with us. Meaning all my accounts would have been emptied. Meaning all my accounts would have been emptied. Meaning all my accounts would have been emptied. All the money would be gone.  I got a call. All the money would be gone.  I got a call. All the money would be gone.  I got a call. He said that you have something on He said that you have something on He said that you have something on which will reduce your charge.  So which will reduce your charge.  So which will reduce your charge.  So go to Google and turn that thing on.  I will go to Google and turn that thing on.  I will go to Google and turn that thing on.  I will also play his recordings for you.  I have also play his recordings for you.  I have also play his recordings for you.  I have also recorded him and in the also recorded him and in the also recorded him and in the end he started abusing me.  All end he started abusing me.  All end he started abusing me.  All I can say is thank God that I can say is thank God that I can say is thank God that all the money was saved.  I didn't do those things. all the money was saved.  I didn't do those things. all the money was saved.  I didn't do those things. Meaning, I had come to know that Meaning, I had come to know that Meaning, I had come to know that someone was driving me crazy.  So I didn't go crazy. someone was driving me crazy.  So I didn't go crazy. someone was driving me crazy.  So I didn't go crazy. So I'm just showing you this so So I'm just showing you this so So I'm just showing you this so you can stay safe too.  Keep your family you can stay safe too.  Keep your family you can stay safe too.  Keep your family safe too.  It means sharing this as much as possible so that no safe too.  It means sharing this as much as possible so that no safe too.  It means sharing this as much as possible so that no one gets trapped in this scam. one gets trapped in this scam. one gets trapped in this scam. If you get a call from any bank, or if If you get a call from any bank, or if If you get a call from any bank, or if anything comes, then you simply say that we will get anything comes, then you simply say that we will get anything comes, then you simply say that we will get this thing done by going to the bank.  If someone does this thing done by going to the bank.  If someone does this thing done by going to the bank.  If someone does not have knowledge, if someone has knowledge then can not have knowledge, if someone has knowledge then can not have knowledge, if someone has knowledge then can I do it through net banking.  You I do it through net banking.  You I do it through net banking.  You tell me, I have turned on the tell me, I have turned on the tell me, I have turned on the bank's net banking.  How to stop this thing from there. bank's net banking.  How to stop this thing from there. bank's net banking.  How to stop this thing from there. But he was saying that go to Google and But he was saying that go to Google and But he was saying that go to Google and write this thing.  Write that thing.  So never do this thing. write this thing.  Write that thing.  So never do this thing. write this thing.  Write that thing.  So never do this thing. If any aunty ji is watching then If any aunty ji is watching then If any aunty ji is watching then give the phone to your son that if such a give the phone to your son that if such a give the phone to your son that if such a call comes from the bank then whoever in the house has call comes from the bank then whoever in the house has call comes from the bank then whoever in the house has knowledge then make him talk to them, but at that time knowledge then make him talk to them, but at that time knowledge then make him talk to them, but at that time I talked to him, handled the whole situation, I talked to him, handled the whole situation, I talked to him, handled the whole situation, none of my money was lost, so it is safe, none of my money was lost, so it is safe, none of my money was lost, so it is safe, we were saved from getting scammed, why Papa we were saved from getting scammed, why Papa we were saved from getting scammed, why Papa ji, ji, ji, yes sir, I yes sir, I yes sir, I also knew this, also knew this, also knew this, I have been a victim of it once, you have become a victim of it I have been a victim of it once, you have become a victim of it and and and how do I how do I how do I manage work in school, I was manage work in school, I was manage work in school, I was not going to deposit ₹00, I had not going to deposit ₹00, I had not going to deposit ₹00, I had deposited ₹00, is it true that deposited ₹00, is it true that deposited ₹00, is it true that your ₹00 disappeared from the bank. your ₹00 disappeared from the bank. your ₹00 disappeared from the bank. Yes, Yes, Yes, deposit the cash directly on FPay. I used to deposit the cash directly on FPay. I used to deposit the cash directly on FPay. I used to handle the school accounts. I got a handle the school accounts. I got a handle the school accounts. I got a call from my parents. call from my parents. call from my parents. Well, I got a Well, I got a Well, I got a call from him saying that I have to pay the fees.  You call from him saying that I have to pay the fees.  You call from him saying that I have to pay the fees.  You put ₹1. put ₹1. put ₹1. Ok, Ok, Ok, good.  So I put ₹1, good.  So I put ₹1, good.  So I put ₹1, okay. okay. okay. Exactly after three-four minutes the same call came.  I Exactly after three-four minutes the same call came.  I Exactly after three-four minutes the same call came.  I thought they were the same parents. thought they were the same parents. thought they were the same parents. I didn't use to do so much online then.   It's done.  It was I didn't use to do so much online then.   It's done.  It was I didn't use to do so much online then.   It's done.  It was three or four years ago.  I three or four years ago.  I three or four years ago.  I called a teacher from my school.   I called a teacher from my school.   I called a teacher from my school.   I said, Ma'am, these parents are saying this, said, Ma'am, these parents are saying this, said, Ma'am, these parents are saying this, first they told me to put ₹1. first they told me to put ₹1. first they told me to put ₹1. I put in ₹1.  Now he tells me to I put in ₹1.  Now he tells me to I put in ₹1.  Now he tells me to deposit Rs 10,000 in his account. deposit Rs 10,000 in his account. deposit Rs 10,000 in his account. Good. Good. Good. And I said, when they have to And I said, when they have to And I said, when they have to deposit the fees in our account, then why should we deposit the deposit the fees in our account, then why should we deposit the deposit the fees in our account, then why should we deposit the money in their account?  You should money in their account?  You should money in their account?  You should talk to this parent once because that madam had talk to this parent once because that madam had talk to this parent once because that madam had knowledge.  That madam used to operate the computer. knowledge.  That madam used to operate the computer. knowledge.  That madam used to operate the computer. Good. Good. Good. And that madam kept talking for so long.  She kept And that madam kept talking for so long.  She kept And that madam kept talking for so long.  She kept talking for so long.  With that man, I mean talking for so long.  With that man, I mean talking for so long.  With that man, I mean that man fooled that madam so much that he that man fooled that madam so much that he that man fooled that madam so much that he deposited the money, he deposited the money, he deposited the money, he deposited ₹00, deposited ₹00, deposited ₹00, yes he deposited the money, after that Jyoti yes he deposited the money, after that Jyoti yes he deposited the money, after that Jyoti ma'am brought her phone, started Google Pay in her phone too and ma'am brought her phone, started Google Pay in her phone too and ma'am brought her phone, started Google Pay in her phone too and asked her to tell the number, asked her to tell the number, asked her to tell the number, okay, you are okay, you are okay, you are depositing from her phone also, depositing from her phone also, depositing from her phone also, then then then I am telling her, ma'am, you tell me this, I am telling her, ma'am, you tell me this, I am telling her, ma'am, you tell me this, we have to collect the fees and we should deposit the money too, we have to collect the fees and we should deposit the money too, we have to collect the fees and we should deposit the money too, you are doing wrong, you are doing wrong, I mean you are doing wrong, you are doing wrong, I mean you are doing wrong, you are doing wrong, I mean I did not even do it, that madam I did not even do it, that madam I did not even do it, that madam planted me planted me planted me 2000, then it appeared to you, then that madam said, you have 2000, then it appeared to you, then that madam said, you have 2000, then it appeared to you, then that madam said, you have deposited it, then you two, deposited it, then you two, deposited it, then you two, then it appeared to me that why did you give the phone to that madam, then it appeared to me that why did you give the phone to that madam, then it appeared to me that why did you give the phone to that madam, and neither the madam was sitting comfortably inside, the and neither the madam was sitting comfortably inside, the and neither the madam was sitting comfortably inside, the principal ma'am and the other madam with her, principal ma'am and the other madam with her, principal ma'am and the other madam with her, they did not know about this, later they did not know about this, later they did not know about this, later one madam went and told her that one madam went and told her that one madam went and told her that money is going from the school phone, money is going from the school phone, money is going from the school phone, money is going from the school phone, okay, at okay, at okay, at first she remained sitting comfortably, she immediately first she remained sitting comfortably, she immediately first she remained sitting comfortably, she immediately came and said who deposited it, who deposited it, she was completely came and said who deposited it, who deposited it, she was completely came and said who deposited it, who deposited it, she was completely shocked, shocked, shocked, yes, then this plating would have been done in the school, yes, then this plating would have been done in the school, yes, then this plating would have been done in the school, then they would have said that the one who deposited it will then they would have said that the one who deposited it will then they would have said that the one who deposited it will pay it. pay it. pay it. Yes, that's it, Yes, that's it, Yes, that's it, this is the wrong thing.   It this is the wrong thing.   It this is the wrong thing.   It means that he also got Rs 5-7000 and the means that he also got Rs 5-7000 and the means that he also got Rs 5-7000 and the rest was for me.   It rest was for me.   It rest was for me.   It felt good felt good felt good as if 20,000 were gone. as if 20,000 were gone. as if 20,000 were gone. 20,000 are gone. 20,000 are gone. 20,000 are gone. After that, if any such call comes, I do After that, if any such call comes, I do After that, if any such call comes, I do not receive it. not receive it. not receive it. So guys, that's why I am telling you in this video So guys, that's why I am telling you in this video So guys, that's why I am telling you in this video that you all should stay safe from now on.  Look that you all should stay safe from now on.  Look that you all should stay safe from now on.  Look how aunty also spent money.  So I did how aunty also spent money.  So I did how aunty also spent money.  So I did not know that aunty also had such money invested.   Used to not know that aunty also had such money invested.   Used to live in Delhi. live in Delhi. live in Delhi. Well, I was in Delhi.  So brother guys, now you Well, I was in Delhi.  So brother guys, now you Well, I was in Delhi.  So brother guys, now you watch that video and then tell me that means he watch that video and then tell me that means he watch that video and then tell me that means he also abused me aunty. also abused me aunty. also abused me aunty. He kept it because you abused him.   No no, He kept it because you abused him.   No no, He kept it because you abused him.   No no, he abused me. he abused me. he abused me. Then he abused me and I also abused him. Then he abused me and I also abused him. Then he abused me and I also abused him. Why should we listen to abuses and pushes from anyone, you are first Why should we listen to abuses and pushes from anyone, you are first Why should we listen to abuses and pushes from anyone, you are first scamming us.  I mean, I scamming us.  I mean, I scamming us.  I mean, I say this, brother. say this, brother. say this, brother. How can anyone digest this money? How can anyone digest this money? How can anyone digest this money? You abused me.  Then he cut it off. You abused me.  Then he cut it off. You abused me.  Then he cut it off. Yes. Yes. Yes. Aunty, I am saying this, how can anyone digest this money Aunty, I am saying this, how can anyone digest this money Aunty, I am saying this, how can anyone digest this money ?  Meaning, after facing people's curses, he ?  Meaning, after facing people's curses, he blocked me, even blocked me, even blocked me, even my number was blocked.  Yes, I am my number was blocked.  Yes, I am my number was blocked.  Yes, I am saying this, how do people digest money after receiving curses. saying this, how do people digest money after receiving curses. Now this is everyone's own thinking. Now this is everyone's own thinking. Now this is everyone's own thinking. So guys, this thing affects your parents, So guys, this thing affects your parents, So guys, this thing affects your parents, your children, your sister, your wife. your children, your sister, your wife. your children, your sister, your wife. They get sick.  The money that They get sick.  The money that They get sick.  The money that you are earning like this, you have to invest that money on them. you are earning like this, you have to invest that money on them. you are earning like this, you have to invest that money on them. So I say that if you cause So I say that if you cause So I say that if you cause pain to someone's house, then pain to someone's house, then pain to someone's house, then pain will definitely come to your house too.  That's why I say pain will definitely come to your house too.  That's why I say pain will definitely come to your house too.  That's why I say earn money by doing good work.  One should earn money by doing good work.  One should earn money by doing good work.  One should never earn money by doing this work.  Why never earn money by doing this work.  Why never earn money by doing this work.  Why sir? sir? sir? Absolutely, this money Absolutely, this money goes away more than it comes.   It goes away more than it comes.   It goes away more than it comes.   It goes more than that. goes more than that. goes more than that. And we suffer more than that.   That's And we suffer more than that.   That's And we suffer more than that.   That's correct. correct. correct. Bye guys, you watch the video and then Bye guys, you watch the video and then Bye guys, you watch the video and then tell us in the comments what you would like to say about this thing. tell us in the comments what you would like to say about this thing. tell us in the comments what you would like to say about this thing. Say. Say. Say. Yes.  Can you tell me again what you were saying? Yes.  Can you tell me again what you were saying? Yes.  Can you tell me again what you were saying? Moto service sir.  Moto service, which Moto service sir.  Moto service, which Moto service sir.  Moto service, which service is this? service is this? service is this? Moto service if you pay by international fly ticket Moto service if you pay by international fly ticket Moto service if you pay by international fly ticket or dollar VLP or dollar VLP or dollar VLP card. card. card. Well, there Well, there Well, there is service available for them, sir.  If this card is service available for them, sir.  If this card is service available for them, sir.  If this card remains active then its annual charge is remains active then its annual charge is remains active then its annual charge is ₹3948. ₹3948. Well, if I talk to customer care then Well, if I talk to customer care then Well, if I talk to customer care then they will not have any knowledge about this thing. they will not have any knowledge about this thing. they will not have any knowledge about this thing. How can there be no knowledge, sir?  I am telling you that How can there be no knowledge, sir?  I am telling you that How can there be no knowledge, sir?  I am telling you that look, when you got the card delivered, look, when you got the card delivered, look, when you got the card delivered, yes, at that yes, at that yes, at that time a mail was sent to you sir, but time a mail was sent to you sir, but time a mail was sent to you sir, but you did not give confirmation of the mail, that is you did not give confirmation of the mail, that is you did not give confirmation of the mail, that is why the last attempted call was made, if why the last attempted call was made, if why the last attempted call was made, if your on the call vacant team is your on the call vacant team is your on the call vacant team is not sent a mail, then not sent a mail, then not sent a mail, then your bill will be generated here within 15 minutes your bill will be generated here within 15 minutes your bill will be generated here within 15 minutes sir, I am saying that you will be able to sir, I am saying that you will be able to sir, I am saying that you will be able to stop the service through customer care, but stop the service through customer care, but stop the service through customer care, but you will have to pay their annual charge you will have to pay their annual charge you will have to pay their annual charge sir, sir, sir, well, if you get it stopped then it will not be applicable to well, if you get it stopped then it will not be applicable to well, if you get it stopped then it will not be applicable to me. me. me. Yes, if you do it from here then you will not be charged Yes, if you do it from here then you will not be charged Yes, if you do it from here then you will not be charged sir.   Are you sir.   Are you sir.   Are you listening? listening? listening? Good sir. Good sir. Good sir. So what should I do now, should I continue the service So what should I do now, should I continue the service So what should I do now, should I continue the service or disable it, sir? or disable it, sir? or disable it, sir? Where are you speaking from?   Did you Where are you speaking from?   Did you see your mother [sound of clearing throat] what a fraud she see your mother [sound of clearing throat] what a fraud she see your mother [sound of clearing throat] what a fraud she is, Papa?  And how was he abusing?   It is, Papa?  And how was he abusing?   It is, Papa?  And how was he abusing?   It was a fraud.   Isn't it was a fraud.   Isn't it was a fraud.   Isn't it ?  He had understood that he was not mad. ?  He had understood that he was not mad. ?  He had understood that he was not mad. Yes Yes Yes guys, if this is the number then you should keep calling it and guys, if this is the number then you should keep calling it and guys, if this is the number then you should keep calling it and disturb me.  Meaning, if anyone receives this call, it is a disturb me.  Meaning, if anyone receives this call, it is a disturb me.  Meaning, if anyone receives this call, it is a fake call.  You see, he fake call.  You see, he fake call.  You see, he even abused me and he was even abused me and he was even abused me and he was driving me crazy by calling me for a long time. driving me crazy by calling me for a long time. Ask him where he is from?  Will cut it in a minute. Ask him where he is from?  Will cut it in a minute. Ask him where he is from?  Will cut it in a minute. Hey, I have told him the same thing before. Hey, I have told him the same thing before. Hey, I have told him the same thing before. Why are you driving me crazy? Why are you driving me crazy? Why are you driving me crazy? Yes.   Isn't it Yes.   Isn't it Yes.   Isn't it ? ? ? He understood, right?  So guys, if I had continued to do as he He understood, right?  So guys, if I had continued to do as he He understood, right?  So guys, if I had continued to do as he said, said, said, my credit card would have been completely my credit card would have been completely my credit card would have been completely emptied at that very moment and I understood this, there is nothing emptied at that very moment and I understood this, there is nothing emptied at that very moment and I understood this, there is nothing that customer that customer that customer care does not have knowledge of, the credit card care does not have knowledge of, the credit card care does not have knowledge of, the credit card department does not have knowledge, I department does not have knowledge, I department does not have knowledge, I talked to him, then I said to him, brother, why are you talked to him, then I said to him, brother, why are you talked to him, then I said to him, brother, why are you making me mad, I know everything, from where the making me mad, I know everything, from where the making me mad, I know everything, from where the call is coming and from where it is not, he disconnected my call, call is coming and from where it is not, he disconnected my call, call is coming and from where it is not, he disconnected my call, then I called him again, now then I called him again, now then I called him again, now this, and then I saw his video, which you just this, and then I saw his video, which you just this, and then I saw his video, which you just saw, you must have heard the entire recording of this, he was giving saw, you must have heard the entire recording of this, he was giving saw, you must have heard the entire recording of this, he was giving me advice like this me advice like this me advice like this and in the end, while disconnecting the call, he abused me and went away, and in the end, while disconnecting the call, he abused me and went away, brother, these mad people think that the world is mad, brother, these mad people think that the world is mad, brother, these mad people think that the world is mad, brother, it is a blessing to God that no one is brother, it is a blessing to God that no one is brother, it is a blessing to God that no one is wise in these things, like wise in these things, like wise in these things, like I have been using credit card for a long time I have been using credit card for a long time I have been using credit card for a long time and I have knowledge about and I have knowledge about and I have knowledge about how the call comes from customer care, when it comes, how the call comes from customer care, when it comes, how the call comes from customer care, when it comes, what to talk about, how to talk about it what to talk about, how to talk about it what to talk about, how to talk about it and how they answer from the front, so and how they answer from the front, so and how they answer from the front, so I caught some things about it, then I caught some things about it, then I caught some things about it, then I understood.  This is thanks to God, I understood.  This is thanks to God, I understood.  This is thanks to God, brother.  I survived.  So that's why I am showing you this in the video.  If brother.  I survived.  So that's why I am showing you this in the video.  If you ever get such a call in the future, then you ever get such a call in the future, then you ever get such a call in the future, then clear everything first.  If it doesn't happen then go and clear everything first.  If it doesn't happen then go and clear everything first.  If it doesn't happen then go and visit your bank.  From there you can visit your bank.  From there you can visit your bank.  From there you can talk to customer care.  So brother, this unknown number was talk to customer care.  So brother, this unknown number was talk to customer care.  So brother, this unknown number was first of all a normal number.  Such first of all a normal number.  Such first of all a normal number.  Such calls never come from the bank.  The bank number also calls never come from the bank.  The bank number also calls never come from the bank.  The bank number also starts with something like 01 1.  So brother, you must take starts with something like 01 1.  So brother, you must take starts with something like 01 1.  So brother, you must take care of yourself.  That's why I care of yourself.  That's why I care of yourself.  That's why I showed you this thing and I swear brother, I was saved. showed you this thing and I swear brother, I was saved. showed you this thing and I swear brother, I was saved. I did not listen to any of this.  I had I did not listen to any of this.  I had I did not listen to any of this.  I had opened my net banking.  I said, opened my net banking.  I said, opened my net banking.  I said, tell me in net banking, where will it be done now tell me in net banking, where will it be done now tell me in net banking, where will it be done now ?  He told me to go to Google and ?  He told me to go to Google and ?  He told me to go to Google and search this.  When he told me, search this.  When he told me, search this.  When he told me, Papa, go to Google and search this. Papa, go to Google and search this. Papa, go to Google and search this. I caught him at that very moment and said, brother, this I caught him at that very moment and said, brother, this I caught him at that very moment and said, brother, this guy is fake and he is making me crazy. guy is fake and he is making me crazy. guy is fake and he is making me crazy. Papa was sleeping over there.  Got up on dad. Papa was sleeping over there.  Got up on dad. Papa was sleeping over there.  Got up on dad. Hearing the voice, father says, don't do this, you are driving me crazy. Hearing the voice, father says, don't do this, you are driving me crazy. Hearing the voice, father says, don't do this, you are driving me crazy. I said, Papa, I have also understood. I said, Papa, I have also understood. I said, Papa, I have also understood. So in the end when I asked him, So in the end when I asked him, So in the end when I asked him, where are you calling from?  Papa where are you calling from?  Papa where are you calling from?  Papa told me to ask him from where are you speaking?  When told me to ask him from where are you speaking?  When told me to ask him from where are you speaking?  When I asked him, where are you calling from?  And he is I asked him, where are you calling from?  And he is I asked him, where are you calling from?  And he is abusing me.  So brother, call this number abusing me.  So brother, call this number abusing me.  So brother, call this number so much.  Calling so much will drive him crazy. so much.  Calling so much will drive him crazy. so much.  Calling so much will drive him crazy. He himself might go mad.  He should know about the person who abused him.   It is He himself might go mad.  He should know about the person who abused him.   It is not necessary that you will receive a call from this number. not necessary that you will receive a call from this number. not necessary that you will receive a call from this number. Yes, it is not necessary that you will also receive a Yes, it is not necessary that you will also receive a Yes, it is not necessary that you will also receive a call from this number.  The call can come from any number. call from this number.  The call can come from any number. So brother, you be careful.  Don't share. So brother, you be careful.  Don't share. So brother, you be careful.  Don't share. Brother, never share your OTP number with anyone. Brother, never share your OTP number with anyone. Brother, never share your OTP number with anyone. Never share your account number.  Don't Never share your account number.  Don't Never share your account number.  Don't share anything.  If anyone gave me even a single share anything.  If anyone gave me even a single share anything.  If anyone gave me even a single detail, it was all detail, it was all detail, it was all empty.   The empty.   The empty.   The entire account is empty.   Well, at least entire account is empty.   Well, at least entire account is empty.   Well, at least I survived.  I hope that you also take I survived.  I hope that you also take I survived.  I hope that you also take care of yourself and you also remain safe.   Take care of yourself and you also remain safe.   Take care of yourself and you also remain safe.   Take care. care. care. Guys I hope you have seen the video. Guys I hope you have seen the video. Guys I hope you have seen the video. So let's end this topic here. So let's end this topic here. So let's end this topic here. I just came from Delhi. I just came from Delhi. I just came from Delhi. Pinnu Bhabhi from Delhi had given me a lot of mango Pinnu Bhabhi from Delhi had given me a lot of mango Pinnu Bhabhi from Delhi had given me a lot of mango papads.  So let's make aunty papads.  So let's make aunty papads.  So let's make aunty try it now and also make dad try it. try it now and also make dad try it. try it now and also make dad try it. And along with that, brother, look, I have And along with that, brother, look, I have And along with that, brother, look, I have also brought a water bottle which has also brought a water bottle which has also brought a water bottle which has mango papads with full chillies.  But it mango papads with full chillies.  But it mango papads with full chillies.  But it is very tasty brother.  To be honest, it is a number one test. is very tasty brother.  To be honest, it is a number one test. is very tasty brother.  To be honest, it is a number one test. So we will get aunty tested and father So we will get aunty tested and father So we will get aunty tested and father also tested.  We will see how their reactions will be. also tested.  We will see how their reactions will be. also tested.  We will see how their reactions will be. So guys check here.  I So guys check here.  I So guys check here.  I have some three different mango papads here. have some three different mango papads here. have some three different mango papads here. One is this, one is this, one is this.  Aunty, do One is this, one is this, one is this.  Aunty, do One is this, one is this, one is this.  Aunty, do you like mango papad by the way? you like mango papad by the way? you like mango papad by the way? I like mango papad.  But I like mango papad.  But I like mango papad.  But now he is saying that Pinu Bhabhi has sent it. now he is saying that Pinu Bhabhi has sent it. now he is saying that Pinu Bhabhi has sent it. Yes. Yes. Yes. That too with chillies.   The That too with chillies.   The That too with chillies.   The chilli one. chilli one. chilli one. No, Bhabhi and I had just gone to Darjeeling for a No, Bhabhi and I had just gone to Darjeeling for a No, Bhabhi and I had just gone to Darjeeling for a trip, so I brought him from there. trip, so I brought him from there. trip, so I brought him from there. Now, there is Now, there is Now, there is chilli in it.  But aunty, it is so sour, oh yes yes, it is so chilli in it.  But aunty, it is so sour, oh yes yes, it is so chilli in it.  But aunty, it is so sour, oh yes yes, it is so juicy.  What fun it will be, juicy.  What fun it will be, juicy.  What fun it will be, Papa.  If you want to feed me this now. Papa.  If you want to feed me this now. Papa.  If you want to feed me this now. Yes. Yes. Yes. You cannot imagine where my tears will fall. You cannot imagine where my tears will fall. You cannot imagine where my tears will fall. No no, I have brought that water No no, I have brought that water No no, I have brought that water with you. with you. with you. Papa tells me this Shalu, there Papa tells me this Shalu, there Papa tells me this Shalu, there is chilli in the vegetable. is chilli in the vegetable. is chilli in the vegetable. I don't touch him.  No matter how I don't touch him.  No matter how I don't touch him.  No matter how tasty the vegetable is.  I don't touch it.  I ca tasty the vegetable is.  I don't touch it.  I ca tasty the vegetable is.  I don't touch it.  I ca n't eat chillies.  Should I always n't eat chillies.  Should I always n't eat chillies.  Should I always feed Papa and then Aunty or not?   Get the feed Papa and then Aunty or not?   Get the feed Papa and then Aunty or not?   Get the test done. test done. test done. Do the test. Do the test. Do the test. How much sugar should be consumed in moderation? How much sugar should be consumed in moderation? How much sugar should be consumed in moderation? Yellow.  Do this light test. Yellow.  Do this light test. Yellow.  Do this light test. slightly.   Just slightly.   Just slightly.   Just look at it, how many chillies are visible. look at it, how many chillies are visible. Hey, do a little test today.  You will enjoy Hey, do a little test today.  You will enjoy Hey, do a little test today.  You will enjoy eating it. eating it. eating it. My mouth is watering right now. My mouth is watering right now. My mouth is watering right now. Eat only two at this place. Eat only two at this place. Eat only two at this place. Eat, eat, friend.  I have eaten it.  You test it. Eat, eat, friend.  I have eaten it.  You test it. Eat, eat, friend.  I have eaten it.  You test it. Look at the chillies in it.   Take Look at the chillies in it.   Take Look at the chillies in it.   Take some.  You're also breaking so much some.  You're also breaking so much some.  You're also breaking so much [laughs]. [laughs]. [laughs]. Brother, let us know how it tastes after eating it.   Take it and Brother, let us know how it tastes after eating it.   Take it and taste it. Yes, no, I am not. Is there no, I am not. Is there no, I am not. Is there not even that much chilli? Aunty, not even that much chilli? Aunty, not even that much chilli? Aunty, eat the chilli, eat it, eat the chilli, eat it, eat the chilli, eat it, eat it, eat it, eat it, tears will come out. No tears will come out. No tears will come out. No one will shed tears. First you eat this, Papa, one will shed tears. First you eat this, Papa, one will shed tears. First you eat this, Papa, I ate it, I don't eat this. I ate it, I don't eat this. I ate it, I don't eat this. Hey, eat it, why don't you eat it? Hey, eat it, why don't you eat it? What has happened What has happened What has happened Shivam, I can't eat chillies, there are Shivam, I can't eat chillies, there are Shivam, I can't eat chillies, there are so many chillies, at least eat so many chillies, at least eat so many chillies, at least eat this. Why are you not eating it this. Why are you not eating it this. Why are you not eating it ?   I can ?   I can ?   I can see the chillies.   Please see the chillies.   Please see the chillies.   Please eat a little.  Don't eat a little.  Don't eat a little.  Don't eat too little.  There are a lot of chillies. eat too little.  There are a lot of chillies. eat too little.  There are a lot of chillies. Eat a little.  Eat according to taste.   There are Eat a little.  Eat according to taste.   There are Eat a little.  Eat according to taste.   There are really a lot of chillies.   It's really a lot of chillies.   It's really a lot of chillies.   It's not that much, Papa.  I ate, look at you. not that much, Papa.  I ate, look at you. not that much, Papa.  I ate, look at you. Spicy is spicy, yet we eat it even when there is Spicy is spicy, yet we eat it even when there is Spicy is spicy, yet we eat it even when there is no food. Ouch, Ouch, Ouch, not good.  I did not get pleasure. not good.  I did not get pleasure. not good.  I did not get pleasure. Tell me it's genuine. Tell me it's genuine. Tell me it's genuine. Tart taste.   It Tart taste.   It Tart taste.   It 's sour [laughs] isn't it? Chili is fine. Chili is fine. Chili is fine. The chili is fine, but the sour is so good. The chili is fine, but the sour is so good. The chili is fine, but the sour is so good. Aunty, look brother, she is drinking water, Aunty, look brother, she is drinking water, Aunty, look brother, she is drinking water, how did you like it?   It how did you like it?   It how did you like it?   It is very sour.   To is very sour.   To is very sour.   To show your eyes.  Papa's eyes are filled with tears. show your eyes.  Papa's eyes are filled with tears. show your eyes.  Papa's eyes are filled with tears. Come on sir.  Let's open another one now. Come on sir.  Let's open another one now. Come on sir.  Let's open another one now. They are fed by others. They are fed by others. They are fed by others. We cannot eat this brother.  I can't eat it. We cannot eat this brother.  I can't eat it. We cannot eat this brother.  I can't eat it. This is amazing.  Try eating this.  Papa, This is amazing.  Try eating this.  Papa, This is amazing.  Try eating this.  Papa, try eating it.  It is a little open from here. try eating it.  It is a little open from here. try eating it.  It is a little open from here. Look how hot it is. Look how hot it is. Look how hot it is. I am not eating.  It doesn't look like that.   It does I am not eating.  It doesn't look like that.   It does I am not eating.  It doesn't look like that.   It does n't seem so.  Aunty, take some water and n't seem so.  Aunty, take some water and n't seem so.  Aunty, take some water and drink only this much. drink only this much. drink only this much. Try eating this much.   It is sugar.   It's worth a is sugar.   It's worth a is sugar.   It's worth a test since he's come from so far. test since he's come from so far. test since he's come from so far. Eat the whole sugar container.  It is made from test. Eat the whole sugar container.  It is made from test. Look at this dad, he is eating so much.  This is Look at this dad, he is eating so much.  This is Look at this dad, he is eating so much.  This is not even shown.  He was beaten up quickly. This is sweet. This is sweet. This is sweet. Neither will the sour taste sour.   There Neither will the sour taste sour.   There Neither will the sour taste sour.   There are chillies, are chillies, are chillies, why are you checking this too?  Eat it by sucking it a little like this. why are you checking this too?  Eat it by sucking it a little like this. How did you like this?  It is sour.  It also How did you like this?  It is sour.  It also How did you like this?  It is sour.  It also tastes sour later.  Aunty tastes sour later.  Aunty tastes sour later.  Aunty spoiled the taste of papad by drinking water.   I am spoiled the taste of papad by drinking water.   I am spoiled the taste of papad by drinking water.   I am unable to eat.  If I swallow it, it will be unable to eat.  If I swallow it, it will be unable to eat.  If I swallow it, it will be fine. fine. fine. Look at this Baba's face [laughs]. Look at King.   There are Look at King.   There are Look at King.   There are full chillies.  Shabbu, full chillies.  Shabbu, full chillies.  Shabbu, how did you like this?   It how did you like this?   It how did you like this?   It is chilli.  It is chilli.  Papa is also saying it is is chilli.  It is chilli.  Papa is also saying it is is chilli.  It is chilli.  Papa is also saying it is chilli.  Want to try this one?   to do. chilli.  Want to try this one?   to do. chilli.  Want to try this one?   to do. Not doing it.  [laughter] Not doing it.  [laughter] Not doing it.  [laughter] Oh Oh Oh what?   I have what?   I have what?   I have this much chilli.  You know I ca this much chilli.  You know I ca this much chilli.  You know I ca n't eat chillies.  You said you should n't eat chillies.  You said you should n't eat chillies.  You said you should taste it a little, you drank a lot of water yesterday, I'll do it right now taste it a little, you drank a lot of water yesterday, I'll do it right now taste it a little, you drank a lot of water yesterday, I'll do it right now Binu Binu Binu Binu, you won't get it at all Bhabhi is in Vietnam, Binu, you won't get it at all Bhabhi is in Vietnam, Binu, you won't get it at all Bhabhi is in Vietnam, this was coming, it was this was coming, it was this was coming, it was coming good, coming good, coming good, yes yes yes Paras's, Paras's, Paras's, yes let's yes let's yes let's talk to Paras right now, I'll talk to Paras right now, I'll talk to Paras right now, I'll threaten you, threaten you, threaten you, what's the point of threatening him, did he tell what's the point of threatening him, did he tell what's the point of threatening him, did he tell you, eat it, did you you, eat it, did you you, eat it, did you bring something sweet and sour from wherever you went bring something sweet and sour from wherever you went bring something sweet and sour from wherever you went This time khat, this time I gave him chilli This time khat, this time I gave him chilli This time khat, this time I gave him chilli but papa the taste is not number one, but papa the taste is not number one, but papa the taste is not number one, tell me genuine, eat this mango papad, sweet and sour, it is tell me genuine, eat this mango papad, sweet and sour, it is tell me genuine, eat this mango papad, sweet and sour, it is completely burnt, completely burnt, completely burnt, this is the authentic taste brother, to tell you the truth, this is the authentic taste brother, to tell you the truth, this is the authentic taste brother, to tell you the truth, these are number one papa, and the balls look like full these are number one papa, and the balls look like full these are number one papa, and the balls look like full chilli balls chilli balls chilli balls brother, don't eat it at night, it will turn out good in the brother, don't eat it at night, it will turn out good in the brother, don't eat it at night, it will turn out good in the morning morning morning Lal Chalu Lal Chalu Lal Chalu hi hi hi lalal only, lalal only, lalal only, hi big chilli hi big chilli hi big chilli aunty is saying hi hi, come on, she doesn't feel like it, she has tried aunty is saying hi hi, come on, she doesn't feel like it, she has tried two, she doesn't even have the two, she doesn't even have the two, she doesn't even have the courage to get up to try the third one, courage to get up to try the third one, courage to get up to try the third one, no, no, no, you eat the third one, you eat the third one, you eat the third one, okay, I'll take it, okay, I'll take it, okay brother, I'll leave this aside, yes sir, okay brother, I'll leave this aside, yes sir, okay brother, I'll leave this aside, yes sir, how are you, everything is how are you, everything is how are you, everything is fine, fine, fine.   Are you fine, fine, fine.   Are you fine, fine, fine.   Are you ok? ok? ok? very nice. very nice. very nice. So guys, I had placed an order here. So guys, I had placed an order here. So guys, I had placed an order here. So guess what will be inside it? So guess what will be inside it? Guess yes inside this. Guess yes inside this. Guess yes inside this. Guess order you ordered.  Guess will. Guess order you ordered.  Guess will. Guess order you ordered.  Guess will. Ordered in front. Ordered in front. Ordered in front. You guess.  Let us go. You guess.  Let us go. You guess.  Let us go. What should I guess, friend? What should I guess, friend? What should I guess, friend? Whoever guesses, I will take him on a trip. Whoever guesses, I will take him on a trip. Whoever guesses, I will take him on a trip. We can't guess. We can't guess. We can't guess. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. Show me.  You could have checked it and told me, friend.   should I Show me.  You could have checked it and told me, friend.   should I Show me.  You could have checked it and told me, friend.   should I read it?  Don't read without reading. read it?  Don't read without reading. read it?  Don't read without reading. Brother, I have brought the order.  I Brother, I have brought the order.  I Brother, I have brought the order.  I know it. know it. know it. How do you know, friend?  He brought the order.  It is How do you know, friend?  He brought the order.  It is How do you know, friend?  He brought the order.  It is not possible to find out like this. not possible to find out like this. not possible to find out like this. You got to know it in the packaging. You got to know it in the packaging. You got to know it in the packaging. I had read it.   I had I had read it.   I had I had read it.   I had read it.  Where did you read it from? read it.  Where did you read it from? read it.  Where did you read it from? Everything is written.   Leave it. Everything is written.   Leave it. Everything is written.   Leave it. Tell me what then? Tell me what then? Tell me what then? I will tell you later. I will tell you later. I will tell you later. Tell. Tell. Tell. Yes.  It is desi ghee.   Are Yes.  It is desi ghee.   Are Yes.  It is desi ghee.   Are ?   It ?   It ?   It is desi ghee.   It is desi ghee.   It is desi ghee.   It is desi ghee. is desi ghee. is desi ghee. Yes.   I have Yes.   I have Yes.   I have ordered Desi Ghee online.   I have ordered Desi Ghee online.   I have ordered Desi Ghee online.   I have ordered Desi Ghee online. ordered Desi Ghee online. ordered Desi Ghee online. Who orders desi ghee online? Who orders desi ghee online? Who orders desi ghee online? Will eat desi ghee.  It will become desi. Will eat desi ghee.  It will become desi. Will eat desi ghee.  It will become desi. So guys, I have ordered ghee online, that is, I have So guys, I have ordered ghee online, that is, I have So guys, I have ordered ghee online, that is, I have ordered pure, absolutely desi ghee. ordered pure, absolutely desi ghee. ordered pure, absolutely desi ghee. So let's open it now and see how it is. So let's open it now and see how it is. So let's open it now and see how it is. That's why I have kept you sitting here. That's why I have kept you sitting here. That's why I have kept you sitting here. You know, you have some knowledge about desi You know, you have some knowledge about desi You know, you have some knowledge about desi ghee.   I do ghee.   I do ghee.   I do see the knowledge. see the knowledge. see the knowledge. Why has some aunt come from the village?  [laughter] Why has some aunt come from the village?  [laughter] Why has some aunt come from the village?  [laughter] Knowledge is there.   She has been Knowledge is there.   She has been Knowledge is there.   She has been living in the village for 14 years. living in the village for 14 years. living in the village for 14 years. Yes. Yes. Yes. Rati stays in school.  She lives a little in the village. Rati stays in school.  She lives a little in the village. Then [sound of clearing throat] the Then [sound of clearing throat] the Then [sound of clearing throat] the knowledge goes away.  So knowledge goes away.  So knowledge goes away.  So someone extracts ghee from it.   Okay, no problem. someone extracts ghee from it.   Okay, no problem. someone extracts ghee from it.   Okay, no problem. Even by looking at it, mothers know that they have Even by looking at it, mothers know that they have Even by looking at it, mothers know that they have knowledge about this thing.   The knowledge about this thing.   The knowledge about this thing.   The father also experiences it.   The father also experiences it.   The father also experiences it.   The father does not have it.   No father does not have it.   No father does not have it.   No one would have extracted as much butter as the Father has. one would have extracted as much butter as the Father has. Let me bring the knife.  Then we open it. Let me bring the knife.  Then we open it. Let me bring the knife.  Then we open it. So come on guys, we didn't find the knife. So come on guys, we didn't find the knife. So come on guys, we didn't find the knife. I just brought the spoon. I just brought the spoon. I just brought the spoon. Aunty, I don't know what all I might reveal with this.  Should I open the door?   There are knives lying in front, friend. knives lying in front, friend. knives lying in front, friend. Hey, this will open it too, friend. Hey, this will open it too, friend. Hey, this will open it too, friend. You hold on to it.  So guys, here You hold on to it.  So guys, here You hold on to it.  So guys, here our ghee has just been unboxed, yes the box means it has been opened, I have just kept it with me, our ghee has just been unboxed, yes the box means it has been opened, I have just kept it with me, then aunty it is very expensive too, then aunty it is very expensive too, then aunty it is very expensive too, look at this look at this look at this and guys look here, what a lovely box and guys look here, what a lovely box and guys look here, what a lovely box I have ordered, I mean ghee, it is I have ordered, I mean ghee, it is I have ordered, I mean ghee, it is very beautiful, let me very beautiful, let me very beautiful, let me show you, the dolu looks so nice, just give it a try, show you, the dolu looks so nice, just give it a try, show you, the dolu looks so nice, just give it a try, brother, how brother, how brother, how nice it is, is it also heavy, is the nice it is, is it also heavy, is the nice it is, is it also heavy, is the quality good, I said brother, you are quality good, I said brother, you are quality good, I said brother, you are ordering ghee, along with that the dolu is also coming for free, so will it ordering ghee, along with that the dolu is also coming for free, so will it ordering ghee, along with that the dolu is also coming for free, so will it not be useful at home.  Chota not be useful at home.  Chota not be useful at home.  Chota Dolu Dolu Dolu is right.   The is right.   The is right.   The whole thing is stylish. whole thing is stylish. whole thing is stylish. Come on, open it and see what kind of ghee is inside it. Come on, open it and see what kind of ghee is inside it. Open it.   It is well air tight.  Oh it is.   Is it good.  Try it and see. good.  Try it and see. How do you do the nose test? How do you do the nose test? How do you do the nose test? You put your nose here and I am smelling the fragrance from here. You put your nose here and I am smelling the fragrance from here. Look how Papa is.  I ordered pure cow ghee brother.  Of Look how Papa is.  I ordered pure cow ghee brother.  Of Look how Papa is.  I ordered pure cow ghee brother.  Of Gir cow. Gir cow. Gir cow. I will drink this in the morning, one spoon in water, I will drink this in the morning, one spoon in water, you drink that Dalda oil you drink that Dalda oil you drink that Dalda oil [laughs] you [laughs] you [laughs] you rude person, drink mustard oil, will you drink such an expensive thing like this drink mustard oil, will you drink such an expensive thing like this drink mustard oil, will you drink such an expensive thing like this so guys, this bottle gourd is very expensive, ₹00 per so guys, this bottle gourd is very expensive, ₹00 per so guys, this bottle gourd is very expensive, ₹00 per litre has come, I have ordered 2 litres for litre has come, I have ordered 2 litres for litre has come, I have ordered 2 litres for ₹5000, this is for ₹5000, that is why it is ₹5000, this is for ₹5000, that is why it is ₹5000, this is for ₹5000, that is why it is smelling, friend smelling, friend smelling, friend brother, ₹000 is spent on the entire dolu. brother, ₹000 is spent on the entire dolu. brother, ₹000 is spent on the entire dolu. Okay Okay Okay Dolu, you will eat the ghee, Dolu, it will be useful to us. Dolu, you will eat the ghee, Dolu, it will be useful to us. Yes, Yes, Yes, come on brother, it come on brother, it come on brother, it is very good right now. is very good right now. is very good right now. Your mother is your mother, isn't it Sheehu? Your mother is your mother, isn't it Sheehu? Your mother is your mother, isn't it Sheehu? Your mother would have looked at the ghee Your mother would have looked at the ghee Your mother would have looked at the ghee first and then at Dolu Dolu, very good, first and then at Dolu Dolu, very good, first and then at Dolu Dolu, very good, Dolu would have been happy. Dolu would have been happy. Dolu would have been happy. Dolu is very good. Dolu is very good. Dolu is very good. Come on, turn it off now.  Sonu Come on, turn it off now.  Sonu Come on, turn it off now.  Sonu is very nice.  This is good ghee.   This is is very nice.  This is good ghee.   This is is very nice.  This is good ghee.   This is good ghee.  Come on brother. good ghee.  Come on brother. good ghee.  Come on brother. Even if it is cow ghee, it is not normal ghee.  This is the Even if it is cow ghee, it is not normal ghee.  This is the Even if it is cow ghee, it is not normal ghee.  This is the most important thing. most important thing. most important thing. Look at this brother.  Aunty is applying the test on my hands.   I will Look at this brother.  Aunty is applying the test on my hands.   I will Look at this brother.  Aunty is applying the test on my hands.   I will sleep with it on my face.   All this is sleep with it on my face.   All this is sleep with it on my face.   All this is coming out from here. coming out from here. coming out from here. A DB will be filled.  Keep it in the fridge.  It is A DB will be filled.  Keep it in the fridge.  It is A DB will be filled.  Keep it in the fridge.  It is very hot.  You should apply it on your face and sleep for two nights. very hot.  You should apply it on your face and sleep for two nights. very hot.  You should apply it on your face and sleep for two nights. Desi ghee. Desi ghee. Desi ghee. Good. Good. Good. Yes. Yes. Yes. Brother, look, I have taken a little one like this.   It has become Brother, look, I have taken a little one like this.   It has become Brother, look, I have taken a little one like this.   It has become so oily. so oily. so oily. Look how much it is, I had a little bit on my hand.   The Look how much it is, I had a little bit on my hand.   The meaning is right, isn't it, only one thing is meaning is right, isn't it, only one thing is meaning is right, isn't it, only one thing is visible. visible. visible. Papa, look, everything is coming out.  Keep it in the fridge. Papa, look, everything is coming out.  Keep it in the fridge. Papa, look, everything is coming out.  Keep it in the fridge. This will take it out from the This will take it out from the This will take it out from the fridge. fridge. fridge. They even packed it so big. They even packed it so big. They even packed it so big. Hey, now look, it is coming out. Hey, now look, it is coming out. Hey, now look, it is coming out. We loosened that and that's why it was We loosened that and that's why it was We loosened that and that's why it was stuck on it.   So stuck on it.   So stuck on it.   So now keep it in the fridge.  It will freeze a little.   As soon as I now keep it in the fridge.  It will freeze a little.   As soon as I now keep it in the fridge.  It will freeze a little.   As soon as I applied it, I started feeling intoxicated. applied it, I started feeling intoxicated. applied it, I started feeling intoxicated. Brother, look how much fragrance is coming. Brother, look how much fragrance is coming. Brother, look how much fragrance is coming. I think Papa doesn't like it.   Isn't it I think Papa doesn't like it.   Isn't it I think Papa doesn't like it.   Isn't it ? Yes, it is good.  Come on, keep it inside.   The Yes, it is good.  Come on, keep it inside.   The Yes, it is good.  Come on, keep it inside.   The packing is very packing is very packing is very good, isn't it? good, isn't it? good, isn't it? very nice. very nice. very nice. So guys, I have just come down and So guys, I have just come down and So guys, I have just come down and see what condition my scooter is in.   Are you see what condition my scooter is in.   Are you see what condition my scooter is in.   Are you seeing this, Aunty?   The seeing this, Aunty?   The condition of the entire house and the entire street is bad.  The condition of the entire house is condition of the entire house and the entire street is bad.  The condition of the entire house is condition of the entire house and the entire street is bad.  The condition of the entire house is bad.  These houses that are being built are because of this. bad.  These houses that are being built are because of this. bad.  These houses that are being built are because of this. Look at this scooter.  My scooter Look at this scooter.  My scooter Look at this scooter.  My scooter is parked in front of my house and houses are being built there. is parked in front of my house and houses are being built there. is parked in front of my house and houses are being built there. How is he coming this far, brother?   If How is he coming this far, brother?   If How is he coming this far, brother?   If you are doing it then please tell me friend. you are doing it then please tell me friend. you are doing it then please tell me friend. We will remove our scooter.   Didn't you We will remove our scooter.   Didn't you We will remove our scooter.   Didn't you see it?  So guys, now look at the condition of my see it?  So guys, now look at the condition of my see it?  So guys, now look at the condition of my scooter.  Look at this, all the soil below, scooter.  Look at this, all the soil below, scooter.  Look at this, all the soil below, all the soil ahead.  Brother has just cleaned it.  Let's all the soil ahead.  Brother has just cleaned it.  Let's all the soil ahead.  Brother has just cleaned it.  Let's clean it with water now.  Then it will get cleaned a little, clean it with water now.  Then it will get cleaned a little, clean it with water now.  Then it will get cleaned a little, otherwise the clothes will get dirty.  If you otherwise the clothes will get dirty.  If you otherwise the clothes will get dirty.  If you sit on this.  So guys, here you go, sit on this.  So guys, here you go, sit on this.  So guys, here you go, now that our scooter is a little clean, let's move on. now that our scooter is a little clean, let's move on. now that our scooter is a little clean, let's move on. So guys let's end this vlog right now So guys let's end this vlog right now So guys let's end this vlog right now and see you tomorrow and see you tomorrow and see you tomorrow in the next vlog.  If you like the vlog, please in the next vlog.  If you like the vlog, please in the next vlog.  If you like the vlog, please like, share and comment. like, share and comment. like, share and comment. Instagram link is given in the description. Instagram link is given in the description. Instagram link is given in the description. So guys, go quickly and So guys, go quickly and So guys, go quickly and follow me on Instagram.  Be sure to hype the rest of the video.  If you are follow me on Instagram.  Be sure to hype the rest of the video.  If you are follow me on Instagram.  Be sure to hype the rest of the video.  If you are new to the channel, new to the channel, new to the channel, please subscribe.  Bye guys see you tomorrow please subscribe.  Bye guys see you tomorrow please subscribe.  Bye guys see you tomorrow in the next vlog.  Bye till then, take care.