Hey guys, thank you so much for stopping
by today. I want to show you a
recreation that I did of the Ariana
Grande Break Free music video makeup
that she had on. This of course is my
own spin on it. I changed the lips a
little bit, but nonetheless, I hope you
guys enjoy it. So, let's get started.
So, the first step that I'm doing is
applying a face primer. This is going to
even out the skin surface, also fill in
any pores, and it's just going to make
your foundation go on a lot more
smoothly, and it's going to look more
flawless.
Next, you want to take your favorite
foundation. I didn't even realize this,
but this foundation actually does the
same thing as the primer, so they kind
of contradict each other.
But, with that being said, I'm still
going to apply this to my face. I'm
using a 109 brush by MAC just because I
really love how easily it blends it out
and gives me a really flawless full
coverage look.
Next, you want to conceal your under eye
circles if you do have any. I'm going to
use the Benefit Boi-ing concealer in
number two and apply this right
underneath my lash line and just bring
it down a little bit as well because I
also want it to brighten up this section
of the face.
But, primarily, I am going to use it as
a concealer.
So, now I'm taking the Airspun loose
face powder, and just a little tip to my
sister Yvette cuz you was wondering
where you can find this. I got mine at
CVS, and it's usually by the lashes way
at the bottom like tucked in. You really
have to look for it, but it's right
there. And next, I'm going to take a
bronzer and apply this to the contours
of my cheeks and also on the temples and
around the hairline to give my face a
really nice uh
sunlit natural glow. And also, it gives
the face more dimension, so it's not so
flat.
Next are the eyebrows. And for the
eyebrows, I'm using the Clean Cut Brow
Pencil by Sigma. It's a really natural
light brown shade of eye pencil, and it
just looks really great on lashes. And
you really want to make sure that for
this particular look, your lashes look
as natural as possible.
And now to set your eyebrows in place,
you want to take some brow wax and
gently just brush it over the hair. Uh
this also helps if you have some stray
hairs that don't want to, you know, stay
in place. Uh just place a little bit of
this wax right on top, and that will do
the trick. Now, for the eyes, I'm using
the Smoky Shadow Blast by CoverGirl
two-step process. I'm actually just
going to take step number one, which is
like a champagne gold, and apply this on
the eyelid space only, and all the way
up to the crease. This is going to be
the base for our next eyeshadow.
And now you want to take Bella
Cappuccino, which is a gel-to-powder
satin matte eyeshadow by Milani. And I'm
taking a blending brush, a really fluffy
one, and just applying this to the
crease and the brow bone. This is going
to be just a transitional color.
Now, the next color that I'm using is
called Shyra, and this is going to go
right on the eyelid space.
For eyeliner, I'm using the brown one
from this Physicians Formula trio, and
I'm taking an angled brush, and then
just working that eyeliner right along
the lash line, and also flicking it out.
This is such a great eyeliner. It's so
creamy, so easy to work with, and it's
brown, so it's very appropriate for
daytime.
Here, I'm just going to curl my lashes
just to give them a nice hold for the
mascara and the false lashes we're going
to be using pretty soon.
So, now for mascara, I'm using a colored
mascara in the color brown, and I'm just
going to give my top and bottom lashes a
few coats. You can also definitely leave
it as is without adding some false
lashes, but if you want to take it up an
extra step, I'm going to take some demi
wispy's and apply those right onto my
lashes.
So, now for the perfect lip combo, she
um I'm talking about Ariana, she had
matte sort of like a mauve purple tone
lip color, but I chose the Naked 2 lip
liner first, and I'm just going to um
outline my lips and then also fill them
in so I can have a really nice backdrop
for the lip gloss. And for the lip
gloss, I'm using the color Liar. It's a
beautiful, beautiful pink, and it just
goes smoothly on the lips. It's not
sticky, and it's also very nourishing on
the lips as well.
So, now you want to take some jewels and
dip the jewels just a little bit on
eyelash glue so it can adhere to your
skin. And just apply those right along
the edge of the winged eyeliner with
some tweezers.
Thank you so much for watching today's
makeup tutorial. I can't wait to see you
guys on my next one, and I am starting
off my next video with a Halloween
tutorial, so stay tuned for that, and I
will see you on my next video. Bye.
