Hey guys, thank you so much for stopping Hey guys, thank you so much for stopping Hey guys, thank you so much for stopping by today. I want to show you a by today. I want to show you a by today. I want to show you a recreation that I did of the Ariana recreation that I did of the Ariana recreation that I did of the Ariana Grande Break Free music video makeup Grande Break Free music video makeup Grande Break Free music video makeup that she had on. This of course is my that she had on. This of course is my that she had on. This of course is my own spin on it. I changed the lips a own spin on it. I changed the lips a own spin on it. I changed the lips a little bit, but nonetheless, I hope you little bit, but nonetheless, I hope you little bit, but nonetheless, I hope you guys enjoy it. So, let's get started. So, the first step that I'm doing is So, the first step that I'm doing is So, the first step that I'm doing is applying a face primer. This is going to applying a face primer. This is going to applying a face primer. This is going to even out the skin surface, also fill in even out the skin surface, also fill in even out the skin surface, also fill in any pores, and it's just going to make any pores, and it's just going to make any pores, and it's just going to make your foundation go on a lot more your foundation go on a lot more your foundation go on a lot more smoothly, and it's going to look more smoothly, and it's going to look more smoothly, and it's going to look more flawless. Next, you want to take your favorite Next, you want to take your favorite Next, you want to take your favorite foundation. I didn't even realize this, foundation. I didn't even realize this, foundation. I didn't even realize this, but this foundation actually does the but this foundation actually does the but this foundation actually does the same thing as the primer, so they kind same thing as the primer, so they kind same thing as the primer, so they kind of contradict each other. of contradict each other. of contradict each other. But, with that being said, I'm still But, with that being said, I'm still But, with that being said, I'm still going to apply this to my face. I'm going to apply this to my face. I'm going to apply this to my face. I'm using a 109 brush by MAC just because I using a 109 brush by MAC just because I using a 109 brush by MAC just because I really love how easily it blends it out really love how easily it blends it out really love how easily it blends it out and gives me a really flawless full and gives me a really flawless full and gives me a really flawless full coverage look. Next, you want to conceal your under eye Next, you want to conceal your under eye Next, you want to conceal your under eye circles if you do have any. I'm going to circles if you do have any. I'm going to circles if you do have any. I'm going to use the Benefit Boi-ing concealer in use the Benefit Boi-ing concealer in use the Benefit Boi-ing concealer in number two and apply this right number two and apply this right number two and apply this right underneath my lash line and just bring underneath my lash line and just bring underneath my lash line and just bring it down a little bit as well because I it down a little bit as well because I it down a little bit as well because I also want it to brighten up this section also want it to brighten up this section also want it to brighten up this section of the face. of the face. of the face. But, primarily, I am going to use it as But, primarily, I am going to use it as But, primarily, I am going to use it as a concealer. So, now I'm taking the Airspun loose So, now I'm taking the Airspun loose So, now I'm taking the Airspun loose face powder, and just a little tip to my face powder, and just a little tip to my face powder, and just a little tip to my sister Yvette cuz you was wondering sister Yvette cuz you was wondering sister Yvette cuz you was wondering where you can find this. I got mine at where you can find this. I got mine at where you can find this. I got mine at CVS, and it's usually by the lashes way CVS, and it's usually by the lashes way CVS, and it's usually by the lashes way at the bottom like tucked in. You really at the bottom like tucked in. You really at the bottom like tucked in. You really have to look for it, but it's right have to look for it, but it's right have to look for it, but it's right there. And next, I'm going to take a there. And next, I'm going to take a there. And next, I'm going to take a bronzer and apply this to the contours bronzer and apply this to the contours bronzer and apply this to the contours of my cheeks and also on the temples and of my cheeks and also on the temples and of my cheeks and also on the temples and around the hairline to give my face a around the hairline to give my face a around the hairline to give my face a really nice uh really nice uh really nice uh sunlit natural glow. And also, it gives sunlit natural glow. And also, it gives sunlit natural glow. And also, it gives the face more dimension, so it's not so the face more dimension, so it's not so the face more dimension, so it's not so flat. Next are the eyebrows. And for the Next are the eyebrows. And for the Next are the eyebrows. And for the eyebrows, I'm using the Clean Cut Brow eyebrows, I'm using the Clean Cut Brow eyebrows, I'm using the Clean Cut Brow Pencil by Sigma. It's a really natural Pencil by Sigma. It's a really natural Pencil by Sigma. It's a really natural light brown shade of eye pencil, and it light brown shade of eye pencil, and it light brown shade of eye pencil, and it just looks really great on lashes. And just looks really great on lashes. And just looks really great on lashes. And you really want to make sure that for you really want to make sure that for you really want to make sure that for this particular look, your lashes look this particular look, your lashes look this particular look, your lashes look as natural as possible. And now to set your eyebrows in place, And now to set your eyebrows in place, And now to set your eyebrows in place, you want to take some brow wax and you want to take some brow wax and you want to take some brow wax and gently just brush it over the hair. Uh gently just brush it over the hair. Uh gently just brush it over the hair. Uh this also helps if you have some stray this also helps if you have some stray this also helps if you have some stray hairs that don't want to, you know, stay hairs that don't want to, you know, stay hairs that don't want to, you know, stay in place. Uh just place a little bit of in place. Uh just place a little bit of in place. Uh just place a little bit of this wax right on top, and that will do this wax right on top, and that will do this wax right on top, and that will do the trick. Now, for the eyes, I'm using the trick. Now, for the eyes, I'm using the trick. Now, for the eyes, I'm using the Smoky Shadow Blast by CoverGirl the Smoky Shadow Blast by CoverGirl the Smoky Shadow Blast by CoverGirl two-step process. I'm actually just two-step process. I'm actually just two-step process. I'm actually just going to take step number one, which is going to take step number one, which is going to take step number one, which is like a champagne gold, and apply this on like a champagne gold, and apply this on like a champagne gold, and apply this on the eyelid space only, and all the way the eyelid space only, and all the way the eyelid space only, and all the way up to the crease. This is going to be up to the crease. This is going to be up to the crease. This is going to be the base for our next eyeshadow. And now you want to take Bella And now you want to take Bella And now you want to take Bella Cappuccino, which is a gel-to-powder Cappuccino, which is a gel-to-powder Cappuccino, which is a gel-to-powder satin matte eyeshadow by Milani. And I'm satin matte eyeshadow by Milani. And I'm satin matte eyeshadow by Milani. And I'm taking a blending brush, a really fluffy taking a blending brush, a really fluffy taking a blending brush, a really fluffy one, and just applying this to the one, and just applying this to the one, and just applying this to the crease and the brow bone. This is going crease and the brow bone. This is going crease and the brow bone. This is going to be just a transitional color. to be just a transitional color. to be just a transitional color. Now, the next color that I'm using is Now, the next color that I'm using is Now, the next color that I'm using is called Shyra, and this is going to go called Shyra, and this is going to go called Shyra, and this is going to go right on the eyelid space. For eyeliner, I'm using the brown one For eyeliner, I'm using the brown one For eyeliner, I'm using the brown one from this Physicians Formula trio, and from this Physicians Formula trio, and from this Physicians Formula trio, and I'm taking an angled brush, and then I'm taking an angled brush, and then I'm taking an angled brush, and then just working that eyeliner right along just working that eyeliner right along just working that eyeliner right along the lash line, and also flicking it out. the lash line, and also flicking it out. the lash line, and also flicking it out. This is such a great eyeliner. It's so This is such a great eyeliner. It's so This is such a great eyeliner. It's so creamy, so easy to work with, and it's creamy, so easy to work with, and it's creamy, so easy to work with, and it's brown, so it's very appropriate for brown, so it's very appropriate for brown, so it's very appropriate for daytime. Here, I'm just going to curl my lashes Here, I'm just going to curl my lashes Here, I'm just going to curl my lashes just to give them a nice hold for the just to give them a nice hold for the just to give them a nice hold for the mascara and the false lashes we're going mascara and the false lashes we're going mascara and the false lashes we're going to be using pretty soon. So, now for mascara, I'm using a colored So, now for mascara, I'm using a colored So, now for mascara, I'm using a colored mascara in the color brown, and I'm just mascara in the color brown, and I'm just mascara in the color brown, and I'm just going to give my top and bottom lashes a going to give my top and bottom lashes a going to give my top and bottom lashes a few coats. You can also definitely leave few coats. You can also definitely leave few coats. You can also definitely leave it as is without adding some false it as is without adding some false it as is without adding some false lashes, but if you want to take it up an lashes, but if you want to take it up an lashes, but if you want to take it up an extra step, I'm going to take some demi extra step, I'm going to take some demi extra step, I'm going to take some demi wispy's and apply those right onto my wispy's and apply those right onto my wispy's and apply those right onto my lashes. So, now for the perfect lip combo, she So, now for the perfect lip combo, she So, now for the perfect lip combo, she um I'm talking about Ariana, she had um I'm talking about Ariana, she had um I'm talking about Ariana, she had matte sort of like a mauve purple tone matte sort of like a mauve purple tone matte sort of like a mauve purple tone lip color, but I chose the Naked 2 lip lip color, but I chose the Naked 2 lip lip color, but I chose the Naked 2 lip liner first, and I'm just going to um liner first, and I'm just going to um liner first, and I'm just going to um outline my lips and then also fill them outline my lips and then also fill them outline my lips and then also fill them in so I can have a really nice backdrop in so I can have a really nice backdrop in so I can have a really nice backdrop for the lip gloss. And for the lip for the lip gloss. And for the lip for the lip gloss. And for the lip gloss, I'm using the color Liar. It's a gloss, I'm using the color Liar. It's a gloss, I'm using the color Liar. It's a beautiful, beautiful pink, and it just beautiful, beautiful pink, and it just beautiful, beautiful pink, and it just goes smoothly on the lips. It's not goes smoothly on the lips. It's not goes smoothly on the lips. It's not sticky, and it's also very nourishing on sticky, and it's also very nourishing on sticky, and it's also very nourishing on the lips as well. So, now you want to take some jewels and So, now you want to take some jewels and So, now you want to take some jewels and dip the jewels just a little bit on dip the jewels just a little bit on dip the jewels just a little bit on eyelash glue so it can adhere to your eyelash glue so it can adhere to your eyelash glue so it can adhere to your skin. And just apply those right along skin. And just apply those right along skin. And just apply those right along the edge of the winged eyeliner with the edge of the winged eyeliner with the edge of the winged eyeliner with some tweezers. Thank you so much for watching today's Thank you so much for watching today's Thank you so much for watching today's makeup tutorial. I can't wait to see you makeup tutorial. I can't wait to see you makeup tutorial. I can't wait to see you guys on my next one, and I am starting guys on my next one, and I am starting guys on my next one, and I am starting off my next video with a Halloween off my next video with a Halloween off my next video with a Halloween tutorial, so stay tuned for that, and I tutorial, so stay tuned for that, and I tutorial, so stay tuned for that, and I will see you on my next video. Bye.