The hero of Simra Toli The boy eats onions The hero of Simra Toli The boy eats onions The hero of Simra Toli The boy eats onions [music] and patta The hero of Simrali The boy [music] and patta The hero of Simrali The boy [music] and patta The hero of Simrali The boy eats onions and patta It becomes a fatta eats onions and patta It becomes a fatta eats onions and patta It becomes a fatta jammar [music] It becomes a jammar [music] It becomes a jammar [music] It becomes a cart on foot [music] The cart on foot [music] The hero of Salapur The girl eats milk and bread The hero of Salapur The girl eats milk and bread The hero of Salapur The girl eats milk and bread The hero of Sonapur The girl eats milk and bread It hero of Sonapur The girl eats milk and bread It hero of Sonapur The girl eats milk and bread It becomes a good cart on foot [music] The rickshaw puller Where have you gone The rickshaw puller has gone to get tea and locks Where have you gone The rickshaw puller has gone to get tea and locks Where have you gone The rickshaw puller has gone to get tea and locks Oh Pappi ji bring tea friend Come come Oh Pappi ji bring tea friend Come come Oh Pappi ji bring tea friend Come come son come wait [music] son come wait [music] son come wait [music] Mehman Lodi phone rang Mehman Lodi phone rang Mehman Lodi phone rang Hello yes Hello yes Hello yes sir I am Saru's son is getting married sir Yes he is sir I am Saru's son is getting married sir Yes he is sir I am Saru's son is getting married sir Yes he is 10 years old from Punjab Yes the host sir is 10 years old from Punjab Yes the host sir is 10 years old from Punjab Yes the host sir is fine is that uncle is my grandson ok okay fine is that uncle is my grandson ok okay fine is that uncle is my grandson ok okay oh brother take care of the hijab Mastan oh brother take care of the hijab Mastan oh brother take care of the hijab Mastan Remember him right now Yes he has Remember him right now Yes he has Remember him right now Yes he has n't had a meal since yesterday so nothing good happens Bring n't had a meal since yesterday so nothing good happens Bring biscuits daughter eat biscuits tomorrow biscuits daughter eat biscuits tomorrow biscuits daughter eat biscuits tomorrow Mogi will go out to Madrasa in small quantities Eat everything Mogi will go out to Madrasa in small quantities Eat everything Mogi will go out to Madrasa in small quantities Eat everything give him the dog give him the dog give him the dog O paaji friend my friend Get angry friend oh O paaji friend my friend Get angry friend oh O paaji friend my friend Get angry friend oh yes I am angry yes I am angry yes I am angry Tell me otherwise the blockade will be held oh son go away  Go once, okay, do son go away  Go once, okay, do son go away  Go once, okay, do n't n't n't drink on its own [music] Aunty, give me some tea [screaming sound] Aunty, give me some tea [screaming sound] Aunty, give me some tea [screaming sound] Today is Mastaan's place, it seems it's a place of dry bark, Today is Mastaan's place, it seems it's a place of dry bark, Today is Mastaan's place, it seems it's a place of dry bark, hey son, Mastaan, don't do it, don't do it, why don't you do it, hey son, Mastaan, don't do it, don't do it, why don't you do it, hey son, Mastaan, don't do it, don't do it, why don't you do it, Babu, my sirpur, do magic, make magic, Babu, my sirpur, do magic, make magic, make the palanquin, Babu, let's go, palanquin, Babu, let's go, loot it, uncle first, uncle first, yes, uncle, very loot it, uncle first, uncle first, yes, uncle, very loot it, uncle first, uncle first, yes, uncle, very good man, good person, a lot of help, this Sarpanch saheb is special to me, we are this Sarpanch saheb is special to me, we are this Sarpanch saheb is special to me, we are Punjab, son, if you don't then you should arrange a wedding procession, then you should go to the baraat, meet the Punjab, son, if you don't then you should arrange a wedding procession, then you should go to the baraat, meet the Sarpanch saheb, get it done, Sarpanch saheb, get it done, Sarpanch saheb, get it done, where does he say, Sarpanch saheb, what a river, let's talk where does he say, Sarpanch saheb, what a river, let's talk where does he say, Sarpanch saheb, what a river, let's talk to the Sarpanch saheb, to the Sarpanch saheb, to the Sarpanch saheb, then talk to him, hey, if the then talk to him, hey, if the then talk to him, hey, if the Sarpanch goes, you should not get married, then Sarpanch goes, you should not get married, then Sarpanch goes, you should not get married, then you should get married, salam, walekum, salam, walekum, salam, walekum, we love you, special today, no we love you, special today, no we love you, special today, no tension, tension, tension, Khan poli, Khan poli, Khan poli, today, party, pan, party, alone, Patna, I am not going to get married, the today, party, pan, party, alone, Patna, I am not going to get married, the today, party, pan, party, alone, Patna, I am not going to get married, the whole tat, the whole gulab ulu, my chaap thali, no whole tat, the whole gulab ulu, my chaap thali, no whole tat, the whole gulab ulu, my chaap thali, no tension, team, okay, jam brother, jam, now first, the big jam, right now, jam brother, jam, now first, the big jam, right now, jam brother, jam, now first, the big jam, right now, but one thing is wrong  If you do it then do it, if but one thing is wrong  If you do it then do it, if but one thing is wrong  If you do it then do it, if not not not great then the great then the great then the Sarpanch is Bhanu [screaming voice] by becoming Bhanu, the wind protects the heart by becoming Bhanu, the wind protects the heart by becoming Bhanu, the wind protects the heart that Chhamma, why did those who are itching for food go away, that Chhamma, why did those who are itching for food go away, that Chhamma, why did those who are itching for food go away, wow wow wow wow, hey cool, stare, do wow wow wow wow, hey cool, stare, do wow wow wow wow, hey cool, stare, do n't worry, Sarpanch saheb, n't worry, Sarpanch saheb, n't worry, Sarpanch saheb, Bihar, leave the talk, he is mad, throw your head, friend, Bihar, leave the talk, he is mad, throw your head, friend, Bihar, leave the talk, he is mad, throw your head, friend, oh father, you are mad, your whole family is mad, I am oh father, you are mad, your whole family is mad, I am oh father, you are mad, your whole family is mad, I am not mad, friend, friend, you burn after seeing me, friend, not mad, friend, friend, you burn after seeing me, friend, not mad, friend, friend, you burn after seeing me, friend, your son is going to be a fool and I am going to be a your son is going to be a fool and I am going to be a your son is going to be a fool and I am going to be a balwari, right now I will not be at home.  Now balwari, right now I will not be at home.  Now balwari, right now I will not be at home.  Now we will have to forcefully treat the entire village to a feast.   If we will have to forcefully treat the entire village to a feast.   If we will have to forcefully treat the entire village to a feast.   If we make chhari, we will do it only with makhani.  Makhani will always be we make chhari, we will do it only with makhani.  Makhani will always be we make chhari, we will do it only with makhani.  Makhani will always be my life, friend.  [Music] my life, friend.  [Music] my life, friend.  [Music] Grandma, salute to you. Grandma, salute to you. Grandma, salute to you. Peace be upon you.  Walekum Salam, Peace be upon you.  Walekum Salam, Peace be upon you.  Walekum Salam, listen this is a real madman, listen this is a real madman, listen this is a real madman, yes he is Sarpanch saheb, I am Tamizho's son, Kava yes he is Sarpanch saheb, I am Tamizho's son, Kava yes he is Sarpanch saheb, I am Tamizho's son, Kava Mastan, he is mad, but I will do it in the middle of the group, Mastan, he is mad, but I will do it in the middle of the group, Mastan, he is mad, but I will do it in the middle of the group, okay Sarpanch saheb, this is the news, okay Sarpanch saheb, this is the news, okay Sarpanch saheb, this is the news, Tamizho's son, yes go, go, get the treatment done, Tamizho's son, yes go, go, get the treatment done, Tamizho's son, yes go, go, get the treatment done, Repura Repura Repura zindabad Tamizho Paji zindabad Chhalapan chhab, zindabad Tamizho Paji zindabad Chhalapan chhab, zindabad Tamizho Paji zindabad Chhalapan chhab, Inquilab Mastan murdabad Mastan murdabad chhap, murdabad, Inquilab Mastan murdabad Mastan murdabad chhap, murdabad, Inquilab Mastan murdabad Mastan murdabad chhap, murdabad, I will I will I will suppress Pakistan, if I suppress, suppress Pakistan, if I suppress, suppress Pakistan, if I suppress, I will bring Chhana from Pakistan, my promise [laughter] I will bring Chhana from Pakistan, my promise [laughter] I will bring Chhana from Pakistan, my promise [laughter] this is [music] daughter, God is Khala, listen to me, listen to me, listen to me, yes, say daughter, say Khalami, daughter, diamond boy, diamond, do something yes, say daughter, say Khalami, daughter, diamond boy, diamond, do something [music] don't worry daughter, next in line is sister Chhana baji, sister, I am Guru Dhor Chhana baji, sister, I am Guru Dhor Chhana baji, sister, I am Guru Dhor Guru's doni, Guru's doni, Guru's doni, sister sister sister Chhari, without water there is no Chhari, without water there is no Chhari, without water there is no water no shame [ no shame [ no shame [ music] Jaan Jaan Jaan Bawal Mana, listen to me, if you open your ears, I will perform all the rituals, I will listen to me, if you open your ears, I will perform all the rituals, I will listen to me, if you open your ears, I will perform all the rituals, I will marry Chhana, don't be scared  I'm not going to marry my mother, nor am I going to marry her marry Chhana, don't be scared  I'm not going to marry my mother, nor am I going to marry her marry Chhana, don't be scared  I'm not going to marry my mother, nor am I going to marry her husband before the wedding procession. husband before the wedding procession. husband before the wedding procession. [Music] So run away. Oh boy, you flirt, once again I'm the daughter's Oh boy, you flirt, once again I'm the daughter's Oh boy, you flirt, once again I'm the daughter's flirt, flirt, flirt, wait you go, wait you go, today you scoundrel, get out of my family. Oh today you scoundrel, get out of my family. Oh today you scoundrel, get out of my family. Oh boy, you flirt, don't keep refusing me not to boy, you flirt, don't keep refusing me not to boy, you flirt, don't keep refusing me not to roam around my daughter. roam around my daughter. roam around my daughter. My daughter is getting married during Dussehra and My daughter is getting married during Dussehra and My daughter is getting married during Dussehra and you will sing songs with me. I have made my daughter a whore. Don't you will sing songs with me. I have made my daughter a whore. Don't you will sing songs with me. I have made my daughter a whore. Don't flirt too much with me, otherwise flirt too much with me, otherwise flirt too much with me, otherwise Guru Maa will shove it in your ass. Guru Maa will shove it in your ass. Guru Maa will shove it in your ass. [Song voice] [Music] Boy, run away from [Song voice] [Music] Boy, run away from [Song voice] [Music] Boy, run away from here, run away from here, run away from here. here, run away from here, run away from here. here, run away from here, run away from here. I have put the tub, I have put the tub, O Tameezo, do I have put the tub, I have put the tub, O Tameezo, do I have put the tub, I have put the tub, O Tameezo, do n't raise your eyes, friend, n't raise your eyes, friend, n't raise your eyes, friend, mother has changed, Tameezo, Tameezo, straight from Paaji, Tameezo, mother has changed, Tameezo, Tameezo, straight from Paaji, Tameezo, mother has changed, Tameezo, Tameezo, straight from Paaji, Tameezo, respect me, call me Mastaan. respect me, call me Mastaan. respect me, call me Mastaan. Oh Paaji, it seems that you have been affected by the jinns, Oh Paaji, it seems that you have been affected by the jinns, Oh Paaji, it seems that you have been affected by the jinns, friend, friend, friend, your friend, friend, friend, your friend, friend, friend, your conduct is bad, you cheater.  I am telling you the wrong thing I am wrong thing I am wrong thing I am telling you the wrong thing I am telling you the telling you the wrong thing I am telling you the telling you the wrong thing I am telling you the marriage marriage marriage oil and turmeric I have given to Abdullah in someone else's wedding given to Abdullah in someone else's wedding given to Abdullah in someone else's wedding Makhani Makhani is silent the moon is Makhani Makhani is silent the moon is Makhani Makhani is silent the moon is blooming oh brother we all die on the blooming oh brother we all die on the blooming oh brother we all die on the first day to see a girl that is the same first day to see a girl that is the same name Makhani yes here it is my name Makhani yes here it is my name Makhani yes here it is my rainy season here rainy season here rainy season here I am married here only you crazy man I am married here only you crazy man I am married here only you crazy man tell me your daughter's aunt you are crazy tell me your daughter's aunt you are crazy tell me your daughter's aunt you are crazy son if you take a cup then like that [Music] once I put 5 lakhs in the once I put 5 lakhs in the once I put 5 lakhs in the money I will not money I will not come at all lucky I am just going to come come at all lucky I am just going to come come at all lucky I am just going to come [Music] oh my god Mastan Bhaiya turn it off shut up bastard Mastan Bhaiya turn it off shut up bastard Mastan Bhaiya turn it off shut up bastard I will not say anything if any man comes so I will not say anything if any man comes so I will not say anything if any man comes so turn it off Mastan Bhaiya it turn it off Mastan Bhaiya it turn it off Mastan Bhaiya it is hot the fan is not running here hey Mastan Bhaiya one thing [Music] then Mastan Bhaiya one thing [Music] then Mastan Bhaiya one thing [Music] then where is the girl then it is good we have a where is the girl then it is good we have a where is the girl then it is good we have a girl here fuzzy girl here fuzzy girl here fuzzy fuzzy we know boss fuzzy we know boss fuzzy we know boss so I will play my name bhaiya super idea brain bhaiya super idea brain bhaiya super idea brain good good good game daulat kaija cha to brain sha  I have your Makhani Makhani right now, take the cha to brain sha  I have your Makhani Makhani right now, take the cha to brain sha  I have your Makhani Makhani right now, take the knife take it my friend [Music] don't do it, do [Music] don't do it, do n't do it [Music] then press it well n't do it [Music] then press it well n't do it [Music] then press it well [Sound of clearing throat] hey Chu, take the [Sound of clearing throat] hey Chu, take the [Sound of clearing throat] hey Chu, take the soil and go, soil and go, soil and go, I am fine, I hope you come with me, but take it with me fine, I hope you come with me, but take it with me fine, I hope you come with me, but take it with me [Music] the medicine should work by now, listen son, I will go from there, listen son, I will go from there, listen son, I will go from there, I will understand, friend, if the I will understand, friend, if the guardian doesn't accept it, he will make me fail, oh my god, I am feeling like a guardian doesn't accept it, he will make me fail, oh my god, I am feeling like a guardian doesn't accept it, he will make me fail, oh my god, I am feeling like a child, child, child, what is this, move away you fool, you foolish bird, you what is this, move away you fool, you foolish bird, you know the world, oh my god, let's know the world, oh my god, let's know the world, oh my god, let's finish our work, finish our work, finish our work, first get well, get up, first get well, get up, aunt, it is not a rope hey Makhani, I will get out, I will take you, it is hey Makhani, I will get out, I will take you, it is from the airport brother, oh what are you, oh my god, it is from the airport brother, oh what are you, oh my god, it is from the airport brother, oh what are you, oh my god, it is from a different company, from a different company, from a different company, know something, know something, know something, then do it with the consent, you are crazy, I will not do anything, if you then do it with the consent, you are crazy, I will not do anything, if you then do it with the consent, you are crazy, I will not do anything, if you say anything, I will get it say anything, I will get it say anything, I will get it you are a you are a you are a very clever fox, you are a fool ... very clever fox, you are a fool ... Give me permission friend, I will beat her and turn her into rubbish friend oh I do Give me permission friend, I will beat her and turn her into rubbish friend oh I do n't want to stop you, just say it with all your might n't want to stop you, just say it with all your might n't want to stop you, just say it with all your might if you say that you have done something wrong Mastan has gone to hell I will if you say that you have done something wrong Mastan has gone to hell I will if you say that you have done something wrong Mastan has gone to hell I will not be trapped again daughter not be trapped again daughter not be trapped again daughter if you do something good then I will say give it to me Babu if you do something good then I will say give it to me Babu if you do something good then I will say give it to me Babu Babura you forgive me I have told you the magic of blooming the moon I told you the magic of blooming the moon I told you the magic of blooming the moon I love you truly but you are conspiring with me or conspiring with your love you truly but you are conspiring with me or conspiring with your daughter I do daughter I do daughter I do n't love you I love you property every n't love you I love you property every n't love you I love you property every criminal should be punished but who is the one who criminal should be punished but who is the one who criminal should be punished but who is the one who gives punishment Mastan yes today if a man is gives punishment Mastan yes today if a man is gives punishment Mastan yes today if a man is devoid of responsibility towards his family I am going to a devoid of responsibility towards his family I am going to a devoid of responsibility towards his family I am going to a wedding party or a party with a wedding party or a party with a wedding party or a party with a crazy woman crazy woman crazy woman [Music] then I will go yes brother I will go yes I will go right now yes brother I will go yes I will go right now yes brother I will go yes I will go right now I am busy with my husband as if he is married so come friend I am busy with my husband as if he is married so come friend by mistake [Music] leave the work vas Mohini vas hurry vas jaan quickly go quickly tell me the boot but but but but but go quickly tell me the boot but but but but but go quickly tell me the boot but but but but but hold the boot brother hey brother hey brother well let's go brother well let's go brother well let's go I will go and be fucher  Get it done and take it like this fucher  Get it done and take it like this fucher  Get it done and take it like this Uncle, I don't have a car yet, Uncle, I don't have a car yet, Uncle, I don't have a car yet, Laad Saheb, Laad Saheb, Laad Saheb, you find out, I am the boy, go and buy a you find out, I am the boy, go and buy a you find out, I am the boy, go and buy a horse, yes, cut my nose and horse, yes, cut my nose and horse, yes, cut my nose and enter the house, then you will kill me, you slut. Hey son, why are you wearing a turban, why are you wearing a turban, Hey son, why are you wearing a turban, why are you wearing a turban, Hey son, why are you wearing a turban, why are you wearing a turban, where are you going to go by tying a turban, you are your grandmother's, you are your where are you going to go by tying a turban, you are your grandmother's, you are your where are you going to go by tying a turban, you are your grandmother's, you are your mother-in-law's, I am not ashamed, mother-in-law's, I am not ashamed, mother-in-law's, I am not ashamed, my slut daughter ran away with the my slut daughter ran away with the my slut daughter ran away with the boy, that boy grew up with the boy, came on a boy, that boy grew up with the boy, came on a boy, that boy grew up with the boy, came on a bike and sat with my daughter, bike and sat with my daughter, bike and sat with my daughter, and that boy was happy and we kept watching, and he did and that boy was happy and we kept watching, and he did and that boy was happy and we kept watching, and he did not take the elder one, for the sake of telling you, we have not take the elder one, for the sake of telling you, we have not take the elder one, for the sake of telling you, we have saved my dowry money here Babu saved my dowry money here Babu saved my dowry money here Babu friend, will he come for my marriage or not, friend, friend, will he come for my marriage or not, friend, friend, will he come for my marriage or not, friend, I have sold a lot, friend, shut up, brother-in-law, I have sold a lot, friend, shut up, brother-in-law, I have sold a lot, friend, shut up, brother-in-law, when is the daughter-in-law's, she will run away, when is the daughter-in-law's, she will run away, when is the daughter-in-law's, she will run away, yes, if the police come, the yes, if the police come, the yes, if the police come, the girl will run away, the neighbor will be picked up, picked up, her girl will run away, the neighbor will be picked up, picked up, her hair is hanging, son, have manners, yes uncle, tell me, I have no bad son, have manners, yes uncle, tell me, I have no bad son, have manners, yes uncle, tell me, I have no bad friends, what a bad luck  If you don't get along well for a long time, then look at the friends, what a bad luck  If you don't get along well for a long time, then look at the friends, what a bad luck  If you don't get along well for a long time, then look at the role of the role of the role of the girl, look at the marriage, oh girl, sister-in-law, I am girl, look at the marriage, oh girl, sister-in-law, I am girl, look at the marriage, oh girl, sister-in-law, I am trying hard from my side, uncle, today's trying hard from my side, uncle, today's trying hard from my side, uncle, today's cream is what brother, all these are bitter, if you do cream is what brother, all these are bitter, if you do cream is what brother, all these are bitter, if you do n't stay then it will be very bad, son, I am not getting married to Tameejo, Khaja Burar, married to Tameejo, Khaja Burar, married to Tameejo, Khaja Burar, settle down in your life, son, settle down in your life, son, settle down in your life, son, Tameejo, I have no objection, Tameejo, I have no objection, Tameejo, I have no objection, aunt will have any objection, friend, brother, I will love you, oh shut up, Khaja, a little useless person, I did not say anything, I will love you, the oh shut up, Khaja, a little useless person, I did not say anything, I will love you, the oh shut up, Khaja, a little useless person, I did not say anything, I will love you, the man did not say anything, aunt will have any objection, if you accept a man did not say anything, aunt will have any objection, if you accept a man did not say anything, aunt will have any objection, if you accept a man, then it is a man, then it is a man, then it is a good thing, and anyway, he is good thing, and anyway, he is good thing, and anyway, he is not a worthy man to become a son-in-law, oh son, it is a useless thing, do not a worthy man to become a son-in-law, oh son, it is a useless thing, do not a worthy man to become a son-in-law, oh son, it is a useless thing, do n't say anything, who is worthy to become my son-in-law, hey, do n't say anything, who is worthy to become my son-in-law, hey, do n't say anything, who is worthy to become my son-in-law, hey, do n't n't n't meet him, hey, don't respect him, if you say anything, you bastard, meet him, hey, don't respect him, if you say anything, you bastard, meet him, hey, don't respect him, if you say anything, you bastard, jump and leave the mud, if you run away, you will jump and leave the mud, if you run away, you will jump and leave the mud, if you run away, you will kick your fate, hey Ujeet, son, then I will eat nothing, hey, if I give you everything, the kick your fate, hey Ujeet, son, then I will eat nothing, hey, if I give you everything, the kick your fate, hey Ujeet, son, then I will eat nothing, hey, if I give you everything, the bed, the car, the bed, the car, the bed, the car, the open kitchen, the kitchen, see the utensils, open kitchen, the kitchen, see the utensils, open kitchen, the kitchen, see the utensils, everything, son  Tamijo, if you are angry then everything, son  Tamijo, if you are angry then everything, son  Tamijo, if you are angry then daughter-in-law, you too will not go, I will daughter-in-law, you too will not go, I will daughter-in-law, you too will not go, I will come now, the rest of the six, come now, the rest of the six, come now, the rest of the six, Mastan, I am not going to move from here until I get it cured, go Mastan, I am not going to move from here until I get it cured, go son, go, I am [Music] I am [Music] I am [Music] I am Baba Tillu Tillu, my name is Baba Baba Tillu Tillu, my name is Baba Baba Tillu Tillu, my name is Baba Tillu Oh Murari, daughter, son, Oh Murari, daughter, son, Oh Murari, daughter, son, today morning take less today morning take less today morning take less pain, pain, pain, yes yes, bio, hey, father, you are a genius, you have turned out to be a master, wait sir, friend, so see sir, get see sir, get see sir, get up and drink, sir, you are a useless person, friend, up and drink, sir, you are a useless person, friend, up and drink, sir, you are a useless person, friend, half man, find some treatment, half man, find some treatment, half man, find some treatment, sir, then take sir, then take roti, son, eat roti, food, only salad, roti, son, eat roti, food, only salad, roti, son, eat roti, food, only salad, okay, then get it done, it okay, then get it done, it costs 5000 rupees, costs 5000 rupees, costs 5000 rupees, okay, if it is your duty, you are a fake, fat type of person, look, don't try to get a you are a fake, fat type of person, look, don't try to get a you are a fake, fat type of person, look, don't try to get a girl, do girl, do girl, do n't do magic, your mind is already hot, n't do magic, your mind is already hot, n't do magic, your mind is already hot, dado, dada, dada, dada, get treatment, that is why I dado, dada, dada, dada, get treatment, that is why I dado, dada, dada, dada, get treatment, that is why I trust you, trust you, trust you, call me here and get treatment, if you are call me here and get treatment, if you are call me here and get treatment, if you are not in my step, whether you believe it or not, you just run your believe it or not, you just run your believe it or not, you just run your shop, shop, shop, sir, you should run the shop, just do sir, you should run the shop, just do sir, you should run the shop, just do good, then good, then good, then we sir, we respect, we sir, we respect, we sir, we respect, sir, you lose sir, you lose sir, you lose five minutes, Mastan Mastan [Music] Oh Mastan, how  Roka motherfucker motherfucker motherfucker Oh Mastan, you came quickly, friend, let's go, it's okay, friend, our let's go, it's okay, friend, our let's go, it's okay, friend, our Punjab is also fine, friend, we do Punjab is also fine, friend, we do Punjab is also fine, friend, we do n't shoot in the village, friend, it's nonsense, friend, friend, n't shoot in the village, friend, it's nonsense, friend, friend, I heard it earlier, friend, your I heard it earlier, friend, your I heard it earlier, friend, your wife didn't say, your marriage was fixed, friend, and your wife didn't say, your marriage was fixed, friend, and your wife didn't say, your marriage was fixed, friend, and your wife ran away, friend, friend, friend, friend, yes, friend, friend, wife ran away, friend, friend, friend, friend, yes, friend, friend, and Tamijo Paaji got married, friend, yes, yes, and Tamijo Paaji got married, friend, yes, yes, and Tamijo Paaji got married, friend, yes, yes, and I said, have you gone mad, friend, oh, do and I said, have you gone mad, friend, oh, do and I said, have you gone mad, friend, oh, do n't ask, Paaji, my condition is very bad, yes, n't ask, Paaji, my condition is very bad, yes, n't ask, Paaji, my condition is very bad, yes, I said, I just abused everyone, friend, yes, friend, I said, I just abused everyone, friend, yes, friend, I said, I just abused everyone, friend, yes, friend, Tamijo Bhai, please fix it, friend, oh, that Tamijo Bhai, please fix it, friend, oh, that Tamijo Bhai, please fix it, friend, oh, that Makhani, friend, played a game with me, friend, Makhani, friend, played a game with me, friend, Makhani, friend, played a game with me, friend, I will not leave him, friend, I must have I will not leave him, friend, I must have I will not leave him, friend, I must have kept three Gudis in Punjabi, friend, I only kept three Gudis in Punjabi, friend, I only kept three Gudis in Punjabi, friend, I only message you, Oye Mastan, when will you tell me, message you, Oye Mastan, when will you tell me, message you, Oye Mastan, when will you tell me, Punjabi, come quickly, friend, yes, let's go. So hey guys, if you have seen the video till here then please So hey guys, if you have seen the video till here then please So hey guys, if you have seen the video till here then please like it and leave a like it and leave a like it and leave a lovely comment.  And guys please lovely comment.  And guys please share this video with your friends.  And those brothers who are new to the channel, please share this video with your friends.  And those brothers who are new to the channel, please share this video with your friends.  And those brothers who are new to the channel, please subscribe to the channel. subscribe to the channel. subscribe to the channel. And which part of the video did you like, And which part of the video did you like, And which part of the video did you like, please tell us in the comments. please tell us in the comments. please tell us in the comments. And where I found the acting to be good or And where I found the acting to be good or And where I found the acting to be good or dangerous, I will not comment on it. dangerous, I will not comment on it. dangerous, I will not comment on it. We do good work, We do good work, We do good work, like every video, only then go to the comments, then like every video, only then go to the comments, then like every video, only then go to the comments, then we will see some comments like part three, some we will see some comments like part three, some we will see some comments like part three, some great comments have been made, so the one who is going to read it, first of all great comments have been made, so the one who is going to read it, first of all great comments have been made, so the one who is going to read it, first of all Chok Shabir Hussain Idi Bhai Chok Shabir Hussain Idi Bhai Chok Shabir Hussain Idi Bhai commented Chok Rahi Bhai, after a long time this commented Chok Rahi Bhai, after a long time this commented Chok Rahi Bhai, after a long time this video was amazing Bhai Sahab, I liked everyone's acting, video was amazing Bhai Sahab, I liked everyone's acting, video was amazing Bhai Sahab, I liked everyone's acting, especially Holo Holo Bhai's especially Holo Holo Bhai's especially Holo Holo Bhai's acting, that hidden acting is A1, acting, that hidden acting is A1, acting, that hidden acting is A1, thank you Bhai, thank you, thank you, thank you, keep thank you Bhai, thank you, thank you, thank you, keep commenting like this and the second is PY commenting like this and the second is PY commenting like this and the second is PY Technical Technical Technical Variety Variety Variety Bhai's comment, Afroz Bhai and Hulu Bhai should Bhai's comment, Afroz Bhai and Hulu Bhai should Bhai's comment, Afroz Bhai and Hulu Bhai should definitely get a chance in Bollywood, definitely get a chance in Bollywood, definitely get a chance in Bollywood, what are you saying, Afroz Bhai, please tell me if they get a chance what are you saying, Afroz Bhai, please tell me if they get a chance what are you saying, Afroz Bhai, please tell me if they get a chance in Bollywood or Bhojpuri too in Bollywood or Bhojpuri too in Bollywood or Bhojpuri too Seemanchal should maintain its dominance in Bhojpuri too, that's all, so Seemanchal should maintain its dominance in Bhojpuri too, that's all, so Bhai made a very good comment.  Let's go Bhai made a very good comment.  Let's go Bhai made a very good comment.  Let's go next is Funny Boy.  Boys next is Funny Boy.  Boys next is Funny Boy.  Boys [sound of clearing throat] you guys have a [sound of clearing throat] you guys have a [sound of clearing throat] you guys have a great video.  You guys should make such videos. great video.  You guys should make such videos. great video.  You guys should make such videos. I love Surjapuri video Bawal I love Surjapuri video Bawal I love Surjapuri video Bawal and Hulu's acting.  It is very amazing.   I and Hulu's acting.  It is very amazing.   I and Hulu's acting.  It is very amazing.   I enjoyed it brother.   Thank enjoyed it brother.   Thank enjoyed it brother.   Thank you. you. you. Thank you brother.  That was a very nice comment brother. Thank you brother.  That was a very nice comment brother. Thank you brother.  That was a very nice comment brother. And next is And next is And next is MD Ramadan.  Surjapuri Best Director MD Ramadan.  Surjapuri Best Director MD Ramadan.  Surjapuri Best Director Afoz Rahi.  And brother, we watch all your videos. Afoz Rahi.  And brother, we watch all your videos. Afoz Rahi.  And brother, we watch all your videos. Your video is of very high quality. Your video is of very high quality. Your video is of very high quality. Love you BFR team.  Love you brother. Love you BFR team.  Love you brother. Love you BFR team.  Love you brother. Love you too, love you brother. Love you too, love you brother. Love you too, love you brother. [Sound of clearing throat] That was a [Sound of clearing throat] That was a [Sound of clearing throat] That was a very nice comment brother.  And next very nice comment brother.  And next very nice comment brother.  And next is Borough Next Level.  I think you are is Borough Next Level.  I think you are is Borough Next Level.  I think you are creating much better content than before. creating much better content than before. creating much better content than before. Keep working hard like this.  We also support you.  Will keep doing it. Keep working hard like this.  We also support you.  Will keep doing it. Keep working hard like this.  We also support you.  Will keep doing it. I have done what I had to do.  The I have done what I had to do.  The I have done what I had to do.  The song has been edited very well song has been edited very well song has been edited very well and Hulu Bhai has really and Hulu Bhai has really and Hulu Bhai has really played the role of the police very well.  Okay, thank you. played the role of the police very well.  Okay, thank you. played the role of the police very well.  Okay, thank you. Brother's comment was also very good. Brother's comment was also very good. Brother's comment was also very good. My My My name is Sahib Raza Bhai. name is Sahib Raza Bhai. name is Sahib Raza Bhai. Yes brother's name is Sahib Raza.  If I get a bit carried away while reading, please Yes brother's name is Sahib Raza.  If I get a bit carried away while reading, please Yes brother's name is Sahib Raza.  If I get a bit carried away while reading, please forgive me.  He is forgive me.  He is forgive me.  He is not that educated.   The not that educated.   The not that educated.   The rest of the part [sound of clearing throat] Five rest of the part [sound of clearing throat] Five rest of the part [sound of clearing throat] Five probably won't come now.   Will probably won't come now.   Will probably won't come now.   Will not come. not come. not come. So now some new content will come.  So, rest of you So now some new content will come.  So, rest of you So now some new content will come.  So, rest of you guys please give maximum love to the video guys please give maximum love to the video guys please give maximum love to the video and if you show love then only we will and if you show love then only we will and if you show love then only we will enjoy making content and enjoy making content and enjoy making content and comment as much as possible on this video comment as much as possible on this video comment as much as possible on this video so that we can get our name in the next video as well. so that we can get our name in the next video as well. so that we can get our name in the next video as well. Brothers, we will Brothers, we will Brothers, we will try to give the best content. We have try to give the best content. We have try to give the best content. We have no interest in no interest in no interest in showing bad content to you all. showing bad content to you all. showing bad content to you all. Just support us and keep the love going. We will meet Just support us and keep the love going. We will meet Just support us and keep the love going. We will meet again on the next video.