What's up, guys? On today's video, we're What's up, guys? On today's video, we're What's up, guys? On today's video, we're reviewing a reviewing a reviewing a triangle helmet. triangle helmet. triangle helmet. Came in this box. It is black. It is a Came in this box. It is black. It is a Came in this box. It is black. It is a size medium. It has some vent holes here size medium. It has some vent holes here size medium. It has some vent holes here and some vent holes down here. I took and some vent holes down here. I took and some vent holes down here. I took off the visor just now because it was off the visor just now because it was off the visor just now because it was the dark one. It came with a tinted the dark one. It came with a tinted the dark one. It came with a tinted visor and also a clear visor. So, I'll visor and also a clear visor. So, I'll visor and also a clear visor. So, I'll be putting that one on. be putting that one on. be putting that one on. And you can see here, this is how where And you can see here, this is how where And you can see here, this is how where you put the visor in. This little thing you put the visor in. This little thing you put the visor in. This little thing here pushes back and it like opens up a here pushes back and it like opens up a here pushes back and it like opens up a little bit so you can put it in there. little bit so you can put it in there. little bit so you can put it in there. Move around to the back. The back looks Move around to the back. The back looks Move around to the back. The back looks nice. Uh it's not too bulky. nice. Uh it's not too bulky. nice. Uh it's not too bulky. Actually, it looks a little smaller. Actually, it looks a little smaller. Actually, it looks a little smaller. It's not too wide. Looks good. Nice It's not too wide. Looks good. Nice It's not too wide. Looks good. Nice round. And little uh design here. You round. And little uh design here. You round. And little uh design here. You can see it's a medium. can see it's a medium. can see it's a medium. ID number is TFF 15 FMVSS ID number is TFF 15 FMVSS ID number is TFF 15 FMVSS 218. 218. 218. When we look inside, it has a nice good When we look inside, it has a nice good When we look inside, it has a nice good padding here. It's a little hard to get padding here. It's a little hard to get padding here. It's a little hard to get your head in here at first, but then the your head in here at first, but then the your head in here at first, but then the padding opens up on the inside. Fits padding opens up on the inside. Fits padding opens up on the inside. Fits pretty good. And then here's the buckle. pretty good. And then here's the buckle. pretty good. And then here's the buckle. I believe these paddings are I believe these paddings are I believe these paddings are um removable and you can add different um removable and you can add different um removable and you can add different size paddings to make it fit more size paddings to make it fit more size paddings to make it fit more comfortable on your head. comfortable on your head. comfortable on your head. But yeah, this is the helmet. But yeah, this is the helmet. But yeah, this is the helmet. So cool.