Actually, every year I get an invitation for Independence Day from my old school. Actually, every year I get an invitation for Independence Day from my old school. Actually, every year I get an invitation for Independence Day from my old school. But But But this time it has crossed all limits.  The children have this time it has crossed all limits.  The children have this time it has crossed all limits.  The children have sent such a beautiful card.  But it is my headache due to which sent such a beautiful card.  But it is my headache due to which sent such a beautiful card.  But it is my headache due to which I could not sleep the whole night I could not sleep the whole night I could not sleep the whole night and at 5:00 in the morning someone rang the bell.   As soon as I and at 5:00 in the morning someone rang the bell.   As soon as I and at 5:00 in the morning someone rang the bell.   As soon as I opened the door, I saw Maya opened the door, I saw Maya opened the door, I saw Maya standing with a sword.  She says get it ready quickly. standing with a sword.  She says get it ready quickly. standing with a sword.  She says get it ready quickly. Today I have to go as Rani Lakshmibai.   Yes Today I have to go as Rani Lakshmibai.   Yes Today I have to go as Rani Lakshmibai.   Yes friends, I am that sister who friends, I am that sister who friends, I am that sister who prepares all the children in the neighborhood. prepares all the children in the neighborhood. prepares all the children in the neighborhood. Now, I am not an expert in changing the colour and appearance Now, I am not an expert in changing the colour and appearance Now, I am not an expert in changing the colour and appearance but I can do some minor but I can do some minor but I can do some minor paint and putty work.  For which, I paint and putty work.  For which, I paint and putty work.  For which, I applied the shadows on my eyes using my phone and applied the shadows on my eyes using my phone and applied the shadows on my eyes using my phone and then got my skin prepped by applying toner. then got my skin prepped by applying toner. then got my skin prepped by applying toner. Hey, when will this be useful?  Let me show you my wealth of ₹1 ₹200. Hey, when will this be useful?  Let me show you my wealth of ₹1 ₹200. Hey, when will this be useful?  Let me show you my wealth of ₹1 ₹200. After that, After that, After that, apply the moisturizer which is mixed free in this product. apply the moisturizer which is mixed free in this product. Stroop cream for a little sunscreen glow.  Take Plaster Complete.  Now Stroop cream for a little sunscreen glow.  Take Plaster Complete.  Now Stroop cream for a little sunscreen glow.  Take Plaster Complete.  Now we will apply putty from face to neck.   We will we will apply putty from face to neck.   We will we will apply putty from face to neck.   We will also paint our cheeks a little and apply bright red also paint our cheeks a little and apply bright red also paint our cheeks a little and apply bright red lipstick.  Then I started doing my eye lipstick.  Then I started doing my eye lipstick.  Then I started doing my eye makeup properly.  I have makeup properly.  I have makeup properly.  I have n't even washed my face but today I am going to make his face n't even washed my face but today I am going to make his face n't even washed my face but today I am going to make his face shine completely.  Nice eyeliner. shine completely.  Nice eyeliner. shine completely.  Nice eyeliner. Applying eye shadow and we poor people do Applying eye shadow and we poor people do Applying eye shadow and we poor people do n't have a big bindi.  Therefore, the n't have a big bindi.  Therefore, the n't have a big bindi.  Therefore, the trick of Jiyamati has been applied to a small bindi and stuck on the forehead trick of Jiyamati has been applied to a small bindi and stuck on the forehead trick of Jiyamati has been applied to a small bindi and stuck on the forehead and the hairstyle is going to be very simple and the hairstyle is going to be very simple and the hairstyle is going to be very simple because a crown will come on top of it. because a crown will come on top of it. because a crown will come on top of it. Now you guys quickly tell me Now you guys quickly tell me Now you guys quickly tell me how many marks out of 10 will you give to this Mistri Giri of mine.  Till then how many marks out of 10 will you give to this Mistri Giri of mine.  Till then how many marks out of 10 will you give to this Mistri Giri of mine.  Till then aunty is making me wear the saree aunty is making me wear the saree aunty is making me wear the saree and look at my sister Golu, she is going to go and look at my sister Golu, she is going to go and look at my sister Golu, she is going to go in Kumaoni look today.  But poor bald Lakha in Kumaoni look today.  But poor bald Lakha in Kumaoni look today.  But poor bald Lakha boys are like this, brother.  Come on boys are like this, brother.  Come on boys are like this, brother.  Come on then, let's all eat Bundi Laddus. then, let's all eat Bundi Laddus. then, let's all eat Bundi Laddus. Celebrate Independence Day.  Hearty greetings to everyone, Celebrate Independence Day.  Hearty greetings to everyone, Celebrate Independence Day.  Hearty greetings to everyone, Radhe-Radhe.