Today, we're all going to have a picnic together.
[Music] I ca
n't eat.
Oh my god, the guy is eating all the chicken. Will
anyone be okay if they eat this?
I have received six such bitter antara. I will cook biryani today.
This is our water taxi.
[Music] I think that's the
best biryani in Bangladesh. How many
birds are coming behind the heart? Hey guys Assalamu Alaikum
Hossain and welcome to Mynadar's blog
I am in Canada now. Guys,
our Canada trip is coming to an end
and we will be returning to Bangladesh in just two days.
So I thought of having a
nice picnic for the last time in Canada.
We will make some delicious food from home and
take it to a very beautiful island today. We will
roam around there all day, eat and drink and have a
lot of fun. I will share the beautiful moments of the
last day of our Canada trip with you in
today's blog. So let's start
our picnic day, look
how excited Antar is for the picnic today. The
guy is already coming with many flowers.
Guy, I'm very excited today.
To celebrate a picnic. Today we will be
celebrating a picnic in a totally different style. In a word, it would be the best.
The most important thing at a Guy Picnic
is the food. So now we
need to cook and get our picnic food ready.
So what are we cooking at the picnic today? I will
cook biryani today.
Hmm, it'll be fun guys. Today, after two months, we will
eat biryani.
I'm very excited guys. I
missed biryani a lot.
Can you cook biryani properly?
What do you say? I am the master of biryani. Okay, God willing.
Let's quickly
start cooking now. Come on
guys, look, Rakhi has started working as a boot boy,
she ca
n't cook, that's why she's helping me.
Who says I can't cook?
I'll cook biryani today, will
you cook it?
Inshallah, guys, today I'll make the
best biryani in the world, so fast, guys,
I'm cleaning the beef.
Guys, here I'm laminating all the spices in the meat,
properly,
and that's why you're laminating it. Yes,
look, how yummy it looks. Yes, yes, guys, it's
marinating. Do you
understand that it's laminating? Marinate, marinate,
marinate. Guys, look, how yummy it's become.
I'm completing everything. Antara will just
put it on the stove and
stir it with a spoon and it'll be done.
Yes, it's clear
who's actually doing the cooking. Guys,
here I've got Antara ready.
Antara is stirring it beautifully.
Guys, what a big lie you're telling. Or did you get
me everything ready? I'm getting everything ready. Oh my
God,
just moving the target in the video doesn't make it ready,
you understand, you can say that,
I don't want to say anything to you guys,
I don't want to say anything to you either, I will cook
biryani and feed it to you.
You will understand who is
cooking it after playing it. Guys, look, they are coming here to do drama again.
I didn't come to do drama. I am coming to cook biryani.
Yes, now they are going to do this drama. Later, they will say, "
I cooked biryani." Hey,
brother, I am cooking. You are just
stirring the
pola. Come on, who is washing it?"
Me.
What a big lie, guys.
Guys, I won't bother pronouncing any names.
You can do yours. Come on, I'm telling
you to do it.
You do yours. Guys, I don't understand what the
weather has to do with our picnic?
The day I say I'm going to have a picnic, the
weather turns cloudy. The weather is
cloudy today. God knows if it will
rain today, guys. Even though the rain has stopped, I will have a
picnic in the rain today. The bad
rain just disturbs us. Guy
sees me cooking while I'm in a
bad mood and he's sitting here tapping away on his phone.
What a big liar, I've been doing all the cooking all this time.
What?
You've been cooking for so long.
Yes, I'm doing everything. You are making a
fool of yourself.
Guys, when you're cooking, can you
tell me a little video?
[ __ ], [ __ ], [ __ ]. But these rotten words didn't work at all.
Okay, listen, now that we're done talking, I'm cooking.
How are we going to cook these and take them to the picnic spot?
Why? It's a shame. Should I take it with me
or leave it? Guys don't say that
these are foil papers, one-time
papers, you have to bring them,
so why don't you bring them? I'll cook.
I'll bring the foil. So you'll do the
horse eggs.
Now you have to go get them. Go
quickly. Guys, you see, they ca
n't do a single job without me.
Boys do the outside work and
girls do the housework. I'm doing the housework.
Go, what else can I tell them? Guys,
my life is over with working. Now let's quickly
put on our shoes and go shopping.
Wow, the smell of biryani is so strong. Has it become strange
?
Yes, it's almost done. Now we have to pour this into this. Give it to me,
I'll pour it. I pour it.
What? You will pour. Should I say later that I'm
not cooking?
No, no, I won't say no. Don't give it. I won't say give it.
Stay, Dad. Be
careful, be careful. Oh guys, the
biryani is turning out delicious. Guys, while
Antara is cooking biryani, I'll bring everything we
need for our picnic today.
Guys, I'm going to the grocery store. And
I got the guy already here. So, we
actually need this type of bowl for our pick team.
So let's see what we can take from here.
Guys, I'm taking this for biryani. It's
good to have a one-time plate here. I'm also
taking the one-time plate. I brought
everything I needed for the picnic.
Now I'm going home with these.
Guys, I can smell such a beautiful biryani when I come home.
Oh my God! See? I have magic in my hands.
When do you have magic in your hands?
I cooked. You cooked everything, I mixed it, I
just stirred it with a spoon.
What a liar.
Look, I'm bringing everything. Is it
perfect? ​​Look,
absolutely perfect? ​​Nothing happens
without me.
Look, look at our yummy, yummy biryani. Let's
try the biryani a little and see how it turns out. It's
so hot that you can't eat it. Oh my
God! How did you cook such a delicious biryani
?
Again by hand.
You can't make such good biryani in Bangladesh.
What were you guys saying earlier?
Hmm. It's
really been a lot of fun. Do you understand why this is so much fun
? Why?
Because I mixed it all up.
You won't talk to me. Go.
Guys, now I will pour the biryani into this one-time
bowl. Oh, it's so hot. Do
n't give it away. But I won't take it off.
Ah, such a beautiful smell. My
head is spinning.
[Music] We're serving
our
favorite beresta over biryani. Okay guys, everything is
complete. Now I'll wrap it up nicely.
Guys, this is our salad with biryani.
So now I'll wrap the salad nicely.
Guy said something happened, everything is ready.
But I'm not ready in my heart.
So
where did I find the time to get ready while cooking? Go quickly. Be
ready in five minutes.
What do you mean by five minutes? Today I mean I will look
beautiful. I don't need five hours today.
Please don't act. Hurry up. Okay, okay. I will get
ready in an hour.
One hour. Guys. Finally. Finally. Finally.
Getting ready is over. Guys. And today it took me
two hours to get ready. Bye, you are
turning around. Why do you
show me?
Look, at least
you are dressed like a picnic. It looks like
your wedding today.
Yes, wedding. What do
you mean, people dress so simply on wedding day? I
mean, you dress up a lot more on your wedding day.
Of course, I will wear a lehenga for the wedding, then a
saree, then a dress. I have made a normal count here.
Bye, guys. Our wedding ceremony will be
this
year. Inshallah. Inshallah. Inshallah. Guys. I guarantee you all that your
wait will be over. Inshallah. I will give
you good news in a few days.
Guys. These are all the items for our picnic.
Time was very short. Guys.
Alhamdulillah. I was able to manage a lot of things in a short time.
Now, I will pack all these neatly in my bag.
Since it is time for us to go,
hurry up. Guys. Biryani. I put it
in the packet, then I put it in
the cross, then the salad, then the guys are also
bringing sweets. We are here, yum yum
laddus, here are fruits, Pepsi, chips and
kitya. This is our picnic
food and this is Antara's flower. Everything is ready,
Alhamdulillah. Finally, guys,
we are ready. Now, guys, we will leave quickly for the
island. I am very excited. Guys,
how are you feeling about having a picnic on the island today?
I am very excited. You can't see
how excited I am today and I got ready beautifully.
So, now, we will leave quickly for the ferry.
From the ferry, we will take a water taxi to the
island. So, we won't be late. Let's go
quickly to the ferry. Let's go, guys. We have finally arrived at the
ferry. Now, guys,
we will take a water taxi from here to
that distant island. Let's go. The
situation between the two of us has become worse while walking.
Because it
was very close to our house and no car will come here.
That's why you see such a big bag. Guys, I'm
not walking with you.
Guys, this is our water taxi.
Antara will be having a picnic today, so I've booked it all.
So,
come on, just for you. I've
ordered this yellow taxi to match your dress.
Thank you.
Guys left our board. Now
we are going on a journey to
the island.
Our island guys are
basically going to that side of the island.
Finally guys, we're moving to the island.
Today, we guys will sit here and have a picnic.
Just look how beautiful the location is.
Two more guests are coming with us, guys.
My friend and my friend's
sister. Hello, hi. Today, we're all going to have a
picnic together. So now
we'll start setting up all our things here.
So come on guys, after a long time, we have become
four instead of two. It feels good to
see everyone together. Guys, we
all go around together. Seasons are a blessing. I
miss them all a lot. But if I miss them, I wo
n't get them. For now, I have found my white brother.
So today, we will all have a
picnic here. We will quickly
spread the picnic mat and then bring everything here.
Come on,
Finally, guys, we have everything organized.
Today, we are bringing the picnic. Chips,
laddus, croissants, biryani, salad,
grapes, Kit Kat and flowers for Antara.
Now, be happy with the flower. Thank you.
Now we will unpack our food.
Come on, help me. [Music] Guys, the
biryani is so yummy. It
smells so good. Wow.
Rakib couldn't do it. To eat at home.
Because I made it today. So it's been fun.
Sing a lie. I am cooking.
Guys, now our food and drink will start.
And today, our guests will also be
reviewing our food. The guests will say, "Do you
understand what kind of biryani I'm making today?" Oh,
I won't talk to you. But I will leave.
I made it together with two people.
I'm cooking, guys.
And I have everything ready. Are
n't you just?
You're not just like that in front of the camera.
No, no, in real I'm moving. No no.
Brother, please give an honest review after eating. Okay.
What should I actually eat? The smell I get before I eat. The
aroma is filling my stomach. It
looks very tasty. I think
before I eat this, I can say that if they had
a store in Bangladesh, it would be a hit.
Brother, brother [loud laughter]
Guys, let's try the biryani now and see how it tastes. It was so
much fun.
Really,
I have magic in my hands.
I won't eat. Will
Antara eat or swallow?
How is it?
That's fun. Awesome guys, now our guests will
give us a review after eating our food. How was it?
Sadaf bhai. The
biryani is also amazing. The beautiful aroma is even more
fun to eat. I think it is the
best biryani in Bangladesh. If you open
a shop in Bangladesh, this
biryani will be very popular. It is really out of
eleven.
Why are you laughing?
I am telling the truth. Who do you think it is or you?
I don't think so. I think so.
Brother, how was it?
I really liked the biryani.
How much do you want to pay for 10?
12.
10 at 12?
Absolutely right. 100% right.
Guys, the effort was worth it because my biryani was
so much fun. So now I will
start eating biryani. Give it to me, it was mine. Give it.
I am eating. Give it to
me.
You're cooking, you don't need to eat. Go.
The biryani is really good. It's been a lot of fun.
Rakhi is still eating a plate from the guys' house.
I'm eating a spoon, brother. Guys, the food is over.
We are eating well today. I'm eating so much
that my stomach is bloated and my shirt is tearing.
Now guys, let's throw all our one-time plates in the
dustbin. Come on, come on.
Guy sees that someone has
come and sat down here after eating and drinking, but there is no trace of him. Oh,
I can't move. I'm eating too much.
So who will take my picture? Do you
have to take pictures everywhere?
No need to take pictures today. Sit back and enjoy today.
What do you say, guys? I am dressed so beautifully today. I'll
take a picture and ask you to send me the picture.
Come on, I need to take a picture quickly. Okay, let's go. Come on. No matter how
many pictures I take, the
desire to take pictures never ends. How many more pictures do
you need?
What guys? I'm coming abroad and I'm taking pictures, so I wo
n't take them. What should I do? Come for a walk, I won't take pictures.
Well, it's good to take pictures.
Who will eat the remaining food? I'll
eat these at home.
No, you're going to sit down and eat these now.
No, I'm bringing these to take pictures. Guys, are we
bringing these to take pictures?
What is this?
Guys, look how many yummy yummy
laddus we are bringing. Will
you take pictures with these or just nothing? You'll have to take pictures and eat them.
Hmm
no
this laddu is so much fun hmm
guys how do you like it then I will take a picture I am
eating the laddu before now I am
just eating the laddu now I will eat the rest now I will eat
this now no no no take a
picture then you eat it all
I have no problem please no I will
eat it first then take a picture
no first picture then
eat it first
picture please no the
clone is so much fun you want to eat some guys
my mood is ruined I am
not going to take any more pictures now go
really if you are not going to take pictures
then I will eat the rest no no no take it please give it to me.
Wow guys, look how many birds are coming after Antara.
Look, guys, I gave them food as if they were coming to
eat.
Do you want to take a picture with the bird?
Yes, take a picture quickly.
Pose, pose, pose. Hey guys, look
how many cigarettes are behind the curtain. Hurry up, hurry up.
Meanwhile, Rakib is feeding the birds while Guyz watches.
Birds are coming here.
I'm going to take all of you to Bangladesh today.
The birds are very beautiful.
Yes.
Guys, look at what a beautiful location we are coming to.
Guys, you can see the entire city of Toronto from here,
look how
beautiful it is.
Guys, the wandering is over, the picnic is over. And
I'm in a bad mood when it comes to taking pictures. So
now we are going home. Come on. Come on.
I enjoyed that today. Sounds like a lot of fun, doesn't it?
I feel very good.
The cow is walking in front of our house.
Guys, I'll show you our house
from below. Guys, look at these
two big buildings. The one on the other side. Guys,
our house is on the top floor. Our
floor number is 80. You can
see the entire city of Toronto from 80. It
feels like it's moving above the sky.
So let's go home quickly. I'm
very tired. Guys, I've been walking today. Guys, I've been walking
so much on the picnic.
Guys, my condition has worsened. I
came home and slept for a while. My eyes are sore.
Now I wake up and see that it's
10:45 at night. Oh my God, guys, Antara has already
started cooking dinner. What are you cooking for dinner today?
I'm cooking for dinner today. There are many, many interesting
dishes. Chicken fries and noodles.
What's the story? You're cooking such good food today. I
served biryani for lunch.
Now you're telling me chicken fries and noodles again. I'm telling
you that I'm good food today.
I'm feeding you and I don't feed you any other day,
but today is a little more special.
Every day I work so hard to
cook delicious food and today I made you
eat delicious food.
I made you famous. Why are you eating here? I'm getting
angry. Come on,
I understand that I'm going to Bangladesh. I'm so happy. Oh, I
think it's going to be a lot of fun. Today,
I'm making all these chicken fries myself at home.
Yes, you can see that guys, I'm
not making them at
home.
You're just thinking.
You're lying. Okay, okay,
make them. Guys,
look at our yummy yummy dinner. Guys, look at
how many delicious dishes Antara is
making for dinner today. Listen, after seeing these dishes,
an idea comes to my head.
What idea comes to my mind? Let's do the
flip bottle challenge now. I'll
flip the bottle. Whoever flips the bottle will get
unlimited food.
I knew such a devilish idea. Come on, funny
idea. Let's do a
funny flip. I can't eat anything. I can't
say I can. All the food is cold.
Oh no.
Guys, Rakib is bringing more food here now.
Bring some chips and Kit Kats with
you.
Yes, I will do the Flip the Bottle challenge. I will
fill the entire table with food. Guys, I gave you KitKat here. No matter what,
I have to win all the KitKats today. Because
KitKat is my favorite, guys. Guys,
all the food is ready for our bottle flip.
And here the guys are
practicing. Do you think we can? Guys, he's doing it on purpose.
Look, today
I'm making all the delicious food that he's
coming up with a game so that I can't eat any food
and by playing that game, I'll eat it all. Hey,
can you guys? Now we're
going to start the Flip the Bottle game. Let's see
how much can you eat today. Guys,
I'm having a hard time. God knows
what will happen.
You're acting. I know you're very good at it. Guys,
let's start
our Flip the Bottle game. Guys, now our
game is going to start. Who
will flip the bottle first?
Ladies fast. Start it.
Guys, let's see if Antara
can do it. Oh, I can't. Here's
how to do it guys. Give me a [ __ ], give me a [ __ ]. Look,
I'll do this with my eyes closed.
Yes guys, I'm going to eat spicy sauce.
Noodles. Look at the
bottom, look,
look, move it,
sir, brother, can't you [
Music]
to [
Music]
Oh my God, I'm eating all the chicken, I'll eat it,
God will be angry, please, please, please, [ __ ], [ __ ],
[ __ ], I've eaten all the food, get up, get up, get up,
go, go [Music]
No, no, no, no, no,
you'll win,
what will you win,
you go, play, I'll
eat chocolate, thief, I've left everything, I wo
n't steal anything, there's no more
chocolate,
thief, there's a limit, guys, look,
God, I don't need to eat today, this time it's
No, no, I have to eat here,
I'm eating, it won't burn, no, I'm eating, I'm eating,
I'm eating too,
guys, who knows, he said, he won't eat anymore, he has
n't stopped eating, he's still eating, where, where, where, where, he hasn't stopped eating,
listen, such delicious food is being served, guys, besides saying,
ramen and chicken,
hmmm, guys, he's eating four plates of food, guys, he's savoring it all by himself, guys
Like Rakib, I have a devilish idea in my head.
I am bringing you a fun
challenge.
What is the challenge?
It is a luck challenge.
Luck challenge. It means that there will be
a dice. You have to
roll it and there will be 12 chips. And
out of the 12 chips, one of the chips will contain poison. It
means spicy. No, father.
I cannot eat spicy.
No, while rolling, the one whose forehead
gets spicy will have to eat the spicy chip.
Promise me first that you will not cheat
because you are a fool.
I will not cheat. Even though you stole my
chocolates last time, there is no
problem. Now for this, I am
bringing you a spicy challenge. Come on, come on, sing.
They
started arranging the chips on the table. But I do
n't understand anything. What are they doing? You are acting like a crazy goat.
I will explain everything to you later. Don't worry,
God, you are bringing the sauce for spicy noodles.
I told you earlier that there will be poison here.
This poison will be like this [Music]
God, guys, Naga is giving you sauce. Is Antara
crazy or will
anyone be okay if they eat this? Oh
no, the one who is stealing the chocolate will
not be okay at all. Guys,
I have taken a dice here and here, think of the
number that comes up, think of three, you will
eat three from here, or four, you will
eat four, and whatever number comes up,
think of your two coming up, two left in the last,
then you have to eat this, which
means the last, give it to him,
so start fast, I will
not give it to you,
you will give it to
him fast, Antara Antara
got six, six, six,
show me one, three, four, five, six, guys,
now it is my turn, I
got three, one, two, three, Antara got six,
I got five, no, no,
four, whoever gets three, he is the last, God
please, three,
God why did this happen to me, God,
how many spices, I have to eat all these,
I know Antara must have cheated in this game,
guys, my success is what I wanted,
I know you cheat, you are
playing with dice, wherever there is cheating, there will be cheating, there is cheating. It is an online
software. I didn't cheat. Now
less talk, more action. Eat quickly.
Of course I will eat. I'm not a cheater like you.
Yami is
so spicy.
What happened to you?
My face is on fire. It
was a trick, a trick. Guys, you
have seen our entire game life. You
see that I have not cheated.
You are cheating. You are a cheater.
You are a cheater. Finally, guys, it's
revenge time. The ghost pranked me and scared
me. Now
I will take revenge. Look
what I am coming up with to get revenge.
My God, I am scared to see this.
God knows how scared he'll be if he falls.
Guys, I'll have fun if you're scared. Because
I was scared a lot of guys last time,
which is beyond words. So finally today
I will take my revenge. And guys, this is so
scary. Trust me or not. This is very
scary. This mask is face to face. It's
three o'clock in the morning. You could tell Rakib was in a
deep sleep. I just woke up today to play this
prank, wondering when he
would sleep and when I would start this prank.
So finally, now I'll put on the mask and
go into that room. I'll go and scare him [music].
Oh my God.
Much more terrifying.
I feel very scared seeing myself on camera. I will
cover my entire body.
Guys, I'm finally ready. Guys, I have to
go to this room now. That requires some setup.
[Screaming] Are
you
crazy?
What do you think?
I've never done anything so stupid.
No, I never do it. When I do it myself, I do
n't care. How does it feel?
How does it feel to be scared in the middle of the night?
Tell me my revenge. This
mood is getting bad. Go get
up and stand up.
I'll explain the joke later.
Guy Antar made the biggest mistake of his life by messing with me.
He has no idea what's coming next.
You were making a mistake.
When was I wrong? I was joking. I was
joking with you. What's the last series bringing? Brother,
look, it's three doubles in my face. I was having
trouble breathing after reading this.
God, how scary is this thing?
Seeing this, Guy, I couldn't even sleep.
And when will you do this to me next time?
Literary guys are giving me chest pain. I would have
died with a little more stock in my mind.
They say who wouldn't be scared if a witch came to a person's face with her belly in her sleep?
Well, I realized how scared I was.
I've never played such a bad prank on you.
You were doing worse to me.
This is a mask. And you yourself
were coming in ghost size. Like a zombie. Guys, my
prize today is a success. Rakib is
much more scared than Gais. You see,
his throat is dry with fear. He is drinking water now. Not
only my throat but also my soul has dried up.
How did you like today's prank?
Very sad.
Guys, whether Rakib likes it or not, I
know you liked this prank a lot.
So, as of today, we are
leaving here. See you in the
next blog. So until then,
everyone stay well and healthy. Allah is the
protector. Good night. Bye bye. Tata Guy.
Bye or [Music]
