Today, we're all going to have a picnic together. Today, we're all going to have a picnic together. Today, we're all going to have a picnic together. [Music] I ca [Music] I ca [Music] I ca n't eat. n't eat. n't eat. Oh my god, the guy is eating all the chicken.   Will Oh my god, the guy is eating all the chicken.   Will Oh my god, the guy is eating all the chicken.   Will anyone be okay if they eat this? anyone be okay if they eat this? anyone be okay if they eat this? I have received six such bitter antara.  I will cook biryani today. I have received six such bitter antara.  I will cook biryani today. I have received six such bitter antara.  I will cook biryani today. This is our water taxi. This is our water taxi. This is our water taxi. [Music] I think that's the [Music] I think that's the [Music] I think that's the best biryani in Bangladesh.  How many best biryani in Bangladesh.  How many best biryani in Bangladesh.  How many birds are coming behind the heart? Hey guys Assalamu Alaikum birds are coming behind the heart? Hey guys Assalamu Alaikum birds are coming behind the heart? Hey guys Assalamu Alaikum Hossain and welcome to Mynadar's blog Hossain and welcome to Mynadar's blog Hossain and welcome to Mynadar's blog I am in Canada now. Guys, I am in Canada now. Guys, I am in Canada now. Guys, our Canada trip is coming to an end our Canada trip is coming to an end our Canada trip is coming to an end and we will be returning to Bangladesh in just two days. and we will be returning to Bangladesh in just two days. and we will be returning to Bangladesh in just two days. So I thought of having a So I thought of having a So I thought of having a nice picnic for the last time in Canada. nice picnic for the last time in Canada. nice picnic for the last time in Canada. We will make some delicious food from home and We will make some delicious food from home and We will make some delicious food from home and take it to a very beautiful island today. We will take it to a very beautiful island today. We will take it to a very beautiful island today. We will roam around there all day, eat and drink and have a roam around there all day, eat and drink and have a roam around there all day, eat and drink and have a lot of fun. I will share the beautiful moments of the lot of fun. I will share the beautiful moments of the lot of fun. I will share the beautiful moments of the last day of our Canada trip with you in last day of our Canada trip with you in today's blog.  So let's start today's blog.  So let's start today's blog.  So let's start our picnic day, look our picnic day, look our picnic day, look how excited Antar is for the picnic today.  The how excited Antar is for the picnic today.  The how excited Antar is for the picnic today.  The guy is already coming with many flowers. guy is already coming with many flowers. guy is already coming with many flowers. Guy, I'm very excited today. Guy, I'm very excited today. Guy, I'm very excited today. To celebrate a picnic.  Today we will be To celebrate a picnic.  Today we will be celebrating a picnic in a totally different style.  In a word, it would be the best. celebrating a picnic in a totally different style.  In a word, it would be the best. celebrating a picnic in a totally different style.  In a word, it would be the best. The most important thing at a Guy Picnic The most important thing at a Guy Picnic The most important thing at a Guy Picnic is the food.  So now we is the food.  So now we is the food.  So now we need to cook and get our picnic food ready. need to cook and get our picnic food ready. need to cook and get our picnic food ready. So what are we cooking at the picnic today?   I will So what are we cooking at the picnic today?   I will So what are we cooking at the picnic today?   I will cook biryani today. cook biryani today. cook biryani today. Hmm, it'll be fun guys.  Today, after two months, we will Hmm, it'll be fun guys.  Today, after two months, we will Hmm, it'll be fun guys.  Today, after two months, we will eat biryani. eat biryani. eat biryani. I'm very excited guys.  I I'm very excited guys.  I I'm very excited guys.  I missed biryani a lot. missed biryani a lot. missed biryani a lot. Can you cook biryani properly? Can you cook biryani properly? Can you cook biryani properly? What do you say?  I am the master of biryani.   Okay, God willing. What do you say?  I am the master of biryani.   Okay, God willing. What do you say?  I am the master of biryani.   Okay, God willing. Let's quickly Let's quickly Let's quickly start cooking now.  Come on start cooking now.  Come on start cooking now.  Come on guys, look, Rakhi has started working as a boot boy, guys, look, Rakhi has started working as a boot boy, guys, look, Rakhi has started working as a boot boy, she ca she ca she ca n't cook, that's why she's helping me. n't cook, that's why she's helping me. n't cook, that's why she's helping me. Who says I can't cook? Who says I can't cook? Who says I can't cook? I'll cook biryani today, will I'll cook biryani today, will I'll cook biryani today, will you cook it? you cook it? you cook it? Inshallah, guys, today I'll make the Inshallah, guys, today I'll make the Inshallah, guys, today I'll make the best biryani in the world, so fast, guys, best biryani in the world, so fast, guys, best biryani in the world, so fast, guys, I'm cleaning the beef. I'm cleaning the beef. I'm cleaning the beef. Guys, here I'm laminating all the spices in the meat, Guys, here I'm laminating all the spices in the meat, Guys, here I'm laminating all the spices in the meat, properly, properly, properly, and that's why you're laminating it. Yes, and that's why you're laminating it. Yes, and that's why you're laminating it. Yes, look, how yummy it looks. Yes, yes, guys, it's look, how yummy it looks. Yes, yes, guys, it's look, how yummy it looks. Yes, yes, guys, it's marinating. Do you marinating. Do you marinating. Do you understand that it's laminating? Marinate, marinate, understand that it's laminating? Marinate, marinate, understand that it's laminating? Marinate, marinate, marinate. Guys, look, how yummy it's become. marinate. Guys, look, how yummy it's become. marinate. Guys, look, how yummy it's become. I'm completing everything. Antara will just I'm completing everything. Antara will just I'm completing everything. Antara will just put it on the stove and put it on the stove and put it on the stove and stir it with a spoon and it'll be done. stir it with a spoon and it'll be done. stir it with a spoon and it'll be done. Yes, it's clear Yes, it's clear Yes, it's clear who's actually doing the cooking. Guys, who's actually doing the cooking. Guys, who's actually doing the cooking. Guys, here I've got Antara ready. here I've got Antara ready. here I've got Antara ready. Antara is stirring it beautifully. Antara is stirring it beautifully. Antara is stirring it beautifully. Guys, what a big lie you're telling. Or did you get Guys, what a big lie you're telling. Or did you get Guys, what a big lie you're telling. Or did you get me everything ready? I'm getting everything ready.  Oh my me everything ready? I'm getting everything ready.  Oh my me everything ready? I'm getting everything ready.  Oh my God, God, God, just moving the target in the video doesn't make it ready, just moving the target in the video doesn't make it ready, you understand, you can say that, you understand, you can say that, you understand, you can say that, I don't want to say anything to you guys, I don't want to say anything to you guys, I don't want to say anything to you guys, I don't want to say anything to you either, I will cook I don't want to say anything to you either, I will cook I don't want to say anything to you either, I will cook biryani and feed it to you. biryani and feed it to you. biryani and feed it to you. You will understand who is You will understand who is You will understand who is cooking it after playing it. Guys, look, they are coming here to do drama again. cooking it after playing it. Guys, look, they are coming here to do drama again. I didn't come to do drama. I am coming to cook biryani. I didn't come to do drama. I am coming to cook biryani. Yes, now they are going to do this drama. Later, they will say, " Yes, now they are going to do this drama. Later, they will say, " Yes, now they are going to do this drama. Later, they will say, " I cooked biryani." Hey, I cooked biryani." Hey, I cooked biryani." Hey, brother, I am cooking. You are just brother, I am cooking. You are just brother, I am cooking. You are just stirring the stirring the stirring the pola. Come on, who is washing it?" pola. Come on, who is washing it?" pola. Come on, who is washing it?" Me. Me. Me. What a big lie, guys. What a big lie, guys. What a big lie, guys. Guys, I won't bother pronouncing any names. Guys, I won't bother pronouncing any names. Guys, I won't bother pronouncing any names. You can do yours.   Come on, I'm telling You can do yours.   Come on, I'm telling You can do yours.   Come on, I'm telling you to do it. you to do it. you to do it. You do yours.  Guys, I don't understand what the You do yours.  Guys, I don't understand what the You do yours.  Guys, I don't understand what the weather has to do with our picnic? weather has to do with our picnic? weather has to do with our picnic? The day I say I'm going to have a picnic, the The day I say I'm going to have a picnic, the The day I say I'm going to have a picnic, the weather turns cloudy.  The weather is weather turns cloudy.  The weather is weather turns cloudy.  The weather is cloudy today.  God knows if it will cloudy today.  God knows if it will cloudy today.  God knows if it will rain today, guys.  Even though the rain has stopped, I will have a rain today, guys.  Even though the rain has stopped, I will have a rain today, guys.  Even though the rain has stopped, I will have a picnic in the rain today.  The bad picnic in the rain today.  The bad picnic in the rain today.  The bad rain just disturbs us.  Guy rain just disturbs us.  Guy rain just disturbs us.  Guy sees me cooking while I'm in a sees me cooking while I'm in a sees me cooking while I'm in a bad mood and he's sitting here tapping away on his phone. bad mood and he's sitting here tapping away on his phone. bad mood and he's sitting here tapping away on his phone. What a big liar, I've been doing all the cooking all this time. What a big liar, I've been doing all the cooking all this time. What? What? What? You've been cooking for so long. You've been cooking for so long. You've been cooking for so long. Yes, I'm doing everything.  You are making a Yes, I'm doing everything.  You are making a Yes, I'm doing everything.  You are making a fool of yourself. fool of yourself. fool of yourself. Guys, when you're cooking, can you Guys, when you're cooking, can you Guys, when you're cooking, can you tell me a little video? tell me a little video? tell me a little video? [ __ ], [ __ ], [ __ ].  But these rotten words didn't work at all. [ __ ], [ __ ], [ __ ].  But these rotten words didn't work at all. Okay, listen, now that we're done talking, I'm cooking. Okay, listen, now that we're done talking, I'm cooking. How are we going to cook these and take them to the picnic spot? How are we going to cook these and take them to the picnic spot? How are we going to cook these and take them to the picnic spot? Why?  It's a shame.   Should I take it with me Why?  It's a shame.   Should I take it with me Why?  It's a shame.   Should I take it with me or leave it?  Guys don't say that or leave it?  Guys don't say that or leave it?  Guys don't say that these are foil papers, one-time these are foil papers, one-time these are foil papers, one-time papers, you have to bring them, papers, you have to bring them, papers, you have to bring them, so why don't you bring them? I'll cook. so why don't you bring them? I'll cook. so why don't you bring them? I'll cook. I'll bring the foil. So you'll do the I'll bring the foil. So you'll do the I'll bring the foil. So you'll do the horse eggs. horse eggs. horse eggs. Now you have to go get them. Go Now you have to go get them. Go Now you have to go get them. Go quickly. Guys, you see, they ca quickly. Guys, you see, they ca quickly. Guys, you see, they ca n't do a single job without me. n't do a single job without me. n't do a single job without me. Boys do the outside work and Boys do the outside work and Boys do the outside work and girls do the housework. I'm doing the housework. girls do the housework. I'm doing the housework. girls do the housework. I'm doing the housework. Go, what else can I tell them? Guys, Go, what else can I tell them? Guys, Go, what else can I tell them? Guys, my life is over with working. Now let's quickly my life is over with working. Now let's quickly my life is over with working. Now let's quickly put on our shoes and go shopping. put on our shoes and go shopping. put on our shoes and go shopping. Wow, the smell of biryani is so strong. Has it become strange Wow, the smell of biryani is so strong. Has it become strange Wow, the smell of biryani is so strong. Has it become strange ? ? ? Yes, it's almost done.  Now we have to pour this into this.   Give it to me, Yes, it's almost done.  Now we have to pour this into this.   Give it to me, I'll pour it.  I pour it. I'll pour it.  I pour it. I'll pour it.  I pour it. What?  You will pour.  Should I say later that I'm What?  You will pour.  Should I say later that I'm What?  You will pour.  Should I say later that I'm not cooking? not cooking? not cooking? No, no, I won't say no.  Don't give it.  I won't say give it. No, no, I won't say no.  Don't give it.  I won't say give it. No, no, I won't say no.  Don't give it.  I won't say give it. Stay, Dad.   Be Stay, Dad.   Be Stay, Dad.   Be careful, be careful.  Oh guys, the careful, be careful.  Oh guys, the careful, be careful.  Oh guys, the biryani is turning out delicious.  Guys, while biryani is turning out delicious.  Guys, while biryani is turning out delicious.  Guys, while Antara is cooking biryani, I'll bring everything we Antara is cooking biryani, I'll bring everything we Antara is cooking biryani, I'll bring everything we need for our picnic today. need for our picnic today. Guys, I'm going to the grocery store.  And Guys, I'm going to the grocery store.  And Guys, I'm going to the grocery store.  And I got the guy already here.  So, we I got the guy already here.  So, we I got the guy already here.  So, we actually need this type of bowl for our pick team. actually need this type of bowl for our pick team. actually need this type of bowl for our pick team. So let's see what we can take from here. So let's see what we can take from here. So let's see what we can take from here. Guys, I'm taking this for biryani.   It's Guys, I'm taking this for biryani.   It's Guys, I'm taking this for biryani.   It's good to have a one-time plate here.  I'm also good to have a one-time plate here.  I'm also good to have a one-time plate here.  I'm also taking the one-time plate.  I brought taking the one-time plate.  I brought taking the one-time plate.  I brought everything I needed for the picnic. everything I needed for the picnic. everything I needed for the picnic. Now I'm going home with these. Now I'm going home with these. Now I'm going home with these. Guys, I can smell such a beautiful biryani when I come home. Guys, I can smell such a beautiful biryani when I come home. Guys, I can smell such a beautiful biryani when I come home. Oh my God!  See?  I have magic in my hands. Oh my God!  See?  I have magic in my hands. Oh my God!  See?  I have magic in my hands. When do you have magic in your hands? When do you have magic in your hands? When do you have magic in your hands? I cooked.  You cooked everything, I mixed it, I I cooked.  You cooked everything, I mixed it, I I cooked.  You cooked everything, I mixed it, I just stirred it with a spoon. just stirred it with a spoon. just stirred it with a spoon. What a liar. What a liar. What a liar. Look, I'm bringing everything. Is it Look, I'm bringing everything. Is it Look, I'm bringing everything. Is it perfect? ​​Look, perfect? ​​Look, perfect? ​​Look, absolutely perfect? ​​Nothing happens absolutely perfect? ​​Nothing happens absolutely perfect? ​​Nothing happens without me. without me. without me. Look, look at our yummy, yummy biryani. Let's Look, look at our yummy, yummy biryani. Let's Look, look at our yummy, yummy biryani. Let's try the biryani a little and see how it turns out. It's try the biryani a little and see how it turns out. It's so hot that you can't eat it. Oh my God!  How did you cook such a delicious biryani God!  How did you cook such a delicious biryani God!  How did you cook such a delicious biryani ? ? ? Again by hand. Again by hand. Again by hand. You can't make such good biryani in Bangladesh. You can't make such good biryani in Bangladesh. What were you guys saying earlier? What were you guys saying earlier? What were you guys saying earlier? Hmm.   It's Hmm.   It's Hmm.   It's really been a lot of fun.  Do you understand why this is so much fun really been a lot of fun.  Do you understand why this is so much fun really been a lot of fun.  Do you understand why this is so much fun ?  Why? ?  Why? ?  Why? Because I mixed it all up. Because I mixed it all up. Because I mixed it all up. You won't talk to me.  Go. You won't talk to me.  Go. You won't talk to me.  Go. Guys, now I will pour the biryani into this one-time Guys, now I will pour the biryani into this one-time Guys, now I will pour the biryani into this one-time bowl.  Oh, it's so hot.   Do bowl.  Oh, it's so hot.   Do bowl.  Oh, it's so hot.   Do n't give it away.  But I won't take it off. n't give it away.  But I won't take it off. n't give it away.  But I won't take it off. Ah, such a beautiful smell.   My Ah, such a beautiful smell.   My Ah, such a beautiful smell.   My head is spinning. head is spinning. head is spinning. [Music] We're serving [Music] We're serving [Music] We're serving our our our favorite beresta over biryani.  Okay guys, everything is favorite beresta over biryani.  Okay guys, everything is favorite beresta over biryani.  Okay guys, everything is complete.  Now I'll wrap it up nicely. complete.  Now I'll wrap it up nicely. Guys, this is our salad with biryani. Guys, this is our salad with biryani. Guys, this is our salad with biryani. So now I'll wrap the salad nicely. So now I'll wrap the salad nicely. Guy said something happened, everything is ready. Guy said something happened, everything is ready. Guy said something happened, everything is ready. But I'm not ready in my heart. But I'm not ready in my heart. But I'm not ready in my heart. So So So where did I find the time to get ready while cooking?   Go quickly.  Be where did I find the time to get ready while cooking?   Go quickly.  Be where did I find the time to get ready while cooking?   Go quickly.  Be ready in five minutes. ready in five minutes. ready in five minutes. What do you mean by five minutes? Today I mean I will look What do you mean by five minutes? Today I mean I will look What do you mean by five minutes? Today I mean I will look beautiful. I don't need five hours today. beautiful. I don't need five hours today. Please don't act. Hurry up. Okay, okay. I will get Please don't act. Hurry up. Okay, okay. I will get Please don't act. Hurry up. Okay, okay. I will get ready in an hour. ready in an hour. ready in an hour. One hour. Guys. Finally. Finally. Finally. One hour. Guys. Finally. Finally. Finally. One hour. Guys. Finally. Finally. Finally. Getting ready is over. Guys. And today it took me Getting ready is over. Guys. And today it took me Getting ready is over. Guys. And today it took me two hours to get ready. Bye, you are two hours to get ready. Bye, you are two hours to get ready. Bye, you are turning around. Why do you turning around. Why do you turning around. Why do you show me? Look, at least Look, at least Look, at least you are dressed like a picnic. It looks like you are dressed like a picnic. It looks like you are dressed like a picnic. It looks like your wedding today. your wedding today. your wedding today. Yes, wedding. What do Yes, wedding. What do Yes, wedding. What do you mean, people dress so simply on wedding day? I you mean, people dress so simply on wedding day? I mean, you dress up a lot more on your wedding day. mean, you dress up a lot more on your wedding day. mean, you dress up a lot more on your wedding day. Of course, I will wear a lehenga for the wedding, then a Of course, I will wear a lehenga for the wedding, then a Of course, I will wear a lehenga for the wedding, then a saree, then a dress. I have made a normal count here. saree, then a dress. I have made a normal count here. Bye, guys. Our wedding ceremony will be Bye, guys. Our wedding ceremony will be Bye, guys. Our wedding ceremony will be this this this year. Inshallah. Inshallah. Inshallah. Guys. I guarantee you all that your year. Inshallah. Inshallah. Inshallah. Guys. I guarantee you all that your year. Inshallah. Inshallah. Inshallah. Guys. I guarantee you all that your wait will be over. Inshallah. I will give wait will be over. Inshallah. I will give wait will be over. Inshallah. I will give you good news in a few days. you good news in a few days. you good news in a few days. Guys. These are all the items for our picnic. Guys. These are all the items for our picnic. Guys. These are all the items for our picnic. Time was very short. Guys. Time was very short. Guys. Time was very short. Guys. Alhamdulillah. I was able to manage a lot of things in a short time. Alhamdulillah. I was able to manage a lot of things in a short time. Alhamdulillah. I was able to manage a lot of things in a short time. Now, I will pack all these neatly in my bag. Now, I will pack all these neatly in my bag. Now, I will pack all these neatly in my bag. Since it is time for us to go, Since it is time for us to go, Since it is time for us to go, hurry up. Guys. Biryani.  I put it hurry up. Guys. Biryani.  I put it hurry up. Guys. Biryani.  I put it in the packet, then I put it in in the packet, then I put it in in the packet, then I put it in the cross, then the salad, then the guys are also the cross, then the salad, then the guys are also the cross, then the salad, then the guys are also bringing sweets. We are here, yum yum bringing sweets. We are here, yum yum bringing sweets. We are here, yum yum laddus, here are fruits, Pepsi, chips and laddus, here are fruits, Pepsi, chips and laddus, here are fruits, Pepsi, chips and kitya. This is our picnic kitya. This is our picnic kitya. This is our picnic food and this is Antara's flower. Everything is ready, food and this is Antara's flower. Everything is ready, food and this is Antara's flower. Everything is ready, Alhamdulillah. Finally, guys, Alhamdulillah. Finally, guys, Alhamdulillah. Finally, guys, we are ready. Now, guys, we will leave quickly for the we are ready. Now, guys, we will leave quickly for the we are ready. Now, guys, we will leave quickly for the island. I am very excited. Guys, island. I am very excited. Guys, how are you feeling about having a picnic on the island today? how are you feeling about having a picnic on the island today? how are you feeling about having a picnic on the island today? I am very excited. You can't see I am very excited. You can't see I am very excited. You can't see how excited I am today and I got ready beautifully. how excited I am today and I got ready beautifully. how excited I am today and I got ready beautifully. So, now, we will leave quickly for the ferry. So, now, we will leave quickly for the ferry. So, now, we will leave quickly for the ferry. From the ferry, we will take a water taxi to the From the ferry, we will take a water taxi to the From the ferry, we will take a water taxi to the island. So, we won't be late. Let's go island. So, we won't be late. Let's go island. So, we won't be late. Let's go quickly to the ferry. Let's go, guys. We have finally arrived at the quickly to the ferry. Let's go, guys. We have finally arrived at the ferry. Now, guys, ferry. Now, guys, ferry. Now, guys, we will take a water taxi from here to we will take a water taxi from here to we will take a water taxi from here to that distant island. Let's go. The that distant island. Let's go. The that distant island. Let's go. The situation between the two of us has become worse while walking. situation between the two of us has become worse while walking. situation between the two of us has become worse while walking. Because it Because it Because it was very close to our house and no car will come here. was very close to our house and no car will come here. was very close to our house and no car will come here. That's why you see such a big bag.  Guys, I'm That's why you see such a big bag.  Guys, I'm That's why you see such a big bag.  Guys, I'm not walking with you. not walking with you. not walking with you. Guys, this is our water taxi. Guys, this is our water taxi. Guys, this is our water taxi. Antara will be having a picnic today, so I've booked it all. Antara will be having a picnic today, so I've booked it all. So, So, come on, just for you. I've come on, just for you. I've come on, just for you. I've ordered this yellow taxi to match your dress. ordered this yellow taxi to match your dress. ordered this yellow taxi to match your dress. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Guys left our board.  Now Guys left our board.  Now Guys left our board.  Now we are going on a journey to we are going on a journey to we are going on a journey to the island. the island. the island. Our island guys are Our island guys are Our island guys are basically going to that side of the island. basically going to that side of the island. basically going to that side of the island. Finally guys, we're moving to the island. Finally guys, we're moving to the island. Finally guys, we're moving to the island. Today, we guys will sit here and have a picnic. Today, we guys will sit here and have a picnic. Today, we guys will sit here and have a picnic. Just look how beautiful the location is. Just look how beautiful the location is. Just look how beautiful the location is. Two more guests are coming with us, guys. Two more guests are coming with us, guys. Two more guests are coming with us, guys. My friend and my friend's My friend and my friend's My friend and my friend's sister.  Hello, hi.  Today, we're all going to have a sister.  Hello, hi.  Today, we're all going to have a sister.  Hello, hi.  Today, we're all going to have a picnic together.  So now picnic together.  So now picnic together.  So now we'll start setting up all our things here. we'll start setting up all our things here. we'll start setting up all our things here. So come on guys, after a long time, we have become So come on guys, after a long time, we have become So come on guys, after a long time, we have become four instead of two. It feels good to four instead of two. It feels good to four instead of two. It feels good to see everyone together. Guys, we see everyone together. Guys, we see everyone together. Guys, we all go around together. Seasons are a blessing. I all go around together. Seasons are a blessing. I all go around together. Seasons are a blessing. I miss them all a lot. But if I miss them, I wo miss them all a lot. But if I miss them, I wo miss them all a lot. But if I miss them, I wo n't get them. For now, I have found my white brother. n't get them. For now, I have found my white brother. n't get them. For now, I have found my white brother. So today, we will all have a So today, we will all have a So today, we will all have a picnic here. We will quickly picnic here. We will quickly picnic here. We will quickly spread the picnic mat and then bring everything here. spread the picnic mat and then bring everything here. spread the picnic mat and then bring everything here. Come on, Come on, Come on, Finally, guys, we have everything organized. Finally, guys, we have everything organized. Finally, guys, we have everything organized. Today, we are bringing the picnic. Chips, Today, we are bringing the picnic. Chips, Today, we are bringing the picnic. Chips, laddus, croissants, biryani, salad, laddus, croissants, biryani, salad, laddus, croissants, biryani, salad, grapes, Kit Kat and flowers for Antara. grapes, Kit Kat and flowers for Antara. grapes, Kit Kat and flowers for Antara. Now, be happy with the flower.   Thank you. Now, be happy with the flower.   Thank you. Now we will unpack our food. Now we will unpack our food. Now we will unpack our food. Come on, help me.  [Music] Guys, the Come on, help me.  [Music] Guys, the Come on, help me.  [Music] Guys, the biryani is so yummy.  It biryani is so yummy.  It biryani is so yummy.  It smells so good.  Wow. smells so good.  Wow. smells so good.  Wow. Rakib couldn't do it.  To eat at home. Rakib couldn't do it.  To eat at home. Rakib couldn't do it.  To eat at home. Because I made it today.  So it's been fun. Because I made it today.  So it's been fun. Because I made it today.  So it's been fun. Sing a lie.  I am cooking. Sing a lie.  I am cooking. Sing a lie.  I am cooking. Guys, now our food and drink will start. Guys, now our food and drink will start. Guys, now our food and drink will start. And today, our guests will also be And today, our guests will also be And today, our guests will also be reviewing our food.  The guests will say, "Do you reviewing our food.  The guests will say, "Do you reviewing our food.  The guests will say, "Do you understand what kind of biryani I'm making today?"   Oh, understand what kind of biryani I'm making today?"   Oh, understand what kind of biryani I'm making today?"   Oh, I won't talk to you.  But I will leave. I won't talk to you.  But I will leave. I made it together with two people. I made it together with two people. I made it together with two people. I'm cooking, guys. I'm cooking, guys. I'm cooking, guys. And I have everything ready.  Are And I have everything ready.  Are And I have everything ready.  Are n't you just? n't you just? n't you just? You're not just like that in front of the camera. You're not just like that in front of the camera. You're not just like that in front of the camera. No, no, in real I'm moving.   No no. No, no, in real I'm moving.   No no. Brother, please give an honest review after eating.  Okay. Brother, please give an honest review after eating.  Okay. Brother, please give an honest review after eating.  Okay. What should I actually eat?  The smell I get before I eat.  The What should I actually eat?  The smell I get before I eat.  The What should I actually eat?  The smell I get before I eat.  The aroma is filling my stomach.   It aroma is filling my stomach.   It aroma is filling my stomach.   It looks very tasty.  I think looks very tasty.  I think looks very tasty.  I think before I eat this, I can say that if they had before I eat this, I can say that if they had before I eat this, I can say that if they had a store in Bangladesh, it would be a hit. a store in Bangladesh, it would be a hit. a store in Bangladesh, it would be a hit. Brother, brother [loud laughter] Brother, brother [loud laughter] Brother, brother [loud laughter] Guys, let's try the biryani now and see how it tastes.   It was so Guys, let's try the biryani now and see how it tastes.   It was so Guys, let's try the biryani now and see how it tastes.   It was so much fun. much fun. much fun. Really, Really, Really, I have magic in my hands. I have magic in my hands. I have magic in my hands. I won't eat.   Will I won't eat.   Will I won't eat.   Will Antara eat or swallow? Antara eat or swallow? Antara eat or swallow? How is it? How is it? How is it? That's fun.  Awesome guys, now our guests will That's fun.  Awesome guys, now our guests will That's fun.  Awesome guys, now our guests will give us a review after eating our food. How was it? give us a review after eating our food. How was it? give us a review after eating our food. How was it? Sadaf bhai. The Sadaf bhai. The Sadaf bhai. The biryani is also amazing. The beautiful aroma is even more biryani is also amazing. The beautiful aroma is even more biryani is also amazing. The beautiful aroma is even more fun to eat. I think it is the fun to eat. I think it is the fun to eat. I think it is the best biryani in Bangladesh. If you open best biryani in Bangladesh. If you open best biryani in Bangladesh. If you open a shop in Bangladesh, this a shop in Bangladesh, this a shop in Bangladesh, this biryani will be very popular. It is really out of biryani will be very popular. It is really out of biryani will be very popular. It is really out of eleven. eleven. eleven. Why are you laughing? Why are you laughing? Why are you laughing? I am telling the truth. Who do you think it is or you? I am telling the truth. Who do you think it is or you? I am telling the truth. Who do you think it is or you? I don't think so. I think so. I don't think so. I think so. I don't think so. I think so. Brother, how was it? Brother, how was it? Brother, how was it? I really liked the biryani. I really liked the biryani. I really liked the biryani. How much do you want to pay for 10? How much do you want to pay for 10? How much do you want to pay for 10? 12. 12. 12. 10 at 12? 10 at 12? 10 at 12? Absolutely right.  100% right. Absolutely right.  100% right. Absolutely right.  100% right. Guys, the effort was worth it because my biryani was Guys, the effort was worth it because my biryani was Guys, the effort was worth it because my biryani was so much fun.  So now I will so much fun.  So now I will so much fun.  So now I will start eating biryani.  Give it to me, it was mine.   Give it. start eating biryani.  Give it to me, it was mine.   Give it. start eating biryani.  Give it to me, it was mine.   Give it. I am eating.   Give it to I am eating.   Give it to I am eating.   Give it to me. me. me. You're cooking, you don't need to eat.   Go. You're cooking, you don't need to eat.   Go. You're cooking, you don't need to eat.   Go. The biryani is really good.  It's been a lot of fun. The biryani is really good.  It's been a lot of fun. The biryani is really good.  It's been a lot of fun. Rakhi is still eating a plate from the guys' house. Rakhi is still eating a plate from the guys' house. I'm eating a spoon, brother.  Guys, the food is over. I'm eating a spoon, brother.  Guys, the food is over. I'm eating a spoon, brother.  Guys, the food is over. We are eating well today.  I'm eating so much We are eating well today.  I'm eating so much We are eating well today.  I'm eating so much that my stomach is bloated and my shirt is tearing. that my stomach is bloated and my shirt is tearing. that my stomach is bloated and my shirt is tearing. Now guys, let's throw all our one-time plates in the Now guys, let's throw all our one-time plates in the Now guys, let's throw all our one-time plates in the dustbin.  Come on, come on. dustbin.  Come on, come on. dustbin.  Come on, come on. Guy sees that someone has Guy sees that someone has Guy sees that someone has come and sat down here after eating and drinking, but there is no trace of him.   Oh, come and sat down here after eating and drinking, but there is no trace of him.   Oh, come and sat down here after eating and drinking, but there is no trace of him.   Oh, I can't move.  I'm eating too much. I can't move.  I'm eating too much. I can't move.  I'm eating too much. So who will take my picture?   Do you So who will take my picture?   Do you So who will take my picture?   Do you have to take pictures everywhere? have to take pictures everywhere? have to take pictures everywhere? No need to take pictures today.  Sit back and enjoy today. No need to take pictures today.  Sit back and enjoy today. No need to take pictures today.  Sit back and enjoy today. What do you say, guys?  I am dressed so beautifully today.  I'll What do you say, guys?  I am dressed so beautifully today.  I'll What do you say, guys?  I am dressed so beautifully today.  I'll take a picture and ask you to send me the picture. take a picture and ask you to send me the picture. take a picture and ask you to send me the picture. Come on, I need to take a picture quickly.   Okay, let's go.   Come on.  No matter how Come on, I need to take a picture quickly.   Okay, let's go.   Come on.  No matter how many pictures I take, the many pictures I take, the many pictures I take, the desire to take pictures never ends.  How many more pictures do desire to take pictures never ends.  How many more pictures do desire to take pictures never ends.  How many more pictures do you need? you need? you need? What guys?  I'm coming abroad and I'm taking pictures, so I wo What guys?  I'm coming abroad and I'm taking pictures, so I wo What guys?  I'm coming abroad and I'm taking pictures, so I wo n't take them.  What should I do?  Come for a walk, I won't take pictures. n't take them.  What should I do?  Come for a walk, I won't take pictures. n't take them.  What should I do?  Come for a walk, I won't take pictures. Well, it's good to take pictures. Well, it's good to take pictures. Well, it's good to take pictures. Who will eat the remaining food?   I'll Who will eat the remaining food?   I'll Who will eat the remaining food?   I'll eat these at home. eat these at home. eat these at home. No, you're going to sit down and eat these now. No, you're going to sit down and eat these now. No, you're going to sit down and eat these now. No, I'm bringing these to take pictures.   Guys, are we No, I'm bringing these to take pictures.   Guys, are we No, I'm bringing these to take pictures.   Guys, are we bringing these to take pictures? bringing these to take pictures? bringing these to take pictures? What is this? What is this? What is this? Guys, look how many yummy yummy Guys, look how many yummy yummy Guys, look how many yummy yummy laddus we are bringing.  Will laddus we are bringing.  Will laddus we are bringing.  Will you take pictures with these or just nothing?  You'll have to take pictures and eat them. you take pictures with these or just nothing?  You'll have to take pictures and eat them. you take pictures with these or just nothing?  You'll have to take pictures and eat them. Hmm Hmm Hmm no no no this laddu is so much fun hmm this laddu is so much fun hmm this laddu is so much fun hmm guys how do you like it then I will take a picture I am guys how do you like it then I will take a picture I am guys how do you like it then I will take a picture I am eating the laddu before now I am eating the laddu before now I am eating the laddu before now I am just eating the laddu now I will eat the rest now I will eat just eating the laddu now I will eat the rest now I will eat just eating the laddu now I will eat the rest now I will eat this now no no no take a this now no no no take a this now no no no take a picture then you eat it all picture then you eat it all picture then you eat it all I have no problem please no I will I have no problem please no I will I have no problem please no I will eat it first then take a picture eat it first then take a picture eat it first then take a picture no first picture then no first picture then no first picture then eat it first eat it first eat it first picture please no the picture please no the picture please no the clone is so much fun you want to eat some guys clone is so much fun you want to eat some guys clone is so much fun you want to eat some guys my mood is ruined I am my mood is ruined I am my mood is ruined I am not going to take any more pictures now go not going to take any more pictures now go not going to take any more pictures now go really if you are not going to take pictures really if you are not going to take pictures really if you are not going to take pictures then I will eat the rest no no no take it please give it to me. then I will eat the rest no no no take it please give it to me. Wow guys, look how many birds are coming after Antara. Wow guys, look how many birds are coming after Antara. Wow guys, look how many birds are coming after Antara. Look, guys, I gave them food as if they were coming to Look, guys, I gave them food as if they were coming to Look, guys, I gave them food as if they were coming to eat. eat. eat. Do you want to take a picture with the bird? Do you want to take a picture with the bird? Do you want to take a picture with the bird? Yes, take a picture quickly. Yes, take a picture quickly. Yes, take a picture quickly. Pose, pose, pose.  Hey guys, look Pose, pose, pose.  Hey guys, look Pose, pose, pose.  Hey guys, look how many cigarettes are behind the curtain.  Hurry up, hurry up. how many cigarettes are behind the curtain.  Hurry up, hurry up. how many cigarettes are behind the curtain.  Hurry up, hurry up. Meanwhile, Rakib is feeding the birds while Guyz watches. Meanwhile, Rakib is feeding the birds while Guyz watches. Meanwhile, Rakib is feeding the birds while Guyz watches. Birds are coming here. Birds are coming here. Birds are coming here. I'm going to take all of you to Bangladesh today. I'm going to take all of you to Bangladesh today. I'm going to take all of you to Bangladesh today. The birds are very beautiful. The birds are very beautiful. The birds are very beautiful. Yes. Yes. Yes. Guys, look at what a beautiful location we are coming to. Guys, look at what a beautiful location we are coming to. Guys, look at what a beautiful location we are coming to. Guys, you can see the entire city of Toronto from here, Guys, you can see the entire city of Toronto from here, Guys, you can see the entire city of Toronto from here, look how look how look how beautiful it is. beautiful it is. beautiful it is. Guys, the wandering is over, the picnic is over.  And Guys, the wandering is over, the picnic is over.  And Guys, the wandering is over, the picnic is over.  And I'm in a bad mood when it comes to taking pictures.  So I'm in a bad mood when it comes to taking pictures.  So I'm in a bad mood when it comes to taking pictures.  So now we are going home.  Come on.   Come on. now we are going home.  Come on.   Come on. now we are going home.  Come on.   Come on. I enjoyed that today.  Sounds like a lot of fun, doesn't it? I enjoyed that today.  Sounds like a lot of fun, doesn't it? I enjoyed that today.  Sounds like a lot of fun, doesn't it? I feel very good. I feel very good. I feel very good. The cow is walking in front of our house. The cow is walking in front of our house. The cow is walking in front of our house. Guys, I'll show you our house Guys, I'll show you our house Guys, I'll show you our house from below. Guys, look at these from below. Guys, look at these from below. Guys, look at these two big buildings. The one on the other side. Guys, two big buildings. The one on the other side. Guys, two big buildings. The one on the other side. Guys, our house is on the top floor. Our our house is on the top floor. Our our house is on the top floor. Our floor number is 80. You can floor number is 80. You can floor number is 80. You can see the entire city of Toronto from 80. It see the entire city of Toronto from 80. It feels like it's moving above the sky. feels like it's moving above the sky. So let's go home quickly. I'm So let's go home quickly. I'm So let's go home quickly. I'm very tired. Guys, I've been walking today. Guys, I've been walking very tired. Guys, I've been walking today. Guys, I've been walking very tired. Guys, I've been walking today. Guys, I've been walking so much on the picnic. so much on the picnic. so much on the picnic. Guys, my condition has worsened. I Guys, my condition has worsened. I Guys, my condition has worsened. I came home and slept for a while. My eyes are sore. came home and slept for a while. My eyes are sore. came home and slept for a while. My eyes are sore. Now I wake up and see that it's Now I wake up and see that it's Now I wake up and see that it's 10:45 at night. Oh my God, guys, Antara has already 10:45 at night. Oh my God, guys, Antara has already started cooking dinner. What are you cooking for dinner today? started cooking dinner. What are you cooking for dinner today? I'm cooking for dinner today. There are many, many interesting I'm cooking for dinner today. There are many, many interesting I'm cooking for dinner today. There are many, many interesting dishes. Chicken fries and noodles. dishes. Chicken fries and noodles. dishes. Chicken fries and noodles. What's the story? You're cooking such good food today. I What's the story? You're cooking such good food today. I What's the story? You're cooking such good food today. I served biryani for lunch. served biryani for lunch. served biryani for lunch. Now you're telling me chicken fries and noodles again. I'm telling Now you're telling me chicken fries and noodles again. I'm telling Now you're telling me chicken fries and noodles again. I'm telling you that I'm good food today. you that I'm good food today. you that I'm good food today. I'm feeding you and I don't feed you any other day, I'm feeding you and I don't feed you any other day, I'm feeding you and I don't feed you any other day, but today is a little more special. but today is a little more special. but today is a little more special. Every day I work so hard to Every day I work so hard to Every day I work so hard to cook delicious food and today I made you cook delicious food and today I made you cook delicious food and today I made you eat delicious food. eat delicious food. eat delicious food. I made you famous. Why are you eating here? I'm getting I made you famous. Why are you eating here? I'm getting I made you famous. Why are you eating here? I'm getting angry. Come on, angry. Come on, angry. Come on, I understand that I'm going to Bangladesh. I'm so happy. Oh, I I understand that I'm going to Bangladesh. I'm so happy. Oh, I I understand that I'm going to Bangladesh. I'm so happy. Oh, I think it's going to be a lot of fun. Today, think it's going to be a lot of fun. Today, think it's going to be a lot of fun. Today, I'm making all these chicken fries myself at home. I'm making all these chicken fries myself at home. I'm making all these chicken fries myself at home. Yes, you can see that guys, I'm Yes, you can see that guys, I'm Yes, you can see that guys, I'm not making them at not making them at not making them at home. home. home. You're just thinking. You're just thinking. You're just thinking. You're lying. Okay, okay, You're lying. Okay, okay, You're lying. Okay, okay, make them. Guys, make them. Guys, make them. Guys, look at our yummy yummy dinner. Guys, look at look at our yummy yummy dinner. Guys, look at look at our yummy yummy dinner. Guys, look at how many delicious dishes Antara is how many delicious dishes Antara is how many delicious dishes Antara is making for dinner today. Listen, after seeing these dishes, making for dinner today. Listen, after seeing these dishes, making for dinner today. Listen, after seeing these dishes, an idea comes to my head. an idea comes to my head. an idea comes to my head. What idea comes to my mind? Let's do the What idea comes to my mind? Let's do the What idea comes to my mind? Let's do the flip bottle challenge now. I'll flip bottle challenge now. I'll flip bottle challenge now. I'll flip the bottle. Whoever flips the bottle will get flip the bottle. Whoever flips the bottle will get flip the bottle. Whoever flips the bottle will get unlimited food. unlimited food. unlimited food. I knew such a devilish idea. Come on, funny I knew such a devilish idea. Come on, funny I knew such a devilish idea. Come on, funny idea. Let's do a idea. Let's do a idea. Let's do a funny flip. I can't eat anything. I can't funny flip. I can't eat anything. I can't say I can.  All the food is cold. say I can.  All the food is cold. say I can.  All the food is cold. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Guys, Rakib is bringing more food here now. Guys, Rakib is bringing more food here now. Guys, Rakib is bringing more food here now. Bring some chips and Kit Kats with Bring some chips and Kit Kats with Bring some chips and Kit Kats with you. you. you. Yes, I will do the Flip the Bottle challenge.  I will Yes, I will do the Flip the Bottle challenge.  I will Yes, I will do the Flip the Bottle challenge.  I will fill the entire table with food.  Guys, I gave you KitKat here.  No matter what, fill the entire table with food.  Guys, I gave you KitKat here.  No matter what, I have to win all the KitKats today.  Because I have to win all the KitKats today.  Because I have to win all the KitKats today.  Because KitKat is my favorite, guys.  Guys, KitKat is my favorite, guys.  Guys, KitKat is my favorite, guys.  Guys, all the food is ready for our bottle flip. all the food is ready for our bottle flip. all the food is ready for our bottle flip. And here the guys are And here the guys are And here the guys are practicing.  Do you think we can?   Guys, he's doing it on purpose. practicing.  Do you think we can?   Guys, he's doing it on purpose. practicing.  Do you think we can?   Guys, he's doing it on purpose. Look, today Look, today Look, today I'm making all the delicious food that he's I'm making all the delicious food that he's I'm making all the delicious food that he's coming up with a game so that I can't eat any food coming up with a game so that I can't eat any food coming up with a game so that I can't eat any food and by playing that game, I'll eat it all. Hey, and by playing that game, I'll eat it all. Hey, and by playing that game, I'll eat it all. Hey, can you guys? Now we're can you guys? Now we're can you guys? Now we're going to start the Flip the Bottle game. Let's see going to start the Flip the Bottle game. Let's see going to start the Flip the Bottle game. Let's see how much can you eat today. Guys, how much can you eat today. Guys, how much can you eat today. Guys, I'm having a hard time. God knows I'm having a hard time. God knows I'm having a hard time. God knows what will happen. what will happen. what will happen. You're acting. I know you're very good at it. Guys, You're acting. I know you're very good at it. Guys, You're acting. I know you're very good at it. Guys, let's start let's start let's start our Flip the Bottle game. Guys, now our our Flip the Bottle game. Guys, now our our Flip the Bottle game. Guys, now our game is going to start.  Who game is going to start.  Who game is going to start.  Who will flip the bottle first? will flip the bottle first? will flip the bottle first? Ladies fast.   Start it. Ladies fast.   Start it. Ladies fast.   Start it. Guys, let's see if Antara Guys, let's see if Antara Guys, let's see if Antara can do it.  Oh, I can't.  Here's can do it.  Oh, I can't.  Here's can do it.  Oh, I can't.  Here's how to do it guys.  Give me a [ __ ], give me a [ __ ].  Look, how to do it guys.  Give me a [ __ ], give me a [ __ ].  Look, how to do it guys.  Give me a [ __ ], give me a [ __ ].  Look, I'll do this with my eyes closed. I'll do this with my eyes closed. I'll do this with my eyes closed. Yes guys, I'm going to eat spicy sauce. Yes guys, I'm going to eat spicy sauce. Yes guys, I'm going to eat spicy sauce. Noodles.   Look at the bottom, look, bottom, look, bottom, look, look, move it, sir, brother, can't you [ sir, brother, can't you [ sir, brother, can't you [ Music] to [ Music] Oh my God, I'm eating all the chicken, I'll eat it, Oh my God, I'm eating all the chicken, I'll eat it, Oh my God, I'm eating all the chicken, I'll eat it, God will be angry, please, please, please, [ __ ], [ __ ], God will be angry, please, please, please, [ __ ], [ __ ], God will be angry, please, please, please, [ __ ], [ __ ], [ __ ], I've eaten all the food, get up, get up, get up, [ __ ], I've eaten all the food, get up, get up, get up, [ __ ], I've eaten all the food, get up, get up, get up, go, go [Music] No, no, no, no, no, No, no, no, no, no, No, no, no, no, no, you'll win, you'll win, what will you win, what will you win, what will you win, you go, play, I'll you go, play, I'll you go, play, I'll eat chocolate, thief, I've left everything, I wo eat chocolate, thief, I've left everything, I wo eat chocolate, thief, I've left everything, I wo n't steal anything, there's no more n't steal anything, there's no more n't steal anything, there's no more chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, thief, there's a limit, guys, look, thief, there's a limit, guys, look, thief, there's a limit, guys, look, God, I don't need to eat today, this time it's God, I don't need to eat today, this time it's No, no, I have to eat here, No, no, I have to eat here, No, no, I have to eat here, I'm eating, it won't burn, no, I'm eating, I'm eating, I'm eating, it won't burn, no, I'm eating, I'm eating, I'm eating too, I'm eating too, I'm eating too, guys, who knows, he said, he won't eat anymore, he has guys, who knows, he said, he won't eat anymore, he has guys, who knows, he said, he won't eat anymore, he has n't stopped eating, he's still eating, where, where, where, where, he hasn't stopped eating, n't stopped eating, he's still eating, where, where, where, where, he hasn't stopped eating, listen, such delicious food is being served, guys, besides saying, listen, such delicious food is being served, guys, besides saying, listen, such delicious food is being served, guys, besides saying, ramen and chicken, ramen and chicken, ramen and chicken, hmmm, guys, he's eating four plates of food, guys, he's savoring it all by himself, guys hmmm, guys, he's eating four plates of food, guys, he's savoring it all by himself, guys Like Rakib, I have a devilish idea in my head. Like Rakib, I have a devilish idea in my head. Like Rakib, I have a devilish idea in my head. I am bringing you a fun I am bringing you a fun I am bringing you a fun challenge. challenge. challenge. What is the challenge? What is the challenge? What is the challenge? It is a luck challenge. It is a luck challenge. It is a luck challenge. Luck challenge. It means that there will be Luck challenge. It means that there will be Luck challenge. It means that there will be a dice. You have to a dice. You have to a dice. You have to roll it and there will be 12 chips. And roll it and there will be 12 chips. And roll it and there will be 12 chips. And out of the 12 chips, one of the chips will contain poison. It out of the 12 chips, one of the chips will contain poison. It out of the 12 chips, one of the chips will contain poison. It means spicy. No, father. means spicy. No, father. means spicy. No, father. I cannot eat spicy. I cannot eat spicy. I cannot eat spicy. No, while rolling, the one whose forehead No, while rolling, the one whose forehead No, while rolling, the one whose forehead gets spicy will have to eat the spicy chip. gets spicy will have to eat the spicy chip. gets spicy will have to eat the spicy chip. Promise me first that you will not cheat Promise me first that you will not cheat Promise me first that you will not cheat because you are a fool. because you are a fool. because you are a fool. I will not cheat. Even though you stole my I will not cheat. Even though you stole my I will not cheat. Even though you stole my chocolates last time, there is no chocolates last time, there is no chocolates last time, there is no problem. Now for this, I am problem. Now for this, I am problem. Now for this, I am bringing you a spicy challenge. Come on, come on, sing. bringing you a spicy challenge. Come on, come on, sing. bringing you a spicy challenge. Come on, come on, sing. They They They started arranging the chips on the table. But I do started arranging the chips on the table. But I do started arranging the chips on the table. But I do n't understand anything. What are they doing? You are acting like a crazy goat. n't understand anything. What are they doing? You are acting like a crazy goat. n't understand anything. What are they doing? You are acting like a crazy goat. I will explain everything to you later. Don't worry, I will explain everything to you later. Don't worry, God, you are bringing the sauce for spicy noodles. God, you are bringing the sauce for spicy noodles. God, you are bringing the sauce for spicy noodles. I told you earlier that there will be poison here. I told you earlier that there will be poison here. I told you earlier that there will be poison here. This poison will be like this [Music] This poison will be like this [Music] This poison will be like this [Music] God, guys, Naga is giving you sauce. Is Antara God, guys, Naga is giving you sauce. Is Antara God, guys, Naga is giving you sauce. Is Antara crazy or will crazy or will crazy or will anyone be okay if they eat this? Oh anyone be okay if they eat this? Oh anyone be okay if they eat this? Oh no, the one who is stealing the chocolate will no, the one who is stealing the chocolate will no, the one who is stealing the chocolate will not be okay at all.  Guys, not be okay at all.  Guys, not be okay at all.  Guys, I have taken a dice here and here, think of the I have taken a dice here and here, think of the I have taken a dice here and here, think of the number that comes up, think of three, you will number that comes up, think of three, you will number that comes up, think of three, you will eat three from here, or four, you will eat three from here, or four, you will eat three from here, or four, you will eat four, and whatever number comes up, eat four, and whatever number comes up, eat four, and whatever number comes up, think of your two coming up, two left in the last, think of your two coming up, two left in the last, think of your two coming up, two left in the last, then you have to eat this, which then you have to eat this, which then you have to eat this, which means the last, give it to him, means the last, give it to him, means the last, give it to him, so start fast, I will so start fast, I will so start fast, I will not give it to you, not give it to you, not give it to you, you will give it to you will give it to you will give it to him fast, Antara Antara him fast, Antara Antara him fast, Antara Antara got six, six, six, got six, six, six, got six, six, six, show me one, three, four, five, six, guys, show me one, three, four, five, six, guys, now it is my turn, I now it is my turn, I now it is my turn, I got three, one, two, three, Antara got six, I got five, no, no, I got five, no, no, I got five, no, no, four, whoever gets three, he is the last, God four, whoever gets three, he is the last, God four, whoever gets three, he is the last, God please, three, God why did this happen to me, God, how many spices, I have to eat all these, how many spices, I have to eat all these, how many spices, I have to eat all these, I know Antara must have cheated in this game, I know Antara must have cheated in this game, guys, my success is what I wanted, guys, my success is what I wanted, I know you cheat, you are I know you cheat, you are playing with dice, wherever there is cheating, there will be cheating, there is cheating.  It is an online playing with dice, wherever there is cheating, there will be cheating, there is cheating.  It is an online playing with dice, wherever there is cheating, there will be cheating, there is cheating.  It is an online software.  I didn't cheat.  Now software.  I didn't cheat.  Now software.  I didn't cheat.  Now less talk, more action.  Eat quickly. less talk, more action.  Eat quickly. less talk, more action.  Eat quickly. Of course I will eat.  I'm not a cheater like you. Yami is Yami is Yami is so spicy. What happened to you? What happened to you? What happened to you? My face is on fire.  It My face is on fire.  It My face is on fire.  It was a trick, a trick.  Guys, you was a trick, a trick.  Guys, you was a trick, a trick.  Guys, you have seen our entire game life. You have seen our entire game life. You have seen our entire game life. You see that I have not cheated. see that I have not cheated. see that I have not cheated. You are cheating. You are a cheater. You are cheating. You are a cheater. You are cheating. You are a cheater. You are a cheater. Finally, guys, it's You are a cheater. Finally, guys, it's You are a cheater. Finally, guys, it's revenge time. The ghost pranked me and scared revenge time. The ghost pranked me and scared revenge time. The ghost pranked me and scared me. Now me. Now me. Now I will take revenge. Look I will take revenge. Look I will take revenge. Look what I am coming up with to get revenge. what I am coming up with to get revenge. what I am coming up with to get revenge. My God, I am scared to see this. My God, I am scared to see this. My God, I am scared to see this. God knows how scared he'll be if he falls. God knows how scared he'll be if he falls. God knows how scared he'll be if he falls. Guys, I'll have fun if you're scared.  Because Guys, I'll have fun if you're scared.  Because Guys, I'll have fun if you're scared.  Because I was scared a lot of guys last time, I was scared a lot of guys last time, I was scared a lot of guys last time, which is beyond words.  So finally today which is beyond words.  So finally today which is beyond words.  So finally today I will take my revenge.  And guys, this is so I will take my revenge.  And guys, this is so I will take my revenge.  And guys, this is so scary.  Trust me or not.  This is very scary.  Trust me or not.  This is very scary.  Trust me or not.  This is very scary.  This mask is face to face.  It's scary.  This mask is face to face.  It's scary.  This mask is face to face.  It's three o'clock in the morning.  You could tell Rakib was in a three o'clock in the morning.  You could tell Rakib was in a three o'clock in the morning.  You could tell Rakib was in a deep sleep.  I just woke up today to play this deep sleep.  I just woke up today to play this deep sleep.  I just woke up today to play this prank, wondering when he prank, wondering when he prank, wondering when he would sleep and when I would start this prank. would sleep and when I would start this prank. would sleep and when I would start this prank. So finally, now I'll put on the mask and So finally, now I'll put on the mask and So finally, now I'll put on the mask and go into that room.  I'll go and scare him [music]. go into that room.  I'll go and scare him [music]. go into that room.  I'll go and scare him [music]. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Much more terrifying. Much more terrifying. Much more terrifying. I feel very scared seeing myself on camera.  I will I feel very scared seeing myself on camera.  I will I feel very scared seeing myself on camera.  I will cover my entire body. cover my entire body. cover my entire body. Guys, I'm finally ready.  Guys, I have to Guys, I'm finally ready.  Guys, I have to Guys, I'm finally ready.  Guys, I have to go to this room now.  That requires some setup. [Screaming] Are you you you crazy? What do you think? What do you think? What do you think? I've never done anything so stupid. I've never done anything so stupid. I've never done anything so stupid. No, I never do it. When I do it myself, I do No, I never do it. When I do it myself, I do No, I never do it. When I do it myself, I do n't care. How does it feel? n't care. How does it feel? n't care. How does it feel? How does it feel to be scared in the middle of the night? How does it feel to be scared in the middle of the night? How does it feel to be scared in the middle of the night? Tell me my revenge. This Tell me my revenge. This Tell me my revenge. This mood is getting bad. Go get mood is getting bad. Go get mood is getting bad. Go get up and stand up. up and stand up. up and stand up. I'll explain the joke later. I'll explain the joke later. I'll explain the joke later. Guy Antar made the biggest mistake of his life by messing with me. Guy Antar made the biggest mistake of his life by messing with me. He has no idea what's coming next. He has no idea what's coming next. He has no idea what's coming next. You were making a mistake. You were making a mistake. You were making a mistake. When was I wrong? I was joking. I was When was I wrong? I was joking. I was When was I wrong? I was joking. I was joking with you. What's the last series bringing? Brother, joking with you. What's the last series bringing? Brother, joking with you. What's the last series bringing? Brother, look, it's three doubles in my face. I was having look, it's three doubles in my face. I was having look, it's three doubles in my face. I was having trouble breathing after reading this. trouble breathing after reading this. trouble breathing after reading this. God, how scary is this thing? God, how scary is this thing? God, how scary is this thing? Seeing this, Guy, I couldn't even sleep. Seeing this, Guy, I couldn't even sleep. And when will you do this to me next time? And when will you do this to me next time? And when will you do this to me next time? Literary guys are giving me chest pain.   I would have Literary guys are giving me chest pain.   I would have Literary guys are giving me chest pain.   I would have died with a little more stock in my mind. died with a little more stock in my mind. They say who wouldn't be scared if a witch came to a person's face with her belly in her sleep? They say who wouldn't be scared if a witch came to a person's face with her belly in her sleep? They say who wouldn't be scared if a witch came to a person's face with her belly in her sleep? Well, I realized how scared I was. Well, I realized how scared I was. Well, I realized how scared I was. I've never played such a bad prank on you. I've never played such a bad prank on you. I've never played such a bad prank on you. You were doing worse to me. You were doing worse to me. You were doing worse to me. This is a mask.  And you yourself This is a mask.  And you yourself This is a mask.  And you yourself were coming in ghost size.  Like a zombie.  Guys, my were coming in ghost size.  Like a zombie.  Guys, my were coming in ghost size.  Like a zombie.  Guys, my prize today is a success.  Rakib is prize today is a success.  Rakib is prize today is a success.  Rakib is much more scared than Gais.  You see, much more scared than Gais.  You see, much more scared than Gais.  You see, his throat is dry with fear.  He is drinking water now.   Not his throat is dry with fear.  He is drinking water now.   Not his throat is dry with fear.  He is drinking water now.   Not only my throat but also my soul has dried up. only my throat but also my soul has dried up. only my throat but also my soul has dried up. How did you like today's prank? How did you like today's prank? How did you like today's prank? Very sad. Very sad. Very sad. Guys, whether Rakib likes it or not, I Guys, whether Rakib likes it or not, I Guys, whether Rakib likes it or not, I know you liked this prank a lot. know you liked this prank a lot. know you liked this prank a lot. So, as of today, we are So, as of today, we are So, as of today, we are leaving here.  See you in the leaving here.  See you in the leaving here.  See you in the next blog.  So until then, next blog.  So until then, next blog.  So until then, everyone stay well and healthy.  Allah is the everyone stay well and healthy.  Allah is the everyone stay well and healthy.  Allah is the protector.  Good night.  Bye bye.  Tata Guy. protector.  Good night.  Bye bye.  Tata Guy. protector.  Good night.  Bye bye.  Tata Guy. Bye or [Music]