This hairstyle is becoming very viral these days. This hairstyle is becoming very viral these days. This hairstyle is becoming very viral these days. So, I thought why not So, I thought why not So, I thought why not try it too.  For this we try it too.  For this we try it too.  For this we need a lot of rubber bands, so I have taken this need a lot of rubber bands, so I have taken this need a lot of rubber bands, so I have taken this and will partition my hair into two and put and will partition my hair into two and put and will partition my hair into two and put it behind.  Then we will move it behind.  Then we will move it behind.  Then we will move a little hair forward from both sides so that we a little hair forward from both sides so that we a little hair forward from both sides so that we can put a rubber band in it.  So look at this and can put a rubber band in it.  So look at this and can put a rubber band in it.  So look at this and moving it a little higher we have to put a rubber band moving it a little higher we have to put a rubber band moving it a little higher we have to put a rubber band so that the design is made well.  And then the same so that the design is made well.  And then the same so that the design is made well.  And then the same process has to be followed again.  You have to take hair from here process has to be followed again.  You have to take hair from here process has to be followed again.  You have to take hair from here and hair from there.  And and hair from there.  And and hair from there.  And put a rubber band here.  Then put a rubber band here.  Then put a rubber band here.  Then we have to repeat the same process again.  You have to take some hair we have to repeat the same process again.  You have to take some hair we have to repeat the same process again.  You have to take some hair from here and apply rubber on this hair from here and apply rubber on this hair from here and apply rubber on this hair and then take it from here.  I have to and then take it from here.  I have to and then take it from here.  I have to put it in that one.  I don't know whether I am able to put it in that one.  I don't know whether I am able to put it in that one.  I don't know whether I am able to explain it well to you people explain it well to you people explain it well to you people or not.  You will understand more after watching it. or not.  You will understand more after watching it. or not.  You will understand more after watching it. So just do the entire hair in this manner. So just do the entire hair in this manner. So just do the entire hair in this manner. And finally, And finally, And finally, when your hair at the back is finished, then when your hair at the back is finished, then when your hair at the back is finished, then you should put a rubber band in the remaining hair you should put a rubber band in the remaining hair you should put a rubber band in the remaining hair so that it looks good from the back.  So here so that it looks good from the back.  So here so that it looks good from the back.  So here I have put a rubber band and will I have put a rubber band and will I have put a rubber band and will inflate it a little so that it looks good. inflate it a little so that it looks good. inflate it a little so that it looks good. And now comes the turn to move the hair back, that is, to And now comes the turn to move the hair back, that is, to And now comes the turn to move the hair back, that is, to see the result.  So see the result.  So see the result.  So look, this is the hairstyle I have created. look, this is the hairstyle I have created. look, this is the hairstyle I have created. By the way, his hair was not curly.  My hair By the way, his hair was not curly.  My hair By the way, his hair was not curly.  My hair is straight so you might not like the design a little. is straight so you might not like the design a little. is straight so you might not like the design a little. Well, Well, Well, I have made this hairstyle for the first time, so I think I have made this hairstyle for the first time, so I think I have made this hairstyle for the first time, so I think I have given my best, but I have given my best, but I have given my best, but I made one mistake, I should I made one mistake, I should I made one mistake, I should not have worn this dress, then this hairstyle would have looked not have worn this dress, then this hairstyle would have looked not have worn this dress, then this hairstyle would have looked better, ok bye, see you better, ok bye, see you better, ok bye, see you in the next video.