As you saw in the previous mini blog, we As you saw in the previous mini blog, we As you saw in the previous mini blog, we came here for a newborn photoshoot. came here for a newborn photoshoot. came here for a newborn photoshoot. He came and cut off my nose.  Because at He came and cut off my nose.  Because at He came and cut off my nose.  Because at other times, if I fed him a little, he other times, if I fed him a little, he other times, if I fed him a little, he would sleep for three hours straight.  And it's been two or three hours since I arrived here. would sleep for three hours straight.  And it's been two or three hours since I arrived here. would sleep for three hours straight.  And it's been two or three hours since I arrived here. He does He does He does n't even want to sleep.  Everyone was exhausted when they tried to put him to sleep. n't even want to sleep.  Everyone was exhausted when they tried to put him to sleep. n't even want to sleep.  Everyone was exhausted when they tried to put him to sleep. So here we So here we So here we ordered a pizza from Pampa.  I think ordered a pizza from Pampa.  I think ordered a pizza from Pampa.  I think he was having a little trouble sleeping in his new place. he was having a little trouble sleeping in his new place. he was having a little trouble sleeping in his new place. Finally, after two hours of trying, Finally, after two hours of trying, Finally, after two hours of trying, he was able to get some sleep. he was able to get some sleep. he was able to get some sleep. Because if he wants to click good pictures, Because if he wants to click good pictures, Because if he wants to click good pictures, he must sleep.  And after he fell asleep, he must sleep.  And after he fell asleep, he must sleep.  And after he fell asleep, he was being changed into a new outfit he was being changed into a new outfit he was being changed into a new outfit and placed in a new background. and placed in a new background. and placed in a new background. What more can I tell you about how cute she looked? What more can I tell you about how cute she looked? What more can I tell you about how cute she looked? I'm slowly posting her beautiful pictures on I'm slowly posting her beautiful pictures on I'm slowly posting her beautiful pictures on Instagram.  And Instagram.  And Instagram.  And Suchandadi handled the situation very efficiently. Suchandadi handled the situation very efficiently. Suchandadi handled the situation very efficiently. And you know, And you know, And you know, I really liked the background of Harry Potter. I really liked the background of Harry Potter. I really liked the background of Harry Potter. I thought it could only be done if it was a boy. I thought it could only be done if it was a boy. I thought it could only be done if it was a boy. But he didn't say there were separate dresses for girls. But he didn't say there were separate dresses for girls. Be sure to let me know in the comments how my poppy looks in the Harmonic Drencher costume. Be sure to let me know in the comments how my poppy looks in the Harmonic Drencher costume. Be sure to let me know in the comments how my poppy looks in the Harmonic Drencher costume. The photo of the poster alone was not taken. The photo of the poster alone was not taken. The photo of the poster alone was not taken. We also had some family portraits We also had some family portraits We also had some family portraits taken with him.  Obik's only hope was that he would be able to taken with him.  Obik's only hope was that he would be able to see them when he grew up.  So we will not only keep them in soft see them when he grew up.  So we will not only keep them in soft see them when he grew up.  So we will not only keep them in soft copies but also in albums.  It was a very copies but also in albums.  It was a very copies but also in albums.  It was a very fun day.  And many pictures have been fun day.  And many pictures have been fun day.  And many pictures have been clicked.  I will post everything slowly. clicked.  I will post everything slowly. clicked.  I will post everything slowly. You stay tuned.