What does my day look like after a night shift?
I work far from my family home and I do
n't want to miss these important moments, so
we start the day by going to the train station and
look how empty the underground passages in the center of
Warsaw are. This morning, shocking. Well,
listen, I had to eat something, so
Maczek flew in. I think I love this Kaiser roll
from the breakfast menu, because
I slept for about 40 minutes, so overall it
's not bad. Marcin left me the car, so
I just had to find it in the parking lot and
drove home, which was about
15 or 20 minutes, and it was
my niece's one-year-old birthday that day, so as
you can see, the decorations are already underway. There is nothing more
beautiful than my
girls' laughter. The tiredness disappeared for a moment
and at that moment I decided: "Okay, I won't
go to sleep tonight." But listen, I
took off my makeup and ate a quick
breakfast. There was a church fair in my town that
day, so my dad was still
keeping an eye on the parking lot, you know,
traffic, so the barbecue wasn't until 2 p.m.
Did I get a poppy seed for breakfast, and
then an apple pie? maybe. I
played a little with the box, a little with
the dog, and my mother and sister
took care of the table and the food. There
is a lot of interest in the dog in general
and while putting on makeup I decided I couldn't
stand it anymore, I had to go to sleep,
so I took an hour's nap.
I woke up and felt myself getting into my dress. In
general, look how we feel about each other.
Normally twins.
Another niece arrived and we started the
party with cheese soup with balls. Absolutely delicious
. I love, I love,
I love. Well, of course, like a fair stalls
. I hadn't been to the stalls for so many
years that it was a huge attraction for me
. I'm not joking. I took some
photos. We had a lot of fun during it. In
general, talking to my three-year-old is on a
different level. The steak tartare arrived,
my second love. Generally, as the classic
saying goes, how quickly these children grow up.
Seriously, this is terrifying. Rozalka
was determined to get rid of Marcin with the cans. It was
quite funny. There was a cake and my goodness, those
are plums from the tree. I have the impression that they have
not been here for years and finally the
fruit has appeared. These are the best
plums in the world. I wanted to warm up my
ass, but at first it was too hot, and
then I decided I wouldn't
wash myself again before the
chlorine train. We had no seats. There
were quite a few people in the corridors,
so we went out to a
wheelchair accessible car, something like that. And
you know, I'm a veteran, I wanted to sit down
on the ground, and you're here, no, no, no,
you sit down. Overall, it really
touched me, but I also felt
guilty, so I came back with a
jar, as befits a jar,
I brought some soup for tomorrow's shift,
I washed off my makeup and listen, around 10:00 PM,
Marcin and I collapsed. Smiley, bye. Ah.
