What does my day look like after a night shift? What does my day look like after a night shift? What does my day look like after a night shift? I work far from my family home and I do I work far from my family home and I do I work far from my family home and I do n't want to miss these important moments, so n't want to miss these important moments, so n't want to miss these important moments, so we start the day by going to the train station and we start the day by going to the train station and we start the day by going to the train station and look how empty the underground passages in the center of look how empty the underground passages in the center of look how empty the underground passages in the center of Warsaw are.  This morning, shocking.  Well, Warsaw are.  This morning, shocking.  Well, Warsaw are.  This morning, shocking.  Well, listen, I had to eat something, so listen, I had to eat something, so listen, I had to eat something, so Maczek flew in.  I think I love this Kaiser roll Maczek flew in.  I think I love this Kaiser roll Maczek flew in.  I think I love this Kaiser roll from the breakfast menu, because from the breakfast menu, because from the breakfast menu, because I slept for about 40 minutes, so overall it I slept for about 40 minutes, so overall it I slept for about 40 minutes, so overall it 's not bad.  Marcin left me the car, so 's not bad.  Marcin left me the car, so 's not bad.  Marcin left me the car, so I just had to find it in the parking lot and I just had to find it in the parking lot and I just had to find it in the parking lot and drove home, which was about drove home, which was about drove home, which was about 15 or 20 minutes, and it was 15 or 20 minutes, and it was 15 or 20 minutes, and it was my niece's one-year-old birthday that day, so as my niece's one-year-old birthday that day, so as my niece's one-year-old birthday that day, so as you can see, the decorations are already underway.  There is nothing more you can see, the decorations are already underway.  There is nothing more you can see, the decorations are already underway.  There is nothing more beautiful than my beautiful than my beautiful than my girls' laughter.  The tiredness disappeared for a moment girls' laughter.  The tiredness disappeared for a moment girls' laughter.  The tiredness disappeared for a moment and at that moment I decided: "Okay, I won't and at that moment I decided: "Okay, I won't and at that moment I decided: "Okay, I won't go to sleep tonight."  But listen, I go to sleep tonight."  But listen, I go to sleep tonight."  But listen, I took off my makeup and ate a quick took off my makeup and ate a quick took off my makeup and ate a quick breakfast.  There was a church fair in my town that breakfast.  There was a church fair in my town that breakfast.  There was a church fair in my town that day, so my dad was still day, so my dad was still day, so my dad was still keeping an eye on the parking lot, you know, keeping an eye on the parking lot, you know, keeping an eye on the parking lot, you know, traffic, so the barbecue wasn't until 2 p.m. traffic, so the barbecue wasn't until 2 p.m. traffic, so the barbecue wasn't until 2 p.m. Did I get a poppy seed for breakfast, and Did I get a poppy seed for breakfast, and Did I get a poppy seed for breakfast, and then an apple pie?  maybe.  I then an apple pie?  maybe.  I then an apple pie?  maybe.  I played a little with the box, a little with played a little with the box, a little with played a little with the box, a little with the dog, and my mother and sister the dog, and my mother and sister the dog, and my mother and sister took care of the table and the food.   There took care of the table and the food.   There took care of the table and the food.   There is a lot of interest in the dog in general is a lot of interest in the dog in general is a lot of interest in the dog in general and while putting on makeup I decided I couldn't and while putting on makeup I decided I couldn't and while putting on makeup I decided I couldn't stand it anymore, I had to go to sleep, stand it anymore, I had to go to sleep, stand it anymore, I had to go to sleep, so I took an hour's nap. so I took an hour's nap. so I took an hour's nap. I woke up and felt myself getting into my dress.  In I woke up and felt myself getting into my dress.  In I woke up and felt myself getting into my dress.  In general, look how we feel about each other. general, look how we feel about each other. general, look how we feel about each other. Normally twins. Normally twins. Normally twins. Another niece arrived and we started the Another niece arrived and we started the Another niece arrived and we started the party with cheese soup with balls.   Absolutely delicious party with cheese soup with balls.   Absolutely delicious party with cheese soup with balls.   Absolutely delicious .  I love, I love, .  I love, I love, .  I love, I love, I love.  Well, of course, like a fair stalls I love.  Well, of course, like a fair stalls I love.  Well, of course, like a fair stalls .  I hadn't been to the stalls for so many .  I hadn't been to the stalls for so many .  I hadn't been to the stalls for so many years that it was a huge attraction for me years that it was a huge attraction for me years that it was a huge attraction for me .  I'm not joking.  I took some .  I'm not joking.  I took some .  I'm not joking.  I took some photos.  We had a lot of fun during it.  In photos.  We had a lot of fun during it.  In photos.  We had a lot of fun during it.  In general, talking to my three-year-old is on a general, talking to my three-year-old is on a general, talking to my three-year-old is on a different level.  The steak tartare arrived, different level.  The steak tartare arrived, different level.  The steak tartare arrived, my second love.  Generally, as the classic my second love.  Generally, as the classic my second love.  Generally, as the classic saying goes, how quickly these children grow up. saying goes, how quickly these children grow up. saying goes, how quickly these children grow up. Seriously, this is terrifying.  Rozalka Seriously, this is terrifying.  Rozalka Seriously, this is terrifying.  Rozalka was determined to get rid of Marcin with the cans.  It was was determined to get rid of Marcin with the cans.  It was was determined to get rid of Marcin with the cans.  It was quite funny.  There was a cake and my goodness, those quite funny.  There was a cake and my goodness, those quite funny.  There was a cake and my goodness, those are plums from the tree.  I have the impression that they have are plums from the tree.  I have the impression that they have are plums from the tree.  I have the impression that they have not been here for years and finally the not been here for years and finally the not been here for years and finally the fruit has appeared.  These are the best fruit has appeared.  These are the best fruit has appeared.  These are the best plums in the world.  I wanted to warm up my plums in the world.  I wanted to warm up my plums in the world.  I wanted to warm up my ass, but at first it was too hot, and ass, but at first it was too hot, and ass, but at first it was too hot, and then I decided I wouldn't then I decided I wouldn't then I decided I wouldn't wash myself again before the wash myself again before the wash myself again before the chlorine train.  We had no seats.   There chlorine train.  We had no seats.   There chlorine train.  We had no seats.   There were quite a few people in the corridors, were quite a few people in the corridors, were quite a few people in the corridors, so we went out to a so we went out to a so we went out to a wheelchair accessible car, something like that.  And wheelchair accessible car, something like that.  And wheelchair accessible car, something like that.  And you know, I'm a veteran, I wanted to sit down you know, I'm a veteran, I wanted to sit down you know, I'm a veteran, I wanted to sit down on the ground, and you're here, no, no, no, on the ground, and you're here, no, no, no, on the ground, and you're here, no, no, no, you sit down.  Overall, it really you sit down.  Overall, it really you sit down.  Overall, it really touched me, but I also felt touched me, but I also felt touched me, but I also felt guilty, so I came back with a guilty, so I came back with a guilty, so I came back with a jar, as befits a jar, jar, as befits a jar, jar, as befits a jar, I brought some soup for tomorrow's shift, I brought some soup for tomorrow's shift, I brought some soup for tomorrow's shift, I washed off my makeup and listen, around 10:00 PM, I washed off my makeup and listen, around 10:00 PM, I washed off my makeup and listen, around 10:00 PM, Marcin and I collapsed.  Smiley, bye.  Ah.