Suku le Suku le Suku le [screaming sound] Suku le Suku le Suku le [screaming sound] Suku le Suku le Suku le [screaming sound] Ray what were you doing near my bus? Ray what were you doing near my bus? Ray what were you doing near my bus? You will have to play the game. Hey brother, what happened, is the bus not starting Hey brother, what happened, is the bus not starting Hey brother, what happened, is the bus not starting ?  Oh yes friend brother, I don't know ?  Oh yes friend brother, I don't know ?  Oh yes friend brother, I don't know what happened.  It was on a while ago. what happened.  It was on a while ago. what happened.  It was on a while ago. Brother, if you say so, I will fix it.  My Brother, if you say so, I will fix it.  My Brother, if you say so, I will fix it.  My grandfather was also a mechanic.  I am also a mechanic grandfather was also a mechanic.  I am also a mechanic grandfather was also a mechanic.  I am also a mechanic and my son is also a mechanic.  Hey, and my son is also a mechanic.  Hey, and my son is also a mechanic.  Hey, what's the matter, brother?  Your family is what's the matter, brother?  Your family is what's the matter, brother?  Your family is mechanics, so do it.  Ok. mechanics, so do it.  Ok. mechanics, so do it.  Ok. Wait 2 minutes.  I will do it now. Wait 2 minutes.  I will do it now. Wait 2 minutes.  I will do it now. Hey, it will be fun. Hey, it will be fun. Hey, it will be fun. Why brother, is it happening or not? Why brother, is it happening or not? Why brother, is it happening or not? Start.  Hey brother, I am not moving forward. Start.  Hey brother, I am not moving forward. Start.  Hey brother, I am not moving forward. Brother, I am not able to push. Brother, I am not able to push. Brother, I am not able to push. Do one thing systematically.  You are Do one thing systematically.  You are Do one thing systematically.  You are fat by the way.  You push.  I sit on the seat. fat by the way.  You push.  I sit on the seat. fat by the way.  You push.  I sit on the seat. Oh yes friend, you said the right thing.   No no no, Oh yes friend, you said the right thing.   No no no, Oh yes friend, you said the right thing.   No no no, something is wrong here.   There something is wrong here.   There something is wrong here.   There must be some problem.   Wait a minute.  Be must be some problem.   Wait a minute.  Be must be some problem.   Wait a minute.  Be patient. Hey brother, if it's done then stop it, stop it [Laughter] Hey brother, if it's done then stop it, stop it [Laughter] Hey brother, if it's done then stop it, stop it [Laughter] Son, it's happened, the Son, it's happened, the Son, it's happened, the bastard has cheated you.