Welcome to this Excel basics video
tutorial. In this tutorial, I'll be
showing you most of the basics that you
need to know in order to get started
using Microsoft Excel. And the version
of Excel that I'm going to be using in
this tutorial is Excel 2016 for Windows.
Having said that, if you're using a
different version of Excel, maybe an
older version or even a newer version or
if you use Excel on a Mac, there will be
some slight differences, but for the
most part, I would say 95% of what I
show in this tutorial will be very
applicable to you and your usage of
Excel. So, I simply clicked the icon
here to get started using Excel. And
Excel now would like me to make a
choice. It wants to know if I would like
to open up an Excel template or simply
open a blank workbook. You can see that
there are lots of templates to choose
from. This is a welcome to Excel tour
and it's a good way to kind of learn
some of the basics of Excel, but that's
why you're watching my video, so I'm
going to skip that one. There's a cash
flow analysis, there's email insights,
stock symbols, there's a sales invoice,
there's a budget in here. Here it is, a
family budget. There's all sorts of
great Excel spreadsheets that you can
just open up and start changing the
data, start using it that way. So, I
would encourage you to browse and
explore these templates that are
available to you. In addition to the 30
or so templates that you have here,
there is an option to search online
templates. So, I'm going to do a search
for budget. And you can see it comes up
with even more budgets. You're not
limited just to the one family budget.
There's a whole bunch that you can
choose from. Over here on the right,
there's categories that you can sift
through and you can select the specific
kind of budget or spreadsheet template
that you would like to use. If you find
one that you do want to use, you can
just click on it and click create and it
will make a copy of that as a
spreadsheet that you can open and use in
Excel. So, please do spend some time
exploring what's available. And in many
cases, much of the work is already done
for you. you can simply use somebody
else's template and adjust it for what
you need. Now, templates are very
useful, but having said that, I think in
order to really learn how to use Excel
fully and properly, it's best to start
with a blank workbook. So, I'm just
going to double click on that to select
a blank workbook and open it up. And the
first thing we need to do is learn about
the layout that we have in Excel 2016.
There are certain terms that you're
going to need to know. First of all,
across the top, we have some tabs. Okay,
we have the home tab, the insert tab,
page layout, and more. As you can see,
each of these tabs is pretty important.
And when you click on a particular tab,
it opens up a ribbon. Okay, this is the
ribbon for the home tab. If I click the
page layout tab, I get the page layout
ribbon. Now, each ribbon is divided up
into groups. So you can see I have a
themes group, I have a page setup group,
a scale to fit group, and these are all
on the page layout ribbon. And I get to
that ribbon by clicking on the page
layout tab. So those are some important
terms that you'll need to know. Tab,
ribbon, group. And you'll notice in the
corner of some of these groups, there's
what I like to call a launch button.
Okay? So the scale to fit group has a
little launch button in the corner. The
sheet options group has a launch button
in the corner. The arrange group doesn't
seem to have one. Now what are these
launch buttons? Basically you can click
on those launch buttons to give you even
more options. So what Microsoft has done
here is they've tried to fit all of the
page layout options on this ribbon. But
of course there's a limited amount of
geography. there's a limited amount of
space that they have to work with. And
so sometimes they can fit everything in
that little group. Sometimes they can't.
And if they can't, there's a launch
button that you can click to get even
more. So that's why some have a launch
button, some don't. Okay. I think it's
important to start with that terminology
because I'm going to be using it
throughout this tutorial. All right. A
couple of other layout terms that you're
going to need to know in the spreadsheet
itself. This is the spreadsheet. And
spreadsheets are made up of columns and
rows. Okay, so you can see we have an A
column, a B column, C column, etc. And
if I browse to the right, okay, you can
see that there's even more than that.
And if needed, it'll just keep going to
the right, adding more and more columns.
Okay, once it gets to Z, it goes to AA,
column A. And so lots and lots of
columns in this spreadsheet. Now, what
about rows? I have row number one, row
number two, row number three. Okay, so
spreadsheets are made up of columns and
rows. Now the intersection of a column
and a row is what produces a cell. So
this is a cell and every cell in Excel
has a name. Okay, this particular cell
is named C2. And you can imagine how I
got that name. It's just the
intersection of the column and the row.
This particular cell here has a name.
It's
M9. And this is
I16. Now, that may seem obvious and
unimportant, but it's actually very
exciting and powerful that every cell in
Excel has a name. Because it has a name,
you can describe it and you can have
Excel do certain things with the content
in each cell. We'll get to that a little
bit later. All right. Now, in addition
to columns, rows, and cells, there's
another part of a spreadsheet that you
need to know about, and that is a range.
Okay? Now, a range is a group of cells
that are together. A range could be
this. It could be this. It could be
this. It could be any number of things.
It's basically a group of cells that are
next to each other that are together.
And guess what? Ranges can also be named
just like cells can. So just like this
is named L7, I can also name this. Okay.
Now the way you name a range is you
start in the upper left and you name the
cell in the upper left. So this is L7
and then you say the word through. So L7
through and then you say the name of the
cell in the lower right
N12. So L7 through
N12 that is the name of this range. Now
in the back of your mind just tuck this
piece of information. The way you would
write the name of this range is you
would write
L7 through. The symbol for through is a
colon and then you would put N12. So
that is how you would write the name of
the range that you see here. Okay. I'm
going to tap escape to get out of that
because I don't really want to type that
in the cell. So, that was some
background information that you're going
to need in order to really use Excel
properly. Now that we've talked about
the layout of the ribbon and the tabs
and the groups and things and also the
spreadsheet itself with the columns, the
rows, the cells, and the ranges. And
actually, I should add a couple more.
You can see that this is all on a sheet,
sheet one, and I can add a sheet two,
sheet three, etc. Each of these sheets
added together is what creates a
workbook. So sheets or worksheets add up
to a workbook. Okay. So now that we've
got all of that as a foundation for our
Excel use, let's now start actually
creating and working on an Excel
spreadsheet. Now to make this a little
bit more interesting for you to look at,
I'm going to zoom in a little bit. So,
I'm going to use this slider in the
lower right corner, and I'll just click
and drag to zoom in on my spreadsheet.
Okay, so that should be a little bit
easier for you to see. And now I'm going
to click on A1 and enter some data in
this A1 cell. And just as an example,
let's say I want to use Excel to create
an inventory of my movie collection.
Okay, now this could be anything. If
you're a teacher, maybe this is the
supplies that you have that you loan out
to the students or if you're a secretary
at a school. Let's say you're in charge
of keeping track of the supplies at the
school, whatever it might be. But let's
say I want to do an inventory of the
movies that I own. First thing I want to
do is maybe put a little title in there.
So, I'm going to type in A1 and I'll
type movie inventory. And you'll notice
that my text is bigger than the cell
itself. It goes too far to the right.
But you know what? Don't worry about
that. Just hit enter or return on the
keyboard. And I've successfully entered
my first data into this spreadsheet.
Now, it looks like these words movie
inventory are spilling over from A1 into
B1. But in actuality, that's not true.
It's an illusion. Both of these words
are stored in A1. If I click on B1, I
could type in B1 and hit return or
enter. And you'll notice that movie
inventory is still stored in A1. Okay?
So they don't interact. They don't
interfere with each other. So no need to
worry if your text is too wide to fit in
A1. But having said that, sometimes
making your spreadsheet look nice
actually helps you use it better. So
let's talk about how I could maybe fix
this. It's not really a problem, but how
could I fix it if I want to make it look
a little nicer? Well, what I can do, I
can stretch out any column or even any
row if I want to by just putting my
mouse between any two column letters.
So, this is column A, column B. Put my
mouse between the two, right on the line
or very close to it. And you'll notice
that my mouse cursor changed into a
double-sided arrow. That's a good sign.
So, now I can click and drag to stretch
that out to make it wider. Now, you may
have noticed when I entered movie
inventory into that cell and I hit enter
or return, it automatically moved me
down. In Excel, when you tap enter or
return, you move down the spreadsheet.
If you want to move up the spreadsheet,
you can hold shift and hit enter or
return and it will move up. Okay, so
shift enter or shift return moves up.
Enter or return moves down. Now, what if
you want to move to the right? Maybe I
want to type something in B1. What I
would do is I would tap tab. Tab moves
you to the right. So I could enter more
text there and then tap tab and enter
more text there and just keep tabbing
over. What if you want to move left? I
bet you can guess what it is. You would
hold shift and tap tab. So shift is
basically used to do the opposite of
whatever it would be otherwise. So enter
return is normally down, but shift enter
return is up. tab is to the right, shift
tab is to the left. Another way you can
navigate throughout the spreadsheet is
by using the arrows on your keyboard. If
you find the up, down, left, right
arrows, you can just use those to move
up, down, left, or right. It's a little
bit more awkward than using enter or
shift enter, but that's another option.
And of course, you can also use your
mouse to click on where you want to go.
But I'll tell you, if you can learn to
use Excel simply with the keyboard
without using your mouse very much, it's
really going to go a lot better for you.
So, I've got my title in there. Now, I'm
going to click on A2, and I'm going to
type in the word title. That's where
I'll put the movie title. Now, I'll tap
tab to move over to the right. And I'll
put in date purchased. Tab again.
Rating. Tab again. Value. Tab again.
Genre. and tab again location. And that
will store quite a bit of information
for me about my movie inventory. All
right, with that last one, when I hit
enter, it moved me down and it moved to
the left expecting me to put in the
first record is what they call it. And
the first record would be the first
movie. So, let's say I put in Star Wars.
Again, I could tap tab to move over to
the right. I could say, okay, I
purchased it 2007. It's rated PG. It's
worth maybe $5 and it's science fiction
and it's located in the living room.
Okay, so that's an example of data
entry. How you can enter data into a
spreadsheet by clicking on a cell or
somehow getting on a cell, typing, and
then hitting either tab to move to the
right or enter to move down. Now, as
another example, I'm going to type in
another record, and I'll put in some
other information here. And at this
point, let's say I notice a misspelled
word and I would like to fix that. Okay,
you'll notice that I misspelled empire.
If I click on cell A4 to try to fix that
misspelling, watch what will happen. As
soon as I type, it erases what was
there. Okay, the reason why is because
when I clicked on that cell, when you
click on a cell, anything that you type
replaces what is there already. It
deletes what's there and then replaces
it with whatever you type. So, there's a
distinction I need to tell you about.
There's a difference between being on a
cell and being in a cell. To get in a
cell, you have to doubleclick on it.
Okay? Notice what happened when I
doubleclicked on that cell. It actually
jumped me inside the cell. And now I
have a cursor that's flashing. And I can
click or I can use the arrow keys to
move that cursor where I want it to be.
So, there is a big difference between
being on a cell and being in a cell. In
this case, I don't want to be on the
cell. I don't want to replace all of the
text in this cell. I want to click twice
quickly. Now, I've jumped inside it and
I have this cursor and I can move it
where I want it to be. Fix the
misspelling. Hit return. Again, that may
seem like a very small insignificant
thing, but Excel is all about details.
And all of these little details will
really enhance your use of Excel. So,
please stick with me and pay attention
to these details and I promise your use
of Excel will be much more satisfying
and effective. Now, give me a few
minutes to put in a few more records and
then I'll resume the tutorial. Okay, so
I've finished putting in some movies
here and some records is what they're
called. Each of these rows contains a
record. And to help you see this a
little bit better, I'm going to zoom
back out a little bit so you can see
I've put in quite a few movies here.
Now, what we need to do next is dress
this up a little bit, make it look a
little better. It just doesn't look
quite right to our eye at this point.
So, what are some things that we can do
to make this look nicer? First of all,
here at the top, my title basically of
this spreadsheet, it's kind of off to
the side and it doesn't have anything
that makes it stand out and look
different. So, I'm going to click on it
on the cell and I'm going to click up
here at the top on the home tab in the
home ribbon. I can click on bold to give
it a bold look. So, that will help it
stand out. Notice that I can also use
the paint bucket tool to paint the
background of that cell. I may or may
not want to do that. In this case, I
don't necessarily want that. So, I'm
going to click the arrow next to it and
I'm going to go to no fill. I could also
change the color of the text itself.
Okay, so that is also an option. I'm
going to go back to black in this case.
In addition, I could italicize or
underline. Those are all good options to
have, but that will help the text stand
out a little bit. Another thing I can do
is click on cell A1 and drag. I'm still
holding the mouse click and I'm going to
drag until I've covered all of the
content of my spreadsheet. So the
content of this spreadsheet ends at
column F. I don't have anything beyond
that. So I just clicked and dragged to
get all the way across. Now watch what I
can do on the home tab, home ribbon,
there's a button here in the alignment
group called merge and center. And if I
click on that, see what it did? It
merged all of those cells together. So
this is now one big cell and it centered
it. Okay, so merge and center is very
helpful to do what I just did to
basically break down the walls between
these cells and make it one big cell and
then to center it. That looks a lot
better. The other thing, like I said
before, the text not quite fitting in
the cell kind of bothers me. So I could
go up here to the top like I showed
earlier and click and drag to make sure
everything fits. But I want you to see a
shortcut. There's a shortcut to doing
this. All you have to do is go up here
at the top and just go between any two
of the column letters and doubleclick.
And if you do that, look what happens.
It automatically will perfectly size the
column so that all of the text will fit.
I could do that also for date purchased.
And for rating, now notice in that case
the rating column actually got narrower.
It's because it doesn't need to be
longer than what it is now. Okay? So I
can do that with value and so forth.
Now, let me show you yet another trick
that's a little bit of a timesaver.
Instead of double clicking between every
single column one at a time, look what I
can do. Click and drag on the column
letters all the way across to the end of
my data. And then doubleclick between
any two of these. It doesn't matter
which. Double click. And notice now it
automatically resized every column.
Every column that I had selected was
affected by that double click. and now
is perfectly sized to fit the content
that's in those cells. And if I browse
back to the left using this slider, you
can see everything is perfectly sized.
So, I used a phrase there. I said
everything that was selected, every
column that was selected was affected by
what I did in Excel. That's a nice
phrase to maybe think about. Select to
affect. If you want to affect it, you
must select it first. One more little
shortcut, little trick. when you click
and drag on those column headings. Yes,
the fastest way to resize is to then
double click between any two column
letters, but you could alternatively
just click and drag and watch what
happens. I'm going to resize this
column, let go, and look, every single
column was affected because I had
selected each. They're all affected by
that, and they're all exactly the same
width. So hopefully those little tricks
will help you to be able to resize your
columns the way that makes the most
sense for you. And the idea is to make
your data look nice because when it
looks good, it's often easier to read,
easier to understand and comprehend.
Okay? Now, there are good reasons
sometimes to keep columns narrow even if
all the text doesn't fit. So you don't
have to always make sure everything is
always visible, but I want you to be
able to do that when you need to. Okay,
next up, I guess I do want to click here
on movie inventory and underline it to
set that apart as the title. And then
down here, I would like to make all of
these column names different. So, I'll
highlight them and I'll go up and make
them bold and let's say
italicized. Now, the way I did that so
fast, you may not have noticed. I simply
clicked on the row number and it
highlighted the entire row all the way
to the right. And so, that selected it.
And then to affect it, I just chose bold
and italicize and it affected everything
that's selected. So at this point, I
hope that you are familiar now with the
different names of the layout in Excel.
We know what to call the different
things like the tabs, the groups, the
ribbons, things like that. We also know
about columns, rows, cells, and ranges,
sheets, and workbooks. And we know how
to enter data and then how to select it
to affect it and to change how it looks
on the screen. And we also know how to
adjust the column widths. And I didn't
show this explicitly, so let me just
quickly do that. Notice that you can
affect the rows as well. So I can make
rows taller than they would have
otherwise been. I can double click
between them to perfectly resize. I can
affect more than one at a time by
selecting more than one row. So all of
those same techniques that I showed
about the columns can also be used with
the rows. So all of this in my opinion
gives you a good foundation. It helps
you understand the basics of using
Excel. In a future video, I'll show you
some intermediate Excel tips and tricks,
ways that you can save time and effort
as you're building your spreadsheets.
We'll also get into formulas and
functions, and that's really where much
of the power of Excel is found. And I'll
also throw in a couple of advanced Excel
tips and tricks. So, please watch for
that future video. Thanks for watching
this Excel basics video. I hope you
enjoyed it and please consider
subscribing to my YouTube channel for
more videos about technology for
teachers and students and watch for a
new video at least every Monday. Also, I
hope that you'll follow me on Twitter,
Facebook, Tumblr, and other social
media. So, I hope that you'll follow me
on these social media platforms and that
we can keep learning together.
