Welcome to this Excel basics video Welcome to this Excel basics video Welcome to this Excel basics video tutorial. In this tutorial, I'll be tutorial. In this tutorial, I'll be tutorial. In this tutorial, I'll be showing you most of the basics that you showing you most of the basics that you showing you most of the basics that you need to know in order to get started need to know in order to get started need to know in order to get started using Microsoft Excel. And the version using Microsoft Excel. And the version using Microsoft Excel. And the version of Excel that I'm going to be using in of Excel that I'm going to be using in of Excel that I'm going to be using in this tutorial is Excel 2016 for Windows. this tutorial is Excel 2016 for Windows. this tutorial is Excel 2016 for Windows. Having said that, if you're using a Having said that, if you're using a Having said that, if you're using a different version of Excel, maybe an different version of Excel, maybe an different version of Excel, maybe an older version or even a newer version or older version or even a newer version or older version or even a newer version or if you use Excel on a Mac, there will be if you use Excel on a Mac, there will be if you use Excel on a Mac, there will be some slight differences, but for the some slight differences, but for the some slight differences, but for the most part, I would say 95% of what I most part, I would say 95% of what I most part, I would say 95% of what I show in this tutorial will be very show in this tutorial will be very show in this tutorial will be very applicable to you and your usage of applicable to you and your usage of applicable to you and your usage of Excel. So, I simply clicked the icon Excel. So, I simply clicked the icon Excel. So, I simply clicked the icon here to get started using Excel. And here to get started using Excel. And here to get started using Excel. And Excel now would like me to make a Excel now would like me to make a Excel now would like me to make a choice. It wants to know if I would like choice. It wants to know if I would like choice. It wants to know if I would like to open up an Excel template or simply to open up an Excel template or simply to open up an Excel template or simply open a blank workbook. You can see that open a blank workbook. You can see that open a blank workbook. You can see that there are lots of templates to choose there are lots of templates to choose there are lots of templates to choose from. This is a welcome to Excel tour from. This is a welcome to Excel tour from. This is a welcome to Excel tour and it's a good way to kind of learn and it's a good way to kind of learn and it's a good way to kind of learn some of the basics of Excel, but that's some of the basics of Excel, but that's some of the basics of Excel, but that's why you're watching my video, so I'm why you're watching my video, so I'm why you're watching my video, so I'm going to skip that one. There's a cash going to skip that one. There's a cash going to skip that one. There's a cash flow analysis, there's email insights, flow analysis, there's email insights, flow analysis, there's email insights, stock symbols, there's a sales invoice, stock symbols, there's a sales invoice, stock symbols, there's a sales invoice, there's a budget in here. Here it is, a there's a budget in here. Here it is, a there's a budget in here. Here it is, a family budget. There's all sorts of family budget. There's all sorts of family budget. There's all sorts of great Excel spreadsheets that you can great Excel spreadsheets that you can great Excel spreadsheets that you can just open up and start changing the just open up and start changing the just open up and start changing the data, start using it that way. So, I data, start using it that way. So, I data, start using it that way. So, I would encourage you to browse and would encourage you to browse and would encourage you to browse and explore these templates that are explore these templates that are explore these templates that are available to you. In addition to the 30 available to you. In addition to the 30 available to you. In addition to the 30 or so templates that you have here, or so templates that you have here, or so templates that you have here, there is an option to search online there is an option to search online there is an option to search online templates. So, I'm going to do a search templates. So, I'm going to do a search templates. So, I'm going to do a search for budget. And you can see it comes up for budget. And you can see it comes up for budget. And you can see it comes up with even more budgets. You're not with even more budgets. You're not with even more budgets. You're not limited just to the one family budget. limited just to the one family budget. limited just to the one family budget. There's a whole bunch that you can There's a whole bunch that you can There's a whole bunch that you can choose from. Over here on the right, choose from. Over here on the right, choose from. Over here on the right, there's categories that you can sift there's categories that you can sift there's categories that you can sift through and you can select the specific through and you can select the specific through and you can select the specific kind of budget or spreadsheet template kind of budget or spreadsheet template kind of budget or spreadsheet template that you would like to use. If you find that you would like to use. If you find that you would like to use. If you find one that you do want to use, you can one that you do want to use, you can one that you do want to use, you can just click on it and click create and it just click on it and click create and it just click on it and click create and it will make a copy of that as a will make a copy of that as a will make a copy of that as a spreadsheet that you can open and use in spreadsheet that you can open and use in spreadsheet that you can open and use in Excel. So, please do spend some time Excel. So, please do spend some time Excel. So, please do spend some time exploring what's available. And in many exploring what's available. And in many exploring what's available. And in many cases, much of the work is already done cases, much of the work is already done cases, much of the work is already done for you. you can simply use somebody for you. you can simply use somebody for you. you can simply use somebody else's template and adjust it for what else's template and adjust it for what else's template and adjust it for what you need. Now, templates are very you need. Now, templates are very you need. Now, templates are very useful, but having said that, I think in useful, but having said that, I think in useful, but having said that, I think in order to really learn how to use Excel order to really learn how to use Excel order to really learn how to use Excel fully and properly, it's best to start fully and properly, it's best to start fully and properly, it's best to start with a blank workbook. So, I'm just with a blank workbook. So, I'm just with a blank workbook. So, I'm just going to double click on that to select going to double click on that to select going to double click on that to select a blank workbook and open it up. And the a blank workbook and open it up. And the a blank workbook and open it up. And the first thing we need to do is learn about first thing we need to do is learn about first thing we need to do is learn about the layout that we have in Excel 2016. the layout that we have in Excel 2016. the layout that we have in Excel 2016. There are certain terms that you're There are certain terms that you're There are certain terms that you're going to need to know. First of all, going to need to know. First of all, going to need to know. First of all, across the top, we have some tabs. Okay, across the top, we have some tabs. Okay, across the top, we have some tabs. Okay, we have the home tab, the insert tab, we have the home tab, the insert tab, we have the home tab, the insert tab, page layout, and more. As you can see, page layout, and more. As you can see, page layout, and more. As you can see, each of these tabs is pretty important. each of these tabs is pretty important. each of these tabs is pretty important. And when you click on a particular tab, And when you click on a particular tab, And when you click on a particular tab, it opens up a ribbon. Okay, this is the it opens up a ribbon. Okay, this is the it opens up a ribbon. Okay, this is the ribbon for the home tab. If I click the ribbon for the home tab. If I click the ribbon for the home tab. If I click the page layout tab, I get the page layout page layout tab, I get the page layout page layout tab, I get the page layout ribbon. Now, each ribbon is divided up ribbon. Now, each ribbon is divided up ribbon. Now, each ribbon is divided up into groups. So you can see I have a into groups. So you can see I have a into groups. So you can see I have a themes group, I have a page setup group, themes group, I have a page setup group, themes group, I have a page setup group, a scale to fit group, and these are all a scale to fit group, and these are all a scale to fit group, and these are all on the page layout ribbon. And I get to on the page layout ribbon. And I get to on the page layout ribbon. And I get to that ribbon by clicking on the page that ribbon by clicking on the page that ribbon by clicking on the page layout tab. So those are some important layout tab. So those are some important layout tab. So those are some important terms that you'll need to know. Tab, terms that you'll need to know. Tab, terms that you'll need to know. Tab, ribbon, group. And you'll notice in the ribbon, group. And you'll notice in the ribbon, group. And you'll notice in the corner of some of these groups, there's corner of some of these groups, there's corner of some of these groups, there's what I like to call a launch button. what I like to call a launch button. what I like to call a launch button. Okay? So the scale to fit group has a Okay? So the scale to fit group has a Okay? So the scale to fit group has a little launch button in the corner. The little launch button in the corner. The little launch button in the corner. The sheet options group has a launch button sheet options group has a launch button sheet options group has a launch button in the corner. The arrange group doesn't in the corner. The arrange group doesn't in the corner. The arrange group doesn't seem to have one. Now what are these seem to have one. Now what are these seem to have one. Now what are these launch buttons? Basically you can click launch buttons? Basically you can click launch buttons? Basically you can click on those launch buttons to give you even on those launch buttons to give you even on those launch buttons to give you even more options. So what Microsoft has done more options. So what Microsoft has done more options. So what Microsoft has done here is they've tried to fit all of the here is they've tried to fit all of the here is they've tried to fit all of the page layout options on this ribbon. But page layout options on this ribbon. But page layout options on this ribbon. But of course there's a limited amount of of course there's a limited amount of of course there's a limited amount of geography. there's a limited amount of geography. there's a limited amount of geography. there's a limited amount of space that they have to work with. And space that they have to work with. And space that they have to work with. And so sometimes they can fit everything in so sometimes they can fit everything in so sometimes they can fit everything in that little group. Sometimes they can't. that little group. Sometimes they can't. that little group. Sometimes they can't. And if they can't, there's a launch And if they can't, there's a launch And if they can't, there's a launch button that you can click to get even button that you can click to get even button that you can click to get even more. So that's why some have a launch more. So that's why some have a launch more. So that's why some have a launch button, some don't. Okay. I think it's button, some don't. Okay. I think it's button, some don't. Okay. I think it's important to start with that terminology important to start with that terminology important to start with that terminology because I'm going to be using it because I'm going to be using it because I'm going to be using it throughout this tutorial. All right. A throughout this tutorial. All right. A throughout this tutorial. All right. A couple of other layout terms that you're couple of other layout terms that you're couple of other layout terms that you're going to need to know in the spreadsheet going to need to know in the spreadsheet going to need to know in the spreadsheet itself. This is the spreadsheet. And itself. This is the spreadsheet. And itself. This is the spreadsheet. And spreadsheets are made up of columns and spreadsheets are made up of columns and spreadsheets are made up of columns and rows. Okay, so you can see we have an A rows. Okay, so you can see we have an A rows. Okay, so you can see we have an A column, a B column, C column, etc. And column, a B column, C column, etc. And column, a B column, C column, etc. And if I browse to the right, okay, you can if I browse to the right, okay, you can if I browse to the right, okay, you can see that there's even more than that. see that there's even more than that. see that there's even more than that. And if needed, it'll just keep going to And if needed, it'll just keep going to And if needed, it'll just keep going to the right, adding more and more columns. the right, adding more and more columns. the right, adding more and more columns. Okay, once it gets to Z, it goes to AA, Okay, once it gets to Z, it goes to AA, Okay, once it gets to Z, it goes to AA, column A. And so lots and lots of column A. And so lots and lots of column A. And so lots and lots of columns in this spreadsheet. Now, what columns in this spreadsheet. Now, what columns in this spreadsheet. Now, what about rows? I have row number one, row about rows? I have row number one, row about rows? I have row number one, row number two, row number three. Okay, so number two, row number three. Okay, so number two, row number three. Okay, so spreadsheets are made up of columns and spreadsheets are made up of columns and spreadsheets are made up of columns and rows. Now the intersection of a column rows. Now the intersection of a column rows. Now the intersection of a column and a row is what produces a cell. So and a row is what produces a cell. So and a row is what produces a cell. So this is a cell and every cell in Excel this is a cell and every cell in Excel this is a cell and every cell in Excel has a name. Okay, this particular cell has a name. Okay, this particular cell has a name. Okay, this particular cell is named C2. And you can imagine how I is named C2. And you can imagine how I is named C2. And you can imagine how I got that name. It's just the got that name. It's just the got that name. It's just the intersection of the column and the row. intersection of the column and the row. intersection of the column and the row. This particular cell here has a name. This particular cell here has a name. This particular cell here has a name. It's It's It's M9. And this is M9. And this is M9. And this is I16. Now, that may seem obvious and I16. Now, that may seem obvious and I16. Now, that may seem obvious and unimportant, but it's actually very unimportant, but it's actually very unimportant, but it's actually very exciting and powerful that every cell in exciting and powerful that every cell in exciting and powerful that every cell in Excel has a name. Because it has a name, Excel has a name. Because it has a name, Excel has a name. Because it has a name, you can describe it and you can have you can describe it and you can have you can describe it and you can have Excel do certain things with the content Excel do certain things with the content Excel do certain things with the content in each cell. We'll get to that a little in each cell. We'll get to that a little in each cell. We'll get to that a little bit later. All right. Now, in addition bit later. All right. Now, in addition bit later. All right. Now, in addition to columns, rows, and cells, there's to columns, rows, and cells, there's to columns, rows, and cells, there's another part of a spreadsheet that you another part of a spreadsheet that you another part of a spreadsheet that you need to know about, and that is a range. need to know about, and that is a range. need to know about, and that is a range. Okay? Now, a range is a group of cells Okay? Now, a range is a group of cells Okay? Now, a range is a group of cells that are together. A range could be that are together. A range could be that are together. A range could be this. It could be this. It could be this. It could be this. It could be this. It could be this. It could be this. It could be any number of things. this. It could be any number of things. this. It could be any number of things. It's basically a group of cells that are It's basically a group of cells that are It's basically a group of cells that are next to each other that are together. next to each other that are together. next to each other that are together. And guess what? Ranges can also be named And guess what? Ranges can also be named And guess what? Ranges can also be named just like cells can. So just like this just like cells can. So just like this just like cells can. So just like this is named L7, I can also name this. Okay. is named L7, I can also name this. Okay. is named L7, I can also name this. Okay. Now the way you name a range is you Now the way you name a range is you Now the way you name a range is you start in the upper left and you name the start in the upper left and you name the start in the upper left and you name the cell in the upper left. So this is L7 cell in the upper left. So this is L7 cell in the upper left. So this is L7 and then you say the word through. So L7 and then you say the word through. So L7 and then you say the word through. So L7 through and then you say the name of the through and then you say the name of the through and then you say the name of the cell in the lower right cell in the lower right cell in the lower right N12. So L7 through N12. So L7 through N12. So L7 through N12 that is the name of this range. Now N12 that is the name of this range. Now N12 that is the name of this range. Now in the back of your mind just tuck this in the back of your mind just tuck this in the back of your mind just tuck this piece of information. The way you would piece of information. The way you would piece of information. The way you would write the name of this range is you write the name of this range is you write the name of this range is you would write would write would write L7 through. The symbol for through is a L7 through. The symbol for through is a L7 through. The symbol for through is a colon and then you would put N12. So colon and then you would put N12. So colon and then you would put N12. So that is how you would write the name of that is how you would write the name of that is how you would write the name of the range that you see here. Okay. I'm the range that you see here. Okay. I'm the range that you see here. Okay. I'm going to tap escape to get out of that going to tap escape to get out of that going to tap escape to get out of that because I don't really want to type that because I don't really want to type that because I don't really want to type that in the cell. So, that was some in the cell. So, that was some in the cell. So, that was some background information that you're going background information that you're going background information that you're going to need in order to really use Excel to need in order to really use Excel to need in order to really use Excel properly. Now that we've talked about properly. Now that we've talked about properly. Now that we've talked about the layout of the ribbon and the tabs the layout of the ribbon and the tabs the layout of the ribbon and the tabs and the groups and things and also the and the groups and things and also the and the groups and things and also the spreadsheet itself with the columns, the spreadsheet itself with the columns, the spreadsheet itself with the columns, the rows, the cells, and the ranges. And rows, the cells, and the ranges. And rows, the cells, and the ranges. And actually, I should add a couple more. actually, I should add a couple more. actually, I should add a couple more. You can see that this is all on a sheet, You can see that this is all on a sheet, You can see that this is all on a sheet, sheet one, and I can add a sheet two, sheet one, and I can add a sheet two, sheet one, and I can add a sheet two, sheet three, etc. Each of these sheets sheet three, etc. Each of these sheets sheet three, etc. Each of these sheets added together is what creates a added together is what creates a added together is what creates a workbook. So sheets or worksheets add up workbook. So sheets or worksheets add up workbook. So sheets or worksheets add up to a workbook. Okay. So now that we've to a workbook. Okay. So now that we've to a workbook. Okay. So now that we've got all of that as a foundation for our got all of that as a foundation for our got all of that as a foundation for our Excel use, let's now start actually Excel use, let's now start actually Excel use, let's now start actually creating and working on an Excel creating and working on an Excel creating and working on an Excel spreadsheet. Now to make this a little spreadsheet. Now to make this a little spreadsheet. Now to make this a little bit more interesting for you to look at, bit more interesting for you to look at, bit more interesting for you to look at, I'm going to zoom in a little bit. So, I'm going to zoom in a little bit. So, I'm going to zoom in a little bit. So, I'm going to use this slider in the I'm going to use this slider in the I'm going to use this slider in the lower right corner, and I'll just click lower right corner, and I'll just click lower right corner, and I'll just click and drag to zoom in on my spreadsheet. and drag to zoom in on my spreadsheet. and drag to zoom in on my spreadsheet. Okay, so that should be a little bit Okay, so that should be a little bit Okay, so that should be a little bit easier for you to see. And now I'm going easier for you to see. And now I'm going easier for you to see. And now I'm going to click on A1 and enter some data in to click on A1 and enter some data in to click on A1 and enter some data in this A1 cell. And just as an example, this A1 cell. And just as an example, this A1 cell. And just as an example, let's say I want to use Excel to create let's say I want to use Excel to create let's say I want to use Excel to create an inventory of my movie collection. an inventory of my movie collection. an inventory of my movie collection. Okay, now this could be anything. If Okay, now this could be anything. If Okay, now this could be anything. If you're a teacher, maybe this is the you're a teacher, maybe this is the you're a teacher, maybe this is the supplies that you have that you loan out supplies that you have that you loan out supplies that you have that you loan out to the students or if you're a secretary to the students or if you're a secretary to the students or if you're a secretary at a school. Let's say you're in charge at a school. Let's say you're in charge at a school. Let's say you're in charge of keeping track of the supplies at the of keeping track of the supplies at the of keeping track of the supplies at the school, whatever it might be. But let's school, whatever it might be. But let's school, whatever it might be. But let's say I want to do an inventory of the say I want to do an inventory of the say I want to do an inventory of the movies that I own. First thing I want to movies that I own. First thing I want to movies that I own. First thing I want to do is maybe put a little title in there. do is maybe put a little title in there. do is maybe put a little title in there. So, I'm going to type in A1 and I'll So, I'm going to type in A1 and I'll So, I'm going to type in A1 and I'll type movie inventory. And you'll notice type movie inventory. And you'll notice type movie inventory. And you'll notice that my text is bigger than the cell that my text is bigger than the cell that my text is bigger than the cell itself. It goes too far to the right. itself. It goes too far to the right. itself. It goes too far to the right. But you know what? Don't worry about But you know what? Don't worry about But you know what? Don't worry about that. Just hit enter or return on the that. Just hit enter or return on the that. Just hit enter or return on the keyboard. And I've successfully entered keyboard. And I've successfully entered keyboard. And I've successfully entered my first data into this spreadsheet. my first data into this spreadsheet. my first data into this spreadsheet. Now, it looks like these words movie Now, it looks like these words movie Now, it looks like these words movie inventory are spilling over from A1 into inventory are spilling over from A1 into inventory are spilling over from A1 into B1. But in actuality, that's not true. B1. But in actuality, that's not true. B1. But in actuality, that's not true. It's an illusion. Both of these words It's an illusion. Both of these words It's an illusion. Both of these words are stored in A1. If I click on B1, I are stored in A1. If I click on B1, I are stored in A1. If I click on B1, I could type in B1 and hit return or could type in B1 and hit return or could type in B1 and hit return or enter. And you'll notice that movie enter. And you'll notice that movie enter. And you'll notice that movie inventory is still stored in A1. Okay? inventory is still stored in A1. Okay? inventory is still stored in A1. Okay? So they don't interact. They don't So they don't interact. They don't So they don't interact. They don't interfere with each other. So no need to interfere with each other. So no need to interfere with each other. So no need to worry if your text is too wide to fit in worry if your text is too wide to fit in worry if your text is too wide to fit in A1. But having said that, sometimes A1. But having said that, sometimes A1. But having said that, sometimes making your spreadsheet look nice making your spreadsheet look nice making your spreadsheet look nice actually helps you use it better. So actually helps you use it better. So actually helps you use it better. So let's talk about how I could maybe fix let's talk about how I could maybe fix let's talk about how I could maybe fix this. It's not really a problem, but how this. It's not really a problem, but how this. It's not really a problem, but how could I fix it if I want to make it look could I fix it if I want to make it look could I fix it if I want to make it look a little nicer? Well, what I can do, I a little nicer? Well, what I can do, I a little nicer? Well, what I can do, I can stretch out any column or even any can stretch out any column or even any can stretch out any column or even any row if I want to by just putting my row if I want to by just putting my row if I want to by just putting my mouse between any two column letters. mouse between any two column letters. mouse between any two column letters. So, this is column A, column B. Put my So, this is column A, column B. Put my So, this is column A, column B. Put my mouse between the two, right on the line mouse between the two, right on the line mouse between the two, right on the line or very close to it. And you'll notice or very close to it. And you'll notice or very close to it. And you'll notice that my mouse cursor changed into a that my mouse cursor changed into a that my mouse cursor changed into a double-sided arrow. That's a good sign. double-sided arrow. That's a good sign. double-sided arrow. That's a good sign. So, now I can click and drag to stretch So, now I can click and drag to stretch So, now I can click and drag to stretch that out to make it wider. Now, you may that out to make it wider. Now, you may that out to make it wider. Now, you may have noticed when I entered movie have noticed when I entered movie have noticed when I entered movie inventory into that cell and I hit enter inventory into that cell and I hit enter inventory into that cell and I hit enter or return, it automatically moved me or return, it automatically moved me or return, it automatically moved me down. In Excel, when you tap enter or down. In Excel, when you tap enter or down. In Excel, when you tap enter or return, you move down the spreadsheet. return, you move down the spreadsheet. return, you move down the spreadsheet. If you want to move up the spreadsheet, If you want to move up the spreadsheet, If you want to move up the spreadsheet, you can hold shift and hit enter or you can hold shift and hit enter or you can hold shift and hit enter or return and it will move up. Okay, so return and it will move up. Okay, so return and it will move up. Okay, so shift enter or shift return moves up. shift enter or shift return moves up. shift enter or shift return moves up. Enter or return moves down. Now, what if Enter or return moves down. Now, what if Enter or return moves down. Now, what if you want to move to the right? Maybe I you want to move to the right? Maybe I you want to move to the right? Maybe I want to type something in B1. What I want to type something in B1. What I want to type something in B1. What I would do is I would tap tab. Tab moves would do is I would tap tab. Tab moves would do is I would tap tab. Tab moves you to the right. So I could enter more you to the right. So I could enter more you to the right. So I could enter more text there and then tap tab and enter text there and then tap tab and enter text there and then tap tab and enter more text there and just keep tabbing more text there and just keep tabbing more text there and just keep tabbing over. What if you want to move left? I over. What if you want to move left? I over. What if you want to move left? I bet you can guess what it is. You would bet you can guess what it is. You would bet you can guess what it is. You would hold shift and tap tab. So shift is hold shift and tap tab. So shift is hold shift and tap tab. So shift is basically used to do the opposite of basically used to do the opposite of basically used to do the opposite of whatever it would be otherwise. So enter whatever it would be otherwise. So enter whatever it would be otherwise. So enter return is normally down, but shift enter return is normally down, but shift enter return is normally down, but shift enter return is up. tab is to the right, shift return is up. tab is to the right, shift return is up. tab is to the right, shift tab is to the left. Another way you can tab is to the left. Another way you can tab is to the left. Another way you can navigate throughout the spreadsheet is navigate throughout the spreadsheet is navigate throughout the spreadsheet is by using the arrows on your keyboard. If by using the arrows on your keyboard. If by using the arrows on your keyboard. If you find the up, down, left, right you find the up, down, left, right you find the up, down, left, right arrows, you can just use those to move arrows, you can just use those to move arrows, you can just use those to move up, down, left, or right. It's a little up, down, left, or right. It's a little up, down, left, or right. It's a little bit more awkward than using enter or bit more awkward than using enter or bit more awkward than using enter or shift enter, but that's another option. shift enter, but that's another option. shift enter, but that's another option. And of course, you can also use your And of course, you can also use your And of course, you can also use your mouse to click on where you want to go. mouse to click on where you want to go. mouse to click on where you want to go. But I'll tell you, if you can learn to But I'll tell you, if you can learn to But I'll tell you, if you can learn to use Excel simply with the keyboard use Excel simply with the keyboard use Excel simply with the keyboard without using your mouse very much, it's without using your mouse very much, it's without using your mouse very much, it's really going to go a lot better for you. really going to go a lot better for you. really going to go a lot better for you. So, I've got my title in there. Now, I'm So, I've got my title in there. Now, I'm So, I've got my title in there. Now, I'm going to click on A2, and I'm going to going to click on A2, and I'm going to going to click on A2, and I'm going to type in the word title. That's where type in the word title. That's where type in the word title. That's where I'll put the movie title. Now, I'll tap I'll put the movie title. Now, I'll tap I'll put the movie title. Now, I'll tap tab to move over to the right. And I'll tab to move over to the right. And I'll tab to move over to the right. And I'll put in date purchased. Tab again. put in date purchased. Tab again. put in date purchased. Tab again. Rating. Tab again. Value. Tab again. Rating. Tab again. Value. Tab again. Rating. Tab again. Value. Tab again. Genre. and tab again location. And that Genre. and tab again location. And that Genre. and tab again location. And that will store quite a bit of information will store quite a bit of information will store quite a bit of information for me about my movie inventory. All for me about my movie inventory. All for me about my movie inventory. All right, with that last one, when I hit right, with that last one, when I hit right, with that last one, when I hit enter, it moved me down and it moved to enter, it moved me down and it moved to enter, it moved me down and it moved to the left expecting me to put in the the left expecting me to put in the the left expecting me to put in the first record is what they call it. And first record is what they call it. And first record is what they call it. And the first record would be the first the first record would be the first the first record would be the first movie. So, let's say I put in Star Wars. movie. So, let's say I put in Star Wars. movie. So, let's say I put in Star Wars. Again, I could tap tab to move over to Again, I could tap tab to move over to Again, I could tap tab to move over to the right. I could say, okay, I the right. I could say, okay, I the right. I could say, okay, I purchased it 2007. It's rated PG. It's purchased it 2007. It's rated PG. It's purchased it 2007. It's rated PG. It's worth maybe $5 and it's science fiction worth maybe $5 and it's science fiction worth maybe $5 and it's science fiction and it's located in the living room. and it's located in the living room. and it's located in the living room. Okay, so that's an example of data Okay, so that's an example of data Okay, so that's an example of data entry. How you can enter data into a entry. How you can enter data into a entry. How you can enter data into a spreadsheet by clicking on a cell or spreadsheet by clicking on a cell or spreadsheet by clicking on a cell or somehow getting on a cell, typing, and somehow getting on a cell, typing, and somehow getting on a cell, typing, and then hitting either tab to move to the then hitting either tab to move to the then hitting either tab to move to the right or enter to move down. Now, as right or enter to move down. Now, as right or enter to move down. Now, as another example, I'm going to type in another example, I'm going to type in another example, I'm going to type in another record, and I'll put in some another record, and I'll put in some another record, and I'll put in some other information here. And at this other information here. And at this other information here. And at this point, let's say I notice a misspelled point, let's say I notice a misspelled point, let's say I notice a misspelled word and I would like to fix that. Okay, word and I would like to fix that. Okay, word and I would like to fix that. Okay, you'll notice that I misspelled empire. you'll notice that I misspelled empire. you'll notice that I misspelled empire. If I click on cell A4 to try to fix that If I click on cell A4 to try to fix that If I click on cell A4 to try to fix that misspelling, watch what will happen. As misspelling, watch what will happen. As misspelling, watch what will happen. As soon as I type, it erases what was soon as I type, it erases what was soon as I type, it erases what was there. Okay, the reason why is because there. Okay, the reason why is because there. Okay, the reason why is because when I clicked on that cell, when you when I clicked on that cell, when you when I clicked on that cell, when you click on a cell, anything that you type click on a cell, anything that you type click on a cell, anything that you type replaces what is there already. It replaces what is there already. It replaces what is there already. It deletes what's there and then replaces deletes what's there and then replaces deletes what's there and then replaces it with whatever you type. So, there's a it with whatever you type. So, there's a it with whatever you type. So, there's a distinction I need to tell you about. distinction I need to tell you about. distinction I need to tell you about. There's a difference between being on a There's a difference between being on a There's a difference between being on a cell and being in a cell. To get in a cell and being in a cell. To get in a cell and being in a cell. To get in a cell, you have to doubleclick on it. cell, you have to doubleclick on it. cell, you have to doubleclick on it. Okay? Notice what happened when I Okay? Notice what happened when I Okay? Notice what happened when I doubleclicked on that cell. It actually doubleclicked on that cell. It actually doubleclicked on that cell. It actually jumped me inside the cell. And now I jumped me inside the cell. And now I jumped me inside the cell. And now I have a cursor that's flashing. And I can have a cursor that's flashing. And I can have a cursor that's flashing. And I can click or I can use the arrow keys to click or I can use the arrow keys to click or I can use the arrow keys to move that cursor where I want it to be. move that cursor where I want it to be. move that cursor where I want it to be. So, there is a big difference between So, there is a big difference between So, there is a big difference between being on a cell and being in a cell. In being on a cell and being in a cell. In being on a cell and being in a cell. In this case, I don't want to be on the this case, I don't want to be on the this case, I don't want to be on the cell. I don't want to replace all of the cell. I don't want to replace all of the cell. I don't want to replace all of the text in this cell. I want to click twice text in this cell. I want to click twice text in this cell. I want to click twice quickly. Now, I've jumped inside it and quickly. Now, I've jumped inside it and quickly. Now, I've jumped inside it and I have this cursor and I can move it I have this cursor and I can move it I have this cursor and I can move it where I want it to be. Fix the where I want it to be. Fix the where I want it to be. Fix the misspelling. Hit return. Again, that may misspelling. Hit return. Again, that may misspelling. Hit return. Again, that may seem like a very small insignificant seem like a very small insignificant seem like a very small insignificant thing, but Excel is all about details. thing, but Excel is all about details. thing, but Excel is all about details. And all of these little details will And all of these little details will And all of these little details will really enhance your use of Excel. So, really enhance your use of Excel. So, really enhance your use of Excel. So, please stick with me and pay attention please stick with me and pay attention please stick with me and pay attention to these details and I promise your use to these details and I promise your use to these details and I promise your use of Excel will be much more satisfying of Excel will be much more satisfying of Excel will be much more satisfying and effective. Now, give me a few and effective. Now, give me a few and effective. Now, give me a few minutes to put in a few more records and minutes to put in a few more records and minutes to put in a few more records and then I'll resume the tutorial. Okay, so then I'll resume the tutorial. Okay, so then I'll resume the tutorial. Okay, so I've finished putting in some movies I've finished putting in some movies I've finished putting in some movies here and some records is what they're here and some records is what they're here and some records is what they're called. Each of these rows contains a called. Each of these rows contains a called. Each of these rows contains a record. And to help you see this a record. And to help you see this a record. And to help you see this a little bit better, I'm going to zoom little bit better, I'm going to zoom little bit better, I'm going to zoom back out a little bit so you can see back out a little bit so you can see back out a little bit so you can see I've put in quite a few movies here. I've put in quite a few movies here. I've put in quite a few movies here. Now, what we need to do next is dress Now, what we need to do next is dress Now, what we need to do next is dress this up a little bit, make it look a this up a little bit, make it look a this up a little bit, make it look a little better. It just doesn't look little better. It just doesn't look little better. It just doesn't look quite right to our eye at this point. quite right to our eye at this point. quite right to our eye at this point. So, what are some things that we can do So, what are some things that we can do So, what are some things that we can do to make this look nicer? First of all, to make this look nicer? First of all, to make this look nicer? First of all, here at the top, my title basically of here at the top, my title basically of here at the top, my title basically of this spreadsheet, it's kind of off to this spreadsheet, it's kind of off to this spreadsheet, it's kind of off to the side and it doesn't have anything the side and it doesn't have anything the side and it doesn't have anything that makes it stand out and look that makes it stand out and look that makes it stand out and look different. So, I'm going to click on it different. So, I'm going to click on it different. So, I'm going to click on it on the cell and I'm going to click up on the cell and I'm going to click up on the cell and I'm going to click up here at the top on the home tab in the here at the top on the home tab in the here at the top on the home tab in the home ribbon. I can click on bold to give home ribbon. I can click on bold to give home ribbon. I can click on bold to give it a bold look. So, that will help it it a bold look. So, that will help it it a bold look. So, that will help it stand out. Notice that I can also use stand out. Notice that I can also use stand out. Notice that I can also use the paint bucket tool to paint the the paint bucket tool to paint the the paint bucket tool to paint the background of that cell. I may or may background of that cell. I may or may background of that cell. I may or may not want to do that. In this case, I not want to do that. In this case, I not want to do that. In this case, I don't necessarily want that. So, I'm don't necessarily want that. So, I'm don't necessarily want that. So, I'm going to click the arrow next to it and going to click the arrow next to it and going to click the arrow next to it and I'm going to go to no fill. I could also I'm going to go to no fill. I could also I'm going to go to no fill. I could also change the color of the text itself. change the color of the text itself. change the color of the text itself. Okay, so that is also an option. I'm Okay, so that is also an option. I'm Okay, so that is also an option. I'm going to go back to black in this case. going to go back to black in this case. going to go back to black in this case. In addition, I could italicize or In addition, I could italicize or In addition, I could italicize or underline. Those are all good options to underline. Those are all good options to underline. Those are all good options to have, but that will help the text stand have, but that will help the text stand have, but that will help the text stand out a little bit. Another thing I can do out a little bit. Another thing I can do out a little bit. Another thing I can do is click on cell A1 and drag. I'm still is click on cell A1 and drag. I'm still is click on cell A1 and drag. I'm still holding the mouse click and I'm going to holding the mouse click and I'm going to holding the mouse click and I'm going to drag until I've covered all of the drag until I've covered all of the drag until I've covered all of the content of my spreadsheet. So the content of my spreadsheet. So the content of my spreadsheet. So the content of this spreadsheet ends at content of this spreadsheet ends at content of this spreadsheet ends at column F. I don't have anything beyond column F. I don't have anything beyond column F. I don't have anything beyond that. So I just clicked and dragged to that. So I just clicked and dragged to that. So I just clicked and dragged to get all the way across. Now watch what I get all the way across. Now watch what I get all the way across. Now watch what I can do on the home tab, home ribbon, can do on the home tab, home ribbon, can do on the home tab, home ribbon, there's a button here in the alignment there's a button here in the alignment there's a button here in the alignment group called merge and center. And if I group called merge and center. And if I group called merge and center. And if I click on that, see what it did? It click on that, see what it did? It click on that, see what it did? It merged all of those cells together. So merged all of those cells together. So merged all of those cells together. So this is now one big cell and it centered this is now one big cell and it centered this is now one big cell and it centered it. Okay, so merge and center is very it. Okay, so merge and center is very it. Okay, so merge and center is very helpful to do what I just did to helpful to do what I just did to helpful to do what I just did to basically break down the walls between basically break down the walls between basically break down the walls between these cells and make it one big cell and these cells and make it one big cell and these cells and make it one big cell and then to center it. That looks a lot then to center it. That looks a lot then to center it. That looks a lot better. The other thing, like I said better. The other thing, like I said better. The other thing, like I said before, the text not quite fitting in before, the text not quite fitting in before, the text not quite fitting in the cell kind of bothers me. So I could the cell kind of bothers me. So I could the cell kind of bothers me. So I could go up here to the top like I showed go up here to the top like I showed go up here to the top like I showed earlier and click and drag to make sure earlier and click and drag to make sure earlier and click and drag to make sure everything fits. But I want you to see a everything fits. But I want you to see a everything fits. But I want you to see a shortcut. There's a shortcut to doing shortcut. There's a shortcut to doing shortcut. There's a shortcut to doing this. All you have to do is go up here this. All you have to do is go up here this. All you have to do is go up here at the top and just go between any two at the top and just go between any two at the top and just go between any two of the column letters and doubleclick. of the column letters and doubleclick. of the column letters and doubleclick. And if you do that, look what happens. And if you do that, look what happens. And if you do that, look what happens. It automatically will perfectly size the It automatically will perfectly size the It automatically will perfectly size the column so that all of the text will fit. column so that all of the text will fit. column so that all of the text will fit. I could do that also for date purchased. I could do that also for date purchased. I could do that also for date purchased. And for rating, now notice in that case And for rating, now notice in that case And for rating, now notice in that case the rating column actually got narrower. the rating column actually got narrower. the rating column actually got narrower. It's because it doesn't need to be It's because it doesn't need to be It's because it doesn't need to be longer than what it is now. Okay? So I longer than what it is now. Okay? So I longer than what it is now. Okay? So I can do that with value and so forth. can do that with value and so forth. can do that with value and so forth. Now, let me show you yet another trick Now, let me show you yet another trick Now, let me show you yet another trick that's a little bit of a timesaver. that's a little bit of a timesaver. that's a little bit of a timesaver. Instead of double clicking between every Instead of double clicking between every Instead of double clicking between every single column one at a time, look what I single column one at a time, look what I single column one at a time, look what I can do. Click and drag on the column can do. Click and drag on the column can do. Click and drag on the column letters all the way across to the end of letters all the way across to the end of letters all the way across to the end of my data. And then doubleclick between my data. And then doubleclick between my data. And then doubleclick between any two of these. It doesn't matter any two of these. It doesn't matter any two of these. It doesn't matter which. Double click. And notice now it which. Double click. And notice now it which. Double click. And notice now it automatically resized every column. automatically resized every column. automatically resized every column. Every column that I had selected was Every column that I had selected was Every column that I had selected was affected by that double click. and now affected by that double click. and now affected by that double click. and now is perfectly sized to fit the content is perfectly sized to fit the content is perfectly sized to fit the content that's in those cells. And if I browse that's in those cells. And if I browse that's in those cells. And if I browse back to the left using this slider, you back to the left using this slider, you back to the left using this slider, you can see everything is perfectly sized. can see everything is perfectly sized. can see everything is perfectly sized. So, I used a phrase there. I said So, I used a phrase there. I said So, I used a phrase there. I said everything that was selected, every everything that was selected, every everything that was selected, every column that was selected was affected by column that was selected was affected by column that was selected was affected by what I did in Excel. That's a nice what I did in Excel. That's a nice what I did in Excel. That's a nice phrase to maybe think about. Select to phrase to maybe think about. Select to phrase to maybe think about. Select to affect. If you want to affect it, you affect. If you want to affect it, you affect. If you want to affect it, you must select it first. One more little must select it first. One more little must select it first. One more little shortcut, little trick. when you click shortcut, little trick. when you click shortcut, little trick. when you click and drag on those column headings. Yes, and drag on those column headings. Yes, and drag on those column headings. Yes, the fastest way to resize is to then the fastest way to resize is to then the fastest way to resize is to then double click between any two column double click between any two column double click between any two column letters, but you could alternatively letters, but you could alternatively letters, but you could alternatively just click and drag and watch what just click and drag and watch what just click and drag and watch what happens. I'm going to resize this happens. I'm going to resize this happens. I'm going to resize this column, let go, and look, every single column, let go, and look, every single column, let go, and look, every single column was affected because I had column was affected because I had column was affected because I had selected each. They're all affected by selected each. They're all affected by selected each. They're all affected by that, and they're all exactly the same that, and they're all exactly the same that, and they're all exactly the same width. So hopefully those little tricks width. So hopefully those little tricks width. So hopefully those little tricks will help you to be able to resize your will help you to be able to resize your will help you to be able to resize your columns the way that makes the most columns the way that makes the most columns the way that makes the most sense for you. And the idea is to make sense for you. And the idea is to make sense for you. And the idea is to make your data look nice because when it your data look nice because when it your data look nice because when it looks good, it's often easier to read, looks good, it's often easier to read, looks good, it's often easier to read, easier to understand and comprehend. easier to understand and comprehend. easier to understand and comprehend. Okay? Now, there are good reasons Okay? Now, there are good reasons Okay? Now, there are good reasons sometimes to keep columns narrow even if sometimes to keep columns narrow even if sometimes to keep columns narrow even if all the text doesn't fit. So you don't all the text doesn't fit. So you don't all the text doesn't fit. So you don't have to always make sure everything is have to always make sure everything is have to always make sure everything is always visible, but I want you to be always visible, but I want you to be always visible, but I want you to be able to do that when you need to. Okay, able to do that when you need to. Okay, able to do that when you need to. Okay, next up, I guess I do want to click here next up, I guess I do want to click here next up, I guess I do want to click here on movie inventory and underline it to on movie inventory and underline it to on movie inventory and underline it to set that apart as the title. And then set that apart as the title. And then set that apart as the title. And then down here, I would like to make all of down here, I would like to make all of down here, I would like to make all of these column names different. So, I'll these column names different. So, I'll these column names different. So, I'll highlight them and I'll go up and make highlight them and I'll go up and make highlight them and I'll go up and make them bold and let's say them bold and let's say them bold and let's say italicized. Now, the way I did that so italicized. Now, the way I did that so italicized. Now, the way I did that so fast, you may not have noticed. I simply fast, you may not have noticed. I simply fast, you may not have noticed. I simply clicked on the row number and it clicked on the row number and it clicked on the row number and it highlighted the entire row all the way highlighted the entire row all the way highlighted the entire row all the way to the right. And so, that selected it. to the right. And so, that selected it. to the right. And so, that selected it. And then to affect it, I just chose bold And then to affect it, I just chose bold And then to affect it, I just chose bold and italicize and it affected everything and italicize and it affected everything and italicize and it affected everything that's selected. So at this point, I that's selected. So at this point, I that's selected. So at this point, I hope that you are familiar now with the hope that you are familiar now with the hope that you are familiar now with the different names of the layout in Excel. different names of the layout in Excel. different names of the layout in Excel. We know what to call the different We know what to call the different We know what to call the different things like the tabs, the groups, the things like the tabs, the groups, the things like the tabs, the groups, the ribbons, things like that. We also know ribbons, things like that. We also know ribbons, things like that. We also know about columns, rows, cells, and ranges, about columns, rows, cells, and ranges, about columns, rows, cells, and ranges, sheets, and workbooks. And we know how sheets, and workbooks. And we know how sheets, and workbooks. And we know how to enter data and then how to select it to enter data and then how to select it to enter data and then how to select it to affect it and to change how it looks to affect it and to change how it looks to affect it and to change how it looks on the screen. And we also know how to on the screen. And we also know how to on the screen. And we also know how to adjust the column widths. And I didn't adjust the column widths. And I didn't adjust the column widths. And I didn't show this explicitly, so let me just show this explicitly, so let me just show this explicitly, so let me just quickly do that. Notice that you can quickly do that. Notice that you can quickly do that. Notice that you can affect the rows as well. So I can make affect the rows as well. So I can make affect the rows as well. So I can make rows taller than they would have rows taller than they would have rows taller than they would have otherwise been. I can double click otherwise been. I can double click otherwise been. I can double click between them to perfectly resize. I can between them to perfectly resize. I can between them to perfectly resize. I can affect more than one at a time by affect more than one at a time by affect more than one at a time by selecting more than one row. So all of selecting more than one row. So all of selecting more than one row. So all of those same techniques that I showed those same techniques that I showed those same techniques that I showed about the columns can also be used with about the columns can also be used with about the columns can also be used with the rows. So all of this in my opinion the rows. So all of this in my opinion the rows. So all of this in my opinion gives you a good foundation. It helps gives you a good foundation. It helps gives you a good foundation. It helps you understand the basics of using you understand the basics of using you understand the basics of using Excel. In a future video, I'll show you Excel. In a future video, I'll show you Excel. In a future video, I'll show you some intermediate Excel tips and tricks, some intermediate Excel tips and tricks, some intermediate Excel tips and tricks, ways that you can save time and effort ways that you can save time and effort ways that you can save time and effort as you're building your spreadsheets. as you're building your spreadsheets. as you're building your spreadsheets. We'll also get into formulas and We'll also get into formulas and We'll also get into formulas and functions, and that's really where much functions, and that's really where much functions, and that's really where much of the power of Excel is found. And I'll of the power of Excel is found. And I'll of the power of Excel is found. And I'll also throw in a couple of advanced Excel also throw in a couple of advanced Excel also throw in a couple of advanced Excel tips and tricks. So, please watch for tips and tricks. So, please watch for tips and tricks. So, please watch for that future video. Thanks for watching that future video. Thanks for watching that future video. Thanks for watching this Excel basics video. I hope you this Excel basics video. I hope you this Excel basics video. I hope you enjoyed it and please consider enjoyed it and please consider enjoyed it and please consider subscribing to my YouTube channel for subscribing to my YouTube channel for subscribing to my YouTube channel for more videos about technology for more videos about technology for more videos about technology for teachers and students and watch for a teachers and students and watch for a teachers and students and watch for a new video at least every Monday. Also, I new video at least every Monday. Also, I new video at least every Monday. Also, I hope that you'll follow me on Twitter, hope that you'll follow me on Twitter, hope that you'll follow me on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, and other social Facebook, Tumblr, and other social Facebook, Tumblr, and other social media. So, I hope that you'll follow me media. So, I hope that you'll follow me media. So, I hope that you'll follow me on these social media platforms and that on these social media platforms and that on these social media platforms and that we can keep learning together.