Hello, hello. My name is Masha Knots, Hello, hello. My name is Masha Knots, Hello, hello. My name is Masha Knots, and today I'm going to teach you how to and today I'm going to teach you how to and today I'm going to teach you how to make this Spider-Man friendship make this Spider-Man friendship make this Spider-Man friendship bracelet. My second book, The Art of bracelet. My second book, The Art of bracelet. My second book, The Art of Friendship Bracelets, is out now. It is Friendship Bracelets, is out now. It is Friendship Bracelets, is out now. It is full of my favorite bracelet tutorials. full of my favorite bracelet tutorials. full of my favorite bracelet tutorials. It is available as an ebook and also in It is available as an ebook and also in It is available as an ebook and also in print anywhere you typically buy books, print anywhere you typically buy books, print anywhere you typically buy books, and there is also a direct link in the and there is also a direct link in the and there is also a direct link in the description. This bracelet is made with description. This bracelet is made with description. This bracelet is made with what's called an alpha pattern. The rows what's called an alpha pattern. The rows what's called an alpha pattern. The rows are made horizontally rather than are made horizontally rather than are made horizontally rather than diagonally. That's how you can tell diagonally. That's how you can tell diagonally. That's how you can tell alpha patterns and normal patterns alpha patterns and normal patterns alpha patterns and normal patterns apart. The pattern to this bracelet is apart. The pattern to this bracelet is apart. The pattern to this bracelet is linked in the description. And if you linked in the description. And if you linked in the description. And if you want to learn how to make alpha patterns want to learn how to make alpha patterns want to learn how to make alpha patterns in general to be able to follow any in general to be able to follow any in general to be able to follow any pattern, I also have a tutorial for that pattern, I also have a tutorial for that pattern, I also have a tutorial for that which will be linked in the card and in which will be linked in the card and in which will be linked in the card and in the description. [music] This is a the description. [music] This is a the description. [music] This is a fairly simple pattern, and this tutorial fairly simple pattern, and this tutorial fairly simple pattern, and this tutorial is aimed at someone who is starting out. is aimed at someone who is starting out. is aimed at someone who is starting out. However, I would not recommend this be However, I would not recommend this be However, I would not recommend this be your first pattern you ever made. Alpha your first pattern you ever made. Alpha your first pattern you ever made. Alpha patterns and switching colors in an patterns and switching colors in an patterns and switching colors in an alpha pattern is inherently a little bit alpha pattern is inherently a little bit alpha pattern is inherently a little bit more challenging. If you're just more challenging. If you're just more challenging. If you're just starting out and making friendship starting out and making friendship starting out and making friendship bracelets, I would recommend you start bracelets, I would recommend you start bracelets, I would recommend you start with something like a chevron for which with something like a chevron for which with something like a chevron for which I also have a tutorial. I do also have a I also have a tutorial. I do also have a I also have a tutorial. I do also have a separate detailed tutorial on the basic separate detailed tutorial on the basic separate detailed tutorial on the basic knots. And so again, while I will be knots. And so again, while I will be knots. And so again, while I will be showing you how to make them in this showing you how to make them in this showing you how to make them in this video, the basic knots tutorial goes in video, the basic knots tutorial goes in video, the basic knots tutorial goes in depth about each of the knots, their depth about each of the knots, their depth about each of the knots, their function, and how to make them in function, and how to make them in function, and how to make them in multiple ways. But if you feel like multiple ways. But if you feel like multiple ways. But if you feel like you're up for the challenge, then let's you're up for the challenge, then let's you're up for the challenge, then let's get into it. You're going to need three get into it. You're going to need three get into it. You're going to need three colors for this bracelet. I went with colors for this bracelet. I went with colors for this bracelet. I went with black, white, and red. I'm using DMC black, white, and red. I'm using DMC black, white, and red. I'm using DMC number 321. You're not going to be using number 321. You're not going to be using number 321. You're not going to be using these strings for the base, however. You these strings for the base, however. You these strings for the base, however. You can use whatever color for the base. I can use whatever color for the base. I can use whatever color for the base. I decided to go with white just because I decided to go with white just because I decided to go with white just because I want my ties to match something that's want my ties to match something that's want my ties to match something that's already in the bracelet. The base already in the bracelet. The base already in the bracelet. The base strings are only going to be visible in strings are only going to be visible in strings are only going to be visible in the ties. So if you want them to match, the ties. So if you want them to match, the ties. So if you want them to match, you can do what I did and choose a color you can do what I did and choose a color you can do what I did and choose a color from the bracelet, or you can choose from the bracelet, or you can choose from the bracelet, or you can choose something completely different. You are something completely different. You are something completely different. You are going to need 11 base strings, and I going to need 11 base strings, and I going to need 11 base strings, and I recommend you count them three or four recommend you count them three or four recommend you count them three or four times. There is nothing more annoying times. There is nothing more annoying times. There is nothing more annoying than getting the number of base strings than getting the number of base strings than getting the number of base strings wrong when you're making an alpha wrong when you're making an alpha wrong when you're making an alpha bracelet. Trust me, I've made that bracelet. Trust me, I've made that bracelet. Trust me, I've made that mistake too many times. These strings do mistake too many times. These strings do mistake too many times. These strings do not need to be super long. I like to not need to be super long. I like to not need to be super long. I like to think of it as I need just enough think of it as I need just enough think of it as I need just enough strings for the bracelet itself, which strings for the bracelet itself, which strings for the bracelet itself, which is roughly 15-in cm for me, plus is roughly 15-in cm for me, plus is roughly 15-in cm for me, plus another, let's say, 10 to 15 cm for one another, let's say, 10 to 15 cm for one another, let's say, 10 to 15 cm for one side for the ties, and another 10 to 15 side for the ties, and another 10 to 15 side for the ties, and another 10 to 15 for the other side for the ties. So, for the other side for the ties. So, for the other side for the ties. So, 45-in 45-in 45-in cm is how much you can leave for the cm is how much you can leave for the cm is how much you can leave for the string. That said, I do tend to make string. That said, I do tend to make string. That said, I do tend to make mine a little bit longer than that just mine a little bit longer than that just mine a little bit longer than that just because I like to have something to hold because I like to have something to hold because I like to have something to hold on to, and I'm not too worried about on to, and I'm not too worried about on to, and I'm not too worried about wasting the string afterwards because I wasting the string afterwards because I wasting the string afterwards because I reuse all of my scraps anyway. So, cut reuse all of my scraps anyway. So, cut reuse all of my scraps anyway. So, cut your strings to length and make sure you your strings to length and make sure you your strings to length and make sure you definitely have 11 base strings. Once definitely have 11 base strings. Once definitely have 11 base strings. Once you've done that, you can secure your you've done that, you can secure your you've done that, you can secure your strings to your workspace. Leave those strings to your workspace. Leave those strings to your workspace. Leave those 10 to 15 cm of string that we discussed 10 to 15 cm of string that we discussed 10 to 15 cm of string that we discussed to make ties out of later. Secure your to make ties out of later. Secure your to make ties out of later. Secure your strings to your workspace however works strings to your workspace however works strings to your workspace however works for you. I like to use masking tape, and for you. I like to use masking tape, and for you. I like to use masking tape, and I tape my strings to my desk. If you're I tape my strings to my desk. If you're I tape my strings to my desk. If you're also using tape, make sure you use more also using tape, make sure you use more also using tape, make sure you use more than one piece. You want to make sure than one piece. You want to make sure than one piece. You want to make sure that you have a good [snorts] amount of that you have a good [snorts] amount of that you have a good [snorts] amount of strings taped down so you don't strings taped down so you don't strings taped down so you don't accidentally pull one out. I typically accidentally pull one out. I typically accidentally pull one out. I typically use two, maybe three pieces of tape. use two, maybe three pieces of tape. use two, maybe three pieces of tape. Just make sure to also spread those Just make sure to also spread those Just make sure to also spread those strings out underneath the tape, so strings out underneath the tape, so strings out underneath the tape, so you're kind of taping each of them you're kind of taping each of them you're kind of taping each of them individually to the table. Now, once individually to the table. Now, once individually to the table. Now, once you've done that, grab the first color you've done that, grab the first color you've done that, grab the first color that you're working with, the background that you're working with, the background that you're working with, the background color. That's the red one for me. Now, color. That's the red one for me. Now, color. That's the red one for me. Now, I'm going to be cutting my string. I'm going to be cutting my string. I'm going to be cutting my string. [music] You don't necessarily need to do [music] You don't necessarily need to do [music] You don't necessarily need to do that. A lot of people make alpha that. A lot of people make alpha that. A lot of people make alpha bracelets with bobbins in their hands, bracelets with bobbins in their hands, bracelets with bobbins in their hands, or with just a skein of string in their or with just a skein of string in their or with just a skein of string in their hand. I find this to be quite annoying. hand. I find this to be quite annoying. hand. I find this to be quite annoying. I don't like the feeling of a bobbin in I don't like the feeling of a bobbin in I don't like the feeling of a bobbin in my hand. It messes with the way that I my hand. It messes with the way that I my hand. It messes with the way that I make my knots. It's muscle memory for make my knots. It's muscle memory for make my knots. It's muscle memory for me, and I feel like it slows me down. me, and I feel like it slows me down. me, and I feel like it slows me down. And also, I don't like the feeling of a And also, I don't like the feeling of a And also, I don't like the feeling of a bunch of string in my hand for the same bunch of string in my hand for the same bunch of string in my hand for the same reason, also because the string [music] reason, also because the string [music] reason, also because the string [music] just gets tangled, at least in the just gets tangled, at least in the just gets tangled, at least in the bobbin it doesn't get tangled. So, I bobbin it doesn't get tangled. So, I bobbin it doesn't get tangled. So, I like to cut my strings. That does then like to cut my strings. That does then like to cut my strings. That does then mean that I will need to replace the mean that I will need to replace the mean that I will need to replace the string eventually once it runs out, but string eventually once it runs out, but string eventually once it runs out, but I'll show you how to do that, and it's I'll show you how to do that, and it's I'll show you how to do that, and it's done the same way as we're going to be done the same way as we're going to be done the same way as we're going to be doing the color switch later on in the doing the color switch later on in the doing the color switch later on in the bracelet. So, it's something you're bracelet. So, it's something you're bracelet. So, it's something you're going to have to learn how to do anyway. going to have to learn how to do anyway. going to have to learn how to do anyway. So, cut your string however long you So, cut your string however long you So, cut your string however long you want to. This part doesn't really want to. This part doesn't really want to. This part doesn't really matter. I'm probably doing about a meter matter. I'm probably doing about a meter matter. I'm probably doing about a meter or so. So, now that my red string is or so. So, now that my red string is or so. So, now that my red string is cut, I'm going to tape it alongside all cut, I'm going to tape it alongside all cut, I'm going to tape it alongside all of my other strings. [music] And I'm of my other strings. [music] And I'm of my other strings. [music] And I'm going to leave that same 10 to 15 cm going to leave that same 10 to 15 cm going to leave that same 10 to 15 cm because I'm going to be integrating it because I'm going to be integrating it because I'm going to be integrating it into the ties. You don't have to do into the ties. You don't have to do into the ties. You don't have to do this, you can leave the tail to be quite this, you can leave the tail to be quite this, you can leave the tail to be quite short and cut the string off from the short and cut the string off from the short and cut the string off from the back. But, because the bracelet starts back. But, because the bracelet starts back. But, because the bracelet starts right on the edge, I kind of want the right on the edge, I kind of want the right on the edge, I kind of want the string to be integrated into the [music] string to be integrated into the [music] string to be integrated into the [music] ties so it's not sticking out from the ties so it's not sticking out from the ties so it's not sticking out from the edge. So, I'm leaving just about enough edge. So, I'm leaving just about enough edge. So, I'm leaving just about enough to make the ties and I'm taping my to make the ties and I'm taping my to make the ties and I'm taping my string [music] string [music] string [music] to the left of my bracelet here. Alpha to the left of my bracelet here. Alpha to the left of my bracelet here. Alpha bracelets are made in horizontal rows. bracelets are made in horizontal rows. bracelets are made in horizontal rows. These are called the base strings. This These are called the base strings. This These are called the base strings. This is called the leading string. And the is called the leading string. And the is called the leading string. And the leading string is going to make knots leading string is going to make knots leading string is going to make knots all along each of the base strings from all along each of the base strings from all along each of the base strings from left to [music] right. Once it gets to left to [music] right. Once it gets to left to [music] right. Once it gets to the right side, it's going to make knots the right side, it's going to make knots the right side, it's going to make knots from right to left. And so, you end up from right to left. And so, you end up from right to left. And so, you end up with these horizontal rows, essentially with these horizontal rows, essentially with these horizontal rows, essentially kind of like a printer or an old kind of like a printer or an old kind of like a printer or an old printer. I don't think new printers do printer. I don't think new printers do printer. I don't think new printers do this. this. this. But, you're going row by row like this, But, you're going row by row like this, But, you're going row by row like this, left and right and left and right. You left and right and left and right. You left and right and left and right. You can tell what kind of knots you need to can tell what kind of knots you need to can tell what kind of knots you need to do based on where the string is located. do based on where the string is located. do based on where the string is located. My string is on the left, so it is going My string is on the left, so it is going My string is on the left, so it is going to be doing forward knots. A function of to be doing forward knots. A function of to be doing forward knots. A function of a forward knot is to move the string a forward knot is to move the string a forward knot is to move the string from the left to the right while making from the left to the right while making from the left to the right while making a knot of its color. So, we're going to a knot of its color. So, we're going to a knot of its color. So, we're going to be making forward knots along each of be making forward knots along each of be making forward knots along each of these strings. And once the string these strings. And once the string these strings. And once the string reaches the right side, we're going to reaches the right side, we're going to reaches the right side, we're going to be making backward knots. The function be making backward knots. The function be making backward knots. The function of a backward knot is to move the string of a backward knot is to move the string of a backward knot is to move the string from the right to the left while making from the right to the left while making from the right to the left while making a knot of its color. I will be showing a knot of its color. I will be showing a knot of its color. I will be showing you all of the knots here. But, if you you all of the knots here. But, if you you all of the knots here. But, if you want a deeper tutorial on the basic want a deeper tutorial on the basic want a deeper tutorial on the basic knots, their function, how they're knots, their function, how they're knots, their function, how they're represented in patterns, how to make represented in patterns, how to make represented in patterns, how to make them in several different ways, I do them in several different ways, I do them in several different ways, I do have a separate tutorial for that. I'll have a separate tutorial for that. I'll have a separate tutorial for that. I'll leave it linked in the card and in the leave it linked in the card and in the leave it linked in the card and in the description. What I am also going to be description. What I am also going to be description. What I am also going to be doing is following the straight edge doing is following the straight edge doing is following the straight edge technique. This is slightly more technique. This is slightly more technique. This is slightly more advanced and is not necessary. I just advanced and is not necessary. I just advanced and is not necessary. I just like the look of it for my bracelets. I like the look of it for my bracelets. I like the look of it for my bracelets. I like my edges to be super, super like my edges to be super, super like my edges to be super, super straight and not bumpy. There's nothing straight and not bumpy. There's nothing straight and not bumpy. There's nothing wrong with them being bumpy. Some people wrong with them being bumpy. Some people wrong with them being bumpy. Some people prefer that look. I just don't. prefer that look. I just don't. prefer that look. I just don't. So, because of that, on the very So, because of that, on the very So, because of that, on the very left-most string, I am always going to left-most string, I am always going to left-most string, I am always going to be doing a backward-forward knot, a knot be doing a backward-forward knot, a knot be doing a backward-forward knot, a knot [music] that takes my string from right [music] that takes my string from right [music] that takes my string from right to left and then back. Backward-forward to left and then back. Backward-forward to left and then back. Backward-forward knot is made up of half of a backward knot is made up of half of a backward knot is made up of half of a backward knot, half of a forward knot. And I'm knot, half of a forward knot. And I'm knot, half of a forward knot. And I'm going to be doing a similar thing on the going to be doing a similar thing on the going to be doing a similar thing on the rightmost string. On the rightmost rightmost string. On the rightmost rightmost string. On the rightmost string, I'm always going to be doing a string, I'm always going to be doing a string, I'm always going to be doing a forward backward knot, a knot that takes forward backward knot, a knot that takes forward backward knot, a knot that takes my string to the right and back. Let me my string to the right and back. Let me my string to the right and back. Let me show you exactly how this looks. So, I'm show you exactly how this looks. So, I'm show you exactly how this looks. So, I'm going to take that red string, and I'm going to take that red string, and I'm going to take that red string, and I'm going to swap it with that white string going to swap it with that white string going to swap it with that white string without making a knot. I'm just going to without making a knot. I'm just going to without making a knot. I'm just going to pretend that it's kind of to the right pretend that it's kind of to the right pretend that it's kind of to the right of it. And we are going to make a of it. And we are going to make a of it. And we are going to make a backward forward knot with the red backward forward knot with the red backward forward knot with the red string onto the white string. A backward string onto the white string. A backward string onto the white string. A backward knot is made like so. You place the red knot is made like so. You place the red knot is made like so. You place the red string over the white string, put your string over the white string, put your string over the white string, put your finger in, under, grab that red string, finger in, under, grab that red string, finger in, under, grab that red string, pull it through, pull it out. So, that's pull it through, pull it out. So, that's pull it through, pull it out. So, that's half of a backward knot, and then half half of a backward knot, and then half half of a backward knot, and then half of a forward knot. Forward knot is made of a forward knot. Forward knot is made of a forward knot. Forward knot is made in the opposite way. The red string goes in the opposite way. The red string goes in the opposite way. The red string goes over the white string. My finger goes over the white string. My finger goes over the white string. My finger goes in, under, grabs that red string, pulls in, under, grabs that red string, pulls in, under, grabs that red string, pulls it through. I'm going to show you all of it through. I'm going to show you all of it through. I'm going to show you all of the knots a couple of times, and then the knots a couple of times, and then the knots a couple of times, and then I'm going to be speeding through this. I'm going to be speeding through this. I'm going to be speeding through this. As I said, there is a full tutorial on As I said, there is a full tutorial on As I said, there is a full tutorial on the knots if you need a refresher. For the knots if you need a refresher. For the knots if you need a refresher. For the sake of the tutorial not being too the sake of the tutorial not being too the sake of the tutorial not being too long, I am going to be speeding through. long, I am going to be speeding through. long, I am going to be speeding through. Once we've done that, you can separate Once we've done that, you can separate Once we've done that, you can separate the rightmost string on this side, set the rightmost string on this side, set the rightmost string on this side, set it off to the side, and for all of the it off to the side, and for all of the it off to the side, and for all of the strings in the middle, of which there strings in the middle, of which there strings in the middle, of which there should be nine, make sure there are nine should be nine, make sure there are nine should be nine, make sure there are nine in the middle, 10, 11 in total. This is in the middle, 10, 11 in total. This is in the middle, 10, 11 in total. This is very important right now because if we very important right now because if we very important right now because if we get later on into the bracelet and it get later on into the bracelet and it get later on into the bracelet and it turns out it got a different number of turns out it got a different number of turns out it got a different number of strings, you won't be able to follow the strings, you won't be able to follow the strings, you won't be able to follow the design. Again, I've made this mistake design. Again, I've made this mistake design. Again, I've made this mistake way too many times, so I'm making sure way too many times, so I'm making sure way too many times, so I'm making sure you understand. It's very important you you understand. It's very important you you understand. It's very important you have the correct number of base strings. have the correct number of base strings. have the correct number of base strings. So, for all of the nine strings in the So, for all of the nine strings in the So, for all of the nine strings in the middle, we're going to be making forward middle, we're going to be making forward middle, we're going to be making forward knots with the red string onto each of knots with the red string onto each of knots with the red string onto each of them individually. So again, a forward them individually. So again, a forward them individually. So again, a forward knot is made up of two halves of a knot is made up of two halves of a knot is made up of two halves of a forward knot. You can do them the same forward knot. You can do them the same forward knot. You can do them the same way that I showed you previously, or you way that I showed you previously, or you way that I showed you previously, or you can do them with one hand like this. You can do them with one hand like this. You can do them with one hand like this. You put the red string over the white put the red string over the white put the red string over the white string, grab that red string with your string, grab that red string with your string, grab that red string with your finger, pull it through. That's half of finger, pull it through. That's half of finger, pull it through. That's half of a forward knot. You can do the same a forward knot. You can do the same a forward knot. You can do the same thing again like so. thing again like so. thing again like so. That's the second half of the forward That's the second half of the forward That's the second half of the forward knot, and you just gently pull it up. knot, and you just gently pull it up. knot, and you just gently pull it up. And you're going to be quite careful at And you're going to be quite careful at And you're going to be quite careful at the beginning as well because we've just the beginning as well because we've just the beginning as well because we've just started this bracelet. You're going to started this bracelet. You're going to started this bracelet. You're going to make sure that all of these strings, make sure that all of these strings, make sure that all of these strings, you're not pulling on them too tightly. you're not pulling on them too tightly. you're not pulling on them too tightly. You're not uh kind of pulling them out You're not uh kind of pulling them out You're not uh kind of pulling them out from under the tape there. You're not from under the tape there. You're not from under the tape there. You're not messing around with the row. You're just messing around with the row. You're just messing around with the row. You're just gently making a row forward knots on gently making a row forward knots on gently making a row forward knots on each of these strings one [music] by one each of these strings one [music] by one each of these strings one [music] by one like so. Now, once your red string has reached Now, once your red string has reached Now, once your red string has reached the edge string on the right, we're the edge string on the right, we're the edge string on the right, we're going to do a similar thing, as I said, going to do a similar thing, as I said, going to do a similar thing, as I said, to the other side for the sake of the to the other side for the sake of the to the other side for the sake of the straight edge technique. We are going to straight edge technique. We are going to straight edge technique. We are going to make a forward backward knot. [music] make a forward backward knot. [music] make a forward backward knot. [music] So, one half of a forward knot, just So, one half of a forward knot, just So, one half of a forward knot, just like we have been doing so far, and then like we have been doing so far, and then like we have been doing so far, and then half of the backward knot to keep those half of the backward knot to keep those half of the backward knot to keep those strings kind of pointing in rather than strings kind of pointing in rather than strings kind of pointing in rather than pointing out. We've done our first row. pointing out. We've done our first row. pointing out. We've done our first row. What you can do now is grab a ruler and What you can do now is grab a ruler and What you can do now is grab a ruler and just ever so gently make sure that that just ever so gently make sure that that just ever so gently make sure that that first row is exactly horizontal. And I first row is exactly horizontal. And I first row is exactly horizontal. And I like to do this every so often anyway as like to do this every so often anyway as like to do this every so often anyway as I'm making a bracelet. Every few rows I'm making a bracelet. Every few rows I'm making a bracelet. Every few rows that I make, I grab a ruler and I just that I make, I grab a ruler and I just that I make, I grab a ruler and I just make sure that they are horizontal and make sure that they are horizontal and make sure that they are horizontal and kind of push those knots into place. kind of push those knots into place. kind of push those knots into place. Don't make your knots too tight, Don't make your knots too tight, Don't make your knots too tight, otherwise you won't be able to maneuver otherwise you won't be able to maneuver otherwise you won't be able to maneuver them like this. But as you go along, you them like this. But as you go along, you them like this. But as you go along, you should be able to kind of push any should be able to kind of push any should be able to kind of push any imperfections into place if your rows imperfections into place if your rows imperfections into place if your rows start to wobble a little bit. Now, let's start to wobble a little bit. Now, let's start to wobble a little bit. Now, let's make another row. This time we're going make another row. This time we're going make another row. This time we're going from right to left. [music] We've just from right to left. [music] We've just from right to left. [music] We've just made a forward backward knot onto this made a forward backward knot onto this made a forward backward knot onto this edge string. That was for row one. We edge string. That was for row one. We edge string. That was for row one. We make another forward backward knot onto make another forward backward knot onto make another forward backward knot onto the same string for row two. This part the same string for row two. This part the same string for row two. This part confuses people sometimes, but don't confuses people sometimes, but don't confuses people sometimes, but don't worry. Each of the rows are individual. worry. Each of the rows are individual. worry. Each of the rows are individual. So, every time you get to the edge, kind So, every time you get to the edge, kind So, every time you get to the edge, kind of make two knots onto the same string, of make two knots onto the same string, of make two knots onto the same string, but that's because you made one for the but that's because you made one for the but that's because you made one for the previous row and then you're starting a previous row and then you're starting a previous row and then you're starting a new one. So, now that we've done that, new one. So, now that we've done that, new one. So, now that we've done that, once again, we do the same thing. We can once again, we do the same thing. We can once again, we do the same thing. We can take that leftmost string here. We can take that leftmost string here. We can take that leftmost string here. We can set it aside just so that we don't set it aside just so that we don't set it aside just so that we don't accidentally make a knot on it when we accidentally make a knot on it when we accidentally make a knot on it when we don't want to. And now, with that red don't want to. And now, with that red don't want to. And now, with that red string, we're going to be making string, we're going to be making string, we're going to be making backward knots onto each of the nine backward knots onto each of the nine backward knots onto each of the nine strings in the middle, starting with the strings in the middle, starting with the strings in the middle, starting with the string that's closest to it and going string that's closest to it and going string that's closest to it and going one by one. Now, a backward knot, as I one by one. Now, a backward knot, as I one by one. Now, a backward knot, as I showed you, is made up of two halves of showed you, is made up of two halves of showed you, is made up of two halves of a backward knot. It is important that a backward knot. It is important that a backward knot. It is important that you make both of these. You can do it you make both of these. You can do it you make both of these. You can do it the way that I showed you previously by the way that I showed you previously by the way that I showed you previously by making that kind of reverse figure four making that kind of reverse figure four making that kind of reverse figure four with two hands, or you can do it with with two hands, or you can do it with with two hands, or you can do it with one hand like so, just by pulling that one hand like so, just by pulling that one hand like so, just by pulling that string through. That's one half of the string through. That's one half of the string through. That's one half of the knot, and then doing it again makes the knot, and then doing it again makes the knot, and then doing it again makes the other half of the knot. You then grab other half of the knot. You then grab other half of the knot. You then grab the next string, and you make a backward the next string, and you make a backward the next string, and you make a backward knot onto that as well, just like so. knot onto that as well, just like so. knot onto that as well, just like so. And what can also help occasionally is And what can also help occasionally is And what can also help occasionally is taking like maybe three strings, taking like maybe three strings, taking like maybe three strings, separating them, and and putting your separating them, and and putting your separating them, and and putting your other hand. I make backward knots with other hand. I make backward knots with other hand. I make backward knots with my left hand. Some people use the same my left hand. Some people use the same my left hand. Some people use the same hand. I don't know how they do that. I hand. I don't know how they do that. I hand. I don't know how they do that. I can't do that. I use my left hand to can't do that. I use my left hand to can't do that. I use my left hand to make my backward knots, my right hand to make my backward knots, my right hand to make my backward knots, my right hand to make my forward knots. So, with my other make my forward knots. So, with my other make my forward knots. So, with my other hand, I sometimes like to take the base hand, I sometimes like to take the base hand, I sometimes like to take the base strings that I'm going to be working on strings that I'm going to be working on strings that I'm going to be working on and kind of separate them with my and kind of separate them with my and kind of separate them with my fingers like this, and keep them tight. fingers like this, and keep them tight. fingers like this, and keep them tight. So, as I'm making the rows and the knots So, as I'm making the rows and the knots So, as I'm making the rows and the knots on these individual strings, I can kind on these individual strings, I can kind on these individual strings, I can kind of differentiate and separate out those of differentiate and separate out those of differentiate and separate out those strings very easily. Like I've just made strings very easily. Like I've just made strings very easily. Like I've just made a backward knot onto this string. And a backward knot onto this string. And a backward knot onto this string. And now, with my hands, let me show you now, with my hands, let me show you now, with my hands, let me show you again, so that it's closer to the again, so that it's closer to the again, so that it's closer to the camera, but now with my hands I can kind camera, but now with my hands I can kind camera, but now with my hands I can kind of of of quickly change and keep this one a bit quickly change and keep this one a bit quickly change and keep this one a bit tight, and then maybe put it up, so I tight, and then maybe put it up, so I tight, and then maybe put it up, so I can make a backward knot onto this one can make a backward knot onto this one can make a backward knot onto this one pretty easily. And then I can grab the pretty easily. And then I can grab the pretty easily. And then I can grab the next one and make a backward knot onto next one and make a backward knot onto next one and make a backward knot onto that. When I do this, it kind of saves that. When I do this, it kind of saves that. When I do this, it kind of saves me the time from separating these me the time from separating these me the time from separating these strings, cuz now, obviously, those three strings, cuz now, obviously, those three strings, cuz now, obviously, those three are done. I have to go back here, are done. I have to go back here, are done. I have to go back here, separate three more. separate three more. separate three more. And uh actually, I can do all four now And uh actually, I can do all four now And uh actually, I can do all four now that I realized. that I realized. that I realized. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Yeah, I can do all four by keeping them >> Yeah, I can do all four by keeping them >> Yeah, I can do all four by keeping them tight like this. It just helps me uh tight like this. It just helps me uh tight like this. It just helps me uh save time uh in between kind of each of save time uh in between kind of each of save time uh in between kind of each of the individual strings. I don't the individual strings. I don't the individual strings. I don't necessarily have to go back and separate necessarily have to go back and separate necessarily have to go back and separate them. I can just kind of quickly switch, them. I can just kind of quickly switch, them. I can just kind of quickly switch, because I'm already keeping all four of because I'm already keeping all four of because I'm already keeping all four of them tight. And keeping the base string them tight. And keeping the base string them tight. And keeping the base string tight is quite important when you're tight is quite important when you're tight is quite important when you're making uh alpha bracelets, but also just making uh alpha bracelets, but also just making uh alpha bracelets, but also just in general, when you're making any kind in general, when you're making any kind in general, when you're making any kind of bracelets with any kind of knots, of bracelets with any kind of knots, of bracelets with any kind of knots, keeping the string that you're making keeping the string that you're making keeping the string that you're making them on too tight is important so it them on too tight is important so it them on too tight is important so it doesn't pop through and you don't doesn't pop through and you don't doesn't pop through and you don't accidentally see that color within the accidentally see that color within the accidentally see that color within the knot. If that does happen and if the knot. If that does happen and if the knot. If that does happen and if the wrong color pops through your knot, so wrong color pops through your knot, so wrong color pops through your knot, so say I was making a backward knot with my say I was making a backward knot with my say I was making a backward knot with my red string here and a little bit of red string here and a little bit of red string here and a little bit of white popped through, if you notice it white popped through, if you notice it white popped through, if you notice it straight away, you can actually fix that straight away, you can actually fix that straight away, you can actually fix that quite quickly. Just pull on that string quite quickly. Just pull on that string quite quickly. Just pull on that string that is popping through and you can and that is popping through and you can and that is popping through and you can and it'll pop right back into place. Now it'll pop right back into place. Now it'll pop right back into place. Now we're on the left edge, we're going to we're on the left edge, we're going to we're on the left edge, we're going to be making a backward forward knot. So be making a backward forward knot. So be making a backward forward knot. So half of a backward knot, half of a half of a backward knot, half of a half of a backward knot, half of a forward knot, just like [music] so. And forward knot, just like [music] so. And forward knot, just like [music] so. And we've made two rows. The next row is we've made two rows. The next row is we've made two rows. The next row is exactly the same as the first one that I exactly the same as the first one that I exactly the same as the first one that I showed you. You're going to start by showed you. You're going to start by showed you. You're going to start by making a backward forward knot onto this making a backward forward knot onto this making a backward forward knot onto this string, then nine forward knots, a string, then nine forward knots, a string, then nine forward knots, a forward backward knot onto that string. forward backward knot onto that string. forward backward knot onto that string. [music] So these are just empty rows. [music] So these are just empty rows. [music] So these are just empty rows. There are no color switches happening There are no color switches happening There are no color switches happening here. We are just making empty rows and here. We are just making empty rows and here. We are just making empty rows and you're going to continue doing that more you're going to continue doing that more you're going to continue doing that more or less for as long as you want. If or less for as long as you want. If or less for as long as you want. If you're aiming for your bracelet to be in you're aiming for your bracelet to be in you're aiming for your bracelet to be in between 13 and 16 cm like I am, an between 13 and 16 cm like I am, an between 13 and 16 cm like I am, an estimation would be make roughly 6 cm of estimation would be make roughly 6 cm of estimation would be make roughly 6 cm of just empty [music] rows and then we can just empty [music] rows and then we can just empty [music] rows and then we can talk about the design. I'm going to go talk about the design. I'm going to go talk about the design. I'm going to go make my empty rows off camera and I'll make my empty rows off camera and I'll make my empty rows off camera and I'll be with you once we get to the design. be with you once we get to the design. be with you once we get to the design. I was making my bracelet when I ran out I was making my bracelet when I ran out I was making my bracelet when I ran out of string and realized I didn't show you of string and realized I didn't show you of string and realized I didn't show you how to replace your string. Your string how to replace your string. Your string how to replace your string. Your string is likely to run out if you cut it like is likely to run out if you cut it like is likely to run out if you cut it like I did and when the time comes to replace I did and when the time comes to replace I did and when the time comes to replace it, you want to replace it somewhere it, you want to replace it somewhere it, you want to replace it somewhere closer towards the center of the closer towards the center of the closer towards the center of the bracelet. In other situations when you bracelet. In other situations when you bracelet. In other situations when you have to follow a specific pattern, you have to follow a specific pattern, you have to follow a specific pattern, you won't really get a choice, but if you won't really get a choice, but if you won't really get a choice, but if you have a choice, choosing the center is have a choice, choosing the center is have a choice, choosing the center is better than the edge. Cut a new string, better than the edge. Cut a new string, better than the edge. Cut a new string, tape it off to the side. You can leave a tape it off to the side. You can leave a tape it off to the side. You can leave a small tail, you don't need to do a large small tail, you don't need to do a large small tail, you don't need to do a large one. Put it under the strings that one. Put it under the strings that one. Put it under the strings that you've already made knots onto and make you've already made knots onto and make you've already made knots onto and make half of a knot onto the next string. My half of a knot onto the next string. My half of a knot onto the next string. My strings are going from right to left so strings are going from right to left so strings are going from right to left so I'm going to make half of a backward I'm going to make half of a backward I'm going to make half of a backward knot. If you're going the other knot. If you're going the other knot. If you're going the other direction, you're going to make half of direction, you're going to make half of direction, you're going to make half of a forward knot. So half of the knot that a forward knot. So half of the knot that a forward knot. So half of the knot that you were going to make with the other you were going to make with the other you were going to make with the other leading string, bring it all the way to leading string, bring it all the way to leading string, bring it all the way to the top, then take the previous leading the top, then take the previous leading the top, then take the previous leading string and just place it to the side string and just place it to the side string and just place it to the side like so. It's going to go in between the like so. It's going to go in between the like so. It's going to go in between the knot. You're not going to make the other knot. You're not going to make the other knot. You're not going to make the other half of the knot with the new leading half of the knot with the new leading half of the knot with the new leading string, string, string, >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> and that seals it off. The previous >> and that seals it off. The previous >> and that seals it off. The previous leading string is now in between that leading string is now in between that leading string is now in between that knot going through it. You then take the knot going through it. You then take the knot going through it. You then take the tail of the old leading string, and you tail of the old leading string, and you tail of the old leading string, and you put it behind the bracelet and off to put it behind the bracelet and off to put it behind the bracelet and off to the side in the opposite direction of the side in the opposite direction of the side in the opposite direction of where you're going. So, my strings are where you're going. So, my strings are where you're going. So, my strings are now pointing to the left, and pulling now pointing to the left, and pulling now pointing to the left, and pulling the string to the right so it's out of the string to the right so it's out of the string to the right so it's out of the way. You can even include it under the way. You can even include it under the way. You can even include it under the tape of the new string, and then the tape of the new string, and then the tape of the new string, and then continue with the new leading string as continue with the new leading string as continue with the new leading string as normal. It is now your leading string. normal. It is now your leading string. normal. It is now your leading string. So, I've made about 6 6 and 1/2 cm of my So, I've made about 6 6 and 1/2 cm of my So, I've made about 6 6 and 1/2 cm of my bracelet. I've had to replace the string bracelet. I've had to replace the string bracelet. I've had to replace the string several times throughout this process. several times throughout this process. several times throughout this process. I'm going to cut my strings from the I'm going to cut my strings from the I'm going to cut my strings from the back so that they're just not in the back so that they're just not in the back so that they're just not in the way. You can do this as you go along. way. You can do this as you go along. way. You can do this as you go along. You can do this at the end of your You can do this at the end of your You can do this at the end of your bracelet. It doesn't really matter. But, bracelet. It doesn't really matter. But, bracelet. It doesn't really matter. But, what you want to do is grab a pair of what you want to do is grab a pair of what you want to do is grab a pair of scissors and get as close as you can, scissors and get as close as you can, scissors and get as close as you can, and just snip those strings right off. and just snip those strings right off. and just snip those strings right off. They won't come undone. [music] It'll be They won't come undone. [music] It'll be They won't come undone. [music] It'll be fine. I promise. And that's it. My leading string is now And that's it. My leading string is now And that's it. My leading string is now on the right. Make sure that yours is on the right. Make sure that yours is on the right. Make sure that yours is too so you can follow this tutorial. We too so you can follow this tutorial. We too so you can follow this tutorial. We are going to be following this pattern are going to be following this pattern are going to be following this pattern closely. Our strings are going from closely. Our strings are going from closely. Our strings are going from right to left, and we are introducing right to left, and we are introducing right to left, and we are introducing the black string in this row. The first the black string in this row. The first the black string in this row. The first knot we make is going to be red. So, knot we make is going to be red. So, knot we make is going to be red. So, just as normal, we're going to make that just as normal, we're going to make that just as normal, we're going to make that forward backward knot on the edge to forward backward knot on the edge to forward backward knot on the edge to start the row. We then need to introduce start the row. We then need to introduce start the row. We then need to introduce a black string. I can tell from the a black string. I can tell from the a black string. I can tell from the pattern the black string makes seven pattern the black string makes seven pattern the black string makes seven knots. Instead of separating seven knots. Instead of separating seven knots. Instead of separating seven strings, it's going to be easier for me strings, it's going to be easier for me strings, it's going to be easier for me to separate three from the left side to separate three from the left side to separate three from the left side because that's how many knots are going because that's how many knots are going because that's how many knots are going to be made after the black knot. So, I'm to be made after the black knot. So, I'm to be made after the black knot. So, I'm just taking the three strings from the just taking the three strings from the just taking the three strings from the left, putting them off to the side, and left, putting them off to the side, and left, putting them off to the side, and now I know that all of the strings left now I know that all of the strings left now I know that all of the strings left in the middle are those seven strings in the middle are those seven strings in the middle are those seven strings that I need to make black knots onto. that I need to make black knots onto. that I need to make black knots onto. But, in order to make black knots, I But, in order to make black knots, I But, in order to make black knots, I need to first introduce the black need to first introduce the black need to first introduce the black string. We're going to do this the same string. We're going to do this the same string. We're going to do this the same way we did the swapping of the strings, way we did the swapping of the strings, way we did the swapping of the strings, except now one of them is a different except now one of them is a different except now one of them is a different color. Cut your black string. It doesn't color. Cut your black string. It doesn't color. Cut your black string. It doesn't need to be too long. I'm making mine need to be too long. I'm making mine need to be too long. I'm making mine roughly a meter in length cuz that's roughly a meter in length cuz that's roughly a meter in length cuz that's just my go-to. And tape it off to the just my go-to. And tape it off to the just my go-to. And tape it off to the right of your bracelet. Make sure the right of your bracelet. Make sure the right of your bracelet. Make sure the black string goes under this white black string goes under this white black string goes under this white string. Then grab the next white string, string. Then grab the next white string, string. Then grab the next white string, the next base string rather. Make half the next base string rather. Make half the next base string rather. Make half of a backward knot. Pull it up. Put the of a backward knot. Pull it up. Put the of a backward knot. Pull it up. Put the red string that was the leading string red string that was the leading string red string that was the leading string previously, put that to the left. And previously, put that to the left. And previously, put that to the left. And then make the second half of the then make the second half of the then make the second half of the backward knot to ensure that that red backward knot to ensure that that red backward knot to ensure that that red string is kind of in between and goes string is kind of in between and goes string is kind of in between and goes through the knot that we created. Then through the knot that we created. Then through the knot that we created. Then take the red string, put it down and off take the red string, put it down and off take the red string, put it down and off to the side on the right side. It's to the side on the right side. It's to the side on the right side. It's going to be off to the side for now. going to be off to the side for now. going to be off to the side for now. We've switched to the black string and We've switched to the black string and We've switched to the black string and the black string makes six more knots to the black string makes six more knots to the black string makes six more knots to the left onto the six strings that we've the left onto the six strings that we've the left onto the six strings that we've separated. So six backward knots with separated. So six backward knots with separated. So six backward knots with the black string. We now need to make three knots of red We now need to make three knots of red We now need to make three knots of red and we could bring back this red string and we could bring back this red string and we could bring back this red string and make knots with it. That's and make knots with it. That's and make knots with it. That's completely fine. But what I want to do completely fine. But what I want to do completely fine. But what I want to do instead is actually introduce another instead is actually introduce another instead is actually introduce another red string. I'll explain why, but first red string. I'll explain why, but first red string. I'll explain why, but first let me cut roughly about a meter as let me cut roughly about a meter as let me cut roughly about a meter as well. It doesn't really have to be that well. It doesn't really have to be that well. It doesn't really have to be that long, but again, I reuse my scraps, so long, but again, I reuse my scraps, so long, but again, I reuse my scraps, so I'm not too worried about that. And this I'm not too worried about that. And this I'm not too worried about that. And this time I'm going to tape it to the left of time I'm going to tape it to the left of time I'm going to tape it to the left of my bracelet. Now again, you don't have my bracelet. Now again, you don't have my bracelet. Now again, you don't have to do this. You could just use the same to do this. You could just use the same to do this. You could just use the same red string. But the reason I want to red string. But the reason I want to red string. But the reason I want to avoid it is because if you look at the avoid it is because if you look at the avoid it is because if you look at the pattern, there's a lot on the left side pattern, there's a lot on the left side pattern, there's a lot on the left side where we're just using red. There's a where we're just using red. There's a where we're just using red. There's a lot on the right side where we're just lot on the right side where we're just lot on the right side where we're just using red for the background. And in using red for the background. And in using red for the background. And in between that we have that eye, right? If between that we have that eye, right? If between that we have that eye, right? If we use the same string, it's going to be we use the same string, it's going to be we use the same string, it's going to be dragging from left to right to left to dragging from left to right to left to dragging from left to right to left to right to left to right and that might right to left to right and that might right to left to right and that might cause the bracelet to kind of constrict. cause the bracelet to kind of constrict. cause the bracelet to kind of constrict. And by using different red strings, And by using different red strings, And by using different red strings, keeping one all the way to the right, keeping one all the way to the right, keeping one all the way to the right, keeping another all the way to the left, keeping another all the way to the left, keeping another all the way to the left, we don't have that same dragging effect. we don't have that same dragging effect. we don't have that same dragging effect. And so the sides of the bracelet aren't And so the sides of the bracelet aren't And so the sides of the bracelet aren't being pulled together so much. Again, being pulled together so much. Again, being pulled together so much. Again, this isn't a requirement, but I find this isn't a requirement, but I find this isn't a requirement, but I find that it helps keep my alpha bracelets a that it helps keep my alpha bracelets a that it helps keep my alpha bracelets a little bit straighter if I have two little bit straighter if I have two little bit straighter if I have two sides of a background color to keep them sides of a background color to keep them sides of a background color to keep them separate. So, I've introduced a new red separate. So, I've introduced a new red separate. So, I've introduced a new red string. We're going to swap the strings string. We're going to swap the strings string. We're going to swap the strings the same way. So, I'm putting it under the same way. So, I'm putting it under the same way. So, I'm putting it under the base strings. I'm grabbing the next the base strings. I'm grabbing the next the base strings. I'm grabbing the next base string, just the one to the left of base string, just the one to the left of base string, just the one to the left of that black there. I'm doing half of a that black there. I'm doing half of a that black there. I'm doing half of a backward knot. I've made half of a backward knot. I've made half of a backward knot. I've made half of a backward knot to start. I put that black backward knot to start. I put that black backward knot to start. I put that black string in between that knot, and I make string in between that knot, and I make string in between that knot, and I make the second half of the backward knot to the second half of the backward knot to the second half of the backward knot to seal it in place, like so. That black seal it in place, like so. That black seal it in place, like so. That black string can now go under all of the base string can now go under all of the base string can now go under all of the base strings and to the right, out of the strings and to the right, out of the strings and to the right, out of the way. And that red string can continue way. And that red string can continue way. And that red string can continue doing the remaining two knots. One will doing the remaining two knots. One will doing the remaining two knots. One will be a backward knot, and the other, since be a backward knot, and the other, since be a backward knot, and the other, since it's on the left edge, will be a it's on the left edge, will be a it's on the left edge, will be a backward forward knot. backward forward knot. backward forward knot. I see a little bit of that black color I see a little bit of that black color I see a little bit of that black color popping through. I'm going to hold my popping through. I'm going to hold my popping through. I'm going to hold my bracelet gently and pull on that black bracelet gently and pull on that black bracelet gently and pull on that black string kind of it down, and that should string kind of it down, and that should string kind of it down, and that should move it out the way. I can also use my move it out the way. I can also use my move it out the way. I can also use my ruler to make sure that my knots are ruler to make sure that my knots are ruler to make sure that my knots are positioned exactly where I want them to positioned exactly where I want them to positioned exactly where I want them to be. We've made our first row with be. We've made our first row with be. We've made our first row with multiple colors. Looking at the pattern, multiple colors. Looking at the pattern, multiple colors. Looking at the pattern, we're now going from left to right. We we're now going from left to right. We we're now going from left to right. We need to make two knots of red. We make a need to make two knots of red. We make a need to make two knots of red. We make a backward forward knot for the edge, and backward forward knot for the edge, and backward forward knot for the edge, and then a forward knot. This is followed by one knot of black. This is followed by one knot of black. This is followed by one knot of black. So, we bring back that same black So, we bring back that same black So, we bring back that same black string. We make half of a forward knot, string. We make half of a forward knot, string. We make half of a forward knot, pull that string up, put the red string pull that string up, put the red string pull that string up, put the red string to the right, make the second half of to the right, make the second half of to the right, make the second half of that forward knot, securing the red that forward knot, securing the red that forward knot, securing the red string in between that knot, and then we string in between that knot, and then we string in between that knot, and then we put the red string down [music] and off put the red string down [music] and off put the red string down [music] and off to the side on the left. Remember, we to the side on the left. Remember, we to the side on the left. Remember, we have two red strings, so this one is have two red strings, so this one is have two red strings, so this one is going to be on the left. We're not going going to be on the left. We're not going going to be on the left. We're not going to be touching it, at least for the to be touching it, at least for the to be touching it, at least for the remainder of this row. We now need to remainder of this row. We now need to remainder of this row. We now need to switch to white immediately. So, again, switch to white immediately. So, again, switch to white immediately. So, again, I could count out five knots. It's I could count out five knots. It's I could count out five knots. It's easier for me to count out the remaining easier for me to count out the remaining easier for me to count out the remaining three from the right, set them off to three from the right, set them off to three from the right, set them off to the side. So, I've got five strings in the side. So, I've got five strings in the side. So, I've got five strings in the middle. I need a string of white. the middle. I need a string of white. the middle. I need a string of white. So, I'm going to cut myself, again, So, I'm going to cut myself, again, So, I'm going to cut myself, again, about a meter in length. It could be about a meter in length. It could be about a meter in length. It could be less. less. less. And just because we're going from left And just because we're going from left And just because we're going from left to right, I'm I'm to secure this string to right, I'm I'm to secure this string to right, I'm I'm to secure this string just to the left of my bracelet and to just to the left of my bracelet and to just to the left of my bracelet and to sure that it's under my base strings and sure that it's under my base strings and sure that it's under my base strings and I'm going to grab the next base string I'm going to grab the next base string I'm going to grab the next base string off to the black. I'm going to make a off to the black. I'm going to make a off to the black. I'm going to make a half of a forward knot, pull that up, half of a forward knot, pull that up, half of a forward knot, pull that up, the black string under, then do the the black string under, then do the the black string under, then do the second half of the knot, secure that second half of the knot, secure that second half of the knot, secure that black string in place, pull it under and black string in place, pull it under and black string in place, pull it under and just to the left. So, we're swapped onto just to the left. So, we're swapped onto just to the left. So, we're swapped onto white now. I'm going to make the four white now. I'm going to make the four white now. I'm going to make the four remaining white knots as normal. So, remaining white knots as normal. So, remaining white knots as normal. So, four forward knots with white. The pattern now calls for a black string The pattern now calls for a black string The pattern now calls for a black string and I could do the same thing I did with and I could do the same thing I did with and I could do the same thing I did with the reds by introducing another black the reds by introducing another black the reds by introducing another black string because we do have that black string because we do have that black string because we do have that black string dragging across from left to string dragging across from left to string dragging across from left to right quite a bit, but it doesn't drag right quite a bit, but it doesn't drag right quite a bit, but it doesn't drag quite so much and it's not quite so quite so much and it's not quite so quite so much and it's not quite so close to the edges. So, I'm less worried close to the edges. So, I'm less worried close to the edges. So, I'm less worried about it. I'm going to use the same about it. I'm going to use the same about it. I'm going to use the same string. I'm bringing that black string string. I'm bringing that black string string. I'm bringing that black string back and again I'm switching colors. So, back and again I'm switching colors. So, back and again I'm switching colors. So, I'm switching to the black string. All I'm switching to the black string. All I'm switching to the black string. All of the color switches are done the same of the color switches are done the same of the color switches are done the same way. You make half of the knot that you way. You make half of the knot that you way. You make half of the knot that you are going to make anyway. You introduce are going to make anyway. You introduce are going to make anyway. You introduce the previous string, you put it through the previous string, you put it through the previous string, you put it through that knot and you complete the second that knot and you complete the second that knot and you complete the second half of the knot with that [music] half of the knot with that [music] half of the knot with that [music] string in place in between. You then string in place in between. You then string in place in between. You then take the previous leading string, put it take the previous leading string, put it take the previous leading string, put it down and kind of under behind the down and kind of under behind the down and kind of under behind the bracelet, setting it aside. [music] bracelet, setting it aside. [music] bracelet, setting it aside. [music] Now, that black string gets immediately Now, that black string gets immediately Now, that black string gets immediately replaced with a red string and this time replaced with a red string and this time replaced with a red string and this time we're on the right side. So, I'm taking we're on the right side. So, I'm taking we're on the right side. So, I'm taking the red string from the right. I'm going the red string from the right. I'm going the red string from the right. I'm going to do the color switch the same way. I'm to do the color switch the same way. I'm to do the color switch the same way. I'm going to stop narrating what I'm doing going to stop narrating what I'm doing going to stop narrating what I'm doing with the color switches. They're all with the color switches. They're all with the color switches. They're all done the same way. So, I'm just going to done the same way. So, I'm just going to done the same way. So, I'm just going to say I'm doing a color switch here. I see say I'm doing a color switch here. I see say I'm doing a color switch here. I see that white string popping through. That that white string popping through. That that white string popping through. That can happen when you're doing two color can happen when you're doing two color can happen when you're doing two color switches one after the other. I'm just switches one after the other. I'm just switches one after the other. I'm just going to gently pull on it and I'm going going to gently pull on it and I'm going going to gently pull on it and I'm going to continue with my color switch like to continue with my color switch like to continue with my color switch like normal, just like so. And I'm going to normal, just like so. And I'm going to normal, just like so. And I'm going to set my black string aside and finish the set my black string aside and finish the set my black string aside and finish the row with a forward backward knot here row with a forward backward knot here row with a forward backward knot here with the red string. We've done two rows with the red string. We've done two rows with the red string. We've done two rows now. The next rows calls for three knots now. The next rows calls for three knots now. The next rows calls for three knots of red. I'm going to start by doing of red. I'm going to start by doing of red. I'm going to start by doing those. We then switch [music] to black and make We then switch [music] to black and make We then switch [music] to black and make a single knot of black. >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> We switch to white and make five >> We switch to white and make five >> We switch to white and make five backward knots with white. Then we switch to black and make just Then we switch to black and make just Then we switch to black and make just the one knot. And now we are faced with a color switch And now we are faced with a color switch And now we are faced with a color switch right on the edge. We now need to make a right on the edge. We now need to make a right on the edge. We now need to make a red knot. But if we switch the normal red knot. But if we switch the normal red knot. But if we switch the normal way, then the black string is going to way, then the black string is going to way, then the black string is going to be pointing out to the left right at the be pointing out to the left right at the be pointing out to the left right at the edge and it is going to be visible. So edge and it is going to be visible. So edge and it is going to be visible. So rather than doing the color switch the rather than doing the color switch the rather than doing the color switch the normal way, we are simply going to take normal way, we are simply going to take normal way, we are simply going to take the black string, put it under the base the black string, put it under the base the black string, put it under the base strings and put it off to the side. We strings and put it off to the side. We strings and put it off to the side. We are just going to introduce the red are just going to introduce the red are just going to introduce the red string and do the backward-forward knot string and do the backward-forward knot string and do the backward-forward knot with it and ignore the black string with it and ignore the black string with it and ignore the black string entirely. It's not the most secure way entirely. It's not the most secure way entirely. It's not the most secure way of switching colors, but when you have of switching colors, but when you have of switching colors, but when you have color switches on the edge and [music] color switches on the edge and [music] color switches on the edge and [music] the string is going to be pointing the string is going to be pointing the string is going to be pointing outwards, it's better to do it this way. outwards, it's better to do it this way. outwards, it's better to do it this way. Unless you don't mind the string kind of Unless you don't mind the string kind of Unless you don't mind the string kind of popping through. For the next row, we're popping through. For the next row, we're popping through. For the next row, we're starting with a knot of red, so we make starting with a knot of red, so we make starting with a knot of red, so we make another backward-forward knot here. We another backward-forward knot here. We another backward-forward knot here. We switch to black and this time we're switch to black and this time we're switch to black and this time we're going in the opposite direction, so the going in the opposite direction, so the going in the opposite direction, so the fact that it's near the edge doesn't fact that it's near the edge doesn't fact that it's near the edge doesn't matter. We're going to do a normal color matter. We're going to do a normal color matter. We're going to do a normal color switch with the black and just make the switch with the black and just make the switch with the black and just make the one knot here. one knot here. one knot here. I recommend all pet owners to have a I recommend all pet owners to have a I recommend all pet owners to have a pair of tweezers handy cuz they help you pair of tweezers handy cuz they help you pair of tweezers handy cuz they help you pull out cat hairs and pet hairs pull out cat hairs and pet hairs pull out cat hairs and pet hairs from your bracelets. [laughter] from your bracelets. [laughter] from your bracelets. [laughter] It's a necessity for me. We're now It's a necessity for me. We're now It's a necessity for me. We're now making four knots of white. So we bring making four knots of white. So we bring making four knots of white. So we bring back the white string, do a color switch back the white string, do a color switch back the white string, do a color switch and make the four knots. After that, we switch to the black After that, we switch to the black After that, we switch to the black string. We make just one knot of black. We switch to the red string on the right We switch to the red string on the right We switch to the red string on the right and we make four [music] red knots. >> [music] >> The row after that starts with five red >> The row after that starts with five red >> The row after that starts with five red knots. Then we make one knot of black. Then we switch immediately and make Then we switch immediately and make Then we switch immediately and make three knots of white. We switch back to black, make one knot We switch back to black, make one knot We switch back to black, make one knot of black. of black. of black. And then once again we are faced with a And then once again we are faced with a And then once again we are faced with a color switch on the edge, so the black color switch on the edge, so the black color switch on the edge, so the black string goes underneath the base string string goes underneath the base string string goes underneath the base string to the left. We're going to ignore it to the left. We're going to ignore it to the left. We're going to ignore it and we're just going to make a backward and we're just going to make a backward and we're just going to make a backward forward knot with the left [music] forward knot with the left [music] forward knot with the left [music] string of red. string of red. string of red. We're ready to finish this eye. Two We're ready to finish this eye. Two We're ready to finish this eye. Two knots of red, a backward forward knot knots of red, a backward forward knot knots of red, a backward forward knot for the edge [music] and then a forward for the edge [music] and then a forward for the edge [music] and then a forward knot. The black string makes three forward The black string makes three forward The black string makes three forward knots. We then switch to the red string on the We then switch to the red string on the We then switch to the red string on the right and it makes the remaining knots right and it makes the remaining knots right and it makes the remaining knots for this row all the way to the edge. Use this same red string to make two Use this same red string to make two Use this same red string to make two more rows fully of red. This red string more rows fully of red. This red string more rows fully of red. This red string is going to go all the way to the left is going to go all the way to the left is going to go all the way to the left in backward knots and then all the way in backward knots and then all the way in backward knots and then all the way to the right in forward knots with the to the right in forward knots with the to the right in forward knots with the exception of the edge strings, always a exception of the edge strings, always a exception of the edge strings, always a forward backward knot. On the right forward backward knot. On the right forward backward knot. On the right always a backward forward knot on the always a backward forward knot on the always a backward forward knot on the left edge string. So, two more rows left edge string. So, two more rows left edge string. So, two more rows fully red. We are now ready for the fully red. We are now ready for the fully red. We are now ready for the second eye. The red string on the right second eye. The red string on the right second eye. The red string on the right makes six knots. Except my red string is makes six knots. Except my red string is makes six knots. Except my red string is running out, so I'm going to make four running out, so I'm going to make four running out, so I'm going to make four and then I'm going to replace it with a and then I'm going to replace it with a and then I'm going to replace it with a new one. >> [music] >> I'm going to start speeding up a little >> I'm going to start speeding up a little >> I'm going to start speeding up a little bit for this part of the tutorial. bit for this part of the tutorial. bit for this part of the tutorial. Otherwise, we're going to be here for Otherwise, we're going to be here for Otherwise, we're going to be here for forever. We switch to black, make three forever. We switch to black, make three forever. We switch to black, make three knots of black, then switch to red with knots of black, then switch to red with knots of black, then switch to red with the string that's on the left, and we the string that's on the left, and we the string that's on the left, and we make two knots of red. >> [music] >> For this next row, we're starting with >> For this next row, we're starting with >> For this next row, we're starting with just a knot of red, a backward forward just a knot of red, a backward forward just a knot of red, a backward forward knot on the edge, then we switch to knot on the edge, then we switch to knot on the edge, then we switch to black, make one knot of black, then we black, make one knot of black, then we black, make one knot of black, then we switch to white, three knots of white, switch to white, three knots of white, switch to white, three knots of white, then one knot of black again, and red then one knot of black again, and red then one knot of black again, and red for the remainder of the row. But, don't for the remainder of the row. But, don't for the remainder of the row. But, don't forget to use the red string from the forget to use the red string from the forget to use the red string from the right side. For this next row, we start with four For this next row, we start with four For this next row, we start with four knots of red. We then [music] switch to knots of red. We then [music] switch to knots of red. We then [music] switch to black, then four knots of white, black, black, then four knots of white, black, black, then four knots of white, black, and red again. >> [music] >> For the next row, a knot of red, then >> For the next row, a knot of red, then >> For the next row, a knot of red, then black, then five knots [music] of white, black, then five knots [music] of white, black, then five knots [music] of white, black again, and three of red. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> For this row, we start with two knots of >> For this row, we start with two knots of >> For this row, we start with two knots of red. We then make one knot of black, red. We then make one knot of black, red. We then make one knot of black, five knots of white, one more of black, five knots of white, one more of black, five knots of white, one more of black, and two more of red. >> [music] >> And for the last row with multiple >> And for the last row with multiple >> And for the last row with multiple colors, we start by making three knots colors, we start by making three knots colors, we start by making three knots of red. We then make seven knots of of red. We then make seven knots of of red. We then make seven knots of black, and one more knot of red. The multicolored part of the pattern is The multicolored part of the pattern is The multicolored part of the pattern is finished. You now do the same thing that finished. You now do the same thing that finished. You now do the same thing that we did at the start. You make a bunch of we did at the start. You make a bunch of we did at the start. You make a bunch of rows just of red. You do have two red rows just of red. You do have two red rows just of red. You do have two red leading strings. This one's already on leading strings. This one's already on leading strings. This one's already on the side that you need, so you might as the side that you need, so you might as the side that you need, so you might as well use this one. Once it runs out, you well use this one. Once it runs out, you well use this one. Once it runs out, you can cut this one off, replace it, so you can cut this one off, replace it, so you can cut this one off, replace it, so you don't end up wasting this leading don't end up wasting this leading don't end up wasting this leading string. The other strings you can just string. The other strings you can just string. The other strings you can just cut off for use in a different project. cut off for use in a different project. cut off for use in a different project. Try to make the same or at least a Try to make the same or at least a Try to make the same or at least a similar amount of rows with just the red similar amount of rows with just the red similar amount of rows with just the red string after you finish this pattern. As string after you finish this pattern. As string after you finish this pattern. As I said, I did about 6, 6 and 1/2 cm at I said, I did about 6, 6 and 1/2 cm at I said, I did about 6, 6 and 1/2 cm at the beginning. I'm going to do it the beginning. I'm going to do it the beginning. I'm going to do it roughly the same amount here. Once I roughly the same amount here. Once I roughly the same amount here. Once I start feeling like I'm getting to that start feeling like I'm getting to that start feeling like I'm getting to that amount, I'm going to take my ruler and amount, I'm going to take my ruler and amount, I'm going to take my ruler and measure, and make sure that they are measure, and make sure that they are measure, and make sure that they are roughly equal, so that the bracelet roughly equal, so that the bracelet roughly equal, so that the bracelet doesn't look lopsided with one side doesn't look lopsided with one side doesn't look lopsided with one side longer than the other. longer than the other. longer than the other. I'm going to go finish my bracelet off I'm going to go finish my bracelet off I'm going to go finish my bracelet off camera, and I'll see you once I'm done. camera, and I'll see you once I'm done. camera, and I'll see you once I'm done. And this is the bracelet when it's done. And this is the bracelet when it's done. And this is the bracelet when it's done. This is a really fun design and I love This is a really fun design and I love This is a really fun design and I love how it turned out. I made braided ties how it turned out. I made braided ties how it turned out. I made braided ties at the ends of each of my bracelets. I at the ends of each of my bracelets. I at the ends of each of my bracelets. I didn't make any kind of special start or didn't make any kind of special start or didn't make any kind of special start or end. I simply braided the strings end. I simply braided the strings end. I simply braided the strings together [music] and made an overhand together [music] and made an overhand together [music] and made an overhand knot at the end to tie them off and cut knot at the end to tie them off and cut knot at the end to tie them off and cut them. This is what my bracelet looks them. This is what my bracelet looks them. This is what my bracelet looks like from the back. You can see the like from the back. You can see the like from the back. You can see the multiple points at which I replaced my multiple points at which I replaced my multiple points at which I replaced my red string and you can see how the red string and you can see how the red string and you can see how the strings drag across the back. This was a strings drag across the back. This was a strings drag across the back. This was a really fun pattern to make and I hope really fun pattern to make and I hope really fun pattern to make and I hope you guys enjoyed it. I don't normally do you guys enjoyed it. I don't normally do you guys enjoyed it. I don't normally do tutorials for alpha bracelets. But if tutorials for alpha bracelets. But if tutorials for alpha bracelets. But if you guys enjoy this one, maybe I will. you guys enjoy this one, maybe I will. you guys enjoy this one, maybe I will. Let me know. I do also have a tutorial Let me know. I do also have a tutorial Let me know. I do also have a tutorial on how to read alpha patterns and how to on how to read alpha patterns and how to on how to read alpha patterns and how to make these bracelets in general so you make these bracelets in general so you make these bracelets in general so you can make them yourself. I'll leave that can make them yourself. I'll leave that can make them yourself. I'll leave that linked in the description. And if you linked in the description. And if you linked in the description. And if you prefer offline tutorials, I also have prefer offline tutorials, I also have prefer offline tutorials, I also have two books. The Beginner's Guide to two books. The Beginner's Guide to two books. The Beginner's Guide to Friendship Bracelets takes you all the Friendship Bracelets takes you all the Friendship Bracelets takes you all the way from the basics to the more advanced way from the basics to the more advanced way from the basics to the more advanced stuff and it explains how to make alpha stuff and it explains how to make alpha stuff and it explains how to make alpha bracelets as well. The Art of Friendship bracelets as well. The Art of Friendship bracelets as well. The Art of Friendship Bracelets shares tons more patterns and Bracelets shares tons more patterns and Bracelets shares tons more patterns and goes in depth into some of the core goes in depth into some of the core goes in depth into some of the core concepts. Both of my books are available concepts. Both of my books are available concepts. Both of my books are available anywhere you typically buy them. There anywhere you typically buy them. There anywhere you typically buy them. There is also a direct link in the description is also a direct link in the description is also a direct link in the description if you want to get them and you can even if you want to get them and you can even if you want to get them and you can even get them as e-books if you prefer a get them as e-books if you prefer a get them as e-books if you prefer a digital version. Before I go, I also digital version. Before I go, I also digital version. Before I go, I also want to give a special shout-out to my want to give a special shout-out to my want to give a special shout-out to my YouTube members. It is with their YouTube members. It is with their YouTube members. It is with their support that I'm able to continue support that I'm able to continue support that I'm able to continue creating videos on this channel and I creating videos on this channel and I creating videos on this channel and I truly appreciate it. If you also want to truly appreciate it. If you also want to truly appreciate it. If you also want to become a member and support the work become a member and support the work become a member and support the work that I do here while getting exclusive that I do here while getting exclusive that I do here while getting exclusive perks, then hit the join button below. perks, then hit the join button below. perks, then hit the join button below. But in any case, thank you guys so much But in any case, thank you guys so much But in any case, thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed today's for watching. I hope you enjoyed today's for watching. I hope you enjoyed today's video. Leave any questions you have in video. Leave any questions you have in video. Leave any questions you have in the comments or in my Discord server and the comments or in my Discord server and the comments or in my Discord server and I'll see you in my next video. Bye. I'll see you in my next video. Bye. I'll see you in my next video. Bye. >> [music]