Hello, hello. My name is Masha Knots,
and today I'm going to teach you how to
make this Spider-Man friendship
bracelet. My second book, The Art of
Friendship Bracelets, is out now. It is
full of my favorite bracelet tutorials.
It is available as an ebook and also in
print anywhere you typically buy books,
and there is also a direct link in the
description. This bracelet is made with
what's called an alpha pattern. The rows
are made horizontally rather than
diagonally. That's how you can tell
alpha patterns and normal patterns
apart. The pattern to this bracelet is
linked in the description. And if you
want to learn how to make alpha patterns
in general to be able to follow any
pattern, I also have a tutorial for that
which will be linked in the card and in
the description. [music] This is a
fairly simple pattern, and this tutorial
is aimed at someone who is starting out.
However, I would not recommend this be
your first pattern you ever made. Alpha
patterns and switching colors in an
alpha pattern is inherently a little bit
more challenging. If you're just
starting out and making friendship
bracelets, I would recommend you start
with something like a chevron for which
I also have a tutorial. I do also have a
separate detailed tutorial on the basic
knots. And so again, while I will be
showing you how to make them in this
video, the basic knots tutorial goes in
depth about each of the knots, their
function, and how to make them in
multiple ways. But if you feel like
you're up for the challenge, then let's
get into it. You're going to need three
colors for this bracelet. I went with
black, white, and red. I'm using DMC
number 321. You're not going to be using
these strings for the base, however. You
can use whatever color for the base. I
decided to go with white just because I
want my ties to match something that's
already in the bracelet. The base
strings are only going to be visible in
the ties. So if you want them to match,
you can do what I did and choose a color
from the bracelet, or you can choose
something completely different. You are
going to need 11 base strings, and I
recommend you count them three or four
times. There is nothing more annoying
than getting the number of base strings
wrong when you're making an alpha
bracelet. Trust me, I've made that
mistake too many times. These strings do
not need to be super long. I like to
think of it as I need just enough
strings for the bracelet itself, which
is roughly 15-in cm for me, plus
another, let's say, 10 to 15 cm for one
side for the ties, and another 10 to 15
for the other side for the ties. So,
45-in
cm is how much you can leave for the
string. That said, I do tend to make
mine a little bit longer than that just
because I like to have something to hold
on to, and I'm not too worried about
wasting the string afterwards because I
reuse all of my scraps anyway. So, cut
your strings to length and make sure you
definitely have 11 base strings. Once
you've done that, you can secure your
strings to your workspace. Leave those
10 to 15 cm of string that we discussed
to make ties out of later. Secure your
strings to your workspace however works
for you. I like to use masking tape, and
I tape my strings to my desk. If you're
also using tape, make sure you use more
than one piece. You want to make sure
that you have a good [snorts] amount of
strings taped down so you don't
accidentally pull one out. I typically
use two, maybe three pieces of tape.
Just make sure to also spread those
strings out underneath the tape, so
you're kind of taping each of them
individually to the table. Now, once
you've done that, grab the first color
that you're working with, the background
color. That's the red one for me. Now,
I'm going to be cutting my string.
[music] You don't necessarily need to do
that. A lot of people make alpha
bracelets with bobbins in their hands,
or with just a skein of string in their
hand. I find this to be quite annoying.
I don't like the feeling of a bobbin in
my hand. It messes with the way that I
make my knots. It's muscle memory for
me, and I feel like it slows me down.
And also, I don't like the feeling of a
bunch of string in my hand for the same
reason, also because the string [music]
just gets tangled, at least in the
bobbin it doesn't get tangled. So, I
like to cut my strings. That does then
mean that I will need to replace the
string eventually once it runs out, but
I'll show you how to do that, and it's
done the same way as we're going to be
doing the color switch later on in the
bracelet. So, it's something you're
going to have to learn how to do anyway.
So, cut your string however long you
want to. This part doesn't really
matter. I'm probably doing about a meter
or so. So, now that my red string is
cut, I'm going to tape it alongside all
of my other strings. [music] And I'm
going to leave that same 10 to 15 cm
because I'm going to be integrating it
into the ties. You don't have to do
this, you can leave the tail to be quite
short and cut the string off from the
back. But, because the bracelet starts
right on the edge, I kind of want the
string to be integrated into the [music]
ties so it's not sticking out from the
edge. So, I'm leaving just about enough
to make the ties and I'm taping my
string [music]
to the left of my bracelet here. Alpha
bracelets are made in horizontal rows.
These are called the base strings. This
is called the leading string. And the
leading string is going to make knots
all along each of the base strings from
left to [music] right. Once it gets to
the right side, it's going to make knots
from right to left. And so, you end up
with these horizontal rows, essentially
kind of like a printer or an old
printer. I don't think new printers do
this.
But, you're going row by row like this,
left and right and left and right. You
can tell what kind of knots you need to
do based on where the string is located.
My string is on the left, so it is going
to be doing forward knots. A function of
a forward knot is to move the string
from the left to the right while making
a knot of its color. So, we're going to
be making forward knots along each of
these strings. And once the string
reaches the right side, we're going to
be making backward knots. The function
of a backward knot is to move the string
from the right to the left while making
a knot of its color. I will be showing
you all of the knots here. But, if you
want a deeper tutorial on the basic
knots, their function, how they're
represented in patterns, how to make
them in several different ways, I do
have a separate tutorial for that. I'll
leave it linked in the card and in the
description. What I am also going to be
doing is following the straight edge
technique. This is slightly more
advanced and is not necessary. I just
like the look of it for my bracelets. I
like my edges to be super, super
straight and not bumpy. There's nothing
wrong with them being bumpy. Some people
prefer that look. I just don't.
So, because of that, on the very
left-most string, I am always going to
be doing a backward-forward knot, a knot
[music] that takes my string from right
to left and then back. Backward-forward
knot is made up of half of a backward
knot, half of a forward knot. And I'm
going to be doing a similar thing on the
rightmost string. On the rightmost
string, I'm always going to be doing a
forward backward knot, a knot that takes
my string to the right and back. Let me
show you exactly how this looks. So, I'm
going to take that red string, and I'm
going to swap it with that white string
without making a knot. I'm just going to
pretend that it's kind of to the right
of it. And we are going to make a
backward forward knot with the red
string onto the white string. A backward
knot is made like so. You place the red
string over the white string, put your
finger in, under, grab that red string,
pull it through, pull it out. So, that's
half of a backward knot, and then half
of a forward knot. Forward knot is made
in the opposite way. The red string goes
over the white string. My finger goes
in, under, grabs that red string, pulls
it through. I'm going to show you all of
the knots a couple of times, and then
I'm going to be speeding through this.
As I said, there is a full tutorial on
the knots if you need a refresher. For
the sake of the tutorial not being too
long, I am going to be speeding through.
Once we've done that, you can separate
the rightmost string on this side, set
it off to the side, and for all of the
strings in the middle, of which there
should be nine, make sure there are nine
in the middle, 10, 11 in total. This is
very important right now because if we
get later on into the bracelet and it
turns out it got a different number of
strings, you won't be able to follow the
design. Again, I've made this mistake
way too many times, so I'm making sure
you understand. It's very important you
have the correct number of base strings.
So, for all of the nine strings in the
middle, we're going to be making forward
knots with the red string onto each of
them individually. So again, a forward
knot is made up of two halves of a
forward knot. You can do them the same
way that I showed you previously, or you
can do them with one hand like this. You
put the red string over the white
string, grab that red string with your
finger, pull it through. That's half of
a forward knot. You can do the same
thing again like so.
That's the second half of the forward
knot, and you just gently pull it up.
And you're going to be quite careful at
the beginning as well because we've just
started this bracelet. You're going to
make sure that all of these strings,
you're not pulling on them too tightly.
You're not uh kind of pulling them out
from under the tape there. You're not
messing around with the row. You're just
gently making a row forward knots on
each of these strings one [music] by one
like so.
Now, once your red string has reached
the edge string on the right, we're
going to do a similar thing, as I said,
to the other side for the sake of the
straight edge technique. We are going to
make a forward backward knot. [music]
So, one half of a forward knot, just
like we have been doing so far, and then
half of the backward knot to keep those
strings kind of pointing in rather than
pointing out. We've done our first row.
What you can do now is grab a ruler and
just ever so gently make sure that that
first row is exactly horizontal. And I
like to do this every so often anyway as
I'm making a bracelet. Every few rows
that I make, I grab a ruler and I just
make sure that they are horizontal and
kind of push those knots into place.
Don't make your knots too tight,
otherwise you won't be able to maneuver
them like this. But as you go along, you
should be able to kind of push any
imperfections into place if your rows
start to wobble a little bit. Now, let's
make another row. This time we're going
from right to left. [music] We've just
made a forward backward knot onto this
edge string. That was for row one. We
make another forward backward knot onto
the same string for row two. This part
confuses people sometimes, but don't
worry. Each of the rows are individual.
So, every time you get to the edge, kind
of make two knots onto the same string,
but that's because you made one for the
previous row and then you're starting a
new one. So, now that we've done that,
once again, we do the same thing. We can
take that leftmost string here. We can
set it aside just so that we don't
accidentally make a knot on it when we
don't want to. And now, with that red
string, we're going to be making
backward knots onto each of the nine
strings in the middle, starting with the
string that's closest to it and going
one by one. Now, a backward knot, as I
showed you, is made up of two halves of
a backward knot. It is important that
you make both of these. You can do it
the way that I showed you previously by
making that kind of reverse figure four
with two hands, or you can do it with
one hand like so, just by pulling that
string through. That's one half of the
knot, and then doing it again makes the
other half of the knot. You then grab
the next string, and you make a backward
knot onto that as well, just like so.
And what can also help occasionally is
taking like maybe three strings,
separating them, and and putting your
other hand. I make backward knots with
my left hand. Some people use the same
hand. I don't know how they do that. I
can't do that. I use my left hand to
make my backward knots, my right hand to
make my forward knots. So, with my other
hand, I sometimes like to take the base
strings that I'm going to be working on
and kind of separate them with my
fingers like this, and keep them tight.
So, as I'm making the rows and the knots
on these individual strings, I can kind
of differentiate and separate out those
strings very easily. Like I've just made
a backward knot onto this string. And
now, with my hands, let me show you
again, so that it's closer to the
camera, but now with my hands I can kind
of
quickly change and keep this one a bit
tight, and then maybe put it up, so I
can make a backward knot onto this one
pretty easily. And then I can grab the
next one and make a backward knot onto
that. When I do this, it kind of saves
me the time from separating these
strings, cuz now, obviously, those three
are done. I have to go back here,
separate three more.
And uh actually, I can do all four now
that I realized.
Yeah, I can do all four by keeping them
tight like this. It just helps me uh
save time uh in between kind of each of
the individual strings. I don't
necessarily have to go back and separate
them. I can just kind of quickly switch,
because I'm already keeping all four of
them tight. And keeping the base string
tight is quite important when you're
making uh alpha bracelets, but also just
in general, when you're making any kind
of bracelets with any kind of knots,
keeping the string that you're making
them on too tight is important so it
doesn't pop through and you don't
accidentally see that color within the
knot. If that does happen and if the
wrong color pops through your knot, so
say I was making a backward knot with my
red string here and a little bit of
white popped through, if you notice it
straight away, you can actually fix that
quite quickly. Just pull on that string
that is popping through and you can and
it'll pop right back into place. Now
we're on the left edge, we're going to
be making a backward forward knot. So
half of a backward knot, half of a
forward knot, just like [music] so. And
we've made two rows. The next row is
exactly the same as the first one that I
showed you. You're going to start by
making a backward forward knot onto this
string, then nine forward knots, a
forward backward knot onto that string.
[music] So these are just empty rows.
There are no color switches happening
here. We are just making empty rows and
you're going to continue doing that more
or less for as long as you want. If
you're aiming for your bracelet to be in
between 13 and 16 cm like I am, an
estimation would be make roughly 6 cm of
just empty [music] rows and then we can
talk about the design. I'm going to go
make my empty rows off camera and I'll
be with you once we get to the design.
I was making my bracelet when I ran out
of string and realized I didn't show you
how to replace your string. Your string
is likely to run out if you cut it like
I did and when the time comes to replace
it, you want to replace it somewhere
closer towards the center of the
bracelet. In other situations when you
have to follow a specific pattern, you
won't really get a choice, but if you
have a choice, choosing the center is
better than the edge. Cut a new string,
tape it off to the side. You can leave a
small tail, you don't need to do a large
one. Put it under the strings that
you've already made knots onto and make
half of a knot onto the next string. My
strings are going from right to left so
I'm going to make half of a backward
knot. If you're going the other
direction, you're going to make half of
a forward knot. So half of the knot that
you were going to make with the other
leading string, bring it all the way to
the top, then take the previous leading
string and just place it to the side
like so. It's going to go in between the
knot. You're not going to make the other
half of the knot with the new leading
string,
and that seals it off. The previous
leading string is now in between that
knot going through it. You then take the
tail of the old leading string, and you
put it behind the bracelet and off to
the side in the opposite direction of
where you're going. So, my strings are
now pointing to the left, and pulling
the string to the right so it's out of
the way. You can even include it under
the tape of the new string, and then
continue with the new leading string as
normal. It is now your leading string.
So, I've made about 6 6 and 1/2 cm of my
bracelet. I've had to replace the string
several times throughout this process.
I'm going to cut my strings from the
back so that they're just not in the
way. You can do this as you go along.
You can do this at the end of your
bracelet. It doesn't really matter. But,
what you want to do is grab a pair of
scissors and get as close as you can,
and just snip those strings right off.
They won't come undone. [music] It'll be
fine. I promise.
And that's it. My leading string is now
on the right. Make sure that yours is
too so you can follow this tutorial. We
are going to be following this pattern
closely. Our strings are going from
right to left, and we are introducing
the black string in this row. The first
knot we make is going to be red. So,
just as normal, we're going to make that
forward backward knot on the edge to
start the row. We then need to introduce
a black string. I can tell from the
pattern the black string makes seven
knots. Instead of separating seven
strings, it's going to be easier for me
to separate three from the left side
because that's how many knots are going
to be made after the black knot. So, I'm
just taking the three strings from the
left, putting them off to the side, and
now I know that all of the strings left
in the middle are those seven strings
that I need to make black knots onto.
But, in order to make black knots, I
need to first introduce the black
string. We're going to do this the same
way we did the swapping of the strings,
except now one of them is a different
color. Cut your black string. It doesn't
need to be too long. I'm making mine
roughly a meter in length cuz that's
just my go-to. And tape it off to the
right of your bracelet. Make sure the
black string goes under this white
string. Then grab the next white string,
the next base string rather. Make half
of a backward knot. Pull it up. Put the
red string that was the leading string
previously, put that to the left. And
then make the second half of the
backward knot to ensure that that red
string is kind of in between and goes
through the knot that we created. Then
take the red string, put it down and off
to the side on the right side. It's
going to be off to the side for now.
We've switched to the black string and
the black string makes six more knots to
the left onto the six strings that we've
separated. So six backward knots with
the black string.
We now need to make three knots of red
and we could bring back this red string
and make knots with it. That's
completely fine. But what I want to do
instead is actually introduce another
red string. I'll explain why, but first
let me cut roughly about a meter as
well. It doesn't really have to be that
long, but again, I reuse my scraps, so
I'm not too worried about that. And this
time I'm going to tape it to the left of
my bracelet. Now again, you don't have
to do this. You could just use the same
red string. But the reason I want to
avoid it is because if you look at the
pattern, there's a lot on the left side
where we're just using red. There's a
lot on the right side where we're just
using red for the background. And in
between that we have that eye, right? If
we use the same string, it's going to be
dragging from left to right to left to
right to left to right and that might
cause the bracelet to kind of constrict.
And by using different red strings,
keeping one all the way to the right,
keeping another all the way to the left,
we don't have that same dragging effect.
And so the sides of the bracelet aren't
being pulled together so much. Again,
this isn't a requirement, but I find
that it helps keep my alpha bracelets a
little bit straighter if I have two
sides of a background color to keep them
separate. So, I've introduced a new red
string. We're going to swap the strings
the same way. So, I'm putting it under
the base strings. I'm grabbing the next
base string, just the one to the left of
that black there. I'm doing half of a
backward knot. I've made half of a
backward knot to start. I put that black
string in between that knot, and I make
the second half of the backward knot to
seal it in place, like so. That black
string can now go under all of the base
strings and to the right, out of the
way. And that red string can continue
doing the remaining two knots. One will
be a backward knot, and the other, since
it's on the left edge, will be a
backward forward knot.
I see a little bit of that black color
popping through. I'm going to hold my
bracelet gently and pull on that black
string kind of it down, and that should
move it out the way. I can also use my
ruler to make sure that my knots are
positioned exactly where I want them to
be. We've made our first row with
multiple colors. Looking at the pattern,
we're now going from left to right. We
need to make two knots of red. We make a
backward forward knot for the edge, and
then a forward knot.
This is followed by one knot of black.
So, we bring back that same black
string. We make half of a forward knot,
pull that string up, put the red string
to the right, make the second half of
that forward knot, securing the red
string in between that knot, and then we
put the red string down [music] and off
to the side on the left. Remember, we
have two red strings, so this one is
going to be on the left. We're not going
to be touching it, at least for the
remainder of this row. We now need to
switch to white immediately. So, again,
I could count out five knots. It's
easier for me to count out the remaining
three from the right, set them off to
the side. So, I've got five strings in
the middle. I need a string of white.
So, I'm going to cut myself, again,
about a meter in length. It could be
less.
And just because we're going from left
to right, I'm I'm to secure this string
just to the left of my bracelet and to
sure that it's under my base strings and
I'm going to grab the next base string
off to the black. I'm going to make a
half of a forward knot, pull that up,
the black string under, then do the
second half of the knot, secure that
black string in place, pull it under and
just to the left. So, we're swapped onto
white now. I'm going to make the four
remaining white knots as normal. So,
four forward knots with white.
The pattern now calls for a black string
and I could do the same thing I did with
the reds by introducing another black
string because we do have that black
string dragging across from left to
right quite a bit, but it doesn't drag
quite so much and it's not quite so
close to the edges. So, I'm less worried
about it. I'm going to use the same
string. I'm bringing that black string
back and again I'm switching colors. So,
I'm switching to the black string. All
of the color switches are done the same
way. You make half of the knot that you
are going to make anyway. You introduce
the previous string, you put it through
that knot and you complete the second
half of the knot with that [music]
string in place in between. You then
take the previous leading string, put it
down and kind of under behind the
bracelet, setting it aside. [music]
Now, that black string gets immediately
replaced with a red string and this time
we're on the right side. So, I'm taking
the red string from the right. I'm going
to do the color switch the same way. I'm
going to stop narrating what I'm doing
with the color switches. They're all
done the same way. So, I'm just going to
say I'm doing a color switch here. I see
that white string popping through. That
can happen when you're doing two color
switches one after the other. I'm just
going to gently pull on it and I'm going
to continue with my color switch like
normal, just like so. And I'm going to
set my black string aside and finish the
row with a forward backward knot here
with the red string. We've done two rows
now. The next rows calls for three knots
of red. I'm going to start by doing
those.
We then switch [music] to black and make
a single knot of black.
We switch to white and make five
backward knots with white.
Then we switch to black and make just
the one knot.
And now we are faced with a color switch
right on the edge. We now need to make a
red knot. But if we switch the normal
way, then the black string is going to
be pointing out to the left right at the
edge and it is going to be visible. So
rather than doing the color switch the
normal way, we are simply going to take
the black string, put it under the base
strings and put it off to the side. We
are just going to introduce the red
string and do the backward-forward knot
with it and ignore the black string
entirely. It's not the most secure way
of switching colors, but when you have
color switches on the edge and [music]
the string is going to be pointing
outwards, it's better to do it this way.
Unless you don't mind the string kind of
popping through. For the next row, we're
starting with a knot of red, so we make
another backward-forward knot here. We
switch to black and this time we're
going in the opposite direction, so the
fact that it's near the edge doesn't
matter. We're going to do a normal color
switch with the black and just make the
one knot here.
I recommend all pet owners to have a
pair of tweezers handy cuz they help you
pull out cat hairs and pet hairs
from your bracelets. [laughter]
It's a necessity for me. We're now
making four knots of white. So we bring
back the white string, do a color switch
and make the four knots.
After that, we switch to the black
string. We make just one knot of black.
We switch to the red string on the right
and we make four [music] red knots.
The row after that starts with five red
knots.
Then we make one knot of black.
Then we switch immediately and make
three knots of white.
We switch back to black, make one knot
of black.
And then once again we are faced with a
color switch on the edge, so the black
string goes underneath the base string
to the left. We're going to ignore it
and we're just going to make a backward
forward knot with the left [music]
string of red.
We're ready to finish this eye. Two
knots of red, a backward forward knot
for the edge [music] and then a forward
knot.
The black string makes three forward
knots.
We then switch to the red string on the
right and it makes the remaining knots
for this row all the way to the edge.
Use this same red string to make two
more rows fully of red. This red string
is going to go all the way to the left
in backward knots and then all the way
to the right in forward knots with the
exception of the edge strings, always a
forward backward knot. On the right
always a backward forward knot on the
left edge string. So, two more rows
fully red. We are now ready for the
second eye. The red string on the right
makes six knots. Except my red string is
running out, so I'm going to make four
and then I'm going to replace it with a
new one.
I'm going to start speeding up a little
bit for this part of the tutorial.
Otherwise, we're going to be here for
forever. We switch to black, make three
knots of black, then switch to red with
the string that's on the left, and we
make two knots of red.
For this next row, we're starting with
just a knot of red, a backward forward
knot on the edge, then we switch to
black, make one knot of black, then we
switch to white, three knots of white,
then one knot of black again, and red
for the remainder of the row. But, don't
forget to use the red string from the
right side.
For this next row, we start with four
knots of red. We then [music] switch to
black, then four knots of white, black,
and red again.
For the next row, a knot of red, then
black, then five knots [music] of white,
black again, and three of red.
For this row, we start with two knots of
red. We then make one knot of black,
five knots of white, one more of black,
and two more of red.
And for the last row with multiple
colors, we start by making three knots
of red. We then make seven knots of
black, and one more knot of red.
The multicolored part of the pattern is
finished. You now do the same thing that
we did at the start. You make a bunch of
rows just of red. You do have two red
leading strings. This one's already on
the side that you need, so you might as
well use this one. Once it runs out, you
can cut this one off, replace it, so you
don't end up wasting this leading
string. The other strings you can just
cut off for use in a different project.
Try to make the same or at least a
similar amount of rows with just the red
string after you finish this pattern. As
I said, I did about 6, 6 and 1/2 cm at
the beginning. I'm going to do it
roughly the same amount here. Once I
start feeling like I'm getting to that
amount, I'm going to take my ruler and
measure, and make sure that they are
roughly equal, so that the bracelet
doesn't look lopsided with one side
longer than the other.
I'm going to go finish my bracelet off
camera, and I'll see you once I'm done.
And this is the bracelet when it's done.
This is a really fun design and I love
how it turned out. I made braided ties
at the ends of each of my bracelets. I
didn't make any kind of special start or
end. I simply braided the strings
together [music] and made an overhand
knot at the end to tie them off and cut
them. This is what my bracelet looks
like from the back. You can see the
multiple points at which I replaced my
red string and you can see how the
strings drag across the back. This was a
really fun pattern to make and I hope
you guys enjoyed it. I don't normally do
tutorials for alpha bracelets. But if
you guys enjoy this one, maybe I will.
Let me know. I do also have a tutorial
on how to read alpha patterns and how to
make these bracelets in general so you
can make them yourself. I'll leave that
linked in the description. And if you
prefer offline tutorials, I also have
two books. The Beginner's Guide to
Friendship Bracelets takes you all the
way from the basics to the more advanced
stuff and it explains how to make alpha
bracelets as well. The Art of Friendship
Bracelets shares tons more patterns and
goes in depth into some of the core
concepts. Both of my books are available
anywhere you typically buy them. There
is also a direct link in the description
if you want to get them and you can even
get them as e-books if you prefer a
digital version. Before I go, I also
want to give a special shout-out to my
YouTube members. It is with their
support that I'm able to continue
creating videos on this channel and I
truly appreciate it. If you also want to
become a member and support the work
that I do here while getting exclusive
perks, then hit the join button below.
But in any case, thank you guys so much
for watching. I hope you enjoyed today's
video. Leave any questions you have in
the comments or in my Discord server and
I'll see you in my next video. Bye.
