Okay guys, I'm in New York right now. I
literally just landed. It's currently
Saturday, July 11th, currently 2:46 p.m.
right now. We flew out this morning and
we landed at like 1:00. Then we had an
Uber. It was like a 45-minute Uber. Let
me tell you, that was some crazy
traffic. I've literally been in my room
for about 0.5 seconds and I've already
heard so many sirens. It's crazy. But
like I said, it is 2:00 p.m. and I
haven't eaten lunch yet and I'm
starving. I ate breakfast at literally
like 6:00 this morning when we left my
house. I'm actually here with my dad in
New York. We're here for 3 days and we
are on a little trip. I'm actually here
for a little brand deal situation that
I'm filming on Monday. But today's
currently Saturday, so I have all the
rest of the day and all of Sunday to
just do whatever I want in New York and
then Monday we're filming and we have
the shoot. So I thought I would vlog
this trip because I'm so excited. I'm
about to start getting ready really
quickly because we're going to lunch and
I just want to touch up like my makeup
because I didn't have any makeup on.
Well, actually I put on blush this
morning, but that's it. And I want to
look kind of cute to go out in New York.
We are really lucky though because the
hotel luckily let us check in early
because check-in wasn't actually
supposed to start till 4:00, but we were
able to check in at like 2:30, which is
so nice. We were driving here, we saw a
whole like group of pigeons and I
thought that the whole pigeon thing with
New York was like a myth, but no, pigeon
peeing is real. Okay, I just finished up
touching up my makeup. I feel like it
looks a little bit better. This
lighting's kind of crazy. I'll make sure
my fit looks okay because I feel like
it's super cute. And now we need to pack
my bag and then we'll head out. Here's
my first day in New York fit. I've got
this cute little baby tee on from
Brandy. I've got this little linen like
skirt from Free People and then I've got
on my classic little New Balance 550s. I
think I'm going to bring this bag with
me. I've got my goods. Now I'm going to
text my dad cuz he's staying in a
different room and we're going to meet
up together and go out. But this is the
fit. Let's go head out. I'm so excited.
It was so awkward. It's like, "Hello New
York." I'm not going to try that, but
like that's how I feel right now. Hi
guys, we just got out. Oh, it's actually
really loud. I didn't realize the
streets were this loud. My door lock was
broken. Well, it was messed up. It was
like stuck. So that took a second. But
now we're going to Pier Avena, which is
like a little cafe. We're going to get
lunch, a really late lunch, and coffee
hopefully cuz I need some caffeine.
I just got my food. It looks really
good. It's like a bowl. I'm going to try
my coffee. I got almond milk and agave,
which sounds kind of interesting. Let's
see how this goes.
That's really good. I've never had agave
before. We've had such an interesting
trip today. When we flew here, there was
a cat in the bathroom. And then we just
watched a dog poop in the middle of the
street, and then the owner just left it.
So, that's how today's going. Yeah, but
this coffee is so good.
They love them some horns. Anyways, my
coffee is super good. Tonight, I think
we're going to go hit up some Soho
shopping. So, the first stop, I think,
is going to be Brandy, cuz it's
literally right there. I looked at the
map, and it's like 500 ft away. This is
like revived me. I feel so much better
now that I have food and coffee in my
system. We were walking to Brandy, and
we just found Glossier. I'm so excited
to go in here. You're joking. Look at
that.
Okay, I just placed my order in
Glossier. Pick it up over here. Now I'm
waiting.
Okay, we just finished at Glossier, and
I got some bags. We're going to Brandy.
Wish I could make a countdown, cuz it's
going to be a while. This is so busy. Oh
my god. We're walking up on Brandy right
now, and there's literally a line. It's
so big. I'm confused to where this line
starts, though. I can't even walk. It's
crazy. That's like so many people. What
the heck?
Oh my gosh, you guys, I just got to
Brandy. That was actually the most crazy
experience of my entire life. We didn't
need to get a full bag, though. I'm
sweating everywhere. Oh my god. Now
we're going to go into Madewell Happy.
I've never been here before. I'm so
excited. We're going to go to New York
or Nowhere, but the line was okay long,
and I really wanted to go to Madewell
Happy instead. So, and then they have a
coffee shop, too, which is super cool.
We left Madewell Happy. I got two pieces
to try on. I got this shirt to try on.
Moving on to try on. The price is not on
it, which is kind of scary. And also,
this little yellow tee, I think, is
super cute. It's kind of cute. It's just
like $75, which I can't justify. I'm
100% buying this for sure. I love it. I
love it. I love the embroidery. I've
actually looked at this sweatshirt in
Madewell Happy, and I just never been in
one and bought it. So, it's perfect.
I just secured the bag at um Madewell
Happy. I got a sweatshirt. But now we're
going to go to the last stop of the day
and go to Free People, because I need to
find a top for my shoot on Monday. And
I've yet I have a blue and or white top
that I'd like.
I got strawberry lychee with rainbow
sprinkles.
We just finished getting our ice cream.
We got it from this random like little
like Asian style ice cream place. It was
so good. I got strawberry and lychee and
it was really good. It's like soft serve
ice cream. Now the sun's kind of
starting to set a little bit. It's
really pretty. But we're heading back
and I'm tired. So I'm going to get a
good shower and sleep tonight and then
tomorrow we got a long day. Oh my gosh.
Okay, hi guys. I'm back. Long time no
talk. Basically we had a whole fun
excursion because my door, like I told
you before, it was messed up again. So
we had to go get someone to look at my
door and we waited literally hours for
someone to like come and work on my door
and try to like engineer and fix it cuz
the lock was broken. And then they
switched me to a new room. So I'm in a
new room. It's like the same layout but
reversed. Okay, hi guys. Good morning.
It's actually currently next day right
now. It is Sunday. Look up. It is 8:11
a.m. right now. But last night and
yesterday we did have a lot of fun. It
was so much fun. It was just like a lot
if that makes sense. Like it was a lot
going on all the time. This morning I
was actually planning on getting up and
going into like the gym in my like
wherever I'm staying and like getting a
little workout in. But I feel like we're
going to be walking so much today. We
walked a ton yesterday and I honestly
just don't feel like working out today.
So I'm not going to. Sue me. The plans
for today we want to go to Times Square,
Central Park, and the Statue of Liberty.
And I want to walk around Central Park.
Before I like get up and do anything
today, I want to give you guys a haul of
what I got yesterday because the stuff I
got was so good. The shopping was very
calorie. You know what? I think I like
this lighting. So we're going to do the
haul right here. I went to three
different stores and as you can see I
did pretty good at all of them. I've
never been to Glossier before and this
bag is so cute. It even has my name on
it. She's adorable. But anyway, let's
see what I got. The first stuff we got
that iconic Glossier bag. Fun fact,
Glossier was the first makeup brand I
purchased back in sixth grade when I
first like had money. I asked my dad to
like buy me Glossier and I paid him back
for it. I got the I Heart Nudes Balm dot
com which is something I just saw they
launched. It's so cute. Like look at
that. It's like New York themed. Statue
of Liberty. It just says I Heart Nudes
on it. It's supposed to be like
universal which is like unscented but it
kind of smells a little floral. But I
like it. And then also I bought this
little sticker pack because I thought it
was really cute. It has like cute stuff
I want to like scrapbook or put
somewhere. I don't know. I just thought
these were really cute and I might to
them. And lastly, I saw that they
launched their new like new work merch
collection. So, I saw this little
t-shirt and I thought it was super cute.
And on the back, it has like an apple on
it and it says Glossier and it just has
their new work location. I'm going to
show you Mad Happy next. I actually went
to Brandy next, but that's like the
biggest bag of most of I bought. I've
never owned anything from Mad Happy and
I've always wanted something from them
because they have a ton of sweatshirts.
As soon as I saw this when I walked in,
I knew like I wanted this sweatshirt
because I've actually been eyeing this
sweatshirt in the past like on Pinterest
and stuff. I like looked at this and I
really wanted it. Ooh, look how cute it
is. Mad Happy sweatshirts always have
these like fun little suchi details.
It's like the MLB one. So, I am a fake
fan with this. I don't watch this team,
but I thought this sweatshirt was cute.
So, I'm just a girl. I don't watch
baseball. It's the one sport I like
cannot. And then the back has this on
it, which I love this. This is so cool.
I'm definitely going to test me to
college because this would be perfect
piece for college. So, and lastly, I of
course got a black bag, which means I
did some damage at Brandy. So,
everything that I picked up and liked, I
ended up buying because I couldn't try
it even on. I need to just delete me
from that Brandy experience. That was
the most packed Brandy I've ever been
into. I've only been into like one or
two, I think. It was so hot in there.
They had a bouncer like letting people
in. You had to like you'd wait in line
to get into Brandy. It was the most
stimulating experience in my entire
life. I would post on TikTok like, "Oh,
it's super overstimulating." No, it was
genuinely hotter inside than it was
outside and let me tell you, it's like
85 outside. But you feel like it was
like 90° in there. It was probably close
to like 100 people inside that Brandy.
You like literally could not move cuz
there's people all around you. And
nonetheless, I found some cute things.
First, I just got this little Brandy
tank. Super amazing. I almost have a
million colors. Then next, I wanted some
basics, so I got this scoop neck white
basic tee. And then the shocker, I got
another little basic pink. I've owned
this tank before in gray. I just got it
in white to throw on. I couldn't try
this on, so I like I wasn't sure about
this. But, it is a little like gray. It
looks kind of big.
Kind of tank top. But, I got this little
tank top. I thought it would be super
cute. Again, hopefully this fits me.
Ooh, we got some more color up in here.
We got some coral. I love Brandy's
coral. It's a sort of like
off-the-shoulder tee. I've actually like
wanted this top forever, but I love
these t-shirts. I also think it's kind
of fun. Like it's like off-the-shoulder
kind of I thought it'd be cute to throw
on with like some jeans. I'm also pretty
skeptical about this top. I don't know
how it's going to fit me. I thought it'd
look cute with like some jeans or
something. It's kind of long. It's the
Brandy yellow and I love Brandy's
yellow, so. This is like not a color
I've ever seen from Brandy either. It's
like a peachy kind of pink and I thought
this was adorable. I love this color so
much. Let me keep throwing it with like
some white shorts. I also picked up a
pink because I have the matching shorts
to it and I thought it'd be cute to get
like a little set. And this is super
fun. I got this little tee, it says New
York on it. I thought it'd be really,
really cute to throw on cuz it's very
like, oh yeah, it's like New York
Brandy, but I bought it in New York. I
got this top, of course. It's really
cute. It's a little v-neck top, but it
has this little stitching right here. I
love the pink. If you can't tell, pink
is my favorite color, so. Lastly,
because I spent I think I spent $200.
Like it was just over $200, which isn't
that bad for the amount of clothes I
bought.
They gave me a free tote bag, which I
didn't even know was a thing. It's
gigantic. They gave me this cute little
heart tote bag. That's kind of cool. I
didn't know Brandy did promotions or
deals or anything. This is like the size
of me. That was my Brandy haul and that
was my haul of everything that I bought.
All right, guys, I'm back. Good morning.
It's time to get ready. I just finished
getting dressed. I also want to show you
my fit for the night because I feel like
it's super cute. I'm not wearing shoes
yet though, so you have to see the
vision without shoes on, but it's still
cute. I have this little gray skort on
from Free People. I don't actually know
what the brand is, but it's something
Free People. I have this little
Brandy-like cross v-neck white top and I
have this little white bra underneath
and I'm wearing my classic just like
normal jewelry. It's very basic, but I
feel like that's like what I was seeing
yesterday. When I was in the streets of
New York, everything is like okay, it's
like black and white and basic outfits,
so this matches the vibe. Now it's time
to get ready. I just took a shower
because I actually wanted to wash my
hair. I thought we could start it on my
makeup. I actually want to dry my hair
first.
Okay, I just blow-dried my hair to about
75% of the way dry. It looks so much
better. It only took me like maybe 5
minutes if that. This morning I think
we're planning on going and getting
bagels. I think we're going to go to
Leo's Bagels cuz it's really close to us
and I've heard great things about it
like on TikTok and stuff. And then I
also want to try Blank Street today like
matcha and coffee. We had our like late
dinner / like lunch yesterday. We just
kind of loosely planned what we want to
do for today. We knew we wanted to like
see like the iconic spots in the city
because we're literally only in New York
for like less than 72 hours.
Okay, I just finished doing my makeup.
Here she is already in complete. My dad
just texted me asking me for the
toothpaste because he's already in the
aisle with the toothpaste, so.
We're going to go get my stuff together
and bring this toothpaste to him. All
right, now we're at Leo's Bagels and
we're getting bagels. I just got a bagel
with egg, cream cheese, and cucumber on
it. It's a really random combination,
but that's how I like to be right now,
so I don't know. There you go.
Okay, we just finished eating our
bagels. They're really good. And now
we're going to this little like, I don't
even know, place that I saw on the side
of the road. We're also really, really
close to Little Italy, which is kind of
crazy. Like, look at that.
It has good flavor. Do you think we're
coffee snobs? Now we're in line for New
York or nowhere. We got our coffee. It's
actually getting better as I drink it,
low-key.
Also, look how cute this is.
This line is incredibly long. It better
be worth the wait. I'm kind of
skeptical, but we shall see.
We just came out of Adicktive. Look how
cute. I've never been to Adicktive
before.
Okay, I got my duck. Now I'm currently
heading to Times Square right now. We've
been walking for like, literally, an
hour. It feels like forever, but we're
almost there. We're doing pretty good.
We just finished eating lunch, and now
we're walking through Times Square again
to get back to Central Park, because we
want to go to Central Park. We have a
tour tonight at like 7:00, so we have
plenty of time. Now we're just like
trying to kill time. Okay, hi guys.
We're currently in Central Park right
now. My hair looks crazy. That's the
product of having super thin hair and
being in heels all day long. It's
actually really pretty. I've never,
obviously, never seen this. I've never
been here before. But, Central Park is a
lot different than what I thought it was
going to be like. I didn't think it was
going to be like this. It's like,
actually low-key a park, just with a lot
of people in it, and a lot of rocks,
which is kind of weird. It's very
pretty. She's cute. We're just walking
around.
Okay, hi guys. We just got my coffee. We
went to, what was it, like, Rising Grind
Coffee? It's actually really good. It
was a random place we found. And I was
looking up coffee near me, and they were
using really good. And it was actually
really good. I got an iced vanilla latte
with oat milk.
Fire. My dad got a nitro cold brew with
milk, and that is the strongest coffee
I've ever tasted in my entire life. But,
this is really good. I give it like a
four out of five. It's currently 6:16
and we have an hour and 14 minutes till
our tour cuz we have a ferry tour of the
Statue of Liberty bridge and some other
things and that like at 7:30. So, we're
going to walk there in a minute, but
we're kind of chilling and drinking our
coffee before we go. Kiss the beer.
Guys, we're walking around and enjoying
the essence of New York. This is such an
interesting place. I'm sitting on the
corner of the street right now after the
coffee shop. There's a lot of people.
And I'm just going to sit here and
people watch low-key because it's
interesting, okay? I didn't mention
this, we also walked an incredible
amount of steps today. Holy crap. It's
6:00 p.m. and I have 19,300 steps and we
walked 8.8 miles today.
We're going to hit 10 miles before the
day ends, I guarantee you. Okay, hi
guys, we just made it to the pier. We
have a tour at 7:30 and it's currently
6:58. So, we're a little early. I love
the skyline. There's so many buses here.
What the heck? Hopefully the Eiffel Not
Eiffel I was going to say Eiffel Tower.
Wrong city. Hopefully the Statue of
Liberty lives up to expectations. We
shall see what we end up with.
Okay, hi guys, we just got back from our
little trip. We did our little ferry to
get ourselves out. As much as I love it,
this blue bracelet does not match my
bag. We have a long day ahead of us
tomorrow. I have my shoot, which is a
whole other ordeal. But, I wanted to
show you guys what I got today when I
went shopping. As you guys saw, I hit
some shopping places up. I only bought a
little bit of stuff today because it is
the day before yesterday and I wanted to
do more damage today. Honestly, I was
tired of shopping after the couple of
stores I hit today. Here's my cute
little addicted bag. My Garage bag did
indeed not make it. We ripped a hole in
it about midway through the day today.
Starting off, the first place I went to
was New Yorker No Where. I wanted to
pick something up from them cuz we
waited in line for like 30 minutes. So,
I just got this cute little postcard.
the guest check ones. It'll always be
New Yorker No Where. I thought this
would be super cool to like hang up
somewhere. I saw this really cute like
little poster kind of vibe. Then next,
addicted, which is where the bag is
actually from. And I found this top
because tomorrow for my shoot I need to
wear like a neutral top. I has a little
white top that I'm going to wear this
tomorrow for my shoot. I didn't even
steam it though. I need to remember to
do that tomorrow morning. It's like a
V-neck sort of top. It's lacy and
adorable and I hope it goes with my
little denim skirt tomorrow because I
brought one top, but I think it's better
to match the vibe of the shoot tomorrow.
Next up, I went to Garage and I found
this little matching set from Garage. I
love Garage. I did stumble across this
little basic gray tank. I love a good
Garage basic tank. I own a handful of
them and they're all so good. And then I
also got the little matching skirt with
it. It's like a little set. I love
little like lounge skirts. I don't own
one in this color. I don't have like a
gray one like this. super cute little
matching set. I thought it was super
cute just to travel in or like wear to
colleges. It's the perfect little
college set. The last thing that I
bought today, I have been on a hunt for
when I went to Hawaii, if you watch my
Hawaii vlogs, which you totally should
if you haven't. I just went to Hawaii
this past week. I know, I'm a little
traveling busy gal. But I went to Hawaii
and I was looking for a Hawaii duck the
entire time I was there for my Jeep
because if you don't know, I drive a
Jeep and you put ducks in Jeeps. When I
was walking on the streets of New York,
I saw that they had a little New York
duck. So of course I picked one up for
my Jeep. I'm excited to put this back in
here when I get back. It's a little such
a lovely duck which I thought was so
cute. Green, so cute and perfect. That
was everything I bought today. Nothing
too crazy. Now I'm back and I'm so
excited to take a shower. I'm so tired.
I love New York. Like it was fun for a
day and now I just feel like okay, I
want to go back home. Like I want to be
back in my bed. Here it's just not for
me. It's too much for me. Like I like a
little city vibe, but like this is too
much city vibe for me. It's also
currently 9:50, so I'm tired. I am so
tired. Okay, hey guys, welcome to day
three of the New York vlog. I just
finished getting dressed and ready for
today. I'm going to show you guys my fit
for the shoot. I'm really excited about
it. I bought this top yesterday. I just
feel like a little fit check because why
not? This top is the one that I bought
from Addiction obviously. I have a
little airy lace bralette underneath.
this little chunky gold coin necklace
from Amazon. I've got on this little
Hollister denim skirt and my classic New
Balance 550s. But I don't really have
much of a vlog today because it's shoot
day like I said. I'm going to be filming
most of the day which is crazy to say
that I'm doing a shoot like hello.
Basically the plan is for today where
this morning we're going to go get
breakfast and then we're going to come
back here, grab our bag. Then we have an
Uber from our hotel to the shoot
location and we're going to check out
before we Uber away because we won't
come back tonight. And right after our
shoot, we're going to Uber from the
shoot to JFK which is the airport and
fly back home. And I think we're
supposed to land at like 11-ish. And
then have a 2-hour drive back from the
airport to my house. I'm not getting
home till like 1:00 a.m. today.
Basically, I'm really excited about
that. When I was looking yesterday at
the set information for the shoot, they
said there was a period of time for hair
and makeup. This morning, I just went
and showered and blow-dried my hair, so
it's like nice and clean. And then I
don't have any makeup on, so they can do
my makeup when I get there. Let's go get
my dad. He's like two rooms over, and
we're going to go get some breakfast. I
found this cute little breakfast and
coffee place to go to.
Okay, we just got back from breakfast,
and I got my coffee. It went to El Polo,
it was really good, but now it's
currently 9:05, and we need to go check
out and get our Uber. Let's go, and then
we're going to go head to the shoot. Hey
guys, we're currently at the shoot right
now. I just found out I could walk here,
but I got my hair and makeup
professionally done. It looks so good.
It's like a blowout kind of vibe. My
makeup looks crazy. It's crazy good, by
the way. Now we're waiting. I just
finished taking a ton of pictures. It's
currently 12:59. It's almost 1:00. I'm
going to get another coffee, and I'm
doing great. I'm going to go behind the
scenes and show you some more stuff.
We're shooting till 6:00, so we have
like 5 hours of shooting.
And we just finished a bunch of
shooting. Now I'm eating lunch. So, it's
a lucky kind of digestion, but we'll be
back at it.
