>> Okay guys, I'm in New York right now. I >> Okay guys, I'm in New York right now. I >> Okay guys, I'm in New York right now. I literally just landed. It's currently literally just landed. It's currently literally just landed. It's currently Saturday, July 11th, currently 2:46 p.m. Saturday, July 11th, currently 2:46 p.m. Saturday, July 11th, currently 2:46 p.m. right now. We flew out this morning and right now. We flew out this morning and right now. We flew out this morning and we landed at like 1:00. Then we had an we landed at like 1:00. Then we had an we landed at like 1:00. Then we had an Uber. It was like a 45-minute Uber. Let Uber. It was like a 45-minute Uber. Let Uber. It was like a 45-minute Uber. Let me tell you, that was some crazy me tell you, that was some crazy me tell you, that was some crazy traffic. I've literally been in my room traffic. I've literally been in my room traffic. I've literally been in my room for about 0.5 seconds and I've already for about 0.5 seconds and I've already for about 0.5 seconds and I've already heard so many sirens. It's crazy. But heard so many sirens. It's crazy. But heard so many sirens. It's crazy. But like I said, it is 2:00 p.m. and I like I said, it is 2:00 p.m. and I like I said, it is 2:00 p.m. and I haven't eaten lunch yet and I'm haven't eaten lunch yet and I'm haven't eaten lunch yet and I'm starving. I ate breakfast at literally starving. I ate breakfast at literally starving. I ate breakfast at literally like 6:00 this morning when we left my like 6:00 this morning when we left my like 6:00 this morning when we left my house. I'm actually here with my dad in house. I'm actually here with my dad in house. I'm actually here with my dad in New York. We're here for 3 days and we New York. We're here for 3 days and we New York. We're here for 3 days and we are on a little trip. I'm actually here are on a little trip. I'm actually here are on a little trip. I'm actually here for a little brand deal situation that for a little brand deal situation that for a little brand deal situation that I'm filming on Monday. But today's I'm filming on Monday. But today's I'm filming on Monday. But today's currently Saturday, so I have all the currently Saturday, so I have all the currently Saturday, so I have all the rest of the day and all of Sunday to rest of the day and all of Sunday to rest of the day and all of Sunday to just do whatever I want in New York and just do whatever I want in New York and just do whatever I want in New York and then Monday we're filming and we have then Monday we're filming and we have then Monday we're filming and we have the shoot. So I thought I would vlog the shoot. So I thought I would vlog the shoot. So I thought I would vlog this trip because I'm so excited. I'm this trip because I'm so excited. I'm this trip because I'm so excited. I'm about to start getting ready really about to start getting ready really about to start getting ready really quickly because we're going to lunch and quickly because we're going to lunch and quickly because we're going to lunch and I just want to touch up like my makeup I just want to touch up like my makeup I just want to touch up like my makeup because I didn't have any makeup on. because I didn't have any makeup on. because I didn't have any makeup on. Well, actually I put on blush this Well, actually I put on blush this Well, actually I put on blush this morning, but that's it. And I want to morning, but that's it. And I want to morning, but that's it. And I want to look kind of cute to go out in New York. look kind of cute to go out in New York. look kind of cute to go out in New York. We are really lucky though because the We are really lucky though because the We are really lucky though because the hotel luckily let us check in early hotel luckily let us check in early hotel luckily let us check in early because check-in wasn't actually because check-in wasn't actually because check-in wasn't actually supposed to start till 4:00, but we were supposed to start till 4:00, but we were supposed to start till 4:00, but we were able to check in at like 2:30, which is able to check in at like 2:30, which is able to check in at like 2:30, which is so nice. We were driving here, we saw a so nice. We were driving here, we saw a so nice. We were driving here, we saw a whole like group of pigeons and I whole like group of pigeons and I whole like group of pigeons and I thought that the whole pigeon thing with thought that the whole pigeon thing with thought that the whole pigeon thing with New York was like a myth, but no, pigeon New York was like a myth, but no, pigeon New York was like a myth, but no, pigeon peeing is real. Okay, I just finished up peeing is real. Okay, I just finished up peeing is real. Okay, I just finished up touching up my makeup. I feel like it touching up my makeup. I feel like it touching up my makeup. I feel like it looks a little bit better. This looks a little bit better. This looks a little bit better. This lighting's kind of crazy. I'll make sure lighting's kind of crazy. I'll make sure lighting's kind of crazy. I'll make sure my fit looks okay because I feel like my fit looks okay because I feel like my fit looks okay because I feel like it's super cute. And now we need to pack it's super cute. And now we need to pack it's super cute. And now we need to pack my bag and then we'll head out. Here's my bag and then we'll head out. Here's my bag and then we'll head out. Here's my first day in New York fit. I've got my first day in New York fit. I've got my first day in New York fit. I've got this cute little baby tee on from this cute little baby tee on from this cute little baby tee on from Brandy. I've got this little linen like Brandy. I've got this little linen like Brandy. I've got this little linen like skirt from Free People and then I've got skirt from Free People and then I've got skirt from Free People and then I've got on my classic little New Balance 550s. I on my classic little New Balance 550s. I on my classic little New Balance 550s. I think I'm going to bring this bag with think I'm going to bring this bag with think I'm going to bring this bag with me. I've got my goods. Now I'm going to me. I've got my goods. Now I'm going to me. I've got my goods. Now I'm going to text my dad cuz he's staying in a text my dad cuz he's staying in a text my dad cuz he's staying in a different room and we're going to meet different room and we're going to meet different room and we're going to meet up together and go out. But this is the up together and go out. But this is the up together and go out. But this is the fit. Let's go head out. I'm so excited. fit. Let's go head out. I'm so excited. fit. Let's go head out. I'm so excited. It was so awkward. It's like, "Hello New It was so awkward. It's like, "Hello New It was so awkward. It's like, "Hello New York." I'm not going to try that, but York." I'm not going to try that, but York." I'm not going to try that, but like that's how I feel right now. Hi like that's how I feel right now. Hi like that's how I feel right now. Hi guys, we just got out. Oh, it's actually guys, we just got out. Oh, it's actually guys, we just got out. Oh, it's actually really loud. I didn't realize the really loud. I didn't realize the really loud. I didn't realize the streets were this loud. My door lock was streets were this loud. My door lock was streets were this loud. My door lock was broken. Well, it was messed up. It was broken. Well, it was messed up. It was broken. Well, it was messed up. It was like stuck. So that took a second. But like stuck. So that took a second. But like stuck. So that took a second. But now we're going to Pier Avena, which is now we're going to Pier Avena, which is now we're going to Pier Avena, which is like a little cafe. We're going to get like a little cafe. We're going to get like a little cafe. We're going to get lunch, a really late lunch, and coffee lunch, a really late lunch, and coffee lunch, a really late lunch, and coffee hopefully cuz I need some caffeine. I just got my food. It looks really I just got my food. It looks really I just got my food. It looks really good. It's like a bowl. I'm going to try good. It's like a bowl. I'm going to try good. It's like a bowl. I'm going to try my coffee. I got almond milk and agave, my coffee. I got almond milk and agave, my coffee. I got almond milk and agave, which sounds kind of interesting. Let's which sounds kind of interesting. Let's which sounds kind of interesting. Let's see how this goes. see how this goes. see how this goes. That's really good. I've never had agave That's really good. I've never had agave That's really good. I've never had agave before. We've had such an interesting before. We've had such an interesting before. We've had such an interesting trip today. When we flew here, there was trip today. When we flew here, there was trip today. When we flew here, there was a cat in the bathroom. And then we just a cat in the bathroom. And then we just a cat in the bathroom. And then we just watched a dog poop in the middle of the watched a dog poop in the middle of the watched a dog poop in the middle of the street, and then the owner just left it. street, and then the owner just left it. street, and then the owner just left it. So, that's how today's going. Yeah, but So, that's how today's going. Yeah, but So, that's how today's going. Yeah, but this coffee is so good. They love them some horns. Anyways, my They love them some horns. Anyways, my They love them some horns. Anyways, my coffee is super good. Tonight, I think coffee is super good. Tonight, I think coffee is super good. Tonight, I think we're going to go hit up some Soho we're going to go hit up some Soho we're going to go hit up some Soho shopping. So, the first stop, I think, shopping. So, the first stop, I think, shopping. So, the first stop, I think, is going to be Brandy, cuz it's is going to be Brandy, cuz it's is going to be Brandy, cuz it's literally right there. I looked at the literally right there. I looked at the literally right there. I looked at the map, and it's like 500 ft away. This is map, and it's like 500 ft away. This is map, and it's like 500 ft away. This is like revived me. I feel so much better like revived me. I feel so much better like revived me. I feel so much better now that I have food and coffee in my now that I have food and coffee in my now that I have food and coffee in my system. We were walking to Brandy, and system. We were walking to Brandy, and system. We were walking to Brandy, and we just found Glossier. I'm so excited we just found Glossier. I'm so excited we just found Glossier. I'm so excited to go in here. You're joking. Look at to go in here. You're joking. Look at to go in here. You're joking. Look at that. Okay, I just placed my order in Okay, I just placed my order in Okay, I just placed my order in Glossier. Pick it up over here. Now I'm Glossier. Pick it up over here. Now I'm Glossier. Pick it up over here. Now I'm waiting. waiting. waiting. Okay, we just finished at Glossier, and Okay, we just finished at Glossier, and Okay, we just finished at Glossier, and I got some bags. We're going to Brandy. I got some bags. We're going to Brandy. I got some bags. We're going to Brandy. Wish I could make a countdown, cuz it's Wish I could make a countdown, cuz it's Wish I could make a countdown, cuz it's going to be a while. This is so busy. Oh going to be a while. This is so busy. Oh going to be a while. This is so busy. Oh my god. We're walking up on Brandy right my god. We're walking up on Brandy right my god. We're walking up on Brandy right now, and there's literally a line. It's now, and there's literally a line. It's now, and there's literally a line. It's so big. I'm confused to where this line so big. I'm confused to where this line so big. I'm confused to where this line starts, though. I can't even walk. It's starts, though. I can't even walk. It's starts, though. I can't even walk. It's crazy. That's like so many people. What crazy. That's like so many people. What crazy. That's like so many people. What the heck? Oh my gosh, you guys, I just got to Oh my gosh, you guys, I just got to Oh my gosh, you guys, I just got to Brandy. That was actually the most crazy Brandy. That was actually the most crazy Brandy. That was actually the most crazy experience of my entire life. We didn't experience of my entire life. We didn't experience of my entire life. We didn't need to get a full bag, though. I'm need to get a full bag, though. I'm need to get a full bag, though. I'm sweating everywhere. Oh my god. Now sweating everywhere. Oh my god. Now sweating everywhere. Oh my god. Now we're going to go into Madewell Happy. we're going to go into Madewell Happy. we're going to go into Madewell Happy. I've never been here before. I'm so I've never been here before. I'm so I've never been here before. I'm so excited. We're going to go to New York excited. We're going to go to New York excited. We're going to go to New York or Nowhere, but the line was okay long, or Nowhere, but the line was okay long, or Nowhere, but the line was okay long, and I really wanted to go to Madewell and I really wanted to go to Madewell and I really wanted to go to Madewell Happy instead. So, and then they have a Happy instead. So, and then they have a Happy instead. So, and then they have a coffee shop, too, which is super cool. coffee shop, too, which is super cool. coffee shop, too, which is super cool. >> [music] >> We left Madewell Happy. I got two pieces >> We left Madewell Happy. I got two pieces >> We left Madewell Happy. I got two pieces to try on. I got this shirt to try on. to try on. I got this shirt to try on. to try on. I got this shirt to try on. Moving on to try on. The price is not on Moving on to try on. The price is not on Moving on to try on. The price is not on it, which is kind of scary. And also, it, which is kind of scary. And also, it, which is kind of scary. And also, this little yellow tee, I think, is this little yellow tee, I think, is this little yellow tee, I think, is super cute. It's kind of cute. It's just super cute. It's kind of cute. It's just super cute. It's kind of cute. It's just like $75, which I can't justify. I'm like $75, which I can't justify. I'm like $75, which I can't justify. I'm 100% buying this for sure. I love it. I 100% buying this for sure. I love it. I 100% buying this for sure. I love it. I love it. I love the embroidery. I've love it. I love the embroidery. I've love it. I love the embroidery. I've actually looked at this sweatshirt in actually looked at this sweatshirt in actually looked at this sweatshirt in Madewell Happy, and I just never been in Madewell Happy, and I just never been in Madewell Happy, and I just never been in one and bought it. So, it's perfect. one and bought it. So, it's perfect. one and bought it. So, it's perfect. I just secured the bag at um Madewell I just secured the bag at um Madewell I just secured the bag at um Madewell Happy. I got a sweatshirt. But now we're Happy. I got a sweatshirt. But now we're Happy. I got a sweatshirt. But now we're going to go to the last stop of the day going to go to the last stop of the day going to go to the last stop of the day and go to Free People, because I need to and go to Free People, because I need to and go to Free People, because I need to find a top for my shoot on Monday. And find a top for my shoot on Monday. And find a top for my shoot on Monday. And I've yet I have a blue and or white top I've yet I have a blue and or white top I've yet I have a blue and or white top that I'd like. >> [music] >> I got strawberry lychee with rainbow >> I got strawberry lychee with rainbow >> I got strawberry lychee with rainbow sprinkles. We just finished getting our ice cream. We just finished getting our ice cream. We just finished getting our ice cream. We got it from this random like little We got it from this random like little We got it from this random like little like Asian style ice cream place. It was like Asian style ice cream place. It was like Asian style ice cream place. It was so good. I got strawberry and lychee and so good. I got strawberry and lychee and so good. I got strawberry and lychee and it was really good. It's like soft serve it was really good. It's like soft serve it was really good. It's like soft serve ice cream. Now the sun's kind of ice cream. Now the sun's kind of ice cream. Now the sun's kind of starting to set a little bit. It's starting to set a little bit. It's starting to set a little bit. It's really pretty. But we're heading back really pretty. But we're heading back really pretty. But we're heading back and I'm tired. So I'm going to get a and I'm tired. So I'm going to get a and I'm tired. So I'm going to get a good shower and sleep tonight and then good shower and sleep tonight and then good shower and sleep tonight and then tomorrow we got a long day. Oh my gosh. tomorrow we got a long day. Oh my gosh. tomorrow we got a long day. Oh my gosh. Okay, hi guys. I'm back. Long time no Okay, hi guys. I'm back. Long time no Okay, hi guys. I'm back. Long time no talk. Basically we had a whole fun talk. Basically we had a whole fun talk. Basically we had a whole fun excursion because my door, like I told excursion because my door, like I told excursion because my door, like I told you before, it was messed up again. So you before, it was messed up again. So you before, it was messed up again. So we had to go get someone to look at my we had to go get someone to look at my we had to go get someone to look at my door and we waited literally hours for door and we waited literally hours for door and we waited literally hours for someone to like come and work on my door someone to like come and work on my door someone to like come and work on my door and try to like engineer and fix it cuz and try to like engineer and fix it cuz and try to like engineer and fix it cuz the lock was broken. And then they the lock was broken. And then they the lock was broken. And then they switched me to a new room. So I'm in a switched me to a new room. So I'm in a switched me to a new room. So I'm in a new room. It's like the same layout but new room. It's like the same layout but new room. It's like the same layout but reversed. Okay, hi guys. Good morning. reversed. Okay, hi guys. Good morning. reversed. Okay, hi guys. Good morning. It's actually currently next day right It's actually currently next day right It's actually currently next day right now. It is Sunday. Look up. It is 8:11 now. It is Sunday. Look up. It is 8:11 now. It is Sunday. Look up. It is 8:11 a.m. right now. But last night and a.m. right now. But last night and a.m. right now. But last night and yesterday we did have a lot of fun. It yesterday we did have a lot of fun. It yesterday we did have a lot of fun. It was so much fun. It was just like a lot was so much fun. It was just like a lot was so much fun. It was just like a lot if that makes sense. Like it was a lot if that makes sense. Like it was a lot if that makes sense. Like it was a lot going on all the time. This morning I going on all the time. This morning I going on all the time. This morning I was actually planning on getting up and was actually planning on getting up and was actually planning on getting up and going into like the gym in my like going into like the gym in my like going into like the gym in my like wherever I'm staying and like getting a wherever I'm staying and like getting a wherever I'm staying and like getting a little workout in. But I feel like we're little workout in. But I feel like we're little workout in. But I feel like we're going to be walking so much today. We going to be walking so much today. We going to be walking so much today. We walked a ton yesterday and I honestly walked a ton yesterday and I honestly walked a ton yesterday and I honestly just don't feel like working out today. just don't feel like working out today. just don't feel like working out today. So I'm not going to. Sue me. The plans So I'm not going to. Sue me. The plans So I'm not going to. Sue me. The plans for today we want to go to Times Square, for today we want to go to Times Square, for today we want to go to Times Square, Central Park, and the Statue of Liberty. Central Park, and the Statue of Liberty. Central Park, and the Statue of Liberty. And I want to walk around Central Park. And I want to walk around Central Park. And I want to walk around Central Park. Before I like get up and do anything Before I like get up and do anything Before I like get up and do anything today, I want to give you guys a haul of today, I want to give you guys a haul of today, I want to give you guys a haul of what I got yesterday because the stuff I what I got yesterday because the stuff I what I got yesterday because the stuff I got was so good. The shopping was very got was so good. The shopping was very got was so good. The shopping was very calorie. You know what? I think I like calorie. You know what? I think I like calorie. You know what? I think I like this lighting. So we're going to do the this lighting. So we're going to do the this lighting. So we're going to do the haul right here. I went to three haul right here. I went to three haul right here. I went to three different stores and as you can see I different stores and as you can see I different stores and as you can see I did pretty good at all of them. I've did pretty good at all of them. I've did pretty good at all of them. I've never been to Glossier before and this never been to Glossier before and this never been to Glossier before and this bag is so cute. It even has my name on bag is so cute. It even has my name on bag is so cute. It even has my name on it. She's adorable. But anyway, let's it. She's adorable. But anyway, let's it. She's adorable. But anyway, let's see what I got. The first stuff we got see what I got. The first stuff we got see what I got. The first stuff we got that iconic Glossier bag. Fun fact, that iconic Glossier bag. Fun fact, that iconic Glossier bag. Fun fact, Glossier was the first makeup brand I Glossier was the first makeup brand I Glossier was the first makeup brand I purchased back in sixth grade when I purchased back in sixth grade when I purchased back in sixth grade when I first like had money. I asked my dad to first like had money. I asked my dad to first like had money. I asked my dad to like buy me Glossier and I paid him back like buy me Glossier and I paid him back like buy me Glossier and I paid him back for it. I got the I Heart Nudes Balm dot for it. I got the I Heart Nudes Balm dot for it. I got the I Heart Nudes Balm dot com which is something I just saw they com which is something I just saw they com which is something I just saw they launched. It's so cute. Like look at launched. It's so cute. Like look at launched. It's so cute. Like look at that. It's like New York themed. Statue that. It's like New York themed. Statue that. It's like New York themed. Statue of Liberty. It just says I Heart Nudes of Liberty. It just says I Heart Nudes of Liberty. It just says I Heart Nudes on it. It's supposed to be like on it. It's supposed to be like on it. It's supposed to be like universal which is like unscented but it universal which is like unscented but it universal which is like unscented but it kind of smells a little floral. But I kind of smells a little floral. But I kind of smells a little floral. But I like it. And then also I bought this like it. And then also I bought this like it. And then also I bought this little sticker pack because I thought it little sticker pack because I thought it little sticker pack because I thought it was really cute. It has like cute stuff was really cute. It has like cute stuff was really cute. It has like cute stuff I want to like scrapbook or put I want to like scrapbook or put I want to like scrapbook or put somewhere. I don't know. I just thought somewhere. I don't know. I just thought somewhere. I don't know. I just thought these were really cute and I might to these were really cute and I might to these were really cute and I might to them. And lastly, I saw that they them. And lastly, I saw that they them. And lastly, I saw that they launched their new like new work merch launched their new like new work merch launched their new like new work merch collection. So, I saw this little collection. So, I saw this little collection. So, I saw this little t-shirt and I thought it was super cute. t-shirt and I thought it was super cute. t-shirt and I thought it was super cute. And on the back, it has like an apple on And on the back, it has like an apple on And on the back, it has like an apple on it and it says Glossier and it just has it and it says Glossier and it just has it and it says Glossier and it just has their new work location. I'm going to their new work location. I'm going to their new work location. I'm going to show you Mad Happy next. I actually went show you Mad Happy next. I actually went show you Mad Happy next. I actually went to Brandy next, but that's like the to Brandy next, but that's like the to Brandy next, but that's like the biggest bag of most of I bought. I've biggest bag of most of I bought. I've biggest bag of most of I bought. I've never owned anything from Mad Happy and never owned anything from Mad Happy and never owned anything from Mad Happy and I've always wanted something from them I've always wanted something from them I've always wanted something from them because they have a ton of sweatshirts. because they have a ton of sweatshirts. because they have a ton of sweatshirts. As soon as I saw this when I walked in, As soon as I saw this when I walked in, As soon as I saw this when I walked in, I knew like I wanted this sweatshirt I knew like I wanted this sweatshirt I knew like I wanted this sweatshirt because I've actually been eyeing this because I've actually been eyeing this because I've actually been eyeing this sweatshirt in the past like on Pinterest sweatshirt in the past like on Pinterest sweatshirt in the past like on Pinterest and stuff. I like looked at this and I and stuff. I like looked at this and I and stuff. I like looked at this and I really wanted it. Ooh, look how cute it really wanted it. Ooh, look how cute it really wanted it. Ooh, look how cute it is. Mad Happy sweatshirts always have is. Mad Happy sweatshirts always have is. Mad Happy sweatshirts always have these like fun little suchi details. these like fun little suchi details. these like fun little suchi details. It's like the MLB one. So, I am a fake It's like the MLB one. So, I am a fake It's like the MLB one. So, I am a fake fan with this. I don't watch this team, fan with this. I don't watch this team, fan with this. I don't watch this team, but I thought this sweatshirt was cute. but I thought this sweatshirt was cute. but I thought this sweatshirt was cute. So, I'm just a girl. I don't watch So, I'm just a girl. I don't watch So, I'm just a girl. I don't watch baseball. It's the one sport I like baseball. It's the one sport I like baseball. It's the one sport I like cannot. And then the back has this on cannot. And then the back has this on cannot. And then the back has this on it, which I love this. This is so cool. it, which I love this. This is so cool. it, which I love this. This is so cool. I'm definitely going to test me to I'm definitely going to test me to I'm definitely going to test me to college because this would be perfect college because this would be perfect college because this would be perfect piece for college. So, and lastly, I of piece for college. So, and lastly, I of piece for college. So, and lastly, I of course got a black bag, which means I course got a black bag, which means I course got a black bag, which means I did some damage at Brandy. So, did some damage at Brandy. So, did some damage at Brandy. So, everything that I picked up and liked, I everything that I picked up and liked, I everything that I picked up and liked, I ended up buying because I couldn't try ended up buying because I couldn't try ended up buying because I couldn't try it even on. I need to just delete me it even on. I need to just delete me it even on. I need to just delete me from that Brandy experience. That was from that Brandy experience. That was from that Brandy experience. That was the most packed Brandy I've ever been the most packed Brandy I've ever been the most packed Brandy I've ever been into. I've only been into like one or into. I've only been into like one or into. I've only been into like one or two, I think. It was so hot in there. two, I think. It was so hot in there. two, I think. It was so hot in there. They had a bouncer like letting people They had a bouncer like letting people They had a bouncer like letting people in. You had to like you'd wait in line in. You had to like you'd wait in line in. You had to like you'd wait in line to get into Brandy. It was the most to get into Brandy. It was the most to get into Brandy. It was the most stimulating experience in my entire stimulating experience in my entire stimulating experience in my entire life. I would post on TikTok like, "Oh, life. I would post on TikTok like, "Oh, life. I would post on TikTok like, "Oh, it's super overstimulating." No, it was it's super overstimulating." No, it was it's super overstimulating." No, it was genuinely hotter inside than it was genuinely hotter inside than it was genuinely hotter inside than it was outside and let me tell you, it's like outside and let me tell you, it's like outside and let me tell you, it's like 85 outside. But you feel like it was 85 outside. But you feel like it was 85 outside. But you feel like it was like 90° in there. It was probably close like 90° in there. It was probably close like 90° in there. It was probably close to like 100 people inside that Brandy. to like 100 people inside that Brandy. to like 100 people inside that Brandy. You like literally could not move cuz You like literally could not move cuz You like literally could not move cuz there's people all around you. And there's people all around you. And there's people all around you. And nonetheless, I found some cute things. nonetheless, I found some cute things. nonetheless, I found some cute things. First, I just got this little Brandy First, I just got this little Brandy First, I just got this little Brandy tank. Super amazing. I almost have a tank. Super amazing. I almost have a tank. Super amazing. I almost have a million colors. Then next, I wanted some million colors. Then next, I wanted some million colors. Then next, I wanted some basics, so I got this scoop neck white basics, so I got this scoop neck white basics, so I got this scoop neck white basic tee. And then the shocker, I got basic tee. And then the shocker, I got basic tee. And then the shocker, I got another little basic pink. I've owned another little basic pink. I've owned another little basic pink. I've owned this tank before in gray. I just got it this tank before in gray. I just got it this tank before in gray. I just got it in white to throw on. I couldn't try in white to throw on. I couldn't try in white to throw on. I couldn't try this on, so I like I wasn't sure about this on, so I like I wasn't sure about this on, so I like I wasn't sure about this. But, it is a little like gray. It this. But, it is a little like gray. It this. But, it is a little like gray. It looks kind of big. looks kind of big. looks kind of big. Kind of tank top. But, I got this little Kind of tank top. But, I got this little Kind of tank top. But, I got this little tank top. I thought it would be super tank top. I thought it would be super tank top. I thought it would be super cute. Again, hopefully this fits me. cute. Again, hopefully this fits me. cute. Again, hopefully this fits me. Ooh, we got some more color up in here. Ooh, we got some more color up in here. Ooh, we got some more color up in here. We got some coral. I love Brandy's We got some coral. I love Brandy's We got some coral. I love Brandy's coral. It's a sort of like coral. It's a sort of like coral. It's a sort of like off-the-shoulder tee. I've actually like off-the-shoulder tee. I've actually like off-the-shoulder tee. I've actually like wanted this top forever, but I love wanted this top forever, but I love wanted this top forever, but I love these t-shirts. I also think it's kind these t-shirts. I also think it's kind these t-shirts. I also think it's kind of fun. Like it's like off-the-shoulder of fun. Like it's like off-the-shoulder of fun. Like it's like off-the-shoulder kind of I thought it'd be cute to throw kind of I thought it'd be cute to throw kind of I thought it'd be cute to throw on with like some jeans. I'm also pretty on with like some jeans. I'm also pretty on with like some jeans. I'm also pretty skeptical about this top. I don't know skeptical about this top. I don't know skeptical about this top. I don't know how it's going to fit me. I thought it'd how it's going to fit me. I thought it'd how it's going to fit me. I thought it'd look cute with like some jeans or look cute with like some jeans or look cute with like some jeans or something. It's kind of long. It's the something. It's kind of long. It's the something. It's kind of long. It's the Brandy yellow and I love Brandy's Brandy yellow and I love Brandy's Brandy yellow and I love Brandy's yellow, so. This is like not a color yellow, so. This is like not a color yellow, so. This is like not a color I've ever seen from Brandy either. It's I've ever seen from Brandy either. It's I've ever seen from Brandy either. It's like a peachy kind of pink and I thought like a peachy kind of pink and I thought like a peachy kind of pink and I thought this was adorable. I love this color so this was adorable. I love this color so this was adorable. I love this color so much. Let me keep throwing it with like much. Let me keep throwing it with like much. Let me keep throwing it with like some white shorts. I also picked up a some white shorts. I also picked up a some white shorts. I also picked up a pink because I have the matching shorts pink because I have the matching shorts pink because I have the matching shorts to it and I thought it'd be cute to get to it and I thought it'd be cute to get to it and I thought it'd be cute to get like a little set. And this is super like a little set. And this is super like a little set. And this is super fun. I got this little tee, it says New fun. I got this little tee, it says New fun. I got this little tee, it says New York on it. I thought it'd be really, York on it. I thought it'd be really, York on it. I thought it'd be really, really cute to throw on cuz it's very really cute to throw on cuz it's very really cute to throw on cuz it's very like, oh yeah, it's like New York like, oh yeah, it's like New York like, oh yeah, it's like New York Brandy, but I bought it in New York. I Brandy, but I bought it in New York. I Brandy, but I bought it in New York. I got this top, of course. It's really got this top, of course. It's really got this top, of course. It's really cute. It's a little v-neck top, but it cute. It's a little v-neck top, but it cute. It's a little v-neck top, but it has this little stitching right here. I has this little stitching right here. I has this little stitching right here. I love the pink. If you can't tell, pink love the pink. If you can't tell, pink love the pink. If you can't tell, pink is my favorite color, so. Lastly, is my favorite color, so. Lastly, is my favorite color, so. Lastly, because I spent I think I spent $200. because I spent I think I spent $200. because I spent I think I spent $200. Like it was just over $200, which isn't Like it was just over $200, which isn't Like it was just over $200, which isn't that bad for the amount of clothes I that bad for the amount of clothes I that bad for the amount of clothes I bought. bought. bought. >> [laughter and gasps] >> [laughter and gasps] >> [laughter and gasps] >> They gave me a free tote bag, which I >> They gave me a free tote bag, which I >> They gave me a free tote bag, which I didn't even know was a thing. It's didn't even know was a thing. It's didn't even know was a thing. It's gigantic. They gave me this cute little gigantic. They gave me this cute little gigantic. They gave me this cute little heart tote bag. That's kind of cool. I heart tote bag. That's kind of cool. I heart tote bag. That's kind of cool. I didn't know Brandy did promotions or didn't know Brandy did promotions or didn't know Brandy did promotions or deals or anything. This is like the size deals or anything. This is like the size deals or anything. This is like the size of me. That was my Brandy haul and that of me. That was my Brandy haul and that of me. That was my Brandy haul and that was my haul of everything that I bought. was my haul of everything that I bought. was my haul of everything that I bought. All right, guys, I'm back. Good morning. All right, guys, I'm back. Good morning. All right, guys, I'm back. Good morning. It's time to get ready. I just finished It's time to get ready. I just finished It's time to get ready. I just finished getting dressed. I also want to show you getting dressed. I also want to show you getting dressed. I also want to show you my fit for the night because I feel like my fit for the night because I feel like my fit for the night because I feel like it's super cute. I'm not wearing shoes it's super cute. I'm not wearing shoes it's super cute. I'm not wearing shoes yet though, so you have to see the yet though, so you have to see the yet though, so you have to see the vision without shoes on, but it's still vision without shoes on, but it's still vision without shoes on, but it's still cute. I have this little gray skort on cute. I have this little gray skort on cute. I have this little gray skort on from Free People. I don't actually know from Free People. I don't actually know from Free People. I don't actually know what the brand is, but it's something what the brand is, but it's something what the brand is, but it's something Free People. I have this little Free People. I have this little Free People. I have this little Brandy-like cross v-neck white top and I Brandy-like cross v-neck white top and I Brandy-like cross v-neck white top and I have this little white bra underneath have this little white bra underneath have this little white bra underneath and I'm wearing my classic just like and I'm wearing my classic just like and I'm wearing my classic just like normal jewelry. It's very basic, but I normal jewelry. It's very basic, but I normal jewelry. It's very basic, but I feel like that's like what I was seeing feel like that's like what I was seeing feel like that's like what I was seeing yesterday. When I was in the streets of yesterday. When I was in the streets of yesterday. When I was in the streets of New York, everything is like okay, it's New York, everything is like okay, it's New York, everything is like okay, it's like black and white and basic outfits, like black and white and basic outfits, like black and white and basic outfits, so this matches the vibe. Now it's time so this matches the vibe. Now it's time so this matches the vibe. Now it's time to get ready. I just took a shower to get ready. I just took a shower to get ready. I just took a shower because I actually wanted to wash my because I actually wanted to wash my because I actually wanted to wash my hair. I thought we could start it on my hair. I thought we could start it on my hair. I thought we could start it on my makeup. I actually want to dry my hair makeup. I actually want to dry my hair makeup. I actually want to dry my hair first. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Okay, I just blow-dried my hair to about >> Okay, I just blow-dried my hair to about >> Okay, I just blow-dried my hair to about 75% of the way dry. It looks so much 75% of the way dry. It looks so much 75% of the way dry. It looks so much better. It only took me like maybe 5 better. It only took me like maybe 5 better. It only took me like maybe 5 minutes if that. This morning I think minutes if that. This morning I think minutes if that. This morning I think we're planning on going and getting we're planning on going and getting we're planning on going and getting bagels. I think we're going to go to bagels. I think we're going to go to bagels. I think we're going to go to Leo's Bagels cuz it's really close to us Leo's Bagels cuz it's really close to us Leo's Bagels cuz it's really close to us and I've heard great things about it and I've heard great things about it and I've heard great things about it like on TikTok and stuff. And then I like on TikTok and stuff. And then I like on TikTok and stuff. And then I also want to try Blank Street today like also want to try Blank Street today like also want to try Blank Street today like matcha and coffee. We had our like late matcha and coffee. We had our like late matcha and coffee. We had our like late dinner / like lunch yesterday. We just dinner / like lunch yesterday. We just dinner / like lunch yesterday. We just kind of loosely planned what we want to kind of loosely planned what we want to kind of loosely planned what we want to do for today. We knew we wanted to like do for today. We knew we wanted to like do for today. We knew we wanted to like see like the iconic spots in the city see like the iconic spots in the city see like the iconic spots in the city because we're literally only in New York because we're literally only in New York because we're literally only in New York for like less than 72 hours. Okay, I just finished doing my makeup. Okay, I just finished doing my makeup. Okay, I just finished doing my makeup. Here she is already in complete. My dad Here she is already in complete. My dad Here she is already in complete. My dad just texted me asking me for the just texted me asking me for the just texted me asking me for the toothpaste because he's already in the toothpaste because he's already in the toothpaste because he's already in the aisle with the toothpaste, so. aisle with the toothpaste, so. aisle with the toothpaste, so. We're going to go get my stuff together We're going to go get my stuff together We're going to go get my stuff together and bring this toothpaste to him. All and bring this toothpaste to him. All and bring this toothpaste to him. All right, now we're at Leo's Bagels and right, now we're at Leo's Bagels and right, now we're at Leo's Bagels and we're getting bagels. I just got a bagel we're getting bagels. I just got a bagel we're getting bagels. I just got a bagel with egg, cream cheese, and cucumber on with egg, cream cheese, and cucumber on with egg, cream cheese, and cucumber on it. It's a really random combination, it. It's a really random combination, it. It's a really random combination, but that's how I like to be right now, but that's how I like to be right now, but that's how I like to be right now, so I don't know. There you go. Okay, we just finished eating our Okay, we just finished eating our Okay, we just finished eating our bagels. They're really good. And now bagels. They're really good. And now bagels. They're really good. And now we're going to this little like, I don't we're going to this little like, I don't we're going to this little like, I don't even know, place that I saw on the side even know, place that I saw on the side even know, place that I saw on the side of the road. We're also really, really of the road. We're also really, really of the road. We're also really, really close to Little Italy, which is kind of close to Little Italy, which is kind of close to Little Italy, which is kind of crazy. Like, look at that. >> [music] >> It has good flavor. Do you think we're >> It has good flavor. Do you think we're >> It has good flavor. Do you think we're coffee snobs? Now we're in line for New coffee snobs? Now we're in line for New coffee snobs? Now we're in line for New York or nowhere. We got our coffee. It's York or nowhere. We got our coffee. It's York or nowhere. We got our coffee. It's actually getting better as I drink it, actually getting better as I drink it, actually getting better as I drink it, low-key. low-key. low-key. Also, look how cute this is. Also, look how cute this is. Also, look how cute this is. This line is incredibly long. It better This line is incredibly long. It better This line is incredibly long. It better be worth the wait. I'm kind of be worth the wait. I'm kind of be worth the wait. I'm kind of skeptical, but we shall see. We just came out of Adicktive. Look how We just came out of Adicktive. Look how We just came out of Adicktive. Look how cute. I've never been to Adicktive cute. I've never been to Adicktive cute. I've never been to Adicktive before. >> [music] >> Okay, I got my duck. Now I'm currently >> Okay, I got my duck. Now I'm currently >> Okay, I got my duck. Now I'm currently heading to Times Square right now. We've heading to Times Square right now. We've heading to Times Square right now. We've been walking for like, literally, an been walking for like, literally, an been walking for like, literally, an hour. It feels like forever, but we're hour. It feels like forever, but we're hour. It feels like forever, but we're almost there. We're doing pretty good. We just finished eating lunch, and now We just finished eating lunch, and now We just finished eating lunch, and now we're walking through Times Square again we're walking through Times Square again we're walking through Times Square again to get back to Central Park, because we to get back to Central Park, because we to get back to Central Park, because we want to go to Central Park. We have a want to go to Central Park. We have a want to go to Central Park. We have a tour tonight at like 7:00, so we have tour tonight at like 7:00, so we have tour tonight at like 7:00, so we have plenty of time. Now we're just like plenty of time. Now we're just like plenty of time. Now we're just like trying to kill time. Okay, hi guys. trying to kill time. Okay, hi guys. trying to kill time. Okay, hi guys. We're currently in Central Park right We're currently in Central Park right We're currently in Central Park right now. My hair looks crazy. That's the now. My hair looks crazy. That's the now. My hair looks crazy. That's the product of having super thin hair and product of having super thin hair and product of having super thin hair and being in heels all day long. It's being in heels all day long. It's being in heels all day long. It's actually really pretty. I've never, actually really pretty. I've never, actually really pretty. I've never, obviously, never seen this. I've never obviously, never seen this. I've never obviously, never seen this. I've never been here before. But, Central Park is a been here before. But, Central Park is a been here before. But, Central Park is a lot different than what I thought it was lot different than what I thought it was lot different than what I thought it was going to be like. I didn't think it was going to be like. I didn't think it was going to be like. I didn't think it was going to be like this. It's like, going to be like this. It's like, going to be like this. It's like, actually low-key a park, just with a lot actually low-key a park, just with a lot actually low-key a park, just with a lot of people in it, and a lot of rocks, of people in it, and a lot of rocks, of people in it, and a lot of rocks, which is kind of weird. It's very which is kind of weird. It's very which is kind of weird. It's very pretty. She's cute. We're just walking pretty. She's cute. We're just walking pretty. She's cute. We're just walking around. around. around. >> [music] >> Okay, hi guys. We just got my coffee. We >> Okay, hi guys. We just got my coffee. We >> Okay, hi guys. We just got my coffee. We went to, what was it, like, Rising Grind went to, what was it, like, Rising Grind went to, what was it, like, Rising Grind Coffee? It's actually really good. It Coffee? It's actually really good. It Coffee? It's actually really good. It was a random place we found. And I was was a random place we found. And I was was a random place we found. And I was looking up coffee near me, and they were looking up coffee near me, and they were looking up coffee near me, and they were using really good. And it was actually using really good. And it was actually using really good. And it was actually really good. I got an iced vanilla latte really good. I got an iced vanilla latte really good. I got an iced vanilla latte with oat milk. with oat milk. with oat milk. Fire. My dad got a nitro cold brew with Fire. My dad got a nitro cold brew with Fire. My dad got a nitro cold brew with milk, and that is the strongest coffee milk, and that is the strongest coffee milk, and that is the strongest coffee I've ever tasted in my entire life. But, I've ever tasted in my entire life. But, I've ever tasted in my entire life. But, this is really good. I give it like a this is really good. I give it like a this is really good. I give it like a four out of five. It's currently 6:16 four out of five. It's currently 6:16 four out of five. It's currently 6:16 and we have an hour and 14 minutes till and we have an hour and 14 minutes till and we have an hour and 14 minutes till our tour cuz we have a ferry tour of the our tour cuz we have a ferry tour of the our tour cuz we have a ferry tour of the Statue of Liberty bridge and some other Statue of Liberty bridge and some other Statue of Liberty bridge and some other things and that like at 7:30. So, we're things and that like at 7:30. So, we're things and that like at 7:30. So, we're going to walk there in a minute, but going to walk there in a minute, but going to walk there in a minute, but we're kind of chilling and drinking our we're kind of chilling and drinking our we're kind of chilling and drinking our coffee before we go. Kiss the beer. coffee before we go. Kiss the beer. coffee before we go. Kiss the beer. Guys, we're walking around and enjoying Guys, we're walking around and enjoying Guys, we're walking around and enjoying the essence of New York. This is such an the essence of New York. This is such an the essence of New York. This is such an interesting place. I'm sitting on the interesting place. I'm sitting on the interesting place. I'm sitting on the corner of the street right now after the corner of the street right now after the corner of the street right now after the coffee shop. There's a lot of people. coffee shop. There's a lot of people. coffee shop. There's a lot of people. And I'm just going to sit here and And I'm just going to sit here and And I'm just going to sit here and people watch low-key because it's people watch low-key because it's people watch low-key because it's interesting, okay? I didn't mention interesting, okay? I didn't mention interesting, okay? I didn't mention this, we also walked an incredible this, we also walked an incredible this, we also walked an incredible amount of steps today. Holy crap. It's amount of steps today. Holy crap. It's amount of steps today. Holy crap. It's 6:00 p.m. and I have 19,300 steps and we 6:00 p.m. and I have 19,300 steps and we 6:00 p.m. and I have 19,300 steps and we walked 8.8 miles today. walked 8.8 miles today. walked 8.8 miles today. We're going to hit 10 miles before the We're going to hit 10 miles before the We're going to hit 10 miles before the day ends, I guarantee you. Okay, hi day ends, I guarantee you. Okay, hi day ends, I guarantee you. Okay, hi guys, we just made it to the pier. We guys, we just made it to the pier. We guys, we just made it to the pier. We have a tour at 7:30 and it's currently have a tour at 7:30 and it's currently have a tour at 7:30 and it's currently 6:58. So, we're a little early. I love 6:58. So, we're a little early. I love 6:58. So, we're a little early. I love the skyline. There's so many buses here. the skyline. There's so many buses here. the skyline. There's so many buses here. What the heck? Hopefully the Eiffel Not What the heck? Hopefully the Eiffel Not What the heck? Hopefully the Eiffel Not Eiffel I was going to say Eiffel Tower. Eiffel I was going to say Eiffel Tower. Eiffel I was going to say Eiffel Tower. Wrong city. Hopefully the Statue of Wrong city. Hopefully the Statue of Wrong city. Hopefully the Statue of Liberty lives up to expectations. We Liberty lives up to expectations. We Liberty lives up to expectations. We shall see what we end up with. >> [music] >> Okay, hi guys, we just got back from our >> Okay, hi guys, we just got back from our >> Okay, hi guys, we just got back from our little trip. We did our little ferry to little trip. We did our little ferry to little trip. We did our little ferry to get ourselves out. As much as I love it, get ourselves out. As much as I love it, get ourselves out. As much as I love it, this blue bracelet does not match my this blue bracelet does not match my this blue bracelet does not match my bag. We have a long day ahead of us bag. We have a long day ahead of us bag. We have a long day ahead of us tomorrow. I have my shoot, which is a tomorrow. I have my shoot, which is a tomorrow. I have my shoot, which is a whole other ordeal. But, I wanted to whole other ordeal. But, I wanted to whole other ordeal. But, I wanted to show you guys what I got today when I show you guys what I got today when I show you guys what I got today when I went shopping. As you guys saw, I hit went shopping. As you guys saw, I hit went shopping. As you guys saw, I hit some shopping places up. I only bought a some shopping places up. I only bought a some shopping places up. I only bought a little bit of stuff today because it is little bit of stuff today because it is little bit of stuff today because it is the day before yesterday and I wanted to the day before yesterday and I wanted to the day before yesterday and I wanted to do more damage today. Honestly, I was do more damage today. Honestly, I was do more damage today. Honestly, I was tired of shopping after the couple of tired of shopping after the couple of tired of shopping after the couple of stores I hit today. Here's my cute stores I hit today. Here's my cute stores I hit today. Here's my cute little addicted bag. My Garage bag did little addicted bag. My Garage bag did little addicted bag. My Garage bag did indeed not make it. We ripped a hole in indeed not make it. We ripped a hole in indeed not make it. We ripped a hole in it about midway through the day today. it about midway through the day today. it about midway through the day today. Starting off, the first place I went to Starting off, the first place I went to Starting off, the first place I went to was New Yorker No Where. I wanted to was New Yorker No Where. I wanted to was New Yorker No Where. I wanted to pick something up from them cuz we pick something up from them cuz we pick something up from them cuz we waited in line for like 30 minutes. So, waited in line for like 30 minutes. So, waited in line for like 30 minutes. So, I just got this cute little postcard. I just got this cute little postcard. I just got this cute little postcard. the guest check ones. It'll always be the guest check ones. It'll always be the guest check ones. It'll always be New Yorker No Where. I thought this New Yorker No Where. I thought this New Yorker No Where. I thought this would be super cool to like hang up would be super cool to like hang up would be super cool to like hang up somewhere. I saw this really cute like somewhere. I saw this really cute like somewhere. I saw this really cute like little poster kind of vibe. Then next, little poster kind of vibe. Then next, little poster kind of vibe. Then next, addicted, which is where the bag is addicted, which is where the bag is addicted, which is where the bag is actually from. And I found this top actually from. And I found this top actually from. And I found this top because tomorrow for my shoot I need to because tomorrow for my shoot I need to because tomorrow for my shoot I need to wear like a neutral top. I has a little wear like a neutral top. I has a little wear like a neutral top. I has a little white top that I'm going to wear this white top that I'm going to wear this white top that I'm going to wear this tomorrow for my shoot. I didn't even tomorrow for my shoot. I didn't even tomorrow for my shoot. I didn't even steam it though. I need to remember to steam it though. I need to remember to steam it though. I need to remember to do that tomorrow morning. It's like a do that tomorrow morning. It's like a do that tomorrow morning. It's like a V-neck sort of top. It's lacy and V-neck sort of top. It's lacy and V-neck sort of top. It's lacy and adorable and I hope it goes with my adorable and I hope it goes with my adorable and I hope it goes with my little denim skirt tomorrow because I little denim skirt tomorrow because I little denim skirt tomorrow because I brought one top, but I think it's better brought one top, but I think it's better brought one top, but I think it's better to match the vibe of the shoot tomorrow. to match the vibe of the shoot tomorrow. to match the vibe of the shoot tomorrow. Next up, I went to Garage and I found Next up, I went to Garage and I found Next up, I went to Garage and I found this little matching set from Garage. I this little matching set from Garage. I this little matching set from Garage. I love Garage. I did stumble across this love Garage. I did stumble across this love Garage. I did stumble across this little basic gray tank. I love a good little basic gray tank. I love a good little basic gray tank. I love a good Garage basic tank. I own a handful of Garage basic tank. I own a handful of Garage basic tank. I own a handful of them and they're all so good. And then I them and they're all so good. And then I them and they're all so good. And then I also got the little matching skirt with also got the little matching skirt with also got the little matching skirt with it. It's like a little set. I love it. It's like a little set. I love it. It's like a little set. I love little like lounge skirts. I don't own little like lounge skirts. I don't own little like lounge skirts. I don't own one in this color. I don't have like a one in this color. I don't have like a one in this color. I don't have like a gray one like this. super cute little gray one like this. super cute little gray one like this. super cute little matching set. I thought it was super matching set. I thought it was super matching set. I thought it was super cute just to travel in or like wear to cute just to travel in or like wear to cute just to travel in or like wear to colleges. It's the perfect little colleges. It's the perfect little colleges. It's the perfect little college set. The last thing that I college set. The last thing that I college set. The last thing that I bought today, I have been on a hunt for bought today, I have been on a hunt for bought today, I have been on a hunt for when I went to Hawaii, if you watch my when I went to Hawaii, if you watch my when I went to Hawaii, if you watch my Hawaii vlogs, which you totally should Hawaii vlogs, which you totally should Hawaii vlogs, which you totally should if you haven't. I just went to Hawaii if you haven't. I just went to Hawaii if you haven't. I just went to Hawaii this past week. I know, I'm a little this past week. I know, I'm a little this past week. I know, I'm a little traveling busy gal. But I went to Hawaii traveling busy gal. But I went to Hawaii traveling busy gal. But I went to Hawaii and I was looking for a Hawaii duck the and I was looking for a Hawaii duck the and I was looking for a Hawaii duck the entire time I was there for my Jeep entire time I was there for my Jeep entire time I was there for my Jeep because if you don't know, I drive a because if you don't know, I drive a because if you don't know, I drive a Jeep and you put ducks in Jeeps. When I Jeep and you put ducks in Jeeps. When I Jeep and you put ducks in Jeeps. When I was walking on the streets of New York, was walking on the streets of New York, was walking on the streets of New York, I saw that they had a little New York I saw that they had a little New York I saw that they had a little New York duck. So of course I picked one up for duck. So of course I picked one up for duck. So of course I picked one up for my Jeep. I'm excited to put this back in my Jeep. I'm excited to put this back in my Jeep. I'm excited to put this back in here when I get back. It's a little such here when I get back. It's a little such here when I get back. It's a little such a lovely duck which I thought was so a lovely duck which I thought was so a lovely duck which I thought was so cute. Green, so cute and perfect. That cute. Green, so cute and perfect. That cute. Green, so cute and perfect. That was everything I bought today. Nothing was everything I bought today. Nothing was everything I bought today. Nothing too crazy. Now I'm back and I'm so too crazy. Now I'm back and I'm so too crazy. Now I'm back and I'm so excited to take a shower. I'm so tired. excited to take a shower. I'm so tired. excited to take a shower. I'm so tired. I love New York. Like it was fun for a I love New York. Like it was fun for a I love New York. Like it was fun for a day and now I just feel like okay, I day and now I just feel like okay, I day and now I just feel like okay, I want to go back home. Like I want to be want to go back home. Like I want to be want to go back home. Like I want to be back in my bed. Here it's just not for back in my bed. Here it's just not for back in my bed. Here it's just not for me. It's too much for me. Like I like a me. It's too much for me. Like I like a me. It's too much for me. Like I like a little city vibe, but like this is too little city vibe, but like this is too little city vibe, but like this is too much city vibe for me. It's also much city vibe for me. It's also much city vibe for me. It's also currently 9:50, so I'm tired. I am so currently 9:50, so I'm tired. I am so currently 9:50, so I'm tired. I am so tired. Okay, hey guys, welcome to day tired. Okay, hey guys, welcome to day tired. Okay, hey guys, welcome to day three of the New York vlog. I just three of the New York vlog. I just three of the New York vlog. I just finished getting dressed and ready for finished getting dressed and ready for finished getting dressed and ready for today. I'm going to show you guys my fit today. I'm going to show you guys my fit today. I'm going to show you guys my fit for the shoot. I'm really excited about for the shoot. I'm really excited about for the shoot. I'm really excited about it. I bought this top yesterday. I just it. I bought this top yesterday. I just it. I bought this top yesterday. I just feel like a little fit check because why feel like a little fit check because why feel like a little fit check because why not? This top is the one that I bought not? This top is the one that I bought not? This top is the one that I bought from Addiction obviously. I have a from Addiction obviously. I have a from Addiction obviously. I have a little airy lace bralette underneath. little airy lace bralette underneath. little airy lace bralette underneath. this little chunky gold coin necklace this little chunky gold coin necklace this little chunky gold coin necklace from Amazon. I've got on this little from Amazon. I've got on this little from Amazon. I've got on this little Hollister denim skirt and my classic New Hollister denim skirt and my classic New Hollister denim skirt and my classic New Balance 550s. But I don't really have Balance 550s. But I don't really have Balance 550s. But I don't really have much of a vlog today because it's shoot much of a vlog today because it's shoot much of a vlog today because it's shoot day like I said. I'm going to be filming day like I said. I'm going to be filming day like I said. I'm going to be filming most of the day which is crazy to say most of the day which is crazy to say most of the day which is crazy to say that I'm doing a shoot like hello. that I'm doing a shoot like hello. that I'm doing a shoot like hello. Basically the plan is for today where Basically the plan is for today where Basically the plan is for today where this morning we're going to go get this morning we're going to go get this morning we're going to go get breakfast and then we're going to come breakfast and then we're going to come breakfast and then we're going to come back here, grab our bag. Then we have an back here, grab our bag. Then we have an back here, grab our bag. Then we have an Uber from our hotel to the shoot Uber from our hotel to the shoot Uber from our hotel to the shoot location and we're going to check out location and we're going to check out location and we're going to check out before we Uber away because we won't before we Uber away because we won't before we Uber away because we won't come back tonight. And right after our come back tonight. And right after our come back tonight. And right after our shoot, we're going to Uber from the shoot, we're going to Uber from the shoot, we're going to Uber from the shoot to JFK which is the airport and shoot to JFK which is the airport and shoot to JFK which is the airport and fly back home. And I think we're fly back home. And I think we're fly back home. And I think we're supposed to land at like 11-ish. And supposed to land at like 11-ish. And supposed to land at like 11-ish. And then have a 2-hour drive back from the then have a 2-hour drive back from the then have a 2-hour drive back from the airport to my house. I'm not getting airport to my house. I'm not getting airport to my house. I'm not getting home till like 1:00 a.m. today. home till like 1:00 a.m. today. home till like 1:00 a.m. today. Basically, I'm really excited about Basically, I'm really excited about Basically, I'm really excited about that. When I was looking yesterday at that. When I was looking yesterday at that. When I was looking yesterday at the set information for the shoot, they the set information for the shoot, they the set information for the shoot, they said there was a period of time for hair said there was a period of time for hair said there was a period of time for hair and makeup. This morning, I just went and makeup. This morning, I just went and makeup. This morning, I just went and showered and blow-dried my hair, so and showered and blow-dried my hair, so and showered and blow-dried my hair, so it's like nice and clean. And then I it's like nice and clean. And then I it's like nice and clean. And then I don't have any makeup on, so they can do don't have any makeup on, so they can do don't have any makeup on, so they can do my makeup when I get there. Let's go get my makeup when I get there. Let's go get my makeup when I get there. Let's go get my dad. He's like two rooms over, and my dad. He's like two rooms over, and my dad. He's like two rooms over, and we're going to go get some breakfast. I we're going to go get some breakfast. I we're going to go get some breakfast. I found this cute little breakfast and found this cute little breakfast and found this cute little breakfast and coffee place to go to. coffee place to go to. coffee place to go to. >> [music] >> Okay, we just got back from breakfast, >> Okay, we just got back from breakfast, >> Okay, we just got back from breakfast, and I got my coffee. It went to El Polo, and I got my coffee. It went to El Polo, and I got my coffee. It went to El Polo, it was really good, but now it's it was really good, but now it's it was really good, but now it's currently 9:05, and we need to go check currently 9:05, and we need to go check currently 9:05, and we need to go check out and get our Uber. Let's go, and then out and get our Uber. Let's go, and then out and get our Uber. Let's go, and then we're going to go head to the shoot. Hey we're going to go head to the shoot. Hey we're going to go head to the shoot. Hey guys, we're currently at the shoot right guys, we're currently at the shoot right guys, we're currently at the shoot right now. I just found out I could walk here, now. I just found out I could walk here, now. I just found out I could walk here, but I got my hair and makeup but I got my hair and makeup but I got my hair and makeup professionally done. It looks so good. professionally done. It looks so good. professionally done. It looks so good. It's like a blowout kind of vibe. My It's like a blowout kind of vibe. My It's like a blowout kind of vibe. My makeup looks crazy. It's crazy good, by makeup looks crazy. It's crazy good, by makeup looks crazy. It's crazy good, by the way. Now we're waiting. I just the way. Now we're waiting. I just the way. Now we're waiting. I just finished taking a ton of pictures. It's finished taking a ton of pictures. It's finished taking a ton of pictures. It's currently 12:59. It's almost 1:00. I'm currently 12:59. It's almost 1:00. I'm currently 12:59. It's almost 1:00. I'm going to get another coffee, and I'm going to get another coffee, and I'm going to get another coffee, and I'm doing great. I'm going to go behind the doing great. I'm going to go behind the doing great. I'm going to go behind the scenes and show you some more stuff. scenes and show you some more stuff. scenes and show you some more stuff. We're shooting till 6:00, so we have We're shooting till 6:00, so we have We're shooting till 6:00, so we have like 5 hours of shooting. And we just finished a bunch of And we just finished a bunch of And we just finished a bunch of shooting. Now I'm eating lunch. So, it's shooting. Now I'm eating lunch. So, it's shooting. Now I'm eating lunch. So, it's a lucky kind of digestion, but we'll be a lucky kind of digestion, but we'll be a lucky kind of digestion, but we'll be back at it.