Brother, your bike has been stolen. Meenakshi, you didn't get my bike stolen, did you? Meenakshi, you didn't get my bike stolen, did you? Brother, I have eaten your salt.  How Brother, I have eaten your salt.  How Brother, I have eaten your salt.  How can I do this? can I do this? can I do this? Hey, then who stole it? Hey, then who stole it? Hey, then who stole it? Brother, let's go to the police station and file a report there. Brother, let's go to the police station and file a report there. Brother, let's go to the police station and file a report there. No, I can't trust the law. No, I can't trust the law. No, I can't trust the law. I know a Baba.  He will I know a Baba.  He will I know a Baba.  He will tell me who stole my bike. tell me who stole my bike. tell me who stole my bike. Then let's go to Baba.  Yes, okay, come on Then let's go to Baba.  Yes, okay, come on Then let's go to Baba.  Yes, okay, come on Baba, my bike has been stolen. Boy, first give me Baba, my bike has been stolen. Boy, first give me Baba, my bike has been stolen. Boy, first give me Dakshina. Yes, take this Baba, now tell me Dakshina. Yes, take this Baba, now tell me Dakshina. Yes, take this Baba, now tell me what colour was the bike. Baba, my bike was black in what colour was the bike. Baba, my bike was black in what colour was the bike. Baba, my bike was black in colour. I will find out and tell you. The colour. I will find out and tell you. The age of your bike which has been stolen is between 10 to 5 years. age of your bike which has been stolen is between 10 to 5 years. age of your bike which has been stolen is between 10 to 5 years. Baba, do one thing, take out his picture and give it to me. Baba, do one thing, take out his picture and give it to me. Okay, I will take out the photo but it will Okay, I will take out the photo but it will Okay, I will take out the photo but it will cost extra Rs 2000.  Baba, not just Rs 2000, you cost extra Rs 2000.  Baba, not just Rs 2000, you cost extra Rs 2000.  Baba, not just Rs 2000, you can keep all the money but please take his photo and can keep all the money but please take his photo and can keep all the money but please take his photo and give it to us once.  Hema Malini, the owner of the mistress, give it to us once.  Hema Malini, the owner of the mistress, give it to us once.  Hema Malini, the owner of the mistress, took out the photo.  Here you go [music] I've got a snake, not a brother, a [music] I've got a snake, not a brother, a [music] I've got a snake, not a brother, a snake.  Today you sold the bike, tomorrow you will sell it to me. snake.  Today you sold the bike, tomorrow you will sell it to me.