Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. How many gifts do you open, friend?  When we go, she How many gifts do you open, friend?  When we go, she How many gifts do you open, friend?  When we go, she opens the gift first.  There is a gift after arrival. opens the gift first.  There is a gift after arrival. opens the gift first.  There is a gift after arrival. But shout like But shout like But shout like you did in this episode.   The you did in this episode.   The you did in this episode.   The classroom guy did the same thing.   I am coming to classroom guy did the same thing.   I am coming to classroom guy did the same thing.   I am coming to pee, sir.  After this take the take. pee, sir.  After this take the take. pee, sir.  After this take the take. Now they are looking for where we are. Now they are looking for where we are. Now they are looking for where we are. I love it.  I like it. I love it.  I like it. I love it.  I like it. You are also coming brother.  You also came. You are also coming brother.  You also came. You are also coming brother.  You also came. Oye this leave is gil raha hai.  I didn't even say anything about this, friend. Oye this leave is gil raha hai.  I didn't even say anything about this, friend. Oye this leave is gil raha hai.  I didn't even say anything about this, friend. I don't I don't I don't mean you guys kill me, do one thing. mean you guys kill me, do one thing. mean you guys kill me, do one thing. I have just come to the show after getting killed.  Now you guys can I have just come to the show after getting killed.  Now you guys can I have just come to the show after getting killed.  Now you guys can kill me. kill me. kill me. Hello guys, so a very Hello guys, so a very Hello guys, so a very crazy idea has just come to my mind.  That is, I am going to crazy idea has just come to my mind.  That is, I am going to crazy idea has just come to my mind.  That is, I am going to meet Shreya tomorrow.  It's going to be meet Shreya tomorrow.  It's going to be meet Shreya tomorrow.  It's going to be a surprise visit because just for the a surprise visit because just for the a surprise visit because just for the idea, for the last few days, ever since idea, for the last few days, ever since idea, for the last few days, ever since Shreya went into lockup, Shreya went into lockup, Shreya went into lockup, we have been shooting in Lucknow since 20 days before she left.  Ok we have been shooting in Lucknow since 20 days before she left.  Ok we have been shooting in Lucknow since 20 days before she left.  Ok ?  Because it is a very big project for ?  Because it is a very big project for ?  Because it is a very big project for me and I am shooting in Lucknow from past one me and I am shooting in Lucknow from past one me and I am shooting in Lucknow from past one and half months.  For the entire time Shreya was and half months.  For the entire time Shreya was and half months.  For the entire time Shreya was in the lockup, we were supporting her from here. in the lockup, we were supporting her from here. in the lockup, we were supporting her from here. Whatever you saw on social media Whatever you saw on social media Whatever you saw on social media , Snapchat etc., the point is that , Snapchat etc., the point is that , Snapchat etc., the point is that right now you are seeing that it is 1:10:11 on the night of the 30th. right now you are seeing that it is 1:10:11 on the night of the 30th. right now you are seeing that it is 1:10:11 on the night of the 30th. Right?  And now we have come to know Right?  And now we have come to know Right?  And now we have come to know that for some technical reasons they are not that for some technical reasons they are not that for some technical reasons they are not shooting tomorrow.  Because Shreya has come home shooting tomorrow.  Because Shreya has come home shooting tomorrow.  Because Shreya has come home and we were not able to go to meet her and we were not able to go to meet her and we were not able to go to meet her because there is no commitment, there is a shoot.  There are so because there is no commitment, there is a shoot.  There are so because there is no commitment, there is a shoot.  There are so many things that we cannot leave him. many things that we cannot leave him. many things that we cannot leave him. So right now I am really excited because So right now I am really excited because So right now I am really excited because Shreya doesn't know that I am coming. Shreya doesn't know that I am coming. Shreya doesn't know that I am coming. And I have just booked the ticket.  And the And I have just booked the ticket.  And the And I have just booked the ticket.  And the flight is at 7:30 in the morning.  Tomorrow, just for one flight is at 7:30 in the morning.  Tomorrow, just for one flight is at 7:30 in the morning.  Tomorrow, just for one day.  Meaning I'm going to day.  Meaning I'm going to day.  Meaning I'm going to visit the city for a few hours.  Then I visit the city for a few hours.  Then I visit the city for a few hours.  Then I caught a flight at night and came back. I have to come back to caught a flight at night and came back. I have to come back to caught a flight at night and came back. I have to come back to Lucknow.  So let's go and I'll vlog the whole thing. Lucknow.  So let's go and I'll vlog the whole thing. Lucknow.  So let's go and I'll vlog the whole thing. So I'm pretty excited.  Let's So I'm pretty excited.  Let's So I'm pretty excited.  Let's go.  Guys, it's ringing now, the flight is close to 7:30. go.  Guys, it's ringing now, the flight is close to 7:30. go.  Guys, it's ringing now, the flight is close to 7:30. And I have already And I have already And I have already started boarding.  So let's go.  Let's started boarding.  So let's go.  Let's started boarding.  So let's go.  Let's Reach Mumbai. So guys I am home and So guys I am home and So guys I am home and let's go. let's go. let's go. 23 floors have been reached.  And I 23 floors have been reached.  And I 23 floors have been reached.  And I also bought a small gift for Sha.  Let's go. also bought a small gift for Sha.  Let's go. also bought a small gift for Sha.  Let's go. I felt like giving you a perfume.  So I I felt like giving you a perfume.  So I I felt like giving you a perfume.  So I bought a perfume for her from the airport itself. bought a perfume for her from the airport itself. bought a perfume for her from the airport itself. So I just checked the home camera. So I just checked the home camera. So I just checked the home camera. And I felt that uncle was leaving home for work And I felt that uncle was leaving home for work And I felt that uncle was leaving home for work and aunty was also not visible.  She is sleeping.  Let's go. and aunty was also not visible.  She is sleeping.  Let's go. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened Lal?   Were you What happened Lal?   Were you What happened Lal?   Were you sleeping? sleeping? sleeping? What happened? Hey aunty uncle aunty uncle. Hey aunty uncle aunty uncle. Hey aunty uncle aunty uncle. Darling has come from the lockup.  Came from the lockup. Darling has come from the lockup.  Came from the lockup. Darling has come from the lockup.  Came from the lockup. Came from the lockup.  Show me your face a little.  What Came from the lockup.  Show me your face a little.  What Came from the lockup.  Show me your face a little.  What happened?  Hey brother, if you love me so much then happened?  Hey brother, if you love me so much then happened?  Hey brother, if you love me so much then go to the lockup every month. go to the lockup every month. go to the lockup every month. Take this for you. Take this for you. Take this for you. What is this? What is this? What is this? What happens to Parkos? What happens to Parkos? What happens to Parkos? Perfume.   There Perfume.   There Perfume.   There is perfume.  Perfume yes.  Guys, let me turn on some is perfume.  Perfume yes.  Guys, let me turn on some is perfume.  Perfume yes.  Guys, let me turn on some light.  You ruined my sleep.  But never mind. light.  You ruined my sleep.  But never mind. light.  You ruined my sleep.  But never mind. Sleep is a mess. Sleep is a mess. Sleep is a mess. I think uncle has gone out somewhere.  I think I think uncle has gone out somewhere.  I think I think uncle has gone out somewhere.  I think your other one is somewhere on there. your other one is somewhere on there. your other one is somewhere on there. Hey, this tree is yours. Hey, this tree is yours. Hey, this tree is yours. How do you smell it? How do you smell it? How do you smell it? Yes, sit down.   Should I Yes, sit down.   Should I Yes, sit down.   Should I sit?  Hey brother, don't ask.  Call me a gift. sit?  Hey brother, don't ask.  Call me a gift. sit?  Hey brother, don't ask.  Call me a gift. How many gifts do you open, friend? How many gifts do you open, friend? How many gifts do you open, friend? So it has been going on since childhood.   When she So it has been going on since childhood.   When she So it has been going on since childhood.   When she goes, she opens the gift first.  After coming she goes, she opens the gift first.  After coming she goes, she opens the gift first.  After coming she opens the gift.  But go when you were going to the lockup. opens the gift.  But go when you were going to the lockup. opens the gift.  But go when you were going to the lockup. We were not there. We were not there. We were not there. Hmm.  Come on, someone, you are special.  Look brother, Hmm.  Come on, someone, you are special.  Look brother, Hmm.  Come on, someone, you are special.  Look brother, all the kids have brought trees.  This is a bit flimsy.   The all the kids have brought trees.  This is a bit flimsy.   The all the kids have brought trees.  This is a bit flimsy.   The bottle is so nice. bottle is so nice. bottle is so nice. Bottle, this is a bit subtle.  But he told us to Bottle, this is a bit subtle.  But he told us to Bottle, this is a bit subtle.  But he told us to remove the bottle.  Look at the fragrance. remove the bottle.  Look at the fragrance. remove the bottle.  Look at the fragrance. Cool Cool Cool brother, I haven't received the money.  Why are you brother, I haven't received the money.  Why are you brother, I haven't received the money.  Why are you doing endorsement brother? doing endorsement brother? doing endorsement brother? Now promise our audience that you and Now promise our audience that you and Now promise our audience that you and I will vlog more than before. I will vlog more than before. I will vlog more than before. Brother, Shreya has become a celebrity.  This Brother, Shreya has become a celebrity.  This Brother, Shreya has become a celebrity.  This is a huge promise. is a huge promise. is a huge promise. Now Shreya has become a celebrity. Now Shreya has become a celebrity. Now Shreya has become a celebrity. Not now, brother, will you take money from us? Not now, brother, will you take money from us? Not now, brother, will you take money from us? Yes, I will take the money with you.   Isn't it Yes, I will take the money with you.   Isn't it Yes, I will take the money with you.   Isn't it ? ? ? Yes, take the money.  What will you take for sprinkling?  Yes, Yes, take the money.  What will you take for sprinkling?  Yes, Yes, take the money.  What will you take for sprinkling?  Yes, sprinkle it in the lid.  There is no such thing as a hand. sprinkle it in the lid.  There is no such thing as a hand. sprinkle it in the lid.  There is no such thing as a hand. This is it: give expensive things to the poor. This is it: give expensive things to the poor. Then the same thing will arise if the person is poor. Then the same thing will arise if the person is poor. Then the same thing will arise if the person is poor. I am applying it after a long time. I am applying it after a long time. I am applying it after a long time. Give expensive things to the poor.  Food was Give expensive things to the poor.  Food was Give expensive things to the poor.  Food was not available there.  Gave expensive not available there.  Gave expensive not available there.  Gave expensive luxury perfume here.  Brother, his lease has become four. luxury perfume here.  Brother, his lease has become four. luxury perfume here.  Brother, his lease has become four. Where are you applying perfume? Where are you applying perfume? Where are you applying perfume? Everyone forgot. Everyone forgot. Everyone forgot. Hey, just Hey, just Hey, just shout like shout like shout like you shouted in this episode. you shouted in this episode. you shouted in this episode. How do I shout wrong?   Just How do I shout wrong?   Just How do I shout wrong?   Just act like that once.  Come on, three two, just now act like that once.  Come on, three two, just now act like that once.  Come on, three two, just now you picked up the card and it came you picked up the card and it came you picked up the card and it came into your card.  Come on, three to one. Start it.  Guys By The Way is Start it.  Guys By The Way is Start it.  Guys By The Way is out now.  And this episode was telecasted yesterday in out now.  And this episode was telecasted yesterday in out now.  And this episode was telecasted yesterday in which she takes out the card and it turns green. which she takes out the card and it turns green. which she takes out the card and it turns green. Right now it is not allowed in the contract, Right now it is not allowed in the contract, Right now it is not allowed in the contract, neither to go out neither to go out neither to go out [nasal sound] nor to do anything. [nasal sound] nor to do anything. [nasal sound] nor to do anything. You know, we came from Lucknow You know, we came from Lucknow You know, we came from Lucknow as soon as we came to know that we have to go at night for a day. as soon as we came to know that we have to go at night for a day. as soon as we came to know that we have to go at night for a day. And I am hoping that he gives And I am hoping that he gives And I am hoping that he gives me an extra day but I am not me an extra day but I am not me an extra day but I am not sure.  I don't think I am going to meet him.  But I will have to sure.  I don't think I am going to meet him.  But I will have to sure.  I don't think I am going to meet him.  But I will have to leave at night.  The point is that this leave at night.  The point is that this leave at night.  The point is that this vlog will go away after the finale.  Cutie, go ahead, have you felt like vlog will go away after the finale.  Cutie, go ahead, have you felt like vlog will go away after the finale.  Cutie, go ahead, have you felt like [ __ ]?  Go. [ __ ]?  Go. [ __ ]?  Go. Yes friend, pot has come.   Go Yes friend, pot has come.   Go Yes friend, pot has come.   Go pot.  The guy came from Lucknow to Mumbai, is there pot.  The guy came from Lucknow to Mumbai, is there pot.  The guy came from Lucknow to Mumbai, is there any difference, his poop is more brother, I any difference, his poop is more brother, I any difference, his poop is more brother, I mean it has come straight to the face, the body will come out of this, mean it has come straight to the face, the body will come out of this, mean it has come straight to the face, the body will come out of this, then I have come for the feet [laughs] even though then I have come for the feet [laughs] even though then I have come for the feet [laughs] even though I am I am I am laughing, laughing, laughing, come, it is come, it is come, it is not just the feet, not just the feet, not just the feet, I was missing you so much, my house was I was missing you so much, my house was I was missing you so much, my house was empty even though my Shriya was with me, empty even though my Shriya was with me, empty even though my Shriya was with me, we kept thinking what to do, I am not enjoying it, that is what we kept thinking what to do, I am not enjoying it, that is what we kept thinking what to do, I am not enjoying it, that is what true love calls it, that is why true love calls it, that is why true love calls it, that is why I will think that I cannot find anyone who loves me like I will think that I cannot find anyone who loves me like I will think that I cannot find anyone who loves me like Rishabh, I have seen that he does not Rishabh, I have seen that he does not Rishabh, I have seen that he does not eat anything without you.  How thin and eat anything without you.  How thin and eat anything without you.  How thin and dark it has become. dark it has become. dark it has become. Black [laughs] Black [laughs] Black [laughs] Black and thin too. Black and thin too. Black and thin too. Hey, he is shooting, Hey, he is shooting, Hey, he is shooting, my love, you have come.   Just my love, you have come.   Just my love, you have come.   Just hug them, friend, if the poor girl is doing it then so what, do hug them, friend, if the poor girl is doing it then so what, do hug them, friend, if the poor girl is doing it then so what, do n't you do it with your children?  It n't you do it with your children?  It n't you do it with your children?  It seems to me that Hiriya is more.  You seems to me that Hiriya is more.  You seems to me that Hiriya is more.  You both seem like my life. both seem like my life. both seem like my life. You got saved a little in this sentence. You got saved a little in this sentence. You got saved a little in this sentence. Which you were going to say before this, more than Shreya.   It Which you were going to say before this, more than Shreya.   It Which you were going to say before this, more than Shreya.   It rang in just a second, rang in just a second, rang in just a second, you are also my love, I know his you are also my love, I know his you are also my love, I know his friends were sitting at night, I am not feeling well, should friends were sitting at night, I am not feeling well, should friends were sitting at night, I am not feeling well, should I go inside for a while and sleep, sir, I was feeling pain, I go inside for a while and sleep, sir, I was feeling pain, then thank you, you came, have you eaten anything, you had then thank you, you came, have you eaten anything, you had then thank you, you came, have you eaten anything, you had just eaten in the morning, I will eat, right just eaten in the morning, I will eat, right just eaten in the morning, I will eat, right love, love, love, tell me the tell me the tell me the truth, did I truth, did I truth, did I say on the set that I had to pee or did I leave say on the set that I had to pee or did I leave say on the set that I had to pee or did I leave from there and run away from there and run away from there and run away from the set, from the set, from the set, then did the then did the then did the classroom act, I had to pee, I am coming, classroom act, I had to pee, I am coming, classroom act, I had to pee, I am coming, sir, after this sir, after this sir, after this [sound of clearing throat] please take the take, [sound of clearing throat] please take the take, [sound of clearing throat] please take the take, now they are searching for me, where am I?   I will now they are searching for me, where am I?   I will now they are searching for me, where am I?   I will blow him up with a bomb.  Once you get it in your hands, blow him up with a bomb.  Once you get it in your hands, where did you go early in the morning with the iron rod? where did you go early in the morning with the iron rod? where did you go early in the morning with the iron rod? No, where will I go with the iron rod? No, where will I go with the iron rod? No, where will I go with the iron rod? I will leave you and get up and massage you, apply oil on your head, I will leave you and get up and massage you, apply oil on your head, I will leave you and get up and massage you, apply oil on your head, both of you have been both of you have been both of you have been massaged, aunty. massaged, aunty. massaged, aunty. Yes, I became Yes, I became Yes, I became weak. weak. weak. Became weak. Became weak. Became weak. Yes.   I was Yes.   I was Yes.   I was thinking about this a little yesterday, Rishabh.   It's been a thinking about this a little yesterday, Rishabh.   It's been a thinking about this a little yesterday, Rishabh.   It's been a week. week. week. What happened?  Then What happened?  Then What happened?  Then I did not go to any gym for months. I did not go to any gym for months. I did not go to any gym for months. Hey, she used to Hey, she used to Hey, she used to just sit and mutter for just sit and mutter for just sit and mutter for 16 hours. 16 hours. 16 hours. So it looks weak.  If she goes to the gym now, she will come back. So it looks weak.  If she goes to the gym now, she will come back. Yesterday I was thinking about this, Yesterday I was thinking about this, Yesterday I was thinking about this, brother, who will come and who will win the finale, I brother, who will come and who will win the finale, I brother, who will come and who will win the finale, I said, trust in God, God is so big, he is said, trust in God, God is so big, he is said, trust in God, God is so big, he is eating, by the way, eating, by the way, eating, by the way, yes, yes, yes, who will win, then ask who will win, then ask who will win, then ask how much I was watching, have you seen it, I am how much I was watching, have you seen it, I am how much I was watching, have you seen it, I am not getting bored watching it three times, I have never not getting bored watching it three times, I have never not getting bored watching it three times, I have never watched it by turning on the TV, I experience it watched it by turning on the TV, I experience it watched it by turning on the TV, I experience it aunty, look with complete excitement, aunty, look with complete excitement, aunty, look with complete excitement, yes, it is looking so good yes, it is looking so good yes, it is looking so good brother, watch it tomorrow, I am coming, I said we will brother, watch it tomorrow, I am coming, I said we will brother, watch it tomorrow, I am coming, I said we will all watch the episode together at night. all watch the episode together at night. all watch the episode together at night. Papa and Mummy are sitting watching. Papa and Mummy are sitting watching. Papa and Mummy are sitting watching. Yes, so what?  You must have seen it again.   Have looked back again.   I Yes, so what?  You must have seen it again.   Have looked back again.   I saw it twice in front of me. saw it twice in front of me. saw it twice in front of me. Yes.   It is being Yes.   It is being Yes.   It is being watched for three hours.  Are being watched. watched for three hours.  Are being watched. What's the matter, three times?   I am What's the matter, three times?   I am What's the matter, three times?   I am enjoying it three times.  And when enjoying it three times.  And when enjoying it three times.  And when Sharia is not coming, look at him Sharia is not coming, look at him Sharia is not coming, look at him in the lockup.  Eyes were searching for Shriya.  Brother in the lockup.  Eyes were searching for Shriya.  Brother in the lockup.  Eyes were searching for Shriya.  Brother where is Shia, I was enjoying it because of Mr. Sharia. where is Shia, I was enjoying it because of Mr. Sharia. And you know, I watch it two, two, three times at home also.  Let's And you know, I watch it two, two, three times at home also.  Let's And you know, I watch it two, two, three times at home also.  Let's see these people first in the afternoon, see these people first in the afternoon, see these people first in the afternoon, mom and sister.  Yes, after that brother, everyone is very confused, brother, brother, everyone is very confused, brother, brother, everyone is very confused, brother, my entire family is watching it, brother, my entire family is watching it, brother, my entire family is watching it, brother, look twice, thrice, we are watching the look twice, thrice, we are watching the look twice, thrice, we are watching the episode of Lockup, episode of Lockup, episode of Lockup, sorry, sorry, sorry, Karla, sorry, sorry, sorry, Karla, sorry, sorry, sorry, Karla, Karla [screaming voice], let's go, we are Karla [screaming voice], let's go, we are Karla [screaming voice], let's go, we are watching the show, friends, see watching the show, friends, see watching the show, friends, see this, see their reaction, I am this, see their reaction, I am this, see their reaction, I am not able to see it, send them inside, send them inside, send them inside, not able to see it, send them inside, send them inside, send them inside, not able to see it, send them inside, send them inside, send them inside, brother, there is brother, there is brother, there is Chamola and Pam, Chamola and Pam, Chamola and Pam, and I am Harshad, and I am Harshad, and I am Harshad, Chamola and Pam, Harshad, Chamola and Pam, Harshad, Chamola and Pam, Harshad, I just said a dialogue that I will I just said a dialogue that I will I just said a dialogue that I will not have that much time, I will go out and not have that much time, I will go out and not have that much time, I will go out and watch the show, I am watching the show, brother, friend, brother, I am watch the show, I am watching the show, brother, friend, brother, I am enjoying it, brother, you know, enjoying it, brother, you know, we watch each episode four times a we watch each episode four times a we watch each episode four times a day, I am day, I am day, I am enjoying it, enjoying it, enjoying it, brother, play it, brother, do you brother, play it, brother, do you brother, play it, brother, do you know what is know what is know what is this, which episode is this, this, which episode is this, this, which episode is this, this is the episode in which Suzanne has just come, this is the episode in which Suzanne has just come, guys, watch it, come on, come on, guys, watch it, come on, come on, guys, watch it, come on, come on, play it, play it, play it, play it, play it, play it, and the Chaudharys are fighting, and right now, and the Chaudharys are fighting, and right now, and the Chaudharys are fighting, and right now, Shilpa ji and I are fighting.  Ok. Shilpa ji and I are fighting.  Ok. Shilpa ji and I are fighting.  Ok. This is brief. This is brief. This is brief. We have just seen it for a while. We have just seen it for a while. We have just seen it for a while. This brief has been given.  Come on, no This brief has been given.  Come on, no This brief has been given.  Come on, no one comes at 8:00. one comes at 8:00. one comes at 8:00. No one comes on time to watch the episode. No one comes on time to watch the episode. No one comes on time to watch the episode. I have watched the first five minutes of the show five times.   It's I have watched the first five minutes of the show five times.   It's actually 9:00 now you know. actually 9:00 now you know. actually 9:00 now you know. Play it, play it.  Who has the remote? Play it, play it.  Who has the remote? Play it, play it.  Who has the remote? Let's go guys.  Let us see now. Let's go guys.  Let us see now. Let's go guys.  Let us see now. Trying to understand any point of view. Trying to understand any point of view. Trying to understand any point of view. Can you not? Can you not? What is your [music] certainty?  What is Certain? What is your [music] certainty?  What is Certain? What is your [music] certainty?  What is Certain? Hey, Hey, Hey, why are you shouting brother? why are you shouting brother? why are you shouting brother? Hey brother, Hey brother, Hey brother, what a bad friend you are. what a bad friend you are. what a bad friend you are. What a bad friend you are. What a bad friend you are. What a bad friend you are. So now this means vlogs will be created and we will So now this means vlogs will be created and we will So now this means vlogs will be created and we will react.  I will not see. react.  I will not see. react.  I will not see. Emotions come on play play. Emotions come on play play. Once I did this Once I did this Once I did this from behind, from behind, from behind, you practiced it with the car, right?   He you practiced it with the car, right?   He understands me.   The understands me.   The understands me.   The problem is not that no one problem is not that no one problem is not that no one understands you.  You understand, for the understands you.  You understand, for the understands you.  You understand, for the first time I felt that first time I felt that first time I felt that people here will not stay in your life by begging you, they don't people here will not stay in your life by begging you, they don't want it either, no want it either, no want it either, no one has that much time. one has that much time. one has that much time. Yes, Yes, Yes, so guys, welcome back to the same official. so guys, welcome back to the same official. so guys, welcome back to the same official. This is a vlog in continuation, so what do I have to announce? This is a vlog in continuation, so what do I have to announce? I have done it after a long time. I I have done it after a long time. I I have done it after a long time. I feel so good after breathing some air. There was no air in the lockup. feel so good after breathing some air. There was no air in the lockup. What is it like in the lockup? I have got some What is it like in the lockup? I have got some fans. Babu. Hey friend, I can't go out right now. So fans. Babu. Hey friend, I can't go out right now. So who is this? Who is this? This man who is this? Who is this? This man who is this? Who is this? This man This is your boyfriend. This is your boyfriend. This is your boyfriend. Rental rental Rental rental Rental rental rental. This is mine. I have just removed him from the rent and made him a leasehold rental. This is mine. I have just removed him from the rent and made him a leasehold rental. This is mine. I have just removed him from the rent and made him a leasehold boyfriend. I have taken boyfriend. I have taken boyfriend. I have taken permanent ownership permanent ownership permanent ownership of this boy. So friends, right now we are going to of this boy. So friends, right now we are going to of this boy. So friends, right now we are going to Sakshi Jasin's house. And we have Sakshi Jasin's house. And we have Sakshi Jasin's house. And we have Respect Me. Respect Me. Respect Me. Hi, Hi, Hi, you. you. you. I have used so many dialogues I have used so many dialogues I have used so many dialogues in unnecessary boasting. But come on, wings, all is well. in unnecessary boasting. But come on, wings, all is well. in unnecessary boasting. But come on, wings, all is well. Your dialogues have also gone viral, and Your dialogues have also gone viral, and Your dialogues have also gone viral, and I don't think anything like this has gone viral. Make that I don't think anything like this has gone viral. Make that I don't think anything like this has gone viral. Make that your dialogue. I love it. I like it three to two. your dialogue. I love it. I like it three to two. your dialogue. I love it. I like it three to two. One go I One go I One go I love it I like it love it I like it love it I like it you are also coming Bhaiya you too you are also coming Bhaiya you too you are also coming Bhaiya you too oh this lift is giving you also do it three it started doing dhak dhak oh this lift is giving you also do it three it started doing dhak dhak we are going to Sakshi Jasmine's house and we will we are going to Sakshi Jasmine's house and we will we are going to Sakshi Jasmine's house and we will chill for a bit and then Babu is going chill for a bit and then Babu is going chill for a bit and then Babu is going back to Lucknow and this back to Lucknow and this back to Lucknow and this is the flight at 10 o'clock and is the flight at 10 o'clock and is the flight at 10 o'clock and when will you come back you have a when will you come back you have a when will you come back you have a 14 hour shift 14 hour shift 14 hour shift when will you come when will you come when will you come when tell me to come you are when tell me to come you are when tell me to come you are getting a crore in two days who getting a crore in two days who getting a crore in two days who knows in two days tell me even if you come you will have to knows in two days tell me even if you come you will have to knows in two days tell me even if you come you will have to come in two days then next you are getting come in two days then next you are getting come in two days then next you are getting a crore we are getting a private plane a crore we are getting a private plane and these people are buying the plane first and these people are buying the plane first and these people are buying the plane first I want to get a crore I want to get a crore I want to get a crore but now let's see friends what is written in my fate but now let's see friends what is written in my fate but now let's see friends what is written in my fate whatever happens whatever happens whatever happens we will accept the cutting we will accept the cutting we will accept the cutting God will accept it because I have done as much as I could I do God will accept it because I have done as much as I could I do n't want n't want n't want my voice going out doing all this my voice going out doing all this my voice going out doing all this we don't want 10-10% we don't want 10-10% we don't want 10-10% 10% 40% tax will be deducted 20% will have to be 10% 40% tax will be deducted 20% will have to be 10% 40% tax will be deducted 20% will have to be given to the agency the remaining 10-10% and then there is 30% given to the agency the remaining 10-10% and then there is 30% given to the agency the remaining 10-10% and then there is 30% tax on top of that so what do you want you want a slap tax on top of that so what do you want you want a slap support me will you support me will you support me will you give me money give me money give me money What kind of PR is this brother, whose PR is this What kind of PR is this brother, whose PR is this What kind of PR is this brother, whose PR is this , the PR of friends. , the PR of friends. , the PR of friends. Brother, will you take this off or not? Brother, will you take this off or not? Brother, will you take this off or not? Immature.   I have just Immature.   I have just Immature.   I have just installed it. installed it. installed it. So you're just walking like a guest. So you're just walking like a guest. So you're just walking like a guest. Can only girls do skin care Can only girls do skin care Can only girls do skin care ? ? ? So which mask is this one? So which mask is this one? So which mask is this one? This is viral.  [MUSIC] This is viral.  [MUSIC] This is viral.  [MUSIC] Why aren't you wearing my mask? Why aren't you wearing my mask? Why aren't you wearing my mask? Why are you not wearing my viral mask Why are you not wearing my viral mask Why are you not wearing my viral mask ? ? ? Whatever you have made viral has to be kept for 5 hours, Whatever you have made viral has to be kept for 5 hours, Whatever you have made viral has to be kept for 5 hours, right madam?  [laughter] This is a 15-minute one. right madam?  [laughter] This is a 15-minute one. right madam?  [laughter] This is a 15-minute one. Or I feel that if someone's sales increase then Or I feel that if someone's sales increase then Or I feel that if someone's sales increase then I could get some sponsorship and TVC ads etc. then it would I could get some sponsorship and TVC ads etc. then it would I could get some sponsorship and TVC ads etc. then it would not be something crazy.  No, I have stopped being a not be something crazy.  No, I have stopped being a not be something crazy.  No, I have stopped being a beggar, now you won't find him, I am beggar, now you won't find him, I am beggar, now you won't find him, I am not that crazy, the not that crazy, the not that crazy, the people in the lockup, whom are people in the lockup, whom are people in the lockup, whom are you missing the most, right now you missing the most, right now you missing the most, right now I am missing the sensible people, I am missing the sensible people, I am missing the sensible people, now now now who is sensible according to you, tell me this also who is sensible according to you, tell me this also my friend, my friend, my friend, hey, there is some Aanchar Vancher or Jalebi, you will keep knowing, among the hey, there is some Aanchar Vancher or Jalebi, you will keep knowing, among the hey, there is some Aanchar Vancher or Jalebi, you will keep knowing, among the people inside, I have a people inside, I have a people inside, I have a chill zone only with Shilpa ji and Madhuri ji, chill zone only with Shilpa ji and Madhuri ji, chill zone only with Shilpa ji and Madhuri ji, otherwise I don't miss anyone, the people you otherwise I don't miss anyone, the people you otherwise I don't miss anyone, the people you make friends with, you usually make friends with, you usually make friends with, you usually make them older than you, make them older than you, make them older than you, yes only those who yes only those who yes only those who match, you have shamed me, then you match, you have shamed me, then you match, you have shamed me, then you see. see. see. I didn't even say anything about this, friend. I didn't even say anything about this, friend. I didn't even say anything about this, friend. What do I mean, you guys can kill me.  do one thing. What do I mean, you guys can kill me.  do one thing. What do I mean, you guys can kill me.  do one thing. I have just come to the show after getting killed.  Now you I have just come to the show after getting killed.  Now you I have just come to the show after getting killed.  Now you guys can kill me. Yes, I mean, I don't know friend, she Yes, I mean, I don't know friend, she Yes, I mean, I don't know friend, she was very understanding and no one else could understand her.  No was very understanding and no one else could understand her.  No was very understanding and no one else could understand her.  No one was mature enough for one was mature enough for one was mature enough for me to understand his intelligence.  Maybe I had a me to understand his intelligence.  Maybe I had a me to understand his intelligence.  Maybe I had a little less intelligence and he had a lot little less intelligence and he had a lot little less intelligence and he had a lot more, that's why the match didn't happen. more, that's why the match didn't happen. more, that's why the match didn't happen. It Was Me Guys.  It was not them. It Was Me Guys.  It was not them. It Was Me Guys.  It was not them. I was very real and you were also very real. I was very real and you were also very real. I was very real and you were also very real. That's why your training is happening together. That's why your training is happening together. That's why your training is happening together. Everyone was playing house to house.  They were becoming good. Everyone was playing house to house.  They were becoming good. Everyone was playing house to house.  They were becoming good. In fact, those people also had doubts but still they were In fact, those people also had doubts but still they were In fact, those people also had doubts but still they were trying to be good.  I don't trying to be good.  I don't trying to be good.  I don't think they would be like that in real life, the think they would be like that in real life, the main thing is you killed it in the show.  You main thing is you killed it in the show.  You main thing is you killed it in the show.  You showed it from start to end, literally showed it from start to end, literally showed it from start to end, literally you owned the entire show.  And we are glad we are you owned the entire show.  And we are glad we are you owned the entire show.  And we are glad we are proud to support you.  Not even killed, the peep is proud to support you.  Not even killed, the peep is proud to support you.  Not even killed, the peep is coming out brother. coming out brother. coming out brother. Brother, I closed it.  Pocket pocketed. Brother, I closed it.  Pocket pocketed. Brother, I closed it.  Pocket pocketed. Friends, look, we have come to Justin and Friends, look, we have come to Justin and Friends, look, we have come to Justin and Sakshi's house.  Very interesting Sakshi's house.  Very interesting Sakshi's house.  Very interesting things are shown here.  Wait you. things are shown here.  Wait you. things are shown here.  Wait you. I am not that interesting thing. I am not that interesting thing. I am not that interesting thing. Show your face.   No no, you Show your face.   No no, you Show your face.   No no, you saw me.  Seen the gaming room saw me.  Seen the gaming room saw me.  Seen the gaming room Justin knows? Justin knows? Justin knows? I am I am I am watching the video and seeing what gifts the girls are giving. watching the video and seeing what gifts the girls are giving. Yes. Yes. Yes. Look, get inspired a little.   She is getting it made.  I have Look, get inspired a little.   She is getting it made.  I have Look, get inspired a little.   She is getting it made.  I have also got a gift made somewhere. also got a gift made somewhere. also got a gift made somewhere. Brother, I got the room repaired a little. Brother, I got the room repaired a little. Brother, I got the room repaired a little. So I am making it trend.  I saw So I am making it trend.  I saw So I am making it trend.  I saw your trend. your trend. your trend. Which one?  What's the trend?  Brother, I am being Which one?  What's the trend?  Brother, I am being Which one?  What's the trend?  Brother, I am being insulted a lot in the market.  We'll also get it insulted a lot in the market.  We'll also get it insulted a lot in the market.  We'll also get it trending [laughs]. trending [laughs]. trending [laughs]. Yes, I made you trend on Twitter.   You will have to Yes, I made you trend on Twitter.   You will have to Yes, I made you trend on Twitter.   You will have to tell your fandom about Kalra. tell your fandom about Kalra. tell your fandom about Kalra. Look, instead of rental, I have owned you. Look, instead of rental, I have owned you. Look, instead of rental, I have owned you. Lease Boyfriend Lease Boyfriend Lease Boyfriend Made a lease boyfriend.  I have taken Made a lease boyfriend.  I have taken Made a lease boyfriend.  I have taken ownership of you.  Meaning you have been upgraded. ownership of you.  Meaning you have been upgraded. ownership of you.  Meaning you have been upgraded. Brother, you should have Brother, you should have Brother, you should have told me this.   It told me this.   It told me this.   It 's your birthday brother.  It's a birthday.   I 's your birthday brother.  It's a birthday.   I 's your birthday brother.  It's a birthday.   I want all the boyfriends.   It's want all the boyfriends.   It's want all the boyfriends.   It's brother's birthday. brother's birthday. brother's birthday. Yes.  Rental boyfriend is better than a cheater Yes.  Rental boyfriend is better than a cheater Yes.  Rental boyfriend is better than a cheater boyfriend.  Come here. boyfriend.  Come here. boyfriend.  Come here. See. See. See. Good?   The Good?   The Good?   The room is ready.   It room is ready.   It room is ready.   It is a completely restricted area. is a completely restricted area. is a completely restricted area. Working? Working? Working? What will you start?  Come on brother Justin, What will you start?  Come on brother Justin, What will you start?  Come on brother Justin, show me your room.  New customers have come show me your room.  New customers have come show me your room.  New customers have come from the lockup.   Should I from the lockup.   Should I from the lockup.   Should I show it to the lockup customers [laughs]?   Lets go. show it to the lockup customers [laughs]?   Lets go. Three three three to one.   It is Three three three to one.   It is Three three three to one.   It is also three to one with.   Oh, I won't be able to. also three to one with.   Oh, I won't be able to. Look, look, look, look, look, look, I am Look, look, look, look, look, look, I am Look, look, look, look, look, look, I am not able to see inside. not able to see inside. not able to see inside. Brother, his mind is blown. Brother, his mind is blown. Brother, his mind is blown. Brother, I had gone mad. Brother, I had gone mad. Brother, I had gone mad. This is actually. This is actually. This is actually. So reduce it friend, you can't hear me. So reduce it friend, you can't hear me. So reduce it friend, you can't hear me. Okay, I was just playing, sorry. Okay, I was just playing, sorry. Okay, I was just playing, sorry. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Brother, what is this room bro?  What is?  Wow friend, I have Brother, what is this room bro?  What is?  Wow friend, I have Brother, what is this room bro?  What is?  Wow friend, I have also applied variegated light white.   The also applied variegated light white.   The also applied variegated light white.   The whole dude is whole dude is whole dude is completely crazy. completely crazy. completely crazy. This [laughs] detail that he has used This [laughs] detail that he has used This [laughs] detail that he has used and this is complete and this is complete and this is complete brother detailing, man.  Look, brother detailing, man.  Look, brother detailing, man.  Look, more things have been added. more things have been added. more things have been added. America America America also has it also has it also has it brother. I will come and open it.  Someone came. I will come and open it.  Someone came. I will come and open it.  Someone came. Someone came, friends. Someone came, friends. Someone came, friends. Justin witnesses someone come to the house. Is that g Is that g Is that g Vivek welcome bhai Vivek bhai welcome bhai Vivek welcome bhai Vivek bhai welcome bhai Vivek welcome bhai Vivek bhai welcome bhai his bhai his bhai his bhai come bhai have you seen Justin's new gaming room come on come on come bhai have you seen Justin's new gaming room come on come on come bhai have you seen Justin's new gaming room come on come on see the reaction see the reaction see the reaction this one also hasn't seen this one also hasn't seen this one also hasn't seen this one also hasn't seen this one also hasn't seen this one also hasn't seen you also haven't seen come come come come you also haven't seen come come come come wow what an acting he is doing wow what an acting he is doing wow what an acting he is doing see Mipur see Mipur see Mipur bhai we are not naked [laughs] [nasal sound] has [nasal sound] has [nasal sound] has his brain stopped working [laughs] he is a [laughs] he is a [laughs] he is a cool man leave it