Oh my God.
How many gifts do you open, friend? When we go, she
opens the gift first. There is a gift after arrival.
But shout like
you did in this episode. The
classroom guy did the same thing. I am coming to
pee, sir. After this take the take.
Now they are looking for where we are.
I love it. I like it.
You are also coming brother. You also came.
Oye this leave is gil raha hai. I didn't even say anything about this, friend.
I don't
mean you guys kill me, do one thing.
I have just come to the show after getting killed. Now you guys can
kill me.
Hello guys, so a very
crazy idea has just come to my mind. That is, I am going to
meet Shreya tomorrow. It's going to be
a surprise visit because just for the
idea, for the last few days, ever since
Shreya went into lockup,
we have been shooting in Lucknow since 20 days before she left. Ok
? Because it is a very big project for
me and I am shooting in Lucknow from past one
and half months. For the entire time Shreya was
in the lockup, we were supporting her from here.
Whatever you saw on social media
, Snapchat etc., the point is that
right now you are seeing that it is 1:10:11 on the night of the 30th.
Right? And now we have come to know
that for some technical reasons they are not
shooting tomorrow. Because Shreya has come home
and we were not able to go to meet her
because there is no commitment, there is a shoot. There are so
many things that we cannot leave him.
So right now I am really excited because
Shreya doesn't know that I am coming.
And I have just booked the ticket. And the
flight is at 7:30 in the morning. Tomorrow, just for one
day. Meaning I'm going to
visit the city for a few hours. Then I
caught a flight at night and came back. I have to come back to
Lucknow. So let's go and I'll vlog the whole thing.
So I'm pretty excited. Let's
go. Guys, it's ringing now, the flight is close to 7:30.
And I have already
started boarding. So let's go. Let's
Reach Mumbai.
So guys I am home and
let's go.
23 floors have been reached. And I
also bought a small gift for Sha. Let's go.
I felt like giving you a perfume. So I
bought a perfume for her from the airport itself.
So I just checked the home camera.
And I felt that uncle was leaving home for work
and aunty was also not visible. She is sleeping. Let's go.
Oh my God.
What happened?
What happened Lal? Were you
sleeping?
What happened?
Hey aunty uncle aunty uncle.
Darling has come from the lockup. Came from the lockup.
Came from the lockup. Show me your face a little. What
happened? Hey brother, if you love me so much then
go to the lockup every month.
Take this for you.
What is this?
What happens to Parkos?
Perfume. There
is perfume. Perfume yes. Guys, let me turn on some
light. You ruined my sleep. But never mind.
Sleep is a mess.
I think uncle has gone out somewhere. I think
your other one is somewhere on there.
Hey, this tree is yours.
How do you smell it?
Yes, sit down. Should I
sit? Hey brother, don't ask. Call me a gift.
How many gifts do you open, friend?
So it has been going on since childhood. When she
goes, she opens the gift first. After coming she
opens the gift. But go when you were going to the lockup.
We were not there.
Hmm. Come on, someone, you are special. Look brother,
all the kids have brought trees. This is a bit flimsy. The
bottle is so nice.
Bottle, this is a bit subtle. But he told us to
remove the bottle. Look at the fragrance.
Cool
brother, I haven't received the money. Why are you
doing endorsement brother?
Now promise our audience that you and
I will vlog more than before.
Brother, Shreya has become a celebrity. This
is a huge promise.
Now Shreya has become a celebrity.
Not now, brother, will you take money from us?
Yes, I will take the money with you. Isn't it
?
Yes, take the money. What will you take for sprinkling? Yes,
sprinkle it in the lid. There is no such thing as a hand.
This is it: give expensive things to the poor.
Then the same thing will arise if the person is poor.
I am applying it after a long time.
Give expensive things to the poor. Food was
not available there. Gave expensive
luxury perfume here. Brother, his lease has become four.
Where are you applying perfume?
Everyone forgot.
Hey, just
shout like
you shouted in this episode.
How do I shout wrong? Just
act like that once. Come on, three two, just now
you picked up the card and it came
into your card. Come on, three to one.
Start it. Guys By The Way is
out now. And this episode was telecasted yesterday in
which she takes out the card and it turns green.
Right now it is not allowed in the contract,
neither to go out
[nasal sound] nor to do anything.
You know, we came from Lucknow
as soon as we came to know that we have to go at night for a day.
And I am hoping that he gives
me an extra day but I am not
sure. I don't think I am going to meet him. But I will have to
leave at night. The point is that this
vlog will go away after the finale. Cutie, go ahead, have you felt like
[ __ ]? Go.
Yes friend, pot has come. Go
pot. The guy came from Lucknow to Mumbai, is there
any difference, his poop is more brother, I
mean it has come straight to the face, the body will come out of this,
then I have come for the feet [laughs] even though
I am
laughing,
come, it is
not just the feet,
I was missing you so much, my house was
empty even though my Shriya was with me,
we kept thinking what to do, I am not enjoying it, that is what
true love calls it, that is why
I will think that I cannot find anyone who loves me like
Rishabh, I have seen that he does not
eat anything without you. How thin and
dark it has become.
Black [laughs]
Black and thin too.
Hey, he is shooting,
my love, you have come. Just
hug them, friend, if the poor girl is doing it then so what, do
n't you do it with your children? It
seems to me that Hiriya is more. You
both seem like my life.
You got saved a little in this sentence.
Which you were going to say before this, more than Shreya. It
rang in just a second,
you are also my love, I know his
friends were sitting at night, I am not feeling well, should
I go inside for a while and sleep, sir, I was feeling pain,
then thank you, you came, have you eaten anything, you had
just eaten in the morning, I will eat, right
love,
tell me the
truth, did I
say on the set that I had to pee or did I leave
from there and run away
from the set,
then did the
classroom act, I had to pee, I am coming,
sir, after this
[sound of clearing throat] please take the take,
now they are searching for me, where am I? I will
blow him up with a bomb. Once you get it in your hands,
where did you go early in the morning with the iron rod?
No, where will I go with the iron rod?
I will leave you and get up and massage you, apply oil on your head,
both of you have been
massaged, aunty.
Yes, I became
weak.
Became weak.
Yes. I was
thinking about this a little yesterday, Rishabh. It's been a
week.
What happened? Then
I did not go to any gym for months.
Hey, she used to
just sit and mutter for
16 hours.
So it looks weak. If she goes to the gym now, she will come back.
Yesterday I was thinking about this,
brother, who will come and who will win the finale, I
said, trust in God, God is so big, he is
eating, by the way,
yes,
who will win, then ask
how much I was watching, have you seen it, I am
not getting bored watching it three times, I have never
watched it by turning on the TV, I experience it
aunty, look with complete excitement,
yes, it is looking so good
brother, watch it tomorrow, I am coming, I said we will
all watch the episode together at night.
Papa and Mummy are sitting watching.
Yes, so what? You must have seen it again. Have looked back again. I
saw it twice in front of me.
Yes. It is being
watched for three hours. Are being watched.
What's the matter, three times? I am
enjoying it three times. And when
Sharia is not coming, look at him
in the lockup. Eyes were searching for Shriya. Brother
where is Shia, I was enjoying it because of Mr. Sharia.
And you know, I watch it two, two, three times at home also. Let's
see these people first in the afternoon,
mom and sister. Yes, after that
brother, everyone is very confused, brother,
my entire family is watching it, brother,
look twice, thrice, we are watching the
episode of Lockup,
sorry, sorry, sorry, Karla,
Karla [screaming voice], let's go, we are
watching the show, friends, see
this, see their reaction, I am
not able to see it, send them inside, send them inside, send them inside,
brother, there is
Chamola and Pam,
and I am Harshad,
Chamola and Pam, Harshad,
I just said a dialogue that I will
not have that much time, I will go out and
watch the show, I am watching the show, brother, friend, brother, I am
enjoying it, brother, you know,
we watch each episode four times a
day, I am
enjoying it,
brother, play it, brother, do you
know what is
this, which episode is this,
this is the episode in which Suzanne has just come,
guys, watch it, come on, come on,
play it, play it,
and the Chaudharys are fighting, and right now,
Shilpa ji and I are fighting. Ok.
This is brief.
We have just seen it for a while.
This brief has been given. Come on, no
one comes at 8:00.
No one comes on time to watch the episode.
I have watched the first five minutes of the show five times. It's
actually 9:00 now you know.
Play it, play it. Who has the remote?
Let's go guys. Let us see now.
Trying to understand any point of view.
Can you not?
What is your [music] certainty? What is Certain?
Hey,
why are you shouting brother?
Hey brother,
what a bad friend you are.
What a bad friend you are.
So now this means vlogs will be created and we will
react. I will not see.
Emotions come on play play.
Once I did this
from behind,
you practiced it with the car, right? He
understands me. The
problem is not that no one
understands you. You understand, for the
first time I felt that
people here will not stay in your life by begging you, they don't
want it either, no
one has that much time.
Yes,
so guys, welcome back to the same official.
This is a vlog in continuation, so what do I have to announce?
I have done it after a long time. I
feel so good after breathing some air. There was no air in the lockup.
What is it like in the lockup? I have got some
fans. Babu. Hey friend, I can't go out right now. So
who is this? Who is this? This man
This is your boyfriend.
Rental rental
rental. This is mine. I have just removed him from the rent and made him a leasehold
boyfriend. I have taken
permanent ownership
of this boy. So friends, right now we are going to
Sakshi Jasin's house. And we have
Respect Me.
Hi,
you.
I have used so many dialogues
in unnecessary boasting. But come on, wings, all is well.
Your dialogues have also gone viral, and
I don't think anything like this has gone viral. Make that
your dialogue. I love it. I like it three to two.
One go I
love it I like it
you are also coming Bhaiya you too
oh this lift is giving you also do it three it started doing dhak dhak
we are going to Sakshi Jasmine's house and we will
chill for a bit and then Babu is going
back to Lucknow and this
is the flight at 10 o'clock and
when will you come back you have a
14 hour shift
when will you come
when tell me to come you are
getting a crore in two days who
knows in two days tell me even if you come you will have to
come in two days then next you are getting
a crore we are getting a private plane
and these people are buying the plane first
I want to get a crore
but now let's see friends what is written in my fate
whatever happens
we will accept the cutting
God will accept it because I have done as much as I could I do
n't want
my voice going out doing all this
we don't want 10-10%
10% 40% tax will be deducted 20% will have to be
given to the agency the remaining 10-10% and then there is 30%
tax on top of that so what do you want you want a slap
support me will you
give me money
What kind of PR is this brother, whose PR is this
, the PR of friends.
Brother, will you take this off or not?
Immature. I have just
installed it.
So you're just walking like a guest.
Can only girls do skin care
?
So which mask is this one?
This is viral. [MUSIC]
Why aren't you wearing my mask?
Why are you not wearing my viral mask
?
Whatever you have made viral has to be kept for 5 hours,
right madam? [laughter] This is a 15-minute one.
Or I feel that if someone's sales increase then
I could get some sponsorship and TVC ads etc. then it would
not be something crazy. No, I have stopped being a
beggar, now you won't find him, I am
not that crazy, the
people in the lockup, whom are
you missing the most, right now
I am missing the sensible people,
now
who is sensible according to you, tell me this also
my friend,
hey, there is some Aanchar Vancher or Jalebi, you will keep knowing, among the
people inside, I have a
chill zone only with Shilpa ji and Madhuri ji,
otherwise I don't miss anyone, the people you
make friends with, you usually
make them older than you,
yes only those who
match, you have shamed me, then you
see.
I didn't even say anything about this, friend.
What do I mean, you guys can kill me. do one thing.
I have just come to the show after getting killed. Now you
guys can kill me.
Yes, I mean, I don't know friend, she
was very understanding and no one else could understand her. No
one was mature enough for
me to understand his intelligence. Maybe I had a
little less intelligence and he had a lot
more, that's why the match didn't happen.
It Was Me Guys. It was not them.
I was very real and you were also very real.
That's why your training is happening together.
Everyone was playing house to house. They were becoming good.
In fact, those people also had doubts but still they were
trying to be good. I don't
think they would be like that in real life, the
main thing is you killed it in the show. You
showed it from start to end, literally
you owned the entire show. And we are glad we are
proud to support you. Not even killed, the peep is
coming out brother.
Brother, I closed it. Pocket pocketed.
Friends, look, we have come to Justin and
Sakshi's house. Very interesting
things are shown here. Wait you.
I am not that interesting thing.
Show your face. No no, you
saw me. Seen the gaming room
Justin knows?
I am
watching the video and seeing what gifts the girls are giving.
Yes.
Look, get inspired a little. She is getting it made. I have
also got a gift made somewhere.
Brother, I got the room repaired a little.
So I am making it trend. I saw
your trend.
Which one? What's the trend? Brother, I am being
insulted a lot in the market. We'll also get it
trending [laughs].
Yes, I made you trend on Twitter. You will have to
tell your fandom about Kalra.
Look, instead of rental, I have owned you.
Lease Boyfriend
Made a lease boyfriend. I have taken
ownership of you. Meaning you have been upgraded.
Brother, you should have
told me this. It
's your birthday brother. It's a birthday. I
want all the boyfriends. It's
brother's birthday.
Yes. Rental boyfriend is better than a cheater
boyfriend. Come here.
See.
Good? The
room is ready. It
is a completely restricted area.
Working?
What will you start? Come on brother Justin,
show me your room. New customers have come
from the lockup. Should I
show it to the lockup customers [laughs]? Lets go.
Three three three to one. It is
also three to one with. Oh, I won't be able to.
Look, look, look, look, look, look, I am
not able to see inside.
Brother, his mind is blown.
Brother, I had gone mad.
This is actually.
So reduce it friend, you can't hear me.
Okay, I was just playing, sorry.
Oh my God.
Brother, what is this room bro? What is? Wow friend, I have
also applied variegated light white. The
whole dude is
completely crazy.
This [laughs] detail that he has used
and this is complete
brother detailing, man. Look,
more things have been added.
America
also has it
brother.
I will come and open it. Someone came.
Someone came, friends.
Justin witnesses someone come to the house.
Is that g
Vivek welcome bhai Vivek bhai welcome bhai
his bhai
come bhai have you seen Justin's new gaming room come on come on
see the reaction
this one also hasn't seen this one also hasn't seen
you also haven't seen come come come come
wow what an acting he is doing
see Mipur
bhai we are not naked [laughs]
[nasal sound] has
his brain stopped working
[laughs] he is a
cool man leave it
