In this video, I'm going to show you how In this video, I'm going to show you how In this video, I'm going to show you how to cross stitch. Hi, this is Sarah with Notorious Needle, Hi, this is Sarah with Notorious Needle, Hi, this is Sarah with Notorious Needle, bringing you geeky, cheeky, and 3D bringing you geeky, cheeky, and 3D bringing you geeky, cheeky, and 3D crossstitch. By the end of this video, crossstitch. By the end of this video, crossstitch. By the end of this video, you'll learn the two primary methods of you'll learn the two primary methods of you'll learn the two primary methods of crossstitch and three other different crossstitch and three other different crossstitch and three other different ways to implement them. I've been ways to implement them. I've been ways to implement them. I've been crossstitching since I was 10 years old, crossstitching since I was 10 years old, crossstitching since I was 10 years old, and I've used all of these. One seems and I've used all of these. One seems and I've used all of these. One seems definitely easier than the other. And definitely easier than the other. And definitely easier than the other. And I'll show you which one that is. I'll show you which one that is. I'll show you which one that is. For this demonstration, I'll be using For this demonstration, I'll be using For this demonstration, I'll be using DMC floss number 552, this beautiful DMC floss number 552, this beautiful DMC floss number 552, this beautiful plum color. I'll be using a size 26 plum color. I'll be using a size 26 plum color. I'll be using a size 26 tapestry needle and 11count ADA cloth. tapestry needle and 11count ADA cloth. tapestry needle and 11count ADA cloth. This is much bigger than you might This is much bigger than you might This is much bigger than you might normally use. I just want you to be able normally use. I just want you to be able normally use. I just want you to be able to see the stitches. The first method of to see the stitches. The first method of to see the stitches. The first method of cross stitch I'm going to show you is cross stitch I'm going to show you is cross stitch I'm going to show you is the English method. You start with a slash You start with a slash You start with a slash and then you complete the X. You continue doing full crosses all the You continue doing full crosses all the You continue doing full crosses all the way across the pattern. And this is how it looks on the back. The second method I want to show you is The second method I want to show you is The second method I want to show you is the Danish method. You may have guessed the Danish method. You may have guessed the Danish method. You may have guessed that the Danish method, you simply do that the Danish method, you simply do that the Danish method, you simply do slashes all the way across and then you slashes all the way across and then you slashes all the way across and then you complete the X's all the way across. And this is how it looks on the back. on And this is how it looks on the back. on And this is how it looks on the back. on the bottom. the bottom. the bottom. I definitely prefer the Danish method I definitely prefer the Danish method I definitely prefer the Danish method because the backs come out so much because the backs come out so much because the backs come out so much neater. Another way to do cross stitch the Another way to do cross stitch the Another way to do cross stitch the Danish way is using a sewing stitch. For Danish way is using a sewing stitch. For Danish way is using a sewing stitch. For the sewing stitch, you can't use a hoop the sewing stitch, you can't use a hoop the sewing stitch, you can't use a hoop because you actually fold your cloth because you actually fold your cloth because you actually fold your cloth along the row that you're stitching. And along the row that you're stitching. And along the row that you're stitching. And then you go one technically stitch is then you go one technically stitch is then you go one technically stitch is like two stitches doing the other way. like two stitches doing the other way. like two stitches doing the other way. Almost like a running stitch across your Almost like a running stitch across your Almost like a running stitch across your cloth. The tricky part about the sewing cloth. The tricky part about the sewing cloth. The tricky part about the sewing method is getting the tension right. It method is getting the tension right. It method is getting the tension right. It can be very easy to make this too tight can be very easy to make this too tight can be very easy to make this too tight while your fabric is folded in half. And when you turn it over, it looks the And when you turn it over, it looks the And when you turn it over, it looks the same as the Danish method. You can do same as the Danish method. You can do same as the Danish method. You can do either the English or the Danish method either the English or the Danish method either the English or the Danish method two-handed. two-handed. two-handed. You simply place your project inside a You simply place your project inside a You simply place your project inside a frame. It can be a hoop or it can be a frame. It can be a hoop or it can be a frame. It can be a hoop or it can be a scroll frame that comes up off the floor scroll frame that comes up off the floor scroll frame that comes up off the floor or um is a lap frame uh that you use or um is a lap frame uh that you use or um is a lap frame uh that you use while sitting down. The two-handed while sitting down. The two-handed while sitting down. The two-handed method, method, method, while your project is in a stabilized while your project is in a stabilized while your project is in a stabilized frame, leaving you handsree, you simply frame, leaving you handsree, you simply frame, leaving you handsree, you simply pass the needle through one side and pass the needle through one side and pass the needle through one side and then using the other hand, then using the other hand, then using the other hand, pull the needle and pass it through from pull the needle and pass it through from pull the needle and pass it through from the back. the back. the back. Let me know in the comments below if Let me know in the comments below if Let me know in the comments below if there's something you'd like to learn there's something you'd like to learn there's something you'd like to learn about crossstitch that I didn't cover about crossstitch that I didn't cover about crossstitch that I didn't cover yet. Be sure to subscribe and hit that yet. Be sure to subscribe and hit that yet. Be sure to subscribe and hit that notification bell if you want to see notification bell if you want to see notification bell if you want to see more videos like this. Remember, you more videos like this. Remember, you more videos like this. Remember, you don't have to be perfect at it, you just don't have to be perfect at it, you just don't have to be perfect at it, you just have to love it. Stitch on. have to love it. Stitch on. have to love it. Stitch on.