In this video, I'm going to show you how
to cross stitch.
Hi, this is Sarah with Notorious Needle,
bringing you geeky, cheeky, and 3D
crossstitch. By the end of this video,
you'll learn the two primary methods of
crossstitch and three other different
ways to implement them. I've been
crossstitching since I was 10 years old,
and I've used all of these. One seems
definitely easier than the other. And
I'll show you which one that is.
For this demonstration, I'll be using
DMC floss number 552, this beautiful
plum color. I'll be using a size 26
tapestry needle and 11count ADA cloth.
This is much bigger than you might
normally use. I just want you to be able
to see the stitches. The first method of
cross stitch I'm going to show you is
the English method.
You start with a slash
and then you complete the X.
You continue doing full crosses all the
way across the pattern.
And this is how it looks on the back.
The second method I want to show you is
the Danish method. You may have guessed
that the Danish method, you simply do
slashes all the way across and then you
complete the X's all the way across.
And this is how it looks on the back. on
the bottom.
I definitely prefer the Danish method
because the backs come out so much
neater.
Another way to do cross stitch the
Danish way is using a sewing stitch. For
the sewing stitch, you can't use a hoop
because you actually fold your cloth
along the row that you're stitching. And
then you go one technically stitch is
like two stitches doing the other way.
Almost like a running stitch across your
cloth. The tricky part about the sewing
method is getting the tension right. It
can be very easy to make this too tight
while your fabric is folded in half.
And when you turn it over, it looks the
same as the Danish method. You can do
either the English or the Danish method
two-handed.
You simply place your project inside a
frame. It can be a hoop or it can be a
scroll frame that comes up off the floor
or um is a lap frame uh that you use
while sitting down. The two-handed
method,
while your project is in a stabilized
frame, leaving you handsree, you simply
pass the needle through one side and
then using the other hand,
pull the needle and pass it through from
the back.
Let me know in the comments below if
there's something you'd like to learn
about crossstitch that I didn't cover
yet. Be sure to subscribe and hit that
notification bell if you want to see
more videos like this. Remember, you
don't have to be perfect at it, you just
have to love it. Stitch on.
