No other option than cake? No other option than cake? No other option than cake? No, not kheer, No, not kheer, No, not kheer, not halwa, halwa, yuck, not cake, I feed you a different type of not halwa, halwa, yuck, not cake, I feed you a different type of not halwa, halwa, yuck, not cake, I feed you a different type of cake.  Come, let cake.  Come, let cake.  Come, let me feed you pancakes today.  Pancake, did me feed you pancakes today.  Pancake, did me feed you pancakes today.  Pancake, did your pancake taste good? your pancake taste good? your pancake taste good? Hey, I will make Pintola with high protein muesli. Hey, I will make Pintola with high protein muesli. Hey, I will make Pintola with high protein muesli. In this you will get 25 grams of protein in 100 grams.  There is In this you will get 25 grams of protein in 100 grams.  There is no refined sugar but there are nuts and seeds, so that's good, is no refined sugar but there are nuts and seeds, so that's good, is no refined sugar but there are nuts and seeds, so that's good, is n't it?   It n't it?   It n't it?   It happened, right? happened, right? happened, right? Now go ahead. Now go ahead. Now go ahead. Hey, do Hey, do Hey, do n't touch a chain beyond your means. What did you say to him? What did you say to him? What did you say to him? Pancakes.   I should have Pancakes.   I should have Pancakes.   I should have told you earlier that I was going to feed you Malpua. told you earlier that I was going to feed you Malpua. told you earlier that I was going to feed you Malpua. I don't want to eat your pan. I don't want to eat your pan. I don't want to eat your pan. Hey, it will be done brother.   Please Hey, it will be done brother.   Please Hey, it will be done brother.   Please Keep. Keep. Keep. Hey brother, was it going to be like this? Hey brother, was it going to be like this? Hey brother, was it going to be like this? Otherwise, wouldn't you have said the same to me? Otherwise, wouldn't you have said the same to me? Otherwise, wouldn't you have said the same to me? Safe Master Safe Master Blaster. Safe Master Safe Master Blaster. Safe Master Safe Master Blaster. Come come, it's done.  Batsman Batsman Come come, it's done.  Batsman Batsman Come come, it's done.  Batsman Batsman DJ.