No, you don't understand, I am saying that the No, you don't understand, I am saying that the No, you don't understand, I am saying that the security at the airport is very security at the airport is very security at the airport is very tight, Mashaallah. On the other hand, in the tight, Mashaallah. On the other hand, in the tight, Mashaallah. On the other hand, in the name of security in the railways, they are name of security in the railways, they are name of security in the railways, they are pretending and let me tell you about this hypocrisy. pretending and let me tell you about this hypocrisy. pretending and let me tell you about this hypocrisy. My personal thought is that this pretense has to be fulfilled always so that the other person feels My personal thought is that this pretense has to be fulfilled always so that the other person feels My personal thought is that this pretense has to be fulfilled always so that the other person feels hi, understand this meaning, hi, understand this meaning, hi, understand this meaning, like the guys do like the guys do like the guys do in relationships, that girls think this is my in relationships, that girls think this is my in relationships, that girls think this is my night and shining arm, this is my arm, this is my torn arm, night and shining arm, this is my arm, this is my torn arm, night and shining arm, this is my arm, this is my torn arm, after that, they fulfill the pretense, like the railway people do. The fulfill the pretense, like the railway people do. The fulfill the pretense, like the railway people do. The railway people have pretended to such a level that railway people have pretended to such a level that railway people have pretended to such a level that you will feel that maybe they will not you will feel that maybe they will not you will feel that maybe they will not die, they might die, who die, they might die, who die, they might die, who knows, you see, for your total knows, you see, for your total knows, you see, for your total security, the railway is making an announcement security, the railway is making an announcement security, the railway is making an announcement that the Indian Railways wishes for your happiness and comfort. that the Indian Railways wishes for your happiness and comfort. You should try and You should try and You should try and wish for it, wish for it, wish for it, we both are on the same level. we both are on the same level. we both are on the same level. Oh God, why are you saying this? [Music] So, I made such a common observation that I made such a common observation that I made such a common observation that I noticed three ways that if there are I noticed three ways that if there are I noticed three ways that if there are any of you who are fond of travelling, maybe any of you who are fond of travelling, maybe any of you who are fond of travelling, maybe you can find yourself. One of these is those you can find yourself. One of these is those you can find yourself. One of these is those people who go anywhere.  No matter what the people who go anywhere.  No matter what the people who go anywhere.  No matter what the destination is, they travel by road. You go and travel destination is, they travel by road. You go and travel destination is, they travel by road. You go and travel 28, 2800 kilometers by road. I 28, 2800 kilometers by road. I 28, 2800 kilometers by road. I mean, you understand that those people are mean, you understand that those people are mean, you understand that those people are Ola drivers at heart. Ola drivers at heart. Ola drivers at heart. No one is giving them an OTP. Finish the TT ride and give it to them in cash. Finish the TT ride and give it to them in cash. Finish the TT ride and give it to them in cash. No, you are not understanding, friends. No, you are not understanding, friends. No, you are not understanding, friends. After driving 2000 kilometers, your mouth becomes After driving 2000 kilometers, your mouth becomes After driving 2000 kilometers, your mouth becomes like a clutch. Whether you press your mouth or not, the like a clutch. Whether you press your mouth or not, the like a clutch. Whether you press your mouth or not, the clutch keeps changing gears. Why do you have to clutch keeps changing gears. Why do you have to clutch keeps changing gears. Why do you have to drive such a long vehicle? What is the problem for you? drive such a long vehicle? What is the problem for you? drive such a long vehicle? What is the problem for you? If someone else in your life is If someone else in your life is If someone else in your life is fond of driving such a long vehicle, I am saying, okay, if there is fond of driving such a long vehicle, I am saying, okay, if there is fond of driving such a long vehicle, I am saying, okay, if there is someone who is an enthusiast, he should someone who is an enthusiast, he should someone who is an enthusiast, he should drive. Drive a truck. Carry Kashmiri apples in the back. The drive. Drive a truck. Carry Kashmiri apples in the back. The drive. Drive a truck. Carry Kashmiri apples in the back. The economy will benefit. You are going your economy will benefit. You are going your economy will benefit. You are going your three ways. The heart wants it. I don't want it, friend. No, the heart doesn't three ways. The heart wants it. I don't want it, friend. No, the heart doesn't three ways. The heart wants it. I don't want it, friend. No, the heart doesn't lose anything. Friends, lose anything. Friends, lose anything. Friends, sit down. You guys are other types sit down. You guys are other types sit down. You guys are other types of travelers, with whom I of travelers, with whom I of travelers, with whom I relate a lot, people who like train travel. relate a lot, people who like train travel. relate a lot, people who like train travel. Like me myself, I love train Like me myself, I love train Like me myself, I love train travel because there are two or three things that travel because there are two or three things that travel because there are two or three things that I like about it. One, you get to see so many people. I like about it. One, you get to see so many people. I like about it. One, you get to see so many people. And passengers can also change, And passengers can also change, And passengers can also change, unlike planes, there can be no change in the plane, unlike planes, there can be no change in the plane, unlike planes, there can be no change in the plane, yes, I mean, if it has happened yes, I mean, if it has happened yes, I mean, if it has happened then passengers keep changing, your then passengers keep changing, your then passengers keep changing, your landscape keeps changing, sometimes something is coming, landscape keeps changing, sometimes something is coming, landscape keeps changing, sometimes something is coming, sometimes something else is coming, okay, and I mean, the sometimes something else is coming, okay, and I mean, the sometimes something else is coming, okay, and I mean, the network keeps coming, the best thing is that whatever network keeps coming, the best thing is that whatever network keeps coming, the best thing is that whatever situation you are in, you can inform the world about situation you are in, you can inform the world about situation you are in, you can inform the world about your situation because it is not like that scene where nothing is your situation because it is not like that scene where nothing is your situation because it is not like that scene where nothing is coming at 400 feet, you know, I mean, it may come or it may not coming at 400 feet, you know, I mean, it may come or it may not come, your network will come after take-off or not, come, your network will come after take-off or not, come, your network will come after take-off or not, it is not in your hands, it is in the it is not in your hands, it is in the it is not in your hands, it is in the hands of how much we prayed that day, hands of how much we prayed that day, hands of how much we prayed that day, and I mean, how should I tell you, and I mean, how should I tell you, and I mean, how should I tell you, I like train travel very much, but I do I like train travel very much, but I do I like train travel very much, but I do n't like its booking process, that n't like its booking process, that n't like its booking process, that IRCTC has conducted a lucky draw, whether it is the IRCTC has conducted a lucky draw, whether it is the IRCTC has conducted a lucky draw, whether it is the chosen one, whoever had kept it, what do I chosen one, whoever had kept it, what do I chosen one, whoever had kept it, what do I mean, he had kept it for 16 Mondays, hey, mean, he had kept it for 16 Mondays, hey, mean, he had kept it for 16 Mondays, hey, I have not got a husband since 16 Mondays, it is I have not got a husband since 16 Mondays, it is I have not got a husband since 16 Mondays, it is leaving immediately, leaving immediately, leaving immediately, I also do not understand their game, sister-in-law, go around, go around, hey, if sister-in-law, go around, go around, hey, if sister-in-law, go around, go around, hey, if you don't want to give it to me, then write abuses for the sister, you don't want to give it to me, then write abuses for the sister, you don't want to give it to me, then write abuses for the sister, why will I wait, it may be, it may be, why will I wait, it may be, it may be, why will I wait, it may be, it may be, I am Rohit Sharma's  I keep sitting like a wife, hoping that I am Rohit Sharma's  I keep sitting like a wife, hoping that I am Rohit Sharma's  I keep sitting like a wife, hoping that my Tatkal ticket should be cleared, so the my Tatkal ticket should be cleared, so the my Tatkal ticket should be cleared, so the process is challenging, process is challenging, process is challenging, then again comes the third type then again comes the third type then again comes the third type of traveller, who is not me, you are around me, of traveller, who is not me, you are around me, of traveller, who is not me, you are around me, you might be around you, maybe you too, you might be around you, maybe you too, you might be around you, maybe you too, who have seen this, you have seen their attitude, who have seen this, you have seen their attitude, who have seen this, you have seen their attitude, see Bhaiya, we see Bhaiya, we see Bhaiya, we like to reach every place before time, wherever we go, like to reach every place before time, wherever we go, like to reach every place before time, wherever we go, we leave at 9:00 pm we leave at 9:00 pm we leave at 9:00 pm because we think that going before time means being happy and living a happy because we think that going before time means being happy and living a happy because we think that going before time means being happy and living a happy life, and these are the ghosts who get late life, and these are the ghosts who get late life, and these are the ghosts who get late because all the time is spent in [ __ ] knowledge, you are late, oh all this, come on, spent in [ __ ] knowledge, you are late, oh all this, come on, spent in [ __ ] knowledge, you are late, oh all this, come on, sit down and leave, friend, you guys have not seen that, sit down and leave, friend, you guys have not seen that, sit down and leave, friend, you guys have not seen that, see, we all, first of all, my friend Alpan, our see, we all, first of all, my friend Alpan, our see, we all, first of all, my friend Alpan, our friendship has been going on for 15 years, 16 years, till now, I friendship has been going on for 15 years, 16 years, till now, I like to go before time in a group, that is why I take SpiceJet, do you like to go before time, I take you like to go before time, I take you like to go before time, I take SpiceJet, those who SpiceJet, those who SpiceJet, those who go before time take Indigo, go before time take Indigo, go before time take Indigo, oh SpiceJet is something to be taken, oh SpiceJet is something to be taken, oh SpiceJet is something to be taken, SpiceJet has installed ceiling fans in place of engines, SpiceJet has installed ceiling fans in place of engines, SpiceJet has installed ceiling fans in place of engines, not even theirs, that Diwali not even theirs, that Diwali not even theirs, that Diwali Diwali  It's clear that Diwali  It's clear that Diwali  It's clear that their total plan is, let me tell you, SpiceJet's total their total plan is, let me tell you, SpiceJet's total their total plan is, let me tell you, SpiceJet's total plan. Whoever plan. Whoever plan. Whoever opened that airline, get more bastards. Their opened that airline, get more bastards. Their opened that airline, get more bastards. Their total plan is to sell tickets, get passengers on board, total plan is to sell tickets, get passengers on board, total plan is to sell tickets, get passengers on board, and then get a head count. If eight people and then get a head count. If eight people and then get a head count. If eight people can fit in an Innova, take it by road. They're saying, why bother the plane? The They're saying, why bother the plane? The They're saying, why bother the plane? The patch is open at the top, and the patch is open at the top, and the patch is open at the top, and the seats are attached with spit. seats are attached with spit. seats are attached with spit. Brother, SpiceJet is a very light airline. Brother, SpiceJet is a very light airline. Brother, SpiceJet is a very light airline. Friends, I'm telling you, are you Friends, I'm telling you, are you Friends, I'm telling you, are you not a SpiceJet? You should take death, not a SpiceJet? You should take death, not a SpiceJet? You should take death, don't take SpiceJet, because don't take SpiceJet, because don't take SpiceJet, because why delay death for no reason? why delay death for no reason? why delay death for no reason? Yamaraj has come to wait on a buffalo. Brother, I'm not a chat guy, Brother, I'm not a chat guy, Brother, I'm not a chat guy, but I have to tell you this. but I have to tell you this. but I have to tell you this. I know, like I just I know, like I just I know, like I just told you, it's been seven years since I completed stand-up, so of course I'm getting told you, it's been seven years since I completed stand-up, so of course I'm getting told you, it's been seven years since I completed stand-up, so of course I'm getting shows. And one shows. And one shows. And one thing I've noticed is that the clients are respecting me. thing I've noticed is that the clients are respecting me. thing I've noticed is that the clients are respecting me. Like, finally getting their respect. Like, finally getting their respect. Like, finally getting their respect. You can tell it in their eyes, you can tell that they You can tell it in their eyes, you can tell that they You can tell it in their eyes, you can tell that they respect you, but there's respect you, but there's respect you, but there's also a little problem that they're over-respecting me. also a little problem that they're over-respecting me. also a little problem that they're over-respecting me. I'm telling you, there's a I'm telling you, there's a I'm telling you, there's a lack of respect in all of our hearts.  There is a level when you start lack of respect in all of our hearts.  There is a level when you start lack of respect in all of our hearts.  There is a level when you start getting more respect than that, then it increases. You did the getting more respect than that, then it increases. You did the getting more respect than that, then it increases. You did the work in exchange for the respect you were getting. work in exchange for the respect you were getting. What about in exchange for more? I am not guilty of all this. What about in exchange for more? I am not guilty of all this. What about in exchange for more? I am not guilty of all this. No, who knows that he is fond of it. You don't know, No, who knows that he is fond of it. You don't know, No, who knows that he is fond of it. You don't know, you don't know this, you come to you don't know this, you come to you don't know this, you come to know about it later. Bhai know about it later. Bhai know about it later. Bhai sahib, when you work, you must be doing it. Yes, then keep this in sahib, when you work, you must be doing it. Yes, then keep this in sahib, when you work, you must be doing it. Yes, then keep this in mind that sometimes the client does mind that sometimes the client does mind that sometimes the client does n't want just services, not extras. Those who know, they know. not extras. Those who know, they know. not extras. Those who know, they know. Leave it, friends, whoever you see, whoever is Leave it, friends, whoever you see, whoever is Leave it, friends, whoever you see, whoever is watching the show for the first time, there is one thing Ravi watching the show for the first time, there is one thing Ravi watching the show for the first time, there is one thing Ravi probably didn't tell you, I don't know, if you probably didn't tell you, I don't know, if you probably didn't tell you, I don't know, if you people think that why are others laughing at this, people think that why are others laughing at this, people think that why are others laughing at this, laugh and laugh, go to the laugh and laugh, go to the laugh and laugh, go to the toll and get stuck in the jam, then understand toll and get stuck in the jam, then understand toll and get stuck in the jam, then understand that wo n't Ramra [ __ ] the n't Ramra [ __ ] the n't Ramra [ __ ] the camera first. Let me tell you one thing, camera first. Let me tell you one thing, camera first. Let me tell you one thing, this is not a part of the show right now. I am telling you otherwise. this is not a part of the show right now. I am telling you otherwise. this is not a part of the show right now. I am telling you otherwise. Recently, I had uploaded a video. While Recently, I had uploaded a video. While Recently, I had uploaded a video. While I was uploading it, she went to heaven for the I was uploading it, she went to heaven for the I was uploading it, she went to heaven for the earth. earth. earth. My sister, both of your Nar's children have troubled me so much, do you My sister, both of your Nar's children have troubled me so much, do you understand? At 12:30 in the night, she called my manager understand? At 12:30 in the night, she called my manager understand? At 12:30 in the night, she called my manager on his phone and said my  Delete the video on his phone and said my  Delete the video on his phone and said my  Delete the video now his wife is lying which video should be deleted then tell me completely I said you people don't watch the video till the end tell me completely I said you people don't watch the video till the end tell me completely I said you people don't watch the video till the end so I have to so I have to so I have to put important information here yes I put important information here yes I put important information here yes I knew about your antics I am not a waiter I had knew about your antics I am not a waiter I had knew about your antics I am not a waiter I had seen your antics so seen your antics so seen your antics so friends the thing is that 8th March is the date friends the thing is that 8th March is the date friends the thing is that 8th March is the date decided where there is a very beautiful moment in every comedian's journey on decided where there is a very beautiful moment in every comedian's journey on decided where there is a very beautiful moment in every comedian's journey on which which which he tapes his first stand up special he tapes his first stand up special he tapes his first stand up special so I am taping that stand up special on so I am taping that stand up special on so I am taping that stand up special on 8th March in Gurgaon 8th March in Gurgaon 8th March in Gurgaon I have written the ticket link here in the description and have also put Samudra Pa, go and get those also put Samudra Pa, go and get those also put Samudra Pa, go and get those tickets ok now just watch the video and I am torn on him I don't even record and I am torn on him I don't even record and I am torn on him I don't even record [praise] I do [praise] I do [praise] I do n't go there you will get swept away you bastards n't go there you will get swept away you bastards what were you saying I travel travel I have given them too much what were you saying I travel travel I have given them too much what were you saying I travel travel I have given them too much respect like respect like respect like for example these days for example these days for example these days in the last two and half years wherever I am getting shows they are in the last two and half years wherever I am getting shows they are in the last two and half years wherever I am getting shows they are calling me from Hawaii jazz calling me from Hawaii jazz calling me from Hawaii jazz everywhere I mean I live in Delhi everywhere I mean I live in Delhi everywhere I mean I live in Delhi shows in Chandigarh bastards  I am calling them from Hawaii Jazz, can shows in Chandigarh bastards  I am calling them from Hawaii Jazz, can shows in Chandigarh bastards  I am calling them from Hawaii Jazz, can you see me brother, please tell me, try please tell me, try please tell me, try flying once, what do you mean, South Indian flying once, what do you mean, South Indian flying once, what do you mean, South Indian beach people, look at them, they have beach people, look at them, they have beach people, look at them, they have truth in their hearts, they have respect in their hearts, but truth in their hearts, they have respect in their hearts, but truth in their hearts, they have respect in their hearts, but they are having fun, who flies to Chandigarh, friend, a they are having fun, who flies to Chandigarh, friend, a they are having fun, who flies to Chandigarh, friend, a plane doesn't fly to Chandigarh, plane doesn't fly to Chandigarh, plane doesn't fly to Chandigarh, Chandigarh, you see, they make them fly so high, but the Chandigarh, you see, they make them fly so high, but the Chandigarh, you see, they make them fly so high, but the cars below are in a torn condition, cars below are in a torn condition, cars below are in a torn condition, we are so inefficient, if anyone has gone by we are so inefficient, if anyone has gone by we are so inefficient, if anyone has gone by plane to Chandigarh from Delhi, then there is no plane to Chandigarh from Delhi, then there is no plane to Chandigarh from Delhi, then there is no person more despicable than you, that you person more despicable than you, that you person more despicable than you, that you harassed any airline, you had harassed any airline, you had harassed any airline, you had counted a good number of passengers in the Innova, they did not, and before that, let me clarify one more thing, they did not, and before that, let me clarify one more thing, they did not, and before that, let me clarify one more thing, if by chance someone has if by chance someone has if by chance someone has not boarded a plane, let me clarify it for them, they are not boarded a plane, let me clarify it for them, they are not boarded a plane, let me clarify it for them, they are calling me by plane to do shows, but they are calling me by plane to do shows, but they are calling me by plane to do shows, but they are calling me only to places where there calling me only to places where there calling me only to places where there is an airport, this is basic, there are is an airport, this is basic, there are no scientific jokes at all in the show, no scientific jokes at all in the show, no scientific jokes at all in the show, you can go by plane only to places you can go by plane only to places you can go by plane only to places where there is an airport, basic means you where there is an airport, basic means you where there is an airport, basic means you can go even to places where there is no airport, but can go even to places where there is no airport, but can go even to places where there is no airport, but as a You don't plan that surprise landing, You don't plan that surprise landing, You don't plan that surprise landing, after you leave someone says it was written by them, oh after you leave someone says it was written by them, oh you should have told about it like this, oh you are having fun, you think, you should have told about it like this, oh you are having fun, you think, you should have told about it like this, oh you are having fun, you think, you have a flight from Delhi to Jaipur, randomly you have a flight from Delhi to Jaipur, randomly you have a flight from Delhi to Jaipur, randomly Bhilwara has arrived, it will be a disaster, you will not be a disaster, Bhilwara has arrived, it will be a disaster, you will not be a disaster, Bhilwara has arrived, it will be a disaster, you will not be a disaster, forget it, the whole of Bhilwara will be a disaster, oh brother the plane has landed, oh disaster, oh brother the plane has landed, oh disaster, oh brother the plane has landed, oh where did the bus move, it did where did the bus move, it did where did the bus move, it did not land, so this is this and I mean friend, see not land, so this is this and I mean friend, see not land, so this is this and I mean friend, see how I am telling you this, recently how I am telling you this, recently how I am telling you this, recently we actually went to Bhilwara to do a we actually went to Bhilwara to do a we actually went to Bhilwara to do a show, if anyone from Rajasthan would show, if anyone from Rajasthan would show, if anyone from Rajasthan would know, it is a very small town know, it is a very small town know, it is a very small town district, the people there are very nice, it is a very district, the people there are very nice, it is a very district, the people there are very nice, it is a very cute city and those people are very chill, cute city and those people are very chill, cute city and those people are very chill, they are chill with cars and buses, they do they are chill with cars and buses, they do they are chill with cars and buses, they do n't even need a green day because when so many people did n't even need a green day because when so many people did n't even need a green day because when so many people did not come, they were saying they would come by road, not come, they were saying they would come by road, not come, they were saying they would come by road, nine people would come in a Nova, nine people would come in a Nova, nine people would come in a Nova, yes, if you spread a lap for one, they would come, yes, if you spread a lap for one, they would come, yes, if you spread a lap for one, they would come, brother, brother, brother, I got a chance to go to Bhilwara, so after a very long I got a chance to go to Bhilwara, so after a very long I got a chance to go to Bhilwara, so after a very long time, the thing that I want to time, the thing that I want to time, the thing that I want to share is that after almost 7 and a half years, share is that after almost 7 and a half years, share is that after almost 7 and a half years, I sat in a train.  And the thing that I realized that day was that we were I sat in a train.  And the thing that I realized that day was that we were traveling in planes for so long that there is a huge difference between the train and the plane traveling in planes for so long that there is a huge difference between the train and the plane traveling in planes for so long that there is a huge difference between the train and the plane driver, driver, driver, literally, I just told you basic jokes brother, literally, I just told you basic jokes brother, literally, I just told you basic jokes brother, no, we did not know Christopher, no, we did not know Christopher, no, we did not know Christopher, desi Aditi Chopra, there is a huge difference between respect and Chopra, there is a huge difference between respect and Chopra, there is a huge difference between respect and money, what about money, hat, that money, let me money, what about money, hat, that money, let me money, what about money, hat, that money, let me tell you, yes the money is not there today, it is tell you, yes the money is not there today, it is tell you, yes the money is not there today, it is not there tomorrow either, not there tomorrow either, not there tomorrow either, they know, you are considering it yours, no, either there is a they know, you are considering it yours, no, either there is a they know, you are considering it yours, no, either there is a difference in respect, like difference in respect, like difference in respect, like I will give you an example, I will give you an example, I will give you an example, you are getting so much respect in the train, it is only we people you are getting so much respect in the train, it is only we people you are getting so much respect in the train, it is only we people who have started insulting the train, who have started insulting the train, who have started insulting the train, we people who we people who we people who look down upon the railways, that you are not understanding that look down upon the railways, that you are not understanding that look down upon the railways, that you are not understanding that look at the railways, you go to any railway station of this country, even look at the railways, you go to any railway station of this country, even look at the railways, you go to any railway station of this country, even where the train does not where the train does not where the train does not stop, stop, stop, there too they have written in big caps there too they have written in big caps there too they have written in big caps on the board that the railways is your property, on the board that the railways is your property, on the board that the railways is your property, what are you talking about what are you talking about what are you talking about sister, I was 11 years old when I came to know about this sister, I was 11 years old when I came to know about this sister, I was 11 years old when I came to know about this information, I ran away, I will give you the information, I ran away, I will give you the information, I ran away, I will give you the papers, papers, papers, you are not understanding, have I fallen into the hands of some wrong person?  I will do it you are not understanding, have I fallen into the hands of some wrong person?  I will do it you are not understanding, have I fallen into the hands of some wrong person?  I will do it when their work is needed, they will leave. I got a when their work is needed, they will leave. I got a when their work is needed, they will leave. I got a call. The entire railway is call. The entire railway is call. The entire railway is sitting in despair. I tried to escape but did not sitting in despair. I tried to escape but did not sitting in despair. I tried to escape but did not go. The papers kept in the hands of important people are go. The papers kept in the hands of important people are go. The papers kept in the hands of important people are very good. very good. very good. And I am telling you to see And I am telling you to see And I am telling you to see how comfortable the railways are for you. To how comfortable the railways are for you. To how comfortable the railways are for you. To help you, suppose someone among you has a help you, suppose someone among you has a help you, suppose someone among you has a train at 7:30 am tomorrow morning. You train at 7:30 am tomorrow morning. You train at 7:30 am tomorrow morning. You catch 74. They make catch 74. They make catch 74. They make fun of you fun of you fun of you and they don't even taunt you like this. They make you calm down. On the and they don't even taunt you like this. They make you calm down. On the and they don't even taunt you like this. They make you calm down. On the contrary, they say to tell me, it's okay. It's contrary, they say to tell me, it's okay. It's contrary, they say to tell me, it's okay. It's winter time. I can't wake up. It's winter time. I can't wake up. It's winter time. I can't wake up. It's not comfortable. It's not comfortable. It's not comfortable. It's 15 minutes late. Tell me, you're crying. The 15 minutes late. Tell me, you're crying. The train is delayed by an hour and a half. How is the train delayed by an hour? My journey was for an hour. train is delayed by an hour and a half. How is the train delayed by an hour? My journey was for an hour. I am two and a half hours late without even starting. I am two and a half hours late without even starting. I am two and a half hours late without even starting. How can I explain this to anyone How can I explain this to anyone How can I explain this to anyone or you? You are not understanding this. You must have or you? You are not understanding this. You must have or you? You are not understanding this. You must have heard of this in India. You know, the heard of this in India. You know, the heard of this in India. You know, the train starts from here. First train starts from here. First train starts from here. First stop. The train is stop. The train is stop. The train is delayed there. Hey, how did you do this Kirti? We had to leave delayed there. Hey, how did you do this Kirti? We had to leave delayed there. Hey, how did you do this Kirti? We had to leave from here. from here. from here. We would have gone ahead and got stuck in the Bhaam Bhaam. How come We would have gone ahead and got stuck in the Bhaam Bhaam. How come We would have gone ahead and got stuck in the Bhaam Bhaam. How come [praise]? [praise]? [praise]? I am telling them this.  Yes, I am I am telling them this.  Yes, I am I am telling them this.  Yes, I am station master, listen to me, there is an engine standing there, bring the station master, listen to me, there is an engine standing there, bring the station master, listen to me, there is an engine standing there, bring the engine, attach eight coaches and let's take it away, no engine, attach eight coaches and let's take it away, no engine, attach eight coaches and let's take it away, no one will come to know, he is saying it through your ears, one will come to know, he is saying it through your ears, one will come to know, he is saying it through your ears, you are not understanding, the driver sitting in the engine is you are not understanding, the driver sitting in the engine is you are not understanding, the driver sitting in the engine is saying, Railways is my property, the whole saying, Railways is my property, the whole game is all about paper, brother, the whole game is all about game is all about paper, brother, the whole game is all about game is all about paper, brother, the whole game is all about paper, there is comfort in Railways, paper, there is comfort in Railways, paper, there is comfort in Railways, on the other hand, see, if you on the other hand, see, if you on the other hand, see, if you take an air ticket, I don't understand, take an air ticket, I don't understand, take an air ticket, I don't understand, friends, I have not travelled internationally, friends, I have not travelled internationally, friends, I have not travelled internationally, so I am not telling you on that basis, I am so I am not telling you on that basis, I am so I am not telling you on that basis, I am telling you about this country, what kind of telling you about this country, what kind of telling you about this country, what kind of distrust is there in our country between me and the government that distrust is there in our country between me and the government that distrust is there in our country between me and the government that they have to check my ticket outside the airport, they have to check my ticket outside the airport, no, I have a problem with my mental balance that I left the hustle and bustle that I left the hustle and bustle that I left the hustle and bustle of the city and went to the airport at of the city and went to the airport at of the city and went to the airport at 5 in the morning in the ravines, 25-30 kilometers away, without a ticket, ravines, 25-30 kilometers away, without a ticket, just to check that the plane is standing there, I am a man of the earth, what is the I am a man of the earth, what is the I am a man of the earth, what is the problem, why are you people not understanding that and I problem, why are you people not understanding that and I problem, why are you people not understanding that and I mean, you go, I am saying, you people are mean, you go, I am saying, you people are mean, you go, I am saying, you people are checking tickets outside, these airlines used to do it, checking tickets outside, these airlines used to do it, checking tickets outside, these airlines used to do it, recently they have reduced it a bit. recently they have reduced it a bit. recently they have reduced it a bit. You see, firstly I am not able to understand that air You see, firstly I am not able to understand that air travel has become so expensive, you are travel has become so expensive, you are travel has become so expensive, you are charging 89000 for a ticket, even after that you are charging 89000 for a ticket, even after that you are charging 89000 for a ticket, even after that you are not giving comfort, you people, in train travel, if not giving comfort, you people, in train travel, if not giving comfort, you people, in train travel, if you go to drop someone without a ticket, you you go to drop someone without a ticket, you you go to drop someone without a ticket, you think that the boarding is from Delhi, you go to think that the boarding is from Delhi, you go to think that the boarding is from Delhi, you go to Gurgaon and lie down till Gurgaon and lie down till Gurgaon and lie down till someone boards or gets off from Gurgaon, friend, there is no comfort in airlines, on the contrary, friend, there is no comfort in airlines, on the contrary, friend, there is no comfort in airlines, on the contrary, if any of us has a flight at 6 o'clock tomorrow morning, if any of us has a flight at 6 o'clock tomorrow morning, if any of us has a flight at 6 o'clock tomorrow morning, you know, they call a day before from an you know, they call a day before from an you know, they call a day before from an unknown number, from a number which is unknown number, from a number which is unknown number, from a number which is not in any phone directory, saying not in any phone directory, saying not in any phone directory, saying listen, come at 9 o'clock, where do you come, where do you come, where do you come, brother, I don't do all this, brother, I don't do all this, brother, I don't do all this, I don't know where your air travel is, if it is not I don't know where your air travel is, if it is not I don't know where your air travel is, if it is not for that, why does your mother for that, why does your mother for that, why does your mother come at 3 o'clock, it is at 6 o'clock, the bastard is saying come at 3 come at 3 o'clock, it is at 6 o'clock, the bastard is saying come at 3 come at 3 o'clock, it is at 6 o'clock, the bastard is saying come at 3 o'clock, I will drop you, o'clock, I will drop you, o'clock, I will drop you, casually, how are you talking, I will casually, how are you talking, I will casually, how are you talking, I will leave it, I will drop you, aunt's aunt is leave it, I will drop you, aunt's aunt is leave it, I will drop you, aunt's aunt is saying no, no, leave all that, tell me that saying no, no, leave all that, tell me that saying no, no, leave all that, tell me that big bag in your bag  I took it which comes up to my big bag in your bag  I took it which comes up to my big bag in your bag  I took it which comes up to my chest, I said yes absolutely I took it, he is saying chest, I said yes absolutely I took it, he is saying chest, I said yes absolutely I took it, he is saying come at one o'clock, you are crazy, I had to take you to the city, city, city, why are you calling me so early, why are you calling me so early, why are you calling me so early, he and I know the he and I know the he and I know the biggest grief was that he said that I had biggest grief was that he said that I had biggest grief was that he said that I had two techies, he said brother the plane has two techies, he said brother the plane has two techies, he said brother the plane has flown, flown, flown, your two techies are not letting you, don't mind your two techies are not letting you, don't mind your two techies are not letting you, don't mind taking the dead body in the train, no taking the dead body in the train, no taking the dead body in the train, no one is saying I should take it saying I should take it saying I should take it apple for apple in the flight first, I am saying come on, the apple in the flight first, I am saying come on, the apple in the flight first, I am saying come on, the security will be tight, it's okay, security will be tight, it's okay, security will be tight, it's okay, you opened such an expensive card, the you opened such an expensive card, the you opened such an expensive card, the security friend, you should see, the bastard is security friend, you should see, the bastard is security friend, you should see, the bastard is outside me saying first show the ticket, okay I showed it, outside me saying first show the ticket, okay I showed it, outside me saying first show the ticket, okay I showed it, go inside, they go inside, they go inside, they check your ID on the booking pass, first you get your luggage, if you have put it in it, have you brought it, I will check your ID on the booking pass, first you get your luggage, if you have put it in it, have you brought it, I will check your ID on the booking pass, first you get your luggage, if you have put it in it, have you brought it, I will tell you, you tell you, you tell you, you see sister, see sister, see sister, see what all have I put in, see what all have I put in, see what all have I put in, or should I pick you up at 11:30 because of your father, or should I pick you up at 11:30 because of your father, or should I pick you up at 11:30 because of your father, I have to give you the techie, if you have put it in, then they I have to give you the techie, if you have put it in, then they check it there, then you go, check it there, then you go, check it there, then you go, then the police check you, your then the police check you, your then the police check you, your hand bags are scanned separately, then they make you hand bags are scanned separately, then they make you hand bags are scanned separately, then they make you sit somewhere, then  You sit somewhere, then  You sit somewhere, then  You sit for so many hours and then say come sit for so many hours and then say come sit for so many hours and then say come birding birding birding then they check the birding pass birding birding birding then they check the birding pass birding birding birding then they check the birding pass then when you are going on a flight or by then when you are going on a flight or by then when you are going on a flight or by bus they check the ticket once again down there bus they check the ticket once again down there bus they check the ticket once again down there after that when you after that when you after that when you board the high-speed train you see sisters what kind of board the high-speed train you see sisters what kind of behavior is this have behavior is this have behavior is this have you seen the currency how many li's have you got so much you seen the currency how many li's have you got so much you seen the currency how many li's have you got so much Gandhiji Gandhiji Gandhiji on the other hand you will on the other hand you will on the other hand you will not be surprised to know the day before yesterday my friend Arpan not be surprised to know the day before yesterday my friend Arpan not be surprised to know the day before yesterday my friend Arpan dropped me to the engine in Aqua dropped me to the engine in Aqua dropped me to the engine in Aqua and talked to the train driver brother the and talked to the train driver brother the and talked to the train driver brother the boy is new drive slowly only our trains are filled and drive slowly only our trains are filled and drive slowly only our trains are filled and there those bastards I am saying come on you do there those bastards I am saying come on you do there those bastards I am saying come on you do security do security but don't make fun of the security do security but don't make fun of the security do security but don't make fun of the passengers you go they are saying first passengers you go they are saying first passengers you go they are saying first you become Jesus I am not you become Jesus I am not you become Jesus I am not listening to me oh you are you you have to be secular listening to me oh you are you you have to be secular listening to me oh you are you you have to be secular crazy they are telling you to do one thing crazy they are telling you to do one thing crazy they are telling you to do one thing take out the coins and keep them why take out the coins take out the coins and keep them why take out the coins take out the coins and keep them why take out the coins say they are made of metal so what happens the say they are made of metal so what happens the say they are made of metal so what happens the terrorists touch something in the metal terrorists touch something in the metal terrorists touch something in the metal after that there is a boom should I after that there is a boom should I after that there is a boom should I take it out he is saying why I said it is my take it out he is saying why I said it is my take it out he is saying why I said it is my hard earned money four one each four one each four one each Sikh I said am I a beggar to you I Sikh I said am I a beggar to you I Sikh I said am I a beggar to you I mean how are you talking so much mean how are you talking so much mean how are you talking so much after taking 8000 from me after taking 8000 from me after taking 8000 from me I am saying you are a good citizen I am saying you are a good citizen I am saying you are a good citizen take out the coins no problem I took them out you are take out the coins no problem I took them out you are take out the coins no problem I took them out you are saying take out the belt and keep it I saying take out the belt and keep it I saying take out the belt and keep it I what about the belt the belt should also be made of metal not leather what about the belt the belt should also be made of metal not leather what about the belt the belt should also be made of metal not leather some chemical is put inside the leather and that some chemical is put inside the leather and that some chemical is put inside the leather and that too I said everything bu and let me tell you I sincerely and let me tell you I sincerely and let me tell you I sincerely want to help the country so much I do want to help the country so much I do want to help the country so much I do n't have any problem I have so much n't have any problem I have so much n't have any problem I have so much problem it is dependent on the belt if I remove the belt the terrorist attacks that will happen after that are is dependent on the belt if I remove the belt the terrorist attacks that will happen after that are is dependent on the belt if I remove the belt the terrorist attacks that will happen after that are just boom just boom just boom they are not moving ahead of boom you are they are not moving ahead of boom you are they are not moving ahead of boom you are not comfortable you are not comfortable from whom you are not able to be not comfortable you are not comfortable from whom you are not able to be not comfortable you are not comfortable from whom you are not able to be comfortable and brother that will happen comfortable and brother that will happen comfortable and brother that will happen you keep quiet for a while you keep quiet for a while you keep quiet for a while when such good jokes are being played it is necessary to put your dirty ones when such good jokes are being played it is necessary to put your dirty ones when such good jokes are being played it is necessary to put your dirty ones or I am lightening up so you or I am lightening up so you or I am lightening up so you do it do it do it okay I have set up such a good love studio okay I have set up such a good love studio you have just got married it will be fine no you don't understand I am saying these no you don't understand I am saying these no you don't understand I am saying these security at the airport are very Mashaallah  It is security at the airport are very Mashaallah  It is security at the airport are very Mashaallah  It is tight, on the other hand, in the tight, on the other hand, in the tight, on the other hand, in the name of security in the Railways, they are name of security in the Railways, they are name of security in the Railways, they are pretending and let me tell you about this hypocrisy, pretending and let me tell you about this hypocrisy, pretending and let me tell you about this hypocrisy, my personal thought is that this pretense has to be fulfilled always, the other person feels my personal thought is that this pretense has to be fulfilled always, the other person feels my personal thought is that this pretense has to be fulfilled always, the other person feels hi, understand this meaning, hi, understand this meaning, hi, understand this meaning, like the boys do like the boys do like the boys do in relationships that girls think this is my in relationships that girls think this is my in relationships that girls think this is my night and shining arm, this is this, night and shining arm, this is this, after that the arm comes off, torn underwear, just like the railway people do, the underwear, just like the railway people do, the underwear, just like the railway people do, the railway people have pretended to such a level railway people have pretended to such a level railway people have pretended to such a level that you will feel that maybe they will not that you will feel that maybe they will not that you will feel that maybe they will not die, who die, who die, who knows, they might die, you see, knows, they might die, you see, knows, they might die, you see, for your security, the Railways is making an announcement for your security, the Railways is making an announcement for your security, the Railways is making an announcement that Indian Railways wishes you a comfortable and smooth that Indian Railways wishes you a comfortable and smooth that Indian Railways wishes you a comfortable and smooth journey, journey, journey, you just try and you just try and you just try and wish for it, wish for it, wish for it, we both are on the same level, we both are on the same level, we both are on the same level, oh God, why are you saying that they should oh God, why are you saying that they should oh God, why are you saying that they should not be protected, it does not matter, it must not have been written by them, let me not be protected, it does not matter, it must not have been written by them, let me not be protected, it does not matter, it must not have been written by them, let me tell you, tell you, tell you, they have kept the security protocol so strict in the railway station that no they have kept the security protocol so strict in the railway station that no they have kept the security protocol so strict in the railway station that no one can break it, I one can break it, I one can break it, I mean, you see, for railway security, mean, you see, for railway security, mean, you see, for railway security, they have taken a wooden frame and called it they have taken a wooden frame and called it they have taken a wooden frame and called it security, thinking security, thinking security, thinking that it will do everything.  The scan is that it will do everything.  The scan is that it will do everything.  The scan is happening, how your child is growing, everything is happening, how your child is growing, everything is happening, how your child is growing, everything is visible, visible, visible, so many divine machines have been installed, that divine machine in the so many divine machines have been installed, that divine machine in the so many divine machines have been installed, that divine machine in the name of security makes a sound, beware, name of security makes a sound, beware, name of security makes a sound, beware, Tutu, my love, you should bear Tutu, you should my love, you should bear Tutu, you should my love, you should bear Tutu, you should never go out, I have a real pistol and gunpowder, never go out, I have a real pistol and gunpowder, never go out, I have a real pistol and gunpowder, SN Owner of Railways, what is the joke, stay with me, don't lag behind, Railways, what is the joke, stay with me, don't lag behind, Railways, what is the joke, stay with me, don't lag behind, SA Owner of Railways, so many times I took a real SA Owner of Railways, so many times I took a real SA Owner of Railways, so many times I took a real pistol and gunpowder for testing, that was last month in September, I had a month in September, I had a month in September, I had a train from Nizamuddin Railway Station, train from Nizamuddin Railway Station, train from Nizamuddin Railway Station, that damn wooden frame is broken, that damn wooden frame is broken, that damn wooden frame is broken, understand, now it is not even doing Tutu, understand, now it is not even doing Tutu, understand, now it is not even doing Tutu, I have come out with the bag, there is a I have come out with the bag, there is a I have come out with the bag, there is a policeman in uniform behind me, brother, Tutu, I want you to respect the duty at least, friend, I want you to respect the duty at least, friend, I want you to respect the duty at least, friend, and like him, I said, they always keep the pretense, and like him, I said, they always keep the pretense, and like him, I said, they always keep the pretense, you should see, when you go inside, they have you should see, when you go inside, they have you should see, when you go inside, they have installed a baggage scanning machine in which installed a baggage scanning machine in which installed a baggage scanning machine in which you feel that your baggage is being scanned, you feel that your baggage is being scanned, you feel that your baggage is being scanned, it is not connected to electricity, on the it is not connected to electricity, on the it is not connected to electricity, on the other side, the Railway Protection Force people are other side, the Railway Protection Force people are other side, the Railway Protection Force people are pulling the strip with their hands and because of completing the task, they have and because of completing the task, they have and because of completing the task, they have a wire, such a thin wire, there a wire, such a thin wire, there a wire, such a thin wire, there is a computer there.  It is installed in it, is a computer there.  It is installed in it, is a computer there.  It is installed in it, you are thinking wow my luggage is being scanned, hey you are thinking wow my luggage is being scanned, hey you are thinking wow my luggage is being scanned, hey go and see, the go and see, the go and see, the policeman sitting in the computer is playing cards and policeman sitting in the computer is playing cards and policeman sitting in the computer is playing cards and asking me which card in solitaire, hey asking me which card in solitaire, hey asking me which card in solitaire, hey then open the cards and the passengers will be scanned, bastard, let then open the cards and the passengers will be scanned, bastard, let then open the cards and the passengers will be scanned, bastard, let me tell you here, there is nothing me tell you here, there is nothing me tell you here, there is nothing you should feel bad about, now we you should feel bad about, now we you should feel bad about, now we all are a family in which some people are strange, so let me tell you, I do not wish this so let me tell you, I do not wish this so let me tell you, I do not wish this for anyone from my heart, for anyone from my heart, for anyone from my heart, but you know, if terrorist attacks are but you know, if terrorist attacks are but you know, if terrorist attacks are not happening at the railway station at not happening at the railway station at not happening at the railway station at present because the terrorists are not enjoying it, present because the terrorists are not enjoying it, present because the terrorists are not enjoying it, their challenge is over, they are their challenge is over, they are their challenge is over, they are delivering bombs like Zepto, delivering bombs like Zepto, delivering bombs like Zepto, no one is going to stop them and even after that, let no one is going to stop them and even after that, let no one is going to stop them and even after that, let me tell you, if you still feel me tell you, if you still feel me tell you, if you still feel that I am speaking ill of the Railways, I am that I am speaking ill of the Railways, I am that I am speaking ill of the Railways, I am not speaking ill of them, I mean I am speaking ill of them, not speaking ill of them, I mean I am speaking ill of them, not speaking ill of them, I mean I am speaking ill of them, you should not feel that you should not feel that you should not feel that you people are wearing a cloak, let you people are wearing a cloak, let you people are wearing a cloak, let me tell you how much difference there is between airlines, me tell you how much difference there is between airlines, me tell you how much difference there is between airlines, airways, railways, in this plane, you would airways, railways, in this plane, you would airways, railways, in this plane, you would know that if ever it happens to you that there is know that if ever it happens to you that there is know that if ever it happens to you that there is less leg room because the planes are small, then less leg room because the planes are small, then less leg room because the planes are small, then You say hey listen they You say hey listen they You say hey listen they open their legs a little and say give me 2000 quickly open their legs a little and say give me 2000 quickly open their legs a little and say give me 2000 quickly what happened friend that emergency exit sister what happened friend that emergency exit sister what happened friend that emergency exit sister [ __ ] is saying emergency exit 2002 open it now open your [ __ ] is saying emergency exit 2002 open it now open your [ __ ] is saying emergency exit 2002 open it now open your legs what a dirty deal it is these legs what a dirty deal it is these legs what a dirty deal it is these in Thailand open for 800 and after that open your legs go on it is your and after that open your legs go on it is your and after that open your legs go on it is your wish whoever you want you open your legs she is saying wish whoever you want you open your legs she is saying wish whoever you want you open your legs she is saying then it is your responsibility I then it is your responsibility I then it is your responsibility I said what responsibility are you saying open the gate who is coming what is this who is coming what is this what kind of responsibility is this to pay money what kind of responsibility is this to pay money what kind of responsibility is this to pay money if you do not know for if you do not know for if you do not know for your kind information there is an emergency exit in railways too has your kind information there is an emergency exit in railways too has your kind information there is an emergency exit in railways too has anyone seen it anyone seen it anyone seen it today it is not visible because people are today it is not visible because people are today it is not visible because people are taking entry from it you should ever look you are lying on the side floor you should ever look you are lying on the side floor you should ever look you are lying on the side floor three boys suddenly what happened brother what happened brother move aside three boys suddenly what happened brother what happened brother move aside three boys suddenly what happened brother what happened brother move aside oh oh oh you can come from the main gate it is a big different thing you can come from the main gate it is a big different thing you can come from the main gate it is a big different thing but still still I will tell you but still still I will tell you but still still I will tell you how much trust we have in railways you how much trust we have in railways you how much trust we have in railways you listen this thing is very sweet very poetic listen this thing is very sweet very poetic listen this thing is very sweet very poetic you should see this thing you should accept that you you should see this thing you should accept that you you should see this thing you should accept that you travel in such lower berth  You are coming from far away, it is a travel in such lower berth  You are coming from far away, it is a travel in such lower berth  You are coming from far away, it is a long train journey and your long train journey and your long train journey and your train is delayed like this, normal train is delayed like this, normal train is delayed like this, normal 10-12 10-12 10-12 hours is normal, or when it is extraordinary hours is normal, or when it is extraordinary hours is normal, or when it is extraordinary then 35-40 hours is then 35-40 hours is then 35-40 hours is normal, what normal, what normal, what happened, he is going to me again, my brother-in-law left me, he must have his going to me again, my brother-in-law left me, he must have his own problems, he has gambled, own problems, he has gambled, own problems, he has gambled, what do we care, why should we think about everyone, he must have thought why should we think about everyone, he must have thought why should we think about everyone, he must have thought that come tomorrow morning at 3:00, where were we, yes, accept this usual delay, where were we, yes, accept this usual delay, where were we, yes, accept this usual delay, you are travelling alone for 10-12 hours in the train, sitting on the lower berth, you are travelling alone for 10-12 hours in the train, sitting on the lower berth, in which bad time did you book the train, being so set in which bad time did you book the train, being so set in which bad time did you book the train, being so set [laughs], I was dying to taunt you, but dying to taunt you, but dying to taunt you, but your seat on the upper side is in front  The your seat on the upper side is in front  The your seat on the upper side is in front  The unknown passenger in the lower berth who doesn't even know you unknown passenger in the lower berth who doesn't even know you unknown passenger in the lower berth who doesn't even know you just says this much, son, don't worry, we will just says this much, son, don't worry, we will just says this much, son, don't worry, we will cover it at night, you don't have self-belief, you will do it, yes, you don't have self-belief, you will do it, yes, you don't have self-belief, you will do it, yes, Jai Ho, something different happens in your mind, don't Jai Ho, something different happens in your mind, don't worry about your family, you tweet, we will do it worry about your family, you tweet, we will do it worry about your family, you tweet, we will do it at night Harry Potter came, what happened, we don't understand, but happened, we don't understand, but happened, we don't understand, but after two-three days you come to know in the newspaper that after two-three days you come to know in the newspaper that after two-three days you come to know in the newspaper that eight people, three buffaloes are standing, eight people, three buffaloes are standing, eight people, three buffaloes are standing, what is written below, it was written about them, oh but comparison, comparison, let me tell you, oh but comparison, comparison, let me tell you, oh but comparison, comparison, let me tell you, think on the other hand, think on the other hand, think on the other hand, after boarding your flight, there is a delay of two hours, after boarding your flight, there is a delay of two hours, after boarding your flight, there is a delay of two hours, but when your pilot came, he but when your pilot came, he but when your pilot came, he said, dear, don't worry, we will cover it at night, it will said, dear, don't worry, we will cover it at night, it will said, dear, don't worry, we will cover it at night, it will not break, brother, come here, come, come, we will not break, brother, come here, come, come, we will not break, brother, come here, come, come, we will not cover anything, not cover anything, not cover anything, brother, if you go to the road, your brother, if you go to the road, your brother, if you go to the road, your sister will cover it, sister flies the plane, sister will cover it, sister flies the plane, sister will cover it, sister flies the plane, keep it on the Nova of the spy Jat, we will travel on that, keep it on the Nova of the spy Jat, we will travel on that, keep it on the Nova of the spy Jat, we will travel on that, otherwise we will cover it in the next, but otherwise we will cover it in the next, but otherwise we will cover it in the next, but I had told you in the beginning also that at I had told you in the beginning also that at I had told you in the beginning also that at night, this train  If night, this train  If night, this train  If you have a train at 7:30, you catch 74. Try you have a train at 7:30, you catch 74. Try you have a train at 7:30, you catch 74. Try not to cross-question anyone, not to cross-question anyone, not to cross-question anyone, how will you do it? What is this? You can how will you do it? What is this? You can catch people just for fun. You can pull the chain. catch people just for fun. You can pull the chain. catch people just for fun. You can pull the chain. Railways is your property, Railways is your property, Railways is your property, why are you not accepting it? You should have self- why are you not accepting it? You should have self- why are you not accepting it? You should have self- belief from within. You are not understanding this. belief from within. You are not understanding this. belief from within. You are not understanding this. Before we come to the train, I Before we come to the train, I Before we come to the train, I want to tell you clearly, want to tell you clearly, want to tell you clearly, tell them later, they will tell them later, they will tell them later, they will not know. Avoid listening to half the words, do it in not know. Avoid listening to half the words, do it in not know. Avoid listening to half the words, do it in reverse. Then the tweet from Indian Railways is coming, we will Then the tweet from Indian Railways is coming, we will Then the tweet from Indian Railways is coming, we will cover you at night. So, you have to keep two things in mind, firstly, the two things in mind, firstly, the two things in mind, firstly, the chain has an emergency brake, chain has an emergency brake, chain has an emergency brake, friends, keep in mind, you guys are fine, it is a friends, keep in mind, you guys are fine, it is a friends, keep in mind, you guys are fine, it is a responsible job, do not pull it casually or accidentally. responsible job, do not pull it casually or accidentally. You should carefully see that firstly, You should carefully see that firstly, You should carefully see that firstly, you have to pull the chain after seeing whether there is a station outside, did you have to pull the chain after seeing whether there is a station outside, did you have to pull the chain after seeing whether there is a station outside, did you feel that there is a casualty or there is no cow's you feel that there is a casualty or there is no cow's you feel that there is a casualty or there is no cow's udder udder udder outside, because if you do not want to get down outside, because if you do not want to get down outside, because if you do not want to get down and you mess up, then I will and you mess up, then I will and you mess up, then I will tell you what the problem will be, the train tell you what the problem will be, the train tell you what the problem will be, the train crosses the fields.  While doing this sometimes there are crosses the fields.  While doing this sometimes there are crosses the fields.  While doing this sometimes there are sugarcane fields there now the trouble that you have sugarcane fields there now the trouble that you have sugarcane fields there now the trouble that you have taken so the railways makes sure that you eat taken so the railways makes sure that you eat taken so the railways makes sure that you eat sugarcane once sugarcane once sugarcane once but their process of feeding sugarcane but their process of feeding sugarcane but their process of feeding sugarcane is very different you come and then that come the first thing you have to take care of it the second first thing you have to take care of it the second first thing you have to take care of it the second thing you have to take care of is that this is an thing you have to take care of is that this is an thing you have to take care of is that this is an emergency break there are some trains in emergency break there are some trains in emergency break there are some trains in which food is available like which food is available like which food is available like Shatabdi Rajdhani etc so if you are doing all this then Shatabdi Rajdhani etc so if you are doing all this then Shatabdi Rajdhani etc so if you are doing all this then you should be very careful what people are you should be very careful what people are you should be very careful what people are doing at that time because some carefree person is doing at that time because some carefree person is doing at that time because some carefree person is eating Poha and the person sitting in front of him is eating Poha and the person sitting in front of him is eating Poha and the person sitting in front of him is eating curd you were selfish you pulled the trigger eating curd you were selfish you pulled the trigger eating curd you were selfish you pulled the trigger now be careful the person who is eating Poha is now be careful the person who is eating Poha is now be careful the person who is eating Poha is eating curd from the person sitting in front eating curd from the person sitting in front eating curd from the person sitting in front no do not spoil their mood no do not spoil their mood no do not spoil their mood otherwise when sugarcane Ganeria is made and fed it is an even otherwise when sugarcane Ganeria is made and fed it is an even otherwise when sugarcane Ganeria is made and fed it is an even tougher process then this and the tougher process then this and the tougher process then this and the second thing this is also fine what about both of you second thing this is also fine what about both of you second thing this is also fine what about both of you your cell phone company your cell phone company your cell phone company both the mobile phones are of the both the mobile phones are of the both the mobile phones are of the same PCO your son is having some same PCO your son is having some same PCO your son is having some problem problem problem you are standing outside you have to come you are standing outside you have to come you are standing outside you have to come back back back he has to go to Delhi he has to go to Delhi he has to go to Delhi I will I will I will leave it you have problem you have to leave leave it you have problem you have to leave leave it you have problem you have to leave or you have to lose what all  What are you doing, listen, you or you have to lose what all  What are you doing, listen, you both settle it both of you, what do you want to do, both of you, what do you want to do, both of you, what do you want to do, go, is it true, it's a rhetorical question, people don't know, whenever this question is being question, people don't know, whenever this question is being question, people don't know, whenever this question is being asked, the answer is asked, the answer is asked, the answer is in the question, like you haven't seen, I'll in the question, like you haven't seen, I'll in the question, like you haven't seen, I'll tell you, this is Amit ji's scam, have you tell you, this is Amit ji's scam, have you tell you, this is Amit ji's scam, have you seen Amit ji's, as soon as you give the seen Amit ji's, as soon as you give the seen Amit ji's, as soon as you give the correct answer, if the chair you are sitting on is the correct answer, if the chair you are sitting on is the correct answer, if the chair you are sitting on is the correct answer, then lock the D, lock the D, lock the D, correct answer, then lock the D, lock the D, lock the D, brother, you must know, brother, you must know, brother, you must know, friend, and if the answer is even slightly wrong, think about it, it's a friend, and if the answer is even slightly wrong, think about it, it's a friend, and if the answer is even slightly wrong, think about it, it's a tough question, the tough question, the tough question, the amount of money is huge, your father and sister [Prashansa] have been stolen, you are coming, very [Prashansa] have been stolen, you are coming, very good, hey, or are you absconding, you have to go to Delhi on time, will good, hey, or are you absconding, you have to go to Delhi on time, will good, hey, or are you absconding, you have to go to Delhi on time, will he be caught in the blockade, oh, you he be caught in the blockade, oh, you he be caught in the blockade, oh, you should have told this too, so I was should have told this too, so I was should have told this too, so I was calling you to tell you, but as casual as he calling you to tell you, but as casual as he calling you to tell you, but as casual as he was in life, he is casual was in life, he is casual was in life, he is casual about emergencies, friends, beware of such people because you might be considering about emergencies, friends, beware of such people because you might be considering about emergencies, friends, beware of such people because you might be considering them as friends, listen, there's an emergency at my house, I'll them as friends, listen, there's an emergency at my house, I'll them as friends, listen, there's an emergency at my house, I'll come after listening to three jokes, hey, my blood pressure is rising, but now, my blood pressure is rising, but now, my blood pressure is rising, but now, listen to me, my  Let me listen to me, my  Let me listen to me, my  Let me understand once because how come you came with someone, understand once because how come you came with someone, understand once because how come you came with someone, you are alone brother, you are alone brother, you are alone brother, if I request you, if I request you, if I request you, you can fill this chair, please, it's not a no no you can fill this chair, please, it's not a no no you can fill this chair, please, it's not a no no thing, you understand, when we thing, you understand, when we thing, you understand, when we upload the video, the public will be in upload the video, the public will be in upload the video, the public will be in trouble, you think there is a bag, trouble, you think there is a bag, trouble, you think there is a bag, what is there in the bag, people are crazy, half an hour is left, in the bag, people are crazy, half an hour is left, in the bag, people are crazy, half an hour is left, oh my god, where was the chain, oh my god, where was the chain, oh my god, where was the chain, I will tell you the story of the chain, I will tell you the story of the chain, I will tell you the story of the chain, look my friend, there is look my friend, there is look my friend, there is a Shatabdi train from Delhi, Chandigarh a Shatabdi train from Delhi, Chandigarh a Shatabdi train from Delhi, Chandigarh Shatabdi 740, listen carefully, the story, Shatabdi 740, listen carefully, the story, Shatabdi 740, listen carefully, the story, Arpan, it's 737, the station hasn't arrived Arpan, it's 737, the station hasn't arrived Arpan, it's 737, the station hasn't arrived yet, we both have to go to Chandigarh for the show, yet, we both have to go to Chandigarh for the show, yet, we both have to go to Chandigarh for the show, his call comes, 737, Inder, I am late, his call comes, 737, Inder, I am late, stop the train and hang up the phone, stop the train and hang up the phone, stop the train and hang up the phone, hey, I have these powers, hey, I have these powers, hey, I have these powers, my one touch, I am roaming down in the train with my laptop my one touch, I am roaming down in the train with my laptop my one touch, I am roaming down in the train with my laptop bag, brother, bag, brother, bag, brother, how can you stop the train, how can you stop the train, how can you stop the train, what do you mean, there is no money in your bag, you are what do you mean, there is no money in your bag, you are talking nonsense, talking nonsense, talking nonsense, friend, I got a call from him on 739, saying friend, I got a call from him on 739, saying friend, I got a call from him on 739, saying Inder, and if you don't stop the train, then Inder, and if you don't stop the train, then Inder, and if you don't stop the train, then pull the chain, what is your first plan pull the chain, what is your first plan pull the chain, what is your first plan I was going to get cut like a buffalo by the train, there was a delay because I was going to get cut like a buffalo by the train, there was a delay because I was going to get cut like a buffalo by the train, there was a delay because the buffalo is in half and there were announcements going on too, dear half and there were announcements going on too, dear half and there were announcements going on too, dear friends, did they have friends, did they have friends, did they have any any any meaning in what they had written, now listen to me, it was 740 meaning in what they had written, now listen to me, it was 740 meaning in what they had written, now listen to me, it was 740 and it was the day of the railways' surprise test, and it was the day of the railways' surprise test, and it was the day of the railways' surprise test, what happens on this day, they would what happens on this day, they would what happens on this day, they would leave the train on time, leave the train on time, leave the train on time, hey, there were no sewing tests in school, hey, there were no sewing tests in school, hey, there were no sewing tests in school, when the teacher came and said, oh now it's over, that day the railways also did the same, the TT blew his horn and that day the railways also did the same, the TT blew his horn and that day the railways also did the same, the TT blew his horn and showed everyone that the train has left, my uncle is in the train, I have to go to my uncle is in the train, I have to go to my uncle is in the train, I have to go to Chandigarh for a show, son, Arpan has Chandigarh for a show, son, Arpan has Chandigarh for a show, son, Arpan has not come, and I am not able to understand, not come, and I am not able to understand, not come, and I am not able to understand, just remember Arpan, pull the chain, aunty was leaving, just remember Arpan, pull the chain, aunty was leaving, just remember Arpan, pull the chain, aunty was leaving, I said, chan, I said, chan, I said, chan, you are not understanding, this is my daily work, this is you are not understanding, this is my daily work, this is you are not understanding, this is my daily work, this is my daily work, my daily work, my daily work, brother, you understand what I am saying, the train has left, brother, you understand what I am saying, the train has left, brother, you understand what I am saying, the train has left, aunty has stopped, there is aunty has stopped, there is aunty has stopped, there is strength in the chain, by the way, it strength in the chain, by the way, it strength in the chain, by the way, it depends which one you pull, if depends which one you pull, if depends which one you pull, if you pull this one, the life of the person stops in the throat, you pull this one, the life of the person stops in the throat, you pull this one, the life of the person stops in the throat, but you are not understanding what but you are not understanding what but you are not understanding what I have done with aunty, after all, I have to  I I have done with aunty, after all, I have to  I I have done with aunty, after all, I have to  I realized that aunty was running away for some purpose, realized that aunty was running away for some purpose, realized that aunty was running away for some purpose, you understand that when someone is running away, he has a you understand that when someone is running away, he has a you understand that when someone is running away, he has a destination in his mind, I destination in his mind, I destination in his mind, I immediately showed the roof to the destination, I offered a sip of sips, sat quietly, yes brother, thank you very much, sat quietly, yes brother, thank you very much, sat quietly, yes brother, thank you very much, keeping the love of brother to brother, you keeping the love of brother to brother, you keeping the love of brother to brother, you watched the video till the end, so as I promised watched the video till the end, so as I promised watched the video till the end, so as I promised you in the previous video, we have you in the previous video, we have you in the previous video, we have uploaded a new video and if you uploaded a new video and if you uploaded a new video and if you look at it together, I have brought almost an hour of content in look at it together, I have brought almost an hour of content in look at it together, I have brought almost an hour of content in front of you all front of you all front of you all within a month and a quarter, now you have to within a month and a quarter, now you have to within a month and a quarter, now you have to fulfill your responsibility friends, the message that I fulfill your responsibility friends, the message that I fulfill your responsibility friends, the message that I gave you, you have to buy the tickets, on 8th gave you, you have to buy the tickets, on 8th gave you, you have to buy the tickets, on 8th March it is a very special show, March it is a very special show, March it is a very special show, I have made a show on my father, you all should I have made a show on my father, you all should I have made a show on my father, you all should come and be a part of it, come with your family, come and be a part of it, come with your family, come and be a part of it, come with your family, if you don't even live in Gurgaon, if you if you don't even live in Gurgaon, if you if you don't even live in Gurgaon, if you know someone, please recommend them, there is a know someone, please recommend them, there is a know someone, please recommend them, there is a ticket link in the description, there is a ticket link in the description, there is a ticket link in the description, there is a ticket link in the first comment, and ticket link in the first comment, and ticket link in the first comment, and we are coming to tour many more cities, come to the live show we are coming to tour many more cities, come to the live show we are coming to tour many more cities, come to the live show so that we can tell you new content from YouTube, but these are some of the things that YouTube, but these are some of the things that YouTube, but these are some of the things that I have noticed, I think  I hope you I have noticed, I think  I hope you I have noticed, I think  I hope you guys will try to understand these taunts that guys will try to understand these taunts that guys will try to understand these taunts that I have made are some of my observations I have made are some of my observations I have made are some of my observations which I feel that these things can be corrected, which I feel that these things can be corrected, which I feel that these things can be corrected, many things have improved but these many things have improved but these many things have improved but these things can also be corrected now, so if it happens then nothing things can also be corrected now, so if it happens then nothing things can also be corrected now, so if it happens then nothing like it like it like it and that's it, I mean you enjoy the video, it will be and that's it, I mean you enjoy the video, it will be and that's it, I mean you enjoy the video, it will be written here like here, share here, written here like here, share here, written here like here, share here, subscribe here, so you like, share and subscribe subscribe here, so you like, share and subscribe subscribe here, so you like, share and subscribe and hugs and kisses as usual and we will and hugs and kisses as usual and we will and hugs and kisses as usual and we will meet very soon with some other new video, for meet very soon with some other new video, for meet very soon with some other new video, for now you keep sharing these videos in Pelam Pali now you keep sharing these videos in Pelam Pali now you keep sharing these videos in Pelam Pali and enjoy, okay, and enjoy, okay, and enjoy, okay, enjoy full fun, comment to comment see you very soon enjoy full fun, comment to comment see you very soon