Hello everyone Mr. Mani welcome to my
YouTube channel and today is Miu's first day
at school
Okay, from today the children's schools are
finally opening and the rush for Aman is going to start because you will have to
wake up in the morning daily at 7:00 am,
first of all Mirlal will go, after that
when Mirlal will go, then first Amal will go,
then Amal will go, then Mirlal will
go, after that first Milu will be on leave,
then Amal will be on leave and M1's
leave will be at 2:30 in the afternoon.
So are you guys excited?
New class, new friends, yes? New
class, new friends. Now you have joined the sibling club, is
n't it Amal? It's mirrorless, isn't it Amal? Sibling
Ji? Yes. Are
you guys excited? Say something
?
What happens in August? There are
birthdays too.
Yes, Meeru also has a birthday.
Pakistan Independence Day.
Hey guys. So I remember my school
days, when our school holidays were ending, I
swear I did not feel like
going to school. Brother, schools were also like this,
friend, I mean, they were not that bad
but in school, for example, there were
seven to eight periods, our first period was
assembly, after assembly, English and
Maths, after that brother, there was a gap of 45-15 minutes, it could be done
in 15 minutes in between,
and one PT class, my
most favourite was the physical training class
because the teacher did not do anything, he used to say, take
this bat and ball, go and play cricket, this is
your training, come on,
I will not
look at it friend, the earlier schools for children, like
our schools, which were
big conventional schools, the same
letter was removed in them [Music] that was that
retaliation is the best qualification for
examination. The schools of today are very
activity based and children
also enjoy going to school.
Children get excited about school.
As a matter of fact, there are no voting uniforms like there used to be.
And there are
no such strictness either. I mean, we were like, well
[music] when I was studying, I mean, who
knows, your children being intelligent, they're
not strict. Can you just answer me?
What?
Well this is the thing, if with me, I mean when
I was in school, if the teacher was as
polite with me as she is with Amar Mirral, then
seriously, I would have been a doctor, Mashallah, so
children like us
need strictness, brother, if there is strictness, then Mashallah, this is the
situation, if there is no strictness, then what is
good, anyway, so girls are going to school
and from now on, Aiman's situation is going to
change a lot because earlier,
why is it going to change for them, earlier, a
child used to go to school, so now Aiman ​​used to get
some time, after leaving school,
Amal,
I will get more time now because
I will go to the gym in the morning, I will go
for my Pilas, I want to
enjoy my life like a new
modern mall, oy hoye hoye wah wah door ke dhol
suhane
[Music] Let the school open and let the children
come and go,
yes brother Kamal,
what happened,
tell me something good about the school.
What do you like the most about this school?
Yes, tell me.
And Meeru, you tell me.
I am busy with my birthday.
Actually, Mirror knows that the birthday is happening.
[Music] I told him,
son, it's your birthday. There are going to be a lot of
gifts. You have to share it
with Amal. So since that time, the
only thing that is on his mind is my birthday.
My gifts are about to arrive. It's my
birthday. My gifts are about to arrive.
Yes. Yes Is
it the first day of school or the
first day on the plane?
Tell Me What You Making?
Paratha.
Which one with potatoes? [MUSIC]
Okay, okay.
Wow classroom.
Really nice [Music]
Outside mirror
Shoes off
Yes friend what a nice first day it is School gone
[Music] If it were ours then friend it would be the first day of school Let's go
Ji, prayers come on the lips in the form of Daman
I have studied for the first four years Prayers come on the roof
Today I understood after going to some four or five classes
that brother,
prayers come on the lips but do not come on the roof
Oven yes you like it like this take
your food come let's do some
cooking Veeru come let's do some
cooking come come
check what is cooked for dinner today Oho
cabbage here
brother let's check is water coming here brother
water is not coming right absolutely right there is
no water in the taps of Karachi [Music]. If you have such a water
tank, you should also have a phone along with it, brother. The
tanker owner's number should be installed. Bhaijaan, please bring the
tanker. The water is finished. The
guests are coming.
Okay guys, so we've dropped middle school off at her
school and now we're going to have some Ramon. Take a
brisk walk. Now we are going to the
school for the older children. Meaning Amal's
school because Amal has reached class two.
Mashallah, we will
talk about the rest after the generator. As the
class gets bigger, school gets boring.
And when you reach eighth ninth
standard then Mashallah
absolutely just books books books
saved again again two more chances wait wait wait wait
three step
let's go brother one oh come out come out
come ready no
problem okay guys
, so here we are done with their
school first day. And I thought that maybe the
classes would start from today itself, but the classes will
start three days from today.
Today was just connection day. So we are done and
now we have come to have something to eat and
I have come back from the shoot because today
was my shoot and I had specially taken time
from the production because the first day is a very special day for the children.
So it is necessary for us to
go there. Yes, production has to be
informed first. The actor is
subject to the production producer. So yes
and now I am going back to my set of
Tapish. And thank you so much for watching this
vlog and thank you so much for watching Tapash
and giving so much love to Shahza Sultan.
Whereas I should get hate but I don't know
why I get love. Thank you guys. Thank you
so much. If you have not subscribed to my channel yet then do
subscribe
my channel. Love you all.
