Ayooma, you are the one who protects everyone. you are the one who protects everyone. you are the one who protects everyone. What's the matter, my brother? As soon as he What's the matter, my brother? As soon as he What's the matter, my brother? As soon as he arrived at the temple, he bought a bed and set it up. He arrived at the temple, he bought a bed and set it up. He drank milk from the pond. He was so excited that he was in a crowd. He was so excited that he didn't know what to say. He said, "Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, drank milk from the pond. He was so excited that he was in a crowd. He was so excited that he didn't know what to say. He said, "Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, I I I was born like this. Does your uncle was born like this. Does your uncle was born like this. Does your uncle know anything? He wants to reduce his anger and know anything? He wants to reduce his anger and know anything? He wants to reduce his anger and become a good person. Your become a good person. Your become a good person. Your daughter-in-law and I hang a picture of milk and daughter-in-law and I hang a picture of milk and daughter-in-law and I hang a picture of milk and wander around like this. wander around like this. wander around like this. Who?  Is your husband my son Who?  Is your husband my son Who?  Is your husband my son ?  I had a nickname for his husband without knowing it ?  I had a nickname for his husband without knowing it ?  I had a nickname for his husband without knowing it .  That guy is .  That guy is like saying, "I'll like saying, "I'll break your skull with this very thing, my man."   If I break your skull with this very thing, my man."   If I break your skull with this very thing, my man."   If I told you to do this, would told you to do this, would told you to do this, would you do it to me? you do it to me? you do it to me? Oh, if I had done this there, Oh, if I had done this there, Oh, if I had done this there, he would he would he would have broken the entire house into pieces. have broken the entire house into pieces. have broken the entire house into pieces. So what's the point of this milk jug So what's the point of this milk jug So what's the point of this milk jug being so dirty and dirty like this being so dirty and dirty like this being so dirty and dirty like this ?  Man, I am I am I am I am I am the only I am I am I am I am I am the only I am I am I am I am I am the only one. Everyone is one. Everyone is one. Everyone is playing the game of "Dingu Dingu" and "Dingu" playing the game of "Dingu Dingu" and "Dingu" playing the game of "Dingu Dingu" and "Dingu" only when you come. How only when you come. How only when you come. How can you act for that? Only when you come, the poor people will can you act for that? Only when you come, the poor people will can you act for that? Only when you come, the poor people will believe you. Then, when you come, you will come. Hey, don't just sit there and be angry. You are going to get hurt. believe you. Then, when you come, you will come. Hey, don't just sit there and be angry. You are going to get hurt. My My My brother, if you really come, come here. Hey, come, come, Hey, come, come, Hey, come, come, come. Your brother is calling you. Did come. Your brother is calling you. Did come. Your brother is calling you. Did you call him? you call him? you call him? Hey, what are you doing, I thought I should leave the shop and Hey, what are you doing, I thought I should leave the shop and Hey, what are you doing, I thought I should leave the shop and get some milk, but I fell down and get some milk, but I fell down and hit you. Hey, hit you. Hey, hit you. Hey, Samiya, sit at home and bow down. Samiya, sit at home and bow down. I told you that you won't come to the temple. You are busy and I told you that you won't come to the temple. You are busy and I told you that you won't come to the temple. You are busy and eating on an empty stomach. Why do you think that a eating on an empty stomach. Why do you think that a eating on an empty stomach. Why do you think that a girl who has studied is also my idol? This is a girl who has studied is also my idol? This is a girl who has studied is also my idol? This is a girl who has come of age. You throw water on the streets and girl who has come of age. You throw water on the streets and girl who has come of age. You throw water on the streets and gather people. Hey, gather people. Hey, gather people. Hey, Perusu, what are you doing?  When something is not right, Perusu, what are you doing?  When something is not right, Perusu, what are you doing?  When something is not right, I I agree to it when it is right. I will agree to it when it is right. I will agree to it when it is right. I will come to the shop and see what is done. I will go and see what is done. I will go and see what is done. I will go and see what is done. I will come to the shop and see what is done. I will go and see what is done. I will go and see what is done. I will go and see what is done. I will drive a scooter well. Where drive a scooter well. Where drive a scooter well. Where did you teach me? I will be afraid if I go. afraid if I go. afraid if I go. What kind of party is it today? What kind of party is it today? What kind of party is it today? Krishna, where is Krishna, where is Krishna, where is it? They are giving me some kind of gift in college. He must have it? They are giving me some kind of gift in college. He must have it? They are giving me some kind of gift in college. He must have gone to buy it. gone to buy it. gone to buy it. They are giving me a gift, even my house. They are giving me a gift, even my house. They are giving me a gift, even my house. Hey, where are you from? Hey, where are you from? Hey, where are you from? You even You even You even take your milk and go from temple to temple. take your milk and go from temple to temple. take your milk and go from temple to temple. He is leaving the shop and going to college.   If you go to He is leaving the shop and going to college.   If you go to He is leaving the shop and going to college.   If you go to hell like this, you'll be a dove. hell like this, you'll be a dove. hell like this, you'll be a dove. Why don't you just stop, man, man, man, Why don't you just stop, man, man, man, Why don't you just stop, man, man, man, man, I'll go out while you're still here for a minute man, I'll go out while you're still here for a minute man, I'll go out while you're still here for a minute .   Only .   Only .   Only then will my self-esteem be free from any tension then will my self-esteem be free from any tension then will my self-esteem be free from any tension .  Why are .  Why are .  Why are you calling me by saying "Oh".   I'm you calling me by saying "Oh".   I'm you calling me by saying "Oh".   I'm not asking you to come back, but if you come back, I'll have to not asking you to come back, but if you come back, I'll have to not asking you to come back, but if you come back, I'll have to break the time.   When he break the time.   When he break the time.   When he arrived, he ran away in a arrived, he ran away in a arrived, he ran away in a hurry. He kept calling me,  I came to tell you that everyone is here, brother. came to tell you that everyone is here, brother. came to tell you that everyone is here, brother. The evil is coming. The evil is coming. The evil is coming. We too eat our food with equal salt We too eat our food with equal salt We too eat our food with equal salt .  Then, .  Then, .  Then, touch and lick the salted pickle.   It would be touch and lick the salted pickle.   It would be touch and lick the salted pickle.   It would be cruel to us. cruel to us. cruel to us. I gave you the salt and pickles. I gave you the salt and pickles. I gave you the salt and pickles. Where did you get the money for the mask? You paid me Where did you get the money for the mask? You paid me Where did you get the money for the mask? You paid me . . . Okay, okay, don't talk too much.  He went to Ramanadu and brought back Okay, okay, don't talk too much.  He went to Ramanadu and brought back Okay, okay, don't talk too much.  He went to Ramanadu and brought back chilies in our cart chilies in our cart chilies in our cart . . . This should be said first.   It's not a waste to This should be said first.   It's not a waste to This should be said first.   It's not a waste to talk for so long talk for so long talk for so long . . . Okay, okay, Dad. Okay, okay, Dad. Okay, okay, Dad. Where are you going without paying?  Give me the money, take me to the Where are you going without paying?  Give me the money, take me to the Where are you going without paying?  Give me the money, take me to the bus, drop me off, and bus, drop me off, and bus, drop me off, and go. go. go. Why are there Why are there Why are there eight items in the biscuits? Is it eight items in the biscuits? Is it eight items in the biscuits? Is it okay to add the spice mix? okay to add the spice mix? Hi Krishna, what do you need? I know Hi Krishna, what do you need? I know Hi Krishna, what do you need? I know what I need. Mom gave me the list. what I need. Mom gave me the list. what I need. Mom gave me the list. What? Uncle, how are you? Are you doing well? What? Uncle, how are you? Are you doing well? How is your father? Uncle, is How is your father? Uncle, is How is your father? Uncle, is he doing well? he doing well? he doing well? How is your business? Why is your business not doing well? Why is your business not doing well? Why is your business not doing well? Krishna, can't you take care of it a little? Krishna, can't you take care of it a little? Krishna, can't you take care of it a little? What? You have a cold. That's why you cough. If you keep your cough What? You have a cold. That's why you cough. If you keep your cough moist, clean the milk jug and the curd jug. You wo moist, clean the milk jug and the curd jug. You wo moist, clean the milk jug and the curd jug. You wo n't get a cold. Janni will come. n't get a cold. Janni will come. n't get a cold. Janni will come. What's wrong with you, Sami, do you What's wrong with you, Sami, do you know where you are, Sami? You know where you are, Sami? You know where you are, Sami? You cooked human food for me in the kitchen, cooked human food for me in the kitchen, cooked human food for me in the kitchen, you even took 100 milk bottles, you left it in the right place for the person who you even took 100 milk bottles, you left it in the right place for the person who you even took 100 milk bottles, you left it in the right place for the person who came, it's the same as if came, it's the same as if came, it's the same as if I took 1000 milk bottles, I took 1000 milk bottles, I took 1000 milk bottles, Sami Kumar, Sami, Sami Kumar, Sami, Sami Kumar, Sami, beyond the work that God does, even milk is clean, it's like that, look, you beyond the work that God does, even milk is clean, it's like that, look, you don't know anything, don't know anything, don't know anything, like a child.  If you get a slap on the wrist, like a child.  If you get a slap on the wrist, like a child.  If you get a slap on the wrist, he'll get another slap on the wrist he'll get another slap on the wrist he'll get another slap on the wrist .  The doll is a doll. .  The doll is a doll. .  The doll is a doll. Your son is grinning from ear to ear when he sees the children coming to the store Your son is grinning from ear to ear when he sees the children coming to the store Your son is grinning from ear to ear when he sees the children coming to the store .  He has .  He has .  He has no flaws, he laughs until dawn, no flaws, he laughs until dawn, no flaws, he laughs until dawn, I tell you one thing, I tell you one thing, I tell you one thing, this waiting, stupid thing won't change.   I'll tell this waiting, stupid thing won't change.   I'll tell this waiting, stupid thing won't change.   I'll tell him to not be afraid and him to not be afraid and him to not be afraid and tell him to be angry.  If you knock tell him to be angry.  If you knock tell him to be angry.  If you knock him down him down him down twice and give him a good advice while lifting the milk jug, he'll understand twice and give him a good advice while lifting the milk jug, he'll understand twice and give him a good advice while lifting the milk jug, he'll understand . . . Just eat what Thirumala says. Just eat what Thirumala says. You are the root cause of everything, 64 types of food, what to eat, what to cook. You are the root cause of everything, 64 types of food, what to eat, what to cook. You are the root cause of everything, 64 types of food, what to eat, what to cook. The connection that is missing in the world that I have been searching for. The connection that is missing in the world that I have been searching for. The connection that is missing in the world that I have been searching for. As soon as the knot was finished, Kanjanari washed her hands and asked, " As soon as the knot was finished, Kanjanari washed her hands and asked, " As soon as the knot was finished, Kanjanari washed her hands and asked, " What did you tie?" " What did you tie?" " What did you tie?" " Mother, please Mother, please This is all a matter of concern, This is all a matter of concern, This is all a matter of concern, Dad, and Dad, and 500 rupees are missing from your account. 500 rupees are missing from your account. 500 rupees are missing from your account. [Pain] I [Pain] I [Pain] I counted it myself. Look, I counted it counted it myself. Look, I counted it counted it myself. Look, I counted it correctly. Look, I looked correctly. Look, I looked correctly. Look, I looked carefully. I counted it two or three times carefully. I counted it two or three times carefully. I counted it two or three times . . . Hey Vanitha, who's here? Hey Vanitha, who's here? Hey Vanitha, who's here? Mom, are Mom, are Mom, are you okay? Are you you okay? Are you you okay? Are you okay? My dear okay? My dear okay? My dear uncle, Mom, where are you looking? uncle, Mom, where are you looking? uncle, Mom, where are you looking? That's all I'm asking.  I get off the bus, That's all I'm asking.  I get off the bus, That's all I'm asking.  I get off the bus, say "Hi" and say "Hi" and ask at Karakudi when the bus will arrive.  Mom is getting old. ask at Karakudi when the bus will arrive.  Mom is getting old. ask at Karakudi when the bus will arrive.  Mom is getting old. Hello Samanthi, are you okay? Hello Samanthi, are you okay? Hello Samanthi, are you okay? Is there something wrong? Is there something wrong? Is there something wrong? How is Dad? How is Dad? How is Dad? Why is that, you ask? Why is that, you ask? Why is that, you ask? It's a bed.  The doctor has given up everything.   Will he It's a bed.  The doctor has given up everything.   Will he It's a bed.  The doctor has given up everything.   Will he just hold his breath and drag himself away?  A just hold his breath and drag himself away?  A man who lived well.  It's not going well, it's just man who lived well.  It's not going well, it's just man who lived well.  It's not going well, it's just lying there in a terrible state.  How long does it take to lying there in a terrible state.  How long does it take to lying there in a terrible state.  How long does it take to shed all that fire urine? shed all that fire urine? shed all that fire urine? He is also suffering and making others He is also suffering and making others He is also suffering and making others suffer.  How suffer.  How suffer.  How was Dad? I don't know what he was was Dad? I don't know what he was was Dad? I don't know what he was thinking. Emma, ​​I wonder if he wanted to thinking. Emma, ​​I wonder if he wanted to thinking. Emma, ​​I wonder if he wanted to see you all. It see you all. It would be nice if you all came and saw him once. Will would be nice if you all came and saw him once. Will would be nice if you all came and saw him once. Will we come there or not? Will this we come there or not? Will this we come there or not? Will this man leave? man leave? man leave? Emma, ​​the Emma, ​​the Emma, ​​the groom's daughter, has changed, but even if she changes, groom's daughter, has changed, but even if she changes, she's still changing. she's still changing. she's still changing. Even yesterday, I was beaten up by a poor child Even yesterday, I was beaten up by a poor child Even yesterday, I was beaten up by a poor child .  Who is .  Who is .  Who is Krishna?  Why did you hit me?   There Krishna?  Why did you hit me?   There Krishna?  Why did you hit me?   There were 500 marks in the account.   He were 500 marks in the account.   He were 500 marks in the account.   He goes to that place and hits that target. goes to that place and hits that target. goes to that place and hits that target. Where are you coming from? I'm here Where are you coming from? I'm here Where are you coming from? I'm here .   Did .   Did you think there was no way to ask? you think there was no way to ask? you think there was no way to ask? Hey mother, why are you so good?  [Music] Here are 500. Here are 500. Here are 500. What is this? What is this? What is this? That amount is enough for your funeral.   Did That amount is enough for your funeral.   Did That amount is enough for your funeral.   Did you steal that?   There is you steal that?   There is you steal that?   There is no plagiarism in that.  Our shop has a no plagiarism in that.  Our shop has a no plagiarism in that.  Our shop has a hand in our stone carving rights. hand in our stone carving rights. hand in our stone carving rights. Hey, who did you reach out to? Hey, who did you reach out to? Hey, who did you reach out to? Who should I ask?  If Anju goes out without even drinking a penny, and you Who should I ask?  If Anju goes out without even drinking a penny, and you Who should I ask?  If Anju goes out without even drinking a penny, and you call her an orphan, why should I call her an orphan, why should I call her an orphan, why should I go to a shop and beg? go to a shop and beg? go to a shop and beg? If I beg like that, my mother will lose respect, and If I beg like that, my mother will lose respect, and I will take the money.   What did you say I will take the money.   What did you say I will take the money.   What did you say yesterday? yesterday? yesterday? Where did you leave it? As soon as you saw it, Where did you leave it? As soon as you saw it, you sent someone to Ramanad to buy chillies and buy some firewood. you sent someone to Ramanad to buy chillies and buy some firewood. you sent someone to Ramanad to buy chillies and buy some firewood. [Laughter] How [Laughter] How [Laughter] How could you tell me in that excitement? I forgot everything. Whatever it is, I will could you tell me in that excitement? I forgot everything. Whatever it is, I will could you tell me in that excitement? I forgot everything. Whatever it is, I will investigate and investigate and investigate and do it. Has your friend do it. Has your friend do it. Has your friend taken a penny from your grave yet? Has that Krishnan been with you for taken a penny from your grave yet? Has that Krishnan been with you for taken a penny from your grave yet? Has that Krishnan been with you for so long so long so long ? ? ? You treat them like a child, you beat them like a policeman wearing a police uniform. You treat them like a child, you beat them like a policeman wearing a police uniform. You can leave, his father, so that he doesn't talk, you don't talk, you don't You can leave, his father, so that he doesn't talk, you don't talk, you don't You can leave, his father, so that he doesn't talk, you don't talk, you don't talk [from the corner], you talk [from the corner], you talk [from the corner], you go to the village and see if he is his age, go to the village and see if he is his age, go to the village and see if he is his age, I respect the movie.  If I had a I respect the movie.  If I had a I respect the movie.  If I had a child with him, I would have child with him, I would have child with him, I would have smashed his skull with a stone.  Go, smashed his skull with a stone.  Go, smashed his skull with a stone.  Go, everyone, go and see the work. This is not everyone, go and see the work. This is not everyone, go and see the work. This is not fun, everyone, take something in your hand and take something in your hand and take something in your hand and go. go. go. Hello, what do you want to do? If a monkey Hello, what do you want to do? If a monkey Hello, what do you want to do? If a monkey is raised, the tree will become a brother to the tree is raised, the tree will become a brother to the tree is raised, the tree will become a brother to the tree .  No, no, it hasn't arrived yet, no, no, no, no, .  No, no, it hasn't arrived yet, no, no, no, no, I asked if I had forgotten to get the monkey, I said it hasn't arrived yet, I asked if I had forgotten to get the monkey, I said it hasn't arrived yet, I asked if I had forgotten to get the monkey, I said it hasn't arrived yet, brother. brother. brother. Krishna, Krishna, Krishna, Krishna, Krishna, Krishna, Krishna, Krishna, Krishna, is your father calling you? Father, is your father calling you? Father, is your father calling you? Father, what is this, brother? [Music] what is this, brother? [Music] what is this, brother? [Music] Break it up and see. [Music] Do you like [Music]? [Singing] If you tell me, if you tell me, if you tell me, how is the tile you laid in the morning me, how is the tile you laid in the morning me, how is the tile you laid in the morning working? That's it, how is your uncle? Your family how is your uncle? Your family how is your uncle? Your family is in a bad situation.   I had to spend is in a bad situation.   I had to spend a lot of money to see a doctor, but I was looking for two people who could deepen their wealth.  The doctor also gave up a lot of money to see a doctor, but I was looking for two people who could deepen their wealth.  The doctor also gave up a lot of money to see a doctor, but I was looking for two people who could deepen their wealth.  The doctor also gave up .   Keep .   Keep .   Keep singing this song.  I think singing this song.  I think singing this song.  I think he has a he has a he has a desire to see all of you in his heart desire to see all of you in his heart desire to see all of you in his heart . . . So if So if So if you all come and give him milk once, you all come and give him milk once, I think he'll go without any trouble.  That's right.   Do I think he'll go without any trouble.  That's right.   Do you think you can impose a murderous charge on me? you think you can impose a murderous charge on me? you think you can impose a murderous charge on me? What are you saying?   If I suck What are you saying?   If I suck milk and suckle the life that is dragging on, will milk and suckle the life that is dragging on, will milk and suckle the life that is dragging on, will my family bear that terrible sin? Look at this, no one will come from this house Look at this, no one will come from this house Look at this, no one will come from this house .  Instead of worrying about us not coming, just .  Instead of worrying about us not coming, just be careful at the last minute.  That's it.  Hey, what the [ __ ] is wrong with be careful at the last minute.  That's it.  Hey, what the [ __ ] is wrong with be careful at the last minute.  That's it.  Hey, what the [ __ ] is wrong with you? Call me. you? Call me. you? Call me. Brother, Brother, Brother, what's the matter? what's the matter? what's the matter? Chicken broth.   You've given up Chicken broth.   You've given up Chicken broth.   You've given up everything. Did you call me, my brother? Did you call me, my brother? Did you call me, my brother? Hey, eat it. Hey, eat it. [Music] Are you eating? you eating? you eating? Eat. It's still a bit of a mess today. It smells mess today. It smells mess today. It smells like soup. Uncle and mother told you like soup. Uncle and mother told you like soup. Uncle and mother told you to eat well . Eat. Eat.  Hey, Sotha, why don't you Eat.  Hey, Sotha, why don't you Eat.  Hey, Sotha, why don't you eat curry? eat curry? eat curry? Give it to me Eat, eat, do Eat, eat, do Eat, eat, do n't want, n't want, n't want, what do you want? [Music] what do you want? [Music] what do you want? [Music] Don't want liver, Don't want liver, Don't want liver, eat liver, liver, eat liver, I don't eat liver, liver, eat liver, I don't eat liver, liver, eat liver, I don't like liver, like liver, like liver, what don't you like?  Andy, doesn't he what don't you like?  Andy, doesn't he what don't you like?  Andy, doesn't he like liver? like liver? like liver? He doesn't like liver.  I He doesn't like liver.  I He doesn't like liver.  I like curry. like curry. like curry. Hey, how about we go to the store alone tomorrow and Hey, how about we go to the store alone tomorrow and Hey, how about we go to the store alone tomorrow and pick up the package?  What do you want this to look pick up the package?  What do you want this to look pick up the package?  What do you want this to look like? like? like? Eat it.  I don't eat, if I Eat it.  I don't eat, if I Eat it.  I don't eat, if I eat I will vomit.   I eat I will vomit.   I eat I will vomit.   I will vomit.   What the hell, will will vomit.   What the hell, will will vomit.   What the hell, will eating liver make you vomit eating liver make you vomit eating liver make you vomit ?   The ?   The ?   The brother is coming.  Oh, come on brother is coming.  Oh, come on Hey, would any father in the world Hey, would any father in the world Hey, would any father in the world feed a boy this age?  I will give you what you want, feed a boy this age?  I will give you what you want, feed a boy this age?  I will give you what you want, eat it.  No sir, eat it.  No sir, eat it.  No sir, are you eating or are you eating, my little girl? You're a little rascal, what are you girl? You're a little rascal, what are you girl? You're a little rascal, what are you saying? Uncle, saying? Uncle, saying? Uncle, you're you're you're beating me for no reason beating me for no reason beating me for no reason .  Oh, oh, getting beaten is .  Oh, oh, getting beaten is .  Oh, oh, getting beaten is new to us. We don't get beaten for ourselves. new to us. We don't get beaten for ourselves. new to us. We don't get beaten for ourselves. One day, if he One day, if he One day, if he doesn't beat you, he'll beat you himself. doesn't beat you, he'll beat you himself. doesn't beat you, he'll beat you himself. Look, there's only one thing we have to take care of Look, there's only one thing we have to take care of Look, there's only one thing we have to take care of .  How much did .  How much did .  How much did you beat me yesterday? How much will you you beat me yesterday? How much will you you beat me yesterday? How much will you beat me today?  Yesterday beat me today?  Yesterday beat me today?  Yesterday he was beaten 10 times, but today he was beaten 10 times, but today he was beaten 10 times, but today he was beaten only 8 times.  In that case, we will gain 2 feet he was beaten only 8 times.  In that case, we will gain 2 feet he was beaten only 8 times.  In that case, we will gain 2 feet .  He lost his arrow.  He's .  He lost his arrow.  He's .  He lost his arrow.  He's beating you for something, beating you for something, beating you for something, he's beating you for something, he's beating you for something, he's he's beating you for something, he's beating you for something, he's he's beating you for something, he's beating you for something, he's going to make you sick, going to make you sick, going to make you sick, look at your uncle, go outside and listen.   If look at your uncle, go outside and listen.   If look at your uncle, go outside and listen.   If I had said a word, I had said a word, I had said a word, how much would it be? You're how much would it be? You're how much would it be? You're not here, Uncle, you wouldn't like to live not here, Uncle, you wouldn't like to live not here, Uncle, you wouldn't like to live like that. It's like I could die if I said that like that. It's like I could die if I said that . I'm living for my mother, who doesn't say anything.   You don't want to . I'm living for my mother, who doesn't say anything.   You don't want to . I'm living for my mother, who doesn't say anything.   You don't want to live for your mother. live for your mother. live for your mother. This uncle lives for the two of you.   Is This uncle lives for the two of you.   Is This uncle lives for the two of you.   Is that enough?  The groom's uncle, who is not talking, is very that enough?  The groom's uncle, who is not talking, is very that enough?  The groom's uncle, who is not talking, is very angry.  Take it.  Come down safely.  Good night. angry.  Take it.  Come down safely.  Good night. angry.  Take it.  Come down safely.  Good night. Sleep well and peacefully.  Sleep, sleep. Sleep well and peacefully.  Sleep, sleep. Sleep well and peacefully.  Sleep, sleep. No, uncle. No, uncle. No, uncle. Nothing.  Uncle is the one who  At that that that time, shall Krishnan and I go and time, shall Krishnan and I go and time, shall Krishnan and I go and see Father?   What a see Father?   What a see Father?   What a great idea, what a great idea, what a great idea, what a great idea. great idea. great idea. How is he? How is he? How is he? Sister, it's been half an hour since his spirit left, and Sister, it's been half an hour since his spirit left, and Sister, it's been half an hour since his spirit left, and only his body is here. only his body is here. only his body is here. Hey, hey, he's coming to me by Hey, hey, he's coming to me by Hey, hey, he's coming to me by bus.   We can bus.   We can bus.   We can go on our scooter and get to the shock quickly go on our scooter and get to the shock quickly go on our scooter and get to the shock quickly . . . Correct, okay, look, all this food is Correct, okay, look, all this food is Correct, okay, look, all this food is spilled, spilled, spilled, can we have another plate? can we have another plate? can we have another plate? I don't want it, uncle, tell me to pour it. I don't want it, uncle, tell me to pour it. I don't want it, uncle, tell me to pour it. Someone is competing with me for a job. I'm going to bed Someone is competing with me for a job. I'm going to bed early in the morning. Come early in the morning. Come early in the morning. Come here, come here, you terrible person. You're a here, come here, you terrible person. You're a here, come here, you terrible person. You're a grandfather, go and look for water in a sack. No, he's a groom all the grandfather, go and look for water in a sack. No, he's a groom all the time. He time. He time. He only eats rice. What's the difference? only eats rice. What's the difference? only eats rice. What's the difference? That's right. He's his son. That's right. He's his son. That's right. He's his son. Oh, Krishna, Oh, Krishna, Oh, Krishna, Krishna. I'm going to Madurai. He'll open a blackberry shop.  You I'm going to Madurai. He'll open a blackberry shop.  You went to the Ezhumalai Agency and bought the tea powder, went to the Ezhumalai Agency and bought the tea powder, went to the Ezhumalai Agency and bought the tea powder, right?   Do what right?   Do what right?   Do what Shuttata told you to do. Krishna, what did you take for the scooter ride? what did you take for the scooter ride? what did you take for the scooter ride? Leave the bus stand and come out. Hello. Yes, out. Hello. Yes, I am going to Madurai. Okay, did you leave the stand and give me the token and go. I will pick you up when I come. No, take the cab and go. I am coming in an auto. I am going to Madurai. Okay, did you leave the stand and give me the token and go. I will pick you up when I come. No, take the cab and go. I am coming in an auto. I am going to Madurai. Okay, did you leave the stand and give me the token and go. I will pick you up when I come. No, take the cab and go. I am coming in an auto. Hey, did you do that? You are inside. Hey, did you do that? You are inside. You are going to Madurai. You came to buy You are going to Madurai. You came to buy You are going to Madurai. You came to buy some money. I bought it and took the some money. I bought it and took the some money. I bought it and took the next bus. Did you see? you see? you see? [Laughter] Is there any fried food? [Laughter] Today is the only day when my mind is full. Today is the only day when my mind is full. What are we doing talking happily like this? What are we doing talking happily like this? What are we doing talking happily like this? We are all buying toys and We are all buying toys and We are all buying toys and coming back.  Even the birth of a baby coming back.  Even the birth of a baby requires asking the mothers. requires asking the mothers. requires asking the mothers. I saw everyone.  It would have been nice if our mother had also I saw everyone.  It would have been nice if our mother had also I saw everyone.  It would have been nice if our mother had also looked after the baby. looked after the baby. looked after the baby. In that case, Miss, you should just In that case, Miss, you should just In that case, Miss, you should just wait and see. wait and see. wait and see. Oh, there's no chance of that, but Oh, there's no chance of that, but Oh, there's no chance of that, but I have an idea. I have an idea. I have an idea. What kind of scooter did you come on? What kind of scooter did you come on? What kind of scooter did you come on? Krishnan and I went on a scooter and Krishnan and I went on a scooter and Krishnan and I went on a scooter and sent Jananiya Krishnan too.   Go ahead and watch sent Jananiya Krishnan too.   Go ahead and watch sent Jananiya Krishnan too.   Go ahead and watch . . . That's a good idea too.  Hey Krishna, did you That's a good idea too.  Hey Krishna, did you That's a good idea too.  Hey Krishna, did you go and get your mother? Miss Miss, Miss Miss, Miss Miss, how come Grandma is how come Grandma is how come Grandma is driving alone like that? Come, let me open the door. What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing inside? What are you doing inside? What are you doing inside? I came to buy something from Mom. I came to buy something from Mom. I came to buy something from Mom. Mom has gone outside. Mom has gone outside. Mom has gone outside. Where have you gone? Where have you gone? Where have you gone? Which store to shop at?   Just to Which store to shop at?   Just to Which store to shop at?   Just to our shop. our shop. our shop. Why go to our store? Why go to our store? Why go to our store? To buy in Malaysia. To buy in Malaysia. To buy in Malaysia. That's why my brother took me home with him [laughter] That's why my brother took me home with him [laughter] That's why my brother took me home with him [laughter] . . . Oh, my brother and mother took the minus one while I was away, Oh, my brother and mother took the minus one while I was away, Oh, my brother and mother took the minus one while I was away, oh, it's not there oh, it's not there oh, it's not there . . . Where did you go with your mother? Where did you go with your mother? Where did you go with your mother? We can get it, We can get it, We can get it, why did you go to our shop? What are you doing, you idiot? why did you go to our shop? What are you doing, you idiot? why did you go to our shop? What are you doing, you idiot? Leave the cart at the shop. Oh, you're so dizzy, Oh, you're so dizzy, how do you know what's going to happen? Oh, you've come to me, [screaming] You've made a beautiful image for your husband, okay, okay, you've made a hole in the ground, you've made a pot, your whole body is a bathhouse, you're so old, how can you cope with it somehow? How do you cope?   What's up, how do you know what's going to happen? Oh, you've come to me, [screaming] You've made a beautiful image for your husband, okay, okay, you've made a hole in the ground, you've made a pot, your whole body is a bathhouse, you're so old, how can you cope with it somehow? How do you cope?   What's up, how do you know what's going to happen? Oh, you've come to me, [screaming] You've made a beautiful image for your husband, okay, okay, you've made a hole in the ground, you've made a pot, your whole body is a bathhouse, you're so old, how can you cope with it somehow? How do you cope?   What's up, brother, where is brother, where is brother, where is he? he? he? Your sister Your sister Your sister went to the temple. went to the temple. went to the temple. Which temple? Which temple? Which temple? Kunnakudi temple. Is it Kunnakudi temple. Is it Kunnakudi temple. Is it okay? okay? okay? Why am I so Why am I so Why am I so scared? Hello, Tirumalai Stores, did you Hello, Tirumalai Stores, did you Hello, Tirumalai Stores, did you come to talk next?   He must have arrived and come to talk next?   He must have arrived and gone to Kunnakudi. gone to Kunnakudi. gone to Kunnakudi. Why Kunnakudi?   Even if they go to Why Kunnakudi?   Even if they go to Kunnakudi to look for us, they will only find you. Kunnakudi to look for us, they will only find you. Kunnakudi to look for us, they will only find you. Your uncle Tanya said so. Your uncle Tanya said so. Your uncle Tanya said so. Uncle, he said so himself. Uncle, he said so himself. Uncle, he said so himself. He managed to do something by saying that He managed to do something by saying that He managed to do something by saying that .  He must have .  He must have .  He must have gone to the pub with him.  You too, gone to the pub with him.  You too, gone to the pub with him.  You too, leave without saying a word and go to Kunnakudi.   It is auspicious to leave without saying a word and go to Kunnakudi.   It is auspicious to leave without saying a word and go to Kunnakudi.   It is auspicious to go to Kunna Kudi with your family and have darshan of Lord Murugan go to Kunna Kudi with your family and have darshan of Lord Murugan go to Kunna Kudi with your family and have darshan of Lord Murugan . . . Go, don't be like that, let's go upstairs and see. upstairs and see. upstairs and see. I'm waiting for the auto, you go, I'm waiting for the auto, you go, I'm waiting for the auto, you go, son. son. son. Hey, Hey, Hey, brother, go upstairs and bring it back. I've been brother, go upstairs and bring it back. I've been brother, go upstairs and bring it back. I've been looking for it downstairs. If you come, I'll put it in the fridge. looking for it downstairs. If you come, I'll put it in the fridge. looking for it downstairs. If you come, I'll put it in the fridge. Brother, even if he climbs the mountain, Punniam has to go Brother, even if he climbs the mountain, Punniam has to go Brother, even if he climbs the mountain, Punniam has to go . He's not climbing the mountain right now, he's studying right now.  If you come down, you will climb the mountain. . He's not climbing the mountain right now, he's studying right now.  If you come down, you will climb the mountain. . He's not climbing the mountain right now, he's studying right now.  If you come down, you will climb the mountain. [Music] Come quickly from the cart, and get here. quickly from the cart, and get here. quickly from the cart, and get here. Hurry up, Hurry up, Hurry up, uncle, uncle, uncle, uncle has gone to the mountain.  He came, uncle has gone to the mountain.  He came, uncle has gone to the mountain.  He came, good job, you drive, no more fear, good job, you drive, no more fear, good job, you drive, no more fear, no fear? no fear? no fear? What does the Sami say when he comes down from the top? Which Sami is there What does the Sami say when he comes down from the top? Which Sami is there What does the Sami say when he comes down from the top? Which Sami is there ? ? ? Oh, is that something else?  Then today, all Oh, is that something else?  Then today, all Oh, is that something else?  Then today, all three of them scattered at the temple gate. three of them scattered at the temple gate. three of them scattered at the temple gate. Hey, don't play around, tell me another way. Hey, don't play around, tell me another way. Hey, don't play around, tell me another way. Should I go the way I came?   I'll punch you in Should I go the way I came?   I'll punch you in Should I go the way I came?   I'll punch you in the mouth. I'm scared. Don't the mouth. I'm scared. Don't the mouth. I'm scared. Don't tell me. tell me. tell me. Oh my, you two are like dust, I feel like Oh my, you two are like dust, I feel like Oh my, you two are like dust, I feel like I'm going crazy I'm going crazy I'm going crazy . . . What's wrong, What's wrong, What's wrong, are you crazy? are you crazy? are you crazy? What are you doing, Mom? Mom, what's wrong with you? Will you push and push and push? Is our sister crazy? Oh, I'm lying on the mat in our sister crazy? Oh, I'm lying on the mat in the middle of the road when a lorry comes. Oh, my the middle of the road when a lorry comes. Oh, my sister is crazy at this age. sister is crazy at this age. sister is crazy at this age. What will I do? What will I do? What will I do? Take her to the hospital. Oh, buffaloes. I'm Take her to the hospital. Oh, buffaloes. I'm acting like I'm showing off just to deceive your uncle. Did you see, acting like I'm showing off just to deceive your uncle. Did you see, acting like I'm showing off just to deceive your uncle. Did you see, uncle? You too have the knowledge of our mother. uncle? You too have the knowledge of our mother. Yes, great knowledge is a bit of a joke. Yes, great knowledge is a bit of a joke. Yes, great knowledge is a bit of a joke. What can I do? I'm going to the temple gate and the What can I do? I'm going to the temple gate and the What can I do? I'm going to the temple gate and the temple. temple. temple. What's up, come on, come on, What's up, come on, come on, What's up, come on, come on, hurry up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, Samasu, was there a guy here? He just came, he's so dizzy, guy here? He just came, he's so dizzy, guy here? He just came, he's so dizzy, where are you standing? [Music] Keep going, where are you standing? [Music] Keep going, where are you standing? [Music] Keep going, win, win, win, brother, have you seen the situation? brother, have you seen the situation? brother, have you seen the situation? Hey, what's up, is Hey, what's up, is Hey, what's up, is all this shouting for you, for me? What's up with me? all this shouting for you, for me? What's up with me? all this shouting for you, for me? What's up with me? Yes, the astrologer, your planets are Yes, the astrologer, your planets are Yes, the astrologer, your planets are not right.  For that, if I pray and perform a not right.  For that, if I pray and perform a consecration at the foot of the Kunnakudi temple, will everything go consecration at the foot of the Kunnakudi temple, will everything go consecration at the foot of the Kunnakudi temple, will everything go well?  For that, why don't well?  For that, why don't well?  For that, why don't Krishnan and I go to town this morning Krishnan and I go to town this morning ? ? ? Why are you asking that, son?  Good job, I'm Why are you asking that, son?  Good job, I'm Why are you asking that, son?  Good job, I'm hooked.  Today, I am completely lost in thought hooked.  Today, I am completely lost in thought hooked.  Today, I am completely lost in thought .  [Laughter] I don't .  [Laughter] I don't .  [Laughter] I don't know what a lady is. know what a lady is. know what a lady is. What kind of knowledge does the person who asked her know? She What kind of knowledge does the person who asked her know? She What kind of knowledge does the person who asked her know? She doesn't know the problem. My vagina is not fine. If she cleans it, will doesn't know the problem. My vagina is not fine. If she cleans it, will doesn't know the problem. My vagina is not fine. If she cleans it, will my vagina be fine? She's beaten up. my vagina be fine? She's beaten up. my vagina be fine? She's beaten up. What's the medicine that came? Hang up. Don't sleep. What's the medicine that came? Hang up. Don't sleep. Mom, hang up. [Laughter] Mom, hang up. [Laughter] Mom, hang up. [Laughter] Hang up. Last month, month, month, your husband who didn't do it enough. He must have your husband who didn't do it enough. He must have your husband who didn't do it enough. He must have found out. Keep quiet. found out. Keep quiet. found out. Keep quiet. I'll tell you that. Let's see.   Once you've finished studying, your you've finished studying, your you've finished studying, your knowledge should grow with age.  What kind of person is Betthavala knowledge should grow with age.  What kind of person is Betthavala knowledge should grow with age.  What kind of person is Betthavala Sami? If he came to me in a dream and told me what he was doing, why did he come and Sami? If he came to me in a dream and told me what he was doing, why did he come and give me everything I asked for, give me everything I asked for, give me everything I asked for, shouldn't you go home and tell him?  Now, shouldn't you go home and tell him?  Now, shouldn't you go home and tell him?  Now, two people two people two people are arguing with each other, are arguing with each other, saying that it is in the pillar, that it is in the temple. There are so many pillars in the house that each person has saying that it is in the pillar, that it is in the temple. There are so many pillars in the house that each person has to gather one. Let's to gather one. Let's to gather one. Let's go to the temple. go to the temple. go to the temple. Whatever you think, go to the temple. If it happens, it won't happen. Whatever you think, go to the temple. If it happens, it won't happen. Whatever you think, go to the temple. If it happens, it won't happen. I came to tell you that it happened like my sister did. I came to tell you that it happened like my sister did. I came to tell you that it happened like my sister did. Hey, if you don't buy a lawyer for your sister, you can Hey, if you don't buy a lawyer for your sister, you can Hey, if you don't buy a lawyer for your sister, you can take the night bus and go to Kumli in the morning take the night bus and go to Kumli in the morning take the night bus and go to Kumli in the morning . . . Let's go, let's go.   Don't Let's go, let's go.   Don't Let's go, let's go.   Don't go to this agent girl, go to this agent girl, go to this agent girl, go straight to Ace.  Go and buy pepper, cardamom, and go straight to Ace.  Go and buy pepper, cardamom, and go straight to Ace.  Go and buy pepper, cardamom, and cloves.   Let cloves.   Let cloves.   Let 's do it, let's do it.   If you take 's do it, let's do it.   If you take 's do it, let's do it.   If you take the bus with you to make purchases, the bus with you to make purchases, the bus with you to make purchases, you can come here at night. you can come here at night. you can come here at night. Come on, come on.  Hey, I Come on, come on.  Hey, I sing a ragam for everything you say, I'm not a ragam singer. You've sing a ragam for everything you say, I'm not a ragam singer. You've sing a ragam for everything you say, I'm not a ragam singer. You've been singing a ragam with Sudhi for so long. That's why been singing a ragam with Sudhi for so long. That's why been singing a ragam with Sudhi for so long. That's why I was born in this village. If you keep singing like this I was born in this village. If you keep singing like this I was born in this village. If you keep singing like this again, it's again, it's again, it's all your fault. If I was all your fault. If I was all your fault. If I was born a child, I would have been treated like a fool. If I had been born here without a born a child, I would have been treated like a fool. If I had been born here without a born a child, I would have been treated like a fool. If I had been born here without a will, they would have treated me will, they would have treated me will, they would have treated me like I didn't belong. I'll take you and go. Until the tenth day, like I didn't belong. I'll take you and go. Until the tenth day, hey, you're flying away, you're hey, you're flying away, you're hey, you're flying away, you're leaving. Is leaving. Is there any respect in this house for the contribution of a hardworking man?  I will work hard and bring what is needed for the house. there any respect in this house for the contribution of a hardworking man?  I will work hard and bring what is needed for the house. What's the problem? You go to the Lord. What's the problem? You go to the Lord. What's the problem? You go to the Lord. What are you doing? I'm going to What are you doing? I'm going to What are you doing? I'm going to the trouble for you, my lord. What's wrong with me? I'm the trouble for you, my lord. What's wrong with me? I'm the trouble for you, my lord. What's wrong with me? I'm working hard and I'm doing everything I can.  Did I working hard and I'm doing everything I can.  Did I working hard and I'm doing everything I can.  Did I tell him to bow down to me, or did I tell him to bow down to me, or did I tell him to bow down to me, or did I tell him to bow down to her?  This is a tell him to bow down to her?  This is a tell him to bow down to her?  This is a cake for her. cake for her. cake for her. My daughter-in-law, Samithana, you are still here. My daughter-in-law, Samithana, you are still here. My daughter-in-law, Samithana, you are still here. You too fell down and bowed down to You too fell down and bowed down to You too fell down and bowed down to our father, who left me with a broken heart. our father, who left me with a broken heart. our father, who left me with a broken heart. Tell him that. Hello, Hello, Hello, I'm talking to you, my friend. I'm talking to you, my friend. I'm talking to you, my friend. Tell me. Tell me. Tell me. His physical condition is poor. His physical condition is poor. His physical condition is poor. The doctor said it would be over by today. The doctor said it would be over by today. The doctor said it would be over by today. You all came and watched once, and I told you You all came and watched once, and I told you You all came and watched once, and I told you 1008 times that you 1008 times that you 1008 times that you couldn't come.  If you keep repeating it, couldn't come.  If you keep repeating it, what respect is there for my word? If you what respect is there for my word? If you look at all the groomsmen, look look at all the groomsmen, look look at all the groomsmen, look here, there are 1008 Jollys in our house, not here, there are 1008 Jollys in our house, not here, there are 1008 Jollys in our house, not everyone can leave it everyone can leave it everyone can leave it .  Your daughter has a .  Your daughter has a .  Your daughter has a fever somewhere else.  What if I have a fever or feel better in the morning fever somewhere else.  What if I have a fever or feel better in the morning ?  [First] Your health may be good in the morning, but it will ?  [First] Your health may be good in the morning, but it will ?  [First] Your health may be good in the morning, but it will deteriorate in the afternoon. deteriorate in the afternoon. deteriorate in the afternoon. The evening will be good, but the night The evening will be good, but the night The evening will be good, but the night will be bad.  What will be bad.  What will be bad.  What do you say to do now that it's gone bad?  Hold on. My dear, how did you put this on? I My dear, how did you put this on? I have an implant now, better than you. Before, if you took a breath, it have an implant now, better than you. Before, if you took a breath, it have an implant now, better than you. Before, if you took a breath, it would not release immediately. It's been a while now. would not release immediately. It's been a while now. would not release immediately. It's been a while now. I think it will end soon. I think it will end soon. I think it would be okay if I poured the milk now.  Then should I wake everyone up and I think it would be okay if I poured the milk now.  Then should I wake everyone up and I think it would be okay if I poured the milk now.  Then should I wake everyone up and ask them to pump milk? ask them to pump milk? ask them to pump milk? Go buy buy buy buy buy Go buy buy buy buy buy Go buy buy buy buy buy oh how many times does it take to pour milk? oh how many times does it take to pour milk? oh how many times does it take to pour milk? You shouldn't say that.  Come to our grandfather's You shouldn't say that.  Come to our grandfather's You shouldn't say that.  Come to our grandfather's house and pour milk, Papa. house and pour milk, Papa. house and pour milk, Papa. You are the first to pour milk.  He's drunk and drunk and You are the first to pour milk.  He's drunk and drunk and You are the first to pour milk.  He's drunk and drunk and drunk.   They will drunk.   They will drunk.   They will suck the milk and die. suck the milk and die. suck the milk and die. Hey, listen to what the elders say. Oh my!  Buy buy buy.  Uncle, Oh my!  Buy buy buy.  Uncle, Oh my!  Buy buy buy.  Uncle, uncle uncle uncle Hey, wouldn't you be happy if I added a person Hey, wouldn't you be happy if I added a person Hey, wouldn't you be happy if I added a person ? ? ? This is a request, uncle.  Without it, I would have been unable to This is a request, uncle.  Without it, I would have been unable to This is a request, uncle.  Without it, I would have been unable to organize all the food, drinks, and entertainment organize all the food, drinks, and entertainment organize all the food, drinks, and entertainment . . . Why not just leave religion alone and get married Why not just leave religion alone and get married Why not just leave religion alone and get married ? ? ? Marriage is death, uncle.   The Marriage is death, uncle.   The Marriage is death, uncle.   The fear of losing your job has left you.  Evening newspaper fear of losing your job has left you.  Evening newspaper fear of losing your job has left you.  Evening newspaper .   Sir, where is your eye?   He has where is your eye?   He has where is your eye?   He has gone to the east.  The information is gone to the east.  The information is gone to the east.  The information is coming soon. Hey, come and don't go away, oh, don't be sad, oh, my God, oh, my oh, my God, oh, my oh, my God, oh, my God [laughter] Oh, my God [laughter] Oh, my God [laughter] Oh, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, where did you go, what did you leave behind, God, where did you go, what did you leave behind, God, where did you go, what did you leave behind, how did you leave this father? how did you leave this father? how did you leave this father? [screaming] Oh, my God, I've been sleeping, I've been sleeping, little by little, little by little, my [screaming] Oh, my God, I've been sleeping, I've been sleeping, little by little, little by little, my sister, my father, my father, my father, my father, my father, sister, my father, my father, my father, my father, my father, sister, my father, my father, my father, my father, my father, my father, my father, my father, you've got a photo, my father, you've got a photo, my father, you've got a photo, my father, my my my father, did you go and take it with you, did father, did you go and take it with you, did father, did you go and take it with you, did you do everything you had to do?  Who did you ask? you do everything you had to do?  Who did you ask? you do everything you had to do?  Who did you ask? Who did you ask? Who did you ask? Who did you ask? Oh [laughter] You bastards, you took me away without me coming. I won't let you go. Hey, I'll Oh [laughter] You bastards, you took me away without me coming. I won't let you go. Hey, I'll go to the Supreme Court and file a case against you. Hey, you've done everything go to the Supreme Court and file a case against you. Hey, you've done everything properly. What are you shouting? properly. What are you shouting? properly. What are you shouting? What are you shouting? Hello, I saw you at your shop to buy bread. You're What are you shouting? Hello, I saw you at your shop to buy bread. You're shouting. This is not your house. Remember me shouting. This is not your house. Remember me shouting. This is not your house. Remember me well. I'm shouting. Don't talk. I'm shouting. Don't talk. well. I'm shouting. Don't talk. I'm shouting. Don't talk. Who did you tie? Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't come and beat me. If Who did you tie? Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't come and beat me. If you're not here, people will you're not here, people will you're not here, people will give you a hand. How can I deal with them, give you a hand. How can I deal with them, give you a hand. How can I deal with them, brother?  Hey, you've been lying in bed for five years, you're sick, you can't stand it brother?  Hey, you've been lying in bed for five years, you're sick, you can't stand it brother?  Hey, you've been lying in bed for five years, you're sick, you can't stand it until you come. until you come. until you come. We didn't know you were coming, We didn't know you were coming, We didn't know you were coming, so we finished the things we had to do so we finished the things we had to do so we finished the things we had to do .   No matter .   No matter .   No matter what you say, I won't go and dig up what you say, I won't go and dig up what you say, I won't go and dig up my father's grave without seeing him my father's grave without seeing him my father's grave without seeing him . . . We burned the gravestone.   Did We burned the gravestone.   Did We burned the gravestone.   Did you burn it? you burn it? you burn it? Oh, you're so hot [laughter], you Oh, you're so hot [laughter], you can't even stand it if you drink hot coffee.  He can't even stand it if you drink hot coffee.  He can't even stand it if you drink hot coffee.  He is pouring fire on him, you are a scoundrel. Did you is pouring fire on him, you are a scoundrel. Did you is pouring fire on him, you are a scoundrel. Did you burn my sandalwood? Father, burn my sandalwood? Father, burn my sandalwood? Father, father, my God [laughter] My God, father, my God [laughter] My God, father, my God [laughter] My God, father, will I be able to sleep in this bed? father, will I be able to sleep in this bed? Father, I don't know where the crematorium is. Father, I don't know where the crematorium is. Father, I don't know where the crematorium is. Father, I don't know where the crematorium is. Father, I don't know where the crematorium is. Father, I don't know where the crematorium is. What should I What should I What should I do? This side is the place where the stench is coming from. do? This side is the place where the stench is coming from. do? This side is the place where the stench is coming from. God, God, God, my God, where is my God? [ my God, where is my God? [ my God, where is my God? [ screaming] screaming] screaming] [laughter] Father, father, father, father, father, [screaming] Father, father, father, father, will you tell me the white color? Thiruvippa, then it will burn and become Thiruvippa, then it will burn and become Thiruvippa, then it will burn and become white. white. white. Father, our father, our father, did you see me when I Father, our father, our father, did you see me when I Father, our father, our father, did you see me when I went out of town and die? went out of town and die? went out of town and die? Our brothers and sisters burned me without Our brothers and sisters burned me without Our brothers and sisters burned me without my knowledge. They my knowledge. They my knowledge. They came to see my face and lie there, pale and pale came to see my face and lie there, pale and pale came to see my face and lie there, pale and pale [laughter] Are you lying like this?  The [laughter] Are you lying like this?  The [laughter] Are you lying like this?  The place where Magansami Moodevi burned your father is there place where Magansami Moodevi burned your father is there place where Magansami Moodevi burned your father is there . . . Who is this, Anka?  Peace only if you die the day before Who is this, Anka?  Peace only if you die the day before Who is this, Anka?  Peace only if you die the day before . . . Peace? Peace? Peace? Shanti, who died by hanging. Mom, mom, mom, Mom, mom, mom, Mom, mom, mom, what's up, uncle, mother? what's up, uncle, mother? what's up, uncle, mother? Who is calling the groom, mother?   My Who is calling the groom, mother?   My Who is calling the groom, mother?   My body aches and hurts. body aches and hurts. There is only one person in the class, Kadamada Kadamada, sir.  This is something that There is only one person in the class, Kadamada Kadamada, sir.  This is something that There is only one person in the class, Kadamada Kadamada, sir.  This is something that should not be imitated.  I'm should not be imitated.  I'm should not be imitated.  I'm a little helper, I'm going to the a little helper, I'm going to the a little helper, I'm going to the garden, I'm going to the side of the house, I'm going to go and [ __ ] you, I'm going to go and [ __ ] you, I'm going to go and [ __ ] you, I'm going to [ __ ] you, I'm garden, I'm going to the side of the house, I'm going to go and [ __ ] you, I'm going to go and [ __ ] you, I'm going to go and [ __ ] you, I'm going to [ __ ] you, I'm going to [ __ ] you, you have to go and [ __ ] me, I'm going to [ __ ] going to [ __ ] you, you have to go and [ __ ] me, I'm going to [ __ ] you  I'm not a you  I'm not a you  I'm not a big man now, uncle, big man now, uncle, big man now, uncle, just one time, I'm a married man, I just one time, I'm a married man, I just one time, I'm a married man, I don't know the age.  This is the age of knowledge. don't know the age.  This is the age of knowledge. don't know the age.  This is the age of knowledge. Oh, the age of the sun.  Let's go together, Oh, the age of the sun.  Let's go together, Oh, the age of the sun.  Let's go together, Bamawa. I hear some kind of noise. hear some kind of noise. hear some kind of noise. This is what I need at night.  Did This is what I need at night.  Did This is what I need at night.  Did you see it moving? you see it moving? you see it moving? What is the wave? What is the wave? What is the wave? That's it, uncle, this Mohini devil, That's it, uncle, this Mohini devil, That's it, uncle, this Mohini devil, that washing Mohini devil, why is it that washing Mohini devil, why is it that washing Mohini devil, why is it wandering around here? wandering around here? wandering around here? They are wandering around looking for their lover. They are wandering around looking for their lover. They are wandering around looking for their lover. Will they have love? Will they have love? Will they have love? That's why, uncle, at a time like this, That's why, uncle, at a time like this, That's why, uncle, at a time like this, people like you would cross the road people like you would cross the road people like you would cross the road .  Mom, .  Mom, .  Mom, mom, you hit me like this.   Are you mom, you hit me like this.   Are you mom, you hit me like this.   Are you asking me again?   Don't ask, okay, asking me again?   Don't ask, okay, asking me again?   Don't ask, okay, now go, now go, now go, I won't come, I'll wait until I'm done, I'll go to I won't come, I'll wait until I'm done, I'll go to I won't come, I'll wait until I'm done, I'll go to bed when I'm done bed when I'm done bed when I'm done .  [Laughter] .  [Laughter] .  [Laughter] Oh my, is it a good thing? Oh my, oh my, oh my, oh oh oh my, what's wrong with you? Everything you my, what's wrong with you? Everything you my, what's wrong with you? Everything you wrote in peacock ink is gone. wrote in peacock ink is gone. wrote in peacock ink is gone. [Crying] Why are [Crying] Why are you still thinking about your money? Cry. you still thinking about your money? Cry. you still thinking about your money? Cry. He's the one who put the skull on. Will he come back as a koala? Oh my, it's gone. He's the one who put the skull on. Will he come back as a koala? Oh my, it's gone. He's the one who put the skull on. Will he come back as a koala? Oh my, it's gone. I don't know I don't know I don't know where they took the money. It's in where they took the money. It's in where they took the money. It's in that thicket. that thicket. that thicket. Why didn't they ask for it now? They went to celebrate it with a bang. They Why didn't they ask for it now? They went to celebrate it with a bang. They Why didn't they ask for it now? They went to celebrate it with a bang. They celebrated it happily and took everything away. celebrated it happily and took everything away. Did they do anything else? Did they do anything else? Did they do anything else? That's how they thought, " That's how they thought, " That's how they thought, " Oh Raja, if I die tomorrow, they will Oh Raja, if I die tomorrow, they will Oh Raja, if I die tomorrow, they will do the same to me. Don't let your do the same to me. Don't let your do the same to me. Don't let your grandmother, relatives, friends, and grandmother, relatives, friends, and grandmother, relatives, friends, and granddaughters be sad. We sent them to heaven because they were all well granddaughters be sad. We sent them to heaven because they were all well granddaughters be sad. We sent them to heaven because they were all well ." ." ." Why Why Why do you take your body for granted? do you take your body for granted? do you take your body for granted? When can the Kannanatha affair be resolved? When can the Kannanatha affair be resolved? When can the Kannanatha affair be resolved? Can it be resolved on the 16th day? Can it be resolved on the 16th day? Can it be resolved on the 16th day? No, sir, the 16th day will No, sir, the 16th day will No, sir, the 16th day will be postponed.  Everyone has a friend. be postponed.  Everyone has a friend. be postponed.  Everyone has a friend. Tomorrow is the third day, let's Tomorrow is the third day, let's Tomorrow is the third day, let's stay the same.  What my brother says is right.   Let's stay the same.  What my brother says is right.   Let's stay the same.  What my brother says is right.   Let's plan today and get things done tomorrow plan today and get things done tomorrow plan today and get things done tomorrow . . . Okay, okay, everyone, let's go.   Let's Okay, okay, everyone, let's go.   Let's Okay, okay, everyone, let's go.   Let's go to the forest and get some milk.  Hey, my dear, come here, go to the forest and get some milk.  Hey, my dear, come here, why me?  Should I why me?  Should I why me?  Should I go to the crematorium and get a haircut?  Go, Pope. go to the crematorium and get a haircut?  Go, Pope. go to the crematorium and get a haircut?  Go, Pope. Oh, don't be scared, girl. Oh, don't be scared, girl. Oh, don't be scared, girl. You're crying so much.   There is no city, You're crying so much.   There is no city, You're crying so much.   There is no city, go and gather inside, do go and gather inside, do go and gather inside, do n't be idle. When you n't be idle. When you n't be idle. When you are idle, why do you are idle, why do you are idle, why do you lie dead? The dead only rot. lie dead? The dead only rot. lie dead? The dead only rot. He leaves after giving up everything.  [Bell] He leaves after giving up everything.  [Bell] He leaves after giving up everything.  [Bell] Hey, what are you doing, Hey, what are you doing, Hey, what are you doing, brother? Hey, who's that kid playing? My Hey, who's that kid playing? My Hey, who's that kid playing? My neighbor's kid is my friend. neighbor's kid is my friend. neighbor's kid is my friend. How are you? Everyone went to the forest. I How are you? Everyone went to the forest. I How are you? Everyone went to the forest. I came after came after came after everyone left. I stood there and watched. I came back. I stood there and watched. I stood there and watched. What makes you so everyone left. I stood there and watched. I came back. I stood there and watched. I stood there and watched. What makes you so everyone left. I stood there and watched. I came back. I stood there and watched. I stood there and watched. What makes you so brave? brave? brave? Oh, my big brother. What are you? Oh, my big brother. What are you? Oh, my big brother. What are you? Your grandmother is always on the line. What's wrong? You always Your grandmother is always on the line. What's wrong? You always Your grandmother is always on the line. What's wrong? You always smile like an old man. What's wrong? Don't be quiet. smile like an old man. What's wrong? Don't be quiet. I thought about my grandfather. I cried all this time. I thought about my grandfather. I cried all this time. I thought about my grandfather. I cried all this time. What's wrong with you? He didn't look What's wrong with you? He didn't look What's wrong with you? He didn't look good for his age. He looked good for his age. He looked good for his age. He looked like he was going to die. He was going to get like he was going to die. He was going to get like he was going to die. He was going to get married. He was happy. married. He was happy. married. He was happy. Hey, hey, shut up, that's the problem.   It's a Hey, hey, shut up, that's the problem.   It's a Hey, hey, shut up, that's the problem.   It's a big problem, especially for adults. big problem, especially for adults. big problem, especially for adults. Look at those children, they're playing happily without any [screaming] Look at those children, they're playing happily without any [screaming] Look at those children, they're playing happily without any [screaming] problems problems problems .  No, we .  No, we were happy and playful when we were young.  What are you doing?  As I get older, I become more and more were happy and playful when we were young.  What are you doing?  As I get older, I become more and more were happy and playful when we were young.  What are you doing?  As I get older, I become more and more anxious and afraid of what might happen anxious and afraid of what might happen anxious and afraid of what might happen .  Some things should be feared .  Some things should be feared .  Some things should be feared . . . Why [screaming] Even now, we too Why [screaming] Even now, we too Why [screaming] Even now, we too can become children.  Is this magic? can become children.  Is this magic? can become children.  Is this magic? That's not all.  We can also play blindfolded games with the children That's not all.  We can also play blindfolded games with the children That's not all.  We can also play blindfolded games with the children .   I .   I .   I 'm fine, I'm ready.  I'm also ready, you guys, I don't know 'm fine, I'm ready.  I'm also ready, you guys, I don't know 'm fine, I'm ready.  I'm also ready, you guys, I don't know what game you're going to play in your sad house when you're what game you're going to play in your sad house when you're what game you're going to play in your sad house when you're seven years old. seven years old. seven years old. Playing without me is a Playing without me is a Playing without me is a game, is it respectful? game, is it respectful? game, is it respectful? Include me too, otherwise I'll be gone. Include me too, otherwise I'll be gone. Include me too, otherwise I'll be gone. Come on, Come on, Come on, okay, Jude, oh my, our light dogs, go over there and get my, our light dogs, go over there and get my, our light dogs, go over there and get lost. [Laughter] We have to go there. What is it? What is it? What is it? Uncle, who was very happy and smiling. Uncle, who was very happy and smiling. Uncle, who was very happy and smiling. Oh, you're married, you're a big Oh, you're married, you're a big Oh, you're married, you're a big eye, [laughter] and you're starting to get angry, right? Are you including Perusungal in this game right? Are you including Perusungal in this game right? Are you including Perusungal in this game ?  Then, saying something, "What the ?  Then, saying something, "What the ?  Then, saying something, "What the hell, did you take the night away and burn it? Is hell, did you take the night away and burn it? Is this the place where the moisture still lingers?" this the place where the moisture still lingers?" this the place where the moisture still lingers?" Then will you go to the wedding house and Then will you go to the wedding house and Then will you go to the wedding house and arrange a wedding?   Even if arrange a wedding?   Even if arrange a wedding?   Even if I die, it's the same story.  Why is it that I die, it's the same story.  Why is it that I die, it's the same story.  Why is it that Aduwala Koothu Sabha is a Sabha is a Sabha is a good man? This man is good man? This man is good man? This man is being made to do this by his sister. I am being made to being made to do this by his sister. I am being made to being made to do this by his sister. I am being made to do this without being made to do this. They are do this without being made to do this. They are trying to trick me by giving me a girl and sending me away for free.