Ayooma,
you are the one who protects everyone.
What's the matter, my brother? As soon as he
arrived at the temple, he bought a bed and set it up. He
drank milk from the pond. He was so excited that he was in a crowd. He was so excited that he didn't know what to say. He said, "Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me,
I
was born like this. Does your uncle
know anything? He wants to reduce his anger and
become a good person. Your
daughter-in-law and I hang a picture of milk and
wander around like this.
Who? Is your husband my son
? I had a nickname for his husband without knowing it
. That guy is
like saying, "I'll
break your skull with this very thing, my man." If I
told you to do this, would
you do it to me?
Oh, if I had done this there,
he would
have broken the entire house into pieces.
So what's the point of this milk jug
being so dirty and dirty like this
? Man,
I am I am I am I am I am the only
one. Everyone is
playing the game of "Dingu Dingu" and "Dingu"
only when you come. How
can you act for that? Only when you come, the poor people will
believe you. Then, when you come, you will come. Hey, don't just sit there and be angry. You are going to get hurt.
My
brother, if you really come, come here.
Hey, come, come,
come. Your brother is calling you. Did
you call him?
Hey, what are you doing, I thought I should leave the shop and
get some milk, but I fell down and
hit you. Hey,
Samiya, sit at home and bow down.
I told you that you won't come to the temple. You are busy and
eating on an empty stomach. Why do you think that a
girl who has studied is also my idol? This is a
girl who has come of age. You throw water on the streets and
gather people. Hey,
Perusu, what are you doing? When something is not right,
I
agree to it when it is right. I will
come to the shop and see what is done. I will go and see what is done. I will go and see what is done. I will go and see what is done. I will
drive a scooter well. Where
did you teach me? I will be
afraid if I go.
What kind of party is it today?
Krishna, where is
it? They are giving me some kind of gift in college. He must have
gone to buy it.
They are giving me a gift, even my house.
Hey, where are you from?
You even
take your milk and go from temple to temple.
He is leaving the shop and going to college. If you go to
hell like this, you'll be a dove.
Why don't you just stop, man, man, man,
man, I'll go out while you're still here for a minute
. Only
then will my self-esteem be free from any tension
. Why are
you calling me by saying "Oh". I'm
not asking you to come back, but if you come back, I'll have to
break the time. When he
arrived, he ran away in a
hurry. He kept calling me, I
came to tell you that everyone is here, brother.
The evil is coming.
We too eat our food with equal salt
. Then,
touch and lick the salted pickle. It would be
cruel to us.
I gave you the salt and pickles.
Where did you get the money for the mask? You paid me
.
Okay, okay, don't talk too much. He went to Ramanadu and brought back
chilies in our cart
.
This should be said first. It's not a waste to
talk for so long
.
Okay, okay, Dad.
Where are you going without paying? Give me the money, take me to the
bus, drop me off, and
go.
Why are there
eight items in the biscuits? Is it
okay to add the spice mix?
Hi Krishna, what do you need? I know
what I need. Mom gave me the list.
What? Uncle, how are you? Are you doing well?
How is your father? Uncle, is
he doing well?
How is your business?
Why is your business not doing well?
Krishna, can't you take care of it a little?
What? You have a cold. That's why you cough. If you keep your cough
moist, clean the milk jug and the curd jug. You wo
n't get a cold. Janni will come.
What's wrong with you, Sami, do you
know where you are, Sami? You
cooked human food for me in the kitchen,
you even took 100 milk bottles, you left it in the right place for the person who
came, it's the same as if
I took 1000 milk bottles,
Sami Kumar, Sami,
beyond the work that God does, even milk is clean, it's like that, look, you
don't know anything,
like a child. If you get a slap on the wrist,
he'll get another slap on the wrist
. The doll is a doll.
Your son is grinning from ear to ear when he sees the children coming to the store
. He has
no flaws, he laughs until dawn,
I tell you one thing,
this waiting, stupid thing won't change. I'll tell
him to not be afraid and
tell him to be angry. If you knock
him down
twice and give him a good advice while lifting the milk jug, he'll understand
.
Just eat what Thirumala says.
You are the root cause of everything, 64 types of food, what to eat, what to cook.
The connection that is missing in the world that I have been searching for.
As soon as the knot was finished, Kanjanari washed her hands and asked, "
What did you tie?" "
Mother, please
This is all a matter of concern,
Dad, and
500 rupees are missing from your account.
[Pain] I
counted it myself. Look, I counted it
correctly. Look, I looked
carefully. I counted it two or three times
.
Hey Vanitha, who's here?
Mom, are
you okay? Are you
okay? My dear
uncle, Mom, where are you looking?
That's all I'm asking. I get off the bus,
say "Hi" and
ask at Karakudi when the bus will arrive. Mom is getting old.
Hello Samanthi, are you okay?
Is there something wrong?
How is Dad?
Why is that, you ask?
It's a bed. The doctor has given up everything. Will he
just hold his breath and drag himself away? A
man who lived well. It's not going well, it's just
lying there in a terrible state. How long does it take to
shed all that fire urine?
He is also suffering and making others
suffer. How
was Dad? I don't know what he was
thinking. Emma, ​​I wonder if he wanted to
see you all. It
would be nice if you all came and saw him once. Will
we come there or not? Will this
man leave?
Emma, ​​the
groom's daughter, has changed, but even if she changes,
she's still changing.
Even yesterday, I was beaten up by a poor child
. Who is
Krishna? Why did you hit me? There
were 500 marks in the account. He
goes to that place and hits that target.
Where are you coming from? I'm here
. Did
you think there was no way to ask?
Hey mother, why are you so good? [Music]
Here are 500.
What is this?
That amount is enough for your funeral. Did
you steal that? There is
no plagiarism in that. Our shop has a
hand in our stone carving rights.
Hey, who did you reach out to?
Who should I ask? If Anju goes out without even drinking a penny, and you
call her an orphan, why should I
go to a shop and beg?
If I beg like that, my mother will lose respect, and
I will take the money. What did you say
yesterday?
Where did you leave it? As soon as you saw it,
you sent someone to Ramanad to buy chillies and buy some firewood.
[Laughter] How
could you tell me in that excitement? I forgot everything. Whatever it is, I will
investigate and
do it. Has your friend
taken a penny from your grave yet? Has that Krishnan been with you for
so long
?
You treat them like a child, you beat them like a policeman wearing a police uniform.
You can leave, his father, so that he doesn't talk, you don't talk, you don't
talk [from the corner], you
go to the village and see if he is his age,
I respect the movie. If I had a
child with him, I would have
smashed his skull with a stone. Go,
everyone, go and see the work. This is not
fun, everyone,
take something in your hand and
go.
Hello, what do you want to do? If a monkey
is raised, the tree will become a brother to the tree
. No, no, it hasn't arrived yet, no, no, no, no,
I asked if I had forgotten to get the monkey, I said it hasn't arrived yet,
brother.
Krishna, Krishna,
is your father calling you? Father,
what is this, brother? [Music]
Break it up and see.
[Music] Do
you
like [Music]?
[Singing] If you tell me, if you tell me, if you tell
me, how is the tile you laid in the morning
working? That's it,
how is your uncle? Your family
is in a bad situation. I had to spend
a lot of money to see a doctor, but I was looking for two people who could deepen their wealth. The doctor also gave up
. Keep
singing this song. I think
he has a
desire to see all of you in his heart
.
So if
you all come and give him milk once,
I think he'll go without any trouble. That's right. Do
you think you can impose a murderous charge on me?
What are you saying? If I suck
milk and suckle the life that is dragging on, will
my family bear that terrible sin?
Look at this, no one will come from this house
. Instead of worrying about us not coming, just
be careful at the last minute. That's it. Hey, what the [ __ ] is wrong with
you? Call me.
Brother,
what's the matter?
Chicken broth. You've given up
everything.
Did you call me, my brother?
Hey, eat it.
[Music] Are
you eating?
Eat. It's still a bit of a
mess today. It smells
like soup. Uncle and mother told you
to eat well
. Eat.
Eat. Hey, Sotha, why don't you
eat curry?
Give it to me
Eat, eat, do
n't want,
what do you want? [Music]
Don't want liver,
eat liver, liver, eat liver, I don't
like liver,
what don't you like? Andy, doesn't he
like liver?
He doesn't like liver. I
like curry.
Hey, how about we go to the store alone tomorrow and
pick up the package? What do you want this to look
like?
Eat it. I don't eat, if I
eat I will vomit. I
will vomit. What the hell, will
eating liver make you vomit
? The
brother is coming. Oh, come on
Hey, would any father in the world
feed a boy this age? I will give you what you want,
eat it. No sir,
are you eating or are you eating, my little
girl? You're a little rascal, what are you
saying? Uncle,
you're
beating me for no reason
. Oh, oh, getting beaten is
new to us. We don't get beaten for ourselves.
One day, if he
doesn't beat you, he'll beat you himself.
Look, there's only one thing we have to take care of
. How much did
you beat me yesterday? How much will you
beat me today? Yesterday
he was beaten 10 times, but today
he was beaten only 8 times. In that case, we will gain 2 feet
. He lost his arrow. He's
beating you for something,
he's beating you for something, he's beating you for something, he's
going to make you sick,
look at your uncle, go outside and listen. If
I had said a word,
how much would it be? You're
not here, Uncle, you wouldn't like to live
like that. It's like I could die if I said that
. I'm living for my mother, who doesn't say anything. You don't want to
live for your mother.
This uncle lives for the two of you. Is
that enough? The groom's uncle, who is not talking, is very
angry. Take it. Come down safely. Good night.
Sleep well and peacefully. Sleep, sleep.
No, uncle.
Nothing. Uncle is the one who At
that
time, shall Krishnan and I go and
see Father? What a
great idea, what a
great idea.
How is he?
Sister, it's been half an hour since his spirit left, and
only his body is here.
Hey, hey, he's coming to me by
bus. We can
go on our scooter and get to the shock quickly
.
Correct, okay, look, all this food is
spilled,
can we have another plate?
I don't want it, uncle, tell me to pour it.
Someone is competing with me for a job. I'm going to bed
early in the morning. Come
here, come here, you terrible person. You're a
grandfather, go and look for water in a sack. No, he's a groom all the
time. He
only eats rice. What's the difference?
That's right. He's his son.
Oh, Krishna,
Krishna.
I'm going to Madurai. He'll open a blackberry shop. You
went to the Ezhumalai Agency and bought the tea powder,
right? Do what
Shuttata told you to do.
Krishna,
what did you take for the scooter ride?
Leave the bus stand and come
out. Hello. Yes,
I am going to Madurai. Okay, did you leave the stand and give me the token and go. I will pick you up when I come. No, take the cab and go. I am coming in an auto.
Hey, did you do that? You are inside.
You are going to Madurai. You came to buy
some money. I bought it and took the
next bus. Did
you see?
[Laughter] Is there any fried
food? [Laughter]
Today is the only day when my mind is full.
What are we doing talking happily like this?
We are all buying toys and
coming back. Even the birth of a baby
requires asking the mothers.
I saw everyone. It would have been nice if our mother had also
looked after the baby.
In that case, Miss, you should just
wait and see.
Oh, there's no chance of that, but
I have an idea.
What kind of scooter did you come on?
Krishnan and I went on a scooter and
sent Jananiya Krishnan too. Go ahead and watch
.
That's a good idea too. Hey Krishna, did you
go and get your mother?
Miss Miss,
how come Grandma is
driving alone like that? Come, let me open the door.
What are you doing?
What are you doing inside?
I came to buy something from Mom.
Mom has gone outside.
Where have you gone?
Which store to shop at? Just to
our shop.
Why go to our store?
To buy in Malaysia.
That's why my brother took me home with him [laughter]
.
Oh, my brother and mother took the minus one while I was away,
oh, it's not there
.
Where did you go with your mother?
We can get it,
why did you go to our shop? What are you doing, you idiot?
Leave the cart at the shop.
Oh, you're so dizzy,
how do you know what's going to happen? Oh, you've come to me, [screaming] You've made a beautiful image for your husband, okay, okay, you've made a hole in the ground, you've made a pot, your whole body is a bathhouse, you're so old, how can you cope with it somehow? How do you cope? What's up,
brother, where is
he?
Your sister
went to the temple.
Which temple?
Kunnakudi temple. Is it
okay?
Why am I so
scared?
Hello, Tirumalai Stores, did you
come to talk next? He must have arrived and
gone to Kunnakudi.
Why Kunnakudi? Even if they go to
Kunnakudi to look for us, they will only find you.
Your uncle Tanya said so.
Uncle, he said so himself.
He managed to do something by saying that
. He must have
gone to the pub with him. You too,
leave without saying a word and go to Kunnakudi. It is auspicious to
go to Kunna Kudi with your family and have darshan of Lord Murugan
.
Go, don't be like that, let's go
upstairs and see.
I'm waiting for the auto, you go,
son.
Hey,
brother, go upstairs and bring it back. I've been
looking for it downstairs. If you come, I'll put it in the fridge.
Brother, even if he climbs the mountain, Punniam has to go
. He's not climbing the mountain right now, he's studying right now. If you come down, you will climb the mountain.
[Music] Come
quickly from the cart, and get here.
Hurry up,
uncle,
uncle has gone to the mountain. He came,
good job, you drive, no more fear,
no fear?
What does the Sami say when he comes down from the top? Which Sami is there
?
Oh, is that something else? Then today, all
three of them scattered at the temple gate.
Hey, don't play around, tell me another way.
Should I go the way I came? I'll punch you in
the mouth. I'm scared. Don't
tell me.
Oh my, you two are like dust, I feel like
I'm going crazy
.
What's wrong,
are you crazy?
What are you doing, Mom?
Mom, what's wrong with you? Will you push and push and push? Is
our sister crazy? Oh, I'm lying on the mat in
the middle of the road when a lorry comes. Oh, my
sister is crazy at this age.
What will I do?
Take her to the hospital. Oh, buffaloes. I'm
acting like I'm showing off just to deceive your uncle. Did you see,
uncle? You too have the knowledge of our mother.
Yes, great knowledge is a bit of a joke.
What can I do? I'm going to the temple gate and the
temple.
What's up, come on, come on,
hurry up,
what's up, what's up,
Samasu, was there a
guy here? He just came, he's so dizzy,
where are you standing? [Music] Keep going,
win,
brother, have you seen the situation?
Hey, what's up, is
all this shouting for you, for me? What's up with me?
Yes, the astrologer, your planets are
not right. For that, if I pray and perform a
consecration at the foot of the Kunnakudi temple, will everything go
well? For that, why don't
Krishnan and I go to town this morning
?
Why are you asking that, son? Good job, I'm
hooked. Today, I am completely lost in thought
. [Laughter] I don't
know what a lady is.
What kind of knowledge does the person who asked her know? She
doesn't know the problem. My vagina is not fine. If she cleans it, will
my vagina be fine? She's beaten up.
What's the medicine that came? Hang up. Don't sleep.
Mom, hang up. [Laughter]
Hang up. Last
month,
your husband who didn't do it enough. He must have
found out. Keep quiet.
I'll tell you that. Let's see. Once
you've finished studying, your
knowledge should grow with age. What kind of person is Betthavala
Sami? If he came to me in a dream and told me what he was doing, why did he come and
give me everything I asked for,
shouldn't you go home and tell him? Now,
two people
are arguing with each other,
saying that it is in the pillar, that it is in the temple. There are so many pillars in the house that each person has
to gather one. Let's
go to the temple.
Whatever you think, go to the temple. If it happens, it won't happen.
I came to tell you that it happened like my sister did.
Hey, if you don't buy a lawyer for your sister, you can
take the night bus and go to Kumli in the morning
.
Let's go, let's go. Don't
go to this agent girl,
go straight to Ace. Go and buy pepper, cardamom, and
cloves. Let
's do it, let's do it. If you take
the bus with you to make purchases,
you can come here at night.
Come on, come on. Hey, I
sing a ragam for everything you say, I'm not a ragam singer. You've
been singing a ragam with Sudhi for so long. That's why
I was born in this village. If you keep singing like this
again, it's
all your fault. If I was
born a child, I would have been treated like a fool. If I had been born here without a
will, they would have treated me
like I didn't belong. I'll take you and go. Until the tenth day,
hey, you're flying away, you're
leaving. Is
there any respect in this house for the contribution of a hardworking man? I will work hard and bring what is needed for the house.
What's the problem? You go to the Lord.
What are you doing? I'm going to
the trouble for you, my lord. What's wrong with me? I'm
working hard and I'm doing everything I can. Did I
tell him to bow down to me, or did I
tell him to bow down to her? This is a
cake for her.
My daughter-in-law, Samithana, you are still here.
You too fell down and bowed down to
our father, who left me with a broken heart.
Tell him that.
Hello,
I'm talking to you, my friend.
Tell me.
His physical condition is poor.
The doctor said it would be over by today.
You all came and watched once, and I told you
1008 times that you
couldn't come. If you keep repeating it,
what respect is there for my word? If you
look at all the groomsmen, look
here, there are 1008 Jollys in our house, not
everyone can leave it
. Your daughter has a
fever somewhere else. What if I have a fever or feel better in the morning
? [First] Your health may be good in the morning, but it will
deteriorate in the afternoon.
The evening will be good, but the night
will be bad. What
do you say to do now that it's gone bad? Hold on.
My dear, how did you put this on? I
have an implant now, better than you. Before, if you took a breath, it
would not release immediately. It's been a while now.
I think it will end soon.
I think it would be okay if I poured the milk now. Then should I wake everyone up and
ask them to pump milk?
Go buy buy buy buy buy
oh how many times does it take to pour milk?
You shouldn't say that. Come to our grandfather's
house and pour milk, Papa.
You are the first to pour milk. He's drunk and drunk and
drunk. They will
suck the milk and die.
Hey, listen to what the elders say.
Oh my! Buy buy buy. Uncle,
uncle
Hey, wouldn't you be happy if I added a person
?
This is a request, uncle. Without it, I would have been unable to
organize all the food, drinks, and entertainment
.
Why not just leave religion alone and get married
?
Marriage is death, uncle. The
fear of losing your job has left you. Evening newspaper
. Sir,
where is your eye? He has
gone to the east. The information is
coming soon.
Hey, come and don't go away, oh, don't be sad,
oh, my God, oh, my
God [laughter] Oh, my
God, my God, my
God, where did you go, what did you leave behind,
how did you leave this father?
[screaming] Oh, my God, I've been sleeping, I've been sleeping, little by little, little by little, my
sister, my father, my father, my father, my father, my father,
you've got a photo, my father,
my
father, did you go and take it with you, did
you do everything you had to do? Who did you ask?
Oh [laughter] You bastards, you took me away without me coming. I won't let you go. Hey, I'll
go to the Supreme Court and file a case against you. Hey, you've done everything
properly. What are you shouting?
What are you shouting? Hello, I saw you at your shop to buy bread. You're
shouting. This is not your house. Remember me
well. I'm shouting. Don't talk. I'm shouting. Don't talk.
Who did you tie? Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't talk. Don't come and beat me. If
you're not here, people will
give you a hand. How can I deal with them,
brother? Hey, you've been lying in bed for five years, you're sick, you can't stand it
until you come.
We didn't know you were coming,
so we finished the things we had to do
. No matter
what you say, I won't go and dig up
my father's grave without seeing him
.
We burned the gravestone. Did
you burn it?
Oh, you're so hot [laughter], you
can't even stand it if you drink hot coffee. He
is pouring fire on him, you are a scoundrel. Did you
burn my sandalwood? Father,
father, my God [laughter] My God,
father, will I be able to sleep in this bed?
Father, I don't know where the crematorium is.
What should I
do? This side is the place where the stench is coming from.
God,
my God, where is my God? [
screaming]
[laughter] Father, father, father, father, father, [screaming] Father, father, father, father, will you tell me the white color?
Thiruvippa, then it will burn and become
white.
Father, our father, our father, did you see me when I
went out of town and die?
Our brothers and sisters burned me without
my knowledge. They
came to see my face and lie there, pale and pale
[laughter] Are you lying like this? The
place where Magansami Moodevi burned your father is there
.
Who is this, Anka? Peace only if you die the day before
.
Peace?
Shanti, who died by hanging.
Mom, mom, mom,
what's up, uncle, mother?
Who is calling the groom, mother? My
body aches and hurts.
There is only one person in the class, Kadamada Kadamada, sir. This is something that
should not be imitated. I'm
a little helper, I'm going to the
garden, I'm going to the side of the house, I'm going to go and [ __ ] you, I'm going to go and [ __ ] you, I'm going to go and [ __ ] you, I'm going to [ __ ] you, I'm
going to [ __ ] you, you have to go and [ __ ] me, I'm going to [ __ ]
you I'm not a
big man now, uncle,
just one time, I'm a married man, I
don't know the age. This is the age of knowledge.
Oh, the age of the sun. Let's go together,
Bamawa. I
hear some kind of noise.
This is what I need at night. Did
you see it moving?
What is the wave?
That's it, uncle, this Mohini devil,
that washing Mohini devil, why is it
wandering around here?
They are wandering around looking for their lover.
Will they have love?
That's why, uncle, at a time like this,
people like you would cross the road
. Mom,
mom, you hit me like this. Are you
asking me again? Don't ask, okay,
now go,
I won't come, I'll wait until I'm done, I'll go to
bed when I'm done
. [Laughter]
Oh my, is it a good thing? Oh my, oh my, oh my,
oh
my, what's wrong with you? Everything you
wrote in peacock ink is gone.
[Crying] Why are
you still thinking about your money? Cry.
He's the one who put the skull on. Will he come back as a koala? Oh my, it's gone.
I don't know
where they took the money. It's in
that thicket.
Why didn't they ask for it now? They went to celebrate it with a bang. They
celebrated it happily and took everything away.
Did they do anything else?
That's how they thought, "
Oh Raja, if I die tomorrow, they will
do the same to me. Don't let your
grandmother, relatives, friends, and
granddaughters be sad. We sent them to heaven because they were all well
."
Why
do you take your body for granted?
When can the Kannanatha affair be resolved?
Can it be resolved on the 16th day?
No, sir, the 16th day will
be postponed. Everyone has a friend.
Tomorrow is the third day, let's
stay the same. What my brother says is right. Let's
plan today and get things done tomorrow
.
Okay, okay, everyone, let's go. Let's
go to the forest and get some milk. Hey, my dear, come here,
why me? Should I
go to the crematorium and get a haircut? Go, Pope.
Oh, don't be scared, girl.
You're crying so much. There is no city,
go and gather inside, do
n't be idle. When you
are idle, why do you
lie dead? The dead only rot.
He leaves after giving up everything. [Bell]
Hey, what are you doing,
brother?
Hey, who's that kid playing? My
neighbor's kid is my friend.
How are you? Everyone went to the forest. I
came after
everyone left. I stood there and watched. I came back. I stood there and watched. I stood there and watched. What makes you so
brave?
Oh, my big brother. What are you?
Your grandmother is always on the line. What's wrong? You always
smile like an old man. What's wrong? Don't be quiet.
I thought about my grandfather. I cried all this time.
What's wrong with you? He didn't look
good for his age. He looked
like he was going to die. He was going to get
married. He was happy.
Hey, hey, shut up, that's the problem. It's a
big problem, especially for adults.
Look at those children, they're playing happily without any [screaming]
problems
. No, we
were happy and playful when we were young. What are you doing? As I get older, I become more and more
anxious and afraid of what might happen
. Some things should be feared
.
Why [screaming] Even now, we too
can become children. Is this magic?
That's not all. We can also play blindfolded games with the children
. I
'm fine, I'm ready. I'm also ready, you guys, I don't know
what game you're going to play in your sad house when you're
seven years old.
Playing without me is a
game, is it respectful?
Include me too, otherwise I'll be gone.
Come on,
okay, Jude, oh
my, our light dogs, go over there and get
lost. [Laughter] We have to go there.
What is it?
Uncle, who was very happy and smiling.
Oh, you're married, you're a big
eye, [laughter] and you're starting to get angry,
right? Are you including Perusungal in this game
? Then, saying something, "What the
hell, did you take the night away and burn it? Is
this the place where the moisture still lingers?"
Then will you go to the wedding house and
arrange a wedding? Even if
I die, it's the same story. Why is it that
Aduwala Koothu
Sabha is a
good man? This man is
being made to do this by his sister. I am being made to
do this without being made to do this. They are
trying to trick me by giving me a girl and sending me away for free.
