Listen here, this is a hotel, we rented it for
two months,
then what should we dance, rich,
rich, rich,
you missed me, I can't do any work
properly, do you know, now
here, but don't make a fuss, just
go and clean the table, it's
okay, let's go [music]
[screaming] What did you tell
me to do, what did you tell me to do,
clean the table, I said, do you
clean me, sir,
where did you go, sir, can I
bring you some khichdi, etc.,
where are the chairs, his father said, clean the table and put the
chairs, if you want to sleep, did
you come here to sleep,
I'll go and do it, right, it's already a lie, or
not, it's all
rubbish, what should we do in the hotel, do
one job, keep the poor girl,
this father keeps everything on the
table, [laughter]
Oh, how much do you do, my head, what should I do, why should I hit
you, why did you rebel, beat me, eat me,
put the chairs under the table, I said, let me do it
Oh, oh, oh,
what are you doing, you
said to put a chair under the table,
now I'm like, oh, oh, you're trying to
close my hotel, do you
know that one day, after
saying that, the hotel won't run, will the customer go
down and sit down? Oh, where are you going, you are
worth going to fill the garbage, you are worth filling the garbage, take a broom,
come here, tell me what do you want to
eat,
cashew vegetables, almond vegetables, coconut vegetables, paneer,
masala, paneer, tikka, is there
anything in this?
Then what about the morning's boiled tea? Yesterday's poha is coming,
bring eight-day-old khichdi. Do you want it? Oh,
you don't want anything in this?
Come on, go, go.
Sir, why did you go? Sir, why did you go?
Uncle, you gave me the first khichdi in eight days.
Two-day-old poha came. What kind of
boiled tea did you say?
Your waiter told you that. He does
n't have any sense to talk to.
Auntie, did you tell me? Yes, I
told you.
Who will come to take orders? Come here and tell me. Will you
give me orders? Come here, no one else? Are there any
customers?
[Laughter] Manish, because of him, our house is
Baba
