Listen here, this is a hotel, we rented it for Listen here, this is a hotel, we rented it for Listen here, this is a hotel, we rented it for two months, two months, two months, then what should we dance, rich, then what should we dance, rich, then what should we dance, rich, rich, rich, rich, rich, rich, rich, you missed me, I can't do any work you missed me, I can't do any work you missed me, I can't do any work properly, do you know, now properly, do you know, now properly, do you know, now here, but don't make a fuss, just here, but don't make a fuss, just here, but don't make a fuss, just go and clean the table, it's go and clean the table, it's go and clean the table, it's okay, let's go [music] [screaming] What did you tell [screaming] What did you tell [screaming] What did you tell me to do, what did you tell me to do, me to do, what did you tell me to do, me to do, what did you tell me to do, clean the table, I said, do you clean the table, I said, do you clean the table, I said, do you clean me, sir, clean me, sir, clean me, sir, where did you go, sir, can I bring you some khichdi, etc., bring you some khichdi, etc., bring you some khichdi, etc., where are the chairs, his father said, clean the table and put the where are the chairs, his father said, clean the table and put the where are the chairs, his father said, clean the table and put the chairs, if you want to sleep, did chairs, if you want to sleep, did chairs, if you want to sleep, did you come here to sleep, you come here to sleep, you come here to sleep, I'll go and do it, right, it's already a lie, or I'll go and do it, right, it's already a lie, or I'll go and do it, right, it's already a lie, or not, it's all not, it's all not, it's all rubbish, what should we do in the hotel, do one job, keep the poor girl, one job, keep the poor girl, one job, keep the poor girl, this father keeps everything on the this father keeps everything on the this father keeps everything on the table, [laughter] table, [laughter] table, [laughter] Oh, how much do you do, my head, what should I do, why should I hit Oh, how much do you do, my head, what should I do, why should I hit Oh, how much do you do, my head, what should I do, why should I hit you, why did you rebel, beat me, eat me, you, why did you rebel, beat me, eat me, you, why did you rebel, beat me, eat me, put the chairs under the table, I said, let me do it put the chairs under the table, I said, let me do it put the chairs under the table, I said, let me do it Oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, what are you doing, you what are you doing, you what are you doing, you said to put a chair under the table, said to put a chair under the table, said to put a chair under the table, now I'm like, oh, oh, you're trying to now I'm like, oh, oh, you're trying to now I'm like, oh, oh, you're trying to close my hotel, do you close my hotel, do you close my hotel, do you know that one day, after know that one day, after know that one day, after saying that, the hotel won't run, will the customer go saying that, the hotel won't run, will the customer go saying that, the hotel won't run, will the customer go down and sit down?  Oh, where are you going, you are down and sit down?  Oh, where are you going, you are worth going to fill the garbage, you are worth filling the garbage, take a broom, worth going to fill the garbage, you are worth filling the garbage, take a broom, worth going to fill the garbage, you are worth filling the garbage, take a broom, come here, tell me what do you want to eat, eat, eat, cashew vegetables, almond vegetables, coconut vegetables, paneer, cashew vegetables, almond vegetables, coconut vegetables, paneer, cashew vegetables, almond vegetables, coconut vegetables, paneer, masala, paneer, tikka, is there masala, paneer, tikka, is there anything in this? anything in this? anything in this? Then what about the morning's boiled tea? Yesterday's poha is coming, Then what about the morning's boiled tea? Yesterday's poha is coming, Then what about the morning's boiled tea? Yesterday's poha is coming, bring eight-day-old khichdi. Do you want it? Oh, bring eight-day-old khichdi. Do you want it? Oh, bring eight-day-old khichdi. Do you want it? Oh, you don't want anything in this? you don't want anything in this? you don't want anything in this? Come on, go, go. Come on, go, go. Come on, go, go. Sir, why did you go? Sir, why did you go? Sir, why did you go? Sir, why did you go? Sir, why did you go? Sir, why did you go? Uncle, you gave me the first khichdi in eight days. Uncle, you gave me the first khichdi in eight days. Uncle, you gave me the first khichdi in eight days. Two-day-old poha came. What kind of Two-day-old poha came. What kind of Two-day-old poha came. What kind of boiled tea did you say? boiled tea did you say? boiled tea did you say? Your waiter told you that. He does Your waiter told you that. He does Your waiter told you that. He does n't have any sense to talk to. n't have any sense to talk to. n't have any sense to talk to. Auntie, did you tell me? Yes, I Auntie, did you tell me? Yes, I Auntie, did you tell me? Yes, I told you. told you. told you. Who will come to take orders? Come here and tell me. Will you Who will come to take orders? Come here and tell me. Will you Who will come to take orders? Come here and tell me. Will you give me orders? Come here, no one else? Are there any give me orders? Come here, no one else? Are there any give me orders? Come here, no one else? Are there any customers? customers? customers? [Laughter] Manish, because of him, our house is Baba