Hi friends. Today we're going to crochet Hi friends. Today we're going to crochet Hi friends. Today we're going to crochet Star Baby, a Waldorf inspired crochet Star Baby, a Waldorf inspired crochet Star Baby, a Waldorf inspired crochet doll that's low sew and quick to work doll that's low sew and quick to work doll that's low sew and quick to work up. [snorts] If you prefer written up. [snorts] If you prefer written up. [snorts] If you prefer written instructions, I have a printable PDF instructions, I have a printable PDF instructions, I have a printable PDF pattern available, which even includes pattern available, which even includes pattern available, which even includes bonus instructions on how to add a bit bonus instructions on how to add a bit bonus instructions on how to add a bit of hair to your doll. This Amigroomi of hair to your doll. This Amigroomi of hair to your doll. This Amigroomi makes a really sweet gift or craft fair makes a really sweet gift or craft fair makes a really sweet gift or craft fair product. As a disclaimer, if you're product. As a disclaimer, if you're product. As a disclaimer, if you're making this for a baby or young child, making this for a baby or young child, making this for a baby or young child, do not use plastic safety eyes as they do not use plastic safety eyes as they do not use plastic safety eyes as they can be a choking hazard. Embroider the can be a choking hazard. Embroider the can be a choking hazard. Embroider the eyes with thread or fine yarn instead. For this project, you will need bulky For this project, you will need bulky For this project, you will need bulky weight five Chanel velvet yarn, a 5mm weight five Chanel velvet yarn, a 5mm weight five Chanel velvet yarn, a 5mm and a 7mm crochet hook, 8 mm plastic and a 7mm crochet hook, 8 mm plastic and a 7mm crochet hook, 8 mm plastic safety eyes, or a black embroidery safety eyes, or a black embroidery safety eyes, or a black embroidery thread for embroidering the eyes, thread for embroidering the eyes, thread for embroidering the eyes, stuffing, yarn needle, and scissors. Let's start the head and inner body Let's start the head and inner body Let's start the head and inner body using the 5mm crochet hook and skin tone using the 5mm crochet hook and skin tone using the 5mm crochet hook and skin tone yarn. You can start off round one with a yarn. You can start off round one with a yarn. You can start off round one with a chain two method where you insert eight chain two method where you insert eight chain two method where you insert eight single crochets in the second chain from single crochets in the second chain from single crochets in the second chain from your hook or you can use the magic ring your hook or you can use the magic ring your hook or you can use the magic ring method that I'll be doing here. First, method that I'll be doing here. First, method that I'll be doing here. First, you're going to make the slip knot for you're going to make the slip knot for you're going to make the slip knot for the magic ring. the magic ring. the magic ring. And then you are going to insert the And then you are going to insert the And then you are going to insert the single crochets in the ring. I'm going single crochets in the ring. I'm going single crochets in the ring. I'm going to insert the eight single crochets. to insert the eight single crochets. to insert the eight single crochets. That's one That's one That's one 5 6 5 6 5 6 7 and 8. 7 and 8. 7 and 8. Then I'm going to tighten the ring. And that is that for round number one. And that is that for round number one. And that is that for round number one. For round two, we are going to increase For round two, we are going to increase For round two, we are going to increase all the way around. So, inserting your all the way around. So, inserting your all the way around. So, inserting your hook into that very first stitch, we're hook into that very first stitch, we're hook into that very first stitch, we're going to make an increase by putting in going to make an increase by putting in going to make an increase by putting in two single crochets in the same stitch. two single crochets in the same stitch. two single crochets in the same stitch. That's one and two. That's one and two. That's one and two. Let's repeat around. Here's my second Let's repeat around. Here's my second Let's repeat around. Here's my second increase. One and two single crochets. increase. One and two single crochets. increase. One and two single crochets. Here's my third increase. Here is my fourth increase. fifth increase and 8. and 8. and 8. After you finish round two, we're going After you finish round two, we're going After you finish round two, we're going to move on to round number three. At to move on to round number three. At to move on to round number three. At this point, if you'd like to add a this point, if you'd like to add a this point, if you'd like to add a little yarn scrap to keep track of where little yarn scrap to keep track of where little yarn scrap to keep track of where the start of your rounds is, um that the start of your rounds is, um that the start of your rounds is, um that would be a nifty idea. Otherwise, um, a would be a nifty idea. Otherwise, um, a would be a nifty idea. Otherwise, um, a stitch marker also works really well. Or stitch marker also works really well. Or stitch marker also works really well. Or if you're good at keeping track if you're good at keeping track if you're good at keeping track mentally, you can do that as well, of mentally, you can do that as well, of mentally, you can do that as well, of course. So, for round number three, course. So, for round number three, course. So, for round number three, we're going to single crochet and then we're going to single crochet and then we're going to single crochet and then increase, repeating that around. increase, repeating that around. increase, repeating that around. Single crochet, Single crochet, Single crochet, increase in the next stitch, increase in the next stitch, increase in the next stitch, repeating that around, single crochet, repeating that around, single crochet, repeating that around, single crochet, and increase. And you're going to repeat and increase. And you're going to repeat and increase. And you're going to repeat this for a total of eight times, coming this for a total of eight times, coming this for a total of eight times, coming out with 24 single crochets at the end, out with 24 single crochets at the end, out with 24 single crochets at the end, or 24 stitches, excuse me. After that, you are going to move on to After that, you are going to move on to After that, you are going to move on to round four. For round four to eight, all round four. For round four to eight, all round four. For round four to eight, all you're going to do is single crochet you're going to do is single crochet you're going to do is single crochet around. So, here um and you can move around. So, here um and you can move around. So, here um and you can move your stitch marker up if you'd like, but your stitch marker up if you'd like, but your stitch marker up if you'd like, but you're simply going to insert one single you're simply going to insert one single you're simply going to insert one single crochet in each stitch around. And what crochet in each stitch around. And what crochet in each stitch around. And what that does is create um the length for that does is create um the length for that does is create um the length for the doll's head. You're going to get a the doll's head. You're going to get a the doll's head. You're going to get a long um shape now instead of just a flat long um shape now instead of just a flat long um shape now instead of just a flat circle. circle. circle. And we are going to meet back at the end And we are going to meet back at the end And we are going to meet back at the end of round eight. of round eight. of round eight. Again, just insert one single crochet in Again, just insert one single crochet in Again, just insert one single crochet in each stitch around for the next few each stitch around for the next few each stitch around for the next few rounds. Here's a look at round number eight Here's a look at round number eight Here's a look at round number eight complete. Counting from where I placed complete. Counting from where I placed complete. Counting from where I placed the stitch marker for four. That's four, the stitch marker for four. That's four, the stitch marker for four. That's four, five, 6, 7, and 8. And now what we're five, 6, 7, and 8. And now what we're five, 6, 7, and 8. And now what we're going to do is start round nine. And going to do is start round nine. And going to do is start round nine. And round nine is going to involve a round nine is going to involve a round nine is going to involve a decrease. We're going to first single decrease. We're going to first single decrease. We're going to first single crochet. And in the next stitch, we're crochet. And in the next stitch, we're crochet. And in the next stitch, we're going to make a decrease. going to make a decrease. going to make a decrease. So that's single crocheting two stitches So that's single crocheting two stitches So that's single crocheting two stitches together. together. together. Repeat that around. Single crochet and Repeat that around. Single crochet and Repeat that around. Single crochet and then decrease. Single crochet Single crochet Single crochet and decrease. And we're going to repeat around for a And we're going to repeat around for a And we're going to repeat around for a total of 16 stitches. For the eyes, you have a couple For the eyes, you have a couple For the eyes, you have a couple different options here. In this baby, different options here. In this baby, different options here. In this baby, um, I used 8 mm eyes and I spaced them um, I used 8 mm eyes and I spaced them um, I used 8 mm eyes and I spaced them five stitches apart. And in this baby, five stitches apart. And in this baby, five stitches apart. And in this baby, I'm going to be using 7 mm eyes, so I'm going to be using 7 mm eyes, so I'm going to be using 7 mm eyes, so slightly smaller, and spacing them four slightly smaller, and spacing them four slightly smaller, and spacing them four stitches apart. And the way I count is stitches apart. And the way I count is stitches apart. And the way I count is by moving um here. Let's count from by moving um here. Let's count from by moving um here. Let's count from here. So here is the hole for the first here. So here is the hole for the first here. So here is the hole for the first eye. We're going to go four stitches eye. We're going to go four stitches eye. We're going to go four stitches over. That's one 2 three and four. Like over. That's one 2 three and four. Like over. That's one 2 three and four. Like so. And I do place uh both of them so. And I do place uh both of them so. And I do place uh both of them between round six and seven. Counting between round six and seven. Counting between round six and seven. Counting from the from the top. That's 1 2 3 4 5 from the from the top. That's 1 2 3 4 5 from the from the top. That's 1 2 3 4 5 6 and seven. So between six and seven 6 and seven. So between six and seven 6 and seven. So between six and seven would be the eye placement. Now you're would be the eye placement. Now you're would be the eye placement. Now you're welcome to change it up. Use any size welcome to change it up. Use any size welcome to change it up. Use any size eye you want and space it as far or as eye you want and space it as far or as eye you want and space it as far or as close apart as you'd like. And you can close apart as you'd like. And you can close apart as you'd like. And you can even choose different uh rounds to put even choose different uh rounds to put even choose different uh rounds to put them in. But here's what um here's an them in. But here's what um here's an them in. But here's what um here's an example of what it would look like if example of what it would look like if example of what it would look like if you follow my instructions. you follow my instructions. you follow my instructions. Now, once you're happy with the Now, once you're happy with the Now, once you're happy with the placement of the eyes, go ahead and placement of the eyes, go ahead and placement of the eyes, go ahead and secure the backings, and then we'll move secure the backings, and then we'll move secure the backings, and then we'll move on to the next round. I forgot to on to the next round. I forgot to on to the next round. I forgot to mention, after round number nine, it's a mention, after round number nine, it's a mention, after round number nine, it's a good time to stuff your Amigurumi's good time to stuff your Amigurumi's good time to stuff your Amigurumi's head. So, let's go ahead and um stuff head. So, let's go ahead and um stuff head. So, let's go ahead and um stuff the head before we move on. And for the next round, we're simply And for the next round, we're simply And for the next round, we're simply going to decrease all the way around. going to decrease all the way around. going to decrease all the way around. So, that's going to be eight decreases So, that's going to be eight decreases So, that's going to be eight decreases in total. Here's my first decrease. Number two. Number three. Number four. number five, number six, number six, number six, and number seven. And last but not least, number eight. And last but not least, number eight. And last but not least, number eight. All right, so that's eight decreases all All right, so that's eight decreases all All right, so that's eight decreases all the way around. For this next round, we're simply going For this next round, we're simply going For this next round, we're simply going to single crochet all the way around. to single crochet all the way around. to single crochet all the way around. So, insert one single crochet in each of So, insert one single crochet in each of So, insert one single crochet in each of those eight decreases. That's going to give you eight single That's going to give you eight single That's going to give you eight single crochets total. And now we're going to increase all the And now we're going to increase all the And now we're going to increase all the way around. So in that first um single way around. So in that first um single way around. So in that first um single crochet here, I'm going to insert two crochet here, I'm going to insert two crochet here, I'm going to insert two stitches. Here's an increase Here's an increase Here's an increase and increase in the next stitch. and increase in the next stitch. and increase in the next stitch. Increase in the third, Increase in the third, Increase in the third, etc. You're going to notice your amigroomi is You're going to notice your amigroomi is You're going to notice your amigroomi is going to have a neck now. And here is going to have a neck now. And here is going to have a neck now. And here is where the inner body is forming. where the inner body is forming. where the inner body is forming. And now for rounds 13 to 19, you're And now for rounds 13 to 19, you're And now for rounds 13 to 19, you're simply going to single crochet around simply going to single crochet around simply going to single crochet around putting one single crochet in each putting one single crochet in each putting one single crochet in each stitch. And again, um, using a stitch stitch. And again, um, using a stitch stitch. And again, um, using a stitch marker or a yarn scrap to keep track of marker or a yarn scrap to keep track of marker or a yarn scrap to keep track of your rounds would be really helpful. I'm your rounds would be really helpful. I'm your rounds would be really helpful. I'm putting it right at the start of round putting it right at the start of round putting it right at the start of round 13 here, where I, um, am going to count 13 here, where I, um, am going to count 13 here, where I, um, am going to count up all the way till 19. up all the way till 19. up all the way till 19. So, let's go ahead um, and meet back at So, let's go ahead um, and meet back at So, let's go ahead um, and meet back at the end of round 19. the end of round 19. the end of round 19. Here's a look at round 19 complete. Here's a look at round 19 complete. Here's a look at round 19 complete. counting from the um stitch marker at counting from the um stitch marker at counting from the um stitch marker at round 13. That's 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, round 13. That's 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, round 13. That's 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, and 19. So now um before we finish off and 19. So now um before we finish off and 19. So now um before we finish off the um groomy's body, we're going to the um groomy's body, we're going to the um groomy's body, we're going to stuff it with um some fiberfill. Let's go ahead and finish off with the Let's go ahead and finish off with the Let's go ahead and finish off with the last round. For round 20, we're just last round. For round 20, we're just last round. For round 20, we're just going to simply decrease around. So, going to simply decrease around. So, going to simply decrease around. So, here's my first decrease, here's my first decrease, here's my first decrease, and it's going to be a total of eight and it's going to be a total of eight and it's going to be a total of eight repetitions. repetitions. repetitions. Here's number two. Here's number two. Here's number two. Number three. Number four. Five. and eight. And after you finish round 20, you can And after you finish round 20, you can And after you finish round 20, you can go ahead and fasten off with a long go ahead and fasten off with a long go ahead and fasten off with a long tail. You are going to be using that tail. You are going to be using that tail. You are going to be using that long tail to sew the opening of the body long tail to sew the opening of the body long tail to sew the opening of the body closed. So, um, let me show you how I closed. So, um, let me show you how I closed. So, um, let me show you how I like to do it. Um, it's very easy. like to do it. Um, it's very easy. like to do it. Um, it's very easy. You're going to first attach a yarn You're going to first attach a yarn You're going to first attach a yarn needle needle needle and then you're going to simply make a and then you're going to simply make a and then you're going to simply make a running stitch all the way around in the running stitch all the way around in the running stitch all the way around in the front loops only. So here I'm going in front loops only. So here I'm going in front loops only. So here I'm going in the first front loop and out the next. the first front loop and out the next. the first front loop and out the next. Keep the tail loose and um relax for Keep the tail loose and um relax for Keep the tail loose and um relax for now. In and out those front loops. In now. In and out those front loops. In now. In and out those front loops. In and out and out and out and in and out. So that takes us to um and in and out. So that takes us to um and in and out. So that takes us to um the whole round. And now as I pull that the whole round. And now as I pull that the whole round. And now as I pull that yarn tail tight, it will cinch closed yarn tail tight, it will cinch closed yarn tail tight, it will cinch closed neatly neatly neatly like so. And now all you have to do is to weave And now all you have to do is to weave And now all you have to do is to weave in the end. And as a tip, if your doll's body is a And as a tip, if your doll's body is a And as a tip, if your doll's body is a little bit um lopsided or caved in or little bit um lopsided or caved in or little bit um lopsided or caved in or dented [clears throat] in certain areas dented [clears throat] in certain areas dented [clears throat] in certain areas due to the crocheting or sewing, you can due to the crocheting or sewing, you can due to the crocheting or sewing, you can go ahead and just puff it right back up go ahead and just puff it right back up go ahead and just puff it right back up with a yarn needle. something really with a yarn needle. something really with a yarn needle. something really thin that'll help you um move into the thin that'll help you um move into the thin that'll help you um move into the stitches without um ma making the stitches without um ma making the stitches without um ma making the stitches too large. So, here is what the stitches too large. So, here is what the stitches too large. So, here is what the head and the inner body looks like head and the inner body looks like head and the inner body looks like finished. And it's time to move on to the next And it's time to move on to the next And it's time to move on to the next part. For this star, you are going to be using For this star, you are going to be using For this star, you are going to be using a 7 mm crochet hook with the yellow a 7 mm crochet hook with the yellow a 7 mm crochet hook with the yellow yarn. To begin, we're going to start yarn. To begin, we're going to start yarn. To begin, we're going to start round one with a magic ring. In the round one with a magic ring. In the round one with a magic ring. In the magic ring, we're going to insert eight magic ring, we're going to insert eight magic ring, we're going to insert eight single crochets. Here's my slip knot to single crochets. Here's my slip knot to single crochets. Here's my slip knot to begin. And now here's one begin. And now here's one begin. And now here's one and 8. and 8. and 8. And now we're going to pull the ring And now we're going to pull the ring And now we're going to pull the ring tight. After you do that, we're going to begin After you do that, we're going to begin After you do that, we're going to begin on round two. For round two, we're on round two. For round two, we're on round two. For round two, we're simply going to increase all the way simply going to increase all the way simply going to increase all the way around. So, going into the first stitch, around. So, going into the first stitch, around. So, going into the first stitch, I'm going to insert two single crochets. In this next stitch, I'm also going to In this next stitch, I'm also going to In this next stitch, I'm also going to insert two single crochets. and continue increasing by inserting two and continue increasing by inserting two and continue increasing by inserting two single crochets in each stitch around. single crochets in each stitch around. single crochets in each stitch around. You'll be going from eight stitches to You'll be going from eight stitches to You'll be going from eight stitches to 16. After you finish round two, it's time to After you finish round two, it's time to After you finish round two, it's time to move on to round number three. For round move on to round number three. For round move on to round number three. For round three, we're going to single crochet and three, we're going to single crochet and three, we're going to single crochet and then increase all the way around. I'm then increase all the way around. I'm then increase all the way around. I'm just going to use a scrap of thread or just going to use a scrap of thread or just going to use a scrap of thread or yarn here to keep track of where the yarn here to keep track of where the yarn here to keep track of where the start of my round is. You can use a cute start of my round is. You can use a cute start of my round is. You can use a cute little stitch marker, too, if you'd little stitch marker, too, if you'd little stitch marker, too, if you'd like. like. like. So here, that's one single crochet and So here, that's one single crochet and So here, that's one single crochet and then increase in this next stitch. then increase in this next stitch. then increase in this next stitch. Oops. Then repeat that around. One single Then repeat that around. One single Then repeat that around. One single crochet crochet crochet and then increase in the next stitch. One single crochet and increase. As we repeat this all the way around, As we repeat this all the way around, As we repeat this all the way around, you'll end up with um 24 stitches at the That's that for round number three. For That's that for round number three. For That's that for round number three. For round four, we're going to single round four, we're going to single round four, we're going to single crochet twice and then increase, crochet twice and then increase, crochet twice and then increase, repeating that all the way around. So repeating that all the way around. So repeating that all the way around. So single crochet two single crochet two single crochet two and then increase in the next stitch, single crochet two, then increase, single crochet two, and then increase. And as you go around, you will end up And as you go around, you will end up And as you go around, you will end up with a total of 32 stitches. Here's a look at round number four complete. a look at round number four complete. a look at round number four complete. After you finish that, you are going to After you finish that, you are going to After you finish that, you are going to snip off the end for your first circle snip off the end for your first circle snip off the end for your first circle and then [clears throat] and then [clears throat] and then [clears throat] make a second circle without fastening make a second circle without fastening make a second circle without fastening off. So here, let me just pull out that off. So here, let me just pull out that off. So here, let me just pull out that yarn end. Okay. And now we're going to yarn end. Okay. And now we're going to yarn end. Okay. And now we're going to continue um with yarn attached to the continue um with yarn attached to the continue um with yarn attached to the second circle to make the arm of the second circle to make the arm of the second circle to make the arm of the star while joining to the first circle. star while joining to the first circle. star while joining to the first circle. Let's go ahead and smooth out this Let's go ahead and smooth out this Let's go ahead and smooth out this little bump here. Let's make that a little bump here. Let's make that a little bump here. Let's make that a smooth transition. So, skipping that smooth transition. So, skipping that smooth transition. So, skipping that first uh stitch, we're going to insert first uh stitch, we're going to insert first uh stitch, we're going to insert our hook from back to front in the our hook from back to front in the our hook from back to front in the second stitch. second stitch. second stitch. Pull the yarn through here. like so. And then insert your hook into like so. And then insert your hook into like so. And then insert your hook into that last stitch. that last stitch. that last stitch. So here, let me show you. Here's that So here, let me show you. Here's that So here, let me show you. Here's that last stitch. And you're going to go back last stitch. And you're going to go back last stitch. And you're going to go back to front through that back loop only, to front through that back loop only, to front through that back loop only, like so. And we're going to pull this like so. And we're going to pull this like so. And we're going to pull this yarn in through. yarn in through. yarn in through. And what it does is create a fake stitch And what it does is create a fake stitch And what it does is create a fake stitch on the very top of that first stitch. on the very top of that first stitch. on the very top of that first stitch. So, it's not adding or um taking away So, it's not adding or um taking away So, it's not adding or um taking away any stitches here. Our stitch count is any stitches here. Our stitch count is any stitches here. Our stitch count is still the same. It just makes for a still the same. It just makes for a still the same. It just makes for a smoother transition. Each limb will take up seven stitches of Each limb will take up seven stitches of Each limb will take up seven stitches of space. There will be four limbs total, space. There will be four limbs total, space. There will be four limbs total, two arms and two little legs. [snorts] two arms and two little legs. [snorts] two arms and two little legs. [snorts] And let me show you um just really And let me show you um just really And let me show you um just really quickly by marking the circle what that quickly by marking the circle what that quickly by marking the circle what that will look like. So if I count from here, will look like. So if I count from here, will look like. So if I count from here, the first stitch, that's 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. the first stitch, that's 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. the first stitch, that's 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. So right here is going to be the end of So right here is going to be the end of So right here is going to be the end of the first arm. Take up this much space. And then in Take up this much space. And then in Take up this much space. And then in this next one, this next one, this next one, let me just pull that through. let me just pull that through. let me just pull that through. We will count one, two, three, four, We will count one, two, three, four, We will count one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. And this will be the next limb. And this will be the next limb. And this will be the next limb. And then coming out of that next stitch, And then coming out of that next stitch, And then coming out of that next stitch, we're going to count seven more. So 1 2 3 four five six seven. And coming out of this last one, seven And coming out of this last one, seven And coming out of this last one, seven more. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. That will leave us with four stitches at That will leave us with four stitches at That will leave us with four stitches at the very end. And the four stitches are the very end. And the four stitches are the very end. And the four stitches are going to be for the head. All right. So, um if I come out of here All right. So, um if I come out of here All right. So, um if I come out of here for the front. So, here as you can see I have quickly So, here as you can see I have quickly So, here as you can see I have quickly marked the placement for the arms and marked the placement for the arms and marked the placement for the arms and legs. Here are seven stitches for the um legs. Here are seven stitches for the um legs. Here are seven stitches for the um for one little limb, seven stitches for for one little limb, seven stitches for for one little limb, seven stitches for another limb, seven stitches for another another limb, seven stitches for another another limb, seven stitches for another limb, and seven stitches for another limb, and seven stitches for another limb, and seven stitches for another limb. So, a total of 28 stitches will be limb. So, a total of 28 stitches will be limb. So, a total of 28 stitches will be used for the all four limbs. There's used for the all four limbs. There's used for the all four limbs. There's going to be four remaining up here. going to be four remaining up here. going to be four remaining up here. That's where we'll put the head in. That's where we'll put the head in. That's where we'll put the head in. All right. So, now without fastening off All right. So, now without fastening off All right. So, now without fastening off for um that second circle, we're going for um that second circle, we're going for um that second circle, we're going to crochet over to crochet over to crochet over um for the arm and connect to the um um for the arm and connect to the um um for the arm and connect to the um first circle we made. Let me show you first circle we made. Let me show you first circle we made. Let me show you how that's done. So here I'm going to single crochet So here I'm going to single crochet So here I'm going to single crochet seven. That's one 2 seven. That's one 2 seven. That's one 2 5 Oops. six and seven. Let's go ahead and combine the two Let's go ahead and combine the two Let's go ahead and combine the two circles together so that we can make the circles together so that we can make the circles together so that we can make the first arm. Now, just place the wrong first arm. Now, just place the wrong first arm. Now, just place the wrong sides of the circles together. sides of the circles together. sides of the circles together. And it doesn't really matter where um And it doesn't really matter where um And it doesn't really matter where um the start of your second um circles the start of your second um circles the start of your second um circles round is because that is since you've round is because that is since you've round is because that is since you've got that smooth transition going, it got that smooth transition going, it got that smooth transition going, it will be relatively seamless. will be relatively seamless. will be relatively seamless. All right. So, now that I've single All right. So, now that I've single All right. So, now that I've single crocheted seven for that first limb, I'm crocheted seven for that first limb, I'm crocheted seven for that first limb, I'm going to come to turn my piece so that going to come to turn my piece so that going to come to turn my piece so that I'm now looking at the second um excuse I'm now looking at the second um excuse I'm now looking at the second um excuse me, the first circle I made. me, the first circle I made. me, the first circle I made. And I'm going to insert my hook into one And I'm going to insert my hook into one And I'm going to insert my hook into one of the stitches in that circle. of the stitches in that circle. of the stitches in that circle. And I'm going to now single crochet And I'm going to now single crochet And I'm going to now single crochet seven. seven. seven. So that's one So that's one So that's one 7. 7. 7. Oops. And then here's the fun part. And then here's the fun part. And then here's the fun part. [clears throat] Make sure your circles [clears throat] Make sure your circles [clears throat] Make sure your circles are lined up. are lined up. are lined up. And remember, we're going to be working And remember, we're going to be working And remember, we're going to be working in rounds for the limbs. So, counting in rounds for the limbs. So, counting in rounds for the limbs. So, counting back uh 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. All right. This back uh 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. All right. This back uh 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. All right. This was the first stitch I started with was the first stitch I started with was the first stitch I started with um on the second circle side. So, I'm um on the second circle side. So, I'm um on the second circle side. So, I'm going to go into that first stitch that going to go into that first stitch that going to go into that first stitch that I had started with. Making sure I have I had started with. Making sure I have I had started with. Making sure I have seven on one side and seven on the back. seven on one side and seven on the back. seven on one side and seven on the back. And then I'm going to make a single And then I'm going to make a single And then I'm going to make a single crochet here. And that's the first single crochet of And that's the first single crochet of And that's the first single crochet of round two of the limb. round two of the limb. round two of the limb. For round two, we're going to single For round two, we're going to single For round two, we're going to single crochet five and then decrease two times crochet five and then decrease two times crochet five and then decrease two times around. So I have I had made that first around. So I have I had made that first around. So I have I had made that first single crochet already for round two. single crochet already for round two. single crochet already for round two. Now for we're going to do the second Now for we're going to do the second Now for we're going to do the second single crochet. single crochet. single crochet. Third, fourth, Third, fourth, Third, fourth, fifth, fifth, fifth, and a decrease. And now we're going to repeat that. So And now we're going to repeat that. So And now we're going to repeat that. So single crochet one. Oops. and a decrease. Now for round three, we're going to Now for round three, we're going to Now for round three, we're going to single crochet all the way around. So single crochet all the way around. So single crochet all the way around. So that's 12 single crochets around 11 and 12. And then we're going to decrease for the And then we're going to decrease for the And then we're going to decrease for the next round. Single crochet two and then next round. Single crochet two and then next round. Single crochet two and then decrease three times around. One, two, and then decrease. [clears throat] One, two, and then decrease. One, two, One, two, One, two, and decrease. Now we're going to just single crochet Now we're going to just single crochet Now we're going to just single crochet around. around. around. One 2 3 One 2 3 One 2 3 6 7 6 7 6 7 and now single crochet and decrease and now single crochet and decrease and now single crochet and decrease three times around. One single crochet. three times around. One single crochet. three times around. One single crochet. One decrease. One decrease. One decrease. One single crochet. One single crochet. One single crochet. One decrease. One single crochet. One decrease. One single crochet. One single crochet. One single crochet. And a decrease. All right. All right. All right. And at this point, um, with seven And at this point, um, with seven And at this point, um, with seven stitches left in your, excuse me, six stitches left in your, excuse me, six stitches left in your, excuse me, six stitches left in the round, we are going stitches left in the round, we are going stitches left in the round, we are going to fasten off and we're going to sew the to fasten off and we're going to sew the to fasten off and we're going to sew the opening closed. You can use a yarn needle to quickly sew You can use a yarn needle to quickly sew You can use a yarn needle to quickly sew up the opening. up the opening. up the opening. How I like to do it is to go through um How I like to do it is to go through um How I like to do it is to go through um [clears throat] the front loops of the [clears throat] the front loops of the [clears throat] the front loops of the last round. So, I'll go put a running last round. So, I'll go put a running last round. So, I'll go put a running stitch through by going into the first stitch through by going into the first stitch through by going into the first front loop, out the next front loop, front loop, out the next front loop, front loop, out the next front loop, in the next front loop, out to the next, and then in and out. and then in and out. and then in and out. And then as you tighten it, you'll And then as you tighten it, you'll And then as you tighten it, you'll notice it cinches up to be a neat little notice it cinches up to be a neat little notice it cinches up to be a neat little closure. And you can weave that yarn end into the And you can weave that yarn end into the And you can weave that yarn end into the body. [clears throat] With the first limb finished, we're With the first limb finished, we're With the first limb finished, we're going to start on the second one. Now, going to start on the second one. Now, going to start on the second one. Now, um, as you can see, the first one ended um, as you can see, the first one ended um, as you can see, the first one ended here, and the next one is going to start here, and the next one is going to start here, and the next one is going to start in the next stitch. Now, I'm going to in the next stitch. Now, I'm going to in the next stitch. Now, I'm going to first pull some yarn through from the first pull some yarn through from the first pull some yarn through from the previous or the last stitch of the previous or the last stitch of the previous or the last stitch of the previous slim. previous slim. previous slim. And by doing so, I minimize this little And by doing so, I minimize this little And by doing so, I minimize this little gap that's going to come out between my gap that's going to come out between my gap that's going to come out between my two limbs here. You'll see it in a bit. two limbs here. You'll see it in a bit. two limbs here. You'll see it in a bit. And leave a bit of a yarn tail so that And leave a bit of a yarn tail so that And leave a bit of a yarn tail so that you can use it for sewing the gap if you you can use it for sewing the gap if you you can use it for sewing the gap if you want. want. want. And now starting in that first stitch, And now starting in that first stitch, And now starting in that first stitch, see I'm in the previous one here. I'm see I'm in the previous one here. I'm see I'm in the previous one here. I'm going to start in the first stitch. Now going to start in the first stitch. Now going to start in the first stitch. Now here [clears throat] I'm going to single here [clears throat] I'm going to single here [clears throat] I'm going to single crochet seven. 1 2 3 crochet seven. 1 2 3 crochet seven. 1 2 3 and 7. And now we're going to cross over to the And now we're going to cross over to the And now we're going to cross over to the other side. Make sure you have seven other side. Make sure you have seven other side. Make sure you have seven open stitches closest to the U previous open stitches closest to the U previous open stitches closest to the U previous limb. So that's one, two, three, four, limb. So that's one, two, three, four, limb. So that's one, two, three, four, five, six, five, six, five, six, seven. seven. seven. So, I want to go in right here. And then I'm going to single crochet And then I'm going to single crochet And then I'm going to single crochet seven. seven. seven. One One One 6. 6. 6. Oops. And seven. Oops. And seven. Oops. And seven. And that's that for round number one. And that's that for round number one. And that's that for round number one. For round two, you're going to cross on For round two, you're going to cross on For round two, you're going to cross on over back to the first stitch you made over back to the first stitch you made over back to the first stitch you made in round one. in round one. in round one. Yep. So, I'm going to It's a little Yep. So, I'm going to It's a little Yep. So, I'm going to It's a little loose here. I'm going to pull it tight. loose here. I'm going to pull it tight. loose here. I'm going to pull it tight. So, going into that first stitch in So, going into that first stitch in So, going into that first stitch in round one [clears throat] round one [clears throat] round one [clears throat] here, here, here, I'm going to begin round two. Round two I'm going to begin round two. Round two I'm going to begin round two. Round two is single crochet five. 1 2 3 4 5 and is single crochet five. 1 2 3 4 5 and is single crochet five. 1 2 3 4 5 and then a decrease. then a decrease. then a decrease. And let's repeat that around And let's repeat that around And let's repeat that around for a second time. 1 2 for a second time. 1 2 for a second time. 1 2 4 and 5 and a decrease. For round three, we're going to single For round three, we're going to single For round three, we're going to single crochet around. One 2 3 4 crochet around. One 2 3 4 crochet around. One 2 3 4 12. 12. 12. And now we're going to single crochet And now we're going to single crochet And now we're going to single crochet two and then decrease three times two and then decrease three times two and then decrease three times around. around. around. Let's do that. Single crochet one, two, Let's do that. Single crochet one, two, Let's do that. Single crochet one, two, and three. and three. and three. And a decrease. Oops, I'm sorry. Single And a decrease. Oops, I'm sorry. Single And a decrease. Oops, I'm sorry. Single crochet two and then a decrease. I went crochet two and then a decrease. I went crochet two and then a decrease. I went one too far. [clears throat] one too far. [clears throat] one too far. [clears throat] So decrease, single crochet two, single crochet two, single crochet two, decrease, single crochet two, and decrease. Now we're going to single crochet all Now we're going to single crochet all Now we're going to single crochet all the way around. That's nine stitches the way around. That's nine stitches the way around. That's nine stitches total. So that's one, two, total. So that's one, two, total. So that's one, two, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 5, 6, 6, 6, 7, 8, and nine. And then after that, we're going to um And then after that, we're going to um And then after that, we're going to um single crochet and then decrease three single crochet and then decrease three single crochet and then decrease three times around. times around. times around. Single crochet decrease. Single crochet decrease. Single crochet decrease. Single crochet Single crochet Single crochet decrease. Single crochet Single crochet Single crochet and decrease. And again, when you finish that, you're And again, when you finish that, you're And again, when you finish that, you're going to fasten off and go ahead and sew going to fasten off and go ahead and sew going to fasten off and go ahead and sew up the opening of that limb. And I just want to show you what the gap And I just want to show you what the gap And I just want to show you what the gap looks like between the two limbs. looks like between the two limbs. looks like between the two limbs. You can go ahead and use a yarn tail, You can go ahead and use a yarn tail, You can go ahead and use a yarn tail, like a leftover yarn tail, to just sew like a leftover yarn tail, to just sew like a leftover yarn tail, to just sew it up. it up. it up. want to make sure that it's sewn up so want to make sure that it's sewn up so want to make sure that it's sewn up so that it doesn't look funky. that it doesn't look funky. that it doesn't look funky. Let's see. And I just do it pretty Let's see. And I just do it pretty Let's see. And I just do it pretty simply by stitching the four um stitches simply by stitching the four um stitches simply by stitching the four um stitches near the opening together near the opening together near the opening together and secure it with a couple stitches and secure it with a couple stitches and secure it with a couple stitches before weaving in the end. And once more, we're going to repeat u And once more, we're going to repeat u And once more, we're going to repeat u for the second limb here. for the second limb here. for the second limb here. After crocheting three limbs on the After crocheting three limbs on the After crocheting three limbs on the star, you can go ahead and place the star, you can go ahead and place the star, you can go ahead and place the baby's head and body into the star. So, baby's head and body into the star. So, baby's head and body into the star. So, I'm going to just put it right here I'm going to just put it right here I'm going to just put it right here against the very um edge of one of the against the very um edge of one of the against the very um edge of one of the limbs. limbs. limbs. like so. like so. like so. And that body is going to go straight And that body is going to go straight And that body is going to go straight down. And now we're going to crochet the very And now we're going to crochet the very And now we're going to crochet the very last limb of your star baby. Again, last limb of your star baby. Again, last limb of your star baby. Again, we're going to attach yarn to the very we're going to attach yarn to the very we're going to attach yarn to the very side of um or to the last stitch of the side of um or to the last stitch of the side of um or to the last stitch of the previous slim and start in that first stitch. and start in that first stitch. and start in that first stitch. It's the next one over here. It's the next one over here. It's the next one over here. Remember to single crochet seven along Remember to single crochet seven along Remember to single crochet seven along the limb. So, that was one single the limb. So, that was one single the limb. So, that was one single crochet. crochet. crochet. Here's two. Here's two. Here's two. Here's three, Here's three, Here's three, four, four, four, five, six, and seven. and seven. and seven. And now with the baby's head or in the And now with the baby's head or in the And now with the baby's head or in the excuse me, with the baby's body inside excuse me, with the baby's body inside excuse me, with the baby's body inside the star, we are going to now uh flip the star, we are going to now uh flip the star, we are going to now uh flip over to the other side. We're going to over to the other side. We're going to over to the other side. We're going to crochet in the back. Count seven crochet in the back. Count seven crochet in the back. Count seven stitches over. One, two, three, four, stitches over. One, two, three, four, stitches over. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. And that's the one I'm five, six, seven. And that's the one I'm five, six, seven. And that's the one I'm going to insert my hook into. So here I'm going to crochet one 7. 7. 7. And again, we're going to start round And again, we're going to start round And again, we're going to start round two um by crossing over, working into two um by crossing over, working into two um by crossing over, working into that first single crochet made in round that first single crochet made in round that first single crochet made in round one. And continue crocheting until you finish And continue crocheting until you finish And continue crocheting until you finish the fourth limb. Here's a look with all four limbs Here's a look with all four limbs Here's a look with all four limbs complete. At this point, we're going to complete. At this point, we're going to complete. At this point, we're going to go ahead and secure the area around the go ahead and secure the area around the go ahead and secure the area around the head by [snorts] um stitching. head by [snorts] um stitching. head by [snorts] um stitching. By the way, get some yarn and a yarn By the way, get some yarn and a yarn By the way, get some yarn and a yarn needle for this section. We're going to needle for this section. We're going to needle for this section. We're going to stitch around making a running stitch stitch around making a running stitch stitch around making a running stitch over the front loops of over the front loops of over the front loops of the um opening. So, I'm just the um opening. So, I'm just the um opening. So, I'm just doing doing doing um stitches in and out. um stitches in and out. um stitches in and out. here. It doesn't have to be um super here. It doesn't have to be um super here. It doesn't have to be um super precise. All right. And after making running the All right. And after making running the All right. And after making running the stitches all around, I'm going to pull stitches all around, I'm going to pull stitches all around, I'm going to pull the yarn tail. And that's going to cinch the yarn tail. And that's going to cinch the yarn tail. And that's going to cinch up the opening of the neck. After you tighten the neck um hole After you tighten the neck um hole After you tighten the neck um hole around the head, we're going to finish around the head, we're going to finish around the head, we're going to finish it off with um a couple stitches to it off with um a couple stitches to it off with um a couple stitches to secure the head. And I'm simply going to secure the head. And I'm simply going to secure the head. And I'm simply going to insert insert insert my yarn needle into the head direct or my yarn needle into the head direct or my yarn needle into the head direct or into the neck area directly into the neck area directly into the neck area directly and attaching it to the and attaching it to the and attaching it to the star. By doing so, you are going to make sure By doing so, you are going to make sure By doing so, you are going to make sure that your doll's head and body will not that your doll's head and body will not that your doll's head and body will not become loose and fall out eventually. And when you've gone through enough And when you've gone through enough And when you've gone through enough times, you're going to simply weave in times, you're going to simply weave in times, you're going to simply weave in the ends. And that's that for the body. As you can And that's that for the body. As you can And that's that for the body. As you can see, the cute little star portion is see, the cute little star portion is see, the cute little star portion is complete. Now, all we have left is to complete. Now, all we have left is to complete. Now, all we have left is to make the little hat. For the hat, you're going to use yellow For the hat, you're going to use yellow For the hat, you're going to use yellow yarn and the 7 mm hook. yarn and the 7 mm hook. yarn and the 7 mm hook. Begin with a magic ring. And in the Begin with a magic ring. And in the Begin with a magic ring. And in the magic ring, we're going to insert six magic ring, we're going to insert six magic ring, we're going to insert six single crochets. single crochets. single crochets. Here's the slip knot to begin. And now Here's the slip knot to begin. And now Here's the slip knot to begin. And now here's one 2 here's one 2 here's one 2 5 and six. 5 and six. 5 and six. And we're going to go ahead and tighten And we're going to go ahead and tighten And we're going to go ahead and tighten the ring. After that, we're going to single After that, we're going to single After that, we're going to single crochet um two and then increase, crochet um two and then increase, crochet um two and then increase, repeating that around two times. So, repeating that around two times. So, repeating that around two times. So, here we're going to single crochet in here we're going to single crochet in here we're going to single crochet in each of the first two stitches. each of the first two stitches. each of the first two stitches. One and two. Oops. And then in the next stitch, I'm going And then in the next stitch, I'm going And then in the next stitch, I'm going to make an increase. Let's repeat that single crochet two and an increase. Now in round number two, we're going to Now in round number two, we're going to Now in round number two, we're going to single crochet three and then increase, single crochet three and then increase, single crochet three and then increase, repeating that around twice. repeating that around twice. repeating that around twice. That is one and two and increase. one and two and then increase. And now we're going to single crochet And now we're going to single crochet And now we're going to single crochet four and then increase. Repeating that four and then increase. Repeating that four and then increase. Repeating that around twice. around twice. around twice. 1 2 3 1 2 3 1 2 3 and increase. And then one 2 And then one 2 And then one 2 and an increase. You can turn your piece inside out. And let's continue on. Now for round And let's continue on. Now for round And let's continue on. Now for round number five, we're going to single number five, we're going to single number five, we're going to single crochet five and then increase. crochet five and then increase. crochet five and then increase. Repeating that around twice. Repeating that around twice. Repeating that around twice. Here's one 2 3 4 Here's one 2 3 4 Here's one 2 3 4 5 single crochets 5 single crochets 5 single crochets and then the increase. 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 five single crochets and an increase. And now we're going to do um round And now we're going to do um round And now we're going to do um round number se uh six, excuse me, single number se uh six, excuse me, single number se uh six, excuse me, single crochet six and an increase. Repeating crochet six and an increase. Repeating crochet six and an increase. Repeating that around twice. that around twice. that around twice. 1 2 3 1 2 3 1 2 3 6 and an increase. One 2 One 2 One 2 3 4 3 4 3 4 five five five six and an increase. Now we're going to do round number Now we're going to do round number Now we're going to do round number seven. Single crochet seven and then seven. Single crochet seven and then seven. Single crochet seven and then increase. Repeating that twice. increase. Repeating that twice. increase. Repeating that twice. 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 5 6 and seven 5 6 and seven 5 6 and seven and increase in that next stitch. and increase in that next stitch. and increase in that next stitch. Repeat that again. Repeat that again. Repeat that again. 1 2 3 1 2 3 1 2 3 and increase in that next stitch. Now round eight, we're going to go ahead Now round eight, we're going to go ahead Now round eight, we're going to go ahead and single crochet twice and then and single crochet twice and then and single crochet twice and then increase, repeating that around six increase, repeating that around six increase, repeating that around six times. times. times. So, one, two, So, one, two, So, one, two, two single crochets. And here's my two single crochets. And here's my two single crochets. And here's my increase. Repeat that. One, two, and increase. Now for round nine uh to the end, we're Now for round nine uh to the end, we're Now for round nine uh to the end, we're going to simply single crochet around in going to simply single crochet around in going to simply single crochet around in each stitch. So place a yarn marker or each stitch. So place a yarn marker or each stitch. So place a yarn marker or stitch marker if you'd like and go ahead stitch marker if you'd like and go ahead stitch marker if you'd like and go ahead and just put one single crochet on top and just put one single crochet on top and just put one single crochet on top of each stitch. And we'll meet back at the end. And we'll meet back at the end. And we'll meet back at the end. Here is round 11 complete. And at this Here is round 11 complete. And at this Here is round 11 complete. And at this point we can finish with a slip stitch point we can finish with a slip stitch point we can finish with a slip stitch at the very end. So, in that next at the very end. So, in that next at the very end. So, in that next stitch, I'm going to do a slip stitch stitch, I'm going to do a slip stitch stitch, I'm going to do a slip stitch here and fasten off with a long tail. here and fasten off with a long tail. here and fasten off with a long tail. You will need a long tail because you You will need a long tail because you You will need a long tail because you will be sewing the hat onto the head. will be sewing the hat onto the head. will be sewing the hat onto the head. So, give yourself a generous amount to So, give yourself a generous amount to So, give yourself a generous amount to work with. And before I do that, I'm going to pull And before I do that, I'm going to pull And before I do that, I'm going to pull in this yarn tail here. Got to hide in this yarn tail here. Got to hide in this yarn tail here. Got to hide that. And now let's go ahead and place the hat And now let's go ahead and place the hat And now let's go ahead and place the hat over the doll's head. I like to have the over the doll's head. I like to have the over the doll's head. I like to have the uh fasten off or the start of the round uh fasten off or the start of the round uh fasten off or the start of the round at the very back of the head. And um you can have it overlapping the And um you can have it overlapping the And um you can have it overlapping the um back of the suit um back of the suit um back of the suit a little bit. a little bit. a little bit. That way it will look more like it's That way it will look more like it's That way it will look more like it's part of the suit as opposed to being part of the suit as opposed to being part of the suit as opposed to being detached. So keep it low and close to detached. So keep it low and close to detached. So keep it low and close to the suit. And when you're ready, you can sew it on And when you're ready, you can sew it on And when you're ready, you can sew it on to the head. Hope you really enjoy crocheting your Hope you really enjoy crocheting your Hope you really enjoy crocheting your little star baby. If you like this little star baby. If you like this little star baby. If you like this tutorial, please give me a thumbs up and tutorial, please give me a thumbs up and tutorial, please give me a thumbs up and I'd love if you could subscribe for more I'd love if you could subscribe for more I'd love if you could subscribe for more cute tutorials. cute tutorials. cute tutorials. Happy crocheting. Bye now. Happy crocheting. Bye now. Happy crocheting. Bye now. >> [music]