[MUSIC] The
show is for a mature audience.
[music][sound of singing]
Hi guys. Let's
go. Who said? How many single guys are
sitting in the audience? Raise your hands and
tell me. Don't do it. Raise your hands and tell me.
How many girls are single
in the crowd right now. Tell me by making that sound.
[laughs] The
arrival of single boys was useless.
Single boys go to Bhosale's graveyard
thinking that who knows they might meet a ghost [laughs]
while returning.
How many people are there in the audience who listen to rap
, listen to rap music.
OK, OK, OK. No, I ask this
so that I know how many illiterate people are sitting
in the audience. [laughter]
Man, rap music, don't you think that
rappers who rap now should understand
that it's over. It's done friend, I mean you have
told me how many problems you had
in your childhood and how amazing
your mother was [laughs].
Nowadays a new format has come in which they take some old
song, a melodious song on which
people have actually worked hard, and they will
insert rap in it. You are listening comfortably.
You are
my life.
You are the love, [song voice] You are the
desire,
you are the love. I had left the house to win,
my ass was stuck in my sleep There was a spark
in my song, since childhood I have felt the first glance of
You are this. [laughs]
What a [ __ ], sister.
I use a lot of animal examples
in my writing, in my stand-up,
because I think what it means is that
we too are animals.
We are primates, people of the monkey species.
But many people do not believe this. Many people
believe that animals are different and we are different. Then
I will prove them wrong. Like it doesn't happen like that.
You interact with an animal,
like a bull chases you
or a dog starts barking at you or a crow
flies away with your bread, then what is your reaction, hey you
stupid animal,
but when a monkey starts growling at you, then do
you feel that in this country, I
mean, doesn't the monkey inside you wake up and say, hey, I
am your advanced version,
I have
ruined the minds of a lot of monkeys,
especially in India, I have ruined the minds
of a lot of monkeys, wherever you look, people
stand with folded hands. Jai
Bajrangbali
and that is also fine. I
respect the sentiment that at least
Bajrangbali is visible in the monkey. But then
I do not understand that if
Bajrangbali is visible in all the monkeys then
why is no one able to see Ram in any human being
? They are asking the man for his Aadhar
card. Oh yes Abdul Karim.
My God did not create you.
My God created everything, this earth, moon, stars,
galaxies, meteorites, universe, black holes,
nebulae, super nebulae, rivers, lakes, waterfalls, mountains, forests
and valleys, bears, lions and leopards, but as soon as the turn
came to create humans, God
created Hindus and that was it, I need to take a
break now, Brahma ji is also
saying that hey brother, the rest of the
Lords are also not left, now tell that to Allah, I have been
reading about this work life
balance thing [laughs] He says, friend,
from where will Allah do it?
Allah, he himself is already busy.
What is Allah busy with? He doesn't know what he's
making 72 girls. [laughter] He's
saying some peaceful delegation is coming.
So what is [laughter]
? Firstly, I don't understand what to talk about
in comedy. I was asking a friend of mine. I was
asking my comic friend, what should I
talk about in comedy? He
says, friend, you should talk about yourself.
Tell me what is going on with you. So
I told him what was going on with me? I am
not saying friend, talk about something else. [laughs]
You're not getting along well, why are you
ruining others'? [laughter]
You might be wondering why I said that?
What did I do that happened? Because last year I
released a video. [laughter]
Her title was Women.
You are doing it. [laughter]
By the way, just for the sake of infatuation. How many people have
seen that video? How many are
sitting here with their hands raised?
How many girls have
n't seen that video?
Ok. You're in for a surprise. [laughter]
[ __ ] man. There was a video, it had a name, there was a lot of
backlash etc. on it. So there are references to that.
Nothing I mean I will tell you everything.
[laughter] Have
you come here after drinking?
[laughs] So,
you should sit a little away, friend.
What was I talking about? So a video was
released titled Women whose
tagline was Are Women Becoming Men in Search
of Freedom. It's the first time I have written something provocatively
in my career.
And I got just as much abuse from the girls.
[laughs] And I regretted the fact that
girls are fools even when it comes to abusing.
[laughs] I
mean, the girls feel that I have
insulted the female gender, so they are all abusing me, calling me names.
Which is sad. Because normally I do
n't take anyone's side. I I When I'm
writing I'm Nobody's Friend. Be it a
woman or a man or Tiger Shroff.
But I felt sorry for the girls. I felt
pity because I think today's
girl is confused. Because
earlier girls used to live at home, they used to behave as per the wishes of the family members.
Now, somehow, when I get free and go
out of the house, feminism takes
hold of me and says, now do as we say. Earlier the
family members were saying to stay away from the man. Now
feminism is saying stay away from the man. [laughs]
First she was making parathas, now she is making PPTs.
[laughter] She was going back and forth to her
husband. Now she is
flattering the boss. But are the
girls happy from within? I don't care.
I'm just telling you, brother. [laughter]
Not giving an opinion. I am just telling you.
And I am just telling you. Just
Information.
Like Google Maps, it
only gives information. Take a left to the hospital.
Take it in the park for a ride,
take it in the mouth for an appraisal. [laughs] Whether you want to
take it or not is your decision.
I'm not telling anyone what to do.
Like if I am saying that
girls are getting naked on Instagram these days.
[laughs] So I'm never saying whether she's doing the
right thing or the wrong thing.
Brother, whatever they do in their life. On the contrary, I am
defending her and saying that girls
perceive themselves as art pieces. And
what does the art piece like? Exhibition.
But the funny thing is that these same girls were
saying three or four years ago that
in this man-made world, women are only seen as eye candy.
Her beauty is
objectified. What about the other girls
too? Yes sister, what is right?
This is happening in the world created by such a man. Then
a man created Instagram. [laughs]
So now the girls are fighting about whether or
not I'll get naked first. No, not me first,
you have been getting naked for a long time. Now it
is my turn. Girls are getting naked by doing collaborations.
That's funny. Being naked is not funny. The culture
shift is funny. The joke is on culture shift, friend.
Because friends, we
fight a lot in the name of culture, that is what I
wanted to point out that all these
principles, theories and ideals are valid only till they do
not come in the way of earning money. The
father who earlier wanted his daughter to become an IAS PCS is
now forwarding videos of her tutoring
to his friends [laughs] saying
please watch and like and subscribe.
Shake her like your own daughter [laughs].
And okay, it's her call, but tomorrow this same
person will fight with people from other cultures, saying, "
You're not following my culture, you're
not following your own." [laughs].
Again, I'm not saying that people should
follow culture, but I am saying
that all these things are
theoretical. So, if you girls are
becoming free, they don't need to study any theory. Be it
masculinity, feminism,
Marxism, or whatever it is. You live your life
happily. You see how to
explore womanhood. You have to chill
in life. That's all I was talking about
in my previous video, talking about all these themes
in good words. [laughs].
But the girls felt that I was hitting them,
and it's not that much their fault, because
in comedy, even if you talk about someone's
well-being, you do it by hitting them,
because
poetry is the
world's loosest art form for flattery.
[laughs].
More than 80% of the poetry is that girl's. It is
in praise that she cut it and went away. [laughter] The
boys are busy remembering him [laughter] [praise]. That
I have written this poem by staying awake at night. Yes, so
what options do you have, friend?
What will you do by staying awake at night? Do you know
who is not staying awake at night and writing poems
? With the one who is having sex. [laughter]
[laughter] Are
you having fun?
So that was all it meant. The video was released and
received a very good response. The boys
responded better. This time the response from the girls was
not so good. The main
reason for this was that most of the jokes were on girls.
I think girls' jokes are
funny only as long as someone else is being hit.
Meaning I am not talking about the girls here.
This is all cool. It is special.
Obviously. [laughs]
But generally, I've noticed that girls
only find jokes funny when someone else is getting hit.
You say that if a man is a dog then it is
funny. But you said that woman is a buffalo.
So the girls say no. [laughs]
Commenting on the video. [laughter]
Wow. Comparing Bffs to Women. Just wow.
Hey brother, I am just telling a joke. I am not
comparing them at all. Women are
much more simple than buffaloes.
And the matriarch is usually a buffalo. If she gives
birth to a child, she raises it herself. She does
not cry after going near the bull.
For calf support.
Any joke on the man. Like one of my
jokes went viral. You guys
might have heard about earning.
So it was in the girls' favor. Then did no
girl say, hey, why are you talking like this
? Why are you using derogatory language
against the man? So now the girls were commenting on
Finally Someone Set It [laughs]
that we're greedy.
Now when jokes are made on girls, girls are
finding politics in jokes. She is commenting that
instead of uplifting women. You are making
fun of him.
You should be ashamed. Firstly, I feel that there are
so many idiots in India
who go and type below comedy videos.
Why are you joking? [laughter]
[applause] I'll
go to the DJ and say, why are you playing so loud
? [laughter] The
joke needs an uplift. Firstly, I do
n't understand why these girls are shouting uplift me
like beggars everywhere.
Brother, you are independent, now
uplift yourself. This is what it
means to be independent, friend, what a new
genre has come up, dependent independent
woman. The
girls themselves are becoming independent with fun. She will continue
distributing work to everyone else
because female colleagues should be supported.
Female entrepreneurs should get more opportunities.
And the most famous thing is that mothers should
teach their sons to
respect women when they grow up.
Yes brother, this is what mothers teach. Mother, it is not that
son, when you grow up, you should destroy
these bastards. [laughter]
[ __ ] man
comedy has become dangerous. Buddy.
I will also run a political movement in Comedy Khatron Ke Khiladi.
Comedy is in danger. And then I'll be the
biggest threat to comedy myself [laughs].
[ __ ] man emotional messages from girls
punch down women emotional messages
a girl is DMing your mother must
be a woman right now I said what does must be
mean
[compliment] a
woman is a mother friend but the joke is
not on mothers the joke is on women. There is a mood for everything, friend.
Every joke has a mood. It was not like this that
your friend
told you, look, there is a girl passing by in front
and you told him that your sister is also a girl.
So he should go ahead and see him.
[laughs] You've driven me
crazy with your comments. Meaning,
most of the comments on the video are still
positive. But not in the middle
which comes like a thorn. Who spoils the day and goes away.
I was
reading the comments in it a few days ago. Such comments must have been
written. Number one video sir ji. Best
Comedy I've Seen on the Internet. This is
not just comedy. This is pure philosophy.
Rhinoceros from somewhere. [laughter]
That's the way, man. So much respect and so much
disrespect at the same time. A war has broken out
in the comment section. And in which I feel
bad for the girls only. Because girls are
also a little educated. So the
girls are making sophisticated comments in their English.
Boys from the front with their desi one
word grenades
a girl is writing after generations of
struggle this is what we women have to put up with is this
what modern comedy has
reduced to below launde's comment Bernal
[appreciation] it happened friend
didi got burnt [laughs]
boys themselves make such dramatic comments not
I knew that brother there will be some reaction from the
girls but the launde have done the
work of adding a complete middle release to that spark. [laughter] It
's a comedy, brother.
But it is not so. There were
also a lot of comments in support. A lot of
boys supported. Heartfelt
thanks to him. The girls also supported.
However, sometimes people fight and support you in
such a way that your life becomes hell. There was
an Instagram page of a news portal on
which my photo was posted
and it was written Miserginist comedian
telling derogatory jokes about women.
Below that, a boy is writing in my support.
If these jokes had been made by a good looking man
then no one would have been angry but only
Kaviraj has made them [laughter].
I said brother, it would have been better if you were on the other side
[praise].
I did not feel as sad after reading the missive
[laughter] as I did after reading
his support
but brother, he did a great job. The girls did
impress him, it means it is not like that.
I have cracked jokes on so many people. Till now
I have made jokes on man, I have
made jokes on God, I have made jokes on BJP, I have
made jokes on Congress, I have made
jokes on Aam Aadmi Party, I have made jokes on Narendra Modi, Rahul Gandhi,
Kejriwal, Sadhguru, Shri Shri, Salman Khan, everyone.
[laughter] There's
never been so much commotion.
But the girls started such a movement that
man, this man hates women,
I hate women and not normal hatred, so much
hatred that to hurt women,
I left my job [laughs] and
spent my savings and worked hard day and night for one and a half years and
wrote jokes [laughs] so that no
one would even know. People will think he is doing
stand up. [laughs]
Absolutely evil mad scientist level
hate. Meaning I am the super villain of the women's
world and I will save the super heroine Kusha Kapila
[laughs].
I still don't understand why I
compared influencers to sex workers in a [ __ ] joke.
So why did he feel so bad?
[laughs] I
mean, I don't feel bad when a girl says that a man
is a dog.
My dog ​​feels it [laughs]
but I don't feel it as much because
I know, man, I'm not a dog.
And what she is saying that man is a dog is
also for all men. Hey, are you leaving
? There's
more beer [laughs].
What what? Come again. I
drank too much beer. I
drank too much beer. Okay okay.
Ok. You mean you are going to pee. [laughter]
So that's what I'm saying when somebody [laughter] was the
only woman who hadn't seen the video.
Because even if a girl is saying
that men are dogs, I know she's
not speaking for everyone, and the
particular type of man she's talking about is
probably a dog. So,
I am not
talking about all the influencers, friend. I am also
talking about a particular segment of influencers. This is normal, I
mean normal grammar of talking. Do I have to
explain this too? Man
is a dog means some man. Women are idiots, I
mean some women. JNU students are illiterate, that is,
most of them.
Not all of them [laughs]
so I am also talking about a particular segment of
influencers, friend, which
means
why did you compare it because it is comparable
friend, I mean this is by definition, friend, you can
google it and see, firstly people do
not know that sex worker means
only the one who has sex in exchange of money, it means the one who is stripping,
who is taking off clothes for money
or for some other mode of payment, who is
giving sexual performance, which means erotic
means online content creation, all this
comes under sex work. So I am also talking about the same particular
segment of influencers.
Where the main product for the girls is to
strip erotically in front of the camera.
Which is okay for them. I just have
no problem with the definition of their call, friend,
taking off someone's clothes, you people will
not believe it but I swear that till date, I have
not stopped even one girl who has tried to take off her clothes in front of me
[praise], I even
encouraged her once and said,
madam please [laughs] I have already taken the
advance, please
hurry up, my girlfriend must be waiting
[laughs], friend,
even the comedian got angry. The comedian got
angry. A man is posting a story
on Instagram saying that this is not comedy.
There are more than three jokes in an hour.
Who is this guy breaking our rules?
A girl is posting a story that she is feeling unsafe. I am
feeling unsafe after listening to his jokes.
So cancel it.
Feeling unsafe, she is feeling unsafe after hearing that joke.
Brother, if you are feeling uneasy after listening to the joke then
you should work on your confidence.
What is she getting the world cancelled? Brother,
if you feel cold then you will wear a sweater, right?
It is not that you should cancel January.
Feeling good now?
Now it will be fun.
Whom? [laughter]
Cancel January. Are?
You should cancel the joke itself. [laughter]
No, but that's not the case. A lot of comics
supported. Especially the male comics received
messages from many people from top to bottom.
I received calls from many people and everyone called and said the same
thing, brother, we fully support you. And
everyone said the same thing while hanging up the phone. Brother,
why doesn't anyone know that I called?
[laughs] These
guys are so broke. Ca
n't express myself.
Girls can say anything. Let me give you an
example. Just a few days
ago I saw a post which was going viral on Instagram.
Its headline is A
Woman Sleeps Better Next to a Dog.
[laughter] Then sleeping next to a man.
This is the only respect left for the man. The dog
knocked the man down. Firstly, which bastard has
so much time to do this research?
That means we'll keep looking for a cure for cancer.
First find out next to
whom a woman likes to sleep more, a
man or a dog?
But it's okay, you can take that too in a fun way.
But does anyone in this world have the guts to
print its reverse and show it because I
know that its reverse will also be true.
That a man sleeps better next to a [ __ ]
than sleeping next to the [ __ ].
[cheering] [applause]
Our communication became inclined towards the girls.
Psychological biases have come
into us. And the boys have a hand in this, they have
contributed. Because the low
sperm boys of today [laughs]
think that the
only way to impress a girl is to keep agreeing
with her. With eyes closed. I was watching a podcast.
A boy is hosting it.
He is talking to the girl. And he
is obviously sitting there to agree.
So that girl means we are talking about some consent. The
girl is saying that no means no
obviously no means no [laughs] and may be also means no then he
says no [laughs]
then she says and sometimes yes also means no
and that boy also means once [laughs]
[praise] hey
what are you doing you idiot [laughs]
ask him how yes means no friend means
you should do a course in language then
[laughs] yes yes means no that I will
say yes tonight and then tomorrow morning I will decide whether
my yes meant yes or no.
[laughs] The
poor guy is waiting in tension,
not knowing whether he will be
in a relationship or in jail the next day.
[laughs] There's a
reveal party for that too.
Like there is a gender reveal party.
[sound of throat clearing] That in houses where
a woman is pregnant, they have a
party called a gender reveal party. So the
box is kept. If you open it again,
blue smoke comes out of it, so
it's a boy. And if red smoke comes out then it means
abortion [laughs],
not that
I went to Haryana Gender Reveal Party suddenly [laughs]
so it must happen for such boys too, now the
girl said yes and everything is done, then the
next day the boy is waiting at home, he
opened the door of the house, there is a box kept in front of him, on
it is written boyfriend
or rapist [laughs] if it is
boyfriend then the girl is coming out of the box
and if it is rapist then BJP
people come out and you are welcome to the party.
You must be thinking that such people are there
in every party, in Congress, in BSP
, in Samajwadi Party, then
why did I take the name of only BJP? Because the
rent of this venue is Rs 60,000, I paid Rs
71,000 because Rs 11,000 is GST tax which
I paid from the money on which
tax has already been levied. That's why I
took the name of BJP. [Laughter]
I said yes yes and gave the
money but in my heart I was thinking no no
[Laughter] because sometimes yes means no [
Appreciation]
no you guys should not laugh at this, that's what I am
saying no [Laughter] it happens yes means no man like take
some
responsibility what is coming out of
your mouth man how is this yes means no
because the picture is playing out that you have to earn as much as you want to lose
[Laughter] to win you have to
lose and after losing the winner has to sell gutkha
[Laughter] keep the
basics clear man yes means yes and no means
no and may be means you will come out a little less
buy a bigger apartment
that day her yes will also mean her yes
and I am not like that man that I am doing
stand up to degrade girls and women. I mean not entirely.
I know women have had a lot of problems in their lives. It still exists
and should be
talked about. But I am
not joking about them. I am joking on these
urban privileged girls who
go to college with their father's money and write '
rebel' in their bio. [laughter]
Fighting for our freedom. Which
fight for freedom is yours, friend? Your blinker is
not coming on time. [laughter]
It's like your car's AC isn't working
or the drums are expensive. Which freedom is
yours? [laughter]
Girls live in ads, man. Ask the girls
what is the time these days? I am a free
woman. [laughter] Hey man, what's going on in your head
? And with so much pride, friend,
look, pride is shown on something in which
you have some hand in achieving it.
Female freedom is a by-product of
technology. There is more technology in the city
, there is more freedom in the city. If you
go to very remote areas, your
freedom there will decrease. Like if you
go to very remote areas like Siberia or
Laska type places, there feminism
is zero because the temperature is -50.
[laughter] That
means fire is more important there than water.
Wood burns in the furnace for 24 hours and only then it becomes
worth living. And where does the wood
come from? Out of the woods. I go
out, there is a snowstorm and there is a
forest where ferocious wolves live. [laughter]
So do you know what the women there do to
get wood from the forest? Marriage [laughter]
But a day will come when Blinket will come there too,
who will take ₹30 extra and
deliver a wooden gift trap. That
day the girls there will also say proud
feminist. [laughter] The
man kept us imprisoned. Friend,
I don't understand the concept of imprisonment. If the
women were imprisoned, why didn't they run away?
[Laughter] When a
man went to work, it was not like he would
chain up his wife or his girl
or lock her house.
Women did not run away from the open house. The
man escapes from jail.
[applause] The
jail where the guard is sitting, the
jailer is sitting with a gun. There are high walls,
iron barbed wires are stars. There are iron
doors and big locks. The man runs away from there.
Women
don't run through open doors, man. I mean, imagine a prison where even after the
jailer and guards open all the doors, the
prisoners are not escaping. What does this mean
? This means that the prisoners know that there is
more to life outside the prison than inside it.
So if you want to analyze the past, you have to
analyze it taking into account the progress of that time, the culture of that time, the infrastructure of that time. Which these
feminist type girls are not able to do
because most of them are from the art side.
So they think that things have always been the same as they are today.
No, I know because I have talked.
I have talked to a lot of people.
Not the kind of girls who introduce themselves as
I am a writer and also I am a
feminist as if there is some skill for
which one has to pass an exam to
become a feminist. No, like I say I am a
comedian and I also am a
filmmaker. So because I worked
in script writing and direction.
But if a girl is saying that I am a
comedian and also I am a feminist.
So this means two useless things have happened.
What about feminism, man? Feminism
is Bajrang Dal for girls. [laughs] After
talking to many girls, I felt that
they think that the situation is the same as it was
before. Because they judge their mothers also on the
basis that their mother was a loser. She did
not leave the house. The poor mother is expressing herself honestly and
sharing the ups and downs of her life. Son,
your father was very nice. He took great care. He used to
take me for walks also but I used to
shout a lot. Wherever I looked, they started shouting, "
Mom, why didn't you leave me
?" [laughs]
Mom, why didn't you become an influencer
like me?
[laughs] Hey son,
where was Instagram in our time?
What are you talking about, mom? There wasn't even Instagram.
So, Mom, why did you go for a walk again?
So [laughs] Mummy
girls think they are losers, friend, nowadays I have
seen in many girls that they think their mother is a loser, that I should become
something in life, I should
not become like my mother. The opposite happens with boys. The
boy may have been a little
irritated with his father since childhood
because he walks around the house with great arrogance.
[laughs] He
yells at mommy at times.
But then eventually the boy himself leaves
home to earn money. Loaded with expectations.
Thinking about his father makes him cry. What a
man, he was a superman. I am
not able to earn for myself alone. This was earning for five people.
Respect
for the father develops. And
why didn't the girls go to the therapist
like me? [laughter]
Baba,
why didn't you spend ₹5,000 and go to a therapist for me?
Hey son, in our times, we didn't have ₹5,000 left
for a therapist, we only had ₹100 left in our
time. What are you remembering, Papa?
Papa, which therapist comes for ₹100?
Hey son that old muck
No I am not saying that the life of brother's
women was amazing for its time.
No, it was not like that. There was a problem
and it was because of the man. That's correct.
But it was not only because of man.
Women also had problems because of women. These
modern women have
completely removed their names from this topic of harassment.
Because if you make a man the villain, there are
chances of getting the rights from there.
By speaking ill of women, the
names of women were cleverly removed. Whereas the
major problem has been with women. Brother, women are
psychos. They climb on each other without any reason. If a
man has an enemy, you should see that
he has a back story.
Due to some reason one person climbs above another person. A
random girl passes in front of the woman
wearing nice clothes. It is not as much as she
thinks of herself. [laughter]
You asked your boyfriend how he was feeling
and you accidentally said no, I didn't, which was the
wrong answer. You have to tell me
who the girl is? Where? [laughter] Are there
any girls besides you? She
hates it, man.
Girls hate each other without any reason. [laughter] I
always have. To those who are
not believing what I am saying, I am telling you that
next time you should watch a mother-in-law and daughter-in-law serial
with your entire family. If a
woman gets slapped then you will see
who is the happiest in the whole house. [laughter] To the
women of the house or to the men of the house.
I was sitting and watching it with my grandmother once. In that the
husband gives a slap to his
wife and my grandmother is the [ __ ]
and she gave another one, she is my grandmother [laughter]
no, like there is a lot of talk about dowry system that
in the world made by men, dowry system
and stuff [sound of clearing throat]
so in that also I am telling you,
I am telling you from my limited experience,
in the entire dowry discussion the easiest thing is to
impress the boy's father, you
laugh at one of his hairy jokes [laughter] that is all it takes,
he says oh sir
send your daughter in a saree, oh the boy
's mother gets agitated. Hey, how can you send me like this
in a saree? Is etiquette even a thing
? No, if we are not asking then what does it
mean? You will not give. Etiquette is also a thing.
[laughter] Oh my goodness, people are good. He just
laughed at my joke. Hey,
you like everyone. [laughter] I
liked your brother too, he took
your money and ran away.
And if you have the habit of laughing at jokes, if you like it then do
stand up and earn some
money. So from that day onwards Mahip
Singh ji is a comedian.
I love May Singh ji.
No friend, what I am saying is that it does not matter to me
when a girl says I am a
feminist or a socialist or a capitalist or a
cyclist. [laughs]
Because one thing I know
about girls is that girls don't believe in anything.
Dude, girls are nothing.
Girls are only what
they benefit from being. And I am
not saying this with any negative emotions. I
admire that they are true
survivors. She only says things that are
beneficial for her. If there is any
benefit in speaking feminist in public then one becomes a feminist. There is a
benefit in being Papa's angel at home, so I became
Papa's angel. There are
advantages to being a traditional woman on a date. For whom you
move the chair, pay the bill, drop it at home, then
there you become a traditional woman. The girl who is
saying in the office that cooking is not a woman's
job. She goes home and asks, “Mom,
what is cooked for dinner?” [Laughter]
Then these feminist daughters do not remember
that their mothers are also women. [laughter]
Because if the mother becomes a feminist then there is a ghat in
it.
Mummy, what is there in the song, daughter, today we are talking about equality.
Girls change according to the situation. It is the opposite in men. There is
praise among men that look he is dead but he is still useful.
Men are being fools [laughter] It is
not about who is better, which words
mean these are different perspectives, friend there
is no absolute truth as to who [laughter] is
more [sound of clearing throat]
and it is not the fault of women, friend you
think from the POV of women that women
evolved with such partners who are physically
very strong, men used to take
decisions and do grouping on the basis of strength.
Everything was
run accordingly. So how do women navigate such a world
? How will you get your point across
? So the girls and women
used their brains. His manipulation
intensified. [Laughter]
Women, if they wanted to take revenge on a man, would go and
fight with him. No, she would go to
his enemy and whisper in his ear
, do you know what he was saying about you?
What was he saying? He was saying that
yours is small.
How does he know [laughs] and he sits down and says that
man is physically superior, logistically
superior, women are psychologically the father
of man,
when I was saying in the beginning that girls do
not abuse themselves, they bear the abuses of men,
brother, that is because girls
know that abuses do not make any difference to anyone,
abuses are infective,
you called someone a [ __ ], sisterfucker, does it make any
difference, regardless of who he is
[laughs],
that is why girls do not use abuses much.
Girls insult. Girls
cause such deep wounds by insulting us.
You might be wondering how I
know
about the techniques of insulting girls? [laughs]
Because I released a video
last year. [laughter]
So he ran away.
Girls, brothers, leave everything aside and
come to insult. Are you making fun of women
? He himself is so dark.
Girls abandon logic when it comes to insulting. If
a man says to another man that he does
n't like your shirt, then which one of yours does he
like? On the same plane. [laughter]
Tell a woman it's not your saree.
Well, my saree is not looking good and
your father who ran away leaving your mother.
You used to watch your aunt taking bath.
[laughs] All the
secrets that you must have shared
in those venerable moments [laughs] will
come
towards you like Brahmastras.
I am telling you that this is such a big scam
of women that the man should be expressive. The
man should share. She is pointing out
your weak points.
[laughs] I'll
use them when the time comes. The man is
sharing like a fool. I never got along
with my mother.
So [laughs] at that time she will say, oh how come it didn't turn out like this
? You are such a good person.
How come you didn't get along with your mother?
And the boy will also say, yes I am a good person.
Then one day he will say to my prisoner,
darling, is it necessary to order this daily from MNTRa
? You find faults in everyone.
Well, the man who doesn't get along with his own mother.
What will he get from a [ __ ] like me?
And why does a human being die of a heart attack
?
Man is an expert in injuring the body.
Women kill the soul. [laughter]
And the problem is that if the wounds of the soul are
not visible then the person loses in the court.
Girls [Compliment]
Girls show off their swollen cheeks.
Judge sir, he slapped me,
put him in jail. But Judge Sahib, she
laughed at me first. [laughs] So the judge also made me laugh, oh,
when did you start laughing, judge saheb, when did I
take off my pat, then he laughed
ok [laughs]
friend, firstly I do not understand friend, friend, for
how long will these people keep talking about dark
[laughs] whoever you
call dark, they go away, one
boy messaged me on Instagram
yesterday, Kalue [laughs]
just one word, there was only so much time, he
said Kalue and went away, this is a color notifier
[laughs] I had come to
tell you the color,
no, in real life also people say it, friend,
a few days ago I went to get my hair cut, the barber
said, sir, get it done for
10 days [laughs]
I said this to good people, and
said what else sir, I said apply more, okay, what else should I
apply sir? I said Sir, get D10 done
and you will look good.
That's what I'm saying, man and woman are
psychologically distinct creatures. So
now that women are becoming free, they have
no need to imitate men.
Dude, according to you, like be a woman, like be
a glorified woman. Like you keep a monkey
in a cage. Keep it in a cage for years
and then free it from the cage, it will
still remain a monkey. [laughter] It wo
n't turn into fish. So why are women
trying to become men? I think
women subconsciously consider men as their role models.
Which is not their fault. He is so cool just being a man.
No, you try it and see. You
will call a man, you will call him feminine, some man will take
offense. But if you call a woman
masculine, she
takes it as a compliment, saying, "I used to be a tomboy in
college." [laughs] I used to wear jeans.
I used to wear a short kurta, my
hair was short and my boyfriend was gay.
No friend, have confidence in yourself.
Like nowadays the topic of motherhood is much debated.
Girls say that a woman's job is
not just to give birth to children. Which I
agree with is that obviously women can give birth to children, but it does
not mean that it is
necessary to give birth. But it is not that you
call having a child a stupid thing.
No friend, it doesn't work idiot. How do you
know? How do you know when you haven't even done it
? In such a situation, people also say that
doing cocaine is wrong. [laughter]
But ask the person who's doing it. He
says, friend, I don't even realize the time.
[Laughter] If
you ask any mother like this, she will say that she did
not understand life. Who knows brother, this might be an
amazing experience.
No friend, I mean it is not a stupid thing. I
mean, technically I think the
work profile is more amazing than Mother, man.
Not in civilization. Because today
all women should leave their corporate jobs. It doesn't matter to
anyone.
Everything is dispensable.
But today all the women come together and say that they should
not give birth to children.
Humanity will become extinct within 100 years. Which job
is important?
[Applause] If
an alien comes to Earth right now, what would it be
cool to tell about a woman, that she can
create a real human or she can change the color in the PPT
You are introducing Usain Bolt to the alien, and
he will say, who is this, sir, this is the
fastest human being in our world, he
runs 100 meters in 9 seconds. So the alien is
also saying that brother, it means with this gravity,
100 meters in 9 seconds on two legs,
[ __ ] extraordinary, Usain Bolt,
[ __ ] extraordinary,
a woman is standing next to him. The alien says, and
what it does, sir, is that it creates Usain Bolt.
Does that sound cool? You are
introducing the alien to Jack Bezos, sir, he will say what has he
done, sir, he is the
courier champ of our world,
in the last 20-25 years, all the goods that have been delivered, all the
boxes that have been delivered, all the
packages that have been delivered, are because of this Jeff Force,
Jeff Bezos's mother is standing next to him,
what has he done, sir,
he has delivered Jess [laughter], it will sound
cool, you are introducing the alien to Elon Musk, the
alien will say I will keep doing
this all night [laughter] what
[applause] [
encouraging voice]
no, I am not saying at all that it is
necessary for anyone to have a child, women you are all, but friend, be
proud of her, what do you mean, she has super
human quality that she gave birth to a child. One should be
proud of one's qualities.
Look man, man is proud of his fool.
Guys get it written on their T-shirts, brother, instant
idiot, just add alcohol.
I think girls should also get it written.
Instant Kid [laughs]
Just at Seaman.
Also nine months and some child support.
Somebody please marry me. [laughter]
I want to be with a man. Feminism,
motherhood, and then this area will come
this is the solution.
I think we should chill, man. Be it a
man or a woman, everyone should chill.
What is there in politics? Men like
women and women like rich men. [laughs]
But I think girls these days are becoming conservative because
of politics.
And it is becoming a root. Okay, it's their choice
brother. But she expects the same thing from the man
that she has always expected. Traditionally,
furniture mover, luggage lifter,
bulb changer, lizard shooer from bathroom
, porter during travelling.
Only women have these facilities in the society that they
can travel with so much luggage that they
cannot lift it. [laughs] Even if you're
single. She will catch hold of any random
man and tell him, brother, I will take this off.
I will take it off, brother, if he takes it off, brother is born
to take it off.
[Praise] If you
see a man
with a lot of luggage, you will have to
think about it before leaving the house.
Everywhere men are carrying the burden, man. That's why
men don't go on trips with their wives.
Because they know that the woman goes out for a walk. The
man goes on a mission. [laughter]
Think about protection. Run around everywhere and make
deals. Bring the running gear.
Then unload the luggage, load it, load it,
unload it. Then if you get free from all that, then
photograph it. [Laughter]
Girls carry three TV memory cards in their mobile phones and then
hand it over to their boyfriends, saying, "
Do one thing, keep clicking." [laughs] I'll
take a photo first, then I'll review it.
Where is this? It was good. In this I look exactly the way
I am. [laughter]
Friend, it's not like that, the guy doesn't do anything. You
see any couple going, going to any wedding
function, any party,
see any couple, the women
get down from the car at the entrance. She walks inside on the
red carpet flaunting her dress like a celebrity. The
man is
alone looking for parking in the field.
[Laughter] After
taking two rounds of the entire parking lot and
fighting with people, he somehow
parks the car and walks one and a half kilometer to
reach inside, kicking up dust. Where his
wife says, hey, what did you lose?
[laughs] I was
looking for equality, darling.
Madam, there were just these kinds of jokes in the previous video
[laughs]. A
lot of uproar was created over this. That's what I
feel in comedy, friend, let comedy chill,
learn to enjoy
comedy a little, life is already very boring, friend,
existence is a dying business,
life is hard, life is hard even on the day when
nothing bad happens, everything in the office was
done on time, the taxi also came early, there was
no traffic on the way, even after reaching home, my
wife did not say that you came so early today
[laughs]. Everyday I come late, then
how come you came early today, everyone is deliberately late every day, it happened
in RiteC
[laughs]. On the
day when nothing like this happened [laughter]
even on that day, friend, it remains in the mind that what the
hell is going on in life and I am
saying this for both men and women, as long as a
person is alive, life remains
heavy on him, he remains torn in sorrow, he remains
worried even in happiness, friend, if this does
not go away, there is no attitude, no
respect in life, you are
going for an interview, you cannot find a taxi, may
God give you a taxi, God please give me a
taxi, it does not feel like someone from above Seeing this he is
laughing and saying, let me get him a
taxi. Oh thank
you God thank you now but now I will
increase the traffic. [laughs] The
thing for which you think that if I don't get it, I won't be able to
live, you don't get it in life
and yet you are still living. Life seems to make fun of us at every step.
Comedy is the only place where we make
fun of life.
[Praise] I
cracked a joke on you, on your sorrows, on
your happiness, so there is no need to clip the wings of comedy, friend. Raise
your sky high, I do
n't know what people are
calling you.
Comedian friend, comedian, you said such a thing that
brother, you compared women to dogs,
brother, do you think you did the right thing,
brother, I am telling you in a joke,
this is a new fashion in jokes. The
boys have started taking offense, friend. Nowadays boys have
started taking offense. A boy was found
on YouTube with such letters. Hey, you are doing stand up, do
n't you feel ashamed of
talking about women like this? You did
not study history and just came here to do stand up.
You have not read yet how much
harassment has happened and what all has had to be endured
and you are saying anything in such stand up.
You blocked him
on YouTube obviously. So he
came on Instagram. He is replying below the girls who are making negative comments.
I totally
agree with even I am ashamed of being a man because he is a
man. I am a man. Even I
hated my father because he was a man. So
I DMed him. I said, tell me
what is your problem? Said brother, I am a virgin.
I said give it to you, man. [laughter]
Someone's house is settled.
But it is not so.
I learned from the whole thing, man. I am
especially talking about those girls
who abused
me a lot and in amazing ways. He abused me,
abused my family members, abused my work.
So for those girls I
want to say that friend, I have been influenced by your words and have
brought about a change in
myself. Now I also
try to be gender neutral. I try to be inclusive, that is, I try to
include females in my conversations. Even now I
correct the person in front of me.
Like just a few days ago I was
talking to my friend and he has a habit of
talking in proverbs, so on some
random topic he was saying that look friend, it is a simple
matter. The elephant walks and the dogs bark.
I said don't say that, [ __ ] also bark.
Grandfather, how do you know? I said because
I released a video, man.
Thank you guys. Thank you so much.
Thank you for coming
