[MUSIC] The show is for a mature audience. show is for a mature audience. show is for a mature audience. [music][sound of singing] Hi guys.   Let's Hi guys.   Let's Hi guys.   Let's go.  Who said?  How many single guys are go.  Who said?  How many single guys are go.  Who said?  How many single guys are sitting in the audience?  Raise your hands and sitting in the audience?  Raise your hands and sitting in the audience?  Raise your hands and tell me.  Don't do it.  Raise your hands and tell me. tell me.  Don't do it.  Raise your hands and tell me. tell me.  Don't do it.  Raise your hands and tell me. How many girls are single How many girls are single How many girls are single in the crowd right now.  Tell me by making that sound. in the crowd right now.  Tell me by making that sound. in the crowd right now.  Tell me by making that sound. [laughs] The arrival of single boys was useless. arrival of single boys was useless. arrival of single boys was useless. Single boys go to Bhosale's graveyard Single boys go to Bhosale's graveyard Single boys go to Bhosale's graveyard thinking that who knows they might meet a ghost [laughs] thinking that who knows they might meet a ghost [laughs] thinking that who knows they might meet a ghost [laughs] while returning. while returning. while returning. How many people are there in the audience who listen to rap How many people are there in the audience who listen to rap How many people are there in the audience who listen to rap , listen to rap music. OK, OK, OK.  No, I ask this OK, OK, OK.  No, I ask this OK, OK, OK.  No, I ask this so that I know how many illiterate people are sitting so that I know how many illiterate people are sitting so that I know how many illiterate people are sitting in the audience.  [laughter] Man, rap music, don't you think that Man, rap music, don't you think that Man, rap music, don't you think that rappers who rap now should understand rappers who rap now should understand rappers who rap now should understand that it's over.  It's done friend, I mean you have that it's over.  It's done friend, I mean you have that it's over.  It's done friend, I mean you have told me how many problems you had told me how many problems you had told me how many problems you had in your childhood and how amazing in your childhood and how amazing in your childhood and how amazing your mother was [laughs]. your mother was [laughs]. your mother was [laughs]. Nowadays a new format has come in which they take some old Nowadays a new format has come in which they take some old Nowadays a new format has come in which they take some old song, a melodious song on which song, a melodious song on which song, a melodious song on which people have actually worked hard, and they will people have actually worked hard, and they will people have actually worked hard, and they will insert rap in it.  You are listening comfortably. insert rap in it.  You are listening comfortably. insert rap in it.  You are listening comfortably. You are You are You are my life. my life. my life. You are the love, [song voice] You are the You are the love, [song voice] You are the You are the love, [song voice] You are the desire, desire, desire, you are the love.  I had left the house to win, you are the love.  I had left the house to win, you are the love.  I had left the house to win, my ass was stuck in my sleep There was a spark my ass was stuck in my sleep There was a spark my ass was stuck in my sleep There was a spark in my song, since childhood I have felt the first glance of in my song, since childhood I have felt the first glance of in my song, since childhood I have felt the first glance of You are this.  [laughs] You are this.  [laughs] You are this.  [laughs] What a [ __ ], sister. What a [ __ ], sister. What a [ __ ], sister. I use a lot of animal examples I use a lot of animal examples I use a lot of animal examples in my writing, in my stand-up, in my writing, in my stand-up, in my writing, in my stand-up, because I think what it means is that because I think what it means is that because I think what it means is that we too are animals. we too are animals. we too are animals. We are primates, people of the monkey species. We are primates, people of the monkey species. We are primates, people of the monkey species. But many people do not believe this.  Many people But many people do not believe this.  Many people But many people do not believe this.  Many people believe that animals are different and we are different.  Then believe that animals are different and we are different.  Then believe that animals are different and we are different.  Then I will prove them wrong.  Like it doesn't happen like that. I will prove them wrong.  Like it doesn't happen like that. I will prove them wrong.  Like it doesn't happen like that. You interact with an animal, You interact with an animal, You interact with an animal, like a bull chases you like a bull chases you like a bull chases you or a dog starts barking at you or a crow or a dog starts barking at you or a crow or a dog starts barking at you or a crow flies away with your bread, then what is your reaction, hey you flies away with your bread, then what is your reaction, hey you flies away with your bread, then what is your reaction, hey you stupid animal, stupid animal, stupid animal, but when a monkey starts growling at you, then do but when a monkey starts growling at you, then do but when a monkey starts growling at you, then do you feel that in this country, I you feel that in this country, I you feel that in this country, I mean, doesn't the monkey inside you wake up and say, hey, I mean, doesn't the monkey inside you wake up and say, hey, I mean, doesn't the monkey inside you wake up and say, hey, I am your advanced version, am your advanced version, am your advanced version, I have I have I have ruined the minds of a lot of monkeys, ruined the minds of a lot of monkeys, ruined the minds of a lot of monkeys, especially in India, I have ruined the minds especially in India, I have ruined the minds especially in India, I have ruined the minds of a lot of monkeys, wherever you look, people of a lot of monkeys, wherever you look, people of a lot of monkeys, wherever you look, people stand with folded hands.  Jai stand with folded hands.  Jai stand with folded hands.  Jai Bajrangbali Bajrangbali Bajrangbali and that is also fine.  I and that is also fine.  I and that is also fine.  I respect the sentiment that at least respect the sentiment that at least respect the sentiment that at least Bajrangbali is visible in the monkey.  But then Bajrangbali is visible in the monkey.  But then Bajrangbali is visible in the monkey.  But then I do not understand that if I do not understand that if I do not understand that if Bajrangbali is visible in all the monkeys then Bajrangbali is visible in all the monkeys then Bajrangbali is visible in all the monkeys then why is no one able to see Ram in any human being why is no one able to see Ram in any human being why is no one able to see Ram in any human being ?  They are asking the man for his Aadhar ?  They are asking the man for his Aadhar ?  They are asking the man for his Aadhar card.  Oh yes Abdul Karim. card.  Oh yes Abdul Karim. card.  Oh yes Abdul Karim. My God did not create you. My God did not create you. My God did not create you. My God created everything, this earth, moon, stars, My God created everything, this earth, moon, stars, My God created everything, this earth, moon, stars, galaxies, meteorites, universe, black holes, galaxies, meteorites, universe, black holes, galaxies, meteorites, universe, black holes, nebulae, super nebulae, rivers, lakes, waterfalls, mountains, forests nebulae, super nebulae, rivers, lakes, waterfalls, mountains, forests nebulae, super nebulae, rivers, lakes, waterfalls, mountains, forests and valleys, bears, lions and leopards, but as soon as the turn and valleys, bears, lions and leopards, but as soon as the turn and valleys, bears, lions and leopards, but as soon as the turn came to create humans, God came to create humans, God came to create humans, God created Hindus and that was it, I need to take a created Hindus and that was it, I need to take a created Hindus and that was it, I need to take a break now, Brahma ji is also break now, Brahma ji is also break now, Brahma ji is also saying that hey brother, the rest of the saying that hey brother, the rest of the saying that hey brother, the rest of the Lords are also not left, now tell that to Allah, I have been Lords are also not left, now tell that to Allah, I have been Lords are also not left, now tell that to Allah, I have been reading about this work life reading about this work life reading about this work life balance thing [laughs] He says, friend, balance thing [laughs] He says, friend, balance thing [laughs] He says, friend, from where will Allah do it? from where will Allah do it? from where will Allah do it? Allah, he himself is already busy. Allah, he himself is already busy. Allah, he himself is already busy. What is Allah busy with?  He doesn't know what he's What is Allah busy with?  He doesn't know what he's What is Allah busy with?  He doesn't know what he's making 72 girls.  [laughter] He's saying some peaceful delegation is coming. saying some peaceful delegation is coming. saying some peaceful delegation is coming. So what is [laughter] ?  Firstly, I don't understand what to talk about ?  Firstly, I don't understand what to talk about ?  Firstly, I don't understand what to talk about in comedy.  I was asking a friend of mine.  I was in comedy.  I was asking a friend of mine.  I was in comedy.  I was asking a friend of mine.  I was asking my comic friend, what should I asking my comic friend, what should I asking my comic friend, what should I talk about in comedy?   He talk about in comedy?   He talk about in comedy?   He says, friend, you should talk about yourself. says, friend, you should talk about yourself. says, friend, you should talk about yourself. Tell me what is going on with you.  So Tell me what is going on with you.  So Tell me what is going on with you.  So I told him what was going on with me?  I am I told him what was going on with me?  I am I told him what was going on with me?  I am not saying friend, talk about something else.  [laughs] You're not getting along well, why are you You're not getting along well, why are you You're not getting along well, why are you ruining others'?  [laughter] ruining others'?  [laughter] ruining others'?  [laughter] You might be wondering why I said that? You might be wondering why I said that? You might be wondering why I said that? What did I do that happened?  Because last year I What did I do that happened?  Because last year I What did I do that happened?  Because last year I released a video.  [laughter] Her title was Women. You are doing it.  [laughter] By the way, just for the sake of infatuation.  How many people have By the way, just for the sake of infatuation.  How many people have By the way, just for the sake of infatuation.  How many people have seen that video?  How many are seen that video?  How many are seen that video?  How many are sitting here with their hands raised? sitting here with their hands raised? sitting here with their hands raised? How many girls have How many girls have How many girls have n't seen that video? n't seen that video? n't seen that video? Ok.  You're in for a surprise.  [laughter] [ __ ] man.  There was a video, it had a name, there was a lot of [ __ ] man.  There was a video, it had a name, there was a lot of [ __ ] man.  There was a video, it had a name, there was a lot of backlash etc. on it.  So there are references to that. backlash etc. on it.  So there are references to that. backlash etc. on it.  So there are references to that. Nothing I mean I will tell you everything. Nothing I mean I will tell you everything. Nothing I mean I will tell you everything. [laughter] Have [laughter] Have [laughter] Have you come here after drinking? [laughs] So, [laughs] So, [laughs] So, you should sit a little away, friend. What was I talking about?  So a video was What was I talking about?  So a video was What was I talking about?  So a video was released titled Women whose released titled Women whose released titled Women whose tagline was Are Women Becoming Men in Search tagline was Are Women Becoming Men in Search tagline was Are Women Becoming Men in Search of Freedom.  It's the first time I have written something provocatively of Freedom.  It's the first time I have written something provocatively of Freedom.  It's the first time I have written something provocatively in my career. in my career. in my career. And I got just as much abuse from the girls. And I got just as much abuse from the girls. And I got just as much abuse from the girls. [laughs] And I regretted the fact that [laughs] And I regretted the fact that [laughs] And I regretted the fact that girls are fools even when it comes to abusing. girls are fools even when it comes to abusing. girls are fools even when it comes to abusing. [laughs] I mean, the girls feel that I have mean, the girls feel that I have mean, the girls feel that I have insulted the female gender, so they are all abusing me, calling me names. insulted the female gender, so they are all abusing me, calling me names. insulted the female gender, so they are all abusing me, calling me names. Which is sad.  Because normally I do Which is sad.  Because normally I do Which is sad.  Because normally I do n't take anyone's side.  I I When I'm n't take anyone's side.  I I When I'm n't take anyone's side.  I I When I'm writing I'm Nobody's Friend.  Be it a writing I'm Nobody's Friend.  Be it a writing I'm Nobody's Friend.  Be it a woman or a man or Tiger Shroff. woman or a man or Tiger Shroff. woman or a man or Tiger Shroff. But I felt sorry for the girls.  I felt But I felt sorry for the girls.  I felt But I felt sorry for the girls.  I felt pity because I think today's pity because I think today's pity because I think today's girl is confused.  Because girl is confused.  Because girl is confused.  Because earlier girls used to live at home, they used to behave as per the wishes of the family members. earlier girls used to live at home, they used to behave as per the wishes of the family members. earlier girls used to live at home, they used to behave as per the wishes of the family members. Now, somehow, when I get free and go Now, somehow, when I get free and go Now, somehow, when I get free and go out of the house, feminism takes out of the house, feminism takes out of the house, feminism takes hold of me and says, now do as we say.  Earlier the hold of me and says, now do as we say.  Earlier the hold of me and says, now do as we say.  Earlier the family members were saying to stay away from the man.  Now family members were saying to stay away from the man.  Now family members were saying to stay away from the man.  Now feminism is saying stay away from the man.  [laughs] feminism is saying stay away from the man.  [laughs] feminism is saying stay away from the man.  [laughs] First she was making parathas, now she is making PPTs. First she was making parathas, now she is making PPTs. First she was making parathas, now she is making PPTs. [laughter] She was going back and forth to her [laughter] She was going back and forth to her [laughter] She was going back and forth to her husband.  Now she is husband.  Now she is husband.  Now she is flattering the boss.  But are the flattering the boss.  But are the flattering the boss.  But are the girls happy from within?  I don't care. girls happy from within?  I don't care. girls happy from within?  I don't care. I'm just telling you, brother.  [laughter] I'm just telling you, brother.  [laughter] I'm just telling you, brother.  [laughter] Not giving an opinion.  I am just telling you. Not giving an opinion.  I am just telling you. Not giving an opinion.  I am just telling you. And I am just telling you.  Just And I am just telling you.  Just And I am just telling you.  Just Information. Information. Information. Like Google Maps, it Like Google Maps, it Like Google Maps, it only gives information.  Take a left to the hospital. only gives information.  Take a left to the hospital. only gives information.  Take a left to the hospital. Take it in the park for a ride, Take it in the park for a ride, Take it in the park for a ride, take it in the mouth for an appraisal.  [laughs] Whether you want to take it in the mouth for an appraisal.  [laughs] Whether you want to take it in the mouth for an appraisal.  [laughs] Whether you want to take it or not is your decision. take it or not is your decision. take it or not is your decision. I'm not telling anyone what to do. I'm not telling anyone what to do. I'm not telling anyone what to do. Like if I am saying that Like if I am saying that Like if I am saying that girls are getting naked on Instagram these days. girls are getting naked on Instagram these days. girls are getting naked on Instagram these days. [laughs] So I'm never saying whether she's doing the [laughs] So I'm never saying whether she's doing the [laughs] So I'm never saying whether she's doing the right thing or the wrong thing. right thing or the wrong thing. right thing or the wrong thing. Brother, whatever they do in their life.  On the contrary, I am Brother, whatever they do in their life.  On the contrary, I am Brother, whatever they do in their life.  On the contrary, I am defending her and saying that girls defending her and saying that girls defending her and saying that girls perceive themselves as art pieces.  And perceive themselves as art pieces.  And perceive themselves as art pieces.  And what does the art piece like?  Exhibition. what does the art piece like?  Exhibition. what does the art piece like?  Exhibition. But the funny thing is that these same girls were But the funny thing is that these same girls were But the funny thing is that these same girls were saying three or four years ago that saying three or four years ago that saying three or four years ago that in this man-made world, women are only seen as eye candy. in this man-made world, women are only seen as eye candy. in this man-made world, women are only seen as eye candy. Her beauty is Her beauty is Her beauty is objectified.  What about the other girls objectified.  What about the other girls objectified.  What about the other girls too? Yes sister, what is right? too? Yes sister, what is right? too? Yes sister, what is right? This is happening in the world created by such a man.  Then This is happening in the world created by such a man.  Then This is happening in the world created by such a man.  Then a man created Instagram.  [laughs] a man created Instagram.  [laughs] a man created Instagram.  [laughs] So now the girls are fighting about whether or So now the girls are fighting about whether or So now the girls are fighting about whether or not I'll get naked first.  No, not me first, not I'll get naked first.  No, not me first, not I'll get naked first.  No, not me first, you have been getting naked for a long time.  Now it you have been getting naked for a long time.  Now it you have been getting naked for a long time.  Now it is my turn.  Girls are getting naked by doing collaborations. is my turn.  Girls are getting naked by doing collaborations. is my turn.  Girls are getting naked by doing collaborations. That's funny.  Being naked is not funny.  The culture That's funny.  Being naked is not funny.  The culture That's funny.  Being naked is not funny.  The culture shift is funny.  The joke is on culture shift, friend. shift is funny.  The joke is on culture shift, friend. shift is funny.  The joke is on culture shift, friend. Because friends, we Because friends, we Because friends, we fight a lot in the name of culture, that is what I fight a lot in the name of culture, that is what I fight a lot in the name of culture, that is what I wanted to point out that all these wanted to point out that all these wanted to point out that all these principles, theories and ideals are valid only till they do principles, theories and ideals are valid only till they do principles, theories and ideals are valid only till they do not come in the way of earning money.  The not come in the way of earning money.  The not come in the way of earning money.  The father who earlier wanted his daughter to become an IAS PCS is father who earlier wanted his daughter to become an IAS PCS is father who earlier wanted his daughter to become an IAS PCS is now forwarding videos of her tutoring now forwarding videos of her tutoring now forwarding videos of her tutoring to his friends [laughs] saying to his friends [laughs] saying to his friends [laughs] saying please watch and like and subscribe. please watch and like and subscribe. please watch and like and subscribe. Shake her like your own daughter [laughs]. And okay, it's her call, but tomorrow this same And okay, it's her call, but tomorrow this same And okay, it's her call, but tomorrow this same person will fight with people from other cultures, saying, " person will fight with people from other cultures, saying, " person will fight with people from other cultures, saying, " You're not following my culture, you're You're not following my culture, you're You're not following my culture, you're not following your own." [laughs]. not following your own." [laughs]. not following your own." [laughs]. Again, I'm not saying that people should Again, I'm not saying that people should Again, I'm not saying that people should follow culture, but I am saying follow culture, but I am saying follow culture, but I am saying that all these things are that all these things are that all these things are theoretical. So, if you girls are theoretical. So, if you girls are theoretical. So, if you girls are becoming free, they don't need to study any theory. Be it becoming free, they don't need to study any theory. Be it masculinity, feminism, masculinity, feminism, masculinity, feminism, Marxism, or whatever it is. You live your life Marxism, or whatever it is. You live your life Marxism, or whatever it is. You live your life happily. You see how to happily. You see how to happily. You see how to explore womanhood. You have to chill explore womanhood. You have to chill explore womanhood. You have to chill in life. That's all I was talking about in life. That's all I was talking about in life. That's all I was talking about in my previous video, talking about all these themes in my previous video, talking about all these themes in my previous video, talking about all these themes in good words. [laughs]. But the girls felt that I was hitting them, But the girls felt that I was hitting them, and it's not that much their fault, because and it's not that much their fault, because and it's not that much their fault, because in comedy, even if you talk about someone's in comedy, even if you talk about someone's in comedy, even if you talk about someone's well-being, you do it by hitting them, well-being, you do it by hitting them, well-being, you do it by hitting them, because because because poetry is the poetry is the poetry is the world's loosest art form for flattery. world's loosest art form for flattery. world's loosest art form for flattery. [laughs]. [laughs]. [laughs]. More than 80% of the poetry is that girl's.  It is More than 80% of the poetry is that girl's.  It is More than 80% of the poetry is that girl's.  It is in praise that she cut it and went away.  [laughter] The boys are busy remembering him [laughter] [praise].  That boys are busy remembering him [laughter] [praise].  That boys are busy remembering him [laughter] [praise].  That I have written this poem by staying awake at night.  Yes, so I have written this poem by staying awake at night.  Yes, so I have written this poem by staying awake at night.  Yes, so what options do you have, friend? what options do you have, friend? what options do you have, friend? What will you do by staying awake at night?  Do you know What will you do by staying awake at night?  Do you know What will you do by staying awake at night?  Do you know who is not staying awake at night and writing poems who is not staying awake at night and writing poems who is not staying awake at night and writing poems ?  With the one who is having sex.  [laughter] ?  With the one who is having sex.  [laughter] ?  With the one who is having sex.  [laughter] [laughter] Are [laughter] Are [laughter] Are you having fun? So that was all it meant.  The video was released and So that was all it meant.  The video was released and So that was all it meant.  The video was released and received a very good response.  The boys received a very good response.  The boys received a very good response.  The boys responded better.  This time the response from the girls was responded better.  This time the response from the girls was responded better.  This time the response from the girls was not so good.  The main not so good.  The main not so good.  The main reason for this was that most of the jokes were on girls. reason for this was that most of the jokes were on girls. reason for this was that most of the jokes were on girls. I think girls' jokes are I think girls' jokes are I think girls' jokes are funny only as long as someone else is being hit. funny only as long as someone else is being hit. funny only as long as someone else is being hit. Meaning I am not talking about the girls here. Meaning I am not talking about the girls here. Meaning I am not talking about the girls here. This is all cool.  It is special. This is all cool.  It is special. This is all cool.  It is special. Obviously.  [laughs] But generally, I've noticed that girls But generally, I've noticed that girls But generally, I've noticed that girls only find jokes funny when someone else is getting hit. only find jokes funny when someone else is getting hit. only find jokes funny when someone else is getting hit. You say that if a man is a dog then it is You say that if a man is a dog then it is You say that if a man is a dog then it is funny.  But you said that woman is a buffalo. funny.  But you said that woman is a buffalo. funny.  But you said that woman is a buffalo. So the girls say no.  [laughs] Commenting on the video.  [laughter] Commenting on the video.  [laughter] Commenting on the video.  [laughter] Wow.  Comparing Bffs to Women.  Just wow. Wow.  Comparing Bffs to Women.  Just wow. Wow.  Comparing Bffs to Women.  Just wow. Hey brother, I am just telling a joke.  I am not Hey brother, I am just telling a joke.  I am not Hey brother, I am just telling a joke.  I am not comparing them at all.  Women are comparing them at all.  Women are comparing them at all.  Women are much more simple than buffaloes. much more simple than buffaloes. much more simple than buffaloes. And the matriarch is usually a buffalo.   If she gives And the matriarch is usually a buffalo.   If she gives And the matriarch is usually a buffalo.   If she gives birth to a child, she raises it herself.   She does birth to a child, she raises it herself.   She does birth to a child, she raises it herself.   She does not cry after going near the bull. not cry after going near the bull. not cry after going near the bull. For calf support. Any joke on the man.  Like one of my Any joke on the man.  Like one of my Any joke on the man.  Like one of my jokes went viral.  You guys jokes went viral.  You guys jokes went viral.  You guys might have heard about earning. might have heard about earning. might have heard about earning. So it was in the girls' favor.  Then did no So it was in the girls' favor.  Then did no So it was in the girls' favor.  Then did no girl say, hey, why are you talking like this girl say, hey, why are you talking like this girl say, hey, why are you talking like this ?  Why are you using derogatory language ?  Why are you using derogatory language ?  Why are you using derogatory language against the man?  So now the girls were commenting on against the man?  So now the girls were commenting on against the man?  So now the girls were commenting on Finally Someone Set It [laughs] that we're greedy. that we're greedy. that we're greedy. Now when jokes are made on girls, girls are Now when jokes are made on girls, girls are Now when jokes are made on girls, girls are finding politics in jokes.  She is commenting that finding politics in jokes.  She is commenting that finding politics in jokes.  She is commenting that instead of uplifting women.  You are making instead of uplifting women.  You are making instead of uplifting women.  You are making fun of him. fun of him. fun of him. You should be ashamed.  Firstly, I feel that there are You should be ashamed.  Firstly, I feel that there are You should be ashamed.  Firstly, I feel that there are so many idiots in India so many idiots in India so many idiots in India who go and type below comedy videos. who go and type below comedy videos. who go and type below comedy videos. Why are you joking?  [laughter] [applause] I'll go to the DJ and say, why are you playing so loud go to the DJ and say, why are you playing so loud go to the DJ and say, why are you playing so loud ?  [laughter] The joke needs an uplift.  Firstly, I do joke needs an uplift.  Firstly, I do joke needs an uplift.  Firstly, I do n't understand why these girls are shouting uplift me n't understand why these girls are shouting uplift me n't understand why these girls are shouting uplift me like beggars everywhere. like beggars everywhere. like beggars everywhere. Brother, you are independent, now Brother, you are independent, now Brother, you are independent, now uplift yourself.  This is what it uplift yourself.  This is what it uplift yourself.  This is what it means to be independent, friend, what a new means to be independent, friend, what a new means to be independent, friend, what a new genre has come up, dependent independent genre has come up, dependent independent genre has come up, dependent independent woman.   The woman.   The woman.   The girls themselves are becoming independent with fun.  She will continue girls themselves are becoming independent with fun.  She will continue girls themselves are becoming independent with fun.  She will continue distributing work to everyone else distributing work to everyone else distributing work to everyone else because female colleagues should be supported. because female colleagues should be supported. because female colleagues should be supported. Female entrepreneurs should get more opportunities. Female entrepreneurs should get more opportunities. Female entrepreneurs should get more opportunities. And the most famous thing is that mothers should And the most famous thing is that mothers should And the most famous thing is that mothers should teach their sons to teach their sons to teach their sons to respect women when they grow up. respect women when they grow up. respect women when they grow up. Yes brother, this is what mothers teach.  Mother, it is not that Yes brother, this is what mothers teach.  Mother, it is not that Yes brother, this is what mothers teach.  Mother, it is not that son, when you grow up, you should destroy son, when you grow up, you should destroy son, when you grow up, you should destroy these bastards.  [laughter] [ __ ] man [ __ ] man [ __ ] man comedy has become dangerous.  Buddy. comedy has become dangerous.  Buddy. comedy has become dangerous.  Buddy. I will also run a political movement in Comedy Khatron Ke Khiladi. I will also run a political movement in Comedy Khatron Ke Khiladi. I will also run a political movement in Comedy Khatron Ke Khiladi. Comedy is in danger.  And then I'll be the Comedy is in danger.  And then I'll be the Comedy is in danger.  And then I'll be the biggest threat to comedy myself [laughs]. biggest threat to comedy myself [laughs]. biggest threat to comedy myself [laughs]. [ __ ] man emotional messages from girls [ __ ] man emotional messages from girls [ __ ] man emotional messages from girls punch down women emotional messages punch down women emotional messages punch down women emotional messages a girl is DMing your mother must a girl is DMing your mother must a girl is DMing your mother must be a woman right now I said what does must be be a woman right now I said what does must be be a woman right now I said what does must be mean [compliment] a [compliment] a [compliment] a woman is a mother friend but the joke is woman is a mother friend but the joke is woman is a mother friend but the joke is not on mothers the joke is on women.  There is a mood for everything, friend. not on mothers the joke is on women.  There is a mood for everything, friend. not on mothers the joke is on women.  There is a mood for everything, friend. Every joke has a mood.  It was not like this that Every joke has a mood.  It was not like this that Every joke has a mood.  It was not like this that your friend your friend your friend told you, look, there is a girl passing by in front told you, look, there is a girl passing by in front told you, look, there is a girl passing by in front and you told him that your sister is also a girl. and you told him that your sister is also a girl. and you told him that your sister is also a girl. So he should go ahead and see him. So he should go ahead and see him. So he should go ahead and see him. [laughs] You've driven me crazy with your comments.  Meaning, crazy with your comments.  Meaning, crazy with your comments.  Meaning, most of the comments on the video are still most of the comments on the video are still most of the comments on the video are still positive.  But not in the middle positive.  But not in the middle positive.  But not in the middle which comes like a thorn.  Who spoils the day and goes away. which comes like a thorn.  Who spoils the day and goes away. which comes like a thorn.  Who spoils the day and goes away. I was I was I was reading the comments in it a few days ago.  Such comments must have been reading the comments in it a few days ago.  Such comments must have been reading the comments in it a few days ago.  Such comments must have been written.  Number one video sir ji.  Best written.  Number one video sir ji.  Best written.  Number one video sir ji.  Best Comedy I've Seen on the Internet.  This is Comedy I've Seen on the Internet.  This is Comedy I've Seen on the Internet.  This is not just comedy.  This is pure philosophy. not just comedy.  This is pure philosophy. not just comedy.  This is pure philosophy. Rhinoceros from somewhere.  [laughter] Rhinoceros from somewhere.  [laughter] Rhinoceros from somewhere.  [laughter] That's the way, man.  So much respect and so much That's the way, man.  So much respect and so much That's the way, man.  So much respect and so much disrespect at the same time.  A war has broken out disrespect at the same time.  A war has broken out disrespect at the same time.  A war has broken out in the comment section.  And in which I feel in the comment section.  And in which I feel in the comment section.  And in which I feel bad for the girls only.  Because girls are bad for the girls only.  Because girls are bad for the girls only.  Because girls are also a little educated.  So the also a little educated.  So the also a little educated.  So the girls are making sophisticated comments in their English. girls are making sophisticated comments in their English. girls are making sophisticated comments in their English. Boys from the front with their desi one Boys from the front with their desi one Boys from the front with their desi one word grenades word grenades word grenades a girl is writing after generations of a girl is writing after generations of a girl is writing after generations of struggle this is what we women have to put up with is this struggle this is what we women have to put up with is this struggle this is what we women have to put up with is this what modern comedy has what modern comedy has what modern comedy has reduced to below launde's comment Bernal reduced to below launde's comment Bernal reduced to below launde's comment Bernal [appreciation] it happened friend didi got burnt [laughs] didi got burnt [laughs] didi got burnt [laughs] boys themselves make such dramatic comments not boys themselves make such dramatic comments not boys themselves make such dramatic comments not I knew that brother there will be some reaction from the I knew that brother there will be some reaction from the I knew that brother there will be some reaction from the girls but the launde have done the girls but the launde have done the work of adding a complete middle release to that spark.  [laughter] It work of adding a complete middle release to that spark.  [laughter] It work of adding a complete middle release to that spark.  [laughter] It 's a comedy, brother. 's a comedy, brother. 's a comedy, brother. But it is not so.  There were But it is not so.  There were But it is not so.  There were also a lot of comments in support.  A lot of also a lot of comments in support.  A lot of also a lot of comments in support.  A lot of boys supported.  Heartfelt boys supported.  Heartfelt boys supported.  Heartfelt thanks to him.  The girls also supported. thanks to him.  The girls also supported. thanks to him.  The girls also supported. However, sometimes people fight and support you in However, sometimes people fight and support you in However, sometimes people fight and support you in such a way that your life becomes hell.   There was such a way that your life becomes hell.   There was such a way that your life becomes hell.   There was an Instagram page of a news portal on an Instagram page of a news portal on an Instagram page of a news portal on which my photo was posted which my photo was posted which my photo was posted and it was written Miserginist comedian and it was written Miserginist comedian and it was written Miserginist comedian telling derogatory jokes about women. telling derogatory jokes about women. telling derogatory jokes about women. Below that, a boy is writing in my support. Below that, a boy is writing in my support. Below that, a boy is writing in my support. If these jokes had been made by a good looking man If these jokes had been made by a good looking man then no one would have been angry but only then no one would have been angry but only then no one would have been angry but only Kaviraj has made them [laughter]. Kaviraj has made them [laughter]. Kaviraj has made them [laughter]. I said brother, it would have been better if you were on the other side I said brother, it would have been better if you were on the other side I said brother, it would have been better if you were on the other side [praise]. I did not feel as sad after reading the missive I did not feel as sad after reading the missive I did not feel as sad after reading the missive [laughter] as I did after reading [laughter] as I did after reading [laughter] as I did after reading his support but brother, he did a great job. The girls did but brother, he did a great job. The girls did but brother, he did a great job. The girls did impress him, it means it is not like that. impress him, it means it is not like that. impress him, it means it is not like that. I have cracked jokes on so many people.  Till now I have cracked jokes on so many people.  Till now I have cracked jokes on so many people.  Till now I have made jokes on man, I have I have made jokes on man, I have I have made jokes on man, I have made jokes on God, I have made jokes on BJP, I have made jokes on God, I have made jokes on BJP, I have made jokes on God, I have made jokes on BJP, I have made jokes on Congress, I have made made jokes on Congress, I have made made jokes on Congress, I have made jokes on Aam Aadmi Party, I have made jokes on Narendra Modi, Rahul Gandhi, jokes on Aam Aadmi Party, I have made jokes on Narendra Modi, Rahul Gandhi, jokes on Aam Aadmi Party, I have made jokes on Narendra Modi, Rahul Gandhi, Kejriwal, Sadhguru, Shri Shri, Salman Khan, everyone. Kejriwal, Sadhguru, Shri Shri, Salman Khan, everyone. Kejriwal, Sadhguru, Shri Shri, Salman Khan, everyone. [laughter] There's [laughter] There's [laughter] There's never been so much commotion. never been so much commotion. never been so much commotion. But the girls started such a movement that But the girls started such a movement that But the girls started such a movement that man, this man hates women, man, this man hates women, man, this man hates women, I hate women and not normal hatred, so much I hate women and not normal hatred, so much I hate women and not normal hatred, so much hatred that to hurt women, hatred that to hurt women, hatred that to hurt women, I left my job [laughs] and I left my job [laughs] and I left my job [laughs] and spent my savings and worked hard day and night for one and a half years and spent my savings and worked hard day and night for one and a half years and spent my savings and worked hard day and night for one and a half years and wrote jokes [laughs] so that no wrote jokes [laughs] so that no wrote jokes [laughs] so that no one would even know.  People will think he is doing one would even know.  People will think he is doing one would even know.  People will think he is doing stand up.  [laughs] stand up.  [laughs] stand up.  [laughs] Absolutely evil mad scientist level Absolutely evil mad scientist level Absolutely evil mad scientist level hate.  Meaning I am the super villain of the women's hate.  Meaning I am the super villain of the women's hate.  Meaning I am the super villain of the women's world and I will save the super heroine Kusha Kapila world and I will save the super heroine Kusha Kapila world and I will save the super heroine Kusha Kapila [laughs]. [laughs]. I still don't understand why I I still don't understand why I compared influencers to sex workers in a [ __ ] joke. compared influencers to sex workers in a [ __ ] joke. compared influencers to sex workers in a [ __ ] joke. So why did he feel so bad? So why did he feel so bad? So why did he feel so bad? [laughs] I [laughs] I [laughs] I mean, I don't feel bad when a girl says that a man mean, I don't feel bad when a girl says that a man mean, I don't feel bad when a girl says that a man is a dog. is a dog. is a dog. My dog ​​feels it [laughs] My dog ​​feels it [laughs] My dog ​​feels it [laughs] but I don't feel it as much because but I don't feel it as much because but I don't feel it as much because I know, man, I'm not a dog. I know, man, I'm not a dog. I know, man, I'm not a dog. And what she is saying that man is a dog is And what she is saying that man is a dog is And what she is saying that man is a dog is also for all men.  Hey, are you leaving also for all men.  Hey, are you leaving also for all men.  Hey, are you leaving ?   There's ?   There's ?   There's more beer [laughs]. more beer [laughs]. more beer [laughs]. What what?  Come again.   I What what?  Come again.   I What what?  Come again.   I drank too much beer.   I drank too much beer.   I drank too much beer.   I drank too much beer.   Okay okay. drank too much beer.   Okay okay. Ok.  You mean you are going to pee.  [laughter] So that's what I'm saying when somebody [laughter] was the only woman who hadn't seen the video. only woman who hadn't seen the video. only woman who hadn't seen the video. Because even if a girl is saying Because even if a girl is saying Because even if a girl is saying that men are dogs, I know she's that men are dogs, I know she's that men are dogs, I know she's not speaking for everyone, and the not speaking for everyone, and the not speaking for everyone, and the particular type of man she's talking about is particular type of man she's talking about is particular type of man she's talking about is probably a dog.  So, probably a dog.  So, probably a dog.  So, I am not I am not I am not talking about all the influencers, friend.  I am also talking about all the influencers, friend.  I am also talking about a particular segment of influencers.  This is normal, I talking about a particular segment of influencers.  This is normal, I talking about a particular segment of influencers.  This is normal, I mean normal grammar of talking.   Do I have to mean normal grammar of talking.   Do I have to mean normal grammar of talking.   Do I have to explain this too?  Man explain this too?  Man explain this too?  Man is a dog means some man.  Women are idiots, I is a dog means some man.  Women are idiots, I is a dog means some man.  Women are idiots, I mean some women.  JNU students are illiterate, that is, mean some women.  JNU students are illiterate, that is, mean some women.  JNU students are illiterate, that is, most of them. Not all of them [laughs] Not all of them [laughs] Not all of them [laughs] so I am also talking about a particular segment of so I am also talking about a particular segment of so I am also talking about a particular segment of influencers, friend, which influencers, friend, which influencers, friend, which means why did you compare it because it is comparable why did you compare it because it is comparable why did you compare it because it is comparable friend, I mean this is by definition, friend, you can friend, I mean this is by definition, friend, you can friend, I mean this is by definition, friend, you can google it and see, firstly people do google it and see, firstly people do google it and see, firstly people do not know that sex worker means not know that sex worker means only the one who has sex in exchange of money, it means the one who is stripping, only the one who has sex in exchange of money, it means the one who is stripping, only the one who has sex in exchange of money, it means the one who is stripping, who is taking off clothes for money who is taking off clothes for money who is taking off clothes for money or for some other mode of payment, who is or for some other mode of payment, who is or for some other mode of payment, who is giving sexual performance, which means erotic giving sexual performance, which means erotic giving sexual performance, which means erotic means online content creation, all this means online content creation, all this means online content creation, all this comes under sex work.  So I am also talking about the same particular comes under sex work.  So I am also talking about the same particular comes under sex work.  So I am also talking about the same particular segment of influencers. segment of influencers. segment of influencers. Where the main product for the girls is to Where the main product for the girls is to Where the main product for the girls is to strip erotically in front of the camera. strip erotically in front of the camera. strip erotically in front of the camera. Which is okay for them.  I just have Which is okay for them.  I just have Which is okay for them.  I just have no problem with the definition of their call, friend, no problem with the definition of their call, friend, no problem with the definition of their call, friend, taking off someone's clothes, you people will taking off someone's clothes, you people will taking off someone's clothes, you people will not believe it but I swear that till date, I have not believe it but I swear that till date, I have not stopped even one girl who has tried to take off her clothes in front of me not stopped even one girl who has tried to take off her clothes in front of me not stopped even one girl who has tried to take off her clothes in front of me [praise], I even [praise], I even [praise], I even encouraged her once and said, encouraged her once and said, encouraged her once and said, madam please [laughs] I have already taken the madam please [laughs] I have already taken the madam please [laughs] I have already taken the advance, please advance, please advance, please hurry up, my girlfriend must be waiting hurry up, my girlfriend must be waiting hurry up, my girlfriend must be waiting [laughs], friend, [laughs], friend, [laughs], friend, even the comedian got angry.  The comedian got even the comedian got angry.  The comedian got even the comedian got angry.  The comedian got angry.  A man is posting a story angry.  A man is posting a story angry.  A man is posting a story on Instagram saying that this is not comedy. on Instagram saying that this is not comedy. on Instagram saying that this is not comedy. There are more than three jokes in an hour. There are more than three jokes in an hour. There are more than three jokes in an hour. Who is this guy breaking our rules? Who is this guy breaking our rules? Who is this guy breaking our rules? A girl is posting a story that she is feeling unsafe.  I am A girl is posting a story that she is feeling unsafe.  I am A girl is posting a story that she is feeling unsafe.  I am feeling unsafe after listening to his jokes. feeling unsafe after listening to his jokes. feeling unsafe after listening to his jokes. So cancel it. So cancel it. So cancel it. Feeling unsafe, she is feeling unsafe after hearing that joke. Feeling unsafe, she is feeling unsafe after hearing that joke. Feeling unsafe, she is feeling unsafe after hearing that joke. Brother, if you are feeling uneasy after listening to the joke then Brother, if you are feeling uneasy after listening to the joke then Brother, if you are feeling uneasy after listening to the joke then you should work on your confidence. you should work on your confidence. you should work on your confidence. What is she getting the world cancelled?  Brother, What is she getting the world cancelled?  Brother, What is she getting the world cancelled?  Brother, if you feel cold then you will wear a sweater, right? if you feel cold then you will wear a sweater, right? if you feel cold then you will wear a sweater, right? It is not that you should cancel January. It is not that you should cancel January. It is not that you should cancel January. Feeling good now? Feeling good now? Feeling good now? Now it will be fun. Now it will be fun. Now it will be fun. Whom?  [laughter] Cancel January.  Are? Cancel January.  Are? Cancel January.  Are? You should cancel the joke itself.  [laughter] You should cancel the joke itself.  [laughter] You should cancel the joke itself.  [laughter] No, but that's not the case.  A lot of comics No, but that's not the case.  A lot of comics No, but that's not the case.  A lot of comics supported.  Especially the male comics received supported.  Especially the male comics received supported.  Especially the male comics received messages from many people from top to bottom. messages from many people from top to bottom. messages from many people from top to bottom. I received calls from many people and everyone called and said the same I received calls from many people and everyone called and said the same I received calls from many people and everyone called and said the same thing, brother, we fully support you.  And thing, brother, we fully support you.  And thing, brother, we fully support you.  And everyone said the same thing while hanging up the phone.  Brother, everyone said the same thing while hanging up the phone.  Brother, everyone said the same thing while hanging up the phone.  Brother, why doesn't anyone know that I called? why doesn't anyone know that I called? why doesn't anyone know that I called? [laughs] These guys are so broke.  Ca guys are so broke.  Ca guys are so broke.  Ca n't express myself. n't express myself. n't express myself. Girls can say anything.  Let me give you an Girls can say anything.  Let me give you an Girls can say anything.  Let me give you an example.  Just a few days example.  Just a few days example.  Just a few days ago I saw a post which was going viral on Instagram. ago I saw a post which was going viral on Instagram. ago I saw a post which was going viral on Instagram. Its headline is A Its headline is A Its headline is A Woman Sleeps Better Next to a Dog. Woman Sleeps Better Next to a Dog. Woman Sleeps Better Next to a Dog. [laughter] Then sleeping next to a man. [laughter] Then sleeping next to a man. [laughter] Then sleeping next to a man. This is the only respect left for the man.  The dog This is the only respect left for the man.  The dog This is the only respect left for the man.  The dog knocked the man down.  Firstly, which bastard has knocked the man down.  Firstly, which bastard has knocked the man down.  Firstly, which bastard has so much time to do this research? so much time to do this research? so much time to do this research? That means we'll keep looking for a cure for cancer. That means we'll keep looking for a cure for cancer. That means we'll keep looking for a cure for cancer. First find out next to First find out next to First find out next to whom a woman likes to sleep more, a whom a woman likes to sleep more, a whom a woman likes to sleep more, a man or a dog? man or a dog? man or a dog? But it's okay, you can take that too in a fun way. But it's okay, you can take that too in a fun way. But it's okay, you can take that too in a fun way. But does anyone in this world have the guts to But does anyone in this world have the guts to But does anyone in this world have the guts to print its reverse and show it because I print its reverse and show it because I print its reverse and show it because I know that its reverse will also be true. know that its reverse will also be true. know that its reverse will also be true. That a man sleeps better next to a [ __ ] That a man sleeps better next to a [ __ ] That a man sleeps better next to a [ __ ] than sleeping next to the [ __ ]. than sleeping next to the [ __ ]. than sleeping next to the [ __ ]. [cheering] [applause] Our communication became inclined towards the girls. Our communication became inclined towards the girls. Our communication became inclined towards the girls. Psychological biases have come Psychological biases have come Psychological biases have come into us.  And the boys have a hand in this, they have into us.  And the boys have a hand in this, they have into us.  And the boys have a hand in this, they have contributed.  Because the low contributed.  Because the low contributed.  Because the low sperm boys of today [laughs] think that the think that the think that the only way to impress a girl is to keep agreeing only way to impress a girl is to keep agreeing only way to impress a girl is to keep agreeing with her.  With eyes closed.  I was watching a podcast. with her.  With eyes closed.  I was watching a podcast. with her.  With eyes closed.  I was watching a podcast. A boy is hosting it. A boy is hosting it. A boy is hosting it. He is talking to the girl.  And he He is talking to the girl.  And he He is talking to the girl.  And he is obviously sitting there to agree. is obviously sitting there to agree. is obviously sitting there to agree. So that girl means we are talking about some consent.  The So that girl means we are talking about some consent.  The So that girl means we are talking about some consent.  The girl is saying that no means no girl is saying that no means no girl is saying that no means no obviously no means no [laughs] and may be also means no then he obviously no means no [laughs] and may be also means no then he obviously no means no [laughs] and may be also means no then he says no [laughs] says no [laughs] says no [laughs] then she says and sometimes yes also means no then she says and sometimes yes also means no then she says and sometimes yes also means no and that boy also means once [laughs] [praise] hey [praise] hey [praise] hey what are you doing you idiot [laughs] what are you doing you idiot [laughs] what are you doing you idiot [laughs] ask him how yes means no friend means ask him how yes means no friend means ask him how yes means no friend means you should do a course in language then you should do a course in language then you should do a course in language then [laughs] yes yes means no that I will [laughs] yes yes means no that I will [laughs] yes yes means no that I will say yes tonight and then tomorrow morning I will decide whether say yes tonight and then tomorrow morning I will decide whether say yes tonight and then tomorrow morning I will decide whether my yes meant yes or no. my yes meant yes or no. my yes meant yes or no. [laughs] The [laughs] The [laughs] The poor guy is waiting in tension, poor guy is waiting in tension, poor guy is waiting in tension, not knowing whether he will be not knowing whether he will be not knowing whether he will be in a relationship or in jail the next day. in a relationship or in jail the next day. in a relationship or in jail the next day. [laughs] There's a [laughs] There's a [laughs] There's a reveal party for that too. reveal party for that too. reveal party for that too. Like there is a gender reveal party. Like there is a gender reveal party. Like there is a gender reveal party. [sound of throat clearing] That in houses where [sound of throat clearing] That in houses where [sound of throat clearing] That in houses where a woman is pregnant, they have a a woman is pregnant, they have a a woman is pregnant, they have a party called a gender reveal party.  So the party called a gender reveal party.  So the party called a gender reveal party.  So the box is kept.  If you open it again, box is kept.  If you open it again, box is kept.  If you open it again, blue smoke comes out of it, so blue smoke comes out of it, so blue smoke comes out of it, so it's a boy.  And if red smoke comes out then it means it's a boy.  And if red smoke comes out then it means it's a boy.  And if red smoke comes out then it means abortion [laughs], abortion [laughs], abortion [laughs], not that not that I went to Haryana Gender Reveal Party suddenly [laughs] so it must happen for such boys too, now the so it must happen for such boys too, now the so it must happen for such boys too, now the girl said yes and everything is done, then the girl said yes and everything is done, then the girl said yes and everything is done, then the next day the boy is waiting at home, he next day the boy is waiting at home, he next day the boy is waiting at home, he opened the door of the house, there is a box kept in front of him, on opened the door of the house, there is a box kept in front of him, on opened the door of the house, there is a box kept in front of him, on it is written boyfriend it is written boyfriend it is written boyfriend or rapist [laughs] if it is or rapist [laughs] if it is or rapist [laughs] if it is boyfriend then the girl is coming out of the box boyfriend then the girl is coming out of the box boyfriend then the girl is coming out of the box and if it is rapist then BJP and if it is rapist then BJP and if it is rapist then BJP people come out and you are welcome to the party. people come out and you are welcome to the party. people come out and you are welcome to the party. You must be thinking that such people are there You must be thinking that such people are there You must be thinking that such people are there in every party, in Congress, in BSP in every party, in Congress, in BSP in every party, in Congress, in BSP , in Samajwadi Party, then , in Samajwadi Party, then , in Samajwadi Party, then why did I take the name of only BJP?  Because the why did I take the name of only BJP?  Because the why did I take the name of only BJP?  Because the rent of this venue is Rs 60,000, I paid Rs rent of this venue is Rs 60,000, I paid Rs rent of this venue is Rs 60,000, I paid Rs 71,000 because Rs 11,000 is GST tax which 71,000 because Rs 11,000 is GST tax which 71,000 because Rs 11,000 is GST tax which I paid from the money on which I paid from the money on which I paid from the money on which tax has already been levied.  That's why I tax has already been levied.  That's why I tax has already been levied.  That's why I took the name of BJP.  [Laughter] I said yes yes and gave the I said yes yes and gave the I said yes yes and gave the money but in my heart I was thinking no no money but in my heart I was thinking no no money but in my heart I was thinking no no [Laughter] because sometimes yes means no [ [Laughter] because sometimes yes means no [ Appreciation] Appreciation] Appreciation] no you guys should not laugh at this, that's what I am no you guys should not laugh at this, that's what I am no you guys should not laugh at this, that's what I am saying no [Laughter] it happens yes means no man like take saying no [Laughter] it happens yes means no man like take saying no [Laughter] it happens yes means no man like take some some some responsibility what is coming out of responsibility what is coming out of responsibility what is coming out of your mouth man how is this yes means no your mouth man how is this yes means no your mouth man how is this yes means no because the picture is playing out that you have to earn as much as you want to lose because the picture is playing out that you have to earn as much as you want to lose because the picture is playing out that you have to earn as much as you want to lose [Laughter] to win you have to [Laughter] to win you have to [Laughter] to win you have to lose and after losing the winner has to sell gutkha lose and after losing the winner has to sell gutkha lose and after losing the winner has to sell gutkha [Laughter] keep the basics clear man yes means yes and no means basics clear man yes means yes and no means basics clear man yes means yes and no means no and may be means you will come out a little less no and may be means you will come out a little less no and may be means you will come out a little less buy a bigger apartment buy a bigger apartment buy a bigger apartment that day her yes will also mean her yes that day her yes will also mean her yes that day her yes will also mean her yes and I am not like that man that I am doing and I am not like that man that I am doing and I am not like that man that I am doing stand up to degrade girls and women.  I mean not entirely. stand up to degrade girls and women.  I mean not entirely. I know women have had a lot of problems in their lives.  It still exists I know women have had a lot of problems in their lives.  It still exists I know women have had a lot of problems in their lives.  It still exists and should be and should be and should be talked about.  But I am talked about.  But I am talked about.  But I am not joking about them.  I am joking on these not joking about them.  I am joking on these not joking about them.  I am joking on these urban privileged girls who urban privileged girls who urban privileged girls who go to college with their father's money and write ' go to college with their father's money and write ' go to college with their father's money and write ' rebel' in their bio.  [laughter] rebel' in their bio.  [laughter] rebel' in their bio.  [laughter] Fighting for our freedom.  Which Fighting for our freedom.  Which Fighting for our freedom.  Which fight for freedom is yours, friend?  Your blinker is fight for freedom is yours, friend?  Your blinker is fight for freedom is yours, friend?  Your blinker is not coming on time.  [laughter] not coming on time.  [laughter] not coming on time.  [laughter] It's like your car's AC isn't working It's like your car's AC isn't working It's like your car's AC isn't working or the drums are expensive.  Which freedom is or the drums are expensive.  Which freedom is or the drums are expensive.  Which freedom is yours?  [laughter] yours?  [laughter] yours?  [laughter] Girls live in ads, man.  Ask the girls Girls live in ads, man.  Ask the girls Girls live in ads, man.  Ask the girls what is the time these days?  I am a free what is the time these days?  I am a free what is the time these days?  I am a free woman.  [laughter] Hey man, what's going on in your head woman.  [laughter] Hey man, what's going on in your head woman.  [laughter] Hey man, what's going on in your head ?  And with so much pride, friend, ?  And with so much pride, friend, ?  And with so much pride, friend, look, pride is shown on something in which look, pride is shown on something in which look, pride is shown on something in which you have some hand in achieving it. you have some hand in achieving it. you have some hand in achieving it. Female freedom is a by-product of Female freedom is a by-product of Female freedom is a by-product of technology.  There is more technology in the city technology.  There is more technology in the city technology.  There is more technology in the city , there is more freedom in the city.  If you , there is more freedom in the city.  If you , there is more freedom in the city.  If you go to very remote areas, your go to very remote areas, your go to very remote areas, your freedom there will decrease.  Like if you freedom there will decrease.  Like if you freedom there will decrease.  Like if you go to very remote areas like Siberia or go to very remote areas like Siberia or go to very remote areas like Siberia or Laska type places, there feminism Laska type places, there feminism Laska type places, there feminism is zero because the temperature is -50. is zero because the temperature is -50. is zero because the temperature is -50. [laughter] That [laughter] That [laughter] That means fire is more important there than water. means fire is more important there than water. means fire is more important there than water. Wood burns in the furnace for 24 hours and only then it becomes Wood burns in the furnace for 24 hours and only then it becomes Wood burns in the furnace for 24 hours and only then it becomes worth living.  And where does the wood worth living.  And where does the wood worth living.  And where does the wood come from?  Out of the woods.   I go come from?  Out of the woods.   I go come from?  Out of the woods.   I go out, there is a snowstorm and there is a out, there is a snowstorm and there is a out, there is a snowstorm and there is a forest where ferocious wolves live.  [laughter] forest where ferocious wolves live.  [laughter] forest where ferocious wolves live.  [laughter] So do you know what the women there do to So do you know what the women there do to So do you know what the women there do to get wood from the forest?  Marriage [laughter] But a day will come when Blinket will come there too, But a day will come when Blinket will come there too, But a day will come when Blinket will come there too, who will take ₹30 extra and who will take ₹30 extra and who will take ₹30 extra and deliver a wooden gift trap.  That deliver a wooden gift trap.  That deliver a wooden gift trap.  That day the girls there will also say proud day the girls there will also say proud day the girls there will also say proud feminist.  [laughter] The feminist.  [laughter] The feminist.  [laughter] The man kept us imprisoned.  Friend, man kept us imprisoned.  Friend, man kept us imprisoned.  Friend, I don't understand the concept of imprisonment.  If the I don't understand the concept of imprisonment.  If the I don't understand the concept of imprisonment.  If the women were imprisoned, why didn't they run away? women were imprisoned, why didn't they run away? women were imprisoned, why didn't they run away? [Laughter] When a [Laughter] When a [Laughter] When a man went to work, it was not like he would man went to work, it was not like he would man went to work, it was not like he would chain up his wife or his girl chain up his wife or his girl chain up his wife or his girl or lock her house. or lock her house. or lock her house. Women did not run away from the open house.   The Women did not run away from the open house.   The Women did not run away from the open house.   The man escapes from jail. man escapes from jail. man escapes from jail. [applause] The jail where the guard is sitting, the jail where the guard is sitting, the jail where the guard is sitting, the jailer is sitting with a gun.  There are high walls, jailer is sitting with a gun.  There are high walls, jailer is sitting with a gun.  There are high walls, iron barbed wires are stars.  There are iron iron barbed wires are stars.  There are iron iron barbed wires are stars.  There are iron doors and big locks.  The man runs away from there. doors and big locks.  The man runs away from there. doors and big locks.  The man runs away from there. Women Women Women don't run through open doors, man.  I mean, imagine a prison where even after the don't run through open doors, man.  I mean, imagine a prison where even after the don't run through open doors, man.  I mean, imagine a prison where even after the jailer and guards open all the doors, the jailer and guards open all the doors, the jailer and guards open all the doors, the prisoners are not escaping.  What does this mean prisoners are not escaping.  What does this mean prisoners are not escaping.  What does this mean ?  This means that the prisoners know that there is ?  This means that the prisoners know that there is ?  This means that the prisoners know that there is more to life outside the prison than inside it. more to life outside the prison than inside it. more to life outside the prison than inside it. So if you want to analyze the past, you have to So if you want to analyze the past, you have to analyze it taking into account the progress of that time, the culture of that time, the infrastructure of that time.  Which these analyze it taking into account the progress of that time, the culture of that time, the infrastructure of that time.  Which these analyze it taking into account the progress of that time, the culture of that time, the infrastructure of that time.  Which these feminist type girls are not able to do feminist type girls are not able to do feminist type girls are not able to do because most of them are from the art side. because most of them are from the art side. because most of them are from the art side. So they think that things have always been the same as they are today. So they think that things have always been the same as they are today. No, I know because I have talked. No, I know because I have talked. No, I know because I have talked. I have talked to a lot of people. I have talked to a lot of people. I have talked to a lot of people. Not the kind of girls who introduce themselves as Not the kind of girls who introduce themselves as Not the kind of girls who introduce themselves as I am a writer and also I am a I am a writer and also I am a I am a writer and also I am a feminist as if there is some skill for feminist as if there is some skill for feminist as if there is some skill for which one has to pass an exam to which one has to pass an exam to which one has to pass an exam to become a feminist.  No, like I say I am a become a feminist.  No, like I say I am a become a feminist.  No, like I say I am a comedian and I also am a comedian and I also am a comedian and I also am a filmmaker.  So because I worked filmmaker.  So because I worked filmmaker.  So because I worked in script writing and direction. in script writing and direction. in script writing and direction. But if a girl is saying that I am a But if a girl is saying that I am a But if a girl is saying that I am a comedian and also I am a feminist. comedian and also I am a feminist. comedian and also I am a feminist. So this means two useless things have happened. So this means two useless things have happened. So this means two useless things have happened. What about feminism, man?  Feminism What about feminism, man?  Feminism What about feminism, man?  Feminism is Bajrang Dal for girls.  [laughs] After is Bajrang Dal for girls.  [laughs] After is Bajrang Dal for girls.  [laughs] After talking to many girls, I felt that talking to many girls, I felt that talking to many girls, I felt that they think that the situation is the same as it was they think that the situation is the same as it was they think that the situation is the same as it was before.  Because they judge their mothers also on the before.  Because they judge their mothers also on the before.  Because they judge their mothers also on the basis that their mother was a loser.  She did basis that their mother was a loser.  She did basis that their mother was a loser.  She did not leave the house.  The poor mother is expressing herself honestly and not leave the house.  The poor mother is expressing herself honestly and sharing the ups and downs of her life.  Son, sharing the ups and downs of her life.  Son, sharing the ups and downs of her life.  Son, your father was very nice.  He took great care.  He used to your father was very nice.  He took great care.  He used to your father was very nice.  He took great care.  He used to take me for walks also but I used to take me for walks also but I used to take me for walks also but I used to shout a lot.  Wherever I looked, they started shouting, " shout a lot.  Wherever I looked, they started shouting, " shout a lot.  Wherever I looked, they started shouting, " Mom, why didn't you leave me Mom, why didn't you leave me Mom, why didn't you leave me ?"  [laughs] ?"  [laughs] ?"  [laughs] Mom, why didn't you become an influencer Mom, why didn't you become an influencer Mom, why didn't you become an influencer like me? [laughs] Hey son, [laughs] Hey son, [laughs] Hey son, where was Instagram in our time? where was Instagram in our time? where was Instagram in our time? What are you talking about, mom?  There wasn't even Instagram. What are you talking about, mom?  There wasn't even Instagram. What are you talking about, mom?  There wasn't even Instagram. So, Mom, why did you go for a walk again? So, Mom, why did you go for a walk again? So, Mom, why did you go for a walk again? So [laughs] Mummy So [laughs] Mummy So [laughs] Mummy girls think they are losers, friend, nowadays I have girls think they are losers, friend, nowadays I have girls think they are losers, friend, nowadays I have seen in many girls that they think their mother is a loser, that I should become seen in many girls that they think their mother is a loser, that I should become seen in many girls that they think their mother is a loser, that I should become something in life, I should something in life, I should something in life, I should not become like my mother.  The opposite happens with boys.  The not become like my mother.  The opposite happens with boys.  The not become like my mother.  The opposite happens with boys.  The boy may have been a little boy may have been a little boy may have been a little irritated with his father since childhood irritated with his father since childhood irritated with his father since childhood because he walks around the house with great arrogance. because he walks around the house with great arrogance. because he walks around the house with great arrogance. [laughs] He yells at mommy at times. yells at mommy at times. yells at mommy at times. But then eventually the boy himself leaves But then eventually the boy himself leaves But then eventually the boy himself leaves home to earn money.  Loaded with expectations. home to earn money.  Loaded with expectations. home to earn money.  Loaded with expectations. Thinking about his father makes him cry.  What a Thinking about his father makes him cry.  What a Thinking about his father makes him cry.  What a man, he was a superman.  I am man, he was a superman.  I am man, he was a superman.  I am not able to earn for myself alone.  This was earning for five people. not able to earn for myself alone.  This was earning for five people. not able to earn for myself alone.  This was earning for five people. Respect Respect Respect for the father develops.  And for the father develops.  And for the father develops.  And why didn't the girls go to the therapist why didn't the girls go to the therapist why didn't the girls go to the therapist like me?  [laughter] Baba, Baba, Baba, why didn't you spend ₹5,000 and go to a therapist for me? why didn't you spend ₹5,000 and go to a therapist for me? why didn't you spend ₹5,000 and go to a therapist for me? Hey son, in our times, we didn't have ₹5,000 left Hey son, in our times, we didn't have ₹5,000 left Hey son, in our times, we didn't have ₹5,000 left for a therapist, we only had ₹100 left in our for a therapist, we only had ₹100 left in our for a therapist, we only had ₹100 left in our time.  What are you remembering, Papa? time.  What are you remembering, Papa? time.  What are you remembering, Papa? Papa, which therapist comes for ₹100? Papa, which therapist comes for ₹100? Papa, which therapist comes for ₹100? Hey son that old muck Hey son that old muck Hey son that old muck No I am not saying that the life of brother's No I am not saying that the life of brother's No I am not saying that the life of brother's women was amazing for its time. women was amazing for its time. women was amazing for its time. No, it was not like that.  There was a problem No, it was not like that.  There was a problem No, it was not like that.  There was a problem and it was because of the man.  That's correct. and it was because of the man.  That's correct. and it was because of the man.  That's correct. But it was not only because of man. But it was not only because of man. But it was not only because of man. Women also had problems because of women.  These Women also had problems because of women.  These Women also had problems because of women.  These modern women have modern women have modern women have completely removed their names from this topic of harassment. completely removed their names from this topic of harassment. Because if you make a man the villain, there are Because if you make a man the villain, there are Because if you make a man the villain, there are chances of getting the rights from there. chances of getting the rights from there. chances of getting the rights from there. By speaking ill of women, the By speaking ill of women, the By speaking ill of women, the names of women were cleverly removed.  Whereas the names of women were cleverly removed.  Whereas the names of women were cleverly removed.  Whereas the major problem has been with women.  Brother, women are major problem has been with women.  Brother, women are major problem has been with women.  Brother, women are psychos.  They climb on each other without any reason.   If a psychos.  They climb on each other without any reason.   If a man has an enemy, you should see that man has an enemy, you should see that man has an enemy, you should see that he has a back story. he has a back story. he has a back story. Due to some reason one person climbs above another person.   A Due to some reason one person climbs above another person.   A Due to some reason one person climbs above another person.   A random girl passes in front of the woman random girl passes in front of the woman random girl passes in front of the woman wearing nice clothes.  It is not as much as she wearing nice clothes.  It is not as much as she wearing nice clothes.  It is not as much as she thinks of herself.  [laughter] thinks of herself.  [laughter] thinks of herself.  [laughter] You asked your boyfriend how he was feeling You asked your boyfriend how he was feeling You asked your boyfriend how he was feeling and you accidentally said no, I didn't, which was the and you accidentally said no, I didn't, which was the and you accidentally said no, I didn't, which was the wrong answer.  You have to tell me wrong answer.  You have to tell me wrong answer.  You have to tell me who the girl is?  Where?  [laughter] Are there who the girl is?  Where?  [laughter] Are there who the girl is?  Where?  [laughter] Are there any girls besides you?   She hates it, man. hates it, man. hates it, man. Girls hate each other without any reason.  [laughter] I Girls hate each other without any reason.  [laughter] I Girls hate each other without any reason.  [laughter] I always have.  To those who are always have.  To those who are always have.  To those who are not believing what I am saying, I am telling you that not believing what I am saying, I am telling you that not believing what I am saying, I am telling you that next time you should watch a mother-in-law and daughter-in-law serial next time you should watch a mother-in-law and daughter-in-law serial next time you should watch a mother-in-law and daughter-in-law serial with your entire family.  If a with your entire family.  If a with your entire family.  If a woman gets slapped then you will see woman gets slapped then you will see woman gets slapped then you will see who is the happiest in the whole house.  [laughter] To the women of the house or to the men of the house. women of the house or to the men of the house. women of the house or to the men of the house. I was sitting and watching it with my grandmother once.  In that the I was sitting and watching it with my grandmother once.  In that the I was sitting and watching it with my grandmother once.  In that the husband gives a slap to his husband gives a slap to his husband gives a slap to his wife and my grandmother is the [ __ ] and she gave another one, she is my grandmother [laughter] and she gave another one, she is my grandmother [laughter] and she gave another one, she is my grandmother [laughter] no, like there is a lot of talk about dowry system that no, like there is a lot of talk about dowry system that no, like there is a lot of talk about dowry system that in the world made by men, dowry system in the world made by men, dowry system in the world made by men, dowry system and stuff [sound of clearing throat] and stuff [sound of clearing throat] and stuff [sound of clearing throat] so in that also I am telling you, so in that also I am telling you, so in that also I am telling you, I am telling you from my limited experience, I am telling you from my limited experience, I am telling you from my limited experience, in the entire dowry discussion the easiest thing is to in the entire dowry discussion the easiest thing is to in the entire dowry discussion the easiest thing is to impress the boy's father, you impress the boy's father, you impress the boy's father, you laugh at one of his hairy jokes [laughter] that is all it takes, laugh at one of his hairy jokes [laughter] that is all it takes, laugh at one of his hairy jokes [laughter] that is all it takes, he says oh sir he says oh sir he says oh sir send your daughter in a saree, oh the boy send your daughter in a saree, oh the boy send your daughter in a saree, oh the boy 's mother gets agitated.  Hey, how can you send me like this 's mother gets agitated.  Hey, how can you send me like this 's mother gets agitated.  Hey, how can you send me like this in a saree?  Is etiquette even a thing in a saree?  Is etiquette even a thing in a saree?  Is etiquette even a thing ?  No, if we are not asking then what does it ?  No, if we are not asking then what does it ?  No, if we are not asking then what does it mean?  You will not give.  Etiquette is also a thing. mean?  You will not give.  Etiquette is also a thing. mean?  You will not give.  Etiquette is also a thing. [laughter] Oh my goodness, people are good.   He just [laughter] Oh my goodness, people are good.   He just [laughter] Oh my goodness, people are good.   He just laughed at my joke.  Hey, laughed at my joke.  Hey, laughed at my joke.  Hey, you like everyone.  [laughter] I you like everyone.  [laughter] I you like everyone.  [laughter] I liked your brother too, he took liked your brother too, he took liked your brother too, he took your money and ran away. your money and ran away. your money and ran away. And if you have the habit of laughing at jokes, if you like it then do And if you have the habit of laughing at jokes, if you like it then do And if you have the habit of laughing at jokes, if you like it then do stand up and earn some stand up and earn some stand up and earn some money.  So from that day onwards Mahip money.  So from that day onwards Mahip money.  So from that day onwards Mahip Singh ji is a comedian. Singh ji is a comedian. Singh ji is a comedian. I love May Singh ji. No friend, what I am saying is that it does not matter to me No friend, what I am saying is that it does not matter to me No friend, what I am saying is that it does not matter to me when a girl says I am a when a girl says I am a when a girl says I am a feminist or a socialist or a capitalist or a feminist or a socialist or a capitalist or a feminist or a socialist or a capitalist or a cyclist.  [laughs] cyclist.  [laughs] cyclist.  [laughs] Because one thing I know Because one thing I know Because one thing I know about girls is that girls don't believe in anything. about girls is that girls don't believe in anything. about girls is that girls don't believe in anything. Dude, girls are nothing. Dude, girls are nothing. Dude, girls are nothing. Girls are only what Girls are only what Girls are only what they benefit from being.  And I am they benefit from being.  And I am they benefit from being.  And I am not saying this with any negative emotions.  I not saying this with any negative emotions.  I not saying this with any negative emotions.  I admire that they are true admire that they are true admire that they are true survivors.  She only says things that are survivors.  She only says things that are survivors.  She only says things that are beneficial for her.  If there is any beneficial for her.  If there is any beneficial for her.  If there is any benefit in speaking feminist in public then one becomes a feminist.  There is a benefit in speaking feminist in public then one becomes a feminist.  There is a benefit in speaking feminist in public then one becomes a feminist.  There is a benefit in being Papa's angel at home, so I became benefit in being Papa's angel at home, so I became benefit in being Papa's angel at home, so I became Papa's angel.  There are Papa's angel.  There are Papa's angel.  There are advantages to being a traditional woman on a date.  For whom you advantages to being a traditional woman on a date.  For whom you advantages to being a traditional woman on a date.  For whom you move the chair, pay the bill, drop it at home, then move the chair, pay the bill, drop it at home, then move the chair, pay the bill, drop it at home, then there you become a traditional woman.  The girl who is there you become a traditional woman.  The girl who is there you become a traditional woman.  The girl who is saying in the office that cooking is not a woman's saying in the office that cooking is not a woman's saying in the office that cooking is not a woman's job.  She goes home and asks, “Mom, job.  She goes home and asks, “Mom, job.  She goes home and asks, “Mom, what is cooked for dinner?”  [Laughter] Then these feminist daughters do not remember Then these feminist daughters do not remember Then these feminist daughters do not remember that their mothers are also women.  [laughter] Because if the mother becomes a feminist then there is a ghat in Because if the mother becomes a feminist then there is a ghat in Because if the mother becomes a feminist then there is a ghat in it. it. it. Mummy, what is there in the song, daughter, today we are talking about equality. Mummy, what is there in the song, daughter, today we are talking about equality. Mummy, what is there in the song, daughter, today we are talking about equality. Girls change according to the situation.  It is the opposite in men.  There is Girls change according to the situation.  It is the opposite in men.  There is Girls change according to the situation.  It is the opposite in men.  There is praise among men that look he is dead but he is still useful. praise among men that look he is dead but he is still useful. praise among men that look he is dead but he is still useful. Men are being fools [laughter] It is not about who is better, which words not about who is better, which words not about who is better, which words mean these are different perspectives, friend there mean these are different perspectives, friend there mean these are different perspectives, friend there is no absolute truth as to who [laughter] is is no absolute truth as to who [laughter] is is no absolute truth as to who [laughter] is more [sound of clearing throat] and it is not the fault of women, friend you and it is not the fault of women, friend you and it is not the fault of women, friend you think from the POV of women that women think from the POV of women that women think from the POV of women that women evolved with such partners who are physically evolved with such partners who are physically evolved with such partners who are physically very strong, men used to take very strong, men used to take very strong, men used to take decisions and do grouping on the basis of strength. decisions and do grouping on the basis of strength. decisions and do grouping on the basis of strength. Everything was Everything was Everything was run accordingly.  So how do women navigate such a world run accordingly.  So how do women navigate such a world run accordingly.  So how do women navigate such a world ?  How will you get your point across ?  How will you get your point across ?  How will you get your point across ?  So the girls and women ?  So the girls and women ?  So the girls and women used their brains.  His manipulation used their brains.  His manipulation used their brains.  His manipulation intensified.  [Laughter] Women, if they wanted to take revenge on a man, would go and Women, if they wanted to take revenge on a man, would go and Women, if they wanted to take revenge on a man, would go and fight with him.  No, she would go to fight with him.  No, she would go to fight with him.  No, she would go to his enemy and whisper in his ear his enemy and whisper in his ear his enemy and whisper in his ear , do you know what he was saying about you? , do you know what he was saying about you? , do you know what he was saying about you? What was he saying?  He was saying that What was he saying?  He was saying that What was he saying?  He was saying that yours is small. yours is small. yours is small. How does he know [laughs] and he sits down and says that How does he know [laughs] and he sits down and says that man is physically superior, logistically man is physically superior, logistically man is physically superior, logistically superior, women are psychologically the father superior, women are psychologically the father superior, women are psychologically the father of man, of man, of man, when I was saying in the beginning that girls do when I was saying in the beginning that girls do when I was saying in the beginning that girls do not abuse themselves, they bear the abuses of men, not abuse themselves, they bear the abuses of men, not abuse themselves, they bear the abuses of men, brother, that is because girls brother, that is because girls brother, that is because girls know that abuses do not make any difference to anyone, know that abuses do not make any difference to anyone, know that abuses do not make any difference to anyone, abuses are infective, abuses are infective, abuses are infective, you called someone a [ __ ], sisterfucker, does it make any you called someone a [ __ ], sisterfucker, does it make any you called someone a [ __ ], sisterfucker, does it make any difference, regardless of who he is difference, regardless of who he is difference, regardless of who he is [laughs], [laughs], [laughs], that is why girls do not use abuses much. that is why girls do not use abuses much. that is why girls do not use abuses much. Girls insult.  Girls Girls insult.  Girls Girls insult.  Girls cause such deep wounds by insulting us. cause such deep wounds by insulting us. cause such deep wounds by insulting us. You might be wondering how I You might be wondering how I You might be wondering how I know know know about the techniques of insulting girls?  [laughs] Because I released a video Because I released a video Because I released a video last year.  [laughter] So he ran away. So he ran away. So he ran away. Girls, brothers, leave everything aside and Girls, brothers, leave everything aside and Girls, brothers, leave everything aside and come to insult.  Are you making fun of women come to insult.  Are you making fun of women come to insult.  Are you making fun of women ?  He himself is so dark. ?  He himself is so dark. ?  He himself is so dark. Girls abandon logic when it comes to insulting.  If Girls abandon logic when it comes to insulting.  If Girls abandon logic when it comes to insulting.  If a man says to another man that he does a man says to another man that he does a man says to another man that he does n't like your shirt, then which one of yours does he n't like your shirt, then which one of yours does he n't like your shirt, then which one of yours does he like?  On the same plane.  [laughter] like?  On the same plane.  [laughter] like?  On the same plane.  [laughter] Tell a woman it's not your saree. Tell a woman it's not your saree. Tell a woman it's not your saree. Well, my saree is not looking good and Well, my saree is not looking good and Well, my saree is not looking good and your father who ran away leaving your mother. your father who ran away leaving your mother. You used to watch your aunt taking bath. You used to watch your aunt taking bath. You used to watch your aunt taking bath. [laughs] All the [laughs] All the [laughs] All the secrets that you must have shared secrets that you must have shared secrets that you must have shared in those venerable moments [laughs] will in those venerable moments [laughs] will in those venerable moments [laughs] will come come come towards you like Brahmastras. towards you like Brahmastras. towards you like Brahmastras. I am telling you that this is such a big scam I am telling you that this is such a big scam I am telling you that this is such a big scam of women that the man should be expressive.  The of women that the man should be expressive.  The of women that the man should be expressive.  The man should share.  She is pointing out man should share.  She is pointing out man should share.  She is pointing out your weak points. your weak points. your weak points. [laughs] I'll [laughs] I'll [laughs] I'll use them when the time comes.  The man is use them when the time comes.  The man is use them when the time comes.  The man is sharing like a fool.  I never got along sharing like a fool.  I never got along sharing like a fool.  I never got along with my mother. with my mother. with my mother. So [laughs] at that time she will say, oh how come it didn't turn out like this So [laughs] at that time she will say, oh how come it didn't turn out like this So [laughs] at that time she will say, oh how come it didn't turn out like this ?  You are such a good person. ?  You are such a good person. ?  You are such a good person. How come you didn't get along with your mother? How come you didn't get along with your mother? How come you didn't get along with your mother? And the boy will also say, yes I am a good person. And the boy will also say, yes I am a good person. And the boy will also say, yes I am a good person. Then one day he will say to my prisoner, Then one day he will say to my prisoner, Then one day he will say to my prisoner, darling, is it necessary to order this daily from MNTRa darling, is it necessary to order this daily from MNTRa darling, is it necessary to order this daily from MNTRa ?  You find faults in everyone. ?  You find faults in everyone. ?  You find faults in everyone. Well, the man who doesn't get along with his own mother. Well, the man who doesn't get along with his own mother. What will he get from a [ __ ] like me? What will he get from a [ __ ] like me? What will he get from a [ __ ] like me? And why does a human being die of a heart attack And why does a human being die of a heart attack And why does a human being die of a heart attack ? Man is an expert in injuring the body. Man is an expert in injuring the body. Man is an expert in injuring the body. Women kill the soul.  [laughter] Women kill the soul.  [laughter] Women kill the soul.  [laughter] And the problem is that if the wounds of the soul are And the problem is that if the wounds of the soul are And the problem is that if the wounds of the soul are not visible then the person loses in the court. not visible then the person loses in the court. not visible then the person loses in the court. Girls [Compliment] Girls show off their swollen cheeks. Girls show off their swollen cheeks. Girls show off their swollen cheeks. Judge sir, he slapped me, Judge sir, he slapped me, Judge sir, he slapped me, put him in jail.  But Judge Sahib, she put him in jail.  But Judge Sahib, she put him in jail.  But Judge Sahib, she laughed at me first.  [laughs] So the judge also made me laugh, oh, laughed at me first.  [laughs] So the judge also made me laugh, oh, laughed at me first.  [laughs] So the judge also made me laugh, oh, when did you start laughing, judge saheb, when did I when did you start laughing, judge saheb, when did I when did you start laughing, judge saheb, when did I take off my pat, then he laughed ok [laughs] friend, firstly I do not understand friend, friend, for friend, firstly I do not understand friend, friend, for friend, firstly I do not understand friend, friend, for how long will these people keep talking about dark how long will these people keep talking about dark how long will these people keep talking about dark [laughs] whoever you [laughs] whoever you [laughs] whoever you call dark, they go away, one call dark, they go away, one call dark, they go away, one boy messaged me on Instagram boy messaged me on Instagram boy messaged me on Instagram yesterday, Kalue [laughs] yesterday, Kalue [laughs] yesterday, Kalue [laughs] just one word, there was only so much time, he just one word, there was only so much time, he just one word, there was only so much time, he said Kalue and went away, this is a color notifier said Kalue and went away, this is a color notifier said Kalue and went away, this is a color notifier [laughs] I had come to [laughs] I had come to [laughs] I had come to tell you the color, no, in real life also people say it, friend, no, in real life also people say it, friend, no, in real life also people say it, friend, a few days ago I went to get my hair cut, the barber a few days ago I went to get my hair cut, the barber a few days ago I went to get my hair cut, the barber said, sir, get it done for said, sir, get it done for said, sir, get it done for 10 days [laughs] 10 days [laughs] 10 days [laughs] I said this to good people, and I said this to good people, and I said this to good people, and said what else sir, I said apply more, okay, what else should I said what else sir, I said apply more, okay, what else should I said what else sir, I said apply more, okay, what else should I apply sir?  I said Sir, get D10 done apply sir?  I said Sir, get D10 done apply sir?  I said Sir, get D10 done and you will look good. and you will look good. and you will look good. That's what I'm saying, man and woman are That's what I'm saying, man and woman are That's what I'm saying, man and woman are psychologically distinct creatures.  So psychologically distinct creatures.  So psychologically distinct creatures.  So now that women are becoming free, they have now that women are becoming free, they have now that women are becoming free, they have no need to imitate men. no need to imitate men. no need to imitate men. Dude, according to you, like be a woman, like be Dude, according to you, like be a woman, like be Dude, according to you, like be a woman, like be a glorified woman.  Like you keep a monkey a glorified woman.  Like you keep a monkey a glorified woman.  Like you keep a monkey in a cage.  Keep it in a cage for years in a cage.  Keep it in a cage for years in a cage.  Keep it in a cage for years and then free it from the cage, it will and then free it from the cage, it will and then free it from the cage, it will still remain a monkey.  [laughter] It wo still remain a monkey.  [laughter] It wo still remain a monkey.  [laughter] It wo n't turn into fish.  So why are women n't turn into fish.  So why are women n't turn into fish.  So why are women trying to become men?  I think trying to become men?  I think trying to become men?  I think women subconsciously consider men as their role models. women subconsciously consider men as their role models. women subconsciously consider men as their role models. Which is not their fault.  He is so cool just being a man. Which is not their fault.  He is so cool just being a man. No, you try it and see.  You No, you try it and see.  You No, you try it and see.  You will call a man, you will call him feminine, some man will take will call a man, you will call him feminine, some man will take will call a man, you will call him feminine, some man will take offense.  But if you call a woman offense.  But if you call a woman offense.  But if you call a woman masculine, she masculine, she masculine, she takes it as a compliment, saying, "I used to be a tomboy in takes it as a compliment, saying, "I used to be a tomboy in takes it as a compliment, saying, "I used to be a tomboy in college."  [laughs] I used to wear jeans. college."  [laughs] I used to wear jeans. college."  [laughs] I used to wear jeans. I used to wear a short kurta, my I used to wear a short kurta, my I used to wear a short kurta, my hair was short and my boyfriend was gay. No friend, have confidence in yourself. No friend, have confidence in yourself. No friend, have confidence in yourself. Like nowadays the topic of motherhood is much debated. Like nowadays the topic of motherhood is much debated. Like nowadays the topic of motherhood is much debated. Girls say that a woman's job is Girls say that a woman's job is Girls say that a woman's job is not just to give birth to children.  Which I not just to give birth to children.  Which I not just to give birth to children.  Which I agree with is that obviously women can give birth to children, but it does agree with is that obviously women can give birth to children, but it does agree with is that obviously women can give birth to children, but it does not mean that it is not mean that it is not mean that it is necessary to give birth.  But it is not that you necessary to give birth.  But it is not that you necessary to give birth.  But it is not that you call having a child a stupid thing. call having a child a stupid thing. call having a child a stupid thing. No friend, it doesn't work idiot.  How do you No friend, it doesn't work idiot.  How do you No friend, it doesn't work idiot.  How do you know?  How do you know when you haven't even done it know?  How do you know when you haven't even done it know?  How do you know when you haven't even done it ?  In such a situation, people also say that ?  In such a situation, people also say that ?  In such a situation, people also say that doing cocaine is wrong.  [laughter] doing cocaine is wrong.  [laughter] doing cocaine is wrong.  [laughter] But ask the person who's doing it.   He But ask the person who's doing it.   He But ask the person who's doing it.   He says, friend, I don't even realize the time. says, friend, I don't even realize the time. says, friend, I don't even realize the time. [Laughter] If [Laughter] If [Laughter] If you ask any mother like this, she will say that she did you ask any mother like this, she will say that she did you ask any mother like this, she will say that she did not understand life.  Who knows brother, this might be an not understand life.  Who knows brother, this might be an not understand life.  Who knows brother, this might be an amazing experience. amazing experience. amazing experience. No friend, I mean it is not a stupid thing.   I No friend, I mean it is not a stupid thing.   I No friend, I mean it is not a stupid thing.   I mean, technically I think the mean, technically I think the mean, technically I think the work profile is more amazing than Mother, man. work profile is more amazing than Mother, man. work profile is more amazing than Mother, man. Not in civilization.  Because today Not in civilization.  Because today Not in civilization.  Because today all women should leave their corporate jobs.   It doesn't matter to all women should leave their corporate jobs.   It doesn't matter to all women should leave their corporate jobs.   It doesn't matter to anyone. anyone. anyone. Everything is dispensable. Everything is dispensable. Everything is dispensable. But today all the women come together and say that they should But today all the women come together and say that they should But today all the women come together and say that they should not give birth to children. not give birth to children. not give birth to children. Humanity will become extinct within 100 years. Which job Humanity will become extinct within 100 years. Which job Humanity will become extinct within 100 years. Which job is important? is important? is important? [Applause] If an alien comes to Earth right now, what would it be an alien comes to Earth right now, what would it be an alien comes to Earth right now, what would it be cool to tell about a woman, that she can cool to tell about a woman, that she can cool to tell about a woman, that she can create a real human or she can change the color in the PPT create a real human or she can change the color in the PPT You are introducing Usain Bolt to the alien, and You are introducing Usain Bolt to the alien, and You are introducing Usain Bolt to the alien, and he will say, who is this, sir, this is the he will say, who is this, sir, this is the he will say, who is this, sir, this is the fastest human being in our world, he fastest human being in our world, he fastest human being in our world, he runs 100 meters in 9 seconds.  So the alien is runs 100 meters in 9 seconds.  So the alien is runs 100 meters in 9 seconds.  So the alien is also saying that brother, it means with this gravity, also saying that brother, it means with this gravity, also saying that brother, it means with this gravity, 100 meters in 9 seconds on two legs, 100 meters in 9 seconds on two legs, 100 meters in 9 seconds on two legs, [ __ ] extraordinary, Usain Bolt, [ __ ] extraordinary, Usain Bolt, [ __ ] extraordinary, Usain Bolt, [ __ ] extraordinary, [ __ ] extraordinary, [ __ ] extraordinary, a woman is standing next to him.  The alien says, and a woman is standing next to him.  The alien says, and a woman is standing next to him.  The alien says, and what it does, sir, is that it creates Usain Bolt. what it does, sir, is that it creates Usain Bolt. what it does, sir, is that it creates Usain Bolt. Does that sound cool?  You are Does that sound cool?  You are Does that sound cool?  You are introducing the alien to Jack Bezos, sir, he will say what has he introducing the alien to Jack Bezos, sir, he will say what has he introducing the alien to Jack Bezos, sir, he will say what has he done, sir, he is the done, sir, he is the done, sir, he is the courier champ of our world, courier champ of our world, courier champ of our world, in the last 20-25 years, all the goods that have been delivered, all the in the last 20-25 years, all the goods that have been delivered, all the in the last 20-25 years, all the goods that have been delivered, all the boxes that have been delivered, all the boxes that have been delivered, all the boxes that have been delivered, all the packages that have been delivered, are because of this Jeff Force, packages that have been delivered, are because of this Jeff Force, packages that have been delivered, are because of this Jeff Force, Jeff Bezos's mother is standing next to him, Jeff Bezos's mother is standing next to him, Jeff Bezos's mother is standing next to him, what has he done, sir, what has he done, sir, what has he done, sir, he has delivered Jess [laughter], it will sound he has delivered Jess [laughter], it will sound he has delivered Jess [laughter], it will sound cool, you are introducing the alien to Elon Musk, the cool, you are introducing the alien to Elon Musk, the cool, you are introducing the alien to Elon Musk, the alien will say I will keep doing alien will say I will keep doing alien will say I will keep doing this all night [laughter] what this all night [laughter] what this all night [laughter] what [applause] [ [applause] [ [applause] [ encouraging voice] no, I am not saying at all that it is no, I am not saying at all that it is necessary for anyone to have a child, women you are all, but friend, be necessary for anyone to have a child, women you are all, but friend, be necessary for anyone to have a child, women you are all, but friend, be proud of her, what do you mean, she has super proud of her, what do you mean, she has super proud of her, what do you mean, she has super human quality that she gave birth to a child.  One should be human quality that she gave birth to a child.  One should be human quality that she gave birth to a child.  One should be proud of one's qualities. proud of one's qualities. proud of one's qualities. Look man, man is proud of his fool. Look man, man is proud of his fool. Look man, man is proud of his fool. Guys get it written on their T-shirts, brother, instant Guys get it written on their T-shirts, brother, instant Guys get it written on their T-shirts, brother, instant idiot, just add alcohol. idiot, just add alcohol. idiot, just add alcohol. I think girls should also get it written. I think girls should also get it written. I think girls should also get it written. Instant Kid [laughs] Instant Kid [laughs] Instant Kid [laughs] Just at Seaman. Just at Seaman. Just at Seaman. Also nine months and some child support. Also nine months and some child support. Also nine months and some child support. Somebody please marry me.  [laughter] Somebody please marry me.  [laughter] Somebody please marry me.  [laughter] I want to be with a man.  Feminism, I want to be with a man.  Feminism, I want to be with a man.  Feminism, motherhood, and then this area will come motherhood, and then this area will come motherhood, and then this area will come this is the solution. I think we should chill, man.   Be it a I think we should chill, man.   Be it a I think we should chill, man.   Be it a man or a woman, everyone should chill. man or a woman, everyone should chill. man or a woman, everyone should chill. What is there in politics?  Men like What is there in politics?  Men like What is there in politics?  Men like women and women like rich men.  [laughs] But I think girls these days are becoming conservative because But I think girls these days are becoming conservative because But I think girls these days are becoming conservative because of politics. of politics. of politics. And it is becoming a root.  Okay, it's their choice And it is becoming a root.  Okay, it's their choice And it is becoming a root.  Okay, it's their choice brother.  But she expects the same thing from the man brother.  But she expects the same thing from the man brother.  But she expects the same thing from the man that she has always expected.  Traditionally, that she has always expected.  Traditionally, that she has always expected.  Traditionally, furniture mover, luggage lifter, furniture mover, luggage lifter, furniture mover, luggage lifter, bulb changer, lizard shooer from bathroom bulb changer, lizard shooer from bathroom bulb changer, lizard shooer from bathroom , porter during travelling. , porter during travelling. , porter during travelling. Only women have these facilities in the society that they Only women have these facilities in the society that they Only women have these facilities in the society that they can travel with so much luggage that they can travel with so much luggage that they can travel with so much luggage that they cannot lift it.  [laughs] Even if you're cannot lift it.  [laughs] Even if you're cannot lift it.  [laughs] Even if you're single.  She will catch hold of any random single.  She will catch hold of any random single.  She will catch hold of any random man and tell him, brother, I will take this off. man and tell him, brother, I will take this off. man and tell him, brother, I will take this off. I will take it off, brother, if he takes it off, brother is born I will take it off, brother, if he takes it off, brother is born I will take it off, brother, if he takes it off, brother is born to take it off. to take it off. to take it off. [Praise] If you see a man see a man see a man with a lot of luggage, you will have to with a lot of luggage, you will have to with a lot of luggage, you will have to think about it before leaving the house. Everywhere men are carrying the burden, man.  That's why Everywhere men are carrying the burden, man.  That's why Everywhere men are carrying the burden, man.  That's why men don't go on trips with their wives. men don't go on trips with their wives. men don't go on trips with their wives. Because they know that the woman goes out for a walk.   The Because they know that the woman goes out for a walk.   The man goes on a mission.  [laughter] man goes on a mission.  [laughter] man goes on a mission.  [laughter] Think about protection.  Run around everywhere and make Think about protection.  Run around everywhere and make Think about protection.  Run around everywhere and make deals.  Bring the running gear. deals.  Bring the running gear. deals.  Bring the running gear. Then unload the luggage, load it, load it, Then unload the luggage, load it, load it, Then unload the luggage, load it, load it, unload it.  Then if you get free from all that, then unload it.  Then if you get free from all that, then unload it.  Then if you get free from all that, then photograph it.  [Laughter] photograph it.  [Laughter] Girls carry three TV memory cards in their mobile phones and then Girls carry three TV memory cards in their mobile phones and then Girls carry three TV memory cards in their mobile phones and then hand it over to their boyfriends, saying, " hand it over to their boyfriends, saying, " hand it over to their boyfriends, saying, " Do one thing, keep clicking."  [laughs] I'll Do one thing, keep clicking."  [laughs] I'll Do one thing, keep clicking."  [laughs] I'll take a photo first, then I'll review it. take a photo first, then I'll review it. take a photo first, then I'll review it. Where is this?  It was good.  In this I look exactly the way Where is this?  It was good.  In this I look exactly the way Where is this?  It was good.  In this I look exactly the way I am.  [laughter] I am.  [laughter] I am.  [laughter] Friend, it's not like that, the guy doesn't do anything.  You Friend, it's not like that, the guy doesn't do anything.  You Friend, it's not like that, the guy doesn't do anything.  You see any couple going, going to any wedding see any couple going, going to any wedding see any couple going, going to any wedding function, any party, function, any party, function, any party, see any couple, the women see any couple, the women see any couple, the women get down from the car at the entrance.  She walks inside on the get down from the car at the entrance.  She walks inside on the get down from the car at the entrance.  She walks inside on the red carpet flaunting her dress like a celebrity.  The red carpet flaunting her dress like a celebrity.  The red carpet flaunting her dress like a celebrity.  The man is man is man is alone looking for parking in the field. alone looking for parking in the field. alone looking for parking in the field. [Laughter] After taking two rounds of the entire parking lot and taking two rounds of the entire parking lot and taking two rounds of the entire parking lot and fighting with people, he somehow fighting with people, he somehow fighting with people, he somehow parks the car and walks one and a half kilometer to parks the car and walks one and a half kilometer to parks the car and walks one and a half kilometer to reach inside, kicking up dust.  Where his reach inside, kicking up dust.  Where his reach inside, kicking up dust.  Where his wife says, hey, what did you lose? wife says, hey, what did you lose? wife says, hey, what did you lose? [laughs] I was [laughs] I was [laughs] I was looking for equality, darling. Madam, there were just these kinds of jokes in the previous video Madam, there were just these kinds of jokes in the previous video Madam, there were just these kinds of jokes in the previous video [laughs].   A [laughs].   A [laughs].   A lot of uproar was created over this.  That's what I lot of uproar was created over this.  That's what I lot of uproar was created over this.  That's what I feel in comedy, friend, let comedy chill, feel in comedy, friend, let comedy chill, feel in comedy, friend, let comedy chill, learn to enjoy learn to enjoy learn to enjoy comedy a little, life is already very boring, friend, comedy a little, life is already very boring, friend, comedy a little, life is already very boring, friend, existence is a dying business, existence is a dying business, existence is a dying business, life is hard, life is hard even on the day when life is hard, life is hard even on the day when life is hard, life is hard even on the day when nothing bad happens, everything in the office was nothing bad happens, everything in the office was nothing bad happens, everything in the office was done on time, the taxi also came early, there was done on time, the taxi also came early, there was done on time, the taxi also came early, there was no traffic on the way, even after reaching home, my no traffic on the way, even after reaching home, my no traffic on the way, even after reaching home, my wife did not say that you came so early today wife did not say that you came so early today wife did not say that you came so early today [laughs]. Everyday I come late, then [laughs]. Everyday I come late, then [laughs]. Everyday I come late, then how come you came early today, everyone is deliberately late every day, it happened how come you came early today, everyone is deliberately late every day, it happened how come you came early today, everyone is deliberately late every day, it happened in RiteC in RiteC in RiteC [laughs]. On the day when nothing like this happened [laughter] day when nothing like this happened [laughter] day when nothing like this happened [laughter] even on that day, friend, it remains in the mind that what the even on that day, friend, it remains in the mind that what the even on that day, friend, it remains in the mind that what the hell is going on in life and I am hell is going on in life and I am hell is going on in life and I am saying this for both men and women, as long as a saying this for both men and women, as long as a saying this for both men and women, as long as a person is alive, life remains person is alive, life remains person is alive, life remains heavy on him, he remains torn in sorrow, he remains heavy on him, he remains torn in sorrow, he remains heavy on him, he remains torn in sorrow, he remains worried even in happiness, friend, if this does worried even in happiness, friend, if this does worried even in happiness, friend, if this does not go away, there is no attitude, no not go away, there is no attitude, no not go away, there is no attitude, no respect in life, you are respect in life, you are respect in life, you are going for an interview, you cannot find a taxi, may going for an interview, you cannot find a taxi, may going for an interview, you cannot find a taxi, may God give you a taxi, God please give me a God give you a taxi, God please give me a God give you a taxi, God please give me a taxi, it does not feel like someone from above  Seeing this he is taxi, it does not feel like someone from above  Seeing this he is taxi, it does not feel like someone from above  Seeing this he is laughing and saying, let me get him a laughing and saying, let me get him a laughing and saying, let me get him a taxi.  Oh thank taxi.  Oh thank taxi.  Oh thank you God thank you now but now I will you God thank you now but now I will you God thank you now but now I will increase the traffic.  [laughs] The thing for which you think that if I don't get it, I won't be able to thing for which you think that if I don't get it, I won't be able to thing for which you think that if I don't get it, I won't be able to live, you don't get it in life live, you don't get it in life live, you don't get it in life and yet you are still living.  Life seems to make fun of us at every step. and yet you are still living.  Life seems to make fun of us at every step. Comedy is the only place where we make Comedy is the only place where we make Comedy is the only place where we make fun of life. fun of life. fun of life. [Praise] I cracked a joke on you, on your sorrows, on cracked a joke on you, on your sorrows, on cracked a joke on you, on your sorrows, on your happiness, so there is no need to clip the wings of comedy, friend. Raise your happiness, so there is no need to clip the wings of comedy, friend. Raise your happiness, so there is no need to clip the wings of comedy, friend. Raise your sky high, I do your sky high, I do your sky high, I do n't know what people are n't know what people are n't know what people are calling you. calling you. calling you. Comedian friend, comedian, you said such a thing that Comedian friend, comedian, you said such a thing that Comedian friend, comedian, you said such a thing that brother, you compared women to dogs, brother, you compared women to dogs, brother, you compared women to dogs, brother, do you think you did the right thing, brother, do you think you did the right thing, brother, do you think you did the right thing, brother, I am telling you in a joke, brother, I am telling you in a joke, brother, I am telling you in a joke, this is a new fashion in jokes.   The this is a new fashion in jokes.   The this is a new fashion in jokes.   The boys have started taking offense, friend.  Nowadays boys have boys have started taking offense, friend.  Nowadays boys have boys have started taking offense, friend.  Nowadays boys have started taking offense.  A boy was found started taking offense.  A boy was found started taking offense.  A boy was found on YouTube with such letters.  Hey, you are doing stand up, do on YouTube with such letters.  Hey, you are doing stand up, do on YouTube with such letters.  Hey, you are doing stand up, do n't you feel ashamed of n't you feel ashamed of n't you feel ashamed of talking about women like this?  You did talking about women like this?  You did talking about women like this?  You did not study history and just came here to do stand up. not study history and just came here to do stand up. not study history and just came here to do stand up. You have not read yet how much You have not read yet how much You have not read yet how much harassment has happened and what all has had to be endured harassment has happened and what all has had to be endured harassment has happened and what all has had to be endured and you are saying anything in such stand up. and you are saying anything in such stand up. and you are saying anything in such stand up. You blocked him You blocked him You blocked him on YouTube obviously.  So he on YouTube obviously.  So he on YouTube obviously.  So he came on Instagram.  He is replying below the girls who are making negative comments. came on Instagram.  He is replying below the girls who are making negative comments. came on Instagram.  He is replying below the girls who are making negative comments. I totally I totally I totally agree with even I am ashamed of being a man because he is a agree with even I am ashamed of being a man because he is a agree with even I am ashamed of being a man because he is a man.  I am a man.  Even I man.  I am a man.  Even I man.  I am a man.  Even I hated my father because he was a man.  So hated my father because he was a man.  So hated my father because he was a man.  So I DMed him.  I said, tell me I DMed him.  I said, tell me I DMed him.  I said, tell me what is your problem?  Said brother, I am a virgin. what is your problem?  Said brother, I am a virgin. what is your problem?  Said brother, I am a virgin. I said give it to you, man.  [laughter] I said give it to you, man.  [laughter] I said give it to you, man.  [laughter] Someone's house is settled. But it is not so. But it is not so. But it is not so. I learned from the whole thing, man.  I am I learned from the whole thing, man.  I am I learned from the whole thing, man.  I am especially talking about those girls especially talking about those girls especially talking about those girls who abused who abused who abused me a lot and in amazing ways.  He abused me, me a lot and in amazing ways.  He abused me, me a lot and in amazing ways.  He abused me, abused my family members, abused my work. abused my family members, abused my work. abused my family members, abused my work. So for those girls I So for those girls I So for those girls I want to say that friend, I have been influenced by your words and have want to say that friend, I have been influenced by your words and have want to say that friend, I have been influenced by your words and have brought about a change in brought about a change in brought about a change in myself.  Now I also myself.  Now I also myself.  Now I also try to be gender neutral.  I try to be inclusive, that is, I try to try to be gender neutral.  I try to be inclusive, that is, I try to include females in my conversations.  Even now I include females in my conversations.  Even now I include females in my conversations.  Even now I correct the person in front of me. correct the person in front of me. correct the person in front of me. Like just a few days ago I was Like just a few days ago I was Like just a few days ago I was talking to my friend and he has a habit of talking to my friend and he has a habit of talking to my friend and he has a habit of talking in proverbs, so on some talking in proverbs, so on some talking in proverbs, so on some random topic he was saying that look friend, it is a simple random topic he was saying that look friend, it is a simple random topic he was saying that look friend, it is a simple matter.  The elephant walks and the dogs bark. matter.  The elephant walks and the dogs bark. matter.  The elephant walks and the dogs bark. I said don't say that, [ __ ] also bark. I said don't say that, [ __ ] also bark. I said don't say that, [ __ ] also bark. Grandfather, how do you know?  I said because Grandfather, how do you know?  I said because Grandfather, how do you know?  I said because I released a video, man. I released a video, man. I released a video, man. Thank you guys.  Thank you so much. Thank you guys.  Thank you so much. Thank you guys.  Thank you so much. Thank you for coming