Normal like Normal like Normal like happy birthday [screaming sound] The cake has melted and there will be havoc here cake has melted and there will be havoc here brother, I am still looking like that girl of theirs who brother, I am still looking like that girl of theirs who brother, I am still looking like that girl of theirs who looks older than these parents, looks older than these parents, looks older than these parents, okay guys, right okay guys, right okay guys, right now there is a little photo session going on of these now there is a little photo session going on of these now there is a little photo session going on of these boys, no matter boys, no matter boys, no matter how much you cut the school girl, brother, she is how much you cut the school girl, brother, she is how much you cut the school girl, brother, she is taking it very well. taking it very well. taking it very well. Look at his face [Music] This is my brother, what birthday is this?  This is my third brother, what birthday is this?  This is my third brother, what birthday is this?  This is my third flight to Goa.  Why is God flight to Goa.  Why is God flight to Goa.  Why is God not letting me come to Goa?  In this condition I am at the not letting me come to Goa?  In this condition I am at the not letting me come to Goa?  In this condition I am at the airport. Are you guys?  And hopefully I won't miss this airport. Are you guys?  And hopefully I won't miss this airport. Are you guys?  And hopefully I won't miss this flight because it got flight because it got flight because it got cut off, I was excited for Goa, but what is this, itni cut off, I was excited for Goa, but what is this, itni cut off, I was excited for Goa, but what is this, itni ghasdi hai Goa jaane mein, this is ghasdi hai Goa jaane mein, this is ghasdi hai Goa jaane mein, this is the first time I am training to Goa, this is the the first time I am training to Goa, this is the the first time I am training to Goa, this is the third time what happened brother? Happy Birthday Happy Birthday Happy Birthday Happy Birthday Happy Birthday Yes brother, I was watching him Yes brother, I was watching him Yes brother, I was watching him walking around looking cool brother, what is this walking around looking cool brother, what is this walking around looking cool brother, what is this camera camera camera DG cam DG cam DG cam brother, I got lost brother, how is it?  Crazy woman, where are you brother? brother, how is it?  Crazy woman, where are you brother? brother, how is it?  Crazy woman, where are you brother? Where from? Where from? Where from? Brother, this was very good. Brother, this was very good. Brother, this was very good. You have You have You have n't seen the house, that's all I've seen so far.   Do n't seen the house, that's all I've seen so far.   Do n't seen the house, that's all I've seen so far.   Do n't you know n't you know n't you know where it is?  No, no one knows. where it is?  No, no one knows. where it is?  No, no one knows. No, are you doing something? No, are you doing something? No, are you doing something? Who picked it up?  I was asking when is she Who picked it up?  I was asking when is she Who picked it up?  I was asking when is she coming.   Are you coming.   Are you coming.   Are you doing something? doing something? doing something? How did you become tall? How did you become tall? How did you become tall? Brother, now the first thought that came to my mind was anger. Brother, now the first thought that came to my mind was anger. Brother, now the first thought that came to my mind was anger. I will quickly take a bath and come back because I will quickly take a bath and come back because I will quickly take a bath and come back because I have to create a lot of content brother.   After taking I have to create a lot of content brother.   After taking I have to create a lot of content brother.   After taking rest, rest, rest, hey, go to hell with rest.  Time toh main bahut aise hoti rahi baar phir hey, go to hell with rest.  Time toh main bahut aise hoti rahi baar phir hey, go to hell with rest.  Time toh main bahut aise hoti rahi baar phir maine pata hai, I maine pata hai, I maine pata hai, I played that song in the car, love it all played that song in the car, love it all played that song in the car, love it all [singing voice] You Zindagi, this is what you have taken, you have taken, you have taken, how beautiful it is brother, and how dirty the room has been, he has taken such a how beautiful it is brother, and how dirty the room has been, he has taken such a how beautiful it is brother, and how dirty the room has been, he has taken such a beautiful room, beautiful room, beautiful room, what else do you expect, look at this, look what else do you expect, look at this, look here, you have here, you have here, you have taken the one with balcony, you are the birthday boy, taken the one with balcony, you are the birthday boy, taken the one with balcony, you are the birthday boy, what a big one, I am taking this, run away and what a big one, I am taking this, run away and what a big one, I am taking this, run away and show it to me [laughs] show it to me [laughs] show it to me [laughs] brother, this is not matching, brother, this is not matching, brother, this is not matching, today I will match the outfit with that only.   Mischievous mischievously, today I will match the outfit with that only.   Mischievous mischievously, I am ducking from below, which is not even coming on the I am ducking from below, which is not even coming on the I am ducking from below, which is not even coming on the video, video, video, guys guys guys birthday girl birthday girl birthday girl Goa is, I ca Goa is, I ca Goa is, I ca n't see it, n't see it, n't see it, I am just looking at the cow, I am just looking at the cow, I am just looking at the cow, we came down at night, we sat down expecting it to be night, we came down at night, we sat down expecting it to be night, we came down at night, we sat down expecting it to be night, brother, this is the beach, I can't see it, it must be the beach, there is a brother, this is the beach, I can't see it, it must be the beach, there is a brother, this is the beach, I can't see it, it must be the beach, there is a drain on drain on drain on that side, pluck mangoes, are you that side, pluck mangoes, are you that side, pluck mangoes, are you making it for the first time? making it for the first time? making it for the first time? Yes, Yes, Yes, I have also come before you, this is I have also come before you, this is I have also come before you, this is our first trip. our first trip. our first trip. This is the first trip for all of us.  The rest of the people are still taking This is the first trip for all of us.  The rest of the people are still taking This is the first trip for all of us.  The rest of the people are still taking bath. bath. bath. And it is [ __ ] Goa yes And it is [ __ ] Goa yes And it is [ __ ] Goa yes now it will be a spontaneous trip only.  I will suddenly now it will be a spontaneous trip only.  I will suddenly now it will be a spontaneous trip only.  I will suddenly decide in one day.   It happened like this. decide in one day.   It happened like this. And the same thing happened.  And that too on my birthday.   It looks like a And the same thing happened.  And that too on my birthday.   It looks like a And the same thing happened.  And that too on my birthday.   It looks like a festival now.   There is a festival now.   There is a festival now.   There is a festival.  The day I was born is a festival.  The day I was born is a festival.  The day I was born is a festival. festival. festival. Cameraman, please focus here.  Focus Focus Cameraman, please focus here.  Focus Focus Cameraman, please focus here.  Focus Focus Focus Focus Happy Birthday to Jayanti brother Happy Aku Jayanti Happy Birthday to Jayanti brother Happy Aku Jayanti Happy Birthday to Jayanti brother Happy Aku Jayanti Happy Birthday Happy Birthday Happy Birthday [screaming sound] I am [screaming sound] I am [screaming sound] I am talking to you talking to you talking to you Happy Birthday Happy Birthday Happy Birthday Baika Listen listen listen don't just wish him a happy birthday friend don't just wish him a happy birthday friend don't just wish him a happy birthday friend in 2 minutes brother he is saying that he is having some good times right now brother he is saying that he is having some good times right now brother he is saying that he is having some good times right now so I should give him some credit so I should give him some credit so I should give him some credit from God that he will have good from God that he will have good from God that he will have good days in future then that will be my credit manifest days in future then that will be my credit manifest days in future then that will be my credit manifest starting a manifestation starting a manifestation starting a manifestation business so people whoever wants to get their manifest done get it done business so people whoever wants to get their manifest done get it done I have put this in Paytm Paytm by I have put this in Paytm Paytm by I have put this in Paytm Paytm by linking below [music] I will give only linking below [music] I will give only linking below [music] I will give only UPI ID UPI ID UPI ID UPI ID UPI ID UPI ID Send QI [laughter] you leave the number from UPI Send QI [laughter] you leave the number from UPI do it with the scanner brother guys do it with the scanner brother guys do it with the scanner brother guys I didn't say someone tapped behind me like this so I I didn't say someone tapped behind me like this so I I didn't say someone tapped behind me like this so I said you are saying wrong said you are saying wrong said you are saying wrong ok someone tapped below means ok someone tapped below means ok someone tapped below means I did it because small [laughter] I did it because small [laughter] I did it because small [laughter] anyway anyway anyway what's what's what's wet is wet is wet is not mine I have not mine I have not mine I have one two three [screaming sound] Happy New Year Happy New Year Happy New Year Happy New Year they ran away [laughter]  [screaming sound] [laughter]  [screaming sound] [laughter]  [screaming sound] Listen, attention, Listen, attention, Listen, attention, sir, I need a little secret topic, a little bit, what, a beautiful flower for a a beautiful flower for a a beautiful flower for a beautiful [laughs] beautiful lady, beautiful [laughs] beautiful lady, beautiful [laughs] beautiful lady, yes brother, right now it's a yes brother, right now it's a yes brother, right now it's a little contradictory, this little contradictory, this little contradictory, this beautiful flower, beautiful beautiful flower, beautiful beautiful flower, beautiful lady, is not matching, if you are done lady, is not matching, if you are done lady, is not matching, if you are done with the eggs, move eggs [laughs] with the eggs, move eggs [laughs] with the eggs, move eggs [laughs] then check then check then check brother, I am 24, what should I say, brother, I am 24, what should I say, brother, I am 24, what should I say, or which flower, beautiful flower for or which flower, beautiful flower for or which flower, beautiful flower for a a a beautiful [laughs] beautiful lady, it's not beautiful [laughs] beautiful lady, it's not beautiful [laughs] beautiful lady, it's not matching, flower matching, flower matching, flower brother, but it is that flower girl, brother, but it is that flower girl, brother, but it is that flower girl, oh, this has to be done, oh, this has to be done, oh, this has to be done, flower girl, flower flower girl, flower flower girl, flower for flower, for flower, for flower, flower girl, guys, hi guys, get ready flower girl, guys, hi guys, get ready flower girl, guys, hi guys, get ready with us, earlier I was getting unready, now if I with us, earlier I was getting unready, now if I with us, earlier I was getting unready, now if I go to the pool a little, I will get go to the pool a little, I will get go to the pool a little, I will get ready, ready, ready, or brother, tell me some story, or brother, tell me some story, or brother, tell me some story, brother, do you know what, just brother, do you know what, just brother, do you know what, just before he came, when our plan was almost before he came, when our plan was almost before he came, when our plan was almost cancelled, cancelled, cancelled, I was very sad that day, it had become so much that I was very sad that day, it had become so much that I was very sad that day, it had become so much that brother, I don't brother, I don't brother, I don't know what I was doing with work.  Is.  Two days know what I was doing with work.  Is.  Two days know what I was doing with work.  Is.  Two days ago she said that she was going to Goa.  Then she says I am ago she said that she was going to Goa.  Then she says I am ago she said that she was going to Goa.  Then she says I am not going.  Then she continues talking. not going.  Then she continues talking. not going.  Then she continues talking. Wait, it's Wait, it's Wait, it's story time. story time. story time. I was with my friend I was with my friend I was with my friend and I told them that brother, I don't know now, and I told them that brother, I don't know now, and I told them that brother, I don't know now, tell me, is there no tell me, is there no tell me, is there no God in Goa?  So he said God in Goa?  So he said God in Goa?  So he said that there is a church. that there is a church. that there is a church. She said that I will request him. She said that I will request him. She said that I will request him. Lord, please call me to you. Lord, please call me to you. Lord, please call me to you. If something happens this time, I will finally come If something happens this time, I will finally come If something happens this time, I will finally come and and and look, I don't know about them.  One has to look, I don't know about them.  One has to look, I don't know about them.  One has to pray to God to indulge in homosexuality. pray to God to indulge in homosexuality. pray to God to indulge in homosexuality. So in the meantime, one has to pray to God so much to touch water. So in the meantime, one has to pray to God so much to touch water. He is from Rajasthan, so am I? He is from Rajasthan, so am I? He is from Rajasthan, so am I? Tell me water. Tell me water. Tell me water. Water please. Water please. Water please. Some people go crazy after seeing water. Some people go crazy after seeing water. Some people go crazy after seeing water. Guys look the birthday girl is here. Guys look the birthday girl is here. Guys look the birthday girl is here. Someone else is having a photo session. Someone else is having a photo session. Someone else is having a photo session. Where did you say it from brother? Where did you say it from brother? Where did you say it from brother? Hey brother, on top of that our neighbors are asking for sugar. Hey brother, on top of that our neighbors are asking for sugar. Hey brother, on top of that our neighbors are asking for sugar. Guys, these guys are having a little photo session right now. Guys, these guys are having a little photo session right now. Guys, these guys are having a little photo session right now. But [laughs] she is here But [laughs] she is here But [laughs] she is here assistant assistant assistant or she is just supporting.  Look at this pose of or she is just supporting.  Look at this pose of or she is just supporting.  Look at this pose of our boy.   You are our boy.   You are our boy.   You are watching cows and buffaloes over there, become a watching cows and buffaloes over there, become a watching cows and buffaloes over there, become a cow and buffalo of Switzerland.  [laughter] These Are cow and buffalo of Switzerland.  [laughter] These Are cow and buffalo of Switzerland.  [laughter] These Are the Flowers That I've Got.  When I the Flowers That I've Got.  When I the Flowers That I've Got.  When I came down, all these were kept on the table.  I came down, all these were kept on the table.  I came down, all these were kept on the table.  I made a lot of [music] reels with these. made a lot of [music] reels with these. made a lot of [music] reels with these. [screaming sound] I look like a [screaming sound] I look like a [screaming sound] I look like a child who looks older than these parents. child who looks older than these parents. She is a child. She is a child. She is a child. You are teasing the girls.  To the girls. You are teasing the girls.  To the girls. You are teasing the girls.  To the girls. Come on, happy birthday Akanksha. Come on, happy birthday Akanksha. Come on, happy birthday Akanksha. Well, this was in my vision board last year Well, this was in my vision board last year Well, this was in my vision board last year that I want to earn 1.3 million and I want to that I want to earn 1.3 million and I want to that I want to earn 1.3 million and I want to celebrate my 23rd birthday in Goa, so celebrate my 23rd birthday in Goa, so celebrate my 23rd birthday in Goa, so I had put some photos of Goa beach in heart shape with 23 written on it in the vision board, I had put some photos of Goa beach in heart shape with 23 written on it in the vision board, but it did not happen last year, so but it did not happen last year, so but it did not happen last year, so I did it I did it I did it this year.   There this year.   There this year.   There is a couple channel on Insta called Midha and An.  Do you is a couple channel on Insta called Midha and An.  Do you is a couple channel on Insta called Midha and An.  Do you know what the name is? know what the name is? know what the name is? What is your name?  Look cute, what did you say? What is your name?  Look cute, what did you say? What is your name?  Look cute, what did you say? Very cute.   I have my Very cute.   I have my Very cute.   I have my own plan. own plan. own plan. Its name is Butter Cake. Its name is Butter Cake. Its name is Butter Cake. Hey cute, let's just go there, Hey cute, let's just go there, they are cute with the cake [laughs] they are cute with the cake [laughs] they are cute with the cake [laughs] Would you like to say something today, Would you like to say something today, Would you like to say something today, what are your plans, what are your plans, what are your plans, they are nice, this is it, it is they are nice, this is it, it is they are nice, this is it, it is just missing, today you have to see this just missing, today you have to see this just missing, today you have to see this bindi of mine that is coming bindi of mine that is coming bindi of mine that is coming here [laughs] here [laughs] here [laughs] natural bindi, she has brought our natural bindis, natural bindi, she has brought our natural bindis, look brother, she wants to go to the beach, she is taking them along, look brother, she wants to go to the beach, she is taking them along, look at her face, look at her face, look at her face, how she is forcibly celebrating her birthday, she is how she is forcibly celebrating her birthday, she is how she is forcibly celebrating her birthday, she is not letting me go to my house on my birthday.   She is not letting me go to my house on my birthday.   She is not letting me go to my house on my birthday.   She is keeping us at home. keeping us at home. keeping us at home. So celebrate my birthday. So celebrate my birthday. So celebrate my birthday. We have to get through [laughter]. We have to get through [laughter]. We have to get through [laughter]. We have to go. We have to go. We have to go. We have to pass by.   It has to We have to pass by.   It has to We have to pass by.   It has to pass. pass. pass. Who is the girl with all the dirty things? Who is the girl with all the dirty things? Who is the girl with all the dirty things? Happy birthday to you.  Happy birthday to Happy birthday to you.  Happy birthday to Happy birthday to you.  Happy birthday to you. Stop, stop.  What were you showing?   Show Stop, stop.  What were you showing?   Show Stop, stop.  What were you showing?   Show me that.  Our brother has become famous, me that.  Our brother has become famous, me that.  Our brother has become famous, brother.  became mad.   Come brother.  became mad.   Come brother.  became mad.   Come on guys.  This is like on guys.  This is like on guys.  This is like these are small things about it.  [laughter] Gotta these are small things about it.  [laughter] Gotta these are small things about it.  [laughter] Gotta give it. give it. give it. Bro the guy Akanksha is so good looking. Bro the guy Akanksha is so good looking. Bro the guy Akanksha is so good looking. [laughter] I [laughter] I [laughter] I say, brother, what the [ __ ]? I am looking good to people. I am looking good to people. I am looking good to people. Listen, another photo.  [laughter] Listen, another photo.  [laughter] Listen, another photo.  [laughter] Yeah, I'm a great friend of it.  Look, Yeah, I'm a great friend of it.  Look, we are the best thing in the same room.  [laughs] we are the best thing in the same room.  [laughs] we are the best thing in the same room.  [laughs] Look, here's the reality of it, you might Look, here's the reality of it, you might Look, here's the reality of it, you might find it beautiful too.  Please post this in the next redeemed post. find it beautiful too.  Please post this in the next redeemed post. find it beautiful too.  Please post this in the next redeemed post. Best Best Best what? what? what? Completely opposite of ana.  [laughter] Completely opposite of ana.  [laughter] Completely opposite of ana.  [laughter] But the three of us are very close. But the three of us are very close. But the three of us are very close. Or Fisbaum? Or Fisbaum? Or Fisbaum? Fisbb Fisbb Fisbb Fisbb Fisbb Fisbb Fisbm? Fisbm? Fisbm? Oh [laughs] if I had Oh [laughs] if I had Oh [laughs] if I had stopped then right now guys are deciding whether stopped then right now guys are deciding whether stopped then right now guys are deciding whether we should go out or not because I am we should go out or not because I am we should go out or not because I am in pajamas what are you doing brother in pajamas what are you doing brother in pajamas what are you doing brother this romantic whose wedding night is this here this romantic whose wedding night is this here this romantic whose wedding night is this here [laughs] come on [laughs] come on [laughs] come on friend he friend he friend he says it is not necessary to go to the club then says it is not necessary to go to the club then says it is not necessary to go to the club then when I applied glitter when I applied glitter when I applied glitter what are you saying friend I have already applied glitter what are you saying friend I have already applied glitter what are you saying friend I have already applied glitter and I am applying it in front of him and I am applying it in front of him and I am applying it in front of him I am I am I am applying glitter glitter and he is saying it is applying glitter glitter and he is saying it is applying glitter glitter and he is saying it is not necessary to go to the club [laughs] I have stopped I have stopped not necessary to go to the club [laughs] I have stopped I have stopped see I have applied too much on one of mine see I have applied too much on one of mine see I have applied too much on one of mine [laughs] it is [laughs] it is [laughs] it is not on both of mine because I not on both of mine because I not on both of mine because I knew that I have a knew that I have a knew that I have a glam outfit ready [laughs] I glam outfit ready [laughs] I glam outfit ready [laughs] I also have it ready also have it ready also have it ready oh tell me then I will cut it off, I am oh tell me then I will cut it off, I am oh tell me then I will cut it off, I am asking in Vogue first that what asking in Vogue first that what asking in Vogue first that what should I say and what should I not say [laughs] from myself myself myself from village area I have from village area I have from village area I have 285 followers brother [laughs] he is 285 followers brother [laughs] he is 285 followers brother [laughs] he is taking sympathy he is taking sympathy the cake has taking sympathy he is taking sympathy the cake has taking sympathy he is taking sympathy the cake has melted and is here.  There will be devastation melted and is here.  There will be devastation melted and is here.  There will be devastation here now.  Brother, what clothes did this guy here now.  Brother, what clothes did this guy here now.  Brother, what clothes did this guy show and she has come wearing them.  Four show and she has come wearing them.  Four show and she has come wearing them.  Four outfits were shown.  She has come wearing it all shiny and bright. outfits were shown.  She has come wearing it all shiny and bright. Akshata, one brother, wait a minute.  Come Akshata, one brother, wait a minute.  Come Akshata, one brother, wait a minute.  Come see.  Shut up, everyone, shut up. see.  Shut up, everyone, shut up. see.  Shut up, everyone, shut up. Good. Good. Good. Eat it all, eat it all.   Eat it Eat it all, eat it all.   Eat it Eat it all, eat it all.   Eat it all. all. all. Out.  A fast forward.   It feels a Out.  A fast forward.   It feels a Out.  A fast forward.   It feels a little strange.  It tastes like medicine.   Will little strange.  It tastes like medicine.   Will you take it? you take it? you take it? We fed cake to brother.  I have woken up from sleep. We fed cake to brother.  I have woken up from sleep. We fed cake to brother.  I have woken up from sleep. What did these monks put in What did these monks put in What did these monks put in this? this? this? Oye makhane makhane, the same one with Oye makhane makhane, the same one with Oye makhane makhane, the same one with spices. spices. spices. Added spicy makhana and gave it.  My brother started eating.   Even if she Added spicy makhana and gave it.  My brother started eating.   Even if she kills me, I will still kills me, I will still kills me, I will still love her.  [laughs] He's torn about the hate love her.  [laughs] He's torn about the hate love her.  [laughs] He's torn about the hate my fans get. my fans get. my fans get. Tasted good with makhana.   It was Tasted good with makhana.   It was Tasted good with makhana.   It was beautiful fun.   It looks beautiful fun.   It looks beautiful fun.   It looks beautiful.   I will beautiful.   I will beautiful.   I will break the drum.  [laughs] Guys, we are here, all the Rajasthanis are Guys, we are here, all the Rajasthanis are Guys, we are here, all the Rajasthanis are sitting here.  This is also their man.  Only this sitting here.  This is also their man.  Only this sitting here.  This is also their man.  Only this one is left from Bargaon, they were one is left from Bargaon, they were one is left from Bargaon, they were feeling left out and were telling Marwari feeling left out and were telling Marwari feeling left out and were telling Marwari that you can join our gang.  I love that you can join our gang.  I love that you can join our gang.  I love Nargarh? Nargarh? Nargarh? I love will come.  [laughter] So get that I love will come.  [laughter] So get that I love will come.  [laughter] So get that English out.   There was that English out.   There was that door outside. door outside. door outside. Hey, don't get nervous seeing that camera. Hey, don't get nervous seeing that camera. I love Nawalgarh na. I love Nawalgarh na. I love Nawalgarh na. Nawalgarh is mine. Nawalgarh is mine. Nawalgarh is mine. Naralgarh, Naralgarh. Naralgarh, Naralgarh. Naralgarh, Naralgarh. He comes to his in-laws' house.  No, what is maternal home He comes to his in-laws' house.  No, what is maternal home He comes to his in-laws' house.  No, what is maternal home ?   Don't know. ?   Don't know. And then say that you will not do as you wish.   Do And then say that you will not do as you wish.   Do And then say that you will not do as you wish.   Do n't do what you want. n't do what you want. n't do what you want. And also say this, I will break it.  Break the dunga. And also say this, I will break it.  Break the dunga. And also say this, I will break it.  Break the dunga. You don't even know this You don't even know this You don't even know this Rajasthan Mercedes.   Do Rajasthan Mercedes.   Do n't know. n't know. n't know. Mercedes Bro.  We call Mercedes [laughs] Mercedes Bro.  We call Mercedes [laughs] Mercedes Bro.  We call Mercedes [laughs] Mercedes. Mercedes. Mercedes. Let's go guys, this is the first time he has seen the beach today.  She has gone Let's go guys, this is the first time he has seen the beach today.  She has gone Let's go guys, this is the first time he has seen the beach today.  She has gone mad.   I am feeling mad.   I am feeling mad.   I am feeling scared that my goosebumps have come brother. scared that my goosebumps have come brother. scared that my goosebumps have come brother. Come on, let's move ahead.   She would Come on, let's move ahead.   She would Come on, let's move ahead.   She would tell me, show me the light here.  Yellow. tell me, show me the light here.  Yellow. tell me, show me the light here.  Yellow. Seeing me she would say, brother, you must have gone. Seeing me she would say, brother, you must have gone. Seeing me she would say, brother, you must have gone. I said I have seen Ju Bees. I said I have seen Ju Bees. I said I have seen Ju Bees. [laughter] Go ahead. [laughter] Go ahead. [laughter] Go ahead. Copy Copy Copy this flower girl.  Hey, she took the light and went to this flower girl.  Hey, she took the light and went to this flower girl.  Hey, she took the light and went to him.  Let us go. him.  Let us go. him.  Let us go. Brother, this little girl came from behind.  Come once, Brother, this little girl came from behind.  Come once, Brother, this little girl came from behind.  Come once, come from far away.  It seemed like Dumple Door was coming come from far away.  It seemed like Dumple Door was coming come from far away.  It seemed like Dumple Door was coming brother.  By getting this hairstyle done. brother.  By getting this hairstyle done. brother.  By getting this hairstyle done. Water Hey that's going up camera.  Look at Water Hey that's going up camera.  Look at Water Hey that's going up camera.  Look at your by muscle memory.   Oh, your by muscle memory.   Oh, your by muscle memory.   Oh, I forget.  If there is no complaint then these I forget.  If there is no complaint then these I forget.  If there is no complaint then these people. people. people. Your birthday is over now. Your birthday is over now. Your birthday is over now. Now you can beat me now.  Guys, I thought they would take us out for a Now you can beat me now.  Guys, I thought they would take us out for a Now you can beat me now.  Guys, I thought they would take us out for a little clubbing like this, little clubbing like this, little clubbing like this, so I wore this outfit and came here at this so I wore this outfit and came here at this so I wore this outfit and came here at this dhaba. Now we will eat Pani Puri. It's 2:00 in the night. Guys, I just came to know that dhaba. Now we will eat Pani Puri. It's 2:00 in the night. Guys, I just came to know that Pani Puri is closed today. The one behind, it's only Pani Puri is closed today. The one behind, it's only Pani Puri is closed today. The one behind, it's only for the show. for the show. for the show. What are you doing in Goa, brother? What are you doing in Goa, brother? What are you doing in Goa, brother? This guy has come to This guy has come to This guy has come to our temple today. Earlier, our temple today. Earlier, our temple today. Earlier, this guy, look at my village. this guy, look at my village. this guy, look at my village. Your village, Your village, Your village, my village used to look like this. Now I will take you around my my village used to look like this. Now I will take you around my my village used to look like this. Now I will take you around my village in my way. What a village in my way. What a village in my way. What a happy birthday bro brother. God, it's happy birthday bro brother. God, it's brother's birthday. Brother's brother's birthday. Brother's brother's birthday. Brother's brother God, you have become a big man.   Isn't it brother God, you have become a big man.   Isn't it brother God, you have become a big man.   Isn't it ? ? ? Its two million Its two million Its two million guys look I'm so small.  What shall I guys look I'm so small.  What shall I guys look I'm so small.  What shall I do?  She has come wearing heels. do?  She has come wearing heels. do?  She has come wearing heels. No, we have brought this in your size.   Then you will have to No, we have brought this in your size.   Then you will have to No, we have brought this in your size.   Then you will have to save the game. save the game. save the game. Guys, we are on our way to our next location. Guys, we are on our way to our next location. Guys, we are on our way to our next location. And the driver brother has run away with our luggage. And the driver brother has run away with our luggage. And the driver brother has run away with our luggage. So we're chasing that right now. So we're chasing that right now. So we're chasing that right now. Because all our clothes are in it. Because all our clothes are in it. Because all our clothes are in it. If he doesn't come, we will have to roam around in these clothes every day. If he doesn't come, we will have to roam around in these clothes every day. I have been waiting in the car for so long.  Isn't it Akshata?  How much I have been waiting in the car for so long.  Isn't it Akshata?  How much I have been waiting in the car for so long.  Isn't it Akshata?  How much weight has he made me wait? weight has he made me wait? weight has he made me wait? Loose. Loose. Loose. Yes.  We have been sitting here ready for a long time. Yes.  We have been sitting here ready for a long time. Yes.  We have been sitting here ready for a long time. Post a screenshot of your gallery with this voice.   It's Post a screenshot of your gallery with this voice.   It's Post a screenshot of your gallery with this voice.   It's my birthday.  Everyone is sitting after drinking drink. my birthday.  Everyone is sitting after drinking drink. my birthday.  Everyone is sitting after drinking drink. What is it?  I'm not even in the entry.   Please What is it?  I'm not even in the entry.   Please What is it?  I'm not even in the entry.   Please keep the Kalash here brother. keep the Kalash here brother. keep the Kalash here brother. what is the matter? what is the matter? what is the matter? Location number two is the candle. So Lenny to Guys This is it's those roles and nothing else.  misunderstand something those roles and nothing else.  misunderstand something those roles and nothing else.  misunderstand something