Happy Sunday. Welcome back to my Happy Sunday. Welcome back to my Happy Sunday. Welcome back to my channel. If you're new here, hi. My name channel. If you're new here, hi. My name channel. If you're new here, hi. My name is Alexia. I just got back from vacation is Alexia. I just got back from vacation is Alexia. I just got back from vacation a couple of days ago already. And when a couple of days ago already. And when a couple of days ago already. And when I'm away from home for a couple of days I'm away from home for a couple of days I'm away from home for a couple of days or a couple of weeks, I just want to or a couple of weeks, I just want to or a couple of weeks, I just want to dedicate a full day to do some dedicate a full day to do some dedicate a full day to do some self-care, to do some cleaning, to self-care, to do some cleaning, to self-care, to do some cleaning, to reset, to get back into my things. So, reset, to get back into my things. So, reset, to get back into my things. So, that's what we're doing in today's that's what we're doing in today's that's what we're doing in today's video. And I feel like it's been forever video. And I feel like it's been forever video. And I feel like it's been forever since I filmed a Sunday reset. So, I'm since I filmed a Sunday reset. So, I'm since I filmed a Sunday reset. So, I'm super happy to film this today. And super happy to film this today. And super happy to film this today. And also, I know that it's been like a also, I know that it's been like a also, I know that it's been like a couple of weeks that I haven't posted, couple of weeks that I haven't posted, couple of weeks that I haven't posted, but I promise that I'm going to be but I promise that I'm going to be but I promise that I'm going to be posting a lot more videos in the posting a lot more videos in the posting a lot more videos in the upcoming weeks and months cuz I also upcoming weeks and months cuz I also upcoming weeks and months cuz I also want to film like more days in my life want to film like more days in my life want to film like more days in my life and just realistic uh days and just post and just realistic uh days and just post and just realistic uh days and just post more vlogs on my channel and just being more vlogs on my channel and just being more vlogs on my channel and just being more consistent. So, make sure you do more consistent. So, make sure you do more consistent. So, make sure you do subscribe to my channel if you haven't subscribe to my channel if you haven't subscribe to my channel if you haven't already to not miss any videos and also already to not miss any videos and also already to not miss any videos and also give this video a little thumbs up. and give this video a little thumbs up. and give this video a little thumbs up. and being away for I mean when I was on being away for I mean when I was on being away for I mean when I was on vacation and being away from the cold vacation and being away from the cold vacation and being away from the cold and this gloomy weather it honestly felt and this gloomy weather it honestly felt and this gloomy weather it honestly felt amazing but now we're back into reality amazing but now we're back into reality amazing but now we're back into reality and I also feel super grateful that I and I also feel super grateful that I and I also feel super grateful that I get to get back to I mean to home and get to get back to I mean to home and get to get back to I mean to home and just being in my things and knowing that just being in my things and knowing that just being in my things and knowing that I'm just going to get back into routine I'm just going to get back into routine I'm just going to get back into routine cuz I love being at home as well like I cuz I love being at home as well like I cuz I love being at home as well like I love to escape and just being on love to escape and just being on love to escape and just being on vacation obviously but I just love also vacation obviously but I just love also vacation obviously but I just love also to be at home and be in my little to be at home and be in my little to be at home and be in my little comfort zone as well. So yeah, anyways, comfort zone as well. So yeah, anyways, comfort zone as well. So yeah, anyways, we are having a full Sunday reset, we are having a full Sunday reset, we are having a full Sunday reset, Sunday self-care. And as I said, make Sunday self-care. And as I said, make Sunday self-care. And as I said, make sure you are subscribed to my channel if sure you are subscribed to my channel if sure you are subscribed to my channel if you haven't already. And let's get this you haven't already. And let's get this you haven't already. And let's get this Sunday self-care reset started. Hey again. It is time. It is time, you guys. While It is time. It is time, you guys. While It is time. It is time, you guys. While the clothes are washing, I will need to the clothes are washing, I will need to the clothes are washing, I will need to make another laundry after, but it is make another laundry after, but it is make another laundry after, but it is time to deep clean, wash, and just time to deep clean, wash, and just time to deep clean, wash, and just declutter my bathroom. I've been declutter my bathroom. I've been declutter my bathroom. I've been procrastinating this so much. I think procrastinating this so much. I think procrastinating this so much. I think the last time that I did this, it was the last time that I did this, it was the last time that I did this, it was like maybe a year ago, which is insane like maybe a year ago, which is insane like maybe a year ago, which is insane because I probably have a bunch of because I probably have a bunch of because I probably have a bunch of expired products and I have bunch of expired products and I have bunch of expired products and I have bunch of products that I don't use anymore. more. products that I don't use anymore. more. products that I don't use anymore. more. There's a bunch of products just hanging There's a bunch of products just hanging There's a bunch of products just hanging out on my vanity and I haven't touched out on my vanity and I haven't touched out on my vanity and I haven't touched them in months. So, I need to do them in months. So, I need to do them in months. So, I need to do something about this and it's truly a something about this and it's truly a something about this and it's truly a disaster right now. You guys don't disaster right now. You guys don't disaster right now. You guys don't really see anything, but my drawers are really see anything, but my drawers are really see anything, but my drawers are a mess. So, take everything out, deep a mess. So, take everything out, deep a mess. So, take everything out, deep clean. There's a lot of hair. If you're clean. There's a lot of hair. If you're clean. There's a lot of hair. If you're a girl, you probably understand the fact a girl, you probably understand the fact a girl, you probably understand the fact that we're always losing hair. So, that we're always losing hair. So, that we're always losing hair. So, there's a lot of hair. And yeah, it's there's a lot of hair. And yeah, it's there's a lot of hair. And yeah, it's probably going to take me a couple of probably going to take me a couple of probably going to take me a couple of hours. But I think I'm going to put a hours. But I think I'm going to put a hours. But I think I'm going to put a timer, like an hour and a half timer, I timer, like an hour and a half timer, I timer, like an hour and a half timer, I think, or maybe 2 hours to do this think, or maybe 2 hours to do this think, or maybe 2 hours to do this because this is always something that I because this is always something that I because this is always something that I love to do cuz if I don't put a timer, love to do cuz if I don't put a timer, love to do cuz if I don't put a timer, this like right here, everything that I this like right here, everything that I this like right here, everything that I need to clean and declutter, I could do need to clean and declutter, I could do need to clean and declutter, I could do this for an entire week if I don't put a this for an entire week if I don't put a this for an entire week if I don't put a timer. So yeah, let's clean the timer. So yeah, let's clean the timer. So yeah, let's clean the bathroom. Let's do this. And then we are bathroom. Let's do this. And then we are bathroom. Let's do this. And then we are going to start another laundry. Also, going to start another laundry. Also, going to start another laundry. Also, when you clean, make sure you're going when you clean, make sure you're going when you clean, make sure you're going to put your favorite TV show or a vlog to put your favorite TV show or a vlog to put your favorite TV show or a vlog or something. It helps so much to get or something. It helps so much to get or something. It helps so much to get things done. That's not even Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey. Okay, so this is where I'm at right now. Okay, so this is where I'm at right now. Okay, so this is where I'm at right now. So, I went through these two drawers and So, I went through these two drawers and So, I went through these two drawers and they were all clean right now. I got rid they were all clean right now. I got rid they were all clean right now. I got rid of so many products. It was actually of so many products. It was actually of so many products. It was actually insane how many products I got rid of. insane how many products I got rid of. insane how many products I got rid of. And here there's still a lot going on, And here there's still a lot going on, And here there's still a lot going on, but I'm going to fix this right after. I but I'm going to fix this right after. I but I'm going to fix this right after. I think right now I'm just going to make think right now I'm just going to make think right now I'm just going to make myself something for breakfast and then myself something for breakfast and then myself something for breakfast and then I'll be back to this. And over here we I'll be back to this. And over here we I'll be back to this. And over here we have my vanity. I just know there's a have my vanity. I just know there's a have my vanity. I just know there's a lot of makeup that is just way too old. lot of makeup that is just way too old. lot of makeup that is just way too old. So, yeah, we're going to do this right So, yeah, we're going to do this right So, yeah, we're going to do this right after. And I think I'm also going to after. And I think I'm also going to after. And I think I'm also going to make myself a coffee to refill on this. I made some scrambled eggs with some I made some scrambled eggs with some I made some scrambled eggs with some onions and feta cheese. And I also made onions and feta cheese. And I also made onions and feta cheese. And I also made a plain yogurt with chia seeds and also a plain yogurt with chia seeds and also a plain yogurt with chia seeds and also some fruits and maple syrup. And I also some fruits and maple syrup. And I also some fruits and maple syrup. And I also added a little bit of honey. Time to get added a little bit of honey. Time to get added a little bit of honey. Time to get rid of some makeup products that are rid of some makeup products that are rid of some makeup products that are probably expired or that I just don't probably expired or that I just don't probably expired or that I just don't use anymore. Like this foundation is use anymore. Like this foundation is use anymore. Like this foundation is probably 10 years old. I'm not even probably 10 years old. I'm not even probably 10 years old. I'm not even kidding. So, yeah, I really need to go kidding. So, yeah, I really need to go kidding. So, yeah, I really need to go through these jars and not keep things through these jars and not keep things through these jars and not keep things uh just in case. I'm trying to be more uh just in case. I'm trying to be more uh just in case. I'm trying to be more minimalist when it comes to my products minimalist when it comes to my products minimalist when it comes to my products and makeup products this year so I don't and makeup products this year so I don't and makeup products this year so I don't accumulate too much things for nothing. accumulate too much things for nothing. accumulate too much things for nothing. So, so yeah, today we're getting rid of So, so yeah, today we're getting rid of So, so yeah, today we're getting rid of the unnecessary energy. So, let's do it the unnecessary energy. So, let's do it the unnecessary energy. So, let's do it for the makeup products now. Hey, hey, hey. Hello. Hey. Hey. So, the bathroom is all clean now. And So, the bathroom is all clean now. And So, the bathroom is all clean now. And you guys are going to think I'm a clean you guys are going to think I'm a clean you guys are going to think I'm a clean freak cuz I keep cleaning and freak cuz I keep cleaning and freak cuz I keep cleaning and reorganizing everything in a lot of my reorganizing everything in a lot of my reorganizing everything in a lot of my videos. But I hope this is going to give videos. But I hope this is going to give videos. But I hope this is going to give you some motivation to get your life you some motivation to get your life you some motivation to get your life together and to clean your space and together and to clean your space and together and to clean your space and organize your things and just declutter organize your things and just declutter organize your things and just declutter everything. But yeah, my bathroom was everything. But yeah, my bathroom was everything. But yeah, my bathroom was something that I really needed to get something that I really needed to get something that I really needed to get done. And now I'm going to put away some done. And now I'm going to put away some done. And now I'm going to put away some clothes that are now clean. I still have clothes that are now clean. I still have clothes that are now clean. I still have some laundry to finish cuz um I have a some laundry to finish cuz um I have a some laundry to finish cuz um I have a lot of clothes from my trip. So I'm lot of clothes from my trip. So I'm lot of clothes from my trip. So I'm going to organize my wardrobe now. And I going to organize my wardrobe now. And I going to organize my wardrobe now. And I think after that I'm going to do like a think after that I'm going to do like a think after that I'm going to do like a iPad reset and just prep for the week. I iPad reset and just prep for the week. I iPad reset and just prep for the week. I also want to do like prepping my meals a also want to do like prepping my meals a also want to do like prepping my meals a little bit, reset for the month cuz it little bit, reset for the month cuz it little bit, reset for the month cuz it is now the month of February, which is is now the month of February, which is is now the month of February, which is insane already. But I love this month so insane already. But I love this month so insane already. But I love this month so much, especially because it's a pink much, especially because it's a pink much, especially because it's a pink month. And yeah, I'm wearing the perfect month. And yeah, I'm wearing the perfect month. And yeah, I'm wearing the perfect PJ for this occasion. It is the month of PJ for this occasion. It is the month of PJ for this occasion. It is the month of February, the month of love, and I'm February, the month of love, and I'm February, the month of love, and I'm actually so excited to have like a girly actually so excited to have like a girly actually so excited to have like a girly month and everything about pink, I would month and everything about pink, I would month and everything about pink, I would say. So, yeah, we're going to do a say. So, yeah, we're going to do a say. So, yeah, we're going to do a little monthly reset right after little monthly reset right after little monthly reset right after organizing my wardrobe. Open. So, I don't know about you guys, but I So, I don't know about you guys, but I So, I don't know about you guys, but I really need a plan to function. And if I really need a plan to function. And if I really need a plan to function. And if I don't know what's A and what's B and don't know what's A and what's B and don't know what's A and what's B and what I need to get done by the end of what I need to get done by the end of what I need to get done by the end of the week, forget it. I really need the week, forget it. I really need the week, forget it. I really need structure. Taking time every Sunday to structure. Taking time every Sunday to structure. Taking time every Sunday to plan my week can seriously change my plan my week can seriously change my plan my week can seriously change my productivity. Doing this before it even productivity. Doing this before it even productivity. Doing this before it even starts helps me so much to see starts helps me so much to see starts helps me so much to see everything clearly like, okay, what's my everything clearly like, okay, what's my everything clearly like, okay, what's my business plan for the week? What am I business plan for the week? What am I business plan for the week? What am I looking forward to? And if you have a looking forward to? And if you have a looking forward to? And if you have a super busy schedule as well, this really super busy schedule as well, this really super busy schedule as well, this really helps you to see when you actually have helps you to see when you actually have helps you to see when you actually have time for you, your workouts, your time for you, your workouts, your time for you, your workouts, your friends, your family, or just your friends, your family, or just your friends, your family, or just your hobbies and some activities that you hobbies and some activities that you hobbies and some activities that you will like to do that week. So when the will like to do that week. So when the will like to do that week. So when the week starts, you already feel more week starts, you already feel more week starts, you already feel more grounded and in control. And I'm grounded and in control. And I'm grounded and in control. And I'm actually doing this right now for the actually doing this right now for the actually doing this right now for the next week. And it made me realize we next week. And it made me realize we next week. And it made me realize we have been doing this for such a long have been doing this for such a long have been doing this for such a long time since we were in school. And if time since we were in school. And if time since we were in school. And if you're still in school, you probably you're still in school, you probably you're still in school, you probably already do this. But we plan our study already do this. But we plan our study already do this. But we plan our study days, our exams and everything. We used days, our exams and everything. We used days, our exams and everything. We used to open our agendas and the teacher to open our agendas and the teacher to open our agendas and the teacher would lay out the week and see what would lay out the week and see what would lay out the week and see what we're doing on Tuesday and Friday and so we're doing on Tuesday and Friday and so we're doing on Tuesday and Friday and so on. So I truly think that our minds work on. So I truly think that our minds work on. So I truly think that our minds work better when we actually have a plan in better when we actually have a plan in better when we actually have a plan in front of us. And if the plan needs to front of us. And if the plan needs to front of us. And if the plan needs to change, that's totally fine as well. and change, that's totally fine as well. and change, that's totally fine as well. and at least you know what to adjust and how at least you know what to adjust and how at least you know what to adjust and how to move things around instead of just to move things around instead of just to move things around instead of just feeling overwhelmed. And I'm also trying feeling overwhelmed. And I'm also trying feeling overwhelmed. And I'm also trying to plan my meals a little bit more. Not to plan my meals a little bit more. Not to plan my meals a little bit more. Not exactly what I'm going to eat every exactly what I'm going to eat every exactly what I'm going to eat every single day for breakfast and for dinner single day for breakfast and for dinner single day for breakfast and for dinner and everything, but just like getting and everything, but just like getting and everything, but just like getting inspired. So, I love to like scroll on inspired. So, I love to like scroll on inspired. So, I love to like scroll on Pinterest and save a bunch of images and Pinterest and save a bunch of images and Pinterest and save a bunch of images and just see what recipes I can create that just see what recipes I can create that just see what recipes I can create that week. So, I'm someone who um is having a week. So, I'm someone who um is having a week. So, I'm someone who um is having a hard time just making sure I'm going to hard time just making sure I'm going to hard time just making sure I'm going to eat my protein every single day, my eat my protein every single day, my eat my protein every single day, my greens and everything. So, just browsing greens and everything. So, just browsing greens and everything. So, just browsing a little bit has helped me so much. And a little bit has helped me so much. And a little bit has helped me so much. And then I see if I'm missing some then I see if I'm missing some then I see if I'm missing some ingredients and some foods for the week. ingredients and some foods for the week. ingredients and some foods for the week. Well, I'm just going to go to the Well, I'm just going to go to the Well, I'm just going to go to the grocery store for that. But just grocery store for that. But just grocery store for that. But just planning my week, taking 30 minutes or planning my week, taking 30 minutes or planning my week, taking 30 minutes or an hour every single Sunday. And an hour every single Sunday. And an hour every single Sunday. And planning my week, my schedules, the planning my week, my schedules, the planning my week, my schedules, the things that I need to get done, and just things that I need to get done, and just things that I need to get done, and just my meals, as I said, has helped me so my meals, as I said, has helped me so my meals, as I said, has helped me so much. And just staying on track. So, I'm much. And just staying on track. So, I'm much. And just staying on track. So, I'm now going to go pick up a few things for now going to go pick up a few things for now going to go pick up a few things for my meals of the week that I'm missing. my meals of the week that I'm missing. my meals of the week that I'm missing. And I also want to bake some cookies And I also want to bake some cookies And I also want to bake some cookies tonight cuz the new series of Bridgeten tonight cuz the new series of Bridgeten tonight cuz the new series of Bridgeten is finally out. And I truly can't wait is finally out. And I truly can't wait is finally out. And I truly can't wait cuz I've read the book. I mean, I've cuz I've read the book. I mean, I've cuz I've read the book. I mean, I've read until Benedict story and I think it read until Benedict story and I think it read until Benedict story and I think it was actually my favorite cuz it's was actually my favorite cuz it's was actually my favorite cuz it's inspired, I think, by Cinderella, the inspired, I think, by Cinderella, the inspired, I think, by Cinderella, the Cinderella story. So, I'm really excited Cinderella story. So, I'm really excited Cinderella story. So, I'm really excited to see how good it is going to be. So, I to see how good it is going to be. So, I to see how good it is going to be. So, I need to make this moment special. I need to make this moment special. I need to make this moment special. I think I want to bake some Valentine's think I want to bake some Valentine's think I want to bake some Valentine's Day cookies cuz it is that time of the Day cookies cuz it is that time of the Day cookies cuz it is that time of the year. So, I always love to like year. So, I always love to like year. So, I always love to like romanticize those moments, especially romanticize those moments, especially romanticize those moments, especially when it's like a new movie or a new when it's like a new movie or a new when it's like a new movie or a new series that I just can't wait to watch. series that I just can't wait to watch. series that I just can't wait to watch. I love to like sit down, romanticize it, I love to like sit down, romanticize it, I love to like sit down, romanticize it, bake, and eat some good food and all of bake, and eat some good food and all of bake, and eat some good food and all of that. So yeah, that's what we're doing that. So yeah, that's what we're doing that. So yeah, that's what we're doing tonight. We're having a full self-care tonight. We're having a full self-care tonight. We're having a full self-care night. You guys know that these are my night. You guys know that these are my night. You guys know that these are my favorites. And I think you guys also favorites. And I think you guys also favorites. And I think you guys also love those type of videos. I mean, love those type of videos. I mean, love those type of videos. I mean, self-care videos. So really excited to self-care videos. So really excited to self-care videos. So really excited to go. So let's get going. I'm going to go go. So let's get going. I'm going to go go. So let's get going. I'm going to go to the grocery store, as I said, just to to the grocery store, as I said, just to to the grocery store, as I said, just to buy a few things that I'm missing. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. So, here's everything I got at the So, here's everything I got at the So, here's everything I got at the grocery store. And I got a lot of things grocery store. And I got a lot of things grocery store. And I got a lot of things for my breakfast in the morning cuz I'm for my breakfast in the morning cuz I'm for my breakfast in the morning cuz I'm trying not to skip my breakfast anymore. trying not to skip my breakfast anymore. trying not to skip my breakfast anymore. But I got some lettuce. I love to make But I got some lettuce. I love to make But I got some lettuce. I love to make myself some salads for lunch during the myself some salads for lunch during the myself some salads for lunch during the week. I got two sweet potatoes cuz I'm week. I got two sweet potatoes cuz I'm week. I got two sweet potatoes cuz I'm the only one who loves um them at home, the only one who loves um them at home, the only one who loves um them at home, so I only got two. Then some cucumbers so I only got two. Then some cucumbers so I only got two. Then some cucumbers for um my salads as well. Some eggs, for um my salads as well. Some eggs, for um my salads as well. Some eggs, some bananas. These are for the recipe some bananas. These are for the recipe some bananas. These are for the recipe that I'm going to make right now. My that I'm going to make right now. My that I'm going to make right now. My spearmint tea. I needed to restock this. spearmint tea. I needed to restock this. spearmint tea. I needed to restock this. You guys know this one is my favorite. You guys know this one is my favorite. You guys know this one is my favorite. And then this tea that I also love when And then this tea that I also love when And then this tea that I also love when I'm having a hard time falling asleep. I'm having a hard time falling asleep. I'm having a hard time falling asleep. Here we have some popcorn and extra Here we have some popcorn and extra Here we have some popcorn and extra butter cuz this one is just the best butter cuz this one is just the best butter cuz this one is just the best one. I also got some fruits. So, one. I also got some fruits. So, one. I also got some fruits. So, raspberries, strawberries, and raspberries, strawberries, and raspberries, strawberries, and blueberries. I think strawberries is I blueberries. I think strawberries is I blueberries. I think strawberries is I mean are always part of my grocery haul. mean are always part of my grocery haul. mean are always part of my grocery haul. And then we have some bagels. And then I And then we have some bagels. And then I And then we have some bagels. And then I also got this yogurt that I'm excited to also got this yogurt that I'm excited to also got this yogurt that I'm excited to try cuz it's coconut flavor and there's try cuz it's coconut flavor and there's try cuz it's coconut flavor and there's also no sugar and always lactoseree. And also no sugar and always lactoseree. And also no sugar and always lactoseree. And then I also got my creamer for my then I also got my creamer for my then I also got my creamer for my coffee. So yeah, that's everything I got coffee. So yeah, that's everything I got coffee. So yeah, that's everything I got at the grocery store. And now I am going at the grocery store. And now I am going at the grocery store. And now I am going to start making the cookies. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. So, it's now time to do some self-care. So, it's now time to do some self-care. So, it's now time to do some self-care. I'm going to put this face LED mask on I'm going to put this face LED mask on I'm going to put this face LED mask on my face. I've been really consistent my face. I've been really consistent my face. I've been really consistent with putting this on my face, I would with putting this on my face, I would with putting this on my face, I would say, almost every single night when I say, almost every single night when I say, almost every single night when I don't forget about it. And this is not don't forget about it. And this is not don't forget about it. And this is not really the type of treatment that you're really the type of treatment that you're really the type of treatment that you're going to see results like really going to see results like really going to see results like really quickly. But one thing though that I saw quickly. But one thing though that I saw quickly. But one thing though that I saw was the texture on my face. I think it's was the texture on my face. I think it's was the texture on my face. I think it's a longterm treatment and I'm going to a longterm treatment and I'm going to a longterm treatment and I'm going to see results probably in months. But if see results probably in months. But if see results probably in months. But if you have been using this for months, let you have been using this for months, let you have been using this for months, let me know if you saw a difference, if you me know if you saw a difference, if you me know if you saw a difference, if you like it. And you have the red light and like it. And you have the red light and like it. And you have the red light and also the blue light. I love to do both. also the blue light. I love to do both. also the blue light. I love to do both. And the red light is good for wrinkles, And the red light is good for wrinkles, And the red light is good for wrinkles, for um to boost collagen, also for acne for um to boost collagen, also for acne for um to boost collagen, also for acne marks and inflammation. And then you marks and inflammation. And then you marks and inflammation. And then you have the blue light which is good for have the blue light which is good for have the blue light which is good for bacteras and also for acne. So that's bacteras and also for acne. So that's bacteras and also for acne. So that's why I love to do both. I start with the why I love to do both. I start with the why I love to do both. I start with the red light and then I switch to the blue red light and then I switch to the blue red light and then I switch to the blue light and I do 15 minutes of each. So light and I do 15 minutes of each. So light and I do 15 minutes of each. So yeah, it's kind of like my little yeah, it's kind of like my little yeah, it's kind of like my little relaxing moment before bed. And it only relaxing moment before bed. And it only relaxing moment before bed. And it only takes, as I said, 30 minutes. And I love takes, as I said, 30 minutes. And I love takes, as I said, 30 minutes. And I love to like put something in the background to like put something in the background to like put something in the background and listen to a podcast or just and listen to a podcast or just and listen to a podcast or just meditate. It's just really relaxing. And meditate. It's just really relaxing. And meditate. It's just really relaxing. And I always make sure to use a little I always make sure to use a little I always make sure to use a little cotton pad with some misteller water and cotton pad with some misteller water and cotton pad with some misteller water and just make sure it's clean cuz sometimes just make sure it's clean cuz sometimes just make sure it's clean cuz sometimes there's dust that can be accumulated on there's dust that can be accumulated on there's dust that can be accumulated on the mask. I'm going to show you like it the mask. I'm going to show you like it the mask. I'm going to show you like it just it and it's it was a little bit just it and it's it was a little bit just it and it's it was a little bit dirty. And I just do the same thing for dirty. And I just do the same thing for dirty. And I just do the same thing for my face. I make sure my face is clean my face. I make sure my face is clean my face. I make sure my face is clean always. And then after I always apply always. And then after I always apply always. And then after I always apply like a really rich moisturizer cuz I like a really rich moisturizer cuz I like a really rich moisturizer cuz I think the blue light can dry your face a think the blue light can dry your face a think the blue light can dry your face a little bit. And I do have dry skin. So little bit. And I do have dry skin. So little bit. And I do have dry skin. So always make sure to use um a really rich always make sure to use um a really rich always make sure to use um a really rich moisturizer after, especially if you do moisturizer after, especially if you do moisturizer after, especially if you do also have sensitive skin. It's also the also have sensitive skin. It's also the also have sensitive skin. It's also the Super Bowl right now and I really can't Super Bowl right now and I really can't Super Bowl right now and I really can't wait to watch Bud Bunny on TV. It's one wait to watch Bud Bunny on TV. It's one wait to watch Bud Bunny on TV. It's one of my favorite artists. So I really of my favorite artists. So I really of my favorite artists. So I really can't wait to watch the Alfime show, but can't wait to watch the Alfime show, but can't wait to watch the Alfime show, but I also want to watch Bridgetton. I've I also want to watch Bridgetton. I've I also want to watch Bridgetton. I've already watched like the first 15 already watched like the first 15 already watched like the first 15 minutes of the first episode, but I minutes of the first episode, but I minutes of the first episode, but I think I'm just going to restart uh the think I'm just going to restart uh the think I'm just going to restart uh the episode so I can just be really focused episode so I can just be really focused episode so I can just be really focused and have my moment of watching and have my moment of watching and have my moment of watching Bridgeten. And also let me know if you Bridgeten. And also let me know if you Bridgeten. And also let me know if you are a Bridgeten fan, if you have watched are a Bridgeten fan, if you have watched are a Bridgeten fan, if you have watched the show. I would say I think my the show. I would say I think my the show. I would say I think my favorite season was season two, then it favorite season was season two, then it favorite season was season two, then it was season 1. I mean, I really loved was season 1. I mean, I really loved was season 1. I mean, I really loved season two and one. I can't really season two and one. I can't really season two and one. I can't really choose which one is my favorite. I think choose which one is my favorite. I think choose which one is my favorite. I think it was season 2 just because I think it it was season 2 just because I think it it was season 2 just because I think it was a little bit more intense. But at was a little bit more intense. But at was a little bit more intense. But at the same time, I really loved season 1. the same time, I really loved season 1. the same time, I really loved season 1. I'm going to say season 2 first, then I'm going to say season 2 first, then I'm going to say season 2 first, then season 1. And then season 3 was not season 1. And then season 3 was not season 1. And then season 3 was not really my favorite, but I still enjoyed really my favorite, but I still enjoyed really my favorite, but I still enjoyed it. But I think season 4 might be before it. But I think season 4 might be before it. But I think season 4 might be before season 3. And we'll see if it's as good season 3. And we'll see if it's as good season 3. And we'll see if it's as good as season 1 or season 2. I don't think as season 1 or season 2. I don't think as season 1 or season 2. I don't think it's going to top season 2 cuz season 2 it's going to top season 2 cuz season 2 it's going to top season 2 cuz season 2 was really my favorite, honestly. It was was really my favorite, honestly. It was was really my favorite, honestly. It was just so so good. So, anyways, I really just so so good. So, anyways, I really just so so good. So, anyways, I really can't wait to watch season 4. First, I'm can't wait to watch season 4. First, I'm can't wait to watch season 4. First, I'm going to do this face LED mask. And I going to do this face LED mask. And I going to do this face LED mask. And I love to just close my eyes cuz my eyes love to just close my eyes cuz my eyes love to just close my eyes cuz my eyes are kind of sensitive. So, the red light are kind of sensitive. So, the red light are kind of sensitive. So, the red light is a little bit brighter, I would say. is a little bit brighter, I would say. is a little bit brighter, I would say. But the blue light, it doesn't matter. But the blue light, it doesn't matter. But the blue light, it doesn't matter. Sometimes I'm on my phone just watching Sometimes I'm on my phone just watching Sometimes I'm on my phone just watching TV. But with the red light, I love to TV. But with the red light, I love to TV. But with the red light, I love to close my eyes cuz, as I said, it's a close my eyes cuz, as I said, it's a close my eyes cuz, as I said, it's a little bit brighter and my eyes are just little bit brighter and my eyes are just little bit brighter and my eyes are just more sensitive to red light, I guess. more sensitive to red light, I guess. more sensitive to red light, I guess. So, so I'm going to do the red light So, so I'm going to do the red light So, so I'm going to do the red light now. And I am freezing right now for now. And I am freezing right now for now. And I am freezing right now for some reason. And I'm going to put my some reason. And I'm going to put my some reason. And I'm going to put my robe on. I'm always either in my PJs or robe on. I'm always either in my PJs or robe on. I'm always either in my PJs or in a robe. I'm just a girl who is always in a robe. I'm just a girl who is always in a robe. I'm just a girl who is always cold. So, we just switched to the blue light So, we just switched to the blue light So, we just switched to the blue light and now I can talk and see. And also, my and now I can talk and see. And also, my and now I can talk and see. And also, my cat just joined me for this little cat just joined me for this little cat just joined me for this little self-care moment. But if you guys didn't self-care moment. But if you guys didn't self-care moment. But if you guys didn't know, I struggle with PIIE, which is know, I struggle with PIIE, which is know, I struggle with PIIE, which is post-inflammatory arythemma. I finally post-inflammatory arythemma. I finally post-inflammatory arythemma. I finally know how to say it, but basically, it's know how to say it, but basically, it's know how to say it, but basically, it's a scar left by acne. And it is going to a scar left by acne. And it is going to a scar left by acne. And it is going to fade with time, but sometimes it is fade with time, but sometimes it is fade with time, but sometimes it is going to take forever. And it's so going to take forever. And it's so going to take forever. And it's so annoying because when I have a pimple, I annoying because when I have a pimple, I annoying because when I have a pimple, I know um there's going to be a scar after know um there's going to be a scar after know um there's going to be a scar after and then I treat my scar, but then and then I treat my scar, but then and then I treat my scar, but then there's another pimple and then another there's another pimple and then another there's another pimple and then another scar. So, everything just happens all scar. So, everything just happens all scar. So, everything just happens all over again and it repeats itself. So, over again and it repeats itself. So, over again and it repeats itself. So, yeah, it's kind of annoying, but I guess yeah, it's kind of annoying, but I guess yeah, it's kind of annoying, but I guess it's something that I hope I'm going to it's something that I hope I'm going to it's something that I hope I'm going to be able to treat really soon cuz it's be able to treat really soon cuz it's be able to treat really soon cuz it's been forever that I have this and I hope been forever that I have this and I hope been forever that I have this and I hope this face deep face mask is going to this face deep face mask is going to this face deep face mask is going to help. And there's also other ingredients help. And there's also other ingredients help. And there's also other ingredients that I've been really loving and just that I've been really loving and just that I've been really loving and just things that has helped me so much with things that has helped me so much with things that has helped me so much with my acne. And I actually made a list on my acne. And I actually made a list on my acne. And I actually made a list on my phone to tell you guys. So, first my phone to tell you guys. So, first my phone to tell you guys. So, first thing that has helped me was to remove thing that has helped me was to remove thing that has helped me was to remove any irritating product like exfoliating any irritating product like exfoliating any irritating product like exfoliating too much. And I always use a gentle too much. And I always use a gentle too much. And I always use a gentle cleanser. The one from Cetaphil is cleanser. The one from Cetaphil is cleanser. The one from Cetaphil is honestly my favorite. I've been using honestly my favorite. I've been using honestly my favorite. I've been using this for years now. And as I said, I this for years now. And as I said, I this for years now. And as I said, I always make sure to use a really rich always make sure to use a really rich always make sure to use a really rich moisturizer, especially if you do have moisturizer, especially if you do have moisturizer, especially if you do have sensitive skin or dry skin during winter sensitive skin or dry skin during winter sensitive skin or dry skin during winter as well. And then in the morning I as well. And then in the morning I as well. And then in the morning I always make sure to use SPF because that always make sure to use SPF because that always make sure to use SPF because that help for rosacea which I'm also help for rosacea which I'm also help for rosacea which I'm also struggling with sometimes. And then when struggling with sometimes. And then when struggling with sometimes. And then when it comes to ingredients the first one is it comes to ingredients the first one is it comes to ingredients the first one is nioinamide. I've been also using this nioinamide. I've been also using this nioinamide. I've been also using this for years now and it helps to fade my for years now and it helps to fade my for years now and it helps to fade my scars. So I use it almost every single scars. So I use it almost every single scars. So I use it almost every single night. And then there's also another one night. And then there's also another one night. And then there's also another one which is kind of new I would say that which is kind of new I would say that which is kind of new I would say that I've been adding into my routine for the I've been adding into my routine for the I've been adding into my routine for the past months. It's Santella Aiatica and past months. It's Santella Aiatica and past months. It's Santella Aiatica and that is good for inflammation to calm that is good for inflammation to calm that is good for inflammation to calm irritation, red marks and all of that. irritation, red marks and all of that. irritation, red marks and all of that. And I've been really loving this And I've been really loving this And I've been really loving this ingredient. And then the other one is ingredient. And then the other one is ingredient. And then the other one is also aelic acid which this is like maybe also aelic acid which this is like maybe also aelic acid which this is like maybe stronger I would say. And you can and stronger I would say. And you can and stronger I would say. And you can and also get the medical prescription if you also get the medical prescription if you also get the medical prescription if you need like a stronger formula and I need like a stronger formula and I need like a stronger formula and I actually have one and I really love it actually have one and I really love it actually have one and I really love it as well. And then there's another as well. And then there's another as well. And then there's another product that I bought recently which is product that I bought recently which is product that I bought recently which is the medicube serum. So, I'm not sure the medicube serum. So, I'm not sure the medicube serum. So, I'm not sure exactly what's the name, but I've got a exactly what's the name, but I've got a exactly what's the name, but I've got a lot of question asking me if I loved lot of question asking me if I loved lot of question asking me if I loved this serum. It's the Medicube PDRN Pink this serum. It's the Medicube PDRN Pink this serum. It's the Medicube PDRN Pink Peptide Serum. And this serum is Peptide Serum. And this serum is Peptide Serum. And this serum is supposed to help with your skin glow and supposed to help with your skin glow and supposed to help with your skin glow and also for acne, acne marks and all of also for acne, acne marks and all of also for acne, acne marks and all of that, but I would say that I'm not that, but I would say that I'm not that, but I would say that I'm not really consistent with using this really consistent with using this really consistent with using this product. So, I really need to use it product. So, I really need to use it product. So, I really need to use it more and then give you guys my opinions. more and then give you guys my opinions. more and then give you guys my opinions. But, um, I think I'm just going to But, um, I think I'm just going to But, um, I think I'm just going to finish the bottle and then tell you guys finish the bottle and then tell you guys finish the bottle and then tell you guys if I like it. So, yeah. I think it just if I like it. So, yeah. I think it just if I like it. So, yeah. I think it just takes time and consistency when it comes takes time and consistency when it comes takes time and consistency when it comes to the products that you use and also uh to the products that you use and also uh to the products that you use and also uh some treatments that you decide to make some treatments that you decide to make some treatments that you decide to make depending on your skin type. But for depending on your skin type. But for depending on your skin type. But for now, I'm trusting on this face LED mask now, I'm trusting on this face LED mask now, I'm trusting on this face LED mask and we'll see. I'm just going to wait and we'll see. I'm just going to wait and we'll see. I'm just going to wait for it to finish. Then it's probably for it to finish. Then it's probably for it to finish. Then it's probably going to be time to watch the halftime going to be time to watch the halftime going to be time to watch the halftime show and then we're going to make some show and then we're going to make some show and then we're going to make some tea and then we're going to watch tea and then we're going to watch tea and then we're going to watch Bridgeten. Are you