Mom liked it. Let us go. I am
unboxing it. Then I will show you.
What have I got? This is your Teej
gift.
Oh wow. I had a lot of fun. Keep bringing it. Sometimes
rings, sometimes ear rings.
You could have given it to me yesterday itself. I would have worn it on Teej.
You look at my looks, I don't look like the
mother of 10 children. Brother, I am also a member of this house.
Kajal
went to meet me in my heart.
We got married. I can't believe it.
Oye [music]
Hi everyone, look at my mehendi which I had applied on Teej, it is
on my hands,
I am getting ready again for Teej,
so today there is Teej function but she is
downstairs and has come to do her makeup today
Shruti, hello, how far have you come from, you have
come from Noida, it is not very far, you
live in Greater Noida, then I will
call you daily,
I have come from Meerut, he
is from Meerut, but we live in Greater, you
both live here, so you
stay with me. You will have to do
my makeup here every morning and evening. Ok? We have
changed the setup a bit. Look, he has put up this entire setup.
And Gopal will also help.
Gopal, will you become a makeup artist when you grow up
?
No.
You won't be able to do it. [laughter]
Brownie will go with Momma too. Diksha will also
go. We are getting ready. Look, let me
show you my outfits. So this is
mine which I had to wear today at Poonam didi's house.
But Deeksha and Poonam
didi are very hot. [laughter]
Wearing it.
Wearing hava.
He said you should also wear heavy clothes. So I
will wear this tomorrow. This is my lehenga. Ok? This
saree belongs to Deeksha. I am going to wear this for my brother's
birthday which is
coming up.
These are the dupattas for her lehenga and suit.
So it's going on like this. There is a daily function and
I am enjoying it a lot. I enjoy it daily.
Meaning, something or the other happens somewhere
and if Teej is going on then it continues. She is leaving. She is leaving. So I am
enjoying it. I
enjoyed it brother.
I want to apply mehndi. You know,
I didn't have time yesterday. There was a Teej
function at home. But whatever happens tomorrow or
today will happen. Whenever I get time, I will
apply mehndi. Because I love applying mehndi.
Look, my almost makeup is done.
Now just need to apply the lash. This is this fellowship. I
just have to apply lipstick. I have applied very light makeup
today. Look brother, I am ready. Let me
show you my outfit and it's ready.
Welcome back guys. Welcome back. You guys should
tell me because I am
making videos today after five days.
All the videos you saw were backup ones. Everything is
over now. Now today
I have picked up the camera after five days, I
mean the blogging people in it. Otherwise, when I am
unwell, someone or the other comes and makes a vlog. It is a
different matter that you are visible.
But today I am feeling so much better.
Come, let me show it to Lakhan.
Then daddy came to me first. I came running.
Wow Punjabi
Punjabi, where is he from?
What is? He is a Punjabi.
Kind of
beautiful, you are looking very beautiful. Parrot. She looks exactly like a parrot.
Where is the parrot color in this?
That of the parrot is green and that of the parrot is red.
Actually, today I
scolded Lakhan a lot in the morning that Lakhan, I would have been ready yesterday.
You didn't say anything to me, you didn't do anything.
That's why Lakhan has said so much just now.
Laksh, you are very smart. It was
too much.
How are we looking?
Today I am fine after so many days. Look at this
but tell me how did you like it?
Very handsome man. Guys, please
comment once, you see, these are very good.
Okay, and the rest you remember from yesterday's vlog.
Look, it doesn't matter to me. No matter
how beautiful, good or dirty someone speaks.
But it will make a difference to me when you
praise me. Bus.
Ishq [Music] wala. I do it only
to one woman. All
a married woman wants is for her husband to
praise her. And he doesn't care about anyone.
How do I look?
Hey, stay like this.
Our Savitri didi has also come here.
Very nice, very nice.
Oh wow, I am getting such a small one.
Yes.
No, this is not mine or yours, this is what God is saying.
Yes.
But I didn't put anything fake. It
looks great. Are you
looking good?
This is your Teej gift.
This is my Teej gift.
Oh wow. This is a complete peacock. I had a lot of
fun.
Found the peacock ring. You could have given it to me yesterday itself.
I would have worn it on Teej. Teej is tomorrow.
Guys, take a look how she looks.
Beautiful
and matched the nail paint.
Yes, she looks so beautiful. It
also matched the nail paint. This green.
Completely complete.
Wow,
mom liked it. Let us go. [laughs] Keep going like this. Keep
bringing me like this. Sometimes
rings, sometimes earrings, Neetu has
given me a lot of them. You might never have seen me
wearing earrings, I wear them. She
only wears this. Look,
this lasts 24 hours.
Mom is teasing
you as if you have never seen her wearing these.
Look at it.
Look, sometimes this slips out of my hands. No, no, no.
Now do you know what I wear in my ears
sometimes?
Ok. And now whenever I
go to a party, I will wear this ring on Teej.
I will wear it on Diwali. Wherever I go to the party.
Let us see. We will see to it. Then it's
okay. Because I don't see her irritating me.
Mom, please make something like this one day. That day,
Neetu must have brought it for you,
Neetu has given me a lot of earrings, a ring, but just wear that.
Neetu has given me a lot of earrings, a
ring.
Now, on your birthday, I have thought of a gift for your birthday
too, you know?
Yes,
when I went to get this, I had a lot of
nice ones coming to me.
I said, keep this aside,
okay, tell me what are you giving me?
No, I won't tell you now, I will tell you now [laughs]. I will
tell her, on her
birthday, she will go somewhere outside and give her a
gift. This time, our birthday will be celebrated somewhere outside.
I mean, I like giving gifts to my mothers. I feel like it,
they get happy, so I like it a lot.
These mothers have made a lot of sacrifices
for us, they didn't do that in their childhood.
Yes, that's why,
look at this brother, the peacock ring is a very beautiful one.
Nice one. Guys,
tell me in the comments how well it
matches my nail polish.
Yes, Namaste, son, keep living. How are you? Just
look at my look. I don't look like this, the
mother of 10 children, my photo is looking like this. Yes, you must be
looking very big, isn't it? Very
young, I mean calling her young, very old, oh such a
dirty compliment,
I am taking all these sweets,
driver, leave the Ghevar, brother-in-law,
listen, but did you eat the Ghevar that my mother brought, did
you eat it,
which one is
this Ghevar, you know, Chandni Chowk's
Ghevar is very famous, try eating it once, it is
very famous, there is a queue for it
and this sweet of hers, base, these laddus of
hers are not good brother, but her other
sweet is very good,
this is my weakness anyway, no matter
how much writing I do, I
cannot stop eating Ghevar. The yearning is like this, isn't it?
I am looking at the sweets. What all is there here?
What is?
Really.
Good.
Type but I don't know about Maggi.
Yes, Ghevar is very tasty. I am looking at
what is there here. This is also Ghevar.
Actually Ghevar is liked in very few places.
Guys, I told mom,
mom, I will come to see what all
gifts have come tomorrow.
Where are all the gifts? I also have a gift in it.
Keep it aside. Sweet love given from the heart. Let's
see, he gave sweet love from his heart.
Oh wow, you see how beautiful these ghevars
are, didi, you guys shouldn't take this, I
also know that these will get spoiled.
I will also take two or three colourful ghevars so
that I can give them there. What do you say to the
guards in the ward, brother? Everyone is looking at me as if I am someone who I am,
brother,
I am also a member of this house, friend, I have
eaten a lot of sweets, I was waiting to
come here and eat sweets, I do
n't have much weight, eat them, I don't have much weight yet, when will I gain more
weight [laughs]
till we come, mom, I keep
looking at the photos that I put up
eat this too,
check it,
eat the mangoes, take it,
mom, the mango season is over, it's
not over yet, there are still two-four days left, these are
very good, I mean, they look cheap from the inside,
oh and look at the other piece, see this one,
mom,
okay, mom, I am going downstairs for a function, I will get that banana
mango shake made in the evening,
now me and Diksha, look, Diksha is looking so
pretty. Both of us are
absolutely ready. The party might not be over now.
We were late. [laughter] We have a
3:00 start. What time is it now since 3:00
?
What time is it now? 5 6 58
Come on brother, we have reached. Hey, there were many
ladies. You say there must be something. Come on.
Where did you learn to dance so well? It's just
Rajasthani dance. You have it better than me. But no, not
me.
pretty cool hey. Not to say very well.
And my mother in law is a big fan of yours. Thank
you. Thank you. Right now the
game is going on here and Deeksha
Deeksha is saying that I am not even married.
Why did you bring me here?
Happy teasing.
So today is the Teej festival which we are going to
celebrate.
With very lovely ladies. So welcome
back. [laughter]
I don't even know how to eat any. I have a heart.
I'm not many. Friend, write quickly,
you have to come after all friend, my
handwriting is not that good [laughs] I did
not know how to sing, now Deeksha and I
will dance,
who won, who won, you also did not write the
songs, check
these old songs, I did not know how to sing, I did
not understand what was there in all the old songs,
no,
which
song will you sing now, you sing it now
Milli is successful, take out anything in your heart, I do
not want to pull it out,
ok sorry
this [encouraging voice] my
heart is restless to meet her, her wrists are fair,
bring them to me, there will be a
courtyard of stars, I am in love, I am restless,
you will have to come after all, there will be an
excuse of rain, just see, just see what has happened to me,
what restlessness I have, what intoxication I have, there is no one as
lovely as you, no one as innocent,
you do not know done
brother I won. Now what is the second game? It was a great
game. I have never played this.
My lover,
yes, my lover is a star. I had
no idea what to do with the useless desire to meet you. Only three used to come.
I also knew only two or three and nothing else.
Now I didn't know. This is a very cool game.
All this is a lot of fun.
Interesting. Friend, we are married.
I can't believe it. It didn't happen to me.
Understood? It didn't happen to me. The
children are dancing. Now let us sit down. Come on.
Yes,
we are playing a game right now.
Whoever blew the balloon first, hey,
I wear it well. So one
heena is less, I need one.
Four paise answer,
hey, I will tell you the answer, give me that. No no, I
can't have just one more,
that will be fun,
okay, question number one,
what is Sunita's husband's name,
she said earlier [screaming voice]
okay,
what is the name of Shahrukh Khan's bungalow,
now all three of them have one. He will ask first, then
I will tell you, then he will answer.
What is the name of the capital of Indonesia?
I [screaming sound]
thank you.
Brother, I am having a lot of fun. Now let us
eat and drink something. Don't get your hair cut. Ok.
Whenever I see someone with long hair, I
tell him to please not cut his hair.
Now I have come after finishing my shoot.
By celebrating the tees. All the work is finished. By giving a
gift to mom. I have received no
more gifts yet. This was
given to me by Vandana aunty from my mother's side. But
I got other gifts too. I don't
know where he is. There were so many mean people and everyone was there.
Friend, the gifts hadn't even arrived,
Shifa was left
without them, maybe they were left
in the bin, I mean, whatever
I got, I don't know, I only have two
gifts, so I'm unboxing them,
then I'll show you what I
got, I had opened the sandhara because
I was making another reel, so mommy
gave me this suit, this is mommy's
favorite color, that's why mommy gave me this
color, by the way, this color looks good during the Sawan time, so
these are its pajamas,
and I know this is not mommy's, this is
my sister's choice because her choice is
very good, and she went shopping
for me, so this cute one, this is beautiful, is
n't it, Diksha has an eye on it, this is a suit,
I can wear it on it for Janmashtami,
and this is its dupatta, and mommy has
given me this very cute saree,
look, this is the saree, wow, this is definitely Poonam didi
's choice, right, so let me keep it away from Pretty Shiksha's eyes,
brother, the bangles are also
looking beautiful when Bihar It will last till then
and I have given this coat and pat for Lakhan,
everything was in it, I opened it in a very
dirty manner and see, I have
kept that lipstick etc. I have brought it forward.
And this was given by Vandana aunty. So let's
open this as well. Sir, how well the
packing is done. Then when it opens up, it
feels bad. This is a suit, isn't it aunty? It
is a saree.
Wow, this is a saree.
Yes, it
is a saree. And that I think is this blouse.
Yes. Thank you aunty ji. It is a very lovely
saree.
Well, this is a combination of green and pink. It's a
beautiful sight. Isn't it? This is a blouse.
Yes, this blouse. It is a
very very lovely saree. Thank you
aunty ji. And mom has also given me this bindi, lipstick,
this vermillion. This bindi,
vermilion, lipstick and all this, I am getting all these
things removed now because if you
see this house, it looks as if 36
children live here. It has become so dirty. So
this was my cute little Sinara. I also
take out bangles from it. I have just made him
sit to study and do his homework.
What is all this that I have to see?
Today is Friday. He has got homework from last Friday.
It hasn't done it yet. There were
holidays in between. It's August 15th [music].
All these things happened. So there were
holidays in between.
That was the water of Kavad. There was a lot of
[nasal sound] of everything.
So much spoilage has happened. So much has been spoiled
that I am really upset by it.
Today I asked Sir Sir randomly.
Actually, I keep asking weekly,
in a week or in two days or three days. But I
suddenly asked him whether it was snowing properly
or not. So he
said no. Ma'am, he has
n't done his homework since last Friday. I am feeling very angry.
I said I will not sleep until then, you just
look at the time. It's 11:00. I said I won't
sleep until I finish my homework.
Many people will say that this thing is not right.
But let me tell you, when we were
young, we also used to have such nightmares
and it is very important for this thing to happen. Otherwise it will keep getting
worse like this. It's been a week since he has
n't done his homework. He has no
regrets either. He is still playing and enjoying himself comfortably.
He is not even able to sleep.
I said, you are not able to sleep, right? So
read it, child. Lakhan ji's health has improved.
Deeksha has gone from her movie,
I have come back at 11:30, I have come
from outside today. It's 12 o'clock.
What time is it?
12:00 I was waiting for you. I was
waiting.
Look at this. Look who is with me?
You have not slept with Kuku for four days,
nor with me.
I am liking her a lot.
My cookie because Dally sleeps with Papa. Here's
Brown,
and she's not sleeping yet.
Actually, what is happening right now is that Lakhan is
not well. The doctor told Lakhan
not to sleep in AC. So Lakhan has kept the AC on right now.
I was sleeping with Gopal for two days.
Then right now I am sleeping next to Deeksha.
Because I am not able to sleep alone
and Gopal wakes up at night and creates a ruckus.
You are very scared that he will wake up someday, say something or do something. So I said,
you bring this with me, I can't sleep with it.
I should just sleep after initiation. I have
enough of it.
You must be sleeping well without me.
very nice.
Tell me honestly, are you missing me?
Oh, I wake up at night and cry a lot. I am able to
sleep only for four hours.
Let's audio. This is the only
difference between our night and yours.
You have passed away sleeping. I have passed through crying.
Guys sorry for this. But as I
told you in the previous vlogs, those who have
not yet pressed the bell notification, press it. The one who has done it should
not press it, otherwise it should happen
again, then press it guys.
Okay and if you haven't subscribed to the channel then do
that too. Thank you so much. Give me a like, bye.
