Hey guys, you and I both have been Hey guys, you and I both have been Hey guys, you and I both have been waiting for this video for far too long. waiting for this video for far too long. waiting for this video for far too long. Today is Thursday, August 28th. My Today is Thursday, August 28th. My Today is Thursday, August 28th. My flight back to Brown is on August 31st, flight back to Brown is on August 31st, flight back to Brown is on August 31st, which is this upcoming Sunday. I have which is this upcoming Sunday. I have which is this upcoming Sunday. I have not started packing at all. I actually not started packing at all. I actually not started packing at all. I actually just finished editing one of my New York just finished editing one of my New York just finished editing one of my New York vlogs, but the packing must commence. vlogs, but the packing must commence. vlogs, but the packing must commence. For context, I'm a rising junior at For context, I'm a rising junior at For context, I'm a rising junior at Brown University. I live in Southern Brown University. I live in Southern Brown University. I live in Southern California, so it is quite the trek to California, so it is quite the trek to California, so it is quite the trek to get to Providence, Rhode Island every get to Providence, Rhode Island every get to Providence, Rhode Island every single time. But because I am a rising single time. But because I am a rising single time. But because I am a rising junior, I have a lot of things stored in junior, I have a lot of things stored in junior, I have a lot of things stored in Providence. And because I've done two Providence. And because I've done two Providence. And because I've done two rounds of moving in and moving out, I'd rounds of moving in and moving out, I'd rounds of moving in and moving out, I'd like to think I got a lot better at it. like to think I got a lot better at it. like to think I got a lot better at it. Freshman year, my parents both came with Freshman year, my parents both came with Freshman year, my parents both came with me. Sophomore year, my mom came with me. me. Sophomore year, my mom came with me. me. Sophomore year, my mom came with me. And then this year, my brother's And then this year, my brother's And then this year, my brother's actually coming with me. I'm still actually coming with me. I'm still actually coming with me. I'm still drumming this here because I've drumming this here because I've drumming this here because I've >> Can you be quiet? I'm vlogging. >> Can you be quiet? I'm vlogging. >> Can you be quiet? I'm vlogging. >> Hey, vlog. If yall don't know, Irene's >> Hey, vlog. If yall don't know, Irene's >> Hey, vlog. If yall don't know, Irene's room is actually so dirty. It's never room is actually so dirty. It's never room is actually so dirty. It's never messy. messy. messy. >> It's not how she She's not how she >> It's not how she She's not how she >> It's not how she She's not how she presents herself. presents herself. presents herself. >> Anyways, I think I have gotten better at >> Anyways, I think I have gotten better at >> Anyways, I think I have gotten better at packing. So, I've been pushing it off packing. So, I've been pushing it off packing. So, I've been pushing it off longer than I usually do. But, I have a longer than I usually do. But, I have a longer than I usually do. But, I have a pretty packed schedule on Friday, pretty packed schedule on Friday, pretty packed schedule on Friday, Saturday, Sunday, which means I kind of Saturday, Sunday, which means I kind of Saturday, Sunday, which means I kind of only have tonight and then like tomorrow only have tonight and then like tomorrow only have tonight and then like tomorrow morning afternoon to pack my whole life morning afternoon to pack my whole life morning afternoon to pack my whole life together. I'm going abroad in the together. I'm going abroad in the together. I'm going abroad in the spring, which means I'm going to have to spring, which means I'm going to have to spring, which means I'm going to have to move out at the end of this semester, so move out at the end of this semester, so move out at the end of this semester, so I don't need to pack too much. Yeah, the I don't need to pack too much. Yeah, the I don't need to pack too much. Yeah, the beginning of this vlog will just be me beginning of this vlog will just be me beginning of this vlog will just be me packing everything and then we will fly packing everything and then we will fly packing everything and then we will fly out back to campus. Hey guys, it's the out back to campus. Hey guys, it's the out back to campus. Hey guys, it's the next day. It's Friday, so I actually next day. It's Friday, so I actually next day. It's Friday, so I actually didn't end up packing anything didn't end up packing anything didn't end up packing anything yesterday. So, I basically only have yesterday. So, I basically only have yesterday. So, I basically only have today to finish everything up. I do go today to finish everything up. I do go today to finish everything up. I do go on a little shopping spree with the on a little shopping spree with the on a little shopping spree with the excuse of going back to school. So, I excuse of going back to school. So, I excuse of going back to school. So, I have a small haul. Okay, we're going to have a small haul. Okay, we're going to have a small haul. Okay, we're going to go through this quick. Okay, so from go through this quick. Okay, so from go through this quick. Okay, so from Paxon Brandy, the first thing I got is Paxon Brandy, the first thing I got is Paxon Brandy, the first thing I got is the tank that I wore yesterday. I also the tank that I wore yesterday. I also the tank that I wore yesterday. I also got these shorts, but I mainly got these got these shorts, but I mainly got these got these shorts, but I mainly got these as PJs from Garage. I got another cami as PJs from Garage. I got another cami as PJs from Garage. I got another cami tank. This is a navy. I adore these. I tank. This is a navy. I adore these. I tank. This is a navy. I adore these. I want to grow a little collection of want to grow a little collection of want to grow a little collection of these just because I do reach for them these just because I do reach for them these just because I do reach for them super often. I also got this top from super often. I also got this top from super often. I also got this top from Garage and it ties in the back and it's Garage and it ties in the back and it's Garage and it ties in the back and it's like open back. I kind of avoid denim like open back. I kind of avoid denim like open back. I kind of avoid denim skirts, but this one was actually pretty skirts, but this one was actually pretty skirts, but this one was actually pretty comfortable and I loved the pocket comfortable and I loved the pocket comfortable and I loved the pocket detailing. And then lastly from detailing. And then lastly from detailing. And then lastly from Hollister, I just got this white Hollister, I just got this white Hollister, I just got this white sweater. It's cable knit. I thought the sweater. It's cable knit. I thought the sweater. It's cable knit. I thought the little Hollister logo was very early little Hollister logo was very early little Hollister logo was very early 2000's core. I feel like Abberrombie 2000's core. I feel like Abberrombie 2000's core. I feel like Abberrombie also did this and I kind of love it. And also did this and I kind of love it. And also did this and I kind of love it. And then also the glasses that I wore then also the glasses that I wore then also the glasses that I wore yesterday, these are from Idea Optics, yesterday, these are from Idea Optics, yesterday, these are from Idea Optics, but I worked with them on TikTok and but I worked with them on TikTok and but I worked with them on TikTok and Instagram, but these are my new blue Instagram, but these are my new blue Instagram, but these are my new blue light glasses because I lost the ones light glasses because I lost the ones light glasses because I lost the ones I've been using in Brooklyn when I was I've been using in Brooklyn when I was I've been using in Brooklyn when I was back in New York. So, I was glad that back in New York. So, I was glad that back in New York. So, I was glad that they reached out. All right, that's the they reached out. All right, that's the they reached out. All right, that's the haul. Let's get packing now. the one in my cr. the one in my cr. the one in my cr. >> All right. I have to fold all this and >> All right. I have to fold all this and >> All right. I have to fold all this and then I'm going to try to put them in then I'm going to try to put them in then I'm going to try to put them in vacuum seal bags. vacuum seal bags. vacuum seal bags. If you guys travel a lot or if you're a If you guys travel a lot or if you're a If you guys travel a lot or if you're a college student who has to just move college student who has to just move college student who has to just move back and forth all the time, I'm telling back and forth all the time, I'm telling back and forth all the time, I'm telling you, vacuum sealed bags have saved my you, vacuum sealed bags have saved my you, vacuum sealed bags have saved my life. Yes, your suitcase ends up really life. Yes, your suitcase ends up really life. Yes, your suitcase ends up really heavy, but that's the only way you'll heavy, but that's the only way you'll heavy, but that's the only way you'll fit your life into a couple suitcases. fit your life into a couple suitcases. fit your life into a couple suitcases. But yeah, if you're not on that already, But yeah, if you're not on that already, But yeah, if you're not on that already, you got to get on it. you got to get on it. you got to get on it. foreign. Heat. The poor dam Oh, you Bye. Oh, you Bye. Oh, you Bye. >> We are at the airport, but we're too >> We are at the airport, but we're too >> We are at the airport, but we're too early that we can't even check in our early that we can't even check in our early that we can't even check in our bags yet. But this is my brother's first bags yet. But this is my brother's first bags yet. But this is my brother's first time coming with me to Brown. >> 6:30, flight at 9. Nowhere to check our >> 6:30, flight at 9. Nowhere to check our >> 6:30, flight at 9. Nowhere to check our bags. bags. bags. >> What's going on? >> What's going on? >> What's going on? >> Drew my heart, >> Drew my heart, >> Drew my heart, but I felt things were better now. I but I felt things were better now. I but I felt things were better now. I belong in your arms. Got a paper cup belong in your arms. Got a paper cup belong in your arms. Got a paper cup full of wine, a play of Charles Bridge full of wine, a play of Charles Bridge full of wine, a play of Charles Bridge on a side. on a side. on a side. >> I abandoned my brother and went to TSA >> I abandoned my brother and went to TSA >> I abandoned my brother and went to TSA Pre, but now I'm just waiting for him. Pre, but now I'm just waiting for him. Pre, but now I'm just waiting for him. He's picking up the suitcase and we He's picking up the suitcase and we He's picking up the suitcase and we shall take the shuttle to the gate, shall take the shuttle to the gate, shall take the shuttle to the gate, which is always annoying, but we're which is always annoying, but we're which is always annoying, but we're super early anyway, so doesn't really super early anyway, so doesn't really super early anyway, so doesn't really matter. Security done. Hope I'm not so out of line. Your point Hope I'm not so out of line. Your point Hope I'm not so out of line. Your point of view different >> guys. What the heck? Wait, this is so >> guys. What the heck? Wait, this is so >> guys. What the heck? Wait, this is so cute. How much is this, John? cute. How much is this, John? cute. How much is this, John? >> 32. >> 32. >> 32. >> 32 bucks. >> 32 bucks. >> 32 bucks. >> Who is 32 for this? >> Who is 32 for this? >> Who is 32 for this? >> We made it to our gate with an hour to >> We made it to our gate with an hour to >> We made it to our gate with an hour to spare. I'm going to do some editing. spare. I'm going to do some editing. spare. I'm going to do some editing. Tell them what you're going to do. Tell them what you're going to do. Tell them what you're going to do. >> He's going to rot on his phone. >> He's going to rot on his phone. >> He's going to rot on his phone. >> That's what I learned. and we will catch >> That's what I learned. and we will catch >> That's what I learned. and we will catch you on the flight. you on the flight. you on the flight. We're boarding. We're boarding. We're boarding. We have boarded. Is there anything you We have boarded. Is there anything you We have boarded. Is there anything you want to say? 5 hours and 45 minutes and then we land 5 hours and 45 minutes and then we land 5 hours and 45 minutes and then we land at 6:00 a.m. in Providence, Rhode at 6:00 a.m. in Providence, Rhode at 6:00 a.m. in Providence, Rhode Island. Island. Island. >> I ended up behind Irene. I don't know >> I ended up behind Irene. I don't know >> I ended up behind Irene. I don't know how this happened. how this happened. how this happened. >> How do you feel about starting junior >> How do you feel about starting junior >> How do you feel about starting junior year? year? year? >> Let's not think about it. >> Let's not think about it. >> Let's not think about it. >> We just We're just going to do it. Yeah. No. Yeah. No. Yeah. No. >> Hey guys, real quick, I'd like to thank >> Hey guys, real quick, I'd like to thank >> Hey guys, real quick, I'd like to thank Mini Me for sponsoring today's video. Mini Me for sponsoring today's video. Mini Me for sponsoring today's video. You guys can watch me decorate my new You guys can watch me decorate my new You guys can watch me decorate my new room while I talk about Mini Me. During room while I talk about Mini Me. During room while I talk about Mini Me. During my time in college, I've really noticed my time in college, I've really noticed my time in college, I've really noticed the importance of self-reflection, the importance of self-reflection, the importance of self-reflection, particularly through journaling. There's particularly through journaling. There's particularly through journaling. There's always so much going on externally and always so much going on externally and always so much going on externally and internally, and having a space that internally, and having a space that internally, and having a space that keeps you grounded is so helpful. Mini keeps you grounded is so helpful. Mini keeps you grounded is so helpful. Mini Me is a journaling and mood tracking app Me is a journaling and mood tracking app Me is a journaling and mood tracking app that supports emotional well-being by that supports emotional well-being by that supports emotional well-being by giving you a safe and private space to giving you a safe and private space to giving you a safe and private space to reflect. It remembers your past entries, reflect. It remembers your past entries, reflect. It remembers your past entries, creates prompts that actually connect creates prompts that actually connect creates prompts that actually connect with what you've written before, and with what you've written before, and with what you've written before, and provides weekly summaries that turn all provides weekly summaries that turn all provides weekly summaries that turn all of your reflections into a bigger story. of your reflections into a bigger story. of your reflections into a bigger story. Mini aims to make journaling feel Mini aims to make journaling feel Mini aims to make journaling feel natural and personal so you can better natural and personal so you can better natural and personal so you can better understand your emotions organically. understand your emotions organically. understand your emotions organically. I'll drop Mini Mi's link in the I'll drop Mini Mi's link in the I'll drop Mini Mi's link in the description if you want to check it out. description if you want to check it out. description if you want to check it out. Thank you again to Mini Me for Thank you again to Mini Me for Thank you again to Mini Me for sponsoring today's video. And let's get sponsoring today's video. And let's get sponsoring today's video. And let's get back to it. Bag secured. Now we need to go find Bag secured. Now we need to go find Bag secured. Now we need to go find Lorena. Yeah, Lorena. Yeah, Lorena. Yeah, >> we're back at Brown University. Going to >> we're back at Brown University. Going to >> we're back at Brown University. Going to get my keys real quick and then moving get my keys real quick and then moving get my keys real quick and then moving me in. But Lorena's over there with her me in. But Lorena's over there with her me in. But Lorena's over there with her car. Ti Lorena. I haven't walked this car. Ti Lorena. I haven't walked this car. Ti Lorena. I haven't walked this treacherous staircase in so long. Good treacherous staircase in so long. Good treacherous staircase in so long. Good morning. Can I pick up my keys? Thank morning. Can I pick up my keys? Thank morning. Can I pick up my keys? Thank you. up up up in your love And I got me going crazy. Someone just And I got me going crazy. Someone just And I got me going crazy. Someone just tell me why I do tell me why I do tell me why I do So So So this is this is this is >> she's helping me. >> Okay, we're finding shampoo for me. I >> Okay, we're finding shampoo for me. I >> Okay, we're finding shampoo for me. I usually get this one, but they don't usually get this one, but they don't usually get this one, but they don't have the matching shampoo, and I don't have the matching shampoo, and I don't have the matching shampoo, and I don't really like that. really like that. really like that. >> Sad. >> Sad. >> Sad. >> So, maybe we'll get this and this. >> So, maybe we'll get this and this. >> So, maybe we'll get this and this. That's what you do, right? That's what you do, right? That's what you do, right? >> Mhm. Beautiful. >> Mhm. Beautiful. >> Mhm. Beautiful. >> Not. >> Not. >> Not. >> Hey guys, this is the room. It's much >> Hey guys, this is the room. It's much >> Hey guys, this is the room. It's much smaller than last year. I think she's smaller than last year. I think she's smaller than last year. I think she's still cute. The walls are much cleaner, still cute. The walls are much cleaner, still cute. The walls are much cleaner, but we're going to start figuring out but we're going to start figuring out but we're going to start figuring out furniture and wedding stuff away. furniture and wedding stuff away. furniture and wedding stuff away. Look at me baby Look at me baby Look at me baby lonely lonely lonely baby just like a drink. baby just like a drink. baby just like a drink. You make me go crazy. All the little You make me go crazy. All the little You make me go crazy. All the little things you do. You're my teddy bear. things you do. You're my teddy bear. things you do. You're my teddy bear. Teddy bear. Teddy bear. Teddy bear. You learn about the tr You learn about the tr You learn about the tr