For the first time, For the first time, For the first time, you have taken its partner to the next stage, that is, you have already you have taken its partner to the next stage, that is, you have already you have taken its partner to the next stage, that is, you have already played, you have given me a played, you have given me a played, you have given me a lot, I don't want anything brother, you have added lot, I don't want anything brother, you have added lot, I don't want anything brother, you have added glamour to the entire party glamour to the entire party glamour to the entire party [Music] [Music ] Hello guys, good morning.  Welcome back to Hello guys, good morning.  Welcome back to Hello guys, good morning.  Welcome back to my channel.  Today is event day and I've had a shower my channel.  Today is event day and I've had a shower my channel.  Today is event day and I've had a shower and everything is still going on downstairs.  Decor, and everything is still going on downstairs.  Decor, and everything is still going on downstairs.  Decor, preparations etc.  I can't tell you how preparations etc.  I can't tell you how preparations etc.  I can't tell you how happy and excited I am right now. happy and excited I am right now. happy and excited I am right now. Luckily the weather is also very good so far. Luckily the weather is also very good so far. Luckily the weather is also very good so far. And touch wood it stays like that.  So let's go down and And touch wood it stays like that.  So let's go down and And touch wood it stays like that.  So let's go down and see a little bit of what has happened.  But the see a little bit of what has happened.  But the see a little bit of what has happened.  But the swing that has been installed is so beautifully decorated.  It swing that has been installed is so beautifully decorated.  It swing that has been installed is so beautifully decorated.  It looks very cute.  Guys, our looks very cute.  Guys, our looks very cute.  Guys, our swing has been decorated so beautifully.  I am feeling so swing has been decorated so beautifully.  I am feeling so swing has been decorated so beautifully.  I am feeling so happy.  Wow, this is my first swing of the month of Sawan. happy.  Wow, this is my first swing of the month of Sawan. happy.  Wow, this is my first swing of the month of Sawan. I am so happy. I am so happy. I am so happy. This looks so cute, man.  So This looks so cute, man.  So This looks so cute, man.  So impressed.  Friend, I am free to do my Sawan, my Teej impressed.  Friend, I am free to do my Sawan, my Teej impressed.  Friend, I am free to do my Sawan, my Teej before your guests arrive. before your guests arrive. Ok.  Ok.  Take a swing.  Our tables are also Ok.  Ok.  Take a swing.  Our tables are also Ok.  Ok.  Take a swing.  Our tables are also ready.  Guys, our makeup has started. ready.  Guys, our makeup has started. ready.  Guys, our makeup has started. My eyes are done and sister's My eyes are done and sister's My eyes are done and sister's curls are growing there.   I still have curls are growing there.   I still have curls are growing there.   I still have half of it.   It just happened half of it.   It just happened half of it.   It just happened [laughter]. [laughter]. [laughter]. Yes done. Yes done. Yes done. And as soon as we get ready, I And as soon as we get ready, I And as soon as we get ready, I think guests will start arriving in an hour or two. think guests will start arriving in an hour or two. think guests will start arriving in an hour or two. So now we will meet you ready. So now we will meet you ready. So now we will meet you ready. After the look is complete. After the look is complete. After the look is complete. My energy is decreasing.  I My energy is decreasing.  I My energy is decreasing.  I woke up so excited in the morning.  Now my energy is getting low. woke up so excited in the morning.  Now my energy is getting low. woke up so excited in the morning.  Now my energy is getting low. Then it will become high again. Then it will become high again. Then it will become high again. As soon as I see people. As soon as I see people. As soon as I see people. Look how well I am doing the Look how well I am doing the Look how well I am doing the accounting.  If there was a brother, nothing would have happened brother. accounting.  If there was a brother, nothing would have happened brother. accounting.  If there was a brother, nothing would have happened brother. Look at this.  Let me show you this.  Thank you for Look at this.  Let me show you this.  Thank you for Look at this.  Let me show you this.  Thank you for joining us and making Sandeepika's first joining us and making Sandeepika's first joining us and making Sandeepika's first EG party so special.  Your Presents Your EG party so special.  Your Presents Your EG party so special.  Your Presents Your Presents Laugh Festive Made The Celebration Presents Laugh Festive Made The Celebration Presents Laugh Festive Made The Celebration Truly Memorable.  So this is the first Teej of Saddi. Truly Memorable.  So this is the first Teej of Saddi. Truly Memorable.  So this is the first Teej of Saddi. Sandeep's first ease invitation or Sandeep's first ease invitation or Sandeep's first ease invitation or thanks message, whatever yes yes then the thanks message, whatever yes yes then the thanks message, whatever yes yes then the message thanks no.  I don't know where it is missing. message thanks no.  I don't know where it is missing. message thanks no.  I don't know where it is missing. Your first look at your vlog. Your first look at your vlog. Your first look at your vlog. Now I have a hairdo. Now I have a hairdo. Now I have a hairdo. Hair is growing.  Meaning the hair is being styled. Hair is growing.  Meaning the hair is being styled. Hair is growing.  Meaning the hair is being styled. Complete decoration was done outside also. Complete decoration was done outside also. Complete decoration was done outside also. Mother, is there any sunshine there?  It's just sunlight, right? Mother, is there any sunshine there?  It's just sunlight, right? Mother, is there any sunshine there?  It's just sunlight, right? let's right.  It is not raining.  Can't let's right.  It is not raining.  Can't let's right.  It is not raining.  Can't tolerate rain.  There will still be sunshine.  I am currently putting on tolerate rain.  There will still be sunshine.  I am currently putting on tolerate rain.  There will still be sunshine.  I am currently putting on my second scarf.  So that was the whole look. my second scarf.  So that was the whole look. my second scarf.  So that was the whole look. She has draped and made such a beautiful saree. She has draped and made such a beautiful saree. She has draped and made such a beautiful saree. You should You should You should make a video like this, like a full reel.  I know she make a video like this, like a full reel.  I know she make a video like this, like a full reel.  I know she is my friend and she is lying that it will take is my friend and she is lying that it will take is my friend and she is lying that it will take an hour and she told me long ago that she has left long ago. an hour and she told me long ago that she has left long ago. an hour and she told me long ago that she has left long ago. I called him a little early. I called him a little early. Guys, this is the same vlog in which you will not see any sound. Guys, this is the same vlog in which you will not see any sound. All preparations have been done here. All preparations have been done here. All preparations have been done here. I have brought it to show.  The bite hasn't happened yet.  Now they are saying that they have been I have brought it to show.  The bite hasn't happened yet.  Now they are saying that they have been I have brought it to show.  The bite hasn't happened yet.  Now they are saying that they have been bitten.  Where are the decoration people? bitten.  Where are the decoration people? bitten.  Where are the decoration people? How do I look?  Very nice, absolutely How do I look?  Very nice, absolutely How do I look?  Very nice, absolutely beautiful.   Thank beautiful.   Thank beautiful.   Thank you.  I will just change my lipstick now. you.  I will just change my lipstick now. you.  I will just change my lipstick now. I liked it, it looks very dark. I liked it, it looks very dark. I liked it, it looks very dark. I will get it done in pink type. I will get it done in pink type. I will get it done in pink type. Ok.  You are looking top notch brother.  Number one Ok.  You are looking top notch brother.  Number one Ok.  You are looking top notch brother.  Number one dad, how beautiful the car looks.  But it looks so dad, how beautiful the car looks.  But it looks so dad, how beautiful the car looks.  But it looks so cute and aesthetic.   A cute and aesthetic.   A cute and aesthetic.   A console table was also installed. console table was also installed. console table was also installed. That was done by me and Varsha. That was done by me and Varsha. That was done by me and Varsha. DJ DJ started.  Where is DJ DJ? DJ DJ started.  Where is DJ DJ? DJ DJ started.  Where is DJ DJ? The DJ is still there, isn't he? The DJ is still there, isn't he? The DJ is still there, isn't he? Well, they are coming along.  Carts and DJs Well, they are coming along.  Carts and DJs Well, they are coming along.  Carts and DJs maybe. maybe. maybe. Guys this is it. Guys this is it. Guys this is it. No, it looks like this. No, it looks like this. No, it looks like this. I am I am I am looking like a child.   I am looking like a child.   I am looking like a child.   I am dressed up like this today. dressed up like this today. dressed up like this today. Ok. Ok. Ok. Where is Karan?  He is not visible at all.  He is chilling upstairs. Where is Karan?  He is not visible at all.  He is chilling upstairs. Why isn't he getting ready? Why isn't he getting ready? Why isn't he getting ready? He has seen some strange movies in the street. He has seen some strange movies in the street. He has seen some strange movies in the street. I will tell you now.   It's I will tell you now.   It's I will tell you now.   It's fine now.   Ok, should I fine now.   Ok, should I fine now.   Ok, should I keep the tea here?   It will be keep the tea here?   It will be keep the tea here?   It will be wrong for us, neither will I be praised nor will we talk about anything.   Nothing. wrong for us, neither will I be praised nor will we talk about anything.   Nothing. wrong for us, neither will I be praised nor will we talk about anything.   Nothing. I told him that I am feeling chilled.  Easy Going.   Please I told him that I am feeling chilled.  Easy Going.   Please I told him that I am feeling chilled.  Easy Going.   Please give me the perfume.  You stop it.  Come on, come on. give me the perfume.  You stop it.  Come on, come on. give me the perfume.  You stop it.  Come on, come on. Now I can go upstairs.  I am tired. Now I can go upstairs.  I am tired. Now I can go upstairs.  I am tired. Yes, it is Ricky.  I've put down another glass. Yes, it is Ricky.  I've put down another glass. Yes, Ricky is sitting in the bathroom with the door locked. Yes, Ricky is sitting in the bathroom with the door locked. Yes, Ricky is sitting in the bathroom with the door locked. Oho Oho Oho Ricky.  Yes brother, Ricky.  Yes brother, Ricky.  Yes brother, your bathroom is done, it is done, your bathroom is done, it is done, your bathroom is done, it is done, open the bathroom brother, go and apply perfume, open the bathroom brother, go and apply perfume, open the bathroom brother, go and apply perfume, you you you go and apply perfume quickly, go and apply perfume quickly, go and apply perfume quickly, I am shocked to the core, you gave I am shocked to the core, you gave I am shocked to the core, you gave me water to drink, me water to drink, me water to drink, oh apply mogra sherbet oh apply mogra sherbet oh apply mogra sherbet water, ok, water, ok, water, ok, apply it there only quickly, apply it there only quickly, apply it there only quickly, I don't remember, I remind you, it is a I don't remember, I remind you, it is a sherbet type after applying it, show this, show that, sherbet type after applying it, show this, show that, sherbet type after applying it, show this, show that, friend, you gave me this dry also, don't dry it, friend, you gave me this dry also, don't dry it, friend, you gave me this dry also, don't dry it, show that, let me taste it, I will show that, let me taste it, I will show that, let me taste it, I will tell them later, so what have tell them later, so what have tell them later, so what have they given, you are making everyone drink it, friend, they given, you are making everyone drink it, friend, they given, you are making everyone drink it, friend, show everyone's camera, show everyone's camera, show everyone's camera, this is good, it tastes a little lemonade type. this is good, it tastes a little lemonade type. this is good, it tastes a little lemonade type. You open it first brother. You open it first brother. You open it first brother. What is it friend?  Don't do this here in our house. What is it friend?  Don't do this here in our house. What is it friend?  Don't do this here in our house. Why?  Why shouldn't I do it?   Don't do Why?  Why shouldn't I do it?   Don't do Why?  Why shouldn't I do it?   Don't do this.  Hello, I this.  Hello, I this.  Hello, I closed the gate today.  Imagine closed the gate today.  Imagine closed the gate today.  Imagine India's tough end.  If you do India's tough end.  If you do n't lock the gate, I want a feminine girly Blanche. n't lock the gate, I want a feminine girly Blanche. n't lock the gate, I want a feminine girly Blanche. I am applying it.  Blanche is yours upstairs.   To I am applying it.  Blanche is yours upstairs.   To I am applying it.  Blanche is yours upstairs.   To go over you.  I am going.  I am going. go over you.  I am going.  I am going. go over you.  I am going.  I am going. I am bringing it. I am bringing it. I am bringing it. Tell me more and give it to me.  I have an event, brother. Tell me more and give it to me.  I have an event, brother. Tell me more and give it to me.  I have an event, brother. Baba, Baba, Baba, you were already wearing a lot of perfume, you applied it to you were already wearing a lot of perfume, you applied it to you were already wearing a lot of perfume, you applied it to me so much, me so much, me so much, yes, don't apply anyone else's perfume like that yes, don't apply anyone else's perfume like that yes, don't apply anyone else's perfume like that [laughs] you looked so perfect brother, [laughs] you looked so perfect brother, [laughs] you looked so perfect brother, so you should apply too much, you had applied it, so you should apply too much, you had applied it, so you should apply too much, you had applied it, I haven't applied it at I haven't applied it at I haven't applied it at all today, all today, all today, you go upstairs and apply it, hey, run upstairs and apply some you go upstairs and apply it, hey, run upstairs and apply some perfume in her room, I'll show you, you'll take it the same, stay here, perfume in her room, I'll show you, you'll take it the same, stay here, I'll give it to you, I'll just spray it back, okay, I'll give it to you, I'll just spray it back, okay, I'll give it to you, I'll just spray it back, okay, why did you get shocked, as if you've entered, what do you why did you get shocked, as if you've entered, what do you why did you get shocked, as if you've entered, what do you want, want, want, I felt very bad, take it, what do you I felt very bad, take it, what do you I felt very bad, take it, what do you want, it's very stung, want, it's very stung, want, it's very stung, give it to me, yes, this should also be applied, give it to me, yes, this should also be applied, give it to me, yes, this should also be applied, Vicky, take it from the front properly, Vicky, take it from the front properly, Vicky, take it from the front properly, Baba, take it, what do you Baba, take it, what do you Baba, take it, what do you want, want, want, throw it out halfway, it feels good, don't look throw it out halfway, it feels good, don't look throw it out halfway, it feels good, don't look here and there, here and there, here and there, now I saw Handan going into Aman's eyes, now I saw Handan going into Aman's eyes, now I saw Handan going into Aman's eyes, oh brother, you have to apply a oh brother, you have to apply a oh brother, you have to apply a little, you created a little, you created a little, you created a stir, friend, I mean, friend, come on, stir, friend, I mean, friend, come on, stir, friend, I mean, friend, come on, thank you, I thank you, I thank you, I always use it, always use it, always use it, thank you, Ricky, bro, thank you, Ricky, bro, thank you, Ricky, bro, okay, this is Neetu's sister-in-law, this is Neetu's sister-in-law, this is Neetu's sister-in-law, so it's fine in this, she's so it's fine in this, she's coming right now, coming right now, coming right now, welcome, welcome, welcome, learn it, she's learn it, she's learn it, she's caught the water from the girl [laughs], it's caught the water from the girl [laughs], it's caught the water from the girl [laughs], it's okay to be with the girl okay to be with the girl okay to be with the girl Bhaiya, come on, let's go, we are following, let's come Bhaiya, come on, let's go, we are following, let's come Bhaiya, come on, let's go, we are following, let's come together Happy Tej Happy Tej Happy Tej to all of you, hi hi Happy Deep, you are looking very cute Happy Deep, you are looking very cute Gopal, Namaste, everyone told you to come, eat, Gopal, Namaste, everyone told you to come, eat, Gopal, Namaste, everyone told you to come, eat, come quickly, come quickly, come quickly, oh thank you, the thank you, the thank you, the first Sadhi, thanks for you and one more thing, first Sadhi, thanks for you and one more thing, first Sadhi, thanks for you and one more thing, open this for you, it's open this for you, it's open this for you, it's so comfortable, wow, so comfortable, wow, this is a very polki diamond, this is a very polki diamond, this is a very polki diamond, thank you, thank you, thank you, our first piece, our first piece, our first piece, thank you, so much, thank you, so much, very cute, you can wear it as daily wear, but don't put toffee on it, it's polki, right? This one is a little mean, get it kept in my room, you keep it yourself in the bag, it's not there, okay, I thought, take it, a very beautiful photo is very cute, you can wear it as daily wear, but don't put toffee on it, it's polki, right? This one is a little mean, get it kept in my room, you keep it yourself in the bag, it's not there, okay, I thought, take it, a very beautiful photo is very cute, you can wear it as daily wear, but don't put toffee on it, it's polki, right? This one is a little mean, get it kept in my room, you keep it yourself in the bag, it's not there, okay, I thought, take it, a very beautiful photo is coming, people will come, so hello coming, people will come, so hello coming, people will come, so hello aunty ji, Namaste Happy Teeth, thank you so much and lovely is Happy Teeth, thank you so much and lovely is Happy Teeth, thank you so much and lovely is Shivangi, Shivangi, you guys are also very [laughs] you guys are also very [laughs] you guys are also very [laughs] Aunty, Aunty, Aunty, you got it made from here, you got it made from here, you got it made from here, yes, it looks so beautiful, it yes, it looks so beautiful, it yes, it looks so beautiful, it looks like mother-in-law, look, it does looks like mother-in-law, look, it does looks like mother-in-law, look, it does n't look like anything, you do n't look like anything, you do n't look like anything, you do n't feel like anyone these days, times have changed, it's n't feel like anyone these days, times have changed, it's n't feel like anyone these days, times have changed, it's great, great, great, it's in a complete beach look, like it's in a complete beach look, like it's in a complete beach look, like today I was wearing green  There are today I was wearing green  There are today I was wearing green  There are such people living in Italy, such people living in Italy, such people living in Italy, nice, nice, nice, I am saying this, it has completely affected you, you are I am saying this, it has completely affected you, you are I am saying this, it has completely affected you, you are fond of photos and videos, it has affected you, yes, it has fond of photos and videos, it has affected you, yes, it has completely affected you, it should be, completely affected you, it should be, completely affected you, it should be, beautiful beautiful children, Sundarandar, beautiful beautiful children, Sundarandar, beautiful beautiful children, Sundarandar, so many beautiful beautiful children have come to our so many beautiful beautiful children have come to our so many beautiful beautiful children have come to our house, beautiful beautiful children have come, how are you, you have house, beautiful beautiful children have come, how are you, you have house, beautiful beautiful children have come, how are you, you have cut your hair cute, cut your hair cute, cut your hair cute, you have become even more cute [nasal sound] you have become even more cute [nasal sound] you have become even more cute [nasal sound] than before, do you remember the than before, do you remember the than before, do you remember the last time you had a funny chocolate, ours was last time you had a funny chocolate, ours was last time you had a funny chocolate, ours was yes, I will get it for you, now don't ask me, yes, I will get it for you, now don't ask me, yes, I will get it for you, now don't ask me, ask them right now, ask them right now, ask them right now, hi, hey hi, hey hi, hey bhaiya, bhaiya, bhaiya, come on, bhaiya got come on, bhaiya got come on, bhaiya got scared, angry, scared, angry, scared, angry, hey bhaiya, come on, from hi, from hello, shake, that, hey bhaiya, come on, from hi, from hello, shake, that, look, I have to shake hands, look, I have to shake hands, look, I have to shake hands, she is your friend, okay, she is your friend, okay, she is your friend, okay, friend Jinisha is your friend, where are you going, she is friend Jinisha is your friend, where are you going, she is friend Jinisha is your friend, where are you going, she is calling you, calling you, calling you, take you inside, we are take you inside, we are take you inside, we are not bothered, one, oh no, not bothered, one, oh no, not bothered, one, oh no, both are different, we will give it to you like this here [laughs] both are different, we will give it to you like this here [laughs] both are different, we will give it to you like this here [laughs] time is like this, time is like this, time is like this, Happy did, some lie is pish, some time is right. Happy did, some lie is pish, some time is right. Happy did, some lie is pish, some time is right. Oh wow yes yes I know Oh wow yes yes I know Oh wow yes yes I know thank you so much hello guys thank you so much hello guys thank you so much hello guys one second one second one second happy Teej guys happy Teej guys happy Teej guys now everyone is getting mehendi applied inside and it's so much now everyone is getting mehendi applied inside and it's so much now everyone is getting mehendi applied inside and it's so much fun I can't tell you fun I can't tell you fun I can't tell you everyone is coming, meeting, wishing everyone is coming, meeting, wishing everyone is coming, meeting, wishing each other Happy Teej they're having a lot of fun I've found each other Happy Teej they're having a lot of fun I've found each other Happy Teej they're having a lot of fun I've found love love yes I was just yes I was just yes I was just following you [laughs] following you [laughs] following you [laughs] brother told me about you brother told me about you brother told me about you someone told me about you since he someone told me about you since he someone told me about you since he came here he's only eating he has came here he's only eating he has came here he's only eating he has n't even asked the guests once if they want to eat something n't even asked the guests once if they want to eat something n't even asked the guests once if they want to eat something this is going on see me eating this is going on see me eating this is going on see me eating what's going on there is a third thing in your account my what's going on there is a third thing in your account my what's going on there is a third thing in your account my day will be later oh day will be later oh no [laughs] it was very nice very nice very nice oh just now you're oh just now you're oh just now you're giving me giving me giving me food and drink there's nothing like that listen to me there's nothing I have food and drink there's nothing like that listen to me there's nothing I have n't brought anything do it like blessings I have n't brought anything do it like blessings I have n't brought anything do it like blessings I have n't brought anything today na I had nothing n't brought anything today na I had nothing n't brought anything today na I had nothing already given a lot I don't want anything like that I already given a lot I don't want anything like that I already given a lot I don't want anything like that I know what to say oh it's less give more oh know what to say oh it's less give more oh give more aunty give more aunty give more aunty no ask again aunty it's less you should no ask again aunty it's less you should no ask again aunty it's less you should ask for more aunty it's looking less ask for more aunty it's looking less ask for more aunty it's looking less you should do this son you'll get chocolate  This is my son you'll get chocolate  This is my son you'll get chocolate  This is my favourite dialogue in this, favourite dialogue in this, favourite dialogue in this, look mummy, look what a bhai, you have spiced up the whole party, bhai, you have spiced up the whole party, bhai, you have spiced up the whole party, take it brother, she has become take it brother, she has become take it brother, she has become everyone's favourite, I am becoming that, I am getting everyone's favourite, I am becoming that, I am getting everyone's favourite, I am becoming that, I am getting angry with you, come on, she is feeling angry with you, come on, she is feeling angry with you, come on, she is feeling so good, really, really, so good, really, really, so good, really, really, we have successfully organised a party at home, I am we have successfully organised a party at home, I am we have successfully organised a party at home, I am happy, it is happy, it is my first party, my first party, my first party, what are they giving me, don't refuse them, what are they giving me, don't refuse them, what are they giving me, don't refuse them, hey, she has already shown her face, it is the hey, she has already shown her face, it is the hey, she has already shown her face, it is the first thing for a daughter-in-law, all these things happened first thing for a daughter-in-law, all these things happened first thing for a daughter-in-law, all these things happened before me, that is why she is a before me, that is why she is a before me, that is why she is a mother-in-law, so the first thing is mother-in-law, so the first thing is mother-in-law, so the first thing is aunty, yes she will give it to you, right now, I aunty, yes she will give it to you, right now, I aunty, yes she will give it to you, right now, I came on Rakshabandhan, I will came on Rakshabandhan, I will came on Rakshabandhan, I will bring its tiles, it was bring its tiles, it was your function, that's why I am coming, you your function, that's why I am coming, you your function, that's why I am coming, you know, you are waiting, right, I am know, you are waiting, right, I am know, you are waiting, right, I am going in the morning, going in the morning, going in the morning, why will you leave in the morning, friend, wait, she is spending time, there is a session day after tomorrow, from day after tomorrow why will you leave in the morning, friend, wait, she is spending time, there is a session day after tomorrow, from day after tomorrow she will eat, she is a she will eat, she is a she will eat, she is a fat girl, it is fat girl, it is fat girl, it is like a toy up there, she is supportive like a toy, she like a toy up there, she is supportive like a toy, she like a toy up there, she is supportive like a toy, she cries, she is doing this for you, she is cries, she is doing this for you, she is so cute, take her in your lap, she doesn't do so cute, take her in your lap, she doesn't do so cute, take her in your lap, she doesn't do much, she doesn't do much, she doesn't do much, she doesn't do anything, she is coming with so much love, anything, she is coming with so much love, anything, she is coming with so much love, first she is coming first she is coming first she is coming here, I love her a lot  Give support here, here, I love her a lot  Give support here, here, I love her a lot  Give support here, yes listen yes listen yes listen listen, listen, listen, this is mamu, this is mamu, this is mamu, such a cute girl, I swear, touchwood, friend, she comes to everyone, does not say anything, everyone, does not say anything, everyone, does not say anything, keeps playing with so much love, look, do it like this, I am coming, I am coming, keeps playing with so much love, look, do it like this, I am coming, I am coming, keeps playing with so much love, look, do it like this, I am coming, I am coming, now you now you now you bring her partner till the next stage.  Who did they bring her partner till the next stage.  Who did they bring her partner till the next stage.  Who did they play with? play with? play with? Yes brother, Yes brother, Yes brother, I know this therapy.   If you I know this therapy.   If you I know this therapy.   If you open Oye Oye then open Oye Oye then open Oye Oye then you must be enjoying it.   Yes, you must be enjoying it.   Yes, you must be enjoying it.   Yes, I like it. I like it. I like it. Yes, everyone says the same thing.   Isn't it Yes, everyone says the same thing.   Isn't it Yes, everyone says the same thing.   Isn't it ? ? ? Your face is less visible in this.  More like brother-in-law. Your face is less visible in this.  More like brother-in-law. Your face is less visible in this.  More like brother-in-law. Everyone says the same thing.   It is hitting Everyone says the same thing.   It is hitting Everyone says the same thing.   It is hitting brother-in-law only.  Say. brother-in-law only.  Say. brother-in-law only.  Say. Karan talks the whole time.  I want to be a girl Karan talks the whole time.  I want to be a girl Karan talks the whole time.  I want to be a girl dad.  Became a girl dad.  Girl dad means dad.  Became a girl dad.  Girl dad means dad.  Became a girl dad.  Girl dad means best, right?  Yes, no, yes, there was no best, right?  Yes, no, yes, there was no best, right?  Yes, no, yes, there was no one there, I want girls, one there, I want girls, one there, I want girls, then then then they seem to trouble me a lot [laughs] Girls love their fathers only, I am Girls love their fathers only, I am Girls love their fathers only, I am lucky, if she gets in a bad lucky, if she gets in a bad lucky, if she gets in a bad mood or is stressed, she will mood or is stressed, she will mood or is stressed, she will laugh like this, and we get very happy. laugh like this, and we get very happy. Now look, she is singing her song like this these days, she has Now look, she is singing her song like this these days, she has Now look, she is singing her song like this these days, she has started talking a little bit like this, she is feeling a bit missing from she is feeling a bit missing from she is feeling a bit missing from inside, inside, inside, mom, then you bring my partner, get your mom, then you bring my partner, get your mom, then you bring my partner, get your face washed, is face washed, is face washed, is n't it at home, right now I will ask his wife to kiss him, he has applied n't it at home, right now I will ask his wife to kiss him, he has applied n't it at home, right now I will ask his wife to kiss him, he has applied lipstick here, no, no, lipstick here, no, no, lipstick here, no, no, with his pipe, right now my wife will give him a soft kiss, with his pipe, right now my wife will give him a soft kiss, with his pipe, right now my wife will give him a soft kiss, though we didn't do anything physically, so I don't though we didn't do anything physically, so I don't though we didn't do anything physically, so I don't tell you, not a tell you, not a tell you, not a lot, and aunty also said something lot, and aunty also said something lot, and aunty also said something very nice, Raunak, very nice, Raunak, very nice, Raunak, I am so happy that Vishu didi has come, I did I am so happy that Vishu didi has come, I did I am so happy that Vishu didi has come, I did not think that she would not think that she would not think that she would come from such a far distance, she came, she came, I am so happy, she came at come from such a far distance, she came, she came, I am so happy, she came at come from such a far distance, she came, she came, I am so happy, she came at 11 o'clock at night, I am 11 o'clock at night, I am 11 o'clock at night, I am so happy, really, she came early in the middle of the so happy, really, she came early in the middle of the so happy, really, she came early in the middle of the night, at 11 o'clock at night, night, at 11 o'clock at night, night, at 11 o'clock at night, and she also came from such a far distance, it was one month, I will and she also came from such a far distance, it was one month, I will tell her yesterday that it was there, she keeps tell her yesterday that it was there, she keeps tell her yesterday that it was there, she keeps sending me videos, I know this much, sending me videos, I know this much, sending me videos, I know this much, we look like this, he said so cute  Friends, we keep shooting, we look like this, he said so cute  Friends, we keep shooting, I just sent her photo, I just sent her photo, I am also on the machine without me, save her, I am also on the machine without me, save her, I am also on the machine without me, save her, she is coming from behind, don't she is coming from behind, don't she is coming from behind, don't give it to me, son, give it to me, son, give it to me, son, give it to Bhabhi ji, give it to Bhabhi ji, give it to Bhabhi ji, you have to stay here, I you have to stay here, I you have to stay here, I enjoyed it, the girl gang was enjoying it to the fullest, get some some some pendants done separately, yes, hey, pendants done separately, yes, hey, pendants done separately, yes, hey, ask everyone for pendants, ask everyone for pendants, ask everyone for pendants, okay, get them done separately, okay, get them done separately, okay, get them done separately, this was my girl's, don't worry about it too, yes, I got it done, worry about it too, yes, I got it done, worry about it too, yes, I got it done, good, I got it done separately, good, I got it done separately, good, I got it done separately, okay, Bhabhi ji, hello, it was very nice, you okay, Bhabhi ji, hello, it was very nice, you okay, Bhabhi ji, hello, it was very nice, you came before time, absolutely very good, came before time, absolutely very good, we enjoyed it, uncle, bye