For the first time,
you have taken its partner to the next stage, that is, you have already
played, you have given me a
lot, I don't want anything brother, you have added
glamour to the entire party
[Music] [Music
]
Hello guys, good morning. Welcome back to
my channel. Today is event day and I've had a shower
and everything is still going on downstairs. Decor,
preparations etc. I can't tell you how
happy and excited I am right now.
Luckily the weather is also very good so far.
And touch wood it stays like that. So let's go down and
see a little bit of what has happened. But the
swing that has been installed is so beautifully decorated. It
looks very cute. Guys, our
swing has been decorated so beautifully. I am feeling so
happy. Wow, this is my first swing of the month of Sawan.
I am so happy.
This looks so cute, man. So
impressed. Friend, I am free to do my Sawan, my Teej
before your guests arrive.
Ok. Ok. Take a swing. Our tables are also
ready. Guys, our makeup has started.
My eyes are done and sister's
curls are growing there. I still have
half of it. It just happened
[laughter].
Yes done.
And as soon as we get ready, I
think guests will start arriving in an hour or two.
So now we will meet you ready.
After the look is complete.
My energy is decreasing. I
woke up so excited in the morning. Now my energy is getting low.
Then it will become high again.
As soon as I see people.
Look how well I am doing the
accounting. If there was a brother, nothing would have happened brother.
Look at this. Let me show you this. Thank you for
joining us and making Sandeepika's first
EG party so special. Your Presents Your
Presents Laugh Festive Made The Celebration
Truly Memorable. So this is the first Teej of Saddi.
Sandeep's first ease invitation or
thanks message, whatever yes yes then the
message thanks no. I don't know where it is missing.
Your first look at your vlog.
Now I have a hairdo.
Hair is growing. Meaning the hair is being styled.
Complete decoration was done outside also.
Mother, is there any sunshine there? It's just sunlight, right?
let's right. It is not raining. Can't
tolerate rain. There will still be sunshine. I am currently putting on
my second scarf. So that was the whole look.
She has draped and made such a beautiful saree.
You should
make a video like this, like a full reel. I know she
is my friend and she is lying that it will take
an hour and she told me long ago that she has left long ago.
I called him a little early.
Guys, this is the same vlog in which you will not see any sound.
All preparations have been done here.
I have brought it to show. The bite hasn't happened yet. Now they are saying that they have been
bitten. Where are the decoration people?
How do I look? Very nice, absolutely
beautiful. Thank
you. I will just change my lipstick now.
I liked it, it looks very dark.
I will get it done in pink type.
Ok. You are looking top notch brother. Number one
dad, how beautiful the car looks. But it looks so
cute and aesthetic. A
console table was also installed.
That was done by me and Varsha.
DJ DJ started. Where is DJ DJ?
The DJ is still there, isn't he?
Well, they are coming along. Carts and DJs
maybe.
Guys this is it.
No, it looks like this.
I am
looking like a child. I am
dressed up like this today.
Ok.
Where is Karan? He is not visible at all. He is chilling upstairs.
Why isn't he getting ready?
He has seen some strange movies in the street.
I will tell you now. It's
fine now. Ok, should I
keep the tea here? It will be
wrong for us, neither will I be praised nor will we talk about anything. Nothing.
I told him that I am feeling chilled. Easy Going. Please
give me the perfume. You stop it. Come on, come on.
Now I can go upstairs. I am tired.
Yes, it is Ricky. I've put down another glass.
Yes, Ricky is sitting in the bathroom with the door locked.
Oho
Ricky. Yes brother,
your bathroom is done, it is done,
open the bathroom brother, go and apply perfume,
you
go and apply perfume quickly,
I am shocked to the core, you gave
me water to drink,
oh apply mogra sherbet
water, ok,
apply it there only quickly,
I don't remember, I remind you, it is a
sherbet type after applying it, show this, show that,
friend, you gave me this dry also, don't dry it,
show that, let me taste it, I will
tell them later, so what have
they given, you are making everyone drink it, friend,
show everyone's camera,
this is good, it tastes a little lemonade type.
You open it first brother.
What is it friend? Don't do this here in our house.
Why? Why shouldn't I do it? Don't do
this. Hello, I
closed the gate today. Imagine
India's tough end. If you do
n't lock the gate, I want a feminine girly Blanche.
I am applying it. Blanche is yours upstairs. To
go over you. I am going. I am going.
I am bringing it.
Tell me more and give it to me. I have an event, brother.
Baba,
you were already wearing a lot of perfume, you applied it to
me so much,
yes, don't apply anyone else's perfume like that
[laughs] you looked so perfect brother,
so you should apply too much, you had applied it,
I haven't applied it at
all today,
you go upstairs and apply it, hey, run upstairs and apply some
perfume in her room, I'll show you, you'll take it the same, stay here,
I'll give it to you, I'll just spray it back, okay,
why did you get shocked, as if you've entered, what do you
want,
I felt very bad, take it, what do you
want, it's very stung,
give it to me, yes, this should also be applied,
Vicky, take it from the front properly,
Baba, take it, what do you
want,
throw it out halfway, it feels good, don't look
here and there,
now I saw Handan going into Aman's eyes,
oh brother, you have to apply a
little, you created a
stir, friend, I mean, friend, come on,
thank you, I
always use it,
thank you, Ricky, bro,
okay,
this is Neetu's sister-in-law,
so it's fine in this, she's
coming right now,
welcome,
learn it, she's
caught the water from the girl [laughs], it's
okay to be with the girl
Bhaiya, come on, let's go, we are following, let's come
together
Happy Tej
to all of you, hi hi
Happy Deep, you are looking very cute
Gopal, Namaste, everyone told you to come, eat,
come quickly,
oh
thank you, the
first Sadhi, thanks for you and one more thing,
open this for you, it's
so comfortable, wow,
this is a very polki diamond,
thank you,
our first piece,
thank you, so much,
very cute, you can wear it as daily wear, but don't put toffee on it, it's polki, right? This one is a little mean, get it kept in my room, you keep it yourself in the bag, it's not there, okay, I thought, take it, a very beautiful photo is
coming, people will come, so hello
aunty ji, Namaste
Happy Teeth, thank you so much and lovely is
Shivangi,
you guys are also very [laughs]
Aunty,
you got it made from here,
yes, it looks so beautiful, it
looks like mother-in-law, look, it does
n't look like anything, you do
n't feel like anyone these days, times have changed, it's
great,
it's in a complete beach look, like
today I was wearing green There are
such people living in Italy,
nice,
I am saying this, it has completely affected you, you are
fond of photos and videos, it has affected you, yes, it has
completely affected you, it should be,
beautiful beautiful children, Sundarandar,
so many beautiful beautiful children have come to our
house, beautiful beautiful children have come, how are you, you have
cut your hair cute,
you have become even more cute [nasal sound]
than before, do you remember the
last time you had a funny chocolate, ours was
yes, I will get it for you, now don't ask me,
ask them right now,
hi, hey
bhaiya,
come on, bhaiya got
scared, angry,
hey bhaiya, come on, from hi, from hello, shake, that,
look, I have to shake hands,
she is your friend, okay,
friend Jinisha is your friend, where are you going, she is
calling you,
take you inside, we are
not bothered, one, oh no,
both are different, we will give it to you like this here [laughs]
time is like this,
Happy did, some lie is pish, some time is right.
Oh wow yes yes I know
thank you so much hello guys
one second
happy Teej guys
now everyone is getting mehendi applied inside and it's so much
fun I can't tell you
everyone is coming, meeting, wishing
each other Happy Teej they're having a lot of fun I've found
love
yes I was just
following you [laughs]
brother told me about you
someone told me about you since he
came here he's only eating he has
n't even asked the guests once if they want to eat something
this is going on see me eating
what's going on there is a third thing in your account my
day will be later oh
no
[laughs] it was
very nice
oh just now you're
giving me
food and drink there's nothing like that listen to me there's nothing I have
n't brought anything do it like blessings I have
n't brought anything today na I had nothing
already given a lot I don't want anything like that I
know what to say oh it's less give more oh
give more aunty
no ask again aunty it's less you should
ask for more aunty it's looking less
you should do this
son you'll get chocolate This is my
favourite dialogue in this,
look mummy, look what a
bhai, you have spiced up the whole party,
take it brother, she has become
everyone's favourite, I am becoming that, I am getting
angry with you, come on, she is feeling
so good, really, really,
we have successfully organised a party at home, I am
happy, it is
my first party,
what are they giving me, don't refuse them,
hey, she has already shown her face, it is the
first thing for a daughter-in-law, all these things happened
before me, that is why she is a
mother-in-law, so the first thing is
aunty, yes she will give it to you, right now, I
came on Rakshabandhan, I will
bring its tiles, it was
your function, that's why I am coming, you
know, you are waiting, right, I am
going in the morning,
why will you leave in the morning, friend, wait, she is spending time, there is a session day after tomorrow, from day after tomorrow
she will eat, she is a
fat girl, it is
like a toy up there, she is supportive like a toy, she
cries, she is doing this for you, she is
so cute, take her in your lap, she doesn't do
much, she doesn't do
anything, she is coming with so much love,
first she is coming
here, I love her a lot Give support here,
yes listen
listen,
this is mamu,
such a cute girl, I swear, touchwood, friend, she comes to
everyone, does not say anything,
keeps playing with so much love, look, do it like this, I am coming, I am coming,
now you
bring her partner till the next stage. Who did they
play with?
Yes brother,
I know this therapy. If you
open Oye Oye then
you must be enjoying it. Yes,
I like it.
Yes, everyone says the same thing. Isn't it
?
Your face is less visible in this. More like brother-in-law.
Everyone says the same thing. It is hitting
brother-in-law only. Say.
Karan talks the whole time. I want to be a girl
dad. Became a girl dad. Girl dad means
best, right? Yes, no, yes, there was no
one there, I want girls,
then
they seem to trouble me a lot [laughs]
Girls love their fathers only, I am
lucky, if she gets in a bad
mood or is stressed, she will
laugh like this, and we get very happy.
Now look, she is singing her song like this these days, she has
started talking a little bit like this,
she is feeling a bit missing from
inside,
mom, then you bring my partner, get your
face washed, is
n't it at home, right now I will ask his wife to kiss him, he has applied
lipstick here, no, no,
with his pipe, right now my wife will give him a soft kiss,
though we didn't do anything physically, so I don't
tell you, not a
lot, and aunty also said something
very nice, Raunak,
I am so happy that Vishu didi has come, I did
not think that she would
come from such a far distance, she came, she came, I am so happy, she came at
11 o'clock at night, I am
so happy, really, she came early in the middle of the
night, at 11 o'clock at night,
and she also came from such a far distance, it was one month, I will
tell her yesterday that it was there, she keeps
sending me videos, I know this much,
we look like this, he said so cute Friends, we keep shooting,
I just sent her photo,
I am also on the machine without me, save her,
she is coming from behind, don't
give it to me, son,
give it to Bhabhi ji,
you have to stay here, I
enjoyed it, the girl gang was enjoying it to the fullest, get
some
pendants done separately, yes, hey,
ask everyone for pendants,
okay, get them done separately,
this was my girl's, don't
worry about it too, yes, I got it done,
good, I got it done separately,
okay, Bhabhi ji, hello, it was very nice, you
came before time, absolutely very good,
we enjoyed it,
uncle, bye
