Madam, today Panipuri is free but Madam, today Panipuri is free but Madam, today Panipuri is free but what is the condition? You have to eat ten what is the condition? You have to eat ten what is the condition? You have to eat ten Panipuris. If I eat one more than ten, I will have to Panipuris. If I eat one more than ten, I will have to Panipuris. If I eat one more than ten, I will have to pay 200 rupees. Oh, if I eat more than pay 200 rupees. Oh, if I eat more than pay 200 rupees. Oh, if I eat more than ten, ten, ten, why are you tensed about it? Baby, when you why are you tensed about it? Baby, when you why are you tensed about it? Baby, when you were eating, I didn't count everything. Okay, were eating, I didn't count everything. Okay, were eating, I didn't count everything. Okay, brother, give it to me. Okay, Madam. Baby, it's 10. No, Madam, yours is 11 Baby, it's 10. No, Madam, yours is 11 Baby, it's 10. No, Madam, yours is 11 Panipuris. That's what I Panipuris. That's what I Panipuris. That's what I ate. My mother-in-law counted. No, ate. My mother-in-law counted. No, ate. My mother-in-law counted. No, Madam, it's 11. No, I counted Madam, it's 11. No, I counted Madam, it's 11. No, I counted correctly. My mother-in-law counted. Wait correctly. My mother-in-law counted. Wait correctly. My mother-in-law counted. Wait a minute. Look here. There is a camera. I a minute. Look here. There is a camera. I a minute. Look here. There is a camera. I will bring the recorded video footage. will bring the recorded video footage. will bring the recorded video footage. Bring it. What's that? Baby, you didn't count. Bring it. What's that? Baby, you didn't count. Bring it. What's that? Baby, you didn't count. No, Baby, I counted correctly. No, Baby, I counted correctly. No, Baby, I counted correctly. Look, Madam, the video footage has arrived. Look, Madam, the video footage has arrived. Look, Madam, the video footage has arrived. You yourself have to check You yourself have to check You yourself have to check [Music] and say, " [Music] and say, " [Music] and say, " You ate that much." You ate that much." You ate that much." Look, something is wrong with you, Look, something is wrong with you, Look, something is wrong with you, baby, look, give me 200 rupees, baby, look, give me 200 rupees, baby, look, give me 200 rupees, I'll send you a video, edit it a little bit and I'll send you a video, edit it a little bit and I'll send you a video, edit it a little bit and send it, okay?