Hey guys, we're back in Hey guys, we're back in Hey guys, we're back in Germany and we're going out now.   Did Germany and we're going out now.   Did Germany and we're going out now.   Did you have a you have a you have a fever yesterday, or already today? fever yesterday, or already today? fever yesterday, or already today? I had a fever yesterday, right now it's around I had a fever yesterday, right now it's around I had a fever yesterday, right now it's around 38-36 something, but nothing's stopping me from going out 38-36 something, but nothing's stopping me from going out 38-36 something, but nothing's stopping me from going out today. today. today. I just have to go out today.  We're I just have to go out today.  We're I just have to go out today.  We're going outside now and we're going to do our outfits going outside now and we're going to do our outfits going outside now and we're going to do our outfits together, and she has to straighten her hair together, and she has to straighten her hair together, and she has to straighten her hair now, and mine is already now, and mine is already now, and mine is already straight.  I missed my straight hair so much, guys straight.  I missed my straight hair so much, guys straight.  I missed my straight hair so much, guys . . . I miss it too, I miss it too, I miss it too, and yeah, bye guys, see you later.  As you and yeah, bye guys, see you later.  As you and yeah, bye guys, see you later.  As you know, I didn't wear that much makeup in Italy know, I didn't wear that much makeup in Italy know, I didn't wear that much makeup in Italy .  I do .  I do .  I do n't know if I have some kind of n't know if I have some kind of n't know if I have some kind of trauma from trauma from trauma from who did my makeup last time, but who did my makeup last time, but who did my makeup last time, but we've we've we've done a lot today, I'd say, right? done a lot today, I'd say, right? done a lot today, I'd say, right? I definitely don't know what I'm going to wear I definitely don't know what I'm going to wear I definitely don't know what I'm going to wear , but we'll definitely look into that soon , but we'll definitely look into that soon , but we'll definitely look into that soon .  I just applied hair oil to .  I just applied hair oil to .  I just applied hair oil to my hair, and yeah, guys, my hair, and yeah, guys, my hair, and yeah, guys, ignore my room.  It's really not ignore my room.  It's really not ignore my room.  It's really not tidy.  I just put on tidy.  I just put on tidy.  I just put on a skirt from Hollister. a skirt from Hollister. a skirt from Hollister. Top, no idea.  From where?  So Top, no idea.  From where?  So Top, no idea.  From where?  So probably New Yorker or something, and probably New Yorker or something, and probably New Yorker or something, and I'll wear slippers and I think I'll wear slippers and I think I'll wear slippers and I think my Balenzager bag.  I've my Balenzager bag.  I've my Balenzager bag.  I've decided to go with BB after all, because Z was a decided to go with BB after all, because Z was a decided to go with BB after all, because Z was a bit of a mess.