So that evening, Aarti and I spent a good time together So that evening, Aarti and I spent a good time together So that evening, Aarti and I spent a good time together .  Hey, hello, Gaius, back with .  Hey, hello, Gaius, back with .  Hey, hello, Gaius, back with one more mini vlog. This is my one more mini vlog. This is my one more mini vlog. This is my mini vlog before my birthday. Gaius, that day I went mini vlog before my birthday. Gaius, that day I went mini vlog before my birthday. Gaius, that day I went shopping with my mom and brother shopping with my mom and brother shopping with my mom and brother .  Before I started shopping, .  Before I started shopping, I first drank a cool juice since it was very sunny outside.  Next, I took I first drank a cool juice since it was very sunny outside.  Next, I took I first drank a cool juice since it was very sunny outside.  Next, I took my mom and brother out for a spin in the sun and then we my mom and brother out for a spin in the sun and then we went back to the movie theater mall.   I even went back to the movie theater mall.   I even picked up my birthday outfits from the trends there.  We picked up my birthday outfits from the trends there.  We picked up my birthday outfits from the trends there.  We still completed all our shopping there. still completed all our shopping there. still completed all our shopping there. Next, we went Next, we went Next, we went to the nearby Helapuri Restaurant for afternoon lunch to the nearby Helapuri Restaurant for afternoon lunch to the nearby Helapuri Restaurant for afternoon lunch .  I really like the biryani there .  I really like the biryani there .  I really like the biryani there .  During my college days, my .  During my college days, my friends and I would sometimes order biryani from Helapuri and friends and I would sometimes order biryani from Helapuri and friends and I would sometimes order biryani from Helapuri and eat it.  Now I miss my college days eat it.  Now I miss my college days eat it.  Now I miss my college days .  Meanwhile, the .  Meanwhile, the .  Meanwhile, the food I ordered arrived.  After food I ordered arrived.  After food I ordered arrived.  After eating, we headed back home eating, we headed back home eating, we headed back home .  That evening, .  That evening, .  That evening, Aarti and I went shopping again Aarti and I went shopping again Aarti and I went shopping again .  After we got there, we .  After we got there, we .  After we got there, we completed our shopping, laughed, and completed our shopping, laughed, and completed our shopping, laughed, and talked about this and that before talked about this and that before talked about this and that before returning home.  And that night, I decided to go to a hair returning home.  And that night, I decided to go to a hair returning home.  And that night, I decided to go to a hair spa.  Gaius, has spa.  Gaius, has spa.  Gaius, has everyone watched my full birthday vlog yet? everyone watched my full birthday vlog yet? everyone watched my full birthday vlog yet? If anyone still hasn't seen it, If anyone still hasn't seen it, If anyone still hasn't seen it, click the link below and watch my full birthday click the link below and watch my full birthday click the link below and watch my full birthday vlog now, Gaius.  That's all for vlog now, Gaius.  That's all for vlog now, Gaius.  That's all for Gaius, but my day ended beautifully like this Gaius, but my day ended beautifully like this Gaius, but my day ended beautifully like this .