So, today I'm going to review the Croove So, today I'm going to review the Croove So, today I'm going to review the Croove coffee sifter. Now, I've used this coffee sifter. Now, I've used this coffee sifter. Now, I've used this before. A few of you have asked me to before. A few of you have asked me to before. A few of you have asked me to review it, having seen it in some of the review it, having seen it in some of the review it, having seen it in some of the videos I've done where I compare two videos I've done where I compare two videos I've done where I compare two different grinders and the kind of different grinders and the kind of different grinders and the kind of quality of grind coming from them. And quality of grind coming from them. And quality of grind coming from them. And so today, I'm going to dive into this so today, I'm going to dive into this so today, I'm going to dive into this and tell you what I and tell you what I and tell you what I think. Crew sent me the nicest set that think. Crew sent me the nicest set that think. Crew sent me the nicest set that they offer, which is very kind of them. they offer, which is very kind of them. they offer, which is very kind of them. Uh, you get 12 different sized saves Uh, you get 12 different sized saves Uh, you get 12 different sized saves that go inside this thing. And this that go inside this thing. And this that go inside this thing. And this thing has three trays that holds two thing has three trays that holds two thing has three trays that holds two different civ sizes. Here's the theory. different civ sizes. Here's the theory. different civ sizes. Here's the theory. If you have a broad range of particle If you have a broad range of particle If you have a broad range of particle sizes, when you brew a cup of coffee, sizes, when you brew a cup of coffee, sizes, when you brew a cup of coffee, that's bad. because the very fine pieces that's bad. because the very fine pieces that's bad. because the very fine pieces will give up their flavor very quickly will give up their flavor very quickly will give up their flavor very quickly and begin to over extract and add quite and begin to over extract and add quite and begin to over extract and add quite a lot of bitterness and then the very a lot of bitterness and then the very a lot of bitterness and then the very large pieces won't extract properly and large pieces won't extract properly and large pieces won't extract properly and they'll end up making the cup a little they'll end up making the cup a little they'll end up making the cup a little bit sour. Obviously, anything in the bit sour. Obviously, anything in the bit sour. Obviously, anything in the middle should brew ideally pretty middle should brew ideally pretty middle should brew ideally pretty normally. But what you'll get is some normally. But what you'll get is some normally. But what you'll get is some tasty coffee, some bitter coffee, and tasty coffee, some bitter coffee, and tasty coffee, some bitter coffee, and some sour coffee all in one cup. That's some sour coffee all in one cup. That's some sour coffee all in one cup. That's not ideal. And so here you're supposed not ideal. And so here you're supposed not ideal. And so here you're supposed to add in two saves. One to screen out to add in two saves. One to screen out to add in two saves. One to screen out the largest size and one to screen out the largest size and one to screen out the largest size and one to screen out the finest size. Now, because different the finest size. Now, because different the finest size. Now, because different brew methods require different grind brew methods require different grind brew methods require different grind sizes, that's why you've got a bunch of sizes, that's why you've got a bunch of sizes, that's why you've got a bunch of different sibs. Now, one quick thing. I different sibs. Now, one quick thing. I different sibs. Now, one quick thing. I actually think it's a little bit actually think it's a little bit actually think it's a little bit simplistic to talk about coffee as if simplistic to talk about coffee as if simplistic to talk about coffee as if it's two-dimensional. Particle sizes are it's two-dimensional. Particle sizes are it's two-dimensional. Particle sizes are three-dimensional. It's really about three-dimensional. It's really about three-dimensional. It's really about surface area as much as it's about surface area as much as it's about surface area as much as it's about particle size. You could have a particle size. You could have a particle size. You could have a perfectly round particle and you could perfectly round particle and you could perfectly round particle and you could have a long skinny particle that in have a long skinny particle that in have a long skinny particle that in theory would fit through the same sieve. theory would fit through the same sieve. theory would fit through the same sieve. In addition, I think it's also a little In addition, I think it's also a little In addition, I think it's also a little bit complicated to say all fines are bad bit complicated to say all fines are bad bit complicated to say all fines are bad and should be avoided and they don't and should be avoided and they don't and should be avoided and they don't contribute positive things to cups of contribute positive things to cups of contribute positive things to cups of coffee. But when we dive into this, it's coffee. But when we dive into this, it's coffee. But when we dive into this, it's really about who are you and what do you really about who are you and what do you really about who are you and what do you need from this? Now, they do a set that need from this? Now, they do a set that need from this? Now, they do a set that starts at $50 with just two sibs and starts at $50 with just two sibs and starts at $50 with just two sibs and then it runs all the way up to about then it runs all the way up to about then it runs all the way up to about $130 for this set. If you're using a $130 for this set. If you're using a $130 for this set. If you're using a pretty cheap grinder, be that a pretty pretty cheap grinder, be that a pretty pretty cheap grinder, be that a pretty cheap electric grinder, uh be it a blade cheap electric grinder, uh be it a blade cheap electric grinder, uh be it a blade grinder, like a worly blade grinder, if grinder, like a worly blade grinder, if grinder, like a worly blade grinder, if you're using a cheap hand grinder, then you're using a cheap hand grinder, then you're using a cheap hand grinder, then to be honest, this probably isn't a good to be honest, this probably isn't a good to be honest, this probably isn't a good solution for you. In truth, you're solution for you. In truth, you're solution for you. In truth, you're better spending $130 on a better coffee better spending $130 on a better coffee better spending $130 on a better coffee grinder. Putting coffee from a a cheap grinder. Putting coffee from a a cheap grinder. Putting coffee from a a cheap hand grinder into this will mean that hand grinder into this will mean that hand grinder into this will mean that you screen out quite a lot of particles you screen out quite a lot of particles you screen out quite a lot of particles and it means you have to put in a lot of and it means you have to put in a lot of and it means you have to put in a lot of ground coffee to get enough of the good ground coffee to get enough of the good ground coffee to get enough of the good stuff out to get a brew. It can nearly stuff out to get a brew. It can nearly stuff out to get a brew. It can nearly double the cost of the coffee you're double the cost of the coffee you're double the cost of the coffee you're using due to the amount that you're using due to the amount that you're using due to the amount that you're throwing away. And so for my money, not throwing away. And so for my money, not throwing away. And so for my money, not a great investment. Uh spend more on a great investment. Uh spend more on a great investment. Uh spend more on your grinder. Now things change a little your grinder. Now things change a little your grinder. Now things change a little bit when you get to the mid-range to the bit when you get to the mid-range to the bit when you get to the mid-range to the high-end grinders to get a traditional high-end grinders to get a traditional high-end grinders to get a traditional set of saves. Most people use ones made set of saves. Most people use ones made set of saves. Most people use ones made by a company called Endicott. Now, a by a company called Endicott. Now, a by a company called Endicott. Now, a single civ from Endicott may be between single civ from Endicott may be between single civ from Endicott may be between $50 to $100 secondhand on eBay. They are $50 to $100 secondhand on eBay. They are $50 to $100 secondhand on eBay. They are expensive. So, a full set of saves like expensive. So, a full set of saves like expensive. So, a full set of saves like this could run in excess of $1,000. So, this could run in excess of $1,000. So, this could run in excess of $1,000. So, in comparison, $130 is incredibly cheap. in comparison, $130 is incredibly cheap. in comparison, $130 is incredibly cheap. If you want to start messing around with If you want to start messing around with If you want to start messing around with particle size, this is a pretty great particle size, this is a pretty great particle size, this is a pretty great way to go. I used it at home for a way to go. I used it at home for a way to go. I used it at home for a little while and then eventually I little while and then eventually I little while and then eventually I brought it into work because it's square brought it into work because it's square brought it into work because it's square mile. It's much more interesting as a an mile. It's much more interesting as a an mile. It's much more interesting as a an experimental area for others to play experimental area for others to play experimental area for others to play around with different stuff. But for me, around with different stuff. But for me, around with different stuff. But for me, for my dayto-day with a decent grinder, for my dayto-day with a decent grinder, for my dayto-day with a decent grinder, a decent brewer, I didn't feel there was a decent brewer, I didn't feel there was a decent brewer, I didn't feel there was a significant bump in quality that a significant bump in quality that a significant bump in quality that yielded adding time, work, and yielded adding time, work, and yielded adding time, work, and additional cost through wastage to my additional cost through wastage to my additional cost through wastage to my morning cup of coffee. If I was morning cup of coffee. If I was morning cup of coffee. If I was competing in a brewer competition, would competing in a brewer competition, would competing in a brewer competition, would I want to experiment with this? I might. I want to experiment with this? I might. I want to experiment with this? I might. Their recommendation for pourover coffee Their recommendation for pourover coffee Their recommendation for pourover coffee is to use a 400 micron and an 800 micron is to use a 400 micron and an 800 micron is to use a 400 micron and an 800 micron sie. For me, that actually gives a sie. For me, that actually gives a sie. For me, that actually gives a pretty wide range of particle sizes, pretty wide range of particle sizes, pretty wide range of particle sizes, some will be literally twice the size of some will be literally twice the size of some will be literally twice the size of others. And so, while it might be a good others. And so, while it might be a good others. And so, while it might be a good way for me to be uh communicating with a way for me to be uh communicating with a way for me to be uh communicating with a friend about how I'm brewing and the friend about how I'm brewing and the friend about how I'm brewing and the kind of grind size I'm using, it's far kind of grind size I'm using, it's far kind of grind size I'm using, it's far from perfect for that. from perfect for that. from perfect for that. However, if you're a coffee professional However, if you're a coffee professional However, if you're a coffee professional and you want to start experimenting with and you want to start experimenting with and you want to start experimenting with siving with different grind sizes with siving with different grind sizes with siving with different grind sizes with the effect of uniformity on brewing, the effect of uniformity on brewing, the effect of uniformity on brewing, this is a much much much cheaper option this is a much much much cheaper option this is a much much much cheaper option than going down the route of scientific than going down the route of scientific than going down the route of scientific saves. That isn't to say that this thing saves. That isn't to say that this thing saves. That isn't to say that this thing is perfect. There are a couple of things is perfect. There are a couple of things is perfect. There are a couple of things about this that frustrate me a little about this that frustrate me a little about this that frustrate me a little bit. Two main things. one, the way that bit. Two main things. one, the way that bit. Two main things. one, the way that this fits together, it just feels a this fits together, it just feels a this fits together, it just feels a little bit loose and it slips apart little bit loose and it slips apart little bit loose and it slips apart quite quite quite easily. Secondly, and probably my easily. Secondly, and probably my easily. Secondly, and probably my biggest frustration is that to change a biggest frustration is that to change a biggest frustration is that to change a civ is a little bit fussy as work goes. civ is a little bit fussy as work goes. civ is a little bit fussy as work goes. Each of the saves have a little rubber Each of the saves have a little rubber Each of the saves have a little rubber gasket on them that hold them in place. gasket on them that hold them in place. gasket on them that hold them in place. But when you're changing a civ, it can But when you're changing a civ, it can But when you're changing a civ, it can be quite frustrating to pop in all three be quite frustrating to pop in all three be quite frustrating to pop in all three sides of that triangle and get them sides of that triangle and get them sides of that triangle and get them locked in properly. And it's easy locked in properly. And it's easy locked in properly. And it's easy actually to have them be unlocked by actually to have them be unlocked by actually to have them be unlocked by mistake. And obviously any coffee can mistake. And obviously any coffee can mistake. And obviously any coffee can just sneak around the side of that. So I just sneak around the side of that. So I just sneak around the side of that. So I wish that it was a little bit easier to wish that it was a little bit easier to wish that it was a little bit easier to change the filters sometimes. I have a change the filters sometimes. I have a change the filters sometimes. I have a little bit of frustration there. Some little bit of frustration there. Some little bit of frustration there. Some sizes are easier than others, which is sizes are easier than others, which is sizes are easier than others, which is kind of down to the flexibility of the kind of down to the flexibility of the kind of down to the flexibility of the mesh mesh mesh itself. I haven't been able to test the itself. I haven't been able to test the itself. I haven't been able to test the validity of the sizings. Now, I don't validity of the sizings. Now, I don't validity of the sizings. Now, I don't have a set of saves here anymore to have a set of saves here anymore to have a set of saves here anymore to compare this to to see if it screens out compare this to to see if it screens out compare this to to see if it screens out the same amount of 300 micron particles the same amount of 300 micron particles the same amount of 300 micron particles as an Endicott test civ would do. as an Endicott test civ would do. as an Endicott test civ would do. However, I do think it's pretty useful. However, I do think it's pretty useful. However, I do think it's pretty useful. It's pretty easy to use. I think it's It's pretty easy to use. I think it's It's pretty easy to use. I think it's pretty inexpensive. And I think that if pretty inexpensive. And I think that if pretty inexpensive. And I think that if you want to start exploring coffee a you want to start exploring coffee a you want to start exploring coffee a little bit more, this is for you. If you little bit more, this is for you. If you little bit more, this is for you. If you want to make your cup of coffee a little want to make your cup of coffee a little want to make your cup of coffee a little bit better in the mornings, I'd probably bit better in the mornings, I'd probably bit better in the mornings, I'd probably just invest in a better grinder. Means just invest in a better grinder. Means just invest in a better grinder. Means less wastage. It means less work, less less wastage. It means less work, less less wastage. It means less work, less time between you waking up and the first time between you waking up and the first time between you waking up and the first coffee of the day. So overall, coffee of the day. So overall, coffee of the day. So overall, interesting professionally, but I'm not interesting professionally, but I'm not interesting professionally, but I'm not sure I'd recommend it for the average sure I'd recommend it for the average sure I'd recommend it for the average home user. home user. home user. I hope you enjoyed the video. One more I hope you enjoyed the video. One more I hope you enjoyed the video. One more quick thing, there are t-shirts. So, quick thing, there are t-shirts. So, quick thing, there are t-shirts. So, this is the Gym 7 t-shirt. This is the this is the Gym 7 t-shirt. This is the this is the Gym 7 t-shirt. This is the cover of the book that's coming out. The cover of the book that's coming out. The cover of the book that's coming out. The ebook's now live and available. And ebook's now live and available. And ebook's now live and available. And people asked for some t-shirts, so we people asked for some t-shirts, so we people asked for some t-shirts, so we made some t-shirts. They're available in made some t-shirts. They're available in made some t-shirts. They're available in lots of different colors. If you want lots of different colors. If you want lots of different colors. If you want one, I'll leave a link in the one, I'll leave a link in the one, I'll leave a link in the description down below. As always, your description down below. As always, your description down below. As always, your feedback is welcome. I want to hear what feedback is welcome. I want to hear what feedback is welcome. I want to hear what you think. I want to know what you want you think. I want to know what you want you think. I want to know what you want me to review next. Feedback, comments, me to review next. Feedback, comments, me to review next. Feedback, comments, questions. If you like it, give it a questions. If you like it, give it a questions. If you like it, give it a like. Thank you so much for watching. like. Thank you so much for watching. like. Thank you so much for watching. Have a great day.