Hi everyone, I hope you all are doing fine. Hi everyone, I hope you all are doing fine. Hi everyone, I hope you all are doing fine. So I have realised one thing that ever since I So I have realised one thing that ever since I So I have realised one thing that ever since I shifted to Gurgaon, I have shifted to Gurgaon, I have shifted to Gurgaon, I have stopped going to the free markets of Delhi stopped going to the free markets of Delhi stopped going to the free markets of Delhi because it is so far away.  Plus it takes because it is so far away.  Plus it takes because it is so far away.  Plus it takes 2 hours to go and 2 hours to return. 2 hours to go and 2 hours to return. 2 hours to go and 2 hours to return. But today I have got myself ready and am But today I have got myself ready and am But today I have got myself ready and am going to the district for shopping.  Or going to the district for shopping.  Or going to the district for shopping.  Or Let's Go.  Finally, after 2 hours of hard work, Let's Go.  Finally, after 2 hours of hard work, Let's Go.  Finally, after 2 hours of hard work, we reached the district.  And this is the we reached the district.  And this is the we reached the district.  And this is the inner market area of ​​the district where inner market area of ​​the district where inner market area of ​​the district where I was shopping.  Honestly speaking, the I was shopping.  Honestly speaking, the I was shopping.  Honestly speaking, the collection of every shop on the inside side was almost the collection of every shop on the inside side was almost the collection of every shop on the inside side was almost the same.  I was looking at prostitutes etc. here. same.  I was looking at prostitutes etc. here. same.  I was looking at prostitutes etc. here. And this was the shop where I And this was the shop where I And this was the shop where I found this really nice skirt.  So found this really nice skirt.  So found this really nice skirt.  So I said I said I said we are not able to understand which one this we are not able to understand which one this we are not able to understand which one this is for and one is this, there are so many options here. is for and one is this, there are so many options here. is for and one is this, there are so many options here. And I will go shopping I met you guys.   I am And I will go shopping I met you guys.   I am And I will go shopping I met you guys.   I am telling the truth.  I am enjoying meeting you.   Just do it telling the truth.  I am enjoying meeting you.   Just do it telling the truth.  I am enjoying meeting you.   Just do it 100%.   I will have to 100%.   I will have to 100%.   I will have to work in Bhaiya's shop for three days work in Bhaiya's shop for three days work in Bhaiya's shop for three days [laughs].  I have always [laughs].  I have always [laughs].  I have always loved buying jewellery from Janpad. loved buying jewellery from Janpad. loved buying jewellery from Janpad. This time I have explored the Tibetan market. This time I have explored the Tibetan market. This time I have explored the Tibetan market. And I And I And I found some really cool things.  I didn't like the Lama Art House found some really cool things.  I didn't like the Lama Art House found some really cool things.  I didn't like the Lama Art House collection that much.  After this collection that much.  After this collection that much.  After this I went to the West Side where the whole of Delhi had I went to the West Side where the whole of Delhi had I went to the West Side where the whole of Delhi had gathered.  There was so much crowd. gathered.  There was so much crowd. gathered.  There was so much crowd. I did not understand anything.  Legit, I did not understand anything.  Legit, I did not understand anything.  Legit, I was out within 1 minute.  And I chose the I was out within 1 minute.  And I chose the I was out within 1 minute.  And I chose the worst time in Delhi to travel to Delhi Gurgaon. worst time in Delhi to travel to Delhi Gurgaon. worst time in Delhi to travel to Delhi Gurgaon. That is 7:30 in the evening. That is 7:30 in the evening. That is 7:30 in the evening. Brother, it took me almost 3 hours.  There was so much Brother, it took me almost 3 hours.  There was so much Brother, it took me almost 3 hours.  There was so much traffic, so much traffic.  The entire Google traffic, so much traffic.  The entire Google traffic, so much traffic.  The entire Google Map was showing red.  Tired and tired Map was showing red.  Tired and tired Map was showing red.  Tired and tired [music] I reached home at 10:30.   I will [music] I reached home at 10:30.   I will [music] I reached home at 10:30.   I will show you the hall tomorrow.  Till Then Bye show you the hall tomorrow.  Till Then Bye show you the hall tomorrow.  Till Then Bye Bye Take