Not like this hello hello hello hello hey
look who has come [laughs] hey
hey friend look yes yes yes
[laughs] I
come to my senses only when I am in some intense situation of the game
hey brother [laughs] a
very important moment of Dota is going on
okay I will come after some time okay
then react
no no oh wow what a thing [laughs] hey
wow you are keeping calm look wow ha
yours [sangeet] laughter but I might die because of
you
hello ji good morning how are you all
today is the third Monday of Savan Har Har Mahadev I am
fasting today Malan saheb is
saying today I will not
say anything I will remain absolutely silent the whole day people
keep fast by not eating I
will keep fast by not saying anything today he did not wake me up till 6:30 in the morning today.
Otherwise, when their alarm
rings at 6:00, they wake them up. Didn't pick it up today.
Then I took coffee but he still didn't say anything. Just got
ready and came. From there till here, keep
quiet, no talking. And here also, now
look, you came from behind.
I will not say anything today. Today I will observe a silent fast. I came back after taking a
walk as usual,
I first order whatever we
need, daily groceries and
water which is a must, we always order Bisleri,
so I ordered on SWGI, I ordered two
Bisleri and milk, today is Monday so I had to go to the temple, so I
ordered a packet of milk and also I
mean I ordered a lot of things, so what happened, the
delivery executive of SWIG got the
pre-entry approved before me,
that was done. After that
he asked me for the code.
I am telling you what happened to me this morning.
They asked me for the delivery code. So
I said, brother, have you reached? He is saying
yes, I just want to track the location,
so I need the delivery code. So
I gave them the delivery code. I am waiting.
Now it's coming to 12 and I'm
sitting here waiting for him for an hour. That means
I have to go to the temple today also. I have to do the puja now.
You assume it's 11:00. So
far I have just come from taking a bath. Now I have
not come after waiting. I am calling.
Not picking up the call. Then I
called the helpline at Swigg and they said,
okay, this is your order. Okay,
we will put the call on hold. We
try to contact the delivery executive.
You put the call on hold. I
put the call on hold for 15 minutes and after that there was
no response. Phone cut. I am calling now. I am
calling. No one is picking up the call.
This scam happened to me early this morning
and after that I am waiting. Now I have come after taking
bath and am waiting.
Those who want to take me to the temple will
take me to the temple. I am ready.
So till then I will light the lamp
and we will prepare the food.
A few minutes later,
doubt. You're back
inside the fridge again.
I started thinking about food and drinks but I had
forgotten that I have started my
diet today. So I can't eat. Oh, I have also
started the same from today.
Here, here, a gift has come for you.
Hey what is this? Unfold a Thought
Sweety sent this to me. Dear Malan Family Just
a little gesture of love from someone who
genuinely admired your family for this many
years. This is for Abu Love from Lucknow.
I received this at 3:00 in the night. A
gift came from Lucknow. Thank you sweetie. You are
so sweet. Sweety.
Open it up guys. Open it. [laughter] Just a little bit,
sir.
You are not slow in packing a bit.
In unpacking.
If unboxing was good, then
why would I be opening your birthday gifts
?
YouTube
Hey what is this?
What is? I was thinking chocolate is
something.
What is there to eat?
No, this is for decoration. There are miniature dolls from Cute Cute.
Sister-in-law has come. [laughter]
Determination has come. Nisha dropped everyone.
all fall Down.
And this Prerna Didi came.
Everyone came. This is so cute, thank you
sweety, you're so sweet sweety,
so we are going to Polu di's house
for the shoot, Nischay is sitting in the car, I will also
go quickly, we have come to Polu di's house
and just now I saw that
someone has stuck a chewing gum on the handle on the other side of this Defender car,
I will try to remove it by throwing it,
why would someone throw it at someone's car, but
look, it has ruined the entire car, it will have to be
cleaned properly, you see, it has not even been removed,
someone has deliberately thrown it
there or stuck it there, we have come to Polu di's house, the
shoot has started there,
I am waiting here, I will go when my part comes, right now
we have shot the video from Polu di's house
and we are going back home, yes, we have
shot in just half an hour,
we are just leaving, we played
a little with Asher, did you enjoy it, yes, yes,
two hours later,
mom is getting ready today, otherwise there is nothing new
because both of us always get ready
brother, today After so long a new movie has come, so
we thought let's go and watch it and
pass some time.
Today Abhishek has given an ultimatum to Papa.
Yes, the biggest thing is that today we all are at home.
Abhishek is also at home and he said
that Papa was refusing as always, so he is saying
that no, today you will go because
I am also going. So [laughs] so out of
fear of Abhishek, I got ready quickly.
Today is the first time I have seen Papa listening to Abhishek. First of all, I am
sitting ready.
That's why I am saying that you all should go away. I am
not going because right now only Papa is ready.
Because someone was coming to meet me and he also had to
come at the same time. So he is saying I am not going.
Nanu said, I have got the
book done. I do not know. And he has already
left.
Yes, he has gone to get the car. It has
come out. Now we will also leave.
You convinced Papa today.
Two show boys. Yes, wearing a Superman locket has made
you a dope shop boy. By the way,
tell me what happened in Traitors later. There
is a privilege in your existence. The
rest of the story of Traitors can be known before watching it.
You know it but I cannot tell the world because
I have signed this contract. [laughter] If I did, I would be
picked up from home.
Religious productions will come here.
Dharmatic production is my favorite
production. I love you.
Come on, come on, it's getting late. Nisha has already gone to get the car.
Sing the song first. Oh, they look like purple eggplants. If
I wear yellow, you look like a
lemon. I look like a
lemon. If I wear purple, I look like an eggplant.
Purple eggplant. He
says this because he himself
wears only black and white.
So life is black and white. Yes.
So you think,
someone please fill this color in my life.
Mom, it seems I will have to search for it now.
[laughter] To
color. It is going to be
coloured.
Hey, get out brother. Come
see what is written on Papa's T-shirt. [laughs]
I made a big mistake by saying yes.
This is what they're saying: my marriage was a
mistake.
Everything is a mistake. But mom, here I don't see
berries, forget about brinjals.
Yes.
Guess how mom looks?
Jamun.
Of falsel [laughs]
because [laughs] my children love
falsel na. That's why I am wearing the color of Falsa.
Okay, come on, we're getting late. Papa is also coming
from behind. Let's go. Let's Bounce
Guys. He is honking from outside. The entire
Malhan family has gone out today.
Not a single seat will be vacant in the train today. Sir is sitting right now.
Brother, the movie did not release for so many days, so I did
not get a chance. Get out.
I feel like you have come out after almost a month.
This is the best thing about the eye of the buffalo. The
poor guy also got worried. Had booked it.
Papa is not visible.
Come on come on
love this car brother
true very beautiful car it is we have reached
everyone is still looking for the lift lobby
by the way today must have happened for the first time with papa we
are late in the movie now we have also
made papa like us with everyone
look at his glasses
nishchay minus [laughs] there is a
bandage in front of the eyes what are you saying
clean it and it keeps
moving like that. Such beautiful
decoration has been done for Independence Day in the mall.
Balloons etc. have been placed inside also.
By the way we have reached the theatre guys. It's
started [music]. The
movie is over guys. And the food is also finished.
All the food is finished.
Look, there is a different meet up going on here.
Photo Session: Mom and Dad are looking so cute
together, watching trailers here and
brother-in-law's photo session is going on there.
A few moments later
you remembered me [song voice] then I
remembered you today
[song voice]. My restless days are
my restless nights. What should I do, tell me something about
my glasses [singing voice], it's
all about the fug. I want a clear taste of
your [singing voice]
my
relationship [singing voice] darling, it should be like a brinjal
[laughs].
So Hans Proview,
we have come after watching Emraan Hashmi's movie. That's all there is to
today's movie review.
Yours and
mine relationship continues. [laughter]
Hey, where's the Krishna picture?
I have not yet come to the society to read the script of the movie.
Came out and was in the parking lot.
What is this agony?
All of Bollywood aside. And Emraan Hashmi on one
side.
Papa, how did you like it? Maybe Nonu is singing songs on one side,
people are feeling pain in their hearts, see,
my arms have started paining
why [laughs] I do
n't know, I
ate too much, I say it started paining while eating, I
ate so much food that my hands started paining
[laughs] that's why he
went, he said I am going because of the greed for food,
Papa is so cute, he is confessing himself,
brother, look, he said he wants to go and eat food, so as soon as I reached
there, I
ordered food for at least 10 people and then
five of us also finished all that.
[laughs] I
ate it very tightly. That's why look at it like this. I don't
say it just like that. They just
say fat.
No more fat.
Or the boy is taking a fitness challenge.
What will he do now?
Just thought about it here. [laughter]
When will the execution take place? I didn't
think about this.
How did you both come?
Which one have you come for?
What
is this agony? Aisi [song voice] why are
you saja [song voice] I
remembered it today, the
copyright will come, it's so good too [laughs] the
song has become
painful in my heart,
hello guys, did you recognize me, don't let's go,
today I have brought out the coolest outfit from my wardrobe,
check the outfit again, you wo
n't have to go to the sea, there is a pool below
also. We are going to father's place.
Come on, come on.
Where to go?
Now I have to knock directly.
What is this? [laughter]
And why is that? I
brought it to scare you.
Why is this this?
Think who might have given this?
Who?
Your brother.
Your brother gave me this as a birthday gift
two years ago. So
I was making a reel wearing it just now and I am scaring everyone.
Show me the fear, do that when you're sneaking around, I'm
coming.
Baby Sha Du Baby Shadu
[praise] I'm going Mummy.
Wow [laughs] anything down the water. Go into the flower
and hit the slams. At
11:00 the man is on the verge of falling asleep.
[laughter] Sister is coming and showing him the shark.
I thought it was the same thing that was made earlier as Gopi Bahu
and now no, no,
this is becoming a vogue. A good vlog is
made, I felt that after becoming Gopi Babu, it has taken a
dip. Now I have marked it for 24 hours. My
laptop has taken a dip. It has become content.
Everyday I transform into a new
person. Okay guys,
bye-bye, okay bye bye,
good night Abbu Bhaiya, bye bye
good night.
Now we are going to Patidev's place,
not like this.
Hello hello hello hello. Hey,
see who has come. [Laughter] Hey,
hey friend, see, yes yes yes.
[Laughter] I
come to my senses only when I am in some intense situation of the game.
Hey brother [Laughter] I am having a very intense moment
of Dota.
Okay, I will come after some time. Okay,
then give your reaction.
No no, oh wow, what a thing. [Laughter]
Hey wow, you are maintaining your calm. Look, yes
[Laughter] I have put in
all the adjectives.
Now we will go to mom and dad.
Straight right right right.
Hey brother, if you drive like this then it will be a pole meet.
No, just straight.
Is the
light in his room not on?
No.
Hello Papa.
She's come to wake everyone up.
Hey, go and sleep after eating. [laughter]
What happened?
Right now
we are also confused, Uncle, this
bus [laughs] will open the gate and go for a dip.
Baby sh doo baby sh [laughs]
baby sham
oh aunty has a cough. [laughter]
Hey, what's wrong, Mom? Are you ok.
Oh brother, see a doctor. [laughter]
Okay guys, good night. I
woke up [laughs]
Hey man,
I just came to say good night, Papa, do you
need water? It's
very hot. I didn't keep the glass for me.
Okay, is this what
Nischay gave me two years ago as a birthday gift?
He's thinking of it as a Shaq costume. [laughs]
I sent him a reel once saying, "Dude,
this looks really cute. He gave me
this on my birthday."
Just for your sake, just for your sake. [laughs]
Okay, guys, good night. So, yes,
guys, here's a very
intense FIFA match going on, the score is
so crazy. Only zero, I'm
winning. [laughs] I've conceded
nine goals in 54 minutes,
man. This guy isn't letting me score a single goal.
Man, man, go ahead and shoot. I've left the remote.
Okay, I don't want any alms.
By the way, this is the third game. The first one is
coming out
with 11-0 goals. Okay, brother,
zero, 10 goals. Oh, take it, take it, take it, take it. Poor guy, no, no,
I'm actually training him like in FIFA. By
jumping around him.
So look, the master
teaches his disciple by beating him, so
I am beating him now, he will
remember these moments, after that he will
defeat me in the future, do
n't give him a chance, friend. Let me score a goal.
My life will be successful. Brother, I am
playing this for the fourth or fifth time. They have been
playing since fourth and fifth grade. [laughter]
