I have noticed that I don't go out of the house very late I have noticed that I don't go out of the house very late I have noticed that I don't go out of the house very late in life. It seems like after in life. It seems like after in life. It seems like after coming to the metropolitan cities, I found out that wow, coming to the metropolitan cities, I found out that wow, coming to the metropolitan cities, I found out that wow, people's personalities are very different. I people's personalities are very different. I people's personalities are very different. I mean, after coming here, I found out that mean, after coming here, I found out that mean, after coming here, I found out that people also chill. How many people chill? people also chill. How many people chill? people also chill. How many people chill? Give me a Give me a Give me a chair. I cannot relate to you at all. I was not brought up in chair. I cannot relate to you at all. I was not brought up in chair. I cannot relate to you at all. I was not brought up in such a way that I can chill. such a way that I can chill. such a way that I can chill. You must have seen confident children, You must have seen confident children, You must have seen confident children, confident parents, confident families. confident parents, confident families. confident parents, confident families. Confidence comes from home. Our nervous Confidence comes from home. Our nervous Confidence comes from home. Our nervous parents, worried children, suspicious families. I do I do I do n't even have that palpitations in my personality. My heart keeps on palpitating. Really, n't even have that palpitations in my personality. My heart keeps on palpitating. Really, n't even have that palpitations in my personality. My heart keeps on palpitating. Really, friend. You must have read that you are the people you hang friend. You must have read that you are the people you hang friend. You must have read that you are the people you hang out with. I've hung out out with. I've hung out out with. I've hung out with my parents. Mostly, so I am such people. Now, I have with my parents. Mostly, so I am such people. Now, I have with my parents. Mostly, so I am such people. Now, I have seen so much nervousness at home. It seems like there is seen so much nervousness at home. It seems like there is no match to my mother in being nervous. My father had no match to my mother in being nervous. My father had no match to my mother in being nervous. My father had installed a CCTV camera so that there should be no theft. installed a CCTV camera so that there should be no theft. installed a CCTV camera so that there should be no theft. Now his biggest fear is that the CCTV will go off. I saw the first person at one o'clock in the night.  You would get go off. I saw the first person at one o'clock in the night.  You would get go off. I saw the first person at one o'clock in the night.  You would get up and check the CCTV, there are a up and check the CCTV, there are a up and check the CCTV, there are a lot of thefts happening every night these days, lot of thefts happening every night these days, lot of thefts happening every night these days, don't switch off the CCTV and sleep, don't switch off the CCTV and sleep, don't switch off the CCTV and sleep, we have written on the CCTV, keep in we have written on the CCTV, keep in we have written on the CCTV, keep in mind that it is under our surveillance, the day you got the CCTV installed, you were CCTV installed, you were CCTV installed, you were standing outside, watching the live phone feed standing outside, watching the live phone feed standing outside, watching the live phone feed in the drive for 10 minutes, wondering who is in the drive for 10 minutes, wondering who is in the drive for 10 minutes, wondering who is standing there, came in, went out, for a month, every night only a month, every night only a month, every night only one photo of Papa came out from the CCTV, these are the people, friend, people watch people, friend, people watch people, friend, people watch sunset like this, did you see that we sunset like this, did you see that we sunset like this, did you see that we would chill after watching the sunset, I would get annoyed would chill after watching the sunset, I would get annoyed would chill after watching the sunset, I would get annoyed quickly, look it is getting dark, you must be getting a call from home, it is quickly, look it is getting dark, you must be getting a call from home, it is quickly, look it is getting dark, you must be getting a call from home, it is dark in our house, it is like dark in our house, it is like dark in our house, it is like tearing the roof, anxiety outside is our favorite time to pass, tearing the roof, anxiety outside is our favorite time to pass, tearing the roof, anxiety outside is our favorite time to pass, in panic we start telling each other the time, in panic we start telling each other the time, in panic we start telling each other the time, 8:30 o'clock, 8:30 o'clock, 8:30 o'clock, 8:30 o'clock, pa gpa, it is dark after drinking, dark after drinking, dark after drinking, Papa it is Papa it is Papa it is dark every day, we get a call, come home, it is dark every day, we get a call, come home, it is dark every day, we get a call, come home, it is dark, I said Papa, I am your child, I am dark, I said Papa, I am your child, I am dark, I said Papa, I am your child, I am more scared of you, I am at home, I am more scared of you, I am at home, I am more scared of you, I am at home, I am sitting upstairs, hi, whom is on top, hey, I am not saying like this, don't be careful  One not saying like this, don't be careful  One not saying like this, don't be careful  One should be careful of course but should be careful of course but should be careful of course but why the need to be fearful, right? why the need to be fearful, right? why the need to be fearful, right? We are fearful, I mean if we get an OTP from the bank, We are fearful, I mean if we get an OTP from the bank, We are fearful, I mean if we get an OTP from the bank, why the need to close the door? While why the need to close the door? While why the need to close the door? While reading, lock the door, the OTP comes, the reading, lock the door, the OTP comes, the reading, lock the door, the OTP comes, the OTP OTP OTP comes, by then the OTP expires, there are comes, by then the OTP expires, there are comes, by then the OTP expires, there are six locks on two doors, but I am afraid that the six locks on two doors, but I am afraid that the six locks on two doors, but I am afraid that the day an earthquake comes or day an earthquake comes or day an earthquake comes or there is a fire in the house, our entire family will there is a fire in the house, our entire family will there is a fire in the house, our entire family will die under the Godrej locks, die under the Godrej locks, die under the Godrej locks, we won't be able to get free in time, we won't be able to get free in time, we won't be able to get free in time, brother, we will have to jump from the windows, the brother, we will have to jump from the windows, the brother, we will have to jump from the windows, the re-conditioning also becomes so bad, otherwise I feel re-conditioning also becomes so bad, otherwise I feel re-conditioning also becomes so bad, otherwise I feel more nervous than happy, do more nervous than happy, do more nervous than happy, do you have any complaint, my mother would ward off the evil eye so much, an uncle came to our house, the my mother would ward off the evil eye so much, an uncle came to our house, the my mother would ward off the evil eye so much, an uncle came to our house, the uncle had a wooden leg, he had a uncle had a wooden leg, he had a uncle had a wooden leg, he had a prosthetic, looking at him she would say his prosthetic, looking at him she would say his prosthetic, looking at him she would say his touchwood is right, I am not telling you the fun happened at what level, and I am not telling you the fun happened at what level, and I am not telling you the fun happened at what level, and my father has been telling me from the beginning my father has been telling me from the beginning my father has been telling me from the beginning not to give 20 rupees in one pocket, don't keep so much cash in one pocket, did you see, not to give 20 rupees in one pocket, don't keep so much cash in one pocket, did you see, not to give 20 rupees in one pocket, don't keep so much cash in one pocket, did you see, he used to make us take five 20 rupee coins and he used to make us take five 20 rupee coins and he used to make us take five 20 rupee coins and keep them in separate pockets  The keep them in separate pockets  The child is roaming around like a piggy bank, go to school, I got tensed, child is roaming around like a piggy bank, go to school, I got tensed, child is roaming around like a piggy bank, go to school, I got tensed, all the all the all the cash got opened, I studied from Punjab, PT sir also said, cash got opened, I studied from Punjab, PT sir also said, cash got opened, I studied from Punjab, PT sir also said, currency is falling down, those days are today, they do down, those days are today, they do down, those days are today, they do n't even let me keep cash, keep cash at one place, if you go on a n't even let me keep cash, keep cash at one place, if you go on a n't even let me keep cash, keep cash at one place, if you go on a trip, get such 500 rupee notes opened and give them trip, get such 500 rupee notes opened and give them trip, get such 500 rupee notes opened and give them to Kutch, keep them at different places, to Kutch, keep them at different places, to Kutch, keep them at different places, keep them at different places in the house also, keep them at different places in the house also, house was stolen from different places, Mummy's house was stolen from different places, Mummy's house was stolen from different places, Mummy's darling Sunita darling Sunita darling Sunita said see, it is our mistake that we were not careful, said see, it is our mistake that we were not careful, said see, it is our mistake that we were not careful, I said what is not our fault in this, we should be I said what is not our fault in this, we should be I said what is not our fault in this, we should be careful, we should avoid any untoward incident, I careful, we should avoid any untoward incident, I careful, we should avoid any untoward incident, I said the untoward incident is roaming inside us, we are said the untoward incident is roaming inside us, we are said the untoward incident is roaming inside us, we are saying no, you don't know, I said yes, saying no, you don't know, I said yes, saying no, you don't know, I said yes, okay, say change your attitude, now as soon as okay, say change your attitude, now as soon as okay, say change your attitude, now as soon as she comes my mother calls out, she comes my mother calls out, she comes my mother calls out, Gurleen, turn on all the CCTV cameras inside the house, Gurleen, turn on all the CCTV cameras inside the house, Gurleen, turn on all the CCTV cameras inside the house, don't install a single CCTV inside the house, don't install a single CCTV inside the house, don't install a single CCTV inside the house, I still look into Sunita's eyes and turn I still look into Sunita's eyes and turn on one switch on the switchboard every day, Sunita is shocked, on one switch on the switchboard every day, Sunita is shocked, on one switch on the switchboard every day, Sunita is shocked, what kind of CCTV is this, the fan starts as soon as it is turned on. what kind of CCTV is this, the fan starts as soon as it is turned on. what kind of CCTV is this, the fan starts as soon as it is turned on. And this is a very strange thing about Sunita, And this is a very strange thing about Sunita, And this is a very strange thing about Sunita, my mother, my mother's marriage was fulfilled, my mother, my mother's marriage was fulfilled, my mother, my mother's marriage was fulfilled, my mother has been with Sunita, my mother has been with Sunita, my mother has been with Sunita, she had taken away the life of our grandfather in our house, she had taken away the life of our grandfather in our house, she had taken away the life of our grandfather in our house, brother, cooking food, brother, cooking food, brother, cooking food, we were making chicken, we we were making chicken, we we were making chicken, we put whole spices in it, okay, a walnut came, put whole spices in it, okay, a walnut came, put whole spices in it, okay, a walnut came, people would break it in its shell, okay, she thought people would break it in its shell, okay, she thought people would break it in its shell, okay, she thought this is also a whole spice, the big cardamom was very this is also a whole spice, the big cardamom was very this is also a whole spice, the big cardamom was very thick, thick, thick, uncle saw it, he also thought it must be a uncle saw it, he also thought it must be a uncle saw it, he also thought it must be a boneless piece, he was also eating it fast, the boneless piece, he was also eating it fast, the boneless piece, he was also eating it fast, the walnut came, it could not even be chewed, it came out, the walnut got walnut came, it could not even be chewed, it came out, the walnut got walnut came, it could not even be chewed, it came out, the walnut got stuck here, the chicken here, stuck here, the chicken here, stuck here, the chicken here, gas is formed here, the walnut is stuck here, gas is formed here, the walnut is stuck here, gas is formed here, the walnut is stuck here, this poor guy is roaming around the whole house like a bottle of Banta, it is this poor guy is roaming around the whole house like a bottle of Banta, it is so much fun, isn't it, in Delhi, do I so much fun, isn't it, in Delhi, do I so much fun, isn't it, in Delhi, do I not have to explain the bottle of Banta to people, do I do anything else except Banta, Banta, Banta, friend, I I do anything else except Banta, Banta, Banta, friend, I I do anything else except Banta, Banta, Banta, friend, I go home, friend, I do go home, friend, I do go home, friend, I do n't even know what a bottle of Banta is, it n't even know what a bottle of Banta is, it n't even know what a bottle of Banta is, it became uncle's bottle, uncle did became uncle's bottle, uncle did became uncle's bottle, uncle did not breathe, we made grandfather eat it, we made a ketchup bottle, not breathe, we made grandfather eat it, we made a ketchup bottle, not breathe, we made grandfather eat it, we made a ketchup bottle, brother, we  Our grandfather is in panic, we will brother, we  Our grandfather is in panic, we will brother, we  Our grandfather is in panic, we will save him friend and the whole family is in panic, they have save him friend and the whole family is in panic, they have save him friend and the whole family is in panic, they have slapped each other a couple of times, slapped each other a couple of times, my mother was hitting him very hard, I my mother was hitting him very hard, I said why have you taken this unfortunate incident as an opportunity, nothing will happen to said why have you taken this unfortunate incident as an opportunity, nothing will happen to me, I me, I me, I said don't take a run up, said don't take a run up, said don't take a run up, we are working for this, isn't it, my brother came and we are working for this, isn't it, my brother came and we are working for this, isn't it, my brother came and hit hit hit grandfather, the bottle opened like this, grandfather, the bottle opened like this, grandfather, the bottle opened like this, we saw the walnut, one went we saw the walnut, one went we saw the walnut, one went in, how did two come out, bastard, it was broken, broken, broken, it was completely it was completely it was completely finished, finished, finished, people would like to call you dirty, I will not even call you cheap, people would like to call you dirty, I will not even call you cheap, people would like to call you dirty, I will not even call you cheap, I am ashamed of you, shame on you, I am ashamed of you, shame on you, I am ashamed of you, shame on you, Windows is open in his mind, a Windows is open in his mind, a Windows is open in his mind, a tab is open in it, he has opened the site, he tab is open in it, he has opened the site, he tab is open in it, he has opened the site, he went to the category, he has caught the image from there, oh he must have went to the category, he has caught the image from there, oh he must have went to the category, he has caught the image from there, oh he must have looked like this, really, grandfather, his breath came back, he is really, grandfather, his breath came back, he is really, grandfather, his breath came back, he is talking such nonsense, he is saying that Yamraj is talking such nonsense, he is saying that Yamraj is talking such nonsense, he is saying that Yamraj is thin, have you seen the main gate of heaven today, the seen the main gate of heaven today, the seen the main gate of heaven today, the main gate of heaven, father is saying should I install CCTV, is this the time to ask questions, at this time time to ask questions, at this time time to ask questions, at this time this is asked, where are the property papers h