I have noticed that I don't go out of the house very late
in life. It seems like after
coming to the metropolitan cities, I found out that wow,
people's personalities are very different. I
mean, after coming here, I found out that
people also chill. How many people chill?
Give me a
chair. I cannot relate to you at all. I was not brought up in
such a way that I can chill.
You must have seen confident children,
confident parents, confident families.
Confidence comes from home. Our nervous
parents, worried
children, suspicious
families.
I do
n't even have that palpitations in my personality. My heart keeps on palpitating. Really,
friend. You must have read that you are the people you hang
out with. I've hung out
with my parents. Mostly, so I am such people. Now, I have
seen so much nervousness at home. It seems like there is
no match to my mother in being nervous. My father had
installed a CCTV camera so that there should be no theft.
Now his biggest fear is that the CCTV will
go off. I saw the first person at one o'clock in the night. You would get
up and check the CCTV, there are a
lot of thefts happening every night these days,
don't switch off the CCTV and sleep,
we have written on the CCTV, keep in
mind that it is under our surveillance, the day you got the
CCTV installed, you were
standing outside, watching the live phone feed
in the drive for 10 minutes, wondering who is
standing there, came in, went out, for
a month, every night only
one photo of Papa came out from the CCTV, these are the
people, friend, people watch
sunset like this, did you see that we
would chill after watching the sunset, I would get annoyed
quickly, look it is getting dark, you must be getting a call from home, it is
dark in our house, it is like
tearing the roof, anxiety outside is our favorite time to pass,
in panic we start telling each other the time,
8:30 o'clock, 8:30 o'clock, 8:30 o'clock, 8:30 o'clock, pa gpa, it is
dark after drinking,
Papa it is
dark every day, we get a call, come home, it is
dark, I said Papa, I am your child, I am
more scared of you, I am at home, I am
sitting upstairs, hi, whom is on top, hey, I am
not saying like this, don't be careful One
should be careful of course but
why the need to be fearful, right?
We are fearful, I mean if we get an OTP from the bank,
why the need to close the door? While
reading, lock the door, the OTP comes, the
OTP
comes, by then the OTP expires, there are
six locks on two doors, but I am afraid that the
day an earthquake comes or
there is a fire in the house, our entire family will
die under the Godrej locks,
we won't be able to get free in time,
brother, we will have to jump from the windows, the
re-conditioning also becomes so bad, otherwise I feel
more nervous than happy, do
you have any complaint,
my mother would ward off the evil eye so much, an uncle came to our house, the
uncle had a wooden leg, he had a
prosthetic, looking at him she would say his
touchwood is right,
I am not telling you the fun happened at what level, and
my father has been telling me from the beginning
not to give 20 rupees in one pocket, don't keep so much cash in one pocket, did you see,
he used to make us take five 20 rupee coins and
keep them in separate pockets The
child is roaming around like a piggy bank, go to school, I got tensed,
all the
cash got opened, I studied from Punjab, PT sir also said,
currency is falling
down, those days are today, they do
n't even let me keep cash, keep cash at one place, if you go on a
trip, get such 500 rupee notes opened and give them
to Kutch, keep them at different places,
keep them at different places in the house also,
house was stolen from different places, Mummy's
darling Sunita
said see, it is our mistake that we were not careful,
I said what is not our fault in this, we should be
careful, we should avoid any untoward incident, I
said the untoward incident is roaming inside us, we are
saying no, you don't know, I said yes,
okay, say change your attitude, now as soon as
she comes my mother calls out,
Gurleen, turn on all the CCTV cameras inside the house,
don't install a single CCTV inside the house,
I still look into Sunita's eyes and turn
on one switch on the switchboard every day, Sunita is shocked,
what kind of CCTV is this, the fan starts as soon as it is turned on.
And this is a very strange thing about Sunita,
my mother, my mother's marriage was fulfilled,
my mother has been with Sunita,
she had taken away the life of our grandfather in our house,
brother, cooking food,
we were making chicken, we
put whole spices in it, okay, a walnut came,
people would break it in its shell, okay, she thought
this is also a whole spice, the big cardamom was very
thick,
uncle saw it, he also thought it must be a
boneless piece, he was also eating it fast, the
walnut came, it could not even be chewed, it came out, the walnut got
stuck here, the chicken here,
gas is formed here, the walnut is stuck here,
this poor guy is roaming around the whole house like a bottle of Banta, it is
so much fun, isn't it, in Delhi, do I
not have to explain the bottle of Banta to people, do
I do anything else except Banta, Banta, Banta, friend, I
go home, friend, I do
n't even know what a bottle of Banta is, it
became uncle's bottle, uncle did
not breathe, we made grandfather eat it, we made a ketchup bottle,
brother, we Our grandfather is in panic, we will
save him friend and the whole family is in panic, they have
slapped each other a couple of times,
my mother was hitting him very hard, I
said why have you taken this unfortunate incident as an opportunity, nothing will happen to
me, I
said don't take a run up,
we are working for this, isn't it, my brother came and
hit
grandfather, the bottle opened like this,
we saw the walnut, one went
in, how did two come out, bastard, it was
broken,
it was completely
finished,
people would like to call you dirty, I will not even call you cheap,
I am ashamed of you, shame on you,
Windows is open in his mind, a
tab is open in it, he has opened the site, he
went to the category, he has caught the image from there, oh he must have
looked like this,
really, grandfather, his breath came back, he is
talking such nonsense, he is saying that Yamraj is
thin, have you
seen the main gate of heaven today, the
main gate of heaven, father is saying should I install CCTV, is this the
time to ask questions, at this time
this is asked, where are the property papers
h
