Do you know where the kings and queens used to go to relieve themselves Do you know where the kings and queens used to go to relieve themselves Do you know where the kings and queens used to go to relieve themselves ?  I had brought my sisters to ?  I had brought my sisters to ?  I had brought my sisters to a fort where the entire a fort where the entire a fort where the entire wedding procession had disappeared.  You must have heard the name of Garh Kundar Fort. wedding procession had disappeared.  You must have heard the name of Garh Kundar Fort. wedding procession had disappeared.  You must have heard the name of Garh Kundar Fort. By the way, I did not By the way, I did not By the way, I did not make a full long vug of it.  Those who haven't make a full long vug of it.  Those who haven't make a full long vug of it.  Those who haven't seen it yet, click on the link below and seen it yet, click on the link below and seen it yet, click on the link below and watch it now.  This is the entrance of the fort.  Let me tell you that watch it now.  This is the entrance of the fort.  Let me tell you that watch it now.  This is the entrance of the fort.  Let me tell you that this fort was built about 1500 years ago and the this fort was built about 1500 years ago and the this fort was built about 1500 years ago and the loot from 52 different forts is loot from 52 different forts is loot from 52 different forts is hidden inside it.  If we get that, the hidden inside it.  If we get that, the hidden inside it.  If we get that, the whole country of India will become rich.  And whole country of India will become rich.  And whole country of India will become rich.  And we had also come to see this.  And it was so dark that we got we had also come to see this.  And it was so dark that we got we had also come to see this.  And it was so dark that we got separated from each other.  It is a blessing that the separated from each other.  It is a blessing that the separated from each other.  It is a blessing that the government got the doors to its basement government got the doors to its basement government got the doors to its basement closed.  Otherwise, no one would have been able to return home today. closed.  Otherwise, no one would have been able to return home today. closed.  Otherwise, no one would have been able to return home today. Well, we climbed the steep stairs and Well, we climbed the steep stairs and Well, we climbed the steep stairs and came up.  So here we saw the place from where the came up.  So here we saw the place from where the came up.  So here we saw the place from where the other army was attacked and now I will other army was attacked and now I will other army was attacked and now I will show you the place from where the show you the place from where the show you the place from where the king and queen living in this palace used to defecate. king and queen living in this palace used to defecate. king and queen living in this palace used to defecate. Sit at this place and the goods material is straight down Sit at this place and the goods material is straight down Sit at this place and the goods material is straight down in the forest and before leaving, definitely check the long block. in the forest and before leaving, definitely check the long block.