If you want to get licked from the top If you want to get licked from the top If you want to get licked from the top to the bottom from your head to your to the bottom from your head to your to the bottom from your head to your toes, baby, you need this. Hello, baby dolls. Welcome back to the Hello, baby dolls. Welcome back to the Hello, baby dolls. Welcome back to the channel. Or if you're new here, welcome. channel. Or if you're new here, welcome. channel. Or if you're new here, welcome. I've actually got a couple new recent I've actually got a couple new recent I've actually got a couple new recent subscribers. I noticed on my last video subscribers. I noticed on my last video subscribers. I noticed on my last video a bunch of new people were coming from a bunch of new people were coming from a bunch of new people were coming from my last video. So, hey y'all. How are we my last video. So, hey y'all. How are we my last video. So, hey y'all. How are we feeling today? I'm feeling good. I am feeling today? I'm feeling good. I am feeling today? I'm feeling good. I am feeling great. Today we are doing a feeling great. Today we are doing a feeling great. Today we are doing a little hygiene shopping. I need a little hygiene shopping. I need a little hygiene shopping. I need a restock. I need a hygiene refresh. I restock. I need a hygiene refresh. I restock. I need a hygiene refresh. I haven't been shopping for hygiene haven't been shopping for hygiene haven't been shopping for hygiene products in products in products in a pretty a pretty long time. All of my a pretty a pretty long time. All of my a pretty a pretty long time. All of my stuff is low. So, I figured I would take stuff is low. So, I figured I would take stuff is low. So, I figured I would take you guys along with me to go restock and you guys along with me to go restock and you guys along with me to go restock and re-up because I do get a lot of hygiene re-up because I do get a lot of hygiene re-up because I do get a lot of hygiene questions. So, that'll just help out, questions. So, that'll just help out, questions. So, that'll just help out, too. And yeah, I just need to update my too. And yeah, I just need to update my too. And yeah, I just need to update my stuff. I started getting ready, but I stuff. I started getting ready, but I stuff. I started getting ready, but I was like, you know what? Let me get was like, you know what? Let me get was like, you know what? Let me get ready with y'all. ready with y'all. ready with y'all. Um I kind of did my makeup a little bit. Um I kind of did my makeup a little bit. Um I kind of did my makeup a little bit. But, I added a little lash cluster, for But, I added a little lash cluster, for But, I added a little lash cluster, for real. Got my little makeup bag. I'm real. Got my little makeup bag. I'm real. Got my little makeup bag. I'm really just running errands, but y'all really just running errands, but y'all really just running errands, but y'all know me. I like to romanticize, get know me. I like to romanticize, get know me. I like to romanticize, get ready, slow mornings, just everything ready, slow mornings, just everything ready, slow mornings, just everything cute. I'm wearing pink today. I have cute. I'm wearing pink today. I have cute. I'm wearing pink today. I have this little pink tank top that I got this little pink tank top that I got this little pink tank top that I got from Fashion Nova. And then I got these from Fashion Nova. And then I got these from Fashion Nova. And then I got these super cute jean shorts. I honestly super cute jean shorts. I honestly super cute jean shorts. I honestly thought they were going to be way thought they were going to be way thought they were going to be way longer, but they're not. But, it's okay. longer, but they're not. But, it's okay. longer, but they're not. But, it's okay. We're just running errands. But, it's so We're just running errands. But, it's so We're just running errands. But, it's so humid here in Dallas. So, it's fine. humid here in Dallas. So, it's fine. humid here in Dallas. So, it's fine. It's literally like so hot, you guys. I It's literally like so hot, you guys. I It's literally like so hot, you guys. I mean, you start sweating. And it's like mean, you start sweating. And it's like mean, you start sweating. And it's like raining. It's just it's gross. So, I raining. It's just it's gross. So, I raining. It's just it's gross. So, I need as less clothes as possible. Also, need as less clothes as possible. Also, need as less clothes as possible. Also, today we're going to do like a girly today we're going to do like a girly today we're going to do like a girly chat. I know you guys want to see my chat. I know you guys want to see my chat. I know you guys want to see my car. So, I'm going to do a little car. So, I'm going to do a little car. So, I'm going to do a little Porsche blog or whatever. We'll sit in Porsche blog or whatever. We'll sit in Porsche blog or whatever. We'll sit in the car. We'll talk. I kind of want to the car. We'll talk. I kind of want to the car. We'll talk. I kind of want to give some like feminine advice and stuff give some like feminine advice and stuff give some like feminine advice and stuff because you guys ask me the most about because you guys ask me the most about because you guys ask me the most about feminine hygiene, curly hair, feminine hygiene, curly hair, feminine hygiene, curly hair, my car, my car, my car, what I do for content creation. So, what I do for content creation. So, what I do for content creation. So, we're just going to talk about all of we're just going to talk about all of we're just going to talk about all of the things, okay? Another episode, the things, okay? Another episode, the things, okay? Another episode, another weekly vlog with Jay. Okay, another weekly vlog with Jay. Okay, another weekly vlog with Jay. Okay, that's what today's going to be cuz I that's what today's going to be cuz I that's what today's going to be cuz I feel like I'm all over the place. Every feel like I'm all over the place. Every feel like I'm all over the place. Every time I start my videos, I'm like, what time I start my videos, I'm like, what time I start my videos, I'm like, what do I talk about? What do I say? But, do I talk about? What do I say? But, do I talk about? What do I say? But, I'm just Let's just chill. Let's just be normal, Let's just chill. Let's just be normal, Let's just chill. Let's just be normal, okay? First thing, y'all, I found this okay? First thing, y'all, I found this okay? First thing, y'all, I found this new lip oil from Farmasi and I swear new lip oil from Farmasi and I swear new lip oil from Farmasi and I swear it's like so freaking soft and it's like so freaking soft and it's like so freaking soft and ooh, it's like creamy. ooh, it's like creamy. ooh, it's like creamy. Makes my lips so freaking plump and it Makes my lips so freaking plump and it Makes my lips so freaking plump and it smells like honey. It's so good. And smells like honey. It's so good. And smells like honey. It's so good. And then I also have my Naturium I'm going then I also have my Naturium I'm going then I also have my Naturium I'm going to spray just a little bit. to spray just a little bit. to spray just a little bit. This is what I say, hydration mist. Makes you look really glowy. Mhm. Shout Makes you look really glowy. Mhm. Shout Makes you look really glowy. Mhm. Shout out Naturium. I love Naturium. We're out Naturium. I love Naturium. We're out Naturium. I love Naturium. We're going to purchase a new Naturium. I'm going to purchase a new Naturium. I'm going to purchase a new Naturium. I'm out of my Naturium body wash. I don't out of my Naturium body wash. I don't out of my Naturium body wash. I don't even know if I'm saying it right. even know if I'm saying it right. even know if I'm saying it right. Naturium? Naturum? Naturium? Naturum? Naturium? Naturum? How do you guys pronounce Naturium? Let How do you guys pronounce Naturium? Let How do you guys pronounce Naturium? Let me know in the comments because me know in the comments because me know in the comments because they be eating me up in the TikTok they be eating me up in the TikTok they be eating me up in the TikTok comments whenever I mispronounce comments whenever I mispronounce comments whenever I mispronounce something. I said La Roche Posay, the something. I said La Roche Posay, the something. I said La Roche Posay, the the skin care brand was a Korean skin the skin care brand was a Korean skin the skin care brand was a Korean skin care, but it's definitely French and care, but it's definitely French and care, but it's definitely French and they were eating my ass up in the they were eating my ass up in the they were eating my ass up in the comments. So, comments. So, comments. So, um I don't know what I'm going to do um I don't know what I'm going to do um I don't know what I'm going to do with my hair today, y'all. It's kind of with my hair today, y'all. It's kind of with my hair today, y'all. It's kind of just out today. I feel like I don't just out today. I feel like I don't just out today. I feel like I don't really need to do it for real because really need to do it for real because really need to do it for real because we're just going to run some errands, we're just going to run some errands, we're just going to run some errands, but I had it in this headband. Let's see but I had it in this headband. Let's see but I had it in this headband. Let's see how it looks. Let's fluff her out. Let's fluff her out Let's fluff her out. Let's fluff her out Let's fluff her out. Let's fluff her out and see. Ooh. and see. Ooh. and see. Ooh. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. We might have to style it. We might have to style it. We might have to style it. Looks a little crazy. But anyways, Looks a little crazy. But anyways, Looks a little crazy. But anyways, how are y'all doing? It's mid-April. how are y'all doing? It's mid-April. how are y'all doing? It's mid-April. It's kind of like the end of April. It's kind of like the end of April. It's kind of like the end of April. April showers bring May flowers. How are April showers bring May flowers. How are April showers bring May flowers. How are we feeling about spring? I'm low-key we feeling about spring? I'm low-key we feeling about spring? I'm low-key ready for summer. Like this summer I'm ready for summer. Like this summer I'm ready for summer. Like this summer I'm going to be on a yacht. I'm going to be going to be on a yacht. I'm going to be going to be on a yacht. I'm going to be out the country. I'm going to be all out the country. I'm going to be all out the country. I'm going to be all over the summer like for real, I'm so over the summer like for real, I'm so over the summer like for real, I'm so ready for the summer. Like I don't know ready for the summer. Like I don't know ready for the summer. Like I don't know what it is. It's something in the air, what it is. It's something in the air, what it is. It's something in the air, but it's literally something in the air, it's literally something in the air, it's literally something in the air, [\h__\h] I took a month off from YouTube [\h__\h] I took a month off from YouTube [\h__\h] I took a month off from YouTube and now I'm just ready to get back in and now I'm just ready to get back in and now I'm just ready to get back in the field like the field like the field like y'all, we're about to have so much fun y'all, we're about to have so much fun y'all, we're about to have so much fun this summer and you guys are coming this summer and you guys are coming this summer and you guys are coming along with me every step along with me every step along with me every step of the way, mostly. of the way, mostly. of the way, mostly. As much as I would I want y'all to, but As much as I would I want y'all to, but As much as I would I want y'all to, but I feel like I haven't talked to y'all in I feel like I haven't talked to y'all in I feel like I haven't talked to y'all in so long, so So have so much to like say. so long, so So have so much to like say. so long, so So have so much to like say. This hair is actually crazy. I honestly This hair is actually crazy. I honestly This hair is actually crazy. I honestly might just style my hair off camera might just style my hair off camera might just style my hair off camera because honestly we need to go. I kind because honestly we need to go. I kind because honestly we need to go. I kind of want to get my day started. I'm of want to get my day started. I'm of want to get my day started. I'm hanging out with my friends later. We're hanging out with my friends later. We're hanging out with my friends later. We're doing a little spades tournament. Me and doing a little spades tournament. Me and doing a little spades tournament. Me and my friends have been heavily heavily my friends have been heavily heavily my friends have been heavily heavily into spades lately. So into spades lately. So into spades lately. So yeah, I just want to go ahead and get yeah, I just want to go ahead and get yeah, I just want to go ahead and get this video out for you first cuz you this video out for you first cuz you this video out for you first cuz you know I'm work and then play, not vice know I'm work and then play, not vice know I'm work and then play, not vice versa, okay? So I'm about to get versa, okay? So I'm about to get versa, okay? So I'm about to get dressed, do my hair, dressed, do my hair, dressed, do my hair, come back, we'll do a little bit of come back, we'll do a little bit of come back, we'll do a little bit of finishing touches and then we can go. finishing touches and then we can go. finishing touches and then we can go. Here is the fit. I don't know if you Here is the fit. I don't know if you Here is the fit. I don't know if you guys can see for real, but guys can see for real, but guys can see for real, but it's very cute. It's just a simple it's very cute. It's just a simple it's very cute. It's just a simple little little little girly vibe. girly vibe. girly vibe. And then for my hair I did half up half And then for my hair I did half up half And then for my hair I did half up half down. down. down. That's what I did and then for jewelry I That's what I did and then for jewelry I That's what I did and then for jewelry I did a little necklace, my earrings of did a little necklace, my earrings of did a little necklace, my earrings of course, never leave the house without course, never leave the house without course, never leave the house without your ring right here, okay? And then I your ring right here, okay? And then I your ring right here, okay? And then I have my watch. have my watch. have my watch. And for shoes And for shoes And for shoes I'm going to do my spring, my cute I'm going to do my spring, my cute I'm going to do my spring, my cute spring and pink Christian Dior sandals. spring and pink Christian Dior sandals. spring and pink Christian Dior sandals. It just It goes perfect with the outfit It just It goes perfect with the outfit It just It goes perfect with the outfit like come on. And then I'm going to add like come on. And then I'm going to add like come on. And then I'm going to add a little bit of my Fenty Skin body milk. a little bit of my Fenty Skin body milk. a little bit of my Fenty Skin body milk. I love this stuff. It's so good. I love this stuff. It's so good. I love this stuff. It's so good. Like Fenty Skin is really that girl. Like Fenty Skin is really that girl. Like Fenty Skin is really that girl. Like look at the glow you get. It's Like look at the glow you get. It's Like look at the glow you get. It's amazing. amazing. amazing. If you don't have Fenty Skin, try it. If you don't have Fenty Skin, try it. If you don't have Fenty Skin, try it. It's really good. I'm sure you guys will It's really good. I'm sure you guys will It's really good. I'm sure you guys will love it. It smells amazing. It's like love it. It smells amazing. It's like love it. It smells amazing. It's like vanilla. All my vanilla girlies, vanilla. All my vanilla girlies, vanilla. All my vanilla girlies, Fenty Skin? Fenty Skin? Fenty Skin? Yes. Yes. Yes. And then for perfume, I'm going to do my And then for perfume, I'm going to do my And then for perfume, I'm going to do my pink Miu Miu. This is in L'Eau Bleue pink Miu Miu. This is in L'Eau Bleue pink Miu Miu. This is in L'Eau Bleue Rose. Rose. Rose. Just spritz a little Just spritz a little Just spritz a little a lot everywhere. a lot everywhere. a lot everywhere. Back of my knees, neck, here, Back of my knees, neck, here, Back of my knees, neck, here, just everywhere, okay? I'm going to be just everywhere, okay? I'm going to be just everywhere, okay? I'm going to be smelling so good walking through this smelling so good walking through this smelling so good walking through this store. Bag of choice is my little store. Bag of choice is my little store. Bag of choice is my little product to match my sandals, so I'm product to match my sandals, so I'm product to match my sandals, so I'm ready. ready. ready. So, come on, let's go. Okay, boom. We've made it to Target. Okay, boom. We've made it to Target. Okay, boom. We've made it to Target. Y'all, the lighting in here Y'all, the lighting in here Y'all, the lighting in here absolutely makes me look like a absolutely makes me look like a absolutely makes me look like a washed-up rug, but it's okay. I have my washed-up rug, but it's okay. I have my washed-up rug, but it's okay. I have my little mic. little mic. little mic. So, hopefully you guys So, hopefully you guys So, hopefully you guys can hear me well. First order of can hear me well. First order of can hear me well. First order of business is my favorite, which is body business is my favorite, which is body business is my favorite, which is body care. And there the selection here is care. And there the selection here is care. And there the selection here is OD. I feel like they just restocked or OD. I feel like they just restocked or OD. I feel like they just restocked or something. Now, in my personal something. Now, in my personal something. Now, in my personal opinion, Neutrogena is the best body opinion, Neutrogena is the best body opinion, Neutrogena is the best body wash out there right now. This is what wash out there right now. This is what wash out there right now. This is what I'm repurchasing. I need it. It's my I'm repurchasing. I need it. It's my I'm repurchasing. I need it. It's my favorite. It makes me so soft and glowy. favorite. It makes me so soft and glowy. favorite. It makes me so soft and glowy. This is one of my favorite products This is one of my favorite products This is one of my favorite products ever, ever, ever. ever, ever, ever. ever, ever, ever. And then they have this one, too. I And then they have this one, too. I And then they have this one, too. I don't really use this one, but I know a don't really use this one, but I know a don't really use this one, but I know a lot of people have seen good benefits. lot of people have seen good benefits. lot of people have seen good benefits. But also, this one. If you can find But also, this one. If you can find But also, this one. If you can find this, you need to grab it, because if this, you need to grab it, because if this, you need to grab it, because if you have backne, any acne on your face, you have backne, any acne on your face, you have backne, any acne on your face, anywhere on your body, this is what you anywhere on your body, this is what you anywhere on your body, this is what you need. need. need. Thank me later. Since I double cleanse, Thank me later. Since I double cleanse, Thank me later. Since I double cleanse, I get one that's like good for my body, I get one that's like good for my body, I get one that's like good for my body, and then I get a body wash that's like and then I get a body wash that's like and then I get a body wash that's like good smelling and soft that I really good smelling and soft that I really good smelling and soft that I really like. like. like. So, I usually use the Dove. So, I usually use the Dove. So, I usually use the Dove. I've been using the Shea butter Dove I've been using the Shea butter Dove I've been using the Shea butter Dove one. I really love Dove. It makes you one. I really love Dove. It makes you one. I really love Dove. It makes you really soft. I love this really soft. I love this really soft. I love this scent. I love this scent. I love this scent. I love this scent that I'm going to try. scent that I'm going to try. scent that I'm going to try. So, adding this to the cart. So, adding this to the cart. So, adding this to the cart. Another honorable mention for the body Another honorable mention for the body Another honorable mention for the body washes is the Method body washes for a washes is the Method body washes for a washes is the Method body washes for a cheaper option. If you guys want to go cheaper option. If you guys want to go cheaper option. If you guys want to go the little the little the little cheaper route or if you're on a budget, cheaper route or if you're on a budget, cheaper route or if you're on a budget, these get the job done. They smell so these get the job done. They smell so these get the job done. They smell so good. I love Method body, and this scent good. I love Method body, and this scent good. I love Method body, and this scent specifically smells like Jesus himself specifically smells like Jesus himself specifically smells like Jesus himself wiped your ass for you. Like it smells wiped your ass for you. Like it smells wiped your ass for you. Like it smells so good. I love this one. Okay, so boom. so good. I love this one. Okay, so boom. so good. I love this one. Okay, so boom. Now we have body lotions, body creams, Now we have body lotions, body creams, Now we have body lotions, body creams, all of the things. And you guys know all of the things. And you guys know all of the things. And you guys know already I'm re-upping on my Brazilian already I'm re-upping on my Brazilian already I'm re-upping on my Brazilian Cocoa Cream. Cocoa Cream. Cocoa Cream. Yes, leaves me smooth as a baby's Yes, leaves me smooth as a baby's Yes, leaves me smooth as a baby's bottom. It's from Palmer's. Also bottom. It's from Palmer's. Also bottom. It's from Palmer's. Also re-upping on my EOS lotion. Now this one re-upping on my EOS lotion. Now this one re-upping on my EOS lotion. Now this one is the one that I have. This is the best is the one that I have. This is the best is the one that I have. This is the best one, but I just smelled this creme de one, but I just smelled this creme de one, but I just smelled this creme de pistachio. I haven't tried this. Have pistachio. I haven't tried this. Have pistachio. I haven't tried this. Have y'all tried this one? It smells so y'all tried this one? It smells so y'all tried this one? It smells so freaking good. So I'm going to get this freaking good. So I'm going to get this freaking good. So I'm going to get this one instead of this, but I usually do one instead of this, but I usually do one instead of this, but I usually do use this one. This one's really good. use this one. This one's really good. use this one. This one's really good. I've just been on a vanilla kick like I I've just been on a vanilla kick like I I've just been on a vanilla kick like I don't know. Wait, has my mic not even been [\h__\h] Wait, has my mic not even been [\h__\h] Wait, has my mic not even been [\h__\h] working? What? Um working? What? Um working? What? Um I hope it is. Anyways, if you'd like to I hope it is. Anyways, if you'd like to I hope it is. Anyways, if you'd like to splurge, okay, you don't care about splurge, okay, you don't care about splurge, okay, you don't care about spending a pretty penny, spending a pretty penny, spending a pretty penny, then I do suggest trying Hempz then I do suggest trying Hempz then I do suggest trying Hempz for your lotion. I really love this. I for your lotion. I really love this. I for your lotion. I really love this. I have like three or four of them, but have like three or four of them, but have like three or four of them, but they are like really thick and creamy they are like really thick and creamy they are like really thick and creamy and they always just make me feel so and they always just make me feel so and they always just make me feel so moisturized and I love the scents they moisturized and I love the scents they moisturized and I love the scents they have. They have like sweet pineapple and have. They have like sweet pineapple and have. They have like sweet pineapple and honeydew melon. They have a pink one honeydew melon. They have a pink one honeydew melon. They have a pink one that I really like. They just Hempz is that I really like. They just Hempz is that I really like. They just Hempz is that girl, okay? I literally don't even that girl, okay? I literally don't even that girl, okay? I literally don't even know if my mic is working. Like I can't know if my mic is working. Like I can't know if my mic is working. Like I can't tell right now, so tell right now, so tell right now, so I'm sorry about that y'all if it's not I'm sorry about that y'all if it's not I'm sorry about that y'all if it's not working. I don't know what's going on. working. I don't know what's going on. working. I don't know what's going on. Like it's like blinking at me and it's Like it's like blinking at me and it's Like it's like blinking at me and it's making vibrations, but I don't know making vibrations, but I don't know making vibrations, but I don't know what's going on. I'm just going to have what's going on. I'm just going to have what's going on. I'm just going to have to scream in here now. to scream in here now. to scream in here now. What even gave me the idea to film this What even gave me the idea to film this What even gave me the idea to film this video was so that I need to re-up on my video was so that I need to re-up on my video was so that I need to re-up on my body oil. That's my favorite, which is body oil. That's my favorite, which is body oil. That's my favorite, which is the Shea Moisture Virgin Coconut Body the Shea Moisture Virgin Coconut Body the Shea Moisture Virgin Coconut Body Oil. Now Oil. Now Oil. Now if you want to get licked from the top if you want to get licked from the top if you want to get licked from the top to the bottom from your head to your to the bottom from your head to your to the bottom from your head to your toes, baby, you need this. You need toes, baby, you need this. You need toes, baby, you need this. You need this. Like it smells so good. Honorable this. Like it smells so good. Honorable this. Like it smells so good. Honorable mention mention mention the illuminating massage oil. I kind of the illuminating massage oil. I kind of the illuminating massage oil. I kind of use this one as a body oil too cuz it use this one as a body oil too cuz it use this one as a body oil too cuz it just smells so good and it leaves me just smells so good and it leaves me just smells so good and it leaves me glowing. glowing. glowing. But, But, But, the white one is the one that I really the white one is the one that I really the white one is the one that I really like. These are from Shea Moisture and like. These are from Shea Moisture and like. These are from Shea Moisture and they they they are my favorite products literally ever. are my favorite products literally ever. are my favorite products literally ever. Moving right along to deodorants, I'm Moving right along to deodorants, I'm Moving right along to deodorants, I'm picking up the Dove spray. picking up the Dove spray. picking up the Dove spray. This is my fave, obviously. And then I This is my fave, obviously. And then I This is my fave, obviously. And then I also also also get Degree as well. I like to have two get Degree as well. I like to have two get Degree as well. I like to have two because sometimes I like the spray and because sometimes I like the spray and because sometimes I like the spray and sometimes I like to actually rub it on sometimes I like to actually rub it on sometimes I like to actually rub it on my body, so it just depends for real, my body, so it just depends for real, my body, so it just depends for real, but I love these ones and these are what but I love these ones and these are what but I love these ones and these are what I always use. Also re-upping on my floss. Also re-upping on my floss. Also re-upping on my floss. This is the one I like. This is the one I like. This is the one I like. The double line is really good, too. I The double line is really good, too. I The double line is really good, too. I have those as well. Obviously got to get have those as well. Obviously got to get have those as well. Obviously got to get my TheraBreath. my TheraBreath. my TheraBreath. Duh. Duh. Duh. This right here will have your breath This right here will have your breath This right here will have your breath smelling fresh all day. If you know, you smelling fresh all day. If you know, you smelling fresh all day. If you know, you know. If you don't, now you do. Also know. If you don't, now you do. Also know. If you don't, now you do. Also re-upping on my Rizos Curls Curl re-upping on my Rizos Curls Curl re-upping on my Rizos Curls Curl Defining Mousse. I didn't even know they Defining Mousse. I didn't even know they Defining Mousse. I didn't even know they had Rizos Curls in Target, but they do. had Rizos Curls in Target, but they do. had Rizos Curls in Target, but they do. I also use this. You guys saw that in my I also use this. You guys saw that in my I also use this. You guys saw that in my last video. Or actually, no, you saw last video. Or actually, no, you saw last video. Or actually, no, you saw this on my Instagram. I don't know, but this on my Instagram. I don't know, but this on my Instagram. I don't know, but yeah. Ooh, they have Pillow Soft Curls, yeah. Ooh, they have Pillow Soft Curls, yeah. Ooh, they have Pillow Soft Curls, too. I love. Best hair oil on the too. I love. Best hair oil on the too. I love. Best hair oil on the market, just saying. Massage it into market, just saying. Massage it into market, just saying. Massage it into your scalp twice a week and thank your your scalp twice a week and thank your your scalp twice a week and thank your girl later. Only 9 bucks. I just think girl later. Only 9 bucks. I just think girl later. Only 9 bucks. I just think as a woman you can never have enough as a woman you can never have enough as a woman you can never have enough cotton pads, like cotton pads, like cotton pads, like never. Just never. Also, ladies, I never. Just never. Also, ladies, I never. Just never. Also, ladies, I picked up some organic tampons. I know picked up some organic tampons. I know picked up some organic tampons. I know we talked about these in my last hygiene we talked about these in my last hygiene we talked about these in my last hygiene video and I picked them up just trying video and I picked them up just trying video and I picked them up just trying them cuz I didn't know them cuz I didn't know them cuz I didn't know how well organic tampons would work down how well organic tampons would work down how well organic tampons would work down there. Do you guys use organic or there. Do you guys use organic or there. Do you guys use organic or regular? Because I feel like the regular regular? Because I feel like the regular regular? Because I feel like the regular ones are not good for us at all. I don't ones are not good for us at all. I don't ones are not good for us at all. I don't know what they're putting know what they're putting know what they're putting down there in these tampons, but it's down there in these tampons, but it's down there in these tampons, but it's It's good for us. And so I tried the It's good for us. And so I tried the It's good for us. And so I tried the organic route. Um some people like to organic route. Um some people like to organic route. Um some people like to douche. Some people just don't even wear douche. Some people just don't even wear douche. Some people just don't even wear tampons. tampons. tampons. What do y'all do? I don't know what is What do y'all do? I don't know what is What do y'all do? I don't know what is the best route for us like the best route for us like the best route for us like as women, as women, as women, there what is good for us? Literally, there what is good for us? Literally, there what is good for us? Literally, what is good for us? what is good for us? what is good for us? But, this is what I've been using. Let But, this is what I've been using. Let But, this is what I've been using. Let me know if you guys like these, if me know if you guys like these, if me know if you guys like these, if you've tried them. Let me know what you've tried them. Let me know what you've tried them. Let me know what brand you use brand you use brand you use of tampons or pads or whatever. of tampons or pads or whatever. of tampons or pads or whatever. Any better alternative to the [\h__\h] Any better alternative to the [\h__\h] Any better alternative to the [\h__\h] that we trying to Okay. The camera is that we trying to Okay. The camera is that we trying to Okay. The camera is about to die. I need to go in the car about to die. I need to go in the car about to die. I need to go in the car and charge it, but also getting my and charge it, but also getting my and charge it, but also getting my micellar water because I love her. Ooh, micellar water because I love her. Ooh, micellar water because I love her. Ooh, I'm sorry, y'all. My camera died while I I'm sorry, y'all. My camera died while I I'm sorry, y'all. My camera died while I was inside the store, so I had to come was inside the store, so I had to come was inside the store, so I had to come to car and charge it real quick. But, I to car and charge it real quick. But, I to car and charge it real quick. But, I was basically finished, so you guys was basically finished, so you guys was basically finished, so you guys didn't really miss anything. I basically didn't really miss anything. I basically didn't really miss anything. I basically got the bulk of what I needed. Now, got the bulk of what I needed. Now, got the bulk of what I needed. Now, there is one product that I was looking there is one product that I was looking there is one product that I was looking for in the store. I brought my own just for in the store. I brought my own just for in the store. I brought my own just in case they didn't had it, but I was in case they didn't had it, but I was in case they didn't had it, but I was looking in the store to see if they had looking in the store to see if they had looking in the store to see if they had it, but they didn't. it, but they didn't. it, but they didn't. But, I need to put you guys on. If you But, I need to put you guys on. If you But, I need to put you guys on. If you struggle with backne, struggle with backne, struggle with backne, like me, like I did before I found this like me, like I did before I found this like me, like I did before I found this product. If you struggle with any body product. If you struggle with any body product. If you struggle with any body acne, anywhere on your body, acne, anywhere on your body, acne, anywhere on your body, specifically backne though, this right specifically backne though, this right specifically backne though, this right here cured my backne in literally a week here cured my backne in literally a week here cured my backne in literally a week or two. Like a week or two. This is the or two. Like a week or two. This is the or two. Like a week or two. This is the Frank Body original coffee scrub. Now, Frank Body original coffee scrub. Now, Frank Body original coffee scrub. Now, this is literally just coffee grounds this is literally just coffee grounds this is literally just coffee grounds and almond oil in it. Like it's legit and almond oil in it. Like it's legit and almond oil in it. Like it's legit just just just coffee in here. And you rub this all coffee in here. And you rub this all coffee in here. And you rub this all over your body in the shower, leave it over your body in the shower, leave it over your body in the shower, leave it on for about 3 minutes, wash it off. I on for about 3 minutes, wash it off. I on for about 3 minutes, wash it off. I kid you not, I have never felt softer in kid you not, I have never felt softer in kid you not, I have never felt softer in my entire life. I really want to work my entire life. I really want to work my entire life. I really want to work with them now. with them now. with them now. So, I already DM'd them and talking So, I already DM'd them and talking So, I already DM'd them and talking about a potential collab because I am about a potential collab because I am about a potential collab because I am obsessed and I actually saw really, obsessed and I actually saw really, obsessed and I actually saw really, really good results and I cannot stop really good results and I cannot stop really good results and I cannot stop talking about this. I've recommended it talking about this. I've recommended it talking about this. I've recommended it to all my friends. Like, now I have to to all my friends. Like, now I have to to all my friends. Like, now I have to let my girlies know, but this is like let my girlies know, but this is like let my girlies know, but this is like magic in a bag. I don't know what it is magic in a bag. I don't know what it is magic in a bag. I don't know what it is about coffee that gets rid of like the about coffee that gets rid of like the about coffee that gets rid of like the dark spots on your skin, but it works. dark spots on your skin, but it works. dark spots on your skin, but it works. Like, wow. Like, my life is changed. Like, wow. Like, my life is changed. Like, wow. Like, my life is changed. Like, you guys know I used to have bacne Like, you guys know I used to have bacne Like, you guys know I used to have bacne all over my back and look how smooth it all over my back and look how smooth it all over my back and look how smooth it is now. is now. is now. Like, I used to have bacne all right Like, I used to have bacne all right Like, I used to have bacne all right here and it's just so smooth. Like, I am here and it's just so smooth. Like, I am here and it's just so smooth. Like, I am obsessed and I just had to let you guys obsessed and I just had to let you guys obsessed and I just had to let you guys know. Okay? I don't know how much this know. Okay? I don't know how much this know. Okay? I don't know how much this is and I don't even know where you can is and I don't even know where you can is and I don't even know where you can get it. I thought they were going to get it. I thought they were going to get it. I thought they were going to have it in Target, but they didn't. So, have it in Target, but they didn't. So, have it in Target, but they didn't. So, I brought mine from home like I said, I brought mine from home like I said, I brought mine from home like I said, but they sent this to me in PR and I but they sent this to me in PR and I but they sent this to me in PR and I don't know. Get your hands on this. Type don't know. Get your hands on this. Type don't know. Get your hands on this. Type it in on Amazon or something. Just get it in on Amazon or something. Just get it in on Amazon or something. Just get this. You need it bad badly if you this. You need it bad badly if you this. You need it bad badly if you struggle with acne anywhere on your struggle with acne anywhere on your struggle with acne anywhere on your body. Like, for real. Not sponsored. I body. Like, for real. Not sponsored. I body. Like, for real. Not sponsored. I This is This is crazy. But, anyways, This is This is crazy. But, anyways, This is This is crazy. But, anyways, I heard you guys wanted a little car I heard you guys wanted a little car I heard you guys wanted a little car tour. So, let's do a car tour. So, boom. tour. So, let's do a car tour. So, boom. tour. So, let's do a car tour. So, boom. Here's what it looks like when you first Here's what it looks like when you first Here's what it looks like when you first open it. She is a beaut. I'm obsessed open it. She is a beaut. I'm obsessed open it. She is a beaut. I'm obsessed with my car, you guys. It's a little with my car, you guys. It's a little with my car, you guys. It's a little dirty. Okay, don't mind that. Might need dirty. Okay, don't mind that. Might need dirty. Okay, don't mind that. Might need a cleaner. a cleaner. a cleaner. But, this is my little setup up here. It But, this is my little setup up here. It But, this is my little setup up here. It has all the navigation, all of has all the navigation, all of has all the navigation, all of everything. This is my favorite part. everything. This is my favorite part. everything. This is my favorite part. She's so freaking gorgeous. Like, I just She's so freaking gorgeous. Like, I just She's so freaking gorgeous. Like, I just love the color love the color love the color of this. I got the tan interior, of this. I got the tan interior, of this. I got the tan interior, obviously. obviously. obviously. And it goes on all of my seats. My And it goes on all of my seats. My And it goes on all of my seats. My favorite little thing about this car is favorite little thing about this car is favorite little thing about this car is that it has the Porsche symbol right that it has the Porsche symbol right that it has the Porsche symbol right here. here. here. It's just cute. And then the back is It's just cute. And then the back is It's just cute. And then the back is It's not super big, I'm not going to It's not super big, I'm not going to It's not super big, I'm not going to lie, but it's the perfect size for me. lie, but it's the perfect size for me. lie, but it's the perfect size for me. It's very compact. It's very compact. It's very compact. And then up here is my sunroof, which I And then up here is my sunroof, which I And then up here is my sunroof, which I love because it's so bright in here. And love because it's so bright in here. And love because it's so bright in here. And then if I do the little then if I do the little then if I do the little the little button, she just opens right the little button, she just opens right the little button, she just opens right up. up. up. And I just love it. Like I'm obsessed And I just love it. Like I'm obsessed And I just love it. Like I'm obsessed with this car. with this car. with this car. Like this is like the perfect car for Like this is like the perfect car for Like this is like the perfect car for me. Seriously, like it's like my little me. Seriously, like it's like my little me. Seriously, like it's like my little dream car. Um and I need to add like dream car. Um and I need to add like dream car. Um and I need to add like some pink lights. I have like my stuff some pink lights. I have like my stuff some pink lights. I have like my stuff in here, but I need to add like pink in here, but I need to add like pink in here, but I need to add like pink lights in the bottom and like pink lights in the bottom and like pink lights in the bottom and like pink little just cute liners. I want some little just cute liners. I want some little just cute liners. I want some pink lights for like night time. And pink lights for like night time. And pink lights for like night time. And just make it like cute and girly cuz just make it like cute and girly cuz just make it like cute and girly cuz right now it's black and I did say that right now it's black and I did say that right now it's black and I did say that I wanted to make my car pink, like wrap I wanted to make my car pink, like wrap I wanted to make my car pink, like wrap it pink, but I ended up not doing that. it pink, but I ended up not doing that. it pink, but I ended up not doing that. Like I don't want to do that because I Like I don't want to do that because I Like I don't want to do that because I don't want to have like a super high don't want to have like a super high don't want to have like a super high profile in here. Like I just want to profile in here. Like I just want to profile in here. Like I just want to just mind my little business and when just mind my little business and when just mind my little business and when you open it, then you'll see, oh, it's you open it, then you'll see, oh, it's you open it, then you'll see, oh, it's like a girl's car. You know what I mean? like a girl's car. You know what I mean? like a girl's car. You know what I mean? I'm just I'm super obsessed with it. And I'm just I'm super obsessed with it. And I'm just I'm super obsessed with it. And so so so it's my little Porsche Macan and I love it's my little Porsche Macan and I love it's my little Porsche Macan and I love her. It's my little car tour. Oh, and her. It's my little car tour. Oh, and her. It's my little car tour. Oh, and then on my keys then on my keys then on my keys on my cute little keys I have my little on my cute little keys I have my little on my cute little keys I have my little Hello Kitty thingy. And then I have some Hello Kitty thingy. And then I have some Hello Kitty thingy. And then I have some like I don't even know. This is like a like I don't even know. This is like a like I don't even know. This is like a little fake facial mask. little fake facial mask. little fake facial mask. It's so cute. The little Porsche keys It's so cute. The little Porsche keys It's so cute. The little Porsche keys are so cute. And then it's just like a are so cute. And then it's just like a are so cute. And then it's just like a little button if you press it, it little button if you press it, it little button if you press it, it automatically opens up your trunk for automatically opens up your trunk for automatically opens up your trunk for you. you. you. I have my little wagon in there for my I have my little wagon in there for my I have my little wagon in there for my groceries because I hate taking too many groceries because I hate taking too many groceries because I hate taking too many trips up and down my stairs where I trips up and down my stairs where I trips up and down my stairs where I stay, so I ended up getting me a little stay, so I ended up getting me a little stay, so I ended up getting me a little wagon and I just leave it in the back. wagon and I just leave it in the back. wagon and I just leave it in the back. For the most part I try to keep this car For the most part I try to keep this car For the most part I try to keep this car clean, okay? I need something for clean, okay? I need something for clean, okay? I need something for Mufasa. Every time he gets in the car, Mufasa. Every time he gets in the car, Mufasa. Every time he gets in the car, he rides in the trunk because he's not he rides in the trunk because he's not he rides in the trunk because he's not about to mess up my seats, okay? about to mess up my seats, okay? about to mess up my seats, okay? We've upgraded, okay? I can't have We've upgraded, okay? I can't have We've upgraded, okay? I can't have his claws like in the seats, okay? F no. his claws like in the seats, okay? F no. his claws like in the seats, okay? F no. So, I need to get something like in the So, I need to get something like in the So, I need to get something like in the back for him to sit. He hasn't really back for him to sit. He hasn't really back for him to sit. He hasn't really been in this car that much because of been in this car that much because of been in this car that much because of that reason. But, when he does and when that reason. But, when he does and when that reason. But, when he does and when I do need to take him, I do need to take him, I do need to take him, he sits in the back. So, yeah. he sits in the back. So, yeah. he sits in the back. So, yeah. But, other than that, I mean, I think But, other than that, I mean, I think But, other than that, I mean, I think that's pretty much it. Like, I don't that's pretty much it. Like, I don't that's pretty much it. Like, I don't know what else to tell y'all. know what else to tell y'all. know what else to tell y'all. You guys see what we're working with You guys see what we're working with You guys see what we're working with here, you know? But, anyways, I also here, you know? But, anyways, I also here, you know? But, anyways, I also wanted to do a little like girly car wanted to do a little like girly car wanted to do a little like girly car chat type of situation because I saw chat type of situation because I saw chat type of situation because I saw this video on TikTok and I got inspired. this video on TikTok and I got inspired. this video on TikTok and I got inspired. And we are already doing hygiene And we are already doing hygiene And we are already doing hygiene shopping today, so I figured I kind of shopping today, so I figured I kind of shopping today, so I figured I kind of wanted to do wanted to do wanted to do my feminine non-negotiables. Like, my my feminine non-negotiables. Like, my my feminine non-negotiables. Like, my feminine feminine feminine Like, these are non-negotiables that I Like, these are non-negotiables that I Like, these are non-negotiables that I do that I would consider to be feminine, do that I would consider to be feminine, do that I would consider to be feminine, girly, soft, like, just non-negotiables girly, soft, like, just non-negotiables girly, soft, like, just non-negotiables that I do. And I want to share them with that I do. And I want to share them with that I do. And I want to share them with you and see if you guys like it and if you and see if you guys like it and if you and see if you guys like it and if you guys can relate, I want you guys to you guys can relate, I want you guys to you guys can relate, I want you guys to let me know your non-negotiables. And let me know your non-negotiables. And let me know your non-negotiables. And these don't necessarily make you these don't necessarily make you these don't necessarily make you feminine, but it kind of is on that feminine, but it kind of is on that feminine, but it kind of is on that route. So, these are route. So, these are route. So, these are my five non-negotiables. I wrote them my five non-negotiables. I wrote them my five non-negotiables. I wrote them down in my notes so I could chit-chat down in my notes so I could chit-chat down in my notes so I could chit-chat with you guys with you guys with you guys because I'm always one step ahead. Okay, because I'm always one step ahead. Okay, because I'm always one step ahead. Okay, boom. Even on here, I wrote these are boom. Even on here, I wrote these are boom. Even on here, I wrote these are subjective and just my opinion, so be subjective and just my opinion, so be subjective and just my opinion, so be nice in the comment section, please. nice in the comment section, please. nice in the comment section, please. Okay? Don't eat me up. All right? Do not Okay? Don't eat me up. All right? Do not Okay? Don't eat me up. All right? Do not eat me up. Okay, so boom. Number one, eat me up. Okay, so boom. Number one, eat me up. Okay, so boom. Number one, you guys probably already know what I'm you guys probably already know what I'm you guys probably already know what I'm about to say, but my number one about to say, but my number one about to say, but my number one non-negotiable is I will never leave the non-negotiable is I will never leave the non-negotiable is I will never leave the house without earrings. And I tell you house without earrings. And I tell you house without earrings. And I tell you guys that all the time. Like, never walk guys that all the time. Like, never walk guys that all the time. Like, never walk out the house without earrings. I'm out the house without earrings. I'm out the house without earrings. I'm going to tell you why. Because even if going to tell you why. Because even if going to tell you why. Because even if you didn't put any effort into your you didn't put any effort into your you didn't put any effort into your look, earrings make it look like you look, earrings make it look like you look, earrings make it look like you did. Like, earrings make you look put did. Like, earrings make you look put did. Like, earrings make you look put together regardless of your appearance, together regardless of your appearance, together regardless of your appearance, regardless of your mindset, regardless regardless of your mindset, regardless regardless of your mindset, regardless of anything. Like, of anything. Like, of anything. Like, earrings just make a lady look polished, earrings just make a lady look polished, earrings just make a lady look polished, in my opinion. Like, I don't know. It's in my opinion. Like, I don't know. It's in my opinion. Like, I don't know. It's just something about an earring just something about an earring just something about an earring that just that just that just it gives that polished look. And also, I it gives that polished look. And also, I it gives that polished look. And also, I love a statement earring. I love a big love a statement earring. I love a big love a statement earring. I love a big thick statement earring. Now, you can go thick statement earring. Now, you can go thick statement earring. Now, you can go a little daintier, keep it cute, simple, a little daintier, keep it cute, simple, a little daintier, keep it cute, simple, whatever your style is, but always whatever your style is, but always whatever your style is, but always always always have an earring in. It's always always have an earring in. It's always always have an earring in. It's just so girly and feminine, and I just just so girly and feminine, and I just just so girly and feminine, and I just love it, and it's cute. It's just cute. love it, and it's cute. It's just cute. love it, and it's cute. It's just cute. Honorable mention, I always have my toes Honorable mention, I always have my toes Honorable mention, I always have my toes done. done. done. Like always. Like how am I supposed to Like always. Like how am I supposed to Like always. Like how am I supposed to wear a sandal if my toes aren't done? wear a sandal if my toes aren't done? wear a sandal if my toes aren't done? Okay, I can't be looking crusty and Okay, I can't be looking crusty and Okay, I can't be looking crusty and dusty. No, no, no, no, no. I need a dusty. No, no, no, no, no. I need a dusty. No, no, no, no, no. I need a color on my toe. Right now, color on my toe. Right now, color on my toe. Right now, right now we're in pink. Right now we right now we're in pink. Right now we right now we're in pink. Right now we have pink. They don't actually match my have pink. They don't actually match my have pink. They don't actually match my shirt today. But yeah, I always have my shirt today. But yeah, I always have my shirt today. But yeah, I always have my nails and toes done. Nails can be worked nails and toes done. Nails can be worked nails and toes done. Nails can be worked through. We can do a press-on. We can do through. We can do a press-on. We can do through. We can do a press-on. We can do a slight paint. But the toes, a slight paint. But the toes, a slight paint. But the toes, nah, the toes need to be done. I'm nah, the toes need to be done. I'm nah, the toes need to be done. I'm sorry. The toes, they have to be done. sorry. The toes, they have to be done. sorry. The toes, they have to be done. They just do. Even in the wintertime, They just do. Even in the wintertime, They just do. Even in the wintertime, even in the wintertime I shave my legs even in the wintertime I shave my legs even in the wintertime I shave my legs weekly, and I have my toes done weekly, weekly, and I have my toes done weekly, weekly, and I have my toes done weekly, even though I'm probably wearing even though I'm probably wearing even though I'm probably wearing closed-toe shoes, and I'm probably not closed-toe shoes, and I'm probably not closed-toe shoes, and I'm probably not showing my skin too much. I just like to showing my skin too much. I just like to showing my skin too much. I just like to be well-kept and like taking care of. be well-kept and like taking care of. be well-kept and like taking care of. You know what I mean? Have all of my You know what I mean? Have all of my You know what I mean? Have all of my ducks in a row. You feel me? Number two ducks in a row. You feel me? Number two ducks in a row. You feel me? Number two is I always keep a lip gloss in my is I always keep a lip gloss in my is I always keep a lip gloss in my purse, too. purse, too. purse, too. As a matter of fact, like every single As a matter of fact, like every single As a matter of fact, like every single one of my bags, every single one of my one of my bags, every single one of my one of my bags, every single one of my purses that I own has a lip gloss, a lip purses that I own has a lip gloss, a lip purses that I own has a lip gloss, a lip balm, a lip oil, something to help my balm, a lip oil, something to help my balm, a lip oil, something to help my lips look glossy, moisturized, or lips look glossy, moisturized, or lips look glossy, moisturized, or something. I just feel like it's bad something. I just feel like it's bad something. I just feel like it's bad [\h__\h] 101 to have a lip gloss on you at [\h__\h] 101 to have a lip gloss on you at [\h__\h] 101 to have a lip gloss on you at all times. Like you never know when all times. Like you never know when all times. Like you never know when you're going to need it. You never know you're going to need it. You never know you're going to need it. You never know when you're going to need to reapply it, when you're going to need to reapply it, when you're going to need to reapply it, or or or if you just want like some cute supple if you just want like some cute supple if you just want like some cute supple lips, like just being able to pull it lips, like just being able to pull it lips, like just being able to pull it out of your purse at any time out of your purse at any time out of your purse at any time is key. Like that's that's what you is key. Like that's that's what you is key. Like that's that's what you want. Always always have a lip gloss. want. Always always have a lip gloss. want. Always always have a lip gloss. And get the cheap lip glosses from And get the cheap lip glosses from And get the cheap lip glosses from beauty supply and just throw them in all beauty supply and just throw them in all beauty supply and just throw them in all of your purses. You will thank yourself of your purses. You will thank yourself of your purses. You will thank yourself so much later. Like so much later. Like so much later. Like non-negotiable. Non-negotiable. non-negotiable. Non-negotiable. non-negotiable. Non-negotiable. Always got to have a lippy on me. Always got to have a lippy on me. Always got to have a lippy on me. Always. Number three, this might be a Always. Number three, this might be a Always. Number three, this might be a little controversial, but I apply my little controversial, but I apply my little controversial, but I apply my body oil first and then my lotion. I body oil first and then my lotion. I body oil first and then my lotion. I never ever apply lotion and then body never ever apply lotion and then body never ever apply lotion and then body oil. So, what I do oil. So, what I do oil. So, what I do and I have very very soft, supple, glowy and I have very very soft, supple, glowy and I have very very soft, supple, glowy skin. So, what works for me, I just do. skin. So, what works for me, I just do. skin. So, what works for me, I just do. I don't really like follow. Like, if I don't really like follow. Like, if I don't really like follow. Like, if something works for me, it works for me something works for me, it works for me something works for me, it works for me and that's what I do. I don't care if and that's what I do. I don't care if and that's what I do. I don't care if other people say put lotion on or not. other people say put lotion on or not. other people say put lotion on or not. Body oil works for me. Ooh, what's going Body oil works for me. Ooh, what's going Body oil works for me. Ooh, what's going on here? My nosey ass. But, anyways, so like So, My nosey ass. But, anyways, so like So, My nosey ass. But, anyways, so like So, what I like to do is when I get out of what I like to do is when I get out of what I like to do is when I get out of the shower and I'm still soaking wet, I the shower and I'm still soaking wet, I the shower and I'm still soaking wet, I have not even touched my towel to dry have not even touched my towel to dry have not even touched my towel to dry off yet, I put body oil on with the off yet, I put body oil on with the off yet, I put body oil on with the water that's dripping down from me. Before I even touch my towel, before Before I even touch my towel, before Before I even touch my towel, before I've even dried off my body, I will I've even dried off my body, I will I've even dried off my body, I will apply body oil and get it into my skin apply body oil and get it into my skin apply body oil and get it into my skin and let it work and soak up into my and let it work and soak up into my and let it work and soak up into my skin. skin. skin. And then I'll kind of pat dry. I never And then I'll kind of pat dry. I never And then I'll kind of pat dry. I never really rub cuz if you like rub dry, it really rub cuz if you like rub dry, it really rub cuz if you like rub dry, it can cause wrinkles and stuff. So, I just can cause wrinkles and stuff. So, I just can cause wrinkles and stuff. So, I just pat myself dry and then I will apply my pat myself dry and then I will apply my pat myself dry and then I will apply my lotion once my body oil has kind of set lotion once my body oil has kind of set lotion once my body oil has kind of set in my skin a little bit. I apply the in my skin a little bit. I apply the in my skin a little bit. I apply the lotion second to seal in the moisture lotion second to seal in the moisture lotion second to seal in the moisture from the body oil. from the body oil. from the body oil. And it's just worked the best for me. And it's just worked the best for me. And it's just worked the best for me. That's the best results I see, so That's the best results I see, so That's the best results I see, so if you've been putting on lotion before if you've been putting on lotion before if you've been putting on lotion before body oil, try the flip side of that and body oil, try the flip side of that and body oil, try the flip side of that and do body oil first and then your lotion. do body oil first and then your lotion. do body oil first and then your lotion. But, yeah, I think that's a little tip But, yeah, I think that's a little tip But, yeah, I think that's a little tip for the girlies, just in case you for the girlies, just in case you for the girlies, just in case you weren't already doing that. Number four, weren't already doing that. Number four, weren't already doing that. Number four, non-negotiable is have a signature non-negotiable is have a signature non-negotiable is have a signature scent. Have a Have a signature scent. Have a Have a signature scent. Have a Have a signature something. Have a signature routine. something. Have a signature routine. something. Have a signature routine. Have a signature jewelry stack. Have a Have a signature jewelry stack. Have a Have a signature jewelry stack. Have a signature shoe. Have a signature pant signature shoe. Have a signature pant signature shoe. Have a signature pant that you like to wear. Something that is that you like to wear. Something that is that you like to wear. Something that is personal and special to you that always personal and special to you that always personal and special to you that always looks good, no matter what, for you. looks good, no matter what, for you. looks good, no matter what, for you. Something that you love. Hence, your Something that you love. Hence, your Something that you love. Hence, your signature scent or whatever it is. And signature scent or whatever it is. And signature scent or whatever it is. And like getting older, finding your like getting older, finding your like getting older, finding your signature scent, finding your signature signature scent, finding your signature signature scent, finding your signature lip gloss, finding your signature lip lip gloss, finding your signature lip lip gloss, finding your signature lip combo as a girl is just the best feeling combo as a girl is just the best feeling combo as a girl is just the best feeling ever. Like let's say you're like in a ever. Like let's say you're like in a ever. Like let's say you're like in a rush or something and you have like your rush or something and you have like your rush or something and you have like your signature outfit that you know is going signature outfit that you know is going signature outfit that you know is going to look good on you, bomb as [\h__\h] your to look good on you, bomb as [\h__\h] your to look good on you, bomb as [\h__\h] your booty look good, it's sitting the booty look good, it's sitting the booty look good, it's sitting the girlies up, or you have a lip combo that girlies up, or you have a lip combo that girlies up, or you have a lip combo that you really like, or you have a scent you really like, or you have a scent you really like, or you have a scent that you really really like that that you really really like that that you really really like that every time someone smells that scent every time someone smells that scent every time someone smells that scent they think of you because it's your they think of you because it's your they think of you because it's your signature scent. Like it's just signature scent. Like it's just signature scent. Like it's just something very special about having your something very special about having your something very special about having your signature thing about you. Me signature thing about you. Me signature thing about you. Me personally, I have a bunch of personally, I have a bunch of personally, I have a bunch of signatures. Like my signatures kind of signatures. Like my signatures kind of signatures. Like my signatures kind of shift shake a little bit. Sometimes I shift shake a little bit. Sometimes I shift shake a little bit. Sometimes I like vanilla, sometimes I like pink. like vanilla, sometimes I like pink. like vanilla, sometimes I like pink. Well, nah, I always like pink. But y'all Well, nah, I always like pink. But y'all Well, nah, I always like pink. But y'all know what I mean, like know what I mean, like know what I mean, like I have signatures, but you can switch I have signatures, but you can switch I have signatures, but you can switch them up. Like it's just them up. Like it's just them up. Like it's just that's the fun part. That's the process that's the fun part. That's the process that's the fun part. That's the process of like finding your signature stuff. of like finding your signature stuff. of like finding your signature stuff. Like it can be changed. You can switch, Like it can be changed. You can switch, Like it can be changed. You can switch, you can always go back to a signature you can always go back to a signature you can always go back to a signature scent that you had like 2 years ago or scent that you had like 2 years ago or scent that you had like 2 years ago or something. Like a signature playlist, a something. Like a signature playlist, a something. Like a signature playlist, a signature song that you listen to in the signature song that you listen to in the signature song that you listen to in the morning. Like just something that is morning. Like just something that is morning. Like just something that is you. you. you. You know what I mean? I think that's You know what I mean? I think that's You know what I mean? I think that's pretty self-explanatory. I'm going to pretty self-explanatory. I'm going to pretty self-explanatory. I'm going to keep yapping and yapping. I have one keep yapping and yapping. I have one keep yapping and yapping. I have one more though. Number five is I just more though. Number five is I just more though. Number five is I just quickly jotted these down, so that's why quickly jotted these down, so that's why quickly jotted these down, so that's why they're like kind of short. If you guys they're like kind of short. If you guys they're like kind of short. If you guys like this little segment of the video or like this little segment of the video or like this little segment of the video or want more of my signatures, let me know. want more of my signatures, let me know. want more of my signatures, let me know. I can do some more. But my last one, I can do some more. But my last one, I can do some more. But my last one, number five, is my house must smell good number five, is my house must smell good number five, is my house must smell good at all times. I do not play about at all times. I do not play about at all times. I do not play about scents. Like I just don't. Like I don't. scents. Like I just don't. Like I don't. scents. Like I just don't. Like I don't. I don't. I don't. And people always tell I don't. I don't. And people always tell I don't. I don't. And people always tell me how good I smell, how good my house me how good I smell, how good my house me how good I smell, how good my house smells. Like well, you know, my friends smells. Like well, you know, my friends smells. Like well, you know, my friends who actually come over and see my house. who actually come over and see my house. who actually come over and see my house. But yeah, I don't play about that. I But yeah, I don't play about that. I But yeah, I don't play about that. I don't like a dirty house. No, no, no, don't like a dirty house. No, no, no, don't like a dirty house. No, no, no, no. And then on top of that a stinky no. And then on top of that a stinky no. And then on top of that a stinky dirty house? [\h__\h] no. Like my house is dirty house? [\h__\h] no. Like my house is dirty house? [\h__\h] no. Like my house is always has a candle burning, there's always has a candle burning, there's always has a candle burning, there's always a room spray being sprayed, or always a room spray being sprayed, or always a room spray being sprayed, or it's always like a fresh scent from my it's always like a fresh scent from my it's always like a fresh scent from my perfumes, from my cleaning products perfumes, from my cleaning products perfumes, from my cleaning products where I've cleaned, laundry, fresh where I've cleaned, laundry, fresh where I've cleaned, laundry, fresh sheets, like just good scents going on sheets, like just good scents going on sheets, like just good scents going on in the house. Just like keeping your in the house. Just like keeping your in the house. Just like keeping your space clean is a non-negotiable for me, space clean is a non-negotiable for me, space clean is a non-negotiable for me, personally. Now, I'm not talking about personally. Now, I'm not talking about personally. Now, I'm not talking about like clutter, clothes, and like PR like clutter, clothes, and like PR like clutter, clothes, and like PR packages and [\h__\h] like that. I'm talking packages and [\h__\h] like that. I'm talking packages and [\h__\h] like that. I'm talking about like if your space is dirty, it about like if your space is dirty, it about like if your space is dirty, it stinks, and stuff like that. Like, stinks, and stuff like that. Like, stinks, and stuff like that. Like, that's not feminine. That's not That's that's not feminine. That's not That's that's not feminine. That's not That's not even not even not even like responsible, honestly. My house like responsible, honestly. My house like responsible, honestly. My house just has to smell good. My house has to just has to smell good. My house has to just has to smell good. My house has to smell girly. And I have some friends who smell girly. And I have some friends who smell girly. And I have some friends who like smoke and stuff, and I like smoke and stuff, and I like smoke and stuff, and I don't let them smoke in my house. Like, don't let them smoke in my house. Like, don't let them smoke in my house. Like, no. They always try to get me to smoke no. They always try to get me to smoke no. They always try to get me to smoke in the house. I'm like, no. You're in the house. I'm like, no. You're in the house. I'm like, no. You're insane. You cannot smoke in my house. insane. You cannot smoke in my house. insane. You cannot smoke in my house. Like, no. My house smells like a girly Like, no. My house smells like a girly Like, no. My house smells like a girly angelic princess lives here. And that angelic princess lives here. And that angelic princess lives here. And that would be correct. But, yeah, y'all, that would be correct. But, yeah, y'all, that would be correct. But, yeah, y'all, that was my non-negotiables. Let me know was my non-negotiables. Let me know was my non-negotiables. Let me know y'alls. Do not leave this video without y'alls. Do not leave this video without y'alls. Do not leave this video without letting me know some of your letting me know some of your letting me know some of your non-negotiables down below in the chat. non-negotiables down below in the chat. non-negotiables down below in the chat. Okay? Okay? Okay? I'm watching you. I'm watching you. I'm watching you. I'm watching y'all. I might not even I'm watching y'all. I might not even I'm watching y'all. I might not even respond to y'all if y'all don't even let respond to y'all if y'all don't even let respond to y'all if y'all don't even let me know what your non-negotiables are. me know what your non-negotiables are. me know what your non-negotiables are. No, I'm just kidding, but let me know. No, I'm just kidding, but let me know. No, I'm just kidding, but let me know. Talk to me in the comments. I want some Talk to me in the comments. I want some Talk to me in the comments. I want some more. I want some that I can add to my more. I want some that I can add to my more. I want some that I can add to my list. And then I also want to know like list. And then I also want to know like list. And then I also want to know like what y'alls are, too. Because people what y'alls are, too. Because people what y'alls are, too. Because people come from different backgrounds, come from different backgrounds, come from different backgrounds, different families, different parts of different families, different parts of different families, different parts of the earth, different environments. Like, the earth, different environments. Like, the earth, different environments. Like, everybody has different little quirks everybody has different little quirks everybody has different little quirks and tricks that they can probably share. and tricks that they can probably share. and tricks that they can probably share. So, let me know So, let me know So, let me know what y'all do. Help a girl out, okay? what y'all do. Help a girl out, okay? what y'all do. Help a girl out, okay? Did you guys like today's video today? Did you guys like today's video today? Did you guys like today's video today? Hopefully it's long enough. I don't Hopefully it's long enough. I don't Hopefully it's long enough. I don't know. I feel like I've been yapping like know. I feel like I've been yapping like know. I feel like I've been yapping like for hours talking to you guys, but for hours talking to you guys, but for hours talking to you guys, but whenever I cut it up, sometimes I'm whenever I cut it up, sometimes I'm whenever I cut it up, sometimes I'm like, damn. I could have said way more. like, damn. I could have said way more. like, damn. I could have said way more. But, yeah. I'm about to go home. I made But, yeah. I'm about to go home. I made But, yeah. I'm about to go home. I made some chicken noodle soup last night for some chicken noodle soup last night for some chicken noodle soup last night for dinner. So, I'm really excited about to dinner. So, I'm really excited about to dinner. So, I'm really excited about to go eat that, and then I'm going to my go eat that, and then I'm going to my go eat that, and then I'm going to my friend's house to play spades. Let me friend's house to play spades. Let me friend's house to play spades. Let me know what videos you guys want to see know what videos you guys want to see know what videos you guys want to see from me. I love you guys so much. Enjoy from me. I love you guys so much. Enjoy from me. I love you guys so much. Enjoy the rest of your day and like always, the rest of your day and like always, the rest of your day and like always, I'll see you next week.