In today's video, we're going to tell you about five In today's video, we're going to tell you about five In today's video, we're going to tell you about five hair care products hair care products hair care products you should definitely try. L'Oreal's you should definitely try. L'Oreal's you should definitely try. L'Oreal's Total Repair Five Shampoo: If you have damaged Total Repair Five Shampoo: If you have damaged Total Repair Five Shampoo: If you have damaged hair or frizzy, split ends, you hair or frizzy, split ends, you hair or frizzy, split ends, you can try this shampoo; you'll get the best results. can try this shampoo; you'll get the best results. can try this shampoo; you'll get the best results. Number two is Streax Number two is Streax Number two is Streax Professional's Hair Serum. It Professional's Hair Serum. It Professional's Hair Serum. It provides proper moisture, smoothes hair, provides proper moisture, smoothes hair, provides proper moisture, smoothes hair, detangles hair, and detangles hair, and detangles hair, and adds a stunning shine. Indulekha's Hair Oil is adds a stunning shine. Indulekha's Hair Oil is adds a stunning shine. Indulekha's Hair Oil is very popular in the Indian market. If you have very popular in the Indian market. If you have very popular in the Indian market. If you have hair fall problems, you hair fall problems, you hair fall problems, you can try this every week. It completely controls hair fall can try this every week. It completely controls hair fall can try this every week. It completely controls hair fall and boosts hair growth. and boosts hair growth. and boosts hair growth. Number four is Himalaya's Protein Number four is Himalaya's Protein Number four is Himalaya's Protein Hair Cream. If you're one of those who does Hair Cream. If you're one of those who does Hair Cream. If you're one of those who does n't like oiling your hair, you n't like oiling your hair, you n't like oiling your hair, you can invest in this cream. It does all the necessary work can invest in this cream. It does all the necessary work can invest in this cream. It does all the necessary work and is and is and is n't sticky at all. You n't sticky at all. You n't sticky at all. You can also use it for styling. Number can also use it for styling. Number can also use it for styling. Number five on our list is L'Oreal five on our list is L'Oreal five on our list is L'Oreal Professional's Deep Narration Hair Spa. If your Professional's Deep Narration Hair Spa. If your Professional's Deep Narration Hair Spa. If your hair is damaged and nothing else is working for you, hair is damaged and nothing else is working for you, hair is damaged and nothing else is working for you, you can try this.  You you can try this.  You you can try this.  You can try hair spa, it will instantly repair damage, can try hair spa, it will instantly repair damage, can try hair spa, it will instantly repair damage, add amazing shine and add amazing shine and add amazing shine and make your hair smoother and healthier. make your hair smoother and healthier. Subscribe to the channel to watch more videos.