Today, before the sun appears, I Today, before the sun appears, I Today, before the sun appears, I bathe, get ready, lovingly bathe, get ready, lovingly bathe, get ready, lovingly touch the feet of the elders of the family, touch the feet of the elders of the family, touch the feet of the elders of the family, seek their blessings, and leave with my very intelligent platoon for seek their blessings, and leave with my very intelligent platoon for seek their blessings, and leave with my very intelligent platoon for my life. Sorry, Wagner. my life. Sorry, Wagner. my life. Sorry, Wagner. But where is Noida? But where is Noida? But where is Noida? Because I have received an invitation from the department. Because I have received an invitation from the department. Because I have received an invitation from the department. Yes, I have already missed two of my events before this, Yes, I have already missed two of my events before this, Yes, I have already missed two of my events before this, and I don't want to and I don't want to and I don't want to miss this one. So, miss this one. So, miss this one. So, what's the point of quenching my thirst with the car? This is what's the point of quenching my thirst with the car? This is what's the point of quenching my thirst with the car? This is Aunt Tuntun's new startup. Finally, we Aunt Tuntun's new startup. Finally, we Aunt Tuntun's new startup. Finally, we enter Noida and have been invited to a very appropriate place. enter Noida and have been invited to a very appropriate place. enter Noida and have been invited to a very appropriate place. Due to limited space, Due to limited space, Due to limited space, only I am inside the event and we are told everything is fine. It feels only I am inside the event and we are told everything is fine. It feels only I am inside the event and we are told everything is fine. It feels good, good, good, so I bend my wrists and, after receiving my gift so I bend my wrists and, after receiving my gift so I bend my wrists and, after receiving my gift bag, I roll my eyes. I do bag, I roll my eyes. I do bag, I roll my eyes. I do n't recognize a single person here n't recognize a single person here n't recognize a single person here except this one. So that they don't feel that my invitation was a waste, I except this one. So that they don't feel that my invitation was a waste, I except this one. So that they don't feel that my invitation was a waste, I come to the point, have tea and come to the point, have tea and come to the point, have tea and snacks. Your focus is only on food, right? Does snacks. Your focus is only on food, right? Does snacks. Your focus is only on food, right? Does that mean you are also focused on food? Yes, that's that mean you are also focused on food? Yes, that's that mean you are also focused on food? Yes, that's exactly what you want, brother. My focus is also on exactly what you want, brother. My focus is also on exactly what you want, brother. My focus is also on food. Then what? Eat, drink, enjoy, food. Then what? Eat, drink, enjoy, food. Then what? Eat, drink, enjoy, how will Thanos play a trick now?  You don't have to be so serious, how will Thanos play a trick now?  You don't have to be so serious, how will Thanos play a trick now?  You don't have to be so serious, I create beauty content, so let it be, I am I create beauty content, so let it be, I am I create beauty content, so let it be, I am joking, these two are the joking, these two are the joking, these two are the hosts of this event, whom I did hosts of this event, whom I did hosts of this event, whom I did not know at all before today, what a thing, not know at all before today, what a thing, not know at all before today, what a thing, hey beautiful, the rest of the story in the next part.