I don't fight anymore. The last time I I don't fight anymore. The last time I I don't fight anymore. The last time I got in a fight, I was like uh it was got in a fight, I was like uh it was got in a fight, I was like uh it was like 10 years ago. [clears throat] I was like 10 years ago. [clears throat] I was like 10 years ago. [clears throat] I was living in New York City and I was living in New York City and I was living in New York City and I was walking in my neighborhood like in the walking in my neighborhood like in the walking in my neighborhood like in the the Lower East Side and I I hear this the Lower East Side and I I hear this the Lower East Side and I I hear this guy behind ME GOES, "HEY MAN, WHAT ARE guy behind ME GOES, "HEY MAN, WHAT ARE guy behind ME GOES, "HEY MAN, WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT?" And I turned around, YOU LOOKING AT?" And I turned around, YOU LOOKING AT?" And I turned around, which don't do that. [laughter] If you which don't do that. [laughter] If you which don't do that. [laughter] If you go to New York City and you hear go to New York City and you hear go to New York City and you hear somebody behind you yelling, you just somebody behind you yelling, you just somebody behind you yelling, you just keep walking. If it sounds like your keep walking. If it sounds like your keep walking. If it sounds like your mom, leave her. Like you just leave her. mom, leave her. Like you just leave her. mom, leave her. Like you just leave her. Car loose. Okay. It was a crazy guy. He Car loose. Okay. It was a crazy guy. He Car loose. Okay. It was a crazy guy. He sprinted up. He got my face. He goes, "I sprinted up. He got my face. He goes, "I sprinted up. He got my face. He goes, "I WAS TALKING to you, man. DON'T WALK AWAY WAS TALKING to you, man. DON'T WALK AWAY WAS TALKING to you, man. DON'T WALK AWAY FROM ME, MAN." I GO, "I don't know who FROM ME, MAN." I GO, "I don't know who FROM ME, MAN." I GO, "I don't know who you are, man." And he punched me in the you are, man." And he punched me in the you are, man." And he punched me in the head. Like I should have seen it coming. head. Like I should have seen it coming. head. Like I should have seen it coming. He was like winding up like it was He was like winding up like it was He was like winding up like it was cartoon. Like he was like, "Popey, like cartoon. Like he was like, "Popey, like cartoon. Like he was like, "Popey, like Papey." He's like winding up and he hit Papey." He's like winding up and he hit Papey." He's like winding up and he hit me. At that point, I hadn't been hit in me. At that point, I hadn't been hit in me. At that point, I hadn't been hit in about 20 years. And I forgot what you about 20 years. And I forgot what you about 20 years. And I forgot what you were supposed to do. And then I were supposed to do. And then I were supposed to do. And then I remembered I used to practice fighting remembered I used to practice fighting remembered I used to practice fighting every day in college and I I wrestled every day in college and I I wrestled every day in college and I I wrestled him. I I did I I I I shot a single leg him. I I did I I I I shot a single leg him. I I did I I I I shot a single leg takedown to the right side. I picked his takedown to the right side. I picked his takedown to the right side. I picked his leg way up here like you're supposed to leg way up here like you're supposed to leg way up here like you're supposed to and he went right down. Like he he and he went right down. Like he he and he went right down. Like he he sucked. Like this guy [laughter] sucked. Like this guy [laughter] sucked. Like this guy [laughter] I guarantee he never made it past DR. I guarantee he never made it past DR. I guarantee he never made it past DR. Like he just wasn't good. And I and and Like he just wasn't good. And I and and Like he just wasn't good. And I and and I I got on top of him and I lost my I I got on top of him and I lost my I I got on top of him and I lost my mind. I WAS LIKE I USED TO WRESTLE mind. I WAS LIKE I USED TO WRESTLE mind. I WAS LIKE I USED TO WRESTLE MESS UP. MESS UP. MESS UP. IF SOMEBODY WOULD have walked by, they IF SOMEBODY WOULD have walked by, they IF SOMEBODY WOULD have walked by, they would have been like, "There's a crazy would have been like, "There's a crazy would have been like, "There's a crazy guy [laughter] getting beat up by a guy [laughter] getting beat up by a guy [laughter] getting beat up by a really crazy guy." And it's New York really crazy guy." And it's New York really crazy guy." And it's New York City, so people did start walking by and City, so people did start walking by and City, so people did start walking by and it's New York City, so nobody cared. it's New York City, so nobody cared. it's New York City, so nobody cared. They're like, "Oh, looks like Larry's They're like, "Oh, looks like Larry's They're like, "Oh, looks like Larry's losing a night." Anyway, losing a night." Anyway, losing a night." Anyway, finally, some guy walked by and he finally, some guy walked by and he finally, some guy walked by and he pulled out his cell phone. He started pulled out his cell phone. He started pulled out his cell phone. He started videotaping us. And that's when it all videotaping us. And that's when it all videotaping us. And that's when it all came flooding back to me. I'm like, I'm came flooding back to me. I'm like, I'm came flooding back to me. I'm like, I'm I'm 46. I'm fighting in a major I'm 46. I'm fighting in a major I'm 46. I'm fighting in a major metropolitan area on the streets. metropolitan area on the streets. metropolitan area on the streets. There's going to be legal consequences. There's going to be legal consequences. There's going to be legal consequences. And it was the weirdest end to a And it was the weirdest end to a And it was the weirdest end to a wrestling match. I just go, "Hey man, I wrestling match. I just go, "Hey man, I wrestling match. I just go, "Hey man, I got to go." Like I just I just got to go." Like I just I just got to go." Like I just I just My mom said I had to be home by 8. Like My mom said I had to be home by 8. Like My mom said I had to be home by 8. Like I I just I just left and he left and I I just I just left and he left and I I just I just left and he left and nobody said anything. Like the only guy nobody said anything. Like the only guy nobody said anything. Like the only guy that said anything was a dude with the that said anything was a dude with the that said anything was a dude with the cell phone. As I was walking AWAY, HE cell phone. As I was walking AWAY, HE cell phone. As I was walking AWAY, HE GOES, "YO, DOG. WHY'D HE HIT YOU?" I WAS GOES, "YO, DOG. WHY'D HE HIT YOU?" I WAS GOES, "YO, DOG. WHY'D HE HIT YOU?" I WAS LIKE, "CUZ HE'S CRAZY. [laughter] LIKE, "CUZ HE'S CRAZY. [laughter] LIKE, "CUZ HE'S CRAZY. [laughter] HE GOES, "YOU A CHAMP, DOG. YOU A HE GOES, "YOU A CHAMP, DOG. YOU A HE GOES, "YOU A CHAMP, DOG. YOU A CHAMP." AND [laughter] that made me like CHAMP." AND [laughter] that made me like CHAMP." AND [laughter] that made me like proud. I was proud. I was proud. I was I was proud. I was like, "Yeah, at least I was proud. I was like, "Yeah, at least I was proud. I was like, "Yeah, at least one person in this city knows I can one person in this city knows I can one person in this city knows I can still beat a heroin addict in a still beat a heroin addict in a still beat a heroin addict in a wrestling match if I need to." wrestling match if I need to." wrestling match if I need to." And I and I just uh I went home and I And I and I just uh I went home and I And I and I just uh I went home and I was like shaken up. And uh I called my was like shaken up. And uh I called my was like shaken up. And uh I called my friend Mike who had lived in the city friend Mike who had lived in the city friend Mike who had lived in the city for a long time. And we got to the part for a long time. And we got to the part for a long time. And we got to the part about the cell phone and he goes, "Whoa, about the cell phone and he goes, "Whoa, about the cell phone and he goes, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, dude. This is on tape." whoa, whoa, dude. This is on tape." whoa, whoa, dude. This is on tape." I go, "Yeah, I guess so." He goes, I go, "Yeah, I guess so." He goes, I go, "Yeah, I guess so." He goes, "Dude, this is going to be the biggest "Dude, this is going to be the biggest "Dude, this is going to be the biggest thing in your career." [laughter] I go, thing in your career." [laughter] I go, thing in your career." [laughter] I go, "Hey, man. I had a Comedy Central "Hey, man. I had a Comedy Central "Hey, man. I had a Comedy Central special." He goes, "Yeah, dude, but special." He goes, "Yeah, dude, but special." He goes, "Yeah, dude, but people are going to watch this like people are going to watch this like people are going to watch this like pretty close to my son. pretty close to my son. pretty close to my son. My son and I bond. My son and I watched My son and I bond. My son and I watched My son and I bond. My son and I watched a lot of football together. That's how a lot of football together. That's how a lot of football together. That's how we got close. That's how a lot of men we got close. That's how a lot of men we got close. That's how a lot of men process emotions. We watch sports process emotions. We watch sports process emotions. We watch sports because the sports are up on the screen because the sports are up on the screen because the sports are up on the screen safely. That's where the emotions are. safely. That's where the emotions are. safely. That's where the emotions are. You're sitting on the couch and you can You're sitting on the couch and you can You're sitting on the couch and you can almost like live vicariously through almost like live vicariously through almost like live vicariously through what's happening on that screen. Almost what's happening on that screen. Almost what's happening on that screen. Almost becomes like a metaphor for what's becomes like a metaphor for what's becomes like a metaphor for what's happening with you. Like I remember happening with you. Like I remember happening with you. Like I remember watching a football game this year and watching a football game this year and watching a football game this year and we're on the couch. I'm like, "Wow, we're on the couch. I'm like, "Wow, we're on the couch. I'm like, "Wow, seems like um seems like Russell seems like um seems like Russell seems like um seems like Russell Wilson's having a hard time lately, Wilson's having a hard time lately, Wilson's having a hard time lately, huh?" huh?" huh?" And he's like, "Yeah, yeah, I think And he's like, "Yeah, yeah, I think And he's like, "Yeah, yeah, I think Russell Wilson is having a hard time Russell Wilson is having a hard time Russell Wilson is having a hard time lately." [laughter] lately." [laughter] lately." [laughter] I said, "Well, what do you think is I said, "Well, what do you think is I said, "Well, what do you think is going on with him?" He goes, "Well, going on with him?" He goes, "Well, going on with him?" He goes, "Well, honestly, I I just feel like the coach honestly, I I just feel like the coach honestly, I I just feel like the coach is pushing him too hard. He's just on is pushing him too hard. He's just on is pushing him too hard. He's just on his back all the time, and he just won't his back all the time, and he just won't his back all the time, and he just won't let Well, that's probably cuz the coach let Well, that's probably cuz the coach let Well, that's probably cuz the coach sees how much potential Russell has, and sees how much potential Russell has, and sees how much potential Russell has, and he feels like it's his job to help him he feels like it's his job to help him he feels like it's his job to help him reach that full pot. Well, he should reach that full pot. Well, he should reach that full pot. Well, he should back off. back off. back off. It's too much. It's too much. It's too much. Well, you know, Russell's a free agent Well, you know, Russell's a free agent Well, you know, Russell's a free agent next year, and then I guess he can next year, and then I guess he can next year, and then I guess he can figure out where he's going to get his figure out where he's going to get his figure out where he's going to get his own money from, own money from, own money from, Dad. Yes, son. Dad. Yes, son. Dad. Yes, son. I think Russell Wilson might be gay. All I think Russell Wilson might be gay. All I think Russell Wilson might be gay. All right, let's watch some hockey. Here we right, let's watch some hockey. Here we right, let's watch some hockey. Here we go. [applause] I now feel if you want to feel generally I now feel if you want to feel generally I now feel if you want to feel generally positive about the current state of the positive about the current state of the positive about the current state of the United States of America on a global United States of America on a global United States of America on a global cultural scale, what you need to do is cultural scale, what you need to do is cultural scale, what you need to do is you need to watch 90Day Fiance on TLC. you need to watch 90Day Fiance on TLC. you need to watch 90Day Fiance on TLC. Cuz Cuz Cuz cuz you watch that and you realize cuz you watch that and you realize cuz you watch that and you realize America must be doing something right, America must be doing something right, America must be doing something right, dude. Cuz people all around this world dude. Cuz people all around this world dude. Cuz people all around this world are lining up doing whatever it takes, are lining up doing whatever it takes, are lining up doing whatever it takes, throwing it all the way just for the throwing it all the way just for the throwing it all the way just for the chance to make it somewhere in the chance to make it somewhere in the chance to make it somewhere in the Midwest. They don't give a where they Midwest. They don't give a where they Midwest. They don't give a where they end up, dude. They just want They'll do end up, dude. They just want They'll do end up, dude. They just want They'll do anything up to and including marrying anything up to and including marrying anything up to and including marrying the biggest jabron in the state of Ohio. the biggest jabron in the state of Ohio. the biggest jabron in the state of Ohio. Gladly. They'll interview this guy on Gladly. They'll interview this guy on Gladly. They'll interview this guy on there. He's like, "Yeah, my name's there. He's like, "Yeah, my name's there. He's like, "Yeah, my name's Jason. I'm a 35-year-old dodgeball Jason. I'm a 35-year-old dodgeball Jason. I'm a 35-year-old dodgeball coach." And uh ever since my mom kicked coach." And uh ever since my mom kicked coach." And uh ever since my mom kicked me out, I've been looking for Miss me out, I've been looking for Miss me out, I've been looking for Miss Wright. You know, like like the type of Wright. You know, like like the type of Wright. You know, like like the type of woman that knows how to load the woman that knows how to load the woman that knows how to load the dishwasher and keep her mouth shut dishwasher and keep her mouth shut dishwasher and keep her mouth shut during Buckeyes games. That type of during Buckeyes games. That type of during Buckeyes games. That type of thing, right? thing, right? thing, right? And you're listening like, "I don't like And you're listening like, "I don't like And you're listening like, "I don't like your chances, Jason. your chances, Jason. your chances, Jason. you don't seem like much of a catch to you don't seem like much of a catch to you don't seem like much of a catch to me. Then they cut to some beautiful girl me. Then they cut to some beautiful girl me. Then they cut to some beautiful girl in Estonia or somewhere like that just in Estonia or somewhere like that just in Estonia or somewhere like that just like Jason is man of my dreams. I often fantasize about being with him I often fantasize about being with him I often fantasize about being with him and eating hamburger helper off of and eating hamburger helper off of and eating hamburger helper off of pepper plate. pepper plate. pepper plate. I'm feeling good and I'm feeling chill I'm feeling good and I'm feeling chill I'm feeling good and I'm feeling chill and that's huge for me. That's been my and that's huge for me. That's been my and that's huge for me. That's been my goal for a while now. I've been trying goal for a while now. I've been trying goal for a while now. I've been trying to make myself feel more chill, which is to make myself feel more chill, which is to make myself feel more chill, which is a cooler way of saying I was recently a cooler way of saying I was recently a cooler way of saying I was recently put on mood stabilizers. [laughter] put on mood stabilizers. [laughter] put on mood stabilizers. [laughter] Thank you. Thank you so much. I don't Thank you. Thank you so much. I don't Thank you. Thank you so much. I don't know what they do scientifically. My know what they do scientifically. My know what they do scientifically. My psychiatrist says the goal is to turn my psychiatrist says the goal is to turn my psychiatrist says the goal is to turn my moods into vibes. So, I'm just kind of moods into vibes. So, I'm just kind of moods into vibes. So, I'm just kind of vibing out 24/7 doctor's orders. vibing out 24/7 doctor's orders. vibing out 24/7 doctor's orders. Mood stabilizers are great. I know they Mood stabilizers are great. I know they Mood stabilizers are great. I know they work cuz like the first or second week I work cuz like the first or second week I work cuz like the first or second week I started taking them, my wife and I, we started taking them, my wife and I, we started taking them, my wife and I, we went to Joshua Tree in California. I went to Joshua Tree in California. I went to Joshua Tree in California. I don't know if anyone here has been to don't know if anyone here has been to don't know if anyone here has been to Joshua Tree, but it's a uh dog town in Joshua Tree, but it's a uh dog town in Joshua Tree, but it's a uh dog town in the middle of the desert. Our last night the middle of the desert. Our last night the middle of the desert. Our last night in Joshua Tree, I looked at my wife and in Joshua Tree, I looked at my wife and in Joshua Tree, I looked at my wife and I was like, "Babe, it's our last night I was like, "Babe, it's our last night I was like, "Babe, it's our last night here. I'm going to splurge a little. I'm here. I'm going to splurge a little. I'm here. I'm going to splurge a little. I'm going to get takeout from the best going to get takeout from the best going to get takeout from the best restaurant in Joshua Tree." So, I did a restaurant in Joshua Tree." So, I did a restaurant in Joshua Tree." So, I did a little research on Yelp, drove into little research on Yelp, drove into little research on Yelp, drove into town, got takeout from this beautiful town, got takeout from this beautiful town, got takeout from this beautiful little Italian restaurant they have little Italian restaurant they have little Italian restaurant they have there called uh Domino's Pizza. there called uh Domino's Pizza. there called uh Domino's Pizza. So, I walk into this Domino's, there's So, I walk into this Domino's, there's So, I walk into this Domino's, there's already a man in line. So, I stand already a man in line. So, I stand already a man in line. So, I stand behind him. I sort of nod at him, behind him. I sort of nod at him, behind him. I sort of nod at him, indicating I'm chill now. indicating I'm chill now. indicating I'm chill now. Take your time. Take your time. Take your time. And this man is just staring at the menu And this man is just staring at the menu And this man is just staring at the menu for so long. In his defense, there are for so long. In his defense, there are for so long. In his defense, there are six things. So, he was overwhelmed by six things. So, he was overwhelmed by six things. So, he was overwhelmed by the menu and eventually he looked at the the menu and eventually he looked at the the menu and eventually he looked at the young woman behind the counter and he young woman behind the counter and he young woman behind the counter and he went, "Um, excuse me, miss. Do you guys went, "Um, excuse me, miss. Do you guys went, "Um, excuse me, miss. Do you guys make margarita style?" And the young woman behind the counter, And the young woman behind the counter, And the young woman behind the counter, she was like, "No, I'm sorry. We don't she was like, "No, I'm sorry. We don't she was like, "No, I'm sorry. We don't serve alcohol here." And this guy is so condescending. He was And this guy is so condescending. He was And this guy is so condescending. He was like, "Uh, no, no, no. Margarita style. like, "Uh, no, no, no. Margarita style. like, "Uh, no, no, no. Margarita style. That's how we eat pizza on the East That's how we eat pizza on the East That's how we eat pizza on the East Coast. Coast. Coast. And I was like, "Hatred confirmed." You And I was like, "Hatred confirmed." You And I was like, "Hatred confirmed." You know, this girl, she's trying her best. know, this girl, she's trying her best. know, this girl, she's trying her best. She goes, "Okay, uh, well, can you tell She goes, "Okay, uh, well, can you tell She goes, "Okay, uh, well, can you tell me what margarita style pizza is cuz me what margarita style pizza is cuz me what margarita style pizza is cuz maybe I can make something similar for maybe I can make something similar for maybe I can make something similar for you?" And he went, "Oh, I don't know. I don't know what it is." I don't know what it is." I don't know what it is." And it didn't stop there. They just kept And it didn't stop there. They just kept And it didn't stop there. They just kept talking. It was like six or seven more talking. It was like six or seven more talking. It was like six or seven more minutes of these two morons trying to minutes of these two morons trying to minutes of these two morons trying to figure out what he thinks margarita figure out what he thinks margarita figure out what he thinks margarita style pizza might be hypothetically. style pizza might be hypothetically. style pizza might be hypothetically. And what he ended up ordering was so And what he ended up ordering was so And what he ended up ordering was so insane. He ordered a large Pacific insane. He ordered a large Pacific insane. He ordered a large Pacific Supreme pizza with pineapple. Okay, Supreme pizza with pineapple. Okay, Supreme pizza with pineapple. Okay, crazy. Especially when I tell you it crazy. Especially when I tell you it crazy. Especially when I tell you it does not come with pineapple. He added does not come with pineapple. He added does not come with pineapple. He added pineapple cuz in his head he was like, I pineapple cuz in his head he was like, I pineapple cuz in his head he was like, I think that's what makes it margarita think that's what makes it margarita think that's what makes it margarita style, you know. But I handled it really style, you know. But I handled it really style, you know. But I handled it really well. I really kept it together. All I well. I really kept it together. All I well. I really kept it together. All I did was every 30 or 40 seconds I would did was every 30 or 40 seconds I would did was every 30 or 40 seconds I would just take a deep breath and go. Just the most passive aggressive sigh Just the most passive aggressive sigh Just the most passive aggressive sigh you've ever heard in your life. you've ever heard in your life. you've ever heard in your life. But for me, that's growth. But for me, that's growth. But for me, that's growth. Do you know what I'm saying? I hate to Do you know what I'm saying? I hate to Do you know what I'm saying? I hate to think what would have happened in that think what would have happened in that think what would have happened in that Domino's if I went in there unmedicated. Domino's if I went in there unmedicated. Domino's if I went in there unmedicated. Like the moment he added pineapple to Like the moment he added pineapple to Like the moment he added pineapple to his pizza, I would have been like and I his pizza, I would have been like and I his pizza, I would have been like and I would have walked over to the door and would have walked over to the door and would have walked over to the door and locked it, [laughter] you know, locked it, [laughter] you know, locked it, [laughter] you know, and then just held the Domino's hostage. and then just held the Domino's hostage. and then just held the Domino's hostage. I would have put a pizza slicer to his I would have put a pizza slicer to his I would have put a pizza slicer to his neck, neck, neck, waited for police to arrive, and then I waited for police to arrive, and then I waited for police to arrive, and then I make the police negotiator tell this guy make the police negotiator tell this guy make the police negotiator tell this guy through the window that he just wants a through the window that he just wants a through the window that he just wants a cheese pizza. That's all he wants. He cheese pizza. That's all he wants. He cheese pizza. That's all he wants. He wants a cheese pizza with a little basil wants a cheese pizza with a little basil wants a cheese pizza with a little basil on top. He's too stupid to know he wants on top. He's too stupid to know he wants on top. He's too stupid to know he wants a cheese pizza. So anyway, I'm chill now. It feels So anyway, I'm chill now. It feels So anyway, I'm chill now. It feels great. great. great. I'm back. I'm back. I'm back. I work in television. Uh I watch a lot I work in television. Uh I watch a lot I work in television. Uh I watch a lot of television. I think I have a pretty of television. I think I have a pretty of television. I think I have a pretty refined taste in television actually. Uh refined taste in television actually. Uh refined taste in television actually. Uh I mostly watch a channel called A&E, I mostly watch a channel called A&E, I mostly watch a channel called A&E, which stands for arts and entertainment. which stands for arts and entertainment. which stands for arts and entertainment. It's very classy. My favorite show on It's very classy. My favorite show on It's very classy. My favorite show on A&E, maybe my favorite show of all time A&E, maybe my favorite show of all time A&E, maybe my favorite show of all time is a a TV show called Intervention. is a a TV show called Intervention. is a a TV show called Intervention. Okay, if you haven't seen Intervention, Okay, if you haven't seen Intervention, Okay, if you haven't seen Intervention, uh, how do I describe it? Um, well, it's uh, how do I describe it? Um, well, it's uh, how do I describe it? Um, well, it's basically a prank show. And the way it works is a production And the way it works is a production And the way it works is a production company descends on some awful little company descends on some awful little company descends on some awful little town and they are looking for a huge town and they are looking for a huge town and they are looking for a huge drug addict, right? and they find a drug drug addict, right? and they find a drug drug addict, right? and they find a drug addict and they go up to him and they're addict and they go up to him and they're addict and they go up to him and they're like hey man um we heard you're pretty like hey man um we heard you're pretty like hey man um we heard you're pretty good at taking drugs and he's like uh good at taking drugs and he's like uh good at taking drugs and he's like uh pretty good I'm the best you know I'm a pretty good I'm the best you know I'm a pretty good I'm the best you know I'm a it's all I do and they're like awesome I it's all I do and they're like awesome I it's all I do and they're like awesome I mean would you ever consider getting mean would you ever consider getting mean would you ever consider getting high on camera and he's like uh it would high on camera and he's like uh it would high on camera and he's like uh it would be an honor be an honor be an honor and then for the first 40 minutes of and then for the first 40 minutes of and then for the first 40 minutes of every episode intervention they just every episode intervention they just every episode intervention they just follow this guy around as he gets so follow this guy around as he gets so follow this guy around as he gets so high on camera like incredible like high on camera like incredible like high on camera like incredible like every episode intervention there is a every episode intervention there is a every episode intervention there is a moment you're like this guy is a pro moment you're like this guy is a pro moment you're like this guy is a pro like I have never been this high. like I have never been this high. like I have never been this high. In the third act, that's when things get In the third act, that's when things get In the third act, that's when things get real, right? The third act, the guy's real, right? The third act, the guy's real, right? The third act, the guy's comfortable doing drugs on camera. He's comfortable doing drugs on camera. He's comfortable doing drugs on camera. He's friends with the crew and the main friends with the crew and the main friends with the crew and the main producer comes up to him and and he's producer comes up to him and and he's producer comes up to him and and he's like, "Hey, so uh I don't know if you're like, "Hey, so uh I don't know if you're like, "Hey, so uh I don't know if you're open to this. It's just a pitch, but open to this. It's just a pitch, but open to this. It's just a pitch, but have you ever gotten like super high in have you ever gotten like super high in have you ever gotten like super high in a hotel conference room?" a hotel conference room?" a hotel conference room?" And the addict's like, "Uh, no, but that And the addict's like, "Uh, no, but that And the addict's like, "Uh, no, but that sounds dope. Let's do it. I'm down." sounds dope. Let's do it. I'm down." sounds dope. Let's do it. I'm down." Right? He walks into the hotel Right? He walks into the hotel Right? He walks into the hotel conference room all proud of himself and conference room all proud of himself and conference room all proud of himself and then boom, it's all his friends and then boom, it's all his friends and then boom, it's all his friends and family. They hold an intervention for family. They hold an intervention for family. They hold an intervention for him. Uh pranked, you know. him. Uh pranked, you know. him. Uh pranked, you know. It rules. It rules. It rules. I think I'm all set on family. I think I think I'm all set on family. I think I think I'm all set on family. I think I'm I think I'm all good. I'm done. I'm I think I'm all good. I'm done. I'm I think I'm all good. I'm done. Family is my least favorite group Family is my least favorite group Family is my least favorite group project project project cuz it's like in school there's always cuz it's like in school there's always cuz it's like in school there's always somebody has to do the majority of the somebody has to do the majority of the somebody has to do the majority of the work, right? And it's never the dad. work, right? And it's never the dad. work, right? And it's never the dad. It's never the dad. It's not the dad. It's never the dad. It's not the dad. It's never the dad. It's not the dad. Everyone I know was raised by their mom Everyone I know was raised by their mom Everyone I know was raised by their mom and executive produced by their dad, and executive produced by their dad, and executive produced by their dad, right? You need him to get the project right? You need him to get the project right? You need him to get the project made, but he isn't like in the editing made, but he isn't like in the editing made, but he isn't like in the editing bay. bay. bay. He's just showing up like this is all my He's just showing up like this is all my He's just showing up like this is all my money's getting. NO, money's getting. NO, money's getting. NO, I've been working on my relationship I've been working on my relationship I've been working on my relationship with my executive producer with my executive producer with my executive producer and we had a breakthrough recently. He and we had a breakthrough recently. He and we had a breakthrough recently. He texted me. My dad texted me and the text texted me. My dad texted me and the text texted me. My dad texted me and the text just said, "I trust you're doing well." just said, "I trust you're doing well." just said, "I trust you're doing well." And I was like, "Ah, I guess my dad and And I was like, "Ah, I guess my dad and And I was like, "Ah, I guess my dad and I dated. [laughter] We split up. It wasn't mutual. That We split up. It wasn't mutual. That We split up. It wasn't mutual. That makes sense why we've been like this. makes sense why we've been like this. makes sense why we've been like this. I don't blame my dad, by the way, for us I don't blame my dad, by the way, for us I don't blame my dad, by the way, for us being a little distant. I was kind of a being a little distant. I was kind of a being a little distant. I was kind of a weird kid, you know, like my favorite weird kid, you know, like my favorite weird kid, you know, like my favorite thing to do in the summer when I was 10 thing to do in the summer when I was 10 thing to do in the summer when I was 10 was watch the Prices, right? was watch the Prices, right? was watch the Prices, right? Yeah. Great show, right? I mean, but Yeah. Great show, right? I mean, but Yeah. Great show, right? I mean, but also I thought it was helping my also I thought it was helping my also I thought it was helping my relationship with my dad cuz he was relationship with my dad cuz he was relationship with my dad cuz he was always like, "You don't know the value always like, "You don't know the value always like, "You don't know the value of a dollar." I was like, "Oh, yeah. of a dollar." I was like, "Oh, yeah. of a dollar." I was like, "Oh, yeah. I bet you don't know the value of this I bet you don't know the value of this I bet you don't know the value of this brand new jet ski, [screaming] huh? Come brand new jet ski, [screaming] huh? Come brand new jet ski, [screaming] huh? Come on down. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Excuse me. How fun. This is so nice. [laughter] For some amount of time, I haven't For some amount of time, I haven't For some amount of time, I haven't checked my phone. [snorts] And I love checked my phone. [snorts] And I love checked my phone. [snorts] And I love that. Isn't that nice? that. Isn't that nice? that. Isn't that nice? I haven't looked at my phone this whole I haven't looked at my phone this whole I haven't looked at my phone this whole time. We're just We're on our phones so time. We're just We're on our phones so time. We're just We're on our phones so much and we're addicted, right? I mean, much and we're addicted, right? I mean, much and we're addicted, right? I mean, I just said phone. And a small part of I just said phone. And a small part of I just said phone. And a small part of all of your brain was like, "Oh, yeah. all of your brain was like, "Oh, yeah. all of your brain was like, "Oh, yeah. My phone. [laughter] I wonder what it's My phone. [laughter] I wonder what it's My phone. [laughter] I wonder what it's doing. doing. doing. Does it miss me, too?" [laughter] Does it miss me, too?" [laughter] Does it miss me, too?" [laughter] Like, we're on our screen so much. I'm Like, we're on our screen so much. I'm Like, we're on our screen so much. I'm worried that I'll have a kid and they'll worried that I'll have a kid and they'll worried that I'll have a kid and they'll like make eye contact with someone. I'll like make eye contact with someone. I'll like make eye contact with someone. I'll have to apologize. I'll be like, "I'm so have to apologize. I'll be like, "I'm so have to apologize. I'll be like, "I'm so sorry. He's an old soul. [laughter] sorry. He's an old soul. [laughter] sorry. He's an old soul. [laughter] He was just diagnosed with attention He was just diagnosed with attention He was just diagnosed with attention span. I don't You know, I don't like big tech. That's why I I don't like big tech. That's why I I don't like big tech. That's why I don't like big tech. I don't like them. don't like big tech. I don't like them. don't like big tech. I don't like them. I also don't like that they call I also don't like that they call I also don't like that they call themselves big tech, right? It kind of themselves big tech, right? It kind of themselves big tech, right? It kind of sounds like they made up their own sounds like they made up their own sounds like they made up their own nickname. nickname. nickname. Like they switch high schools. They want Like they switch high schools. They want Like they switch high schools. They want to seem cool. to seem cool. to seem cool. Like we're doing roll call for American Like we're doing roll call for American Like we're doing roll call for American Industries and we're like, "Okay, oil Industries and we're like, "Okay, oil Industries and we're like, "Okay, oil and gas." And they're like, "Hey." Like, and gas." And they're like, "Hey." Like, and gas." And they're like, "Hey." Like, "Okay, great. Technology." They're like, "Okay, great. Technology." They're like, "Okay, great. Technology." They're like, "Um, it's it's tech. It's actually big "Um, it's it's tech. It's actually big "Um, it's it's tech. It's actually big tech. tech. tech. >> [applause and cheering] >> [applause and cheering] >> [applause and cheering] >> It's actually big tech has a girlfriend. >> It's actually big tech has a girlfriend. >> It's actually big tech has a girlfriend. Uh, it's big tech has two girlfriends, Uh, it's big tech has two girlfriends, Uh, it's big tech has two girlfriends, but we don't use labels. It's big tech. but we don't use labels. It's big tech. but we don't use labels. It's big tech. Tech is big and the biggest is tech. So, Tech is big and the biggest is tech. So, Tech is big and the biggest is tech. So, tech tech big big big tech tech. Okay, tech tech big big big tech tech. Okay, tech tech big big big tech tech. Okay, great. We got it. All right. And before great. We got it. All right. And before great. We got it. All right. And before we get started, is manufacturing here? we get started, is manufacturing here? we get started, is manufacturing here? And then the class is like, uh, they And then the class is like, uh, they And then the class is like, uh, they moved. Jew is a fun word, huh? [laughter] Jew is a fun word, huh? [laughter] Jew is a fun word, huh? [laughter] It's a fun, it's a weird word. It's a It's a fun, it's a weird word. It's a It's a fun, it's a weird word. It's a last name. Did you know that? I went to last name. Did you know that? I went to last name. Did you know that? I went to Jewish summer camp with a kid named Ben Jewish summer camp with a kid named Ben Jewish summer camp with a kid named Ben Jew. That's a real person. And Joey Jew. That's a real person. And Joey Jew. That's a real person. And Joey Matzah. Those are real people. I sound Matzah. Those are real people. I sound Matzah. Those are real people. I sound like an undercover clansman trying to like an undercover clansman trying to like an undercover clansman trying to just make up stuff. I'm like, "Yeah, I just make up stuff. I'm like, "Yeah, I just make up stuff. I'm like, "Yeah, I went to Jew camp with Benj and Joey went to Jew camp with Benj and Joey went to Jew camp with Benj and Joey Matzah and Drrele Bagelstein." Matzah and Drrele Bagelstein." Matzah and Drrele Bagelstein." But here is what I think is weird about But here is what I think is weird about But here is what I think is weird about the word Jew. Typically, a slur takes a the word Jew. Typically, a slur takes a the word Jew. Typically, a slur takes a proper ethnic term and shortens it. Like proper ethnic term and shortens it. Like proper ethnic term and shortens it. Like I can't list them, but you know, you I can't list them, but you know, you I can't list them, but you know, you know them all. But Jew is already know them all. But Jew is already know them all. But Jew is already compact, right? So people get weird compact, right? So people get weird compact, right? So people get weird like, "Am I allowed to say Jew? Is that like, "Am I allowed to say Jew? Is that like, "Am I allowed to say Jew? Is that okay?" I'm like, "Yeah, Jew. Jew is okay?" I'm like, "Yeah, Jew. Jew is okay?" I'm like, "Yeah, Jew. Jew is fine. Jew is great so long as it's a fine. Jew is great so long as it's a fine. Jew is great so long as it's a noun, right? I'm a Jew. You're a Jew. noun, right? I'm a Jew. You're a Jew. noun, right? I'm a Jew. You're a Jew. It's the adjectives and verbs that'll It's the adjectives and verbs that'll It's the adjectives and verbs that'll get you in trouble." Like, "Yeah, my Jew get you in trouble." Like, "Yeah, my Jew get you in trouble." Like, "Yeah, my Jew lawyer tried to chew me out of five lawyer tried to chew me out of five lawyer tried to chew me out of five grand." I'm like, "Whoa, no, no, no. My grand." I'm like, "Whoa, no, no, no. My grand." I'm like, "Whoa, no, no, no. My Jewish lawyer tried to jip me out of Jewish lawyer tried to jip me out of Jewish lawyer tried to jip me out of five grand. See, [laughter] it's better five grand. See, [laughter] it's better five grand. See, [laughter] it's better because it offends a smaller, less because it offends a smaller, less because it offends a smaller, less powerful group of people. powerful group of people. powerful group of people. [laughter] That's a fun that's a fun [laughter] That's a fun that's a fun [laughter] That's a fun that's a fun joke to tell because a lot of stuff has joke to tell because a lot of stuff has joke to tell because a lot of stuff has to go right. Right. To even get the to go right. Right. To even get the to go right. Right. To even get the joke, you got to know some stuff. Some joke, you got to know some stuff. Some joke, you got to know some stuff. Some history, some etmology, and then to history, some etmology, and then to history, some etmology, and then to laugh, you have to be a bad person. So laugh, you have to be a bad person. So laugh, you have to be a bad person. So that sweet spot, just educated and that sweet spot, just educated and that sweet spot, just educated and amoral. That's That's the fan base I'm amoral. That's That's the fan base I'm amoral. That's That's the fan base I'm trying to cultivate. [laughter] trying to cultivate. [laughter] trying to cultivate. [laughter] Do you guys have those like obnoxiously Do you guys have those like obnoxiously Do you guys have those like obnoxiously named, overpriced doggy daycare places named, overpriced doggy daycare places named, overpriced doggy daycare places around here? around here? around here? >> Those dumb names. Do you guys have any? >> Those dumb names. Do you guys have any? >> Those dumb names. Do you guys have any? >> Yell them out. What's the names of the >> Yell them out. What's the names of the >> Yell them out. What's the names of the places? places? places? >> Dogtopia. >> Dogtopia. >> Dogtopia. >> Dogtopia. >> Dogtopia. >> Dogtopia. >> I was in Boulder, Colorado. They had one >> I was in Boulder, Colorado. They had one >> I was in Boulder, Colorado. They had one called Bonjour. And it's like called Bonjour. And it's like called Bonjour. And it's like I bring my dog to a place 50 bucks to I bring my dog to a place 50 bucks to I bring my dog to a place 50 bucks to bring her to hang out for the day and bring her to hang out for the day and bring her to hang out for the day and then they text me like they to guilt me then they text me like they to guilt me then they text me like they to guilt me into buying add-ons for her. [laughter] into buying add-ons for her. [laughter] into buying add-ons for her. [laughter] They send me a picture of her. She's all They send me a picture of her. She's all They send me a picture of her. She's all sad. sad. sad. The other dogs are in the back like and The other dogs are in the back like and The other dogs are in the back like and drinking and smoking cigarettes. It's my drinking and smoking cigarettes. It's my drinking and smoking cigarettes. It's my dog. [laughter] [applause] Dog's doing a keg stand. [applause] Dog's doing a keg stand. [applause] Dog's doing a keg stand. Hey, text me. For $15, you could get Hey, text me. For $15, you could get Hey, text me. For $15, you could get your dog a compassionate CBD paw rub. your dog a compassionate CBD paw rub. your dog a compassionate CBD paw rub. Can you just make sure she doesn't eat? Can you just make sure she doesn't eat? Can you just make sure she doesn't eat? That's like really all we want. That's like really all we want. That's like really all we want. She doesn't need 12 minutes in the She doesn't need 12 minutes in the She doesn't need 12 minutes in the heated pool with a snuffle pad. Just heated pool with a snuffle pad. Just heated pool with a snuffle pad. Just [laughter] please keep her out of [laughter] please keep her out of [laughter] please keep her out of traffic. That's all we want. traffic. That's all we want. traffic. That's all we want. >> I'm glad we're traveling again. Few >> I'm glad we're traveling again. Few >> I'm glad we're traveling again. Few years ago went to Bangkok. Almost didn't years ago went to Bangkok. Almost didn't years ago went to Bangkok. Almost didn't go. Saw a video on YouTube called the go. Saw a video on YouTube called the go. Saw a video on YouTube called the scams of Bangkok. scams of Bangkok. scams of Bangkok. This dude was a little paranoid. He's This dude was a little paranoid. He's This dude was a little paranoid. He's like, "If you go to a museum and you see like, "If you go to a museum and you see like, "If you go to a museum and you see someone smiling, total scam. someone smiling, total scam. someone smiling, total scam. If you go to a restaurant, they have If you go to a restaurant, they have If you go to a restaurant, they have noodles on the menu. Your identity's noodles on the menu. Your identity's noodles on the menu. Your identity's just been stolen. If you show up at your hotel, there's a If you show up at your hotel, there's a If you show up at your hotel, there's a front desk called Innerpole. front desk called Innerpole. front desk called Innerpole. Classic flim flam. I was racist in grade one. Yeah, I I was racist in grade one. Yeah, I I was racist in grade one. Yeah, I didn't mean to be racist. I don't know didn't mean to be racist. I don't know didn't mean to be racist. I don't know why I did this. why I did this. why I did this. My best friend was a kid named Ramy My best friend was a kid named Ramy My best friend was a kid named Ramy Jakari. Jakari. Jakari. That's how he said his name. I don't That's how he said his name. I don't That's how he said his name. I don't know why I did this. I wasn't trying to know why I did this. I wasn't trying to know why I did this. I wasn't trying to be funny. I wasn't trying to be mean. I be funny. I wasn't trying to be mean. I be funny. I wasn't trying to be mean. I was just six-year-old kid. He was one of was just six-year-old kid. He was one of was just six-year-old kid. He was one of my best friends. But I'd call him over my best friends. But I'd call him over my best friends. But I'd call him over every recess. Ramy. every recess. Ramy. every recess. Ramy. Okay, let's try this. Did I say anything? Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Okay, I got some other ideas tomorrow. Okay, I got some other ideas tomorrow. Okay, I got some other ideas tomorrow. I'll see you at recess. I'll see you at recess. I'll see you at recess. I do that every day. Then I go to his I do that every day. Then I go to his I do that every day. Then I go to his house for lunch. You ever go to an house for lunch. You ever go to an house for lunch. You ever go to an Arabic person's house for lunch when Arabic person's house for lunch when Arabic person's house for lunch when you're six? It's terrifying. you're six? It's terrifying. you're six? It's terrifying. Everything they say, they sound angry. Everything they say, they sound angry. Everything they say, they sound angry. His father would come in the room. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. My dad would like to know if you'd like My dad would like to know if you'd like My dad would like to know if you'd like peanut butter and jelly sandwich for peanut butter and jelly sandwich for peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch. [laughter] lunch. [laughter] lunch. [laughter] >> I think that horseback riding is quite >> I think that horseback riding is quite >> I think that horseback riding is quite overly descriptive for that activity. overly descriptive for that activity. overly descriptive for that activity. Cuz why do we have the word back in Cuz why do we have the word back in Cuz why do we have the word back in there? [laughter] there? [laughter] there? [laughter] Have you all seen a horse before? Have you all seen a horse before? Have you all seen a horse before? Everyone picture a horse right now. Everyone picture a horse right now. Everyone picture a horse right now. [laughter] Where else are you going to [laughter] Where else are you going to [laughter] Where else are you going to ride it? ride it? ride it? What other option is there? [laughter] What other option is there? [laughter] What other option is there? [laughter] You're grabbing the tail and doing a You're grabbing the tail and doing a You're grabbing the tail and doing a little landsk. little landsk. little landsk. I guarantee you anyone who's ever tried I guarantee you anyone who's ever tried I guarantee you anyone who's ever tried to horse front ride [laughter] to horse front ride [laughter] to horse front ride [laughter] has died. has died. has died. Cause of death, horse. [laughter] Cause of death, horse. [laughter] Cause of death, horse. [laughter] What do you want to do this weekend? Oh, What do you want to do this weekend? Oh, What do you want to do this weekend? Oh, let's go horseback riding. Great. How let's go horseback riding. Great. How let's go horseback riding. Great. How are we going to get there? H, it's are we going to get there? H, it's are we going to get there? H, it's pretty far away. I guess we'll have to pretty far away. I guess we'll have to pretty far away. I guess we'll have to car inside drive. car inside drive. car inside drive. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> You know, in in England where they know >> You know, in in England where they know >> You know, in in England where they know a thing or two about the English a thing or two about the English a thing or two about the English language, [laughter] language, [laughter] language, [laughter] they call it horse riding. they call it horse riding. they call it horse riding. If someone came to you and they said, If someone came to you and they said, If someone came to you and they said, "Hey, you know, last weekend I went "Hey, you know, last weekend I went "Hey, you know, last weekend I went horse riding." You wouldn't be like, horse riding." You wouldn't be like, horse riding." You wouldn't be like, "HOW [laughter] "HOW [laughter] "HOW [laughter] can you be more specific? How are you can you be more specific? How are you can you be more specific? How are you arranged on this beast? [laughter] Were arranged on this beast? [laughter] Were arranged on this beast? [laughter] Were you on top or was it a bellyto belly you on top or was it a bellyto belly you on top or was it a bellyto belly missionary type of thing?" Yeah, you missionary type of thing?" Yeah, you missionary type of thing?" Yeah, you just don't [laughter] just don't [laughter] just don't [laughter] I need a visual. I need a visual. I need a visual. One night I was sitting around uh my One night I was sitting around uh my One night I was sitting around uh my apartment during the pandemic one night. apartment during the pandemic one night. apartment during the pandemic one night. I mean [laughter] I mean [laughter] I mean [laughter] more than one, but that particular night more than one, but that particular night more than one, but that particular night uh I decided to Google weird laws in uh I decided to Google weird laws in uh I decided to Google weird laws in Boulder, Colorado. Boulder, Colorado. Boulder, Colorado. [laughter] Well, you know, I had some [laughter] Well, you know, I had some [laughter] Well, you know, I had some time. Uh time. Uh time. Uh so, and this is true. These are all so, and this is true. These are all so, and this is true. These are all really laws. Uh in Boulder, you cannot really laws. Uh in Boulder, you cannot really laws. Uh in Boulder, you cannot graze your llama on public land in graze your llama on public land in graze your llama on public land in Boulder. You know, I swear that's true. Boulder. You know, I swear that's true. Boulder. You know, I swear that's true. And that bummed me out. I'm not going to And that bummed me out. I'm not going to And that bummed me out. I'm not going to lie. I lie. I lie. I I had to have a heart-to-heart talk with I had to have a heart-to-heart talk with I had to have a heart-to-heart talk with my llama. I'm like, [laughter] my llama. I'm like, [laughter] my llama. I'm like, [laughter] I I can't afford to feed you anymore. I I can't afford to feed you anymore. I I can't afford to feed you anymore. You're not allowed to graze on public You're not allowed to graze on public You're not allowed to graze on public land. So you're free to go. Yeah. land. So you're free to go. Yeah. land. So you're free to go. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. If you ever come across a Thanks. Yeah. If you ever come across a Thanks. Yeah. If you ever come across a llama wandering around Boulder, that's llama wandering around Boulder, that's llama wandering around Boulder, that's Bobby. You know, [laughter] Bobby. You know, [laughter] Bobby. You know, [laughter] maybe try to point him in the direction maybe try to point him in the direction maybe try to point him in the direction of some private land and let him. of some private land and let him. of some private land and let him. All right. Remember the first couple All right. Remember the first couple All right. Remember the first couple months of the lockdown as a just some months of the lockdown as a just some months of the lockdown as a just some real dark days. real dark days. real dark days. Yeah. I just thought I'd bring you back Yeah. I just thought I'd bring you back Yeah. I just thought I'd bring you back there. I remember the first couple of months of I remember the first couple of months of I remember the first couple of months of that lockdown. The whole world's caving that lockdown. The whole world's caving that lockdown. The whole world's caving in around me. All of us, you know, we in around me. All of us, you know, we in around me. All of us, you know, we don't know what the hell's going on. You don't know what the hell's going on. You don't know what the hell's going on. You lost your job. You're in your locked in lost your job. You're in your locked in lost your job. You're in your locked in your house with your kids. your house with your kids. your house with your kids. just washing your mail. And [laughter] I tell you, man, I found myself doing I tell you, man, I found myself doing I tell you, man, I found myself doing all these childhood activities, you all these childhood activities, you all these childhood activities, you know, like doing puzzles and playing know, like doing puzzles and playing know, like doing puzzles and playing board games and crying. Maybe throw in some long showers. >> [laughter] >> Sometimes I'd cry in the shower, >> Sometimes I'd cry in the shower, >> Sometimes I'd cry in the shower, just multitasking. I'll tell you this about the pandemic. I'll tell you this about the pandemic. I'll tell you this about the pandemic. Like, I would rather cry than do a Like, I would rather cry than do a Like, I would rather cry than do a [\h__\h] puzzle. [laughter] I'd rather eat a puzzle. [laughter] thousand pieces. No problem. And then in the morning I a rustic And then in the morning I a rustic And then in the morning I a rustic farmhouse, which is weird cuz it was a puzzle of a which is weird cuz it was a puzzle of a which is weird cuz it was a puzzle of a kitty. kitty. kitty. Something ain't right down there. Something ain't right down there. Something ain't right down there. Something's off. [laughter] So stupid. All right. So stupid. All right. So stupid. All right. I just don't trust anyone who's never I just don't trust anyone who's never I just don't trust anyone who's never worked a job where they thought about worked a job where they thought about worked a job where they thought about killing themselves at least once. Like killing themselves at least once. Like killing themselves at least once. Like at least once. [cheering] at least once. [cheering] at least once. [cheering] Like once. Like once. Like once. You're just like this could all end and You're just like this could all end and You're just like this could all end and I can end it right now. I can end it right now. I can end it right now. I'm not even clinically depressed right I'm not even clinically depressed right I'm not even clinically depressed right now. But what if now. But what if now. But what if what if I just killed myself? You know what if I just killed myself? You know what if I just killed myself? You know that thing where you're like, "God damn that thing where you're like, "God damn that thing where you're like, "God damn it, I got 5 hours left in this shift." it, I got 5 hours left in this shift." it, I got 5 hours left in this shift." Or Or Or swallow 25 aspirin. I don't know. swallow 25 aspirin. I don't know. swallow 25 aspirin. I don't know. Whatever it take. When you're Whatever it take. When you're Whatever it take. When you're barbacking, all you're doing is washing barbacking, all you're doing is washing barbacking, all you're doing is washing glasses and putting them away. Just glasses and putting them away. Just glasses and putting them away. Just stack them, put them away. And there's stack them, put them away. And there's stack them, put them away. And there's two or three bartenders that are slammed two or three bartenders that are slammed two or three bartenders that are slammed and you're not allowed to make drinks. and you're not allowed to make drinks. and you're not allowed to make drinks. And there's beers and ice in front of And there's beers and ice in front of And there's beers and ice in front of you and taps and liquor bottles behind you and taps and liquor bottles behind you and taps and liquor bottles behind you. And people are just LIKE, "JUST GET you. And people are just LIKE, "JUST GET you. And people are just LIKE, "JUST GET ME A DRINK. JUST POUR SOME WHISKEY IN A ME A DRINK. JUST POUR SOME WHISKEY IN A ME A DRINK. JUST POUR SOME WHISKEY IN A CUP. IT'S RIGHT THERE. THERE'S A BEER CUP. IT'S RIGHT THERE. THERE'S A BEER CUP. IT'S RIGHT THERE. THERE'S A BEER RIGHT THERE. GOD DAMN IT." YOU'RE LIKE, RIGHT THERE. GOD DAMN IT." YOU'RE LIKE, RIGHT THERE. GOD DAMN IT." YOU'RE LIKE, "I can't. Please stop yelling at me. I'm "I can't. Please stop yelling at me. I'm "I can't. Please stop yelling at me. I'm not allowed. I'll be fired. Please, sir. not allowed. I'll be fired. Please, sir. not allowed. I'll be fired. Please, sir. What are you, a stupid monkey?" YOU'RE What are you, a stupid monkey?" YOU'RE What are you, a stupid monkey?" YOU'RE JUST LIKE, "GOD DAMN IT." I remember JUST LIKE, "GOD DAMN IT." I remember JUST LIKE, "GOD DAMN IT." I remember looking down at a stirring fork and looking down at a stirring fork and looking down at a stirring fork and being like, "All it would take is just being like, "All it would take is just being like, "All it would take is just just two right there." Just right there just two right there." Just right there just two right there." Just right there and just bleed out in front of this and just bleed out in front of this and just bleed out in front of this [\h__\h] looking at him, sit on the [\h__\h] looking at him, sit on the [\h__\h] looking at him, sit on the stool and be like, "You did this." stool and be like, "You did this." stool and be like, "You did this." Just break all his drinks in half with Just break all his drinks in half with Just break all his drinks in half with my face and slide down the bar. Clean my face and slide down the bar. Clean my face and slide down the bar. Clean this up. Just die right there staring at this up. Just die right there staring at this up. Just die right there staring at him. Still dying. him. Still dying. him. Still dying. all behind the bar. >> You're cleaning this up, sir. You are. I >> You're cleaning this up, sir. You are. I >> You're cleaning this up, sir. You are. I don't know what you said. don't know what you said. don't know what you said. It crosses the mind, you know. It crosses the mind, you know. It crosses the mind, you know. Absolutely. But I think those jobs hone Absolutely. But I think those jobs hone Absolutely. But I think those jobs hone you and make you into the person you're you and make you into the person you're you and make you into the person you're supposed to be. If you've never worked a supposed to be. If you've never worked a supposed to be. If you've never worked a crap job, you know, that's bad cuz crap job, you know, that's bad cuz crap job, you know, that's bad cuz you're not your your truest self. You you're not your your truest self. You you're not your your truest self. You know, think it's like MMA or something, know, think it's like MMA or something, know, think it's like MMA or something, right? kind of makes you, right? kind of makes you, right? kind of makes you, you know, tough in your own way and find you know, tough in your own way and find you know, tough in your own way and find the real you. Like I was always a funny the real you. Like I was always a funny the real you. Like I was always a funny person growing up, you know. I was person growing up, you know. I was person growing up, you know. I was always class clown and stuff, but I always class clown and stuff, but I always class clown and stuff, but I would get accidentally hilarious when I would get accidentally hilarious when I would get accidentally hilarious when I was a bartender, when I was slammed and was a bartender, when I was slammed and was a bartender, when I was slammed and I stuff would just come out of me, you I stuff would just come out of me, you I stuff would just come out of me, you know, that would kill and I'd be like, I know, that would kill and I'd be like, I know, that would kill and I'd be like, I was just being serious. What? That was was just being serious. What? That was was just being serious. What? That was funny. Like I remember being so busy in funny. Like I remember being so busy in funny. Like I remember being so busy in the weeds as we call it in the industry, the weeds as we call it in the industry, the weeds as we call it in the industry, the folks here know. I uh lost my sight. the folks here know. I uh lost my sight. the folks here know. I uh lost my sight. Like I don't know if it was sweat in my Like I don't know if it was sweat in my Like I don't know if it was sweat in my eyes. I don't know if I was dehydrated, eyes. I don't know if I was dehydrated, eyes. I don't know if I was dehydrated, but my eyesight went blurry. And all I but my eyesight went blurry. And all I but my eyesight went blurry. And all I saw were colors and shapes. That's it. saw were colors and shapes. That's it. saw were colors and shapes. That's it. And I'm just pushing drinks out and And I'm just pushing drinks out and And I'm just pushing drinks out and hoping I'm making the right change and hoping I'm making the right change and hoping I'm making the right change and feeling credit cards like Braille to see feeling credit cards like Braille to see feeling credit cards like Braille to see who it is. You know, it was awful. And who it is. You know, it was awful. And who it is. You know, it was awful. And then some dick somewhere in front of me then some dick somewhere in front of me then some dick somewhere in front of me goes, "Am I invisible?" And I said goes, "Am I invisible?" And I said goes, "Am I invisible?" And I said sincerely, "Who said that?" And the sincerely, "Who said that?" And the sincerely, "Who said that?" And the whole bar cracked up whole bar cracked up whole bar cracked up and I'm like, "Yeah, throw him out." And and I'm like, "Yeah, throw him out." And and I'm like, "Yeah, throw him out." And they did. YOU GUYS LIKE, "HEY, THREW HIM they did. YOU GUYS LIKE, "HEY, THREW HIM they did. YOU GUYS LIKE, "HEY, THREW HIM OUT THE DOOR. I am Caligula." The only [laughter] way I found out that The only [laughter] way I found out that The only [laughter] way I found out that we were not as wealthy as I thought was we were not as wealthy as I thought was we were not as wealthy as I thought was the first time I went over to a slightly the first time I went over to a slightly the first time I went over to a slightly richer family's house for Thanksgiving richer family's house for Thanksgiving richer family's house for Thanksgiving and we all sat on the same kind of and we all sat on the same kind of and we all sat on the same kind of chair. [laughter] I was blown away. I was like, "You've I was blown away. I was like, "You've I was blown away. I was like, "You've got 11 of this one chair type. got 11 of this one chair type. got 11 of this one chair type. Are you SECRETLY A DUKE OF SOME SORT?" Are you SECRETLY A DUKE OF SOME SORT?" Are you SECRETLY A DUKE OF SOME SORT?" Like every holiday meal at my house Like every holiday meal at my house Like every holiday meal at my house would be like, "IVAN, GO GET THE would be like, "IVAN, GO GET THE would be like, "IVAN, GO GET THE COMPUTER CHAIR FOR GRANDMA." [laughter] COMPUTER CHAIR FOR GRANDMA." [laughter] COMPUTER CHAIR FOR GRANDMA." [laughter] I'm dragging it down the hall. I wanted I'm dragging it down the hall. I wanted I'm dragging it down the hall. I wanted the computer chair. My mom's yelling out the computer chair. My mom's yelling out the computer chair. My mom's yelling out of the kitchen, "No chance. You are of the kitchen, "No chance. You are of the kitchen, "No chance. You are sharing the piano bench with your sharing the piano bench with your sharing the piano bench with your brother. And you know it. We didn't have a piano, And you know it. We didn't have a piano, And you know it. We didn't have a piano, by the way. It's just the bench. by the way. It's just the bench. by the way. It's just the bench. My uncle's at the end of the table My uncle's at the end of the table My uncle's at the end of the table sitting on a yoga ball. [laughter] Got a hole in it nobody can find. So, Got a hole in it nobody can find. So, Got a hole in it nobody can find. So, he's slowly sinking for the entire meal. he's slowly sinking for the entire meal. he's slowly sinking for the entire meal. I was like, I don't think we're as rich I was like, I don't think we're as rich I was like, I don't think we're as rich as I thought. [laughter] as I thought. [laughter] as I thought. [laughter] So, this was a problem, of course, when So, this was a problem, of course, when So, this was a problem, of course, when it came to buying a diamond ring. I it came to buying a diamond ring. I it came to buying a diamond ring. I didn't know anything about it. I knew I didn't know anything about it. I knew I didn't know anything about it. I knew I had to go to a jewelry store. I knew had to go to a jewelry store. I knew had to go to a jewelry store. I knew that I was going to interact with a that I was going to interact with a that I was going to interact with a commission salesperson at that store, commission salesperson at that store, commission salesperson at that store, which I was nervous about because I'm which I was nervous about because I'm which I was nervous about because I'm uncomfortable around commission uncomfortable around commission uncomfortable around commission salespeople. I'm very easily bamboozled salespeople. I'm very easily bamboozled salespeople. I'm very easily bamboozled by their tricks. I'm sure you can all by their tricks. I'm sure you can all by their tricks. I'm sure you can all tell this from my general vibe. tell this from my general vibe. tell this from my general vibe. Anybody watching this that works in Anybody watching this that works in Anybody watching this that works in sales, as soon as I walked up here sales, as soon as I walked up here sales, as soon as I walked up here thought to themselves, "This guy buys thought to themselves, "This guy buys thought to themselves, "This guy buys extended warranties." [laughter] I know what I look like. I don't exactly I know what I look like. I don't exactly I know what I look like. I don't exactly know the kind of energy I give off on a know the kind of energy I give off on a know the kind of energy I give off on a first impression. I do know that it first impression. I do know that it first impression. I do know that it means if I go to any type of ethnic means if I go to any type of ethnic means if I go to any type of ethnic restaurant, it is a 100% restaurant, it is a 100% restaurant, it is a 100% guarantee that I will be cautioned about guarantee that I will be cautioned about guarantee that I will be cautioned about spice. [laughter] It's not easy getting a medium with this It's not easy getting a medium with this It's not easy getting a medium with this face. [laughter] Yeah, I'm a medium. No, you won't. Not Yeah, I'm a medium. No, you won't. Not Yeah, I'm a medium. No, you won't. Not here. You won't. here. You won't. here. You won't. [laughter] You had our medium. I doubt [laughter] You had our medium. I doubt [laughter] You had our medium. I doubt it. Guy look like you got a medium it. Guy look like you got a medium it. Guy look like you got a medium yesterday. We had to call an ambulance. yesterday. We had to call an ambulance. yesterday. We had to call an ambulance. So, you can have a mild So, you can have a mild So, you can have a mild and a milk. There's a lot of things I wish I knew There's a lot of things I wish I knew There's a lot of things I wish I knew going into this jewelry store. Number going into this jewelry store. Number going into this jewelry store. Number one thing I wish I knew about buying an one thing I wish I knew about buying an one thing I wish I knew about buying an engagement ring is you don't get to take engagement ring is you don't get to take engagement ring is you don't get to take the ring home from the store that day. the ring home from the store that day. the ring home from the store that day. Whoops. Wish I knew that. They got to Whoops. Wish I knew that. They got to Whoops. Wish I knew that. They got to make it the right size. So, I just drove make it the right size. So, I just drove make it the right size. So, I just drove to the mall, maxed out my credit card, to the mall, maxed out my credit card, to the mall, maxed out my credit card, and then drove home with nothing. and then drove home with nothing. and then drove home with nothing. [laughter] Like, gee, I sure hope they [laughter] Like, gee, I sure hope they [laughter] Like, gee, I sure hope they call. call. call. They did call. I got lucky, I guess. I They did call. I got lucky, I guess. I They did call. I got lucky, I guess. I go back to pick up the ring. This is go back to pick up the ring. This is go back to pick up the ring. This is where it gets weird again. I show up. I where it gets weird again. I show up. I where it gets weird again. I show up. I was like, "Hi, my name's Ivan. You said was like, "Hi, my name's Ivan. You said was like, "Hi, my name's Ivan. You said my ring was ready." And the guy goes, my ring was ready." And the guy goes, my ring was ready." And the guy goes, "Oh, yeah. Okay." Then he goes in the "Oh, yeah. Okay." Then he goes in the "Oh, yeah. Okay." Then he goes in the back. He comes out. He's got the ring in back. He comes out. He's got the ring in back. He comes out. He's got the ring in a tiny Ziploc bag like it was evidence a tiny Ziploc bag like it was evidence a tiny Ziploc bag like it was evidence in a murder. [laughter] in a murder. [laughter] in a murder. [laughter] He tried to hand it to me like that. I He tried to hand it to me like that. I He tried to hand it to me like that. I didn't even accept it. And he goes, "Oh, didn't even accept it. And he goes, "Oh, didn't even accept it. And he goes, "Oh, do you need a box?" [laughter] do you need a box?" [laughter] do you need a box?" [laughter] Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. WHO'S PROPOSING WITHOUT THE BOX? THAT'S WHO'S PROPOSING WITHOUT THE BOX? THAT'S WHO'S PROPOSING WITHOUT THE BOX? THAT'S THE WHOLE THING. HOW SMOOTH OF A GUY DO THE WHOLE THING. HOW SMOOTH OF A GUY DO THE WHOLE THING. HOW SMOOTH OF A GUY DO YOU think I am? Then I'm going to kneel YOU think I am? Then I'm going to kneel YOU think I am? Then I'm going to kneel down and just dangle that out there down and just dangle that out there down and just dangle that out there like, "BABE, you want to STAY TOGETHER TILL WE'RE you want to STAY TOGETHER TILL WE'RE you want to STAY TOGETHER TILL WE'RE DEAD?" DEAD?" DEAD?" They wrote my name on here and pen. They wrote my name on here and pen. They wrote my name on here and pen. Could be your name. [laughter] Could be your name. [laughter] Could be your name. [laughter] So, we were we were at a a we were at a So, we were we were at a a we were at a So, we were we were at a a we were at a vegetarian restaurant. Lot lot of vegetarian restaurant. Lot lot of vegetarian restaurant. Lot lot of people. I I didn't know all all of them people. I I didn't know all all of them people. I I didn't know all all of them and I did you know we're there the group and I did you know we're there the group and I did you know we're there the group and I made the the mistake of casually and I made the the mistake of casually and I made the the mistake of casually mentioning I was not vegetarian mentioning I was not vegetarian mentioning I was not vegetarian and this one dude most people are cool and this one dude most people are cool and this one dude most people are cool you know one dude what you'll eat a steak yeah [laughter] yeah [laughter] yeah [laughter] but you don't want to Watch them murder but you don't want to Watch them murder but you don't want to Watch them murder the cow. Nailed it. [laughter] I love my brother. I don't want to watch I love my brother. I don't want to watch I love my brother. I don't want to watch my parents. my parents. my parents. You don't have to drag You don't have to drag You don't have to drag everything back everything back everything back to the point to the point to the point where it's awful. [laughter] Everything is awful Everything is awful Everything is awful eventually. eventually. eventually. So, I know a couple from back home, back So, I know a couple from back home, back So, I know a couple from back home, back east. The husband did not get east. The husband did not get east. The husband did not get vaccinated. The wife did get vaccinated. vaccinated. The wife did get vaccinated. vaccinated. The wife did get vaccinated. The husband got COVID, the wife did not The husband got COVID, the wife did not The husband got COVID, the wife did not get CO. Do you know why? get CO. Do you know why? get CO. Do you know why? >> [laughter] >> Because the husband was standing in >> Because the husband was standing in >> Because the husband was standing in front of the wife when the wind blew the front of the wife when the wind blew the front of the wife when the wind blew the co at them. [laughter] You can be wrong. You can be wrong. You can be wrong. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. When did that become illegal? When did that become illegal? When did that become illegal? You can make a mistake. You don't lose You can make a mistake. You don't lose You can make a mistake. You don't lose time off of your life. I was at a yard time off of your life. I was at a yard time off of your life. I was at a yard sale. Not to brag. sale. Not to brag. sale. Not to brag. Yeah, I'm a big shot. [laughter] I go to Yeah, I'm a big shot. [laughter] I go to Yeah, I'm a big shot. [laughter] I go to yard sales. No, we're we're at a yard yard sales. No, we're we're at a yard yard sales. No, we're we're at a yard sale. And there was this stack of old sale. And there was this stack of old sale. And there was this stack of old People magazines. People magazines that were old. People magazines that were old. People magazines that were old. Not old people magazine, not like Matlock watcher, [laughter] denture enthusiast, denture enthusiast, denture enthusiast, and my favorite, extremely legal. and my favorite, extremely legal. and my favorite, extremely legal. And there was a a People magazine from And there was a a People magazine from And there was a a People magazine from 1986, 1986, 1986, and the cover story was the most and the cover story was the most and the cover story was the most respected man in America. readers poll. respected man in America. readers poll. respected man in America. readers poll. You know who it was? You know who it was? You know who it was? >> Bill Cosby. >> Bill Cosby. >> Bill Cosby. >> Reagan came in second. [laughter] >> Reagan came in second. [laughter] >> Reagan came in second. [laughter] >> True. >> True. >> True. We made a mistake. We made a mistake. We made a mistake. We didn't know. We didn't know. We didn't know. He was the most respected man in He was the most respected man in He was the most respected man in America. America. America. And then he went to prison [laughter] And then he went to prison [laughter] And then he went to prison [laughter] and then they let him out. I think they were afraid he was going to I think they were afraid he was going to I think they were afraid he was going to commit su frazzle frizzles. commit su frazzle frizzles. commit su frazzle frizzles. I went to high school in the 1980s. I went to high school in the 1980s. I went to high school in the 1980s. Every guy in my graduating class had a Every guy in my graduating class had a Every guy in my graduating class had a mullet. mullet. mullet. Seemed like a good idea at the time. Seemed like a good idea at the time. Seemed like a good idea at the time. You look in my yearbook now, it looks You look in my yearbook now, it looks You look in my yearbook now, it looks like I went to high school with a like I went to high school with a like I went to high school with a lesbian separatist militia. [laughter] One day we'll be like that about vaping. One day we'll be like that about vaping. One day we'll be like that about vaping. Seemed like a good idea. [laughter] Seemed like a good idea. [laughter] Seemed like a good idea. [laughter] The great taste of steam and the ultimate example of we didn't and the ultimate example of we didn't and the ultimate example of we didn't know know know Michael Jackson. We didn't know. and he didn't give us any signs. and he didn't give us any signs. and he didn't give us any signs. Who would have thought that a Who would have thought that a Who would have thought that a glow-in-the-dark skeleton who dressed glow-in-the-dark skeleton who dressed glow-in-the-dark skeleton who dressed like Napoleon and lived by himself in an like Napoleon and lived by himself in an like Napoleon and lived by himself in an abandoned amusement park with other abandoned amusement park with other abandoned amusement park with other people's children and a feral chimp people's children and a feral chimp people's children and a feral chimp would have such a creepy dark side. So, I was in the airport the other day So, I was in the airport the other day So, I was in the airport the other day and I [snorts] see this really sweet and I [snorts] see this really sweet and I [snorts] see this really sweet sight. I see a woman. She's walking with sight. I see a woman. She's walking with sight. I see a woman. She's walking with her little boy and then the little boy her little boy and then the little boy her little boy and then the little boy is walking with this little dog and it is walking with this little dog and it is walking with this little dog and it was just like boop boop. It was so was just like boop boop. It was so was just like boop boop. It was so sweet. Um, and the the only thing that sweet. Um, and the the only thing that sweet. Um, and the the only thing that was interesting about it to me was that was interesting about it to me was that was interesting about it to me was that the woman was covered in tattoos, just the woman was covered in tattoos, just the woman was covered in tattoos, just completely sleeved on both arms, huge completely sleeved on both arms, huge completely sleeved on both arms, huge plate across her back. And I understand plate across her back. And I understand plate across her back. And I understand that's normal now. That's culture. that's normal now. That's culture. that's normal now. That's culture. I'm just glad it wasn't culture when I I'm just glad it wasn't culture when I I'm just glad it wasn't culture when I was that little boy. was that little boy. was that little boy. Just thinking about the tats my mom Just thinking about the tats my mom Just thinking about the tats my mom would have gotten. [laughter] Pack of merits in an astrology magazine. Pack of merits in an astrology magazine. Pack of merits in an astrology magazine. Big gothic font across your chest. CAN I Big gothic font across your chest. CAN I Big gothic font across your chest. CAN I HAVE FIVE GODDAMN MINUTES TO MYSELF, HAVE FIVE GODDAMN MINUTES TO MYSELF, HAVE FIVE GODDAMN MINUTES TO MYSELF, PLEASE? [cheering] PLEASE? [cheering] PLEASE? [cheering] [applause] And don't think I'm NOT GOING [applause] And don't think I'm NOT GOING [applause] And don't think I'm NOT GOING TO TELL YOUR father what you did when he TO TELL YOUR father what you did when he TO TELL YOUR father what you did when he gets home from work. Although, God knows gets home from work. Although, God knows gets home from work. Although, God knows when that's going to be CUZ IT'S when that's going to be CUZ IT'S when that's going to be CUZ IT'S THURSDAY NIGHT AND HE GOT HIS PAYCHECK. THURSDAY NIGHT AND HE GOT HIS PAYCHECK. THURSDAY NIGHT AND HE GOT HIS PAYCHECK. SO, he's down at the bar with his SO, he's down at the bar with his SO, he's down at the bar with his friends buying everybody rounds like we friends buying everybody rounds like we friends buying everybody rounds like we got all the money in the world. And then got all the money in the world. And then got all the money in the world. And then he's going to come home and to me they he's going to come home and to me they he's going to come home and to me they WERE BROKE. LIKE I HAVEN'T SEEN A $20 WERE BROKE. LIKE I HAVEN'T SEEN A $20 WERE BROKE. LIKE I HAVEN'T SEEN A $20 BILL SINCE JOHNSON was the president. BILL SINCE JOHNSON was the president. BILL SINCE JOHNSON was the president. I'm sorry, Mrs. Gold. We're all out OF I'm sorry, Mrs. Gold. We're all out OF I'm sorry, Mrs. Gold. We're all out OF BACK. WELL, FIND SOMEBODY ELSE. I'M BACK. WELL, FIND SOMEBODY ELSE. I'M BACK. WELL, FIND SOMEBODY ELSE. I'M STILL ANGRY. STILL ANGRY. STILL ANGRY. NOW, I don't want to be controversial, NOW, I don't want to be controversial, NOW, I don't want to be controversial, but I actually think that sports are a but I actually think that sports are a but I actually think that sports are a treacherous place for little girls, you treacherous place for little girls, you treacherous place for little girls, you know, like um I played volleyball know, like um I played volleyball know, like um I played volleyball against OJ's daughter growing up. against OJ's daughter growing up. against OJ's daughter growing up. trail. I'm still alive. [laughter] trail. I'm still alive. [laughter] trail. I'm still alive. [laughter] No, I did. I PLAYED VOLLEYBALL AGAINST No, I did. I PLAYED VOLLEYBALL AGAINST No, I did. I PLAYED VOLLEYBALL AGAINST OJ'S DAUGHTER GROWING UP after he got OJ'S DAUGHTER GROWING UP after he got OJ'S DAUGHTER GROWING UP after he got out of jail the first time [laughter] out of jail the first time [laughter] out of jail the first time [laughter] for murder. It was crazy. He came to like all the It was crazy. He came to like all the It was crazy. He came to like all the games for two years after. And I'll tell games for two years after. And I'll tell games for two years after. And I'll tell you what, it was wild being 10 years old you what, it was wild being 10 years old you what, it was wild being 10 years old and seeing him on the sidelines because and seeing him on the sidelines because and seeing him on the sidelines because sometimes after I would score, I would sometimes after I would score, I would sometimes after I would score, I would just look over at him and be like, "Wow, just look over at him and be like, "Wow, just look over at him and be like, "Wow, we're both killers. My entourage, My entourage, My entourage, my grandma and her friends. Yeah, my grandma and her friends. Yeah, my grandma and her friends. Yeah, they're in their 90s. Dude, you don't they're in their 90s. Dude, you don't they're in their 90s. Dude, you don't feel old around them. Like when I turned feel old around them. Like when I turned feel old around them. Like when I turned 40, I had a panic attack. I was like, 40, I had a panic attack. I was like, 40, I had a panic attack. I was like, "Oh my god, I can't believe it. I'm 40." "Oh my god, I can't believe it. I'm 40." "Oh my god, I can't believe it. I'm 40." Around them, they're like, "What? What? What? What? You're just a child. You're just a child. You're just a child. You're still a child." You're still a child." You're still a child." And I'm like, "Yeah, I'm still a child." And I'm like, "Yeah, I'm still a child." And I'm like, "Yeah, I'm still a child." But I feel bad for them cuz they don't But I feel bad for them cuz they don't But I feel bad for them cuz they don't have that in their life. Like when they have that in their life. Like when they have that in their life. Like when they turn 90, they don't have anybody making turn 90, they don't have anybody making turn 90, they don't have anybody making them feel better. Like they don't have a them feel better. Like they don't have a them feel better. Like they don't have a friend that's like 150 friend that's like 150 friend that's like 150 to tell them that. You know what I mean? to tell them that. You know what I mean? to tell them that. You know what I mean? When they're like, "I can't believe it. When they're like, "I can't believe it. When they're like, "I can't believe it. I am 90." I am 90." I am 90." They don't have a 150-year-old friend They don't have a 150-year-old friend They don't have a 150-year-old friend like So, this happened to me. I was driving So, this happened to me. I was driving So, this happened to me. I was driving by my middle school, and this was a by my middle school, and this was a by my middle school, and this was a memory from sixth grade where my sixth memory from sixth grade where my sixth memory from sixth grade where my sixth grade teacher, she was our Spanish grade teacher, she was our Spanish grade teacher, she was our Spanish teacher, and she would like make the teacher, and she would like make the teacher, and she would like make the white kids change their first names to white kids change their first names to white kids change their first names to Hispanic names. What was that? Hispanic names. What was that? Hispanic names. What was that? Does it help you learn? And it's like, Does it help you learn? And it's like, Does it help you learn? And it's like, okay, so I'm a Jose now. I don't okay, so I'm a Jose now. I don't okay, so I'm a Jose now. I don't understand. I'm going through puberty. I understand. I'm going through puberty. I understand. I'm going through puberty. I have enough of an identity crisis as it have enough of an identity crisis as it have enough of an identity crisis as it is. [laughter] But my best friend Jeff, is. [laughter] But my best friend Jeff, is. [laughter] But my best friend Jeff, he didn't play ball on his name tag. He he didn't play ball on his name tag. He he didn't play ball on his name tag. He wrote Mr. Goodb Bar, [laughter] wrote Mr. Goodb Bar, [laughter] wrote Mr. Goodb Bar, [laughter] like the candy bar. like the candy bar. like the candy bar. And here's the memory. My teacher sees And here's the memory. My teacher sees And here's the memory. My teacher sees it and she lost her mind. And she goes, it and she lost her mind. And she goes, it and she lost her mind. And she goes, "YOU CAN'T CALL YOURSELF MR. GOODB BAR." "YOU CAN'T CALL YOURSELF MR. GOODB BAR." "YOU CAN'T CALL YOURSELF MR. GOODB BAR." AND HE GOES, "WHY NOT?" AND SHE GOES, AND HE GOES, "WHY NOT?" AND SHE GOES, AND HE GOES, "WHY NOT?" AND SHE GOES, "CUZ MR. GOODBAR IS A PORN STAR." "CUZ MR. GOODBAR IS A PORN STAR." "CUZ MR. GOODBAR IS A PORN STAR." And I'm like, there's no way I'm And I'm like, there's no way I'm And I'm like, there's no way I'm remembering that correctly. [laughter] So, I looked it up So, I looked it up So, I looked it up and it turns out Mr. Goodbar [laughter] and it turns out Mr. Goodbar [laughter] and it turns out Mr. Goodbar [laughter] was a very famous porn star in the 80s. >> But we didn't know that cuz we were 11 >> But we didn't know that cuz we were 11 >> But we didn't know that cuz we were 11 years old. [laughter] SENORITA PRAG SENORITA PRAG SENORITA PRAG if I may one PRAG don't say too horny to teach how do you don't say too horny to teach how do you don't say too horny to teach how do you say that [laughter] say that [laughter] say that [laughter] >> last year for spring break we did >> last year for spring break we did >> last year for spring break we did Gatlinburgg Tennessee Gatlinburgg Tennessee Gatlinburgg Tennessee >> been to Gatlinburg if you never been let >> been to Gatlinburg if you never been let >> been to Gatlinburg if you never been let me tell you about it all right me tell you about it all right me tell you about it all right Gatlinburgg is an American Indian word. Gatlinburgg is an American Indian word. Gatlinburgg is an American Indian word. It means land of the couples that wear It means land of the couples that wear It means land of the couples that wear matching airbrush t-shirts. I don't know matching airbrush t-shirts. I don't know matching airbrush t-shirts. I don't know if that's accurate, [laughter] but it's if that's accurate, [laughter] but it's if that's accurate, [laughter] but it's accurate. accurate. accurate. And they always pick the same design, And they always pick the same design, And they always pick the same design, too. This is what it looks like. It's a too. This is what it looks like. It's a too. This is what it looks like. It's a silhouette of a much skinnier couple silhouette of a much skinnier couple silhouette of a much skinnier couple than the people who are wearing the than the people who are wearing the than the people who are wearing the t-shirts. And on the shirt, this couple, t-shirts. And on the shirt, this couple, t-shirts. And on the shirt, this couple, they are holding hands. They're in love, they are holding hands. They're in love, they are holding hands. They're in love, you guys. Their feet are in the sand. you guys. Their feet are in the sand. you guys. Their feet are in the sand. They're under a palm tree. There's a They're under a palm tree. There's a They're under a palm tree. There's a rainbow sunset on what is clearly the rainbow sunset on what is clearly the rainbow sunset on what is clearly the ocean in the background. Then they just ocean in the background. Then they just ocean in the background. Then they just write Gatlinburg across the top so that write Gatlinburg across the top so that write Gatlinburg across the top so that you know which of the islands in the you know which of the islands in the you know which of the islands in the Smoky Mountains that they visited, Smoky Mountains that they visited, Smoky Mountains that they visited, right? They're just [laughter] right? They're just [laughter] right? They're just [laughter] they're not smart people. they're not smart people. they're not smart people. But it's great for people watching. If But it's great for people watching. If But it's great for people watching. If you like to people watch, this is this you like to people watch, this is this you like to people watch, this is this is your spot, okay? I don't know if you is your spot, okay? I don't know if you is your spot, okay? I don't know if you enjoy it or not, but man, there's no enjoy it or not, but man, there's no enjoy it or not, but man, there's no better hobby. It's free. You know, you better hobby. It's free. You know, you better hobby. It's free. You know, you just sit there with someone you love and just sit there with someone you love and just sit there with someone you love and talk about the trash walking by for a talk about the trash walking by for a talk about the trash walking by for a couple hours, right? Gallenburgg is couple hours, right? Gallenburgg is couple hours, right? Gallenburgg is prime pickings. I mean, there's not that prime pickings. I mean, there's not that prime pickings. I mean, there's not that much white trash in a dumpster behind a much white trash in a dumpster behind a much white trash in a dumpster behind a paper plate factory. Do you know what paper plate factory. Do you know what paper plate factory. Do you know what I'm saying? Like, it's special. I'm saying? Like, it's special. I'm saying? Like, it's special. I love people watching so much. I take I love people watching so much. I take I love people watching so much. I take pictures when I do it and trade them pictures when I do it and trade them pictures when I do it and trade them with my friends like they're baseball with my friends like they're baseball with my friends like they're baseball cards. [laughter] Now, if you're into cards. [laughter] Now, if you're into cards. [laughter] Now, if you're into something like that, let me just give something like that, let me just give something like that, let me just give you a tip. Make sure that the flash and you a tip. Make sure that the flash and you a tip. Make sure that the flash and the sound on your phone are turned off, the sound on your phone are turned off, the sound on your phone are turned off, which I know sounds like a no-brainer. which I know sounds like a no-brainer. which I know sounds like a no-brainer. Guys, I've been doing this a long time. Guys, I've been doing this a long time. Guys, I've been doing this a long time. I messed up bad. I'm in line for I messed up bad. I'm in line for I messed up bad. I'm in line for security at the airport. I'm going this security at the airport. I'm going this security at the airport. I'm going this way. Coming at me, he's a gentleman. way. Coming at me, he's a gentleman. way. Coming at me, he's a gentleman. Hawaiian shirt, shaved face, but out of Hawaiian shirt, shaved face, but out of Hawaiian shirt, shaved face, but out of the top of his shirt was this the top of his shirt was this the top of his shirt was this perm. I don't know the right [laughter] perm. I don't know the right [laughter] perm. I don't know the right [laughter] a tufted. It was the brightest, whitest, bushiest It was the brightest, whitest, bushiest It was the brightest, whitest, bushiest chest hair I've ever seen in my life. chest hair I've ever seen in my life. chest hair I've ever seen in my life. And I've been to Sarasota. This was next And I've been to Sarasota. This was next And I've been to Sarasota. This was next level, dude. level, dude. level, dude. It was teased, possibly bleached. It was teased, possibly bleached. It was teased, possibly bleached. He looked like a Build-a- Bear whose He looked like a Build-a- Bear whose He looked like a Build-a- Bear whose neck had been slit to send a message to neck had been slit to send a message to neck had been slit to send a message to the other Build-A-Bears to pick it up the other Build-A-Bears to pick it up the other Build-A-Bears to pick it up cuz numbers are down, right? cuz numbers are down, right? cuz numbers are down, right? And I knew if I didn't get a picture of And I knew if I didn't get a picture of And I knew if I didn't get a picture of him, I wasn't going to be able to sleep him, I wasn't going to be able to sleep him, I wasn't going to be able to sleep that night. that night. that night. But here's the rub. I couldn't do it But here's the rub. I couldn't do it But here's the rub. I couldn't do it from this distance and this angle. No from this distance and this angle. No from this distance and this angle. No one's gonna see how awesome it is. If I one's gonna see how awesome it is. If I one's gonna see how awesome it is. If I want some likes, I got to time it so want some likes, I got to time it so want some likes, I got to time it so that when he's passing by, I can get that when he's passing by, I can get that when he's passing by, I can get that side view, you know, the profile. that side view, you know, the profile. that side view, you know, the profile. So, to do that, I have a face I make. So, to do that, I have a face I make. So, to do that, I have a face I make. It's very simple. The only the only It's very simple. The only the only It's very simple. The only the only thing I'm trying to convey with this thing I'm trying to convey with this thing I'm trying to convey with this face is what? I'm just checking Twitter, face is what? I'm just checking Twitter, face is what? I'm just checking Twitter, even though my phone's kind of pointed even though my phone's kind of pointed even though my phone's kind of pointed in your general direction. in your general direction. in your general direction. He stops right here. I hit the button. He stops right here. I hit the button. He stops right here. I hit the button. It's like flash. I was like, [laughter] It's like flash. I was like, [laughter] It's like flash. I was like, [laughter] there's a Pokemon on your shoulder, sir. there's a Pokemon on your shoulder, sir. there's a Pokemon on your shoulder, sir. Just Just Just hold on. We'll get it. [laughter] Just Just be careful. Okay. The other Just Just be careful. Okay. The other Just Just be careful. Okay. The other tip if you're going to take pictures tip if you're going to take pictures tip if you're going to take pictures while you people watch is to make sure while you people watch is to make sure while you people watch is to make sure that you have a full battery. Charge up. that you have a full battery. Charge up. that you have a full battery. Charge up. because that's what happened to me in because that's what happened to me in because that's what happened to me in Gatlinburg when I went to go people Gatlinburg when I went to go people Gatlinburg when I went to go people watching. I uh I was at my favorite spot watching. I uh I was at my favorite spot watching. I uh I was at my favorite spot to do it there, which is the to do it there, which is the to do it there, which is the oldfashioned candy kitchen. I love that oldfashioned candy kitchen. I love that oldfashioned candy kitchen. I love that place because no matter what time of day place because no matter what time of day place because no matter what time of day you show up, you're going to see the you show up, you're going to see the you show up, you're going to see the same thing. There's going to be a same thing. There's going to be a same thing. There's going to be a hillbilly pressed up against the window hillbilly pressed up against the window hillbilly pressed up against the window who can't figure out how they're making who can't figure out how they're making who can't figure out how they're making taffy on the other side of the window taffy on the other side of the window taffy on the other side of the window and it's the greatest day of their life. and it's the greatest day of their life. and it's the greatest day of their life. THEY'RE JUST LIKE, "WHAT? NUH-UH. THEY'RE JUST LIKE, "WHAT? NUH-UH. THEY'RE JUST LIKE, "WHAT? NUH-UH. HEY, come look. [laughter] HEY, come look. [laughter] HEY, come look. [laughter] Come look. Come look. Come look. It's where they make it. It's where they make it. It's where they make it. The taffy for Cracker Barrel. Yes. Right The taffy for Cracker Barrel. Yes. Right The taffy for Cracker Barrel. Yes. Right here. I don't know how they do it even though I don't know how they do it even though I don't know how they do it even though I can see the whole process. This is [laughter] I saw her standing there a [laughter] I saw her standing there a [laughter] I saw her standing there a block away. The Mickey Mantel rookie block away. The Mickey Mantel rookie block away. The Mickey Mantel rookie card of people watching. I got so card of people watching. I got so card of people watching. I got so excited. I was like, [laughter] excited. I was like, [laughter] excited. I was like, [laughter] I've heard about you. I've heard about you. I've heard about you. Oh, you are coming home with me. Easy Oh, you are coming home with me. Easy Oh, you are coming home with me. Easy girl. Easy, girl. I'm not going to hurt girl. Easy, girl. I'm not going to hurt girl. Easy, girl. I'm not going to hurt you. [laughter] Got close enough to take the picture. Got close enough to take the picture. Got close enough to take the picture. Pressed the button. Just a dead BATTERY Pressed the button. Just a dead BATTERY Pressed the button. Just a dead BATTERY SIGN. WHAT? NO. I scared her. She ran SIGN. WHAT? NO. I scared her. She ran SIGN. WHAT? NO. I scared her. She ran back into R. Please. Believe it or not. back into R. Please. Believe it or not. back into R. Please. Believe it or not. Believe it or not. Believe it or not. Believe it or not. And I just sat down on the bench right And I just sat down on the bench right And I just sat down on the bench right there in between the Pancake Pantry and there in between the Pancake Pantry and there in between the Pancake Pantry and Fanny Farles Arcade. Fanny Farles Arcade. Fanny Farles Arcade. I was so mad. You know, all this time I I was so mad. You know, all this time I I was so mad. You know, all this time I tracked her. I just let her get away. tracked her. I just let her get away. tracked her. I just let her get away. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> I wish I could pull up a picture so you >> I wish I could pull up a picture so you >> I wish I could pull up a picture so you could see how awesome she was, but I could see how awesome she was, but I could see how awesome she was, but I can't cuz I was careless. So, [laughter] can't cuz I was careless. So, [laughter] can't cuz I was careless. So, [laughter] I'll just describe her as best I can. I'll just describe her as best I can. I'll just describe her as best I can. She had early 1990s hair. Remember that She had early 1990s hair. Remember that She had early 1990s hair. Remember that look? Pull back tight in a ponytail but look? Pull back tight in a ponytail but look? Pull back tight in a ponytail but in the front. In today's news, In today's news, In today's news, that thing that thing that thing that thing defied all logic and gravity. that thing defied all logic and gravity. that thing defied all logic and gravity. And [laughter] I always wondered how And [laughter] I always wondered how And [laughter] I always wondered how that was formed, you know, cuz I I I that was formed, you know, cuz I I I that was formed, you know, cuz I I I always only ever saw the finished always only ever saw the finished always only ever saw the finished product. And then I showed up too early product. And then I showed up too early product. And then I showed up too early for homecoming one year and there she for homecoming one year and there she for homecoming one year and there she was in front of the big mirror. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. So that was that lady's hair. Okay. So that was that lady's hair. Okay. So that was that lady's hair. Okay. She's just like she was so perfect. She's just like she was so perfect. She's just like she was so perfect. She looked like someone that might She looked like someone that might She looked like someone that might frequent a Long John Silvers/ Kentucky frequent a Long John Silvers/ Kentucky frequent a Long John Silvers/ Kentucky Fried Chicken Fried Chicken Fried Chicken Twoin one fast food restaurant. You ever Twoin one fast food restaurant. You ever Twoin one fast food restaurant. You ever go to one of those places? Another great go to one of those places? Another great go to one of those places? Another great spot for people watching. I don't know spot for people watching. I don't know spot for people watching. I don't know what it is, but the average redneck what it is, but the average redneck what it is, but the average redneck brain cannot process that there are two brain cannot process that there are two brain cannot process that there are two businesses operating behind one counter businesses operating behind one counter businesses operating behind one counter and sharing the menu space above. And and sharing the menu space above. And and sharing the menu space above. And the first time they see it, it just the first time they see it, it just the first time they see it, it just catches them off guard. They're like, catches them off guard. They're like, catches them off guard. They're like, "Okay, could I get a Okay, what happened here? Am I in a food Okay, what happened here? Am I in a food Okay, what happened here? Am I in a food court? Like, what? court? Like, what? court? Like, what? I want chicken. [laughter] I want chicken. [laughter] I want chicken. [laughter] I can order from both of them. It's the I can order from both of them. It's the I can order from both of them. It's the same company." Oh, I didn't. Okay. same company." Oh, I didn't. Okay. same company." Oh, I didn't. Okay. Wow. Okay. Well, I'm getting a family Wow. Okay. Well, I'm getting a family Wow. Okay. Well, I'm getting a family meal deal. I get two sides. Could I get meal deal. I get two sides. Could I get meal deal. I get two sides. Could I get a side from this side and then a side a side from this side and then a side a side from this side and then a side from that side? I can. Okay. Well, extra from that side? I can. Okay. Well, extra from that side? I can. Okay. Well, extra biscuits. I knew that before I came in biscuits. I knew that before I came in biscuits. I knew that before I came in here. And um here. And um here. And um does Long John Silvers have hush does Long John Silvers have hush does Long John Silvers have hush puppies. Ooh, can I do that? Two breads. puppies. Ooh, can I do that? Two breads. puppies. Ooh, can I do that? Two breads. I can. Oh, yeah. Let's go there. I can. Oh, yeah. Let's go there. I can. Oh, yeah. Let's go there. And I was wondering like what what is And I was wondering like what what is And I was wondering like what what is the big thing here? You know, because I the big thing here? You know, because I the big thing here? You know, because I know that you think I'm joking just for know that you think I'm joking just for know that you think I'm joking just for the sake of doing comedy. I'm not. Okay. the sake of doing comedy. I'm not. Okay. the sake of doing comedy. I'm not. Okay. Sit by the sit by the register in one of Sit by the sit by the register in one of Sit by the sit by the register in one of these twoin-one fast food spots. 10 these twoin-one fast food spots. 10 these twoin-one fast food spots. 10 minutes tops, you'll hear a sentence minutes tops, you'll hear a sentence minutes tops, you'll hear a sentence that has never been formed in the that has never been formed in the that has never been formed in the history of words. [laughter] history of words. [laughter] history of words. [laughter] It's cuz there's too many options and It's cuz there's too many options and It's cuz there's too many options and people aren't prepared and they get up people aren't prepared and they get up people aren't prepared and they get up there and then a line forms behind them there and then a line forms behind them there and then a line forms behind them and they get nervous and they're like, and they get nervous and they're like, and they get nervous and they're like, "Oh, um, "Oh, um, "Oh, um, do green beans go with tacos? Like, I do green beans go with tacos? Like, I do green beans go with tacos? Like, I don't even know what I'm looking at." don't even know what I'm looking at." don't even know what I'm looking at." It's the best. It really is the best. If It's the best. It really is the best. If It's the best. It really is the best. If you're going to do it, and I recommend you're going to do it, and I recommend you're going to do it, and I recommend you do it, just make sure half of you do it, just make sure half of you do it, just make sure half of wherever you go is Long John Silvers, wherever you go is Long John Silvers, wherever you go is Long John Silvers, cuz that is the place that brings them cuz that is the place that brings them cuz that is the place that brings them out. Okay? [laughter] out. Okay? [laughter] out. Okay? [laughter] At any Long John Silvers, you will hear At any Long John Silvers, you will hear At any Long John Silvers, you will hear a grown man ask for extra crumbs, which a grown man ask for extra crumbs, which a grown man ask for extra crumbs, which I feel is just a new low for our I feel is just a new low for our I feel is just a new low for our society. society. society. If you don't know what I'm talking If you don't know what I'm talking If you don't know what I'm talking about, Long John Silvers is a fast food about, Long John Silvers is a fast food about, Long John Silvers is a fast food seafood restaurant. And what they do is seafood restaurant. And what they do is seafood restaurant. And what they do is they take chicken and fish and they dip they take chicken and fish and they dip they take chicken and fish and they dip it in a batter, and then they put it in it in a batter, and then they put it in it in a batter, and then they put it in the fryer. And when they flip it out of the fryer. And when they flip it out of the fryer. And when they flip it out of the fryer, little pieces of that batter the fryer, little pieces of that batter the fryer, little pieces of that batter break off. And then a pile of all those break off. And then a pile of all those break off. And then a pile of all those little pieces form. And then people go, little pieces form. And then people go, little pieces form. And then people go, "Hey, man. Could I get a scoop of the "Hey, man. Could I get a scoop of the "Hey, man. Could I get a scoop of the stuff that thing's been laying on? Can stuff that thing's been laying on? Can stuff that thing's been laying on? Can [laughter] you put some of that in my [laughter] you put some of that in my [laughter] you put some of that in my treasure chest?" And when I heard it, I was like, "Did And when I heard it, I was like, "Did And when I heard it, I was like, "Did that guy just ask for more crumbs?" She that guy just ask for more crumbs?" She that guy just ask for more crumbs?" She pushes a button on the register. Boop. pushes a button on the register. Boop. pushes a button on the register. Boop. Crumbs. 10 cents. I was like, "You got Crumbs. 10 cents. I was like, "You got Crumbs. 10 cents. I was like, "You got to be kidding me. What? How often does to be kidding me. What? How often does to be kidding me. What? How often does this happen? this happen? this happen? >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> I mean, I thought I could be witnessing >> I mean, I thought I could be witnessing >> I mean, I thought I could be witnessing the first time in the history of Long the first time in the history of Long the first time in the history of Long John Silvers where some guy's like, "I'm John Silvers where some guy's like, "I'm John Silvers where some guy's like, "I'm so embarrassed to tell you this, but I'm so embarrassed to tell you this, but I'm so embarrassed to tell you this, but I'm a little short on cash. I got a long a little short on cash. I got a long a little short on cash. I got a long drive ahead of me. I'm I'm so hungry. drive ahead of me. I'm I'm so hungry. drive ahead of me. I'm I'm so hungry. Could you just, I don't know, put some Could you just, I don't know, put some Could you just, I don't know, put some of that stuff into a cup? I could snack of that stuff into a cup? I could snack of that stuff into a cup? I could snack on it." No. No. It happens so much. It on it." No. No. It happens so much. It on it." No. No. It happens so much. It has been programmed into the register. has been programmed into the register. has been programmed into the register. Think about that. If whatever you want Think about that. If whatever you want Think about that. If whatever you want to call that stuff has its own button, to call that stuff has its own button, to call that stuff has its own button, which I'm pretty sure we'll all agree which I'm pretty sure we'll all agree which I'm pretty sure we'll all agree was not in their original business plan, was not in their original business plan, was not in their original business plan, that tells me there was a day that that tells me there was a day that that tells me there was a day that something happened at some Long John something happened at some Long John something happened at some Long John Silver somewhere. Something happened to Silver somewhere. Something happened to Silver somewhere. Something happened to bring us to where we are. And as a bring us to where we are. And as a bring us to where we are. And as a people watcher, I'm just sad I wasn't people watcher, I'm just sad I wasn't people watcher, I'm just sad I wasn't there to see it [laughter] cuz I there to see it [laughter] cuz I there to see it [laughter] cuz I pictured it in my head a thousand times, pictured it in my head a thousand times, pictured it in my head a thousand times, right? Some toothless manager just comes right? Some toothless manager just comes right? Some toothless manager just comes storming out of the back. Hey, storming out of the back. Hey, storming out of the back. Hey, somebody's going to have to start paying somebody's going to have to start paying somebody's going to have to start paying for these crunchies. All right, I can't for these crunchies. All right, I can't for these crunchies. All right, I can't be giving this stuff away. be giving this stuff away. be giving this stuff away. I mean, if everybody's going to ask for I mean, if everybody's going to ask for I mean, if everybody's going to ask for it, we got to figure something out. All it, we got to figure something out. All it, we got to figure something out. All right, I don't know how to make it. It's right, I don't know how to make it. It's right, I don't know how to make it. It's an accident. [laughter] Y'all just love free stuff. That's why Y'all just love free stuff. That's why Y'all just love free stuff. That's why we got rid of the tartar sauce pumps and we got rid of the tartar sauce pumps and we got rid of the tartar sauce pumps and switched to packets. switched to packets. switched to packets. Two per customer. Y'all were just Two per customer. Y'all were just Two per customer. Y'all were just pumping it right into your boats. Nobody pumping it right into your boats. Nobody pumping it right into your boats. Nobody needs that much tartar sauce. Nobody. needs that much tartar sauce. Nobody. needs that much tartar sauce. Nobody. I'm sick of it. He tries to slam that I'm sick of it. He tries to slam that I'm sick of it. He tries to slam that door, but it's a metal kitchen door door, but it's a metal kitchen door door, but it's a metal kitchen door right [laughter] now. You can just hear him in the back. now. You can just hear him in the back. now. You can just hear him in the back. I ain't settling down, Ricky. I'm sick I ain't settling down, Ricky. I'm sick I ain't settling down, Ricky. I'm sick of this. They don't pay me to put up of this. They don't pay me to put up of this. They don't pay me to put up with it. I'm so mad my hand shaking. I'm with it. I'm so mad my hand shaking. I'm with it. I'm so mad my hand shaking. I'm supposed to bowl tonight. Now what? supposed to bowl tonight. Now what? supposed to bowl tonight. Now what? I'm done. I said it before, but I mean I'm done. I said it before, but I mean I'm done. I said it before, but I mean it this time. I'm done. You watch. As it this time. I'm done. You watch. As it this time. I'm done. You watch. As soon as I can afford that lift kit and soon as I can afford that lift kit and soon as I can afford that lift kit and them Luke Bryan tickets, you ain't never them Luke Bryan tickets, you ain't never them Luke Bryan tickets, you ain't never going to see me again. I'm out. going to see me again. I'm out. going to see me again. I'm out. Well, of course I'm going. Florida Well, of course I'm going. Florida Well, of course I'm going. Florida Georgia lines opening. I ain't going to Georgia lines opening. I ain't going to Georgia lines opening. I ain't going to miss that show. [laughter] miss that show. [laughter] miss that show. [laughter] They're the only two dudes that even They're the only two dudes that even They're the only two dudes that even settle me down right now. settle me down right now. settle me down right now. You do that? All right. Well, then you You do that? All right. Well, then you You do that? All right. Well, then you take the Nelly part. You make me want to take the Nelly part. You make me want to take the Nelly part. You make me want to roll my window. Look, you're kind. You're very kind. All Look, you're kind. You're very kind. All Look, you're kind. You're very kind. All we just learned is that I've thought way we just learned is that I've thought way we just learned is that I've thought way too much about an incident at a Long too much about an incident at a Long too much about an incident at a Long John Silvers that probably never John Silvers that probably never John Silvers that probably never happened. happened. happened. And it's really exciting to be able to And it's really exciting to be able to And it's really exciting to be able to tell this joke where people understand tell this joke where people understand tell this joke where people understand what a garage refrigerator is. what a garage refrigerator is. what a garage refrigerator is. It's wonderful. Okay? Because I live in It's wonderful. Okay? Because I live in It's wonderful. Okay? Because I live in Los Angeles right now. And when I talk Los Angeles right now. And when I talk Los Angeles right now. And when I talk about having a garage refrigerator to a about having a garage refrigerator to a about having a garage refrigerator to a Los Angeles audience, all they hear is Los Angeles audience, all they hear is Los Angeles audience, all they hear is two refrigerators. Someone must have grown up a Someone must have grown up a Someone must have grown up a billionaire. [laughter] billionaire. [laughter] billionaire. [laughter] And I have to correct him. I'm like, And I have to correct him. I'm like, And I have to correct him. I'm like, "Oh, no. You don't understand what a "Oh, no. You don't understand what a "Oh, no. You don't understand what a garage refrigerator means." For most of garage refrigerator means." For most of garage refrigerator means." For most of the United States, the United States, the United States, a garage refrigerator simply means you a garage refrigerator simply means you a garage refrigerator simply means you finally got a new refrigerator. finally got a new refrigerator. finally got a new refrigerator. And then you said, "Don't throw the And then you said, "Don't throw the And then you said, "Don't throw the broken one away. broken one away. broken one away. That's for weird." Now, [laughter] That's for weird." Now, [laughter] That's for weird." Now, [laughter] that's for things that should get cold, that's for things that should get cold, that's for things that should get cold, but if they don't, that's still okay. but if they don't, that's still okay. but if they don't, that's still okay. That's for things we don't want around That's for things we don't want around That's for things we don't want around the everyday milk and eggs, you know? the everyday milk and eggs, you know? the everyday milk and eggs, you know? That's for more loose deer meat in a That's for more loose deer meat in a That's for more loose deer meat in a ziplock. That's what we're going to put ziplock. That's what we're going to put ziplock. That's what we're going to put out in the garage refrigerator. out in the garage refrigerator. out in the garage refrigerator. STUFF FROM YOUR NEIGHBOR THAT GOES in STUFF FROM YOUR NEIGHBOR THAT GOES in STUFF FROM YOUR NEIGHBOR THAT GOES in the garage refriger. You know what I the garage refriger. You know what I the garage refriger. You know what I mean? Your neighbor Jerry shows up. He's mean? Your neighbor Jerry shows up. He's mean? Your neighbor Jerry shows up. He's like, "You want to ask ME NOW?" HE SHOT like, "You want to ask ME NOW?" HE SHOT like, "You want to ask ME NOW?" HE SHOT HIM. LIKE, YOU WRECKED YOUR CAR, JERRY. HIM. LIKE, YOU WRECKED YOUR CAR, JERRY. HIM. LIKE, YOU WRECKED YOUR CAR, JERRY. YOU HIT THAT MEAT. I know that. That's YOU HIT THAT MEAT. I know that. That's YOU HIT THAT MEAT. I know that. That's hit meat. hit meat. hit meat. I grew up with a thick Wisconsin accent. I grew up with a thick Wisconsin accent. I grew up with a thick Wisconsin accent. But I had no clue I had a Wisconsin But I had no clue I had a Wisconsin But I had no clue I had a Wisconsin accent until Siri first came out. accent until Siri first came out. accent until Siri first came out. Remember that? I was like, "Hey there, Remember that? I was like, "Hey there, Remember that? I was like, "Hey there, Siri. How in the heck are you?" "Hey, Siri. How in the heck are you?" "Hey, Siri. How in the heck are you?" "Hey, tell your folks." I says, "Hi, listen. tell your folks." I says, "Hi, listen. tell your folks." I says, "Hi, listen. I'm looking for directions to the I'm looking for directions to the I'm looking for directions to the nearest fleet farm. Okay. I think they nearest fleet farm. Okay. I think they nearest fleet farm. Okay. I think they got one over there by the quick trip. got one over there by the quick trip. got one over there by the quick trip. And honestly, I got to fill my gas. And honestly, I got to fill my gas. And honestly, I got to fill my gas. Okay? So, why don't you get me Okay? So, why don't you get me Okay? So, why don't you get me directions to Fleet Farm, then the Quick directions to Fleet Farm, then the Quick directions to Fleet Farm, then the Quick Trip, and if there's a Culver's in Trip, and if there's a Culver's in Trip, and if there's a Culver's in between there, I won't be mad. Okay? And between there, I won't be mad. Okay? And between there, I won't be mad. Okay? And and you know, there are a lot of other and you know, there are a lot of other and you know, there are a lot of other iPhone users out there, and I want you iPhone users out there, and I want you iPhone users out there, and I want you to know that I know that. So, if you got to know that I know that. So, if you got to know that I know that. So, if you got to go ahead and get to me last, okay? to go ahead and get to me last, okay? to go ahead and get to me last, okay? Boop. Dialing 911. You are having a Boop. Dialing 911. You are having a Boop. Dialing 911. You are having a stroke. stroke. stroke. Here's a sport I can't watch. Baseball Here's a sport I can't watch. Baseball Here's a sport I can't watch. Baseball makes me want to makes me want to makes me want to die. die. die. Nothing happens and it happens slowly Nothing happens and it happens slowly Nothing happens and it happens slowly and the players don't care. They finally and the players don't care. They finally and the players don't care. They finally put a clock on it, but they need more put a clock on it, but they need more put a clock on it, but they need more clocks on it. [laughter] It's the only clocks on it. [laughter] It's the only clocks on it. [laughter] It's the only sport where the players don't charge sport where the players don't charge sport where the players don't charge onto the field. They just take their onto the field. They just take their onto the field. They just take their time. Everything is taking their time. time. Everything is taking their time. time. Everything is taking their time. They just kind of meander out, shoelaces They just kind of meander out, shoelaces They just kind of meander out, shoelaces untie, they got a big gulp, smoking a untie, they got a big gulp, smoking a untie, they got a big gulp, smoking a cigarette, cigarette, cigarette, and you're like, "All right, I guess and you're like, "All right, I guess and you're like, "All right, I guess we're going to start." And they're like, we're going to start." And they're like, we're going to start." And they're like, "Nah, we're going to play catch for "Nah, we're going to play catch for "Nah, we're going to play catch for about 5 minutes [laughter] about 5 minutes [laughter] about 5 minutes [laughter] while you guys wait. Okay, we're going while you guys wait. Okay, we're going while you guys wait. Okay, we're going to throw some grounders, play a little to throw some grounders, play a little to throw some grounders, play a little catch. Matter of fact, we're going to do catch. Matter of fact, we're going to do catch. Matter of fact, we're going to do it every time we switch sides. Catch it every time we switch sides. Catch it every time we switch sides. Catch starts again. starts again. starts again. So, you watch that and you're like, "All So, you watch that and you're like, "All So, you watch that and you're like, "All right, I guess now we're finally going right, I guess now we're finally going right, I guess now we're finally going to start." No, no, no. Now, we're going to start." No, no, no. Now, we're going to start." No, no, no. Now, we're going to watch a guy in a magic white circle to watch a guy in a magic white circle to watch a guy in a magic white circle practice swinging a bat. He's been practice swinging a bat. He's been practice swinging a bat. He's been swinging it since he was this big, but swinging it since he was this big, but swinging it since he was this big, but he's like, "How's this go again?" Like, he's like, "How's this go again?" Like, he's like, "How's this go again?" Like, "Like that through." "Like that through." "Like that through." And then finally he steps up to the And then finally he steps up to the And then finally he steps up to the plate and you're like, "All right, now plate and you're like, "All right, now plate and you're like, "All right, now we're going to go." And after 10 we're going to go." And after 10 we're going to go." And after 10 seconds, he's like, "Time out. I just seconds, he's like, "Time out. I just seconds, he's like, "Time out. I just need a couple more. I don't quite this." need a couple more. I don't quite this." need a couple more. I don't quite this." And then he finally digs in and now And then he finally digs in and now And then he finally digs in and now we're going to go. No, we're not. Now we're going to go. No, we're not. Now we're going to go. No, we're not. Now the pitcher and the catcher, they got a the pitcher and the catcher, they got a the pitcher and the catcher, they got a little game they like to play where the little game they like to play where the little game they like to play where the pitcher looks at the catcher and he pitcher looks at the catcher and he pitcher looks at the catcher and he goes, "Guess which pitch I'm going to goes, "Guess which pitch I'm going to goes, "Guess which pitch I'm going to throw." [laughter] throw." [laughter] throw." [laughter] No, that's not it. Guess again. No. No, that's not it. Guess again. No. No, that's not it. Guess again. No. Warmer. warmer. No. No. All these Warmer. warmer. No. No. All these Warmer. warmer. No. No. All these people. Who gives a [\h__\h] Keep guessing. people. Who gives a [\h__\h] Keep guessing. people. Who gives a [\h__\h] Keep guessing. Finally, he gets it right. The guy Finally, he gets it right. The guy Finally, he gets it right. The guy throws the pitch. Batter doesn't swing. throws the pitch. Batter doesn't swing. throws the pitch. Batter doesn't swing. Whole thing starts all over again. Whole thing starts all over again. Whole thing starts all over again. [\h__\h] Get rid of the catcher. Get a [\h__\h] Get rid of the catcher. Get a [\h__\h] Get rid of the catcher. Get a bucket of balls and just start whipping bucket of balls and just start whipping bucket of balls and just start whipping balls at the guy. Not next to him. What balls at the guy. Not next to him. What balls at the guy. Not next to him. What is that? Throw it at him. If you can hit is that? Throw it at him. If you can hit is that? Throw it at him. If you can hit him, he's out. That's the rule. him, he's out. That's the rule. him, he's out. That's the rule. Now he's going to swing at every pitch Now he's going to swing at every pitch Now he's going to swing at every pitch just to defend himself. just to defend himself. just to defend himself. And no more resting on each base. Oh, And no more resting on each base. Oh, And no more resting on each base. Oh, I'm safe on the bag. No, you're What are I'm safe on the bag. No, you're What are I'm safe on the bag. No, you're What are you, seven? Keep running. You keep you, seven? Keep running. You keep you, seven? Keep running. You keep running until you're tackled by a guy running until you're tackled by a guy running until you're tackled by a guy from the other team who's carrying the from the other team who's carrying the from the other team who's carrying the ball and a bat. Every player should keep ball and a bat. Every player should keep ball and a bat. Every player should keep a bat in their hand throughout the game. a bat in their hand throughout the game. a bat in their hand throughout the game. I want to see 18 guys jacked up on I want to see 18 guys jacked up on I want to see 18 guys jacked up on steroids, frothing at the mouth, steroids, frothing at the mouth, steroids, frothing at the mouth, swinging bats at each other. That I swinging bats at each other. That I swinging bats at each other. That I would watch every night. would watch every night. would watch every night. >> I uh I am I'm falling apart. And I know >> I uh I am I'm falling apart. And I know >> I uh I am I'm falling apart. And I know what it's from. It's from Little Debbie what it's from. It's from Little Debbie what it's from. It's from Little Debbie Zebra Rolls. [laughter] I've I've ruined my body by eating I've I've ruined my body by eating I've I've ruined my body by eating a mass prodduced snack cake. That's the a mass prodduced snack cake. That's the a mass prodduced snack cake. That's the decision I've made. [laughter] decision I've made. [laughter] decision I've made. [laughter] But they're amazing. They're so good. But they're amazing. They're so good. But they're amazing. They're so good. And some of you might be thinking, I And some of you might be thinking, I And some of you might be thinking, I love Little Debbie Zebra cakes. Not what love Little Debbie Zebra cakes. Not what love Little Debbie Zebra cakes. Not what I said. [laughter] I said. [laughter] I said. [laughter] You can shove the cakes up your You can shove the cakes up your You can shove the cakes up your figuratively, of course, because they're figuratively, of course, because they're figuratively, of course, because they're hexagons. hexagons. hexagons. can't shove a hexagon up your ass. And can't shove a hexagon up your ass. And can't shove a hexagon up your ass. And if you can, you're doing Kaggles wrong. In my opinion, Little Debbie Zebra In my opinion, Little Debbie Zebra In my opinion, Little Debbie Zebra cakes, it's not enough cake and it's way cakes, it's not enough cake and it's way cakes, it's not enough cake and it's way too much frosting. And the frosting is too much frosting. And the frosting is too much frosting. And the frosting is plasticky, so it gums up on the roof of plasticky, so it gums up on the roof of plasticky, so it gums up on the roof of your mouth and you have to try to scrape your mouth and you have to try to scrape your mouth and you have to try to scrape it off with the back of your tongue. it off with the back of your tongue. it off with the back of your tongue. That makes you look like an idiot cuz That makes you look like an idiot cuz That makes you look like an idiot cuz that's how they made animals talk in the that's how they made animals talk in the that's how they made animals talk in the movies. [laughter] movies. [laughter] movies. [laughter] Where's your mom? WE'LL [laughter] FIND HER. But what little Debbie has done is she's But what little Debbie has done is she's But what little Debbie has done is she's taken this cake, which is a great idea taken this cake, which is a great idea taken this cake, which is a great idea in theory, and she's turned it into a in theory, and she's turned it into a in theory, and she's turned it into a roll. She's streamlined it to the roll. She's streamlined it to the roll. She's streamlined it to the perfect ratio of both cake and frosting. perfect ratio of both cake and frosting. perfect ratio of both cake and frosting. I'm going to tell you something. I don't I'm going to tell you something. I don't I'm going to tell you something. I don't know if Little Debbiey's a real person know if Little Debbiey's a real person know if Little Debbiey's a real person or not, but if she is, she's a or not, but if she is, she's a or not, but if she is, she's a It's a tough word to say when you're at It's a tough word to say when you're at It's a tough word to say when you're at half capacity already. [laughter] >> Cuz I know I'm going to lose people when >> Cuz I know I'm going to lose people when >> Cuz I know I'm going to lose people when I say that word. I say that word. I say that word. And by people, I mean white ladies, and And by people, I mean white ladies, and And by people, I mean white ladies, and that's fine. And also men sitting next that's fine. And also men sitting next that's fine. And also men sitting next to white ladies [laughter] that now have to white ladies [laughter] that now have to white ladies [laughter] that now have a don't you dare laugh pinch mark on a don't you dare laugh pinch mark on a don't you dare laugh pinch mark on their inner thigh. Right. It's like, I'm their inner thigh. Right. It's like, I'm their inner thigh. Right. It's like, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I know you told me sorry. I'm sorry. I know you told me sorry. I'm sorry. I know you told me before we left. [laughter] Have you ever had Little Debbie Zebra Have you ever had Little Debbie Zebra Have you ever had Little Debbie Zebra rolls? [laughter] You haven't? Well, rolls? [laughter] You haven't? Well, rolls? [laughter] You haven't? Well, welcome to tomorrow. You're diabetic. welcome to tomorrow. You're diabetic. welcome to tomorrow. You're diabetic. Yeah, me too. My foot hurts. I would rather hop on one foot for the I would rather hop on one foot for the I would rather hop on one foot for the rest of my life than give up little rest of my life than give up little rest of my life than give up little Debbie Z. They're even PERFECT FOR THE PANDEMIC They're even PERFECT FOR THE PANDEMIC They're even PERFECT FOR THE PANDEMIC cuz you don't have to really grab them cuz you don't have to really grab them cuz you don't have to really grab them that much. You have to get it to your that much. You have to get it to your that much. You have to get it to your mouth and as soon as you do, you can mouth and as soon as you do, you can mouth and as soon as you do, you can just flat palm that and shove it in like just flat palm that and shove it in like just flat palm that and shove it in like a wood chipper. [laughter] a wood chipper. [laughter] a wood chipper. [laughter] You don't even have to chew it IF YOU You don't even have to chew it IF YOU You don't even have to chew it IF YOU DON'T WANT. IT'S the same shape as your DON'T WANT. IT'S the same shape as your DON'T WANT. IT'S the same shape as your throat. throat. throat. YOU CAN JUST SHOVE IT IN. AND IF ONE YOU CAN JUST SHOVE IT IN. AND IF ONE YOU CAN JUST SHOVE IT IN. AND IF ONE GETS STUCK, UNWRAP ANOTHER ONE, KNOCK IT GETS STUCK, UNWRAP ANOTHER ONE, KNOCK IT GETS STUCK, UNWRAP ANOTHER ONE, KNOCK IT LOOSE. [laughter] LOOSE. [laughter] LOOSE. [laughter] It's like you're putting batteries in a It's like you're putting batteries in a It's like you're putting batteries in a flashlight. flashlight. flashlight. It's incredible. [laughter] >> It is weird that products are designed >> It is weird that products are designed >> It is weird that products are designed now to like make us feel certain ways now to like make us feel certain ways now to like make us feel certain ways morally. And it's funny cuz like no one morally. And it's funny cuz like no one morally. And it's funny cuz like no one knows this, dude. The first company to knows this, dude. The first company to knows this, dude. The first company to do this was Stoers. do this was Stoers. do this was Stoers. They did this years ago. I think I was They did this years ago. I think I was They did this years ago. I think I was the only one who noticed. Stoers had the only one who noticed. Stoers had the only one who noticed. Stoers had this thing that said, "Let's fix this thing that said, "Let's fix this thing that said, "Let's fix dinner." That was their whole campaign. dinner." That was their whole campaign. dinner." That was their whole campaign. They didn't do anything. They just put a They didn't do anything. They just put a They didn't do anything. They just put a fact on all their boxes of food. The fact on all their boxes of food. The fact on all their boxes of food. The fact was families who eat together more fact was families who eat together more fact was families who eat together more than five nights a week are 50% less than five nights a week are 50% less than five nights a week are 50% less likely to have children who abuse drugs likely to have children who abuse drugs likely to have children who abuse drugs and alcohol. and alcohol. and alcohol. That was it. You would just go, "Yeah, That was it. You would just go, "Yeah, That was it. You would just go, "Yeah, okay. Sure." okay. Sure." okay. Sure." It's got nothing to do with stoers. Like if your mom's at home microwaving Like if your mom's at home microwaving Like if your mom's at home microwaving your dinner five nights a week, there's your dinner five nights a week, there's your dinner five nights a week, there's a good chance that she does drugs and a good chance that she does drugs and a good chance that she does drugs and alcohol. Dude, alcohol. Dude, alcohol. Dude, >> I'll take it take it somewhere a little >> I'll take it take it somewhere a little >> I'll take it take it somewhere a little bit lighter right now. Any any cat bit lighter right now. Any any cat bit lighter right now. Any any cat owners in the room? Do we have any cat owners in the room? Do we have any cat owners in the room? Do we have any cat owners? Yeah, give it up for cat. Here's owners? Yeah, give it up for cat. Here's owners? Yeah, give it up for cat. Here's the thing. I I recently became a cat the thing. I I recently became a cat the thing. I I recently became a cat dad, guys. I am I am a proud cat dad. dad, guys. I am I am a proud cat dad. dad, guys. I am I am a proud cat dad. And like I never liked cats. My whole And like I never liked cats. My whole And like I never liked cats. My whole life I never liked cats. I was always a life I never liked cats. I was always a life I never liked cats. I was always a dog person. Grew up with pet dogs. dog person. Grew up with pet dogs. dog person. Grew up with pet dogs. Thought I'd always be a dog person, but Thought I'd always be a dog person, but Thought I'd always be a dog person, but a stray cat showed up in my backyard one a stray cat showed up in my backyard one a stray cat showed up in my backyard one day and I was like, "Whatever, fine. day and I was like, "Whatever, fine. day and I was like, "Whatever, fine. I'll take care of you." I'll take care of you." I'll take care of you." And I love the cat so much. I mean, she And I love the cat so much. I mean, she And I love the cat so much. I mean, she has taught me so much about the world. has taught me so much about the world. has taught me so much about the world. But if I was to say the main lesson my But if I was to say the main lesson my But if I was to say the main lesson my cat has taught me, it's just how good it cat has taught me, it's just how good it cat has taught me, it's just how good it is to be hot [laughter] is to be hot [laughter] is to be hot [laughter] because she's like a really cute cat. because she's like a really cute cat. because she's like a really cute cat. When I saw her in my backyard, I was When I saw her in my backyard, I was When I saw her in my backyard, I was like, like, like, you know what? I'm going to start giving you know what? I'm going to start giving you know what? I'm going to start giving her free stuff. I'm going to start, her free stuff. I'm going to start, her free stuff. I'm going to start, who knows, maybe if I give her enough who knows, maybe if I give her enough who knows, maybe if I give her enough free stuff, she might even let me start free stuff, she might even let me start free stuff, she might even let me start touching her. I don't know. [laughter] Meanwhile, there's all these possums and Meanwhile, there's all these possums and Meanwhile, there's all these possums and raccoons in my backyard. And I'm on the raccoons in my backyard. And I'm on the raccoons in my backyard. And I'm on the phone with animal control like, "Hey, phone with animal control like, "Hey, phone with animal control like, "Hey, can you guys come kill these ugly can you guys come kill these ugly can you guys come kill these ugly animals in my backyard?" animals in my backyard?" animals in my backyard?" They're trying to get into the free They're trying to get into the free They're trying to get into the free stuff I'm giving my cat for doing stuff I'm giving my cat for doing stuff I'm giving my cat for doing literally nothing different other than literally nothing different other than literally nothing different other than being more attractive than them. being more attractive than them. being more attractive than them. I don't want them dead. So, we had guinea pigs growing up and we So, we had guinea pigs growing up and we So, we had guinea pigs growing up and we kept them in our garage and in the hot kept them in our garage and in the hot kept them in our garage and in the hot Ohio summers, they absolutely died in Ohio summers, they absolutely died in Ohio summers, they absolutely died in there. And my sister reminded me, we named one And my sister reminded me, we named one And my sister reminded me, we named one of the pigs Brownie, which in retrospect of the pigs Brownie, which in retrospect of the pigs Brownie, which in retrospect is extra sad. She was out there straight is extra sad. She was out there straight is extra sad. She was out there straight baking at 375. And my mom felt awful. Okay. So, she let And my mom felt awful. Okay. So, she let And my mom felt awful. Okay. So, she let us give him a proper burial in the us give him a proper burial in the us give him a proper burial in the backyard. And me and my sisters took backyard. And me and my sisters took backyard. And me and my sisters took those hard-bodied pigs, [laughter] those hard-bodied pigs, [laughter] those hard-bodied pigs, [laughter] not like ripped, but like rigamort is not like ripped, but like rigamort is not like ripped, but like rigamort is hard. And hard. And hard. And when we buried him in the easiest place when we buried him in the easiest place when we buried him in the easiest place to dig, we put them right in the to dig, we put them right in the to dig, we put them right in the sandbox. And then a couple of neighborhood dogs And then a couple of neighborhood dogs And then a couple of neighborhood dogs came along, [snorts] snarfed them right came along, [snorts] snarfed them right came along, [snorts] snarfed them right up. up. up. It was a tragedy It was a tragedy It was a tragedy all around. And I really feel like it all around. And I really feel like it all around. And I really feel like it could have been avoided if we just had a could have been avoided if we just had a could have been avoided if we just had a dad. I don't know what dads do, I don't know what dads do, I don't know what dads do, but I assume it's regulate the garage but I assume it's regulate the garage but I assume it's regulate the garage temp. They're always in there tinkering They're always in there tinkering They're always in there tinkering around, around, around, planning their escape. Now, my dad didn't escape as much as he Now, my dad didn't escape as much as he Now, my dad didn't escape as much as he was asked to leave. was asked to leave. was asked to leave. escorted off the premises. Some of you know this about my my dad. Some of you know this about my my dad. Some of you know this about my my dad. When I was little, he moved down to When I was little, he moved down to When I was little, he moved down to Orlando, Florida to become an actor, Orlando, Florida to become an actor, Orlando, Florida to become an actor, which is not where you go. He did land a few gigs. Uh he he was an He did land a few gigs. Uh he he was an He did land a few gigs. Uh he he was an extra in the television series of Swamp extra in the television series of Swamp extra in the television series of Swamp Thing. Uh he was a truck driver in that Thing. Uh he was a truck driver in that Thing. Uh he was a truck driver in that and and and that's it. Um and they took things into his own hands, and they took things into his own hands, and they took things into his own hands, started his own business and now he's in started his own business and now he's in started his own business and now he's in the sign spinning biz. He calls it live the sign spinning biz. He calls it live the sign spinning biz. He calls it live roadside commercials or or character roadside commercials or or character roadside commercials or or character directionals. He likes to devise a directionals. He likes to devise a directionals. He likes to devise a character and then present it to the character and then present it to the character and then present it to the cars. Um, he's a leprechaun in front of this Irish he's a leprechaun in front of this Irish he's a leprechaun in front of this Irish pub called the Carryman, for example, pub called the Carryman, for example, pub called the Carryman, for example, and the rest of his characters are and the rest of his characters are and the rest of his characters are available on his website. So, we grew up, you know, around a lot So, we grew up, you know, around a lot So, we grew up, you know, around a lot of costumes like thrifting and going to of costumes like thrifting and going to of costumes like thrifting and going to Ray Circus of Value and stuff. For Ray Circus of Value and stuff. For Ray Circus of Value and stuff. For example, like he loves a morph suit. You example, like he loves a morph suit. You example, like he loves a morph suit. You know what those are? It's like what know what those are? It's like what know what those are? It's like what Olympic speed skaters wear, but there's Olympic speed skaters wear, but there's Olympic speed skaters wear, but there's like no hole cut for your face. like no hole cut for your face. like no hole cut for your face. So, you're just like an in single Lycra So, you're just like an in single Lycra So, you're just like an in single Lycra suit, just one color, head to toe, no suit, just one color, head to toe, no suit, just one color, head to toe, no skin showing. He wears an orange one in skin showing. He wears an orange one in skin showing. He wears an orange one in front of the orange Julius. front of the orange Julius. front of the orange Julius. It doesn't rain that often in Orlando. It doesn't rain that often in Orlando. It doesn't rain that often in Orlando. And he called me one time after a shift. And he called me one time after a shift. And he called me one time after a shift. He said there was a sudden downpour and He said there was a sudden downpour and He said there was a sudden downpour and I almost waterboarded myself. I was I almost waterboarded myself. I was I almost waterboarded myself. I was like, like, like, I couldn't breathe. It was stuck to my I couldn't breathe. It was stuck to my I couldn't breathe. It was stuck to my face. My fingers are covered. The face. My fingers are covered. The face. My fingers are covered. The zipper's on the back of my head. I zipper's on the back of my head. I zipper's on the back of my head. I nearly died. nearly died. nearly died. I was like, I had to get into the car. I I was like, I had to get into the car. I I was like, I had to get into the car. I was so embarrassed. was so embarrassed. was so embarrassed. I was like, it's only embarrassing when I was like, it's only embarrassing when I was like, it's only embarrassing when it's wet or um Yes. My name is Ismo and I am from um Yes. My name is Ismo and I am from um Yes. My name is Ismo and I am from Finland. Woohoo. Yay. [cheering] Woohoo. Finland. Woohoo. Yay. [cheering] Woohoo. Finland. Woohoo. Yay. [cheering] Woohoo. Uh I I grew up speaking Finnish. It's Uh I I grew up speaking Finnish. It's Uh I I grew up speaking Finnish. It's very very common in Finland. And uh I did learn English back then. I And uh I did learn English back then. I And uh I did learn English back then. I learned English. They teach English learned English. They teach English learned English. They teach English there. But when I moved here, I learned there. But when I moved here, I learned there. But when I moved here, I learned that it's not the same English that you that it's not the same English that you that it's not the same English that you have. [laughter] The English here, it's have. [laughter] The English here, it's have. [laughter] The English here, it's different. I think the biggest different. I think the biggest different. I think the biggest difference is there's so many of these difference is there's so many of these difference is there's so many of these things here in America. This um when you things here in America. This um when you things here in America. This um when you shorten a thing, when you shorten a shorten a thing, when you shorten a shorten a thing, when you shorten a thing down to just a few letters, I thing down to just a few letters, I thing down to just a few letters, I think it's called acronym. think it's called acronym. think it's called acronym. Like there's so many of those like FBI, Like there's so many of those like FBI, Like there's so many of those like FBI, YMCA, KFC, KFC, KFC, like like like so many of those. And I I I've noticed so many of those. And I I I've noticed so many of those. And I I I've noticed that people here seem to assume that that people here seem to assume that that people here seem to assume that every single person knows the meaning of every single person knows the meaning of every single person knows the meaning of every single one of these acronyms. Even every single one of these acronyms. Even every single one of these acronyms. Even people who moved here like 4 hours ago, people who moved here like 4 hours ago, people who moved here like 4 hours ago, from day one I moved here, people just from day one I moved here, people just from day one I moved here, people just say to me things like, "Yeah, I'm I'm say to me things like, "Yeah, I'm I'm say to me things like, "Yeah, I'm I'm going through TSA at JFK. going through TSA at JFK. going through TSA at JFK. You want a PBJ? You want a PBJ? You want a PBJ? I have a PhD and I take CBD for my ADD." I have a PhD and I take CBD for my ADD." I have a PhD and I take CBD for my ADD." And uh And uh And uh and I'm like, "What the hell are you and I'm like, "What the hell are you and I'm like, "What the hell are you saying? What is [laughter] saying? What is [laughter] saying? What is [laughter] is this English? I I thought I know this is this English? I I thought I know this is this English? I I thought I know this language language language cuz they teach English in school in in cuz they teach English in school in in cuz they teach English in school in in Finland but but they mostly teach words. Remember those. [laughter] Remember those. [laughter] Remember those. [laughter] I know so many words but not these I know so many words but not these I know so many words but not these actually things actually things actually things cuz even official papers here assume cuz even official papers here assume cuz even official papers here assume that you know these things. I move here. that you know these things. I move here. that you know these things. I move here. I had to fill out a form. First line on I had to fill out a form. First line on I had to fill out a form. First line on that form, D O B. [laughter] No explanation. Just D O B. Empty space. Just D O B. Empty space. Just D O B. Empty space. Now I know it's date of birth, but back Now I know it's date of birth, but back Now I know it's date of birth, but back then I was like, this could be anything. then I was like, this could be anything. then I was like, this could be anything. Dead on the beach. No. No. No. >> [laughter] >> Then I did my my first uh first show at >> Then I did my my first uh first show at >> Then I did my my first uh first show at a comedy club in America and the club a comedy club in America and the club a comedy club in America and the club said that hey you have to fill out a W9. said that hey you have to fill out a W9. said that hey you have to fill out a W9. [laughter] And I was like what the is [laughter] And I was like what the is [laughter] And I was like what the is that? that? that? And he said it's a form for the IRS. And he said it's a form for the IRS. And he said it's a form for the IRS. Well what is that? And then he said, "You shouldn't say And then he said, "You shouldn't say And then he said, "You shouldn't say that. Don't say that. You should that. Don't say that. You should that. Don't say that. You should >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> um you should you should say WTF." And and I was like, "What is that?" And and I was like, "What is that?" And and I was like, "What is that?" Because back home in Finland, we just Because back home in Finland, we just Because back home in Finland, we just don't use these acronyms that much. Like don't use these acronyms that much. Like don't use these acronyms that much. Like now, we have a little bit more. But when now, we have a little bit more. But when now, we have a little bit more. But when I was growing up there, we had two. I was growing up there, we had two. I was growing up there, we had two. We had only two. UFO, HIV. We had only two. UFO, HIV. We had only two. UFO, HIV. Only two. Only two. Only two. And I don't think we even realized that And I don't think we even realized that And I don't think we even realized that they were shortened from something like they were shortened from something like they were shortened from something like we we didn't pronounce them like UFO. We we we didn't pronounce them like UFO. We we we didn't pronounce them like UFO. We we we just said UFO. [laughter] we we just said UFO. [laughter] we we just said UFO. [laughter] And we still say it like that. We still And we still say it like that. We still And we still say it like that. We still It's faster. It's faster. It's faster. >> [laughter] >> But here it's everywhere and people >> But here it's everywhere and people >> But here it's everywhere and people assume that. Turns out even in in Canada assume that. Turns out even in in Canada assume that. Turns out even in in Canada I went to Vancouver, Canada. First time I went to Vancouver, Canada. First time I went to Vancouver, Canada. First time ever. Immediately when I arrived there, ever. Immediately when I arrived there, ever. Immediately when I arrived there, people asked me that, "Hey, have you people asked me that, "Hey, have you people asked me that, "Hey, have you ever before done a show in BC?" ever before done a show in BC?" ever before done a show in BC?" And I was like, "You mean more than And I was like, "You mean more than And I was like, "You mean more than 2,000 years ago?" [laughter] Um, Um, Um, I don't think so. No. Uh, I I was so I don't think so. No. Uh, I I was so I don't think so. No. Uh, I I was so young. [laughter] young. [laughter] young. [laughter] Where do you find the low-income whites Where do you find the low-income whites Where do you find the low-income whites of this great country of ours? Two of this great country of ours? Two of this great country of ours? Two words, Waffle House. words, Waffle House. words, Waffle House. Waffle House seems to be a headquarters Waffle House seems to be a headquarters Waffle House seems to be a headquarters for the low-income whites. Or if you're for the low-income whites. Or if you're for the low-income whites. Or if you're in the middle of the country, it's in the middle of the country, it's in the middle of the country, it's called a Cracker Barrel. called a Cracker Barrel. called a Cracker Barrel. Cracker barrels are just upscale waffle Cracker barrels are just upscale waffle Cracker barrels are just upscale waffle houses. We're in Nashville. We're in Nashville. We're in Nashville. You have waffle houses and Cracker You have waffle houses and Cracker You have waffle houses and Cracker Barrels. Can you say sweet spot? What's your mindset when you go to a What's your mindset when you go to a What's your mindset when you go to a Cracker Barrel? I want the unhealthiest Cracker Barrel? I want the unhealthiest Cracker Barrel? I want the unhealthiest food sold in public, food sold in public, food sold in public, but I still want to impulse buy a but I still want to impulse buy a but I still want to impulse buy a rocking chair. rocking chair. rocking chair. Where can I do it? Does such a place Where can I do it? Does such a place Where can I do it? Does such a place exist? It does. It's called the Cracker exist? It does. It's called the Cracker exist? It does. It's called the Cracker Barrel. Barrel. Barrel. Cracker barrels are closing. Sorry, Cracker barrels are closing. Sorry, Cracker barrels are closing. Sorry, whites. Sorry, whites. Cracker barrels whites. Sorry, whites. Cracker barrels whites. Sorry, whites. Cracker barrels are closing. Sorry, whites. I'm sorry, are closing. Sorry, whites. I'm sorry, are closing. Sorry, whites. I'm sorry, whites. But so are Red Lobsters. Sorry, blacks. But so are Red Lobsters. Sorry, blacks. But so are Red Lobsters. Sorry, blacks. Sorry, blacks. I'm sorry, blacks. That joke works better if there's more That joke works better if there's more That joke works better if there's more blacks in the room. Maybe someday. Right, Nashville? We don't have waffle houses in the north We don't have waffle houses in the north We don't have waffle houses in the north where I live. I live in New York City. where I live. I live in New York City. where I live. I live in New York City. We have Starbucks. We have Starbucks. We have Starbucks. And I don't like Starbucks. I don't like And I don't like Starbucks. I don't like And I don't like Starbucks. I don't like the pretentious energy in Starbucks. You the pretentious energy in Starbucks. You the pretentious energy in Starbucks. You walk in, everybody's on their laptop, I walk in, everybody's on their laptop, I walk in, everybody's on their laptop, I guess, writing their screenplay. guess, writing their screenplay. guess, writing their screenplay. You know what I think they're doing? I You know what I think they're doing? I You know what I think they're doing? I think they're laundering money. think they're laundering money. think they're laundering money. something borderline illegal. something borderline illegal. something borderline illegal. So, I walk past the pretentious people So, I walk past the pretentious people So, I walk past the pretentious people and I wait in line for the bathroom and I wait in line for the bathroom and I wait in line for the bathroom because I'm in my 50s. And that's what because I'm in my 50s. And that's what because I'm in my 50s. And that's what you do when you're in your 50s. You use you do when you're in your 50s. You use you do when you're in your 50s. You use the bathroom every place that you go. the bathroom every place that you go. the bathroom every place that you go. That's less of a joke, more of a medical That's less of a joke, more of a medical That's less of a joke, more of a medical fact. I don't know how it is here, but the I don't know how it is here, but the I don't know how it is here, but the Starbucks in New York, someone's always Starbucks in New York, someone's always Starbucks in New York, someone's always in the bathroom for a long time. in the bathroom for a long time. in the bathroom for a long time. [laughter] It's one guy. He's really in [laughter] It's one guy. He's really in [laughter] It's one guy. He's really in there. there. there. I don't know what he's doing in there, I don't know what he's doing in there, I don't know what he's doing in there, but he's in there real good. I can tell but he's in there real good. I can tell but he's in there real good. I can tell you that. He's living his best life. I you that. He's living his best life. I you that. He's living his best life. I don't know if he's finishing college or don't know if he's finishing college or don't know if he's finishing college or starting a podcast, but he's in there. starting a podcast, but he's in there. starting a podcast, but he's in there. He's in there real good. He's in there real good. He's in there real good. And just when I think he's coming out, And just when I think he's coming out, And just when I think he's coming out, water starts coming from underneath the water starts coming from underneath the water starts coming from underneath the door, indicating that he's not coming door, indicating that he's not coming door, indicating that he's not coming out anytime soon. Last time I was at Starbucks, I was Last time I was at Starbucks, I was Last time I was at Starbucks, I was waiting in line for the bathroom. The waiting in line for the bathroom. The waiting in line for the bathroom. The man in front of me had a dog that was man in front of me had a dog that was man in front of me had a dog that was wearing a sweater. I hate it. wearing a sweater. I hate it. wearing a sweater. I hate it. It's so condescending. It's so condescending. It's so condescending. The dog looked like he went to a better The dog looked like he went to a better The dog looked like he went to a better college than I did. college than I did. college than I did. It looks like he could bite somebody and It looks like he could bite somebody and It looks like he could bite somebody and he's already dressed for court. The line's taking too long. I exit the The line's taking too long. I exit the The line's taking too long. I exit the line and I'm now I'm waiting in the line line and I'm now I'm waiting in the line line and I'm now I'm waiting in the line for coffee, which is also very long, but for coffee, which is also very long, but for coffee, which is also very long, but it's moving. And I eventually get to the it's moving. And I eventually get to the it's moving. And I eventually get to the front and the girl with the purple hair front and the girl with the purple hair front and the girl with the purple hair goes to take my order and I go, "Medium goes to take my order and I go, "Medium goes to take my order and I go, "Medium black coffee, nothing in it." She goes, black coffee, nothing in it." She goes, black coffee, nothing in it." She goes, "Don't you mean grande?" "Don't you mean grande?" "Don't you mean grande?" I said, "Miss, I don't think it's the I said, "Miss, I don't think it's the I said, "Miss, I don't think it's the right time to be teaching me Italian. right time to be teaching me Italian. right time to be teaching me Italian. There's a man swimming in your There's a man swimming in your There's a man swimming in your bathroom." [laughter] None of this is the case at the Waffle None of this is the case at the Waffle None of this is the case at the Waffle House. House. House. I went to my first Waffle House last I went to my first Waffle House last I went to my first Waffle House last year on the road in Mississippi. year on the road in Mississippi. year on the road in Mississippi. First of all, I love the name Waffle First of all, I love the name Waffle First of all, I love the name Waffle House. House is in the name. It's very House. House is in the name. It's very House. House is in the name. It's very welcoming. welcoming. welcoming. And it's ironic cuz everyone in the And it's ironic cuz everyone in the And it's ironic cuz everyone in the Waffle House looks like they live in Waffle House looks like they live in Waffle House looks like they live in their car. their car. their car. I'm talking Waffle House now. I'm talking Waffle House now. I'm talking Waffle House now. I live in New York City. First Waffle I live in New York City. First Waffle I live in New York City. First Waffle House, Mississippi. I walk in, I'm House, Mississippi. I walk in, I'm House, Mississippi. I walk in, I'm wearing a shirt with sleeves, so I was wearing a shirt with sleeves, so I was wearing a shirt with sleeves, so I was overdressed. I go to the bathroom. There's no code on I go to the bathroom. There's no code on I go to the bathroom. There's no code on the door of the bathroom at the Waffle the door of the bathroom at the Waffle the door of the bathroom at the Waffle House like at Starbucks. House like at Starbucks. House like at Starbucks. There's no door on the bathroom of the There's no door on the bathroom of the There's no door on the bathroom of the Waffle House. Come and go as you please. Waffle House. Come and go as you please. Waffle House. Come and go as you please. Little thing called freedom you might Little thing called freedom you might Little thing called freedom you might have read about in your history books. have read about in your history books. have read about in your history books. I finish my business and I'm walking I finish my business and I'm walking I finish my business and I'm walking back to my table and it's Mississippi. back to my table and it's Mississippi. back to my table and it's Mississippi. I'm looking at the back of people's I'm looking at the back of people's I'm looking at the back of people's heads and it's mullet mullet head heads and it's mullet mullet head heads and it's mullet mullet head injury. Mullet. Mullet head injury. injury. Mullet. Mullet head injury. injury. Mullet. Mullet head injury. Mullet. Mullet head injury. Mullet. Mullet. Mullet head injury. Mullet. Mullet. Mullet head injury. Mullet. Mullet. Mullet. Mullet. I get back to my table and that waitress I get back to my table and that waitress I get back to my table and that waitress is a talker. OMG. is a talker. OMG. is a talker. OMG. I knew everything about her in a couple I knew everything about her in a couple I knew everything about her in a couple of minutes. of minutes. of minutes. Mother of five. All cecareian. Mother of five. All cecareian. Mother of five. All cecareian. I know that because she showed me the I know that because she showed me the I know that because she showed me the scar as I was eating. Things move scar as I was eating. Things move scar as I was eating. Things move quickly at the Waffle House, guys. One quickly at the Waffle House, guys. One quickly at the Waffle House, guys. One minute you're discussing menu options, minute you're discussing menu options, minute you're discussing menu options, the next minute you're running your the next minute you're running your the next minute you're running your finger along a cescareian scar of a finger along a cescareian scar of a finger along a cescareian scar of a woman you just met. Three of the five woman you just met. Three of the five woman you just met. Three of the five kids she had during the lunch rush at kids she had during the lunch rush at kids she had during the lunch rush at that Waffle House. The other two she had that Waffle House. The other two she had that Waffle House. The other two she had in a bathtub full of moonshine. in a bathtub full of moonshine. in a bathtub full of moonshine. Mississippi baptism. She's telling me about her life. Turns She's telling me about her life. Turns She's telling me about her life. Turns out she had just gone through a painful out she had just gone through a painful out she had just gone through a painful divorce. She was married to her cousin. divorce. She was married to her cousin. divorce. She was married to her cousin. Get off your high horse, Nashville. It's Get off your high horse, Nashville. It's Get off your high horse, Nashville. It's Mississippi. People marry their cousins. Mississippi. People marry their cousins. Mississippi. People marry their cousins. And I have empathy for that because if And I have empathy for that because if And I have empathy for that because if you're dating your cousin, you kind of you're dating your cousin, you kind of you're dating your cousin, you kind of have to marry have to marry have to marry your cousin cuz how do you break up with your cousin cuz how do you break up with your cousin cuz how do you break up with your cousin? What do you even say? Look, your cousin? What do you even say? Look, your cousin? What do you even say? Look, I just want to be family. >> [laughter] >> She starts to tear up talking about her >> She starts to tear up talking about her >> She starts to tear up talking about her divorce and I'm compassionate. So I divorce and I'm compassionate. So I divorce and I'm compassionate. So I reach up, I touch her face, I wipe away reach up, I touch her face, I wipe away reach up, I touch her face, I wipe away her tear and I remember I said to her, I her tear and I remember I said to her, I her tear and I remember I said to her, I said, "Scalene," it was her name, Scalene, named after it was her name, Scalene, named after it was her name, Scalene, named after the white trash of all the triangles. I said, "Scayen, you did the right thing I said, "Scayen, you did the right thing I said, "Scayen, you did the right thing by getting them youngans, youngans as by getting them youngans, youngans as by getting them youngans, youngans as kids, out of that toxic relationship, kids, out of that toxic relationship, kids, out of that toxic relationship, and out of my peripheral," which is a and out of my peripheral," which is a and out of my peripheral," which is a word they don't understand in word they don't understand in word they don't understand in Mississippi. Mississippi. Mississippi. I see a man choking. He's a big redneck, I see a man choking. He's a big redneck, I see a man choking. He's a big redneck, no disrespect. no disrespect. no disrespect. And out of instinct, I yell, "Is there a And out of instinct, I yell, "Is there a And out of instinct, I yell, "Is there a doctor here?" Not realizing that I'm at doctor here?" Not realizing that I'm at doctor here?" Not realizing that I'm at a Waffle House. Probably not. probably a Waffle House. Probably not. probably a Waffle House. Probably not. probably not a doctor at a Waffle House. Now, I not a doctor at a Waffle House. Now, I not a doctor at a Waffle House. Now, I looked at the people's faces and I looked at the people's faces and I looked at the people's faces and I thought to myself, more a chance of a thought to myself, more a chance of a thought to myself, more a chance of a doctor than a dentist. No one has teeth in Mississippi. Are you No one has teeth in Mississippi. Are you No one has teeth in Mississippi. Are you guys going to get these jokes or no? So, I think to myself, Michael, you So, I think to myself, Michael, you So, I think to myself, Michael, you graduated from high school. You're the graduated from high school. You're the graduated from high school. You're the closest thing to a doctor at this Waffle closest thing to a doctor at this Waffle closest thing to a doctor at this Waffle House. You got to do something. So, I start to make my move. He's a big So, I start to make my move. He's a big So, I start to make my move. He's a big redneck. He's choking. I'm coming from redneck. He's choking. I'm coming from redneck. He's choking. I'm coming from behind him. I don't want to startle him, behind him. I don't want to startle him, behind him. I don't want to startle him, but I know I'm in the south. So, I get but I know I'm in the south. So, I get but I know I'm in the south. So, I get close and I whisper in his ear. I close and I whisper in his ear. I close and I whisper in his ear. I whisper, "I'm white." whisper, "I'm white." whisper, "I'm white." I lock my hands and I start the Heimlick I lock my hands and I start the Heimlick I lock my hands and I start the Heimlick maneuver, which is gay marriage in maneuver, which is gay marriage in maneuver, which is gay marriage in Mississippi. And someone starts Mississippi. And someone starts Mississippi. And someone starts recording it with their phone, I assume, recording it with their phone, I assume, recording it with their phone, I assume, for Pornhub. Man, after about 15 thrust, for Pornhub. Man, after about 15 thrust, for Pornhub. Man, after about 15 thrust, which is what I'm good for, which is what I'm good for, which is what I'm good for, piece of scrapple shoots out of his piece of scrapple shoots out of his piece of scrapple shoots out of his mouth and hits another man in the face, mouth and hits another man in the face, mouth and hits another man in the face, also named Scrapple. [laughter] also named Scrapple. [laughter] also named Scrapple. [laughter] Scrapple Jenkins. He was the sheriff. Scrapple Jenkins. He was the sheriff. Scrapple Jenkins. He was the sheriff. So, I head back to my table and I'm So, I head back to my table and I'm So, I head back to my table and I'm sitting there contemplating the meaning sitting there contemplating the meaning sitting there contemplating the meaning of life and my waitress, Scalene, of life and my waitress, Scalene, of life and my waitress, Scalene, she comes walking towards me and I she comes walking towards me and I she comes walking towards me and I notice she's limping and we're friends notice she's limping and we're friends notice she's limping and we're friends at this point. So, I call out to her. I at this point. So, I call out to her. I at this point. So, I call out to her. I call out. I say, "Scalene, baby girl, call out. I say, "Scalene, baby girl, call out. I say, "Scalene, baby girl, do you got the scoliosis?" do you got the scoliosis?" do you got the scoliosis?" She said, "Nope. Ferris wheel accident. She said, "Nope. Ferris wheel accident. She said, "Nope. Ferris wheel accident. Did you guys know Mississippi is 50th in Did you guys know Mississippi is 50th in Did you guys know Mississippi is 50th in education but number one in ferris wheel education but number one in ferris wheel education but number one in ferris wheel accidents? It's the silent killer. accidents? It's the silent killer. accidents? It's the silent killer. There's two types of people in There's two types of people in There's two types of people in Mississippi. People who've been injured Mississippi. People who've been injured Mississippi. People who've been injured in a ferris wheel accident and people in a ferris wheel accident and people in a ferris wheel accident and people who will be injured in a ferris wheel who will be injured in a ferris wheel who will be injured in a ferris wheel accident. It's an epidemic. Any Chinese accident. It's an epidemic. Any Chinese accident. It's an epidemic. Any Chinese people in the crowd? Any Chinese? >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> I'm from Australia, man. Oh, you're from >> I'm from Australia, man. Oh, you're from >> I'm from Australia, man. Oh, you're from Australia. Okay. >> Don't worry, they get uncomfortable. >> Don't worry, they get uncomfortable. >> Don't worry, they get uncomfortable. The crowd get uncomfortable because I'm The crowd get uncomfortable because I'm The crowd get uncomfortable because I'm prepared for the future and they are prepared for the future and they are prepared for the future and they are not. SO, IT'S not. SO, IT'S not. SO, IT'S >> [cheering] >> [cheering] >> [cheering] >> ALSO, [laughter] >> ALSO, [laughter] >> ALSO, [laughter] CAN YOU PLEASE verify that I was CAN YOU PLEASE verify that I was CAN YOU PLEASE verify that I was actually speaking Chinese because I know actually speaking Chinese because I know actually speaking Chinese because I know some people like, "Oh my god, I saw the some people like, "Oh my god, I saw the some people like, "Oh my god, I saw the most racist thing yesterday. This white most racist thing yesterday. This white most racist thing yesterday. This white guy was on stage. He was like, "Any guy was on stage. He was like, "Any guy was on stage. He was like, "Any Chinese people?" And then he chung Chinese people?" And then he chung Chinese people?" And then he chung Chuning this guy at the second time. Chuning this guy at the second time. Chuning this guy at the second time. But cancel this guy already. Like, oh my But cancel this guy already. Like, oh my But cancel this guy already. Like, oh my god, god, god, cancel [laughter] him. Seriously, yeah, it is. It's, you know, it's weird yeah, it is. It's, you know, it's weird yeah, it is. It's, you know, it's weird having a food allergy cuz like, you having a food allergy cuz like, you having a food allergy cuz like, you know, people on like weird diets all try know, people on like weird diets all try know, people on like weird diets all try to recruit you when they find out. to recruit you when they find out. to recruit you when they find out. They're like, like my brother was a They're like, like my brother was a They're like, like my brother was a vegan for a while. He's like, "Dude, you vegan for a while. He's like, "Dude, you vegan for a while. He's like, "Dude, you got to go plant-based." He almost had got to go plant-based." He almost had got to go plant-based." He almost had me. Like, I do like the idea of not me. Like, I do like the idea of not me. Like, I do like the idea of not hurting animals. I was like, "That is hurting animals. I was like, "That is hurting animals. I was like, "That is pretty compelling." But I have a problem pretty compelling." But I have a problem pretty compelling." But I have a problem where I always see both sides of things. where I always see both sides of things. where I always see both sides of things. So, I also kind of dig the idea of So, I also kind of dig the idea of So, I also kind of dig the idea of killing a creature and absorbing its killing a creature and absorbing its killing a creature and absorbing its powers by eating its flesh. [laughter] So, now I have to go to Whole Foods. You So, now I have to go to Whole Foods. You So, now I have to go to Whole Foods. You know, if you have a food allergy, you know, if you have a food allergy, you know, if you have a food allergy, you have to go to Whole Foods. They have all have to go to Whole Foods. They have all have to go to Whole Foods. They have all the stuff you need. It's annoying the stuff you need. It's annoying the stuff you need. It's annoying because it's all so expensive. The food because it's all so expensive. The food because it's all so expensive. The food there is just ridiculous. And it's also there is just ridiculous. And it's also there is just ridiculous. And it's also like a culture shock to go from like a like a culture shock to go from like a like a culture shock to go from like a normal Philadelphia grocery store to normal Philadelphia grocery store to normal Philadelphia grocery store to Whole Foods. Whole Foods. Whole Foods. >> Going to Whole Foods, everyone's all >> Going to Whole Foods, everyone's all >> Going to Whole Foods, everyone's all like they're all peppy like, "Well, hey, like they're all peppy like, "Well, hey, like they're all peppy like, "Well, hey, what's up, man?" Like, I'm used to like what's up, man?" Like, I'm used to like what's up, man?" Like, I'm used to like regular cashiers like an acme. regular cashiers like an acme. regular cashiers like an acme. Just ladies justing slumped and Just ladies justing slumped and Just ladies justing slumped and defeated, dude. defeated, dude. defeated, dude. Just a grandom with two big wrist guards Just a grandom with two big wrist guards Just a grandom with two big wrist guards on their arms and slugging a deer park on their arms and slugging a deer park on their arms and slugging a deer park like like like just wiping tears off the belt. just wiping tears off the belt. just wiping tears off the belt. Like that's what I'm talking about. Like that's what I'm talking about. Like that's what I'm talking about. You going to Whole Foods, they pick up You going to Whole Foods, they pick up You going to Whole Foods, they pick up every item like, "Oh, what's this? I every item like, "Oh, what's this? I every item like, "Oh, what's this? I never had this before." It's like, "Of never had this before." It's like, "Of never had this before." It's like, "Of course you have. You're a cashier. You course you have. You're a cashier. You course you have. You're a cashier. You can't afford this." can't afford this." can't afford this." The [\h__\h] the bag. Everything there is expensive, dude. Everything there is expensive, dude. Everything there is expensive, dude. Everything at Whole Foods is super Everything at Whole Foods is super Everything at Whole Foods is super expensive. And the reason why it's kind expensive. And the reason why it's kind expensive. And the reason why it's kind of a weird reason. Like every product at of a weird reason. Like every product at of a weird reason. Like every product at Whole Foods is designed to make you feel Whole Foods is designed to make you feel Whole Foods is designed to make you feel like you're a good person. Like like you're a good person. Like like you're a good person. Like everything you pick up a bag of sugar, everything you pick up a bag of sugar, everything you pick up a bag of sugar, it's like 2% of the proceeds of the it's like 2% of the proceeds of the it's like 2% of the proceeds of the sugar go towards some kid in a up sugar go towards some kid in a up sugar go towards some kid in a up country. country. country. The kid is so sad. The kid is so sad. The kid is so sad. He's having such a bad life. And his He's having such a bad life. And his He's having such a bad life. And his mom's mean to him, too. mom's mean to him, too. mom's mean to him, too. And if you buy the sugar, we'll give him And if you buy the sugar, we'll give him And if you buy the sugar, we'll give him some shoes, maybe. And you're like, "Oh, some shoes, maybe. And you're like, "Oh, some shoes, maybe. And you're like, "Oh, that's nice. that's nice. that's nice. I get all invested. I'm like, "My boy's I get all invested. I'm like, "My boy's I get all invested. I'm like, "My boy's out there." [laughter] out there." [laughter] out there." [laughter] You fill your cart with all this stuff. You fill your cart with all this stuff. You fill your cart with all this stuff. You're like, "Dude, I am a good guy." You're like, "Dude, I am a good guy." You're like, "Dude, I am a good guy." Then you go check out and you see the Then you go check out and you see the Then you go check out and you see the sales tax. You're like, "Ah, that goes sales tax. You're like, "Ah, that goes sales tax. You're like, "Ah, that goes towards bombs for that same kid." Dang towards bombs for that same kid." Dang towards bombs for that same kid." Dang it. >> Shoot. [applause] It does. >> Shoot. [applause] It does. >> Shoot. [applause] It does. But then you I I brightsideed. I'm like, But then you I I brightsideed. I'm like, But then you I I brightsideed. I'm like, "Yeah, maybe we'll get the shoes first. "Yeah, maybe we'll get the shoes first. "Yeah, maybe we'll get the shoes first. That'd be nice. You know, like That'd be nice. You know, like That'd be nice. You know, like pilot flies away from decimating a pilot flies away from decimating a pilot flies away from decimating a village. Like, you see the moccasins on village. Like, you see the moccasins on village. Like, you see the moccasins on that kid? Holy. that kid? Holy. that kid? Holy. It's nice to know there's good people in It's nice to know there's good people in It's nice to know there's good people in the world doing the important work. the world doing the important work. the world doing the important work. I think there should be maybe a soft I think there should be maybe a soft I think there should be maybe a soft holiday around now. At least something holiday around now. At least something holiday around now. At least something in the calendar that tells people in the calendar that tells people in the calendar that tells people specifically stop saying happy new year. specifically stop saying happy new year. specifically stop saying happy new year. I think that goes off for the Thank you I think that goes off for the Thank you I think that goes off for the Thank you for agreeing. for agreeing. for agreeing. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> I don't know when the date should be. >> I don't know when the date should be. >> I don't know when the date should be. Some people they they discuss it. I Some people they they discuss it. I Some people they they discuss it. I think I don't know. I don't like it on think I don't know. I don't like it on think I don't know. I don't like it on January 1st. It could be midnight. January 1st. It could be midnight. January 1st. It could be midnight. People be like, "Happy New Year." I'm People be like, "Happy New Year." I'm People be like, "Happy New Year." I'm like, "Chill out. Nothing happened yet." like, "Chill out. Nothing happened yet." like, "Chill out. Nothing happened yet." It's like, "You're about to jinx us. We It's like, "You're about to jinx us. We It's like, "You're about to jinx us. We about to have a terrible year cuz you about to have a terrible year cuz you about to have a terrible year cuz you can't shut up." [laughter] can't shut up." [laughter] can't shut up." [laughter] That's kind of selfish. [snorts] Technically, on paper, we've [snorts] Technically, on paper, we've [snorts] Technically, on paper, we've had some good ones. Dud. I don't know if had some good ones. Dud. I don't know if had some good ones. Dud. I don't know if anybody paying attention. Last year was anybody paying attention. Last year was anybody paying attention. Last year was our Jordan year. our Jordan year. our Jordan year. Yeah, just figured that out, right? That Yeah, just figured that out, right? That Yeah, just figured that out, right? That sucks. [laughter] sucks. [laughter] sucks. [laughter] It's all good. This was a good one. Can It's all good. This was a good one. Can It's all good. This was a good one. Can anybody guess what this year is? anybody guess what this year is? anybody guess what this year is? >> Kobe. That's right. Can you guess what >> Kobe. That's right. Can you guess what >> Kobe. That's right. Can you guess what next year is? next year is? next year is? It's the year Leonardo DiCaprio leaves It's the year Leonardo DiCaprio leaves It's the year Leonardo DiCaprio leaves us. So, us. So, us. So, prepare yourself now. Aren't you glad I prepare yourself now. Aren't you glad I prepare yourself now. Aren't you glad I said something? [laughter] said something? [laughter] said something? [laughter] You would have been blindsided in a You would have been blindsided in a You would have been blindsided in a year. You don't deserve that. year. You don't deserve that. year. You don't deserve that. Now you can look back like, "Oh yeah, Now you can look back like, "Oh yeah, Now you can look back like, "Oh yeah, that comedian did say something. that comedian did say something. that comedian did say something. Super funny. Very professional." Super funny. Very professional." Super funny. Very professional." Not even that high. [clears throat] Not even that high. [clears throat] Not even that high. [clears throat] N 20 last year was fine. I guess I N 20 last year was fine. I guess I N 20 last year was fine. I guess I learned a few things. Uh learned a few things. Uh learned a few things. Uh what's one thing? Oh, I learned that uh what's one thing? Oh, I learned that uh what's one thing? Oh, I learned that uh LLBAN is a clothing store. LLBAN is a clothing store. LLBAN is a clothing store. This whole time I thought it was a This whole time I thought it was a This whole time I thought it was a coffee shop. >> I don't even drink coffee, so I never >> I don't even drink coffee, so I never >> I don't even drink coffee, so I never walked in to fact check. I just kind of walked in to fact check. I just kind of walked in to fact check. I just kind of lived in this lie, just oblivious lived in this lie, just oblivious lived in this lie, just oblivious in a bubble. I was even arrogant about in a bubble. I was even arrogant about in a bubble. I was even arrogant about it. I even seen people like LLB on their it. I even seen people like LLB on their it. I even seen people like LLB on their shirt. I just thought it was merch. I'm like, they must really love those I'm like, they must really love those I'm like, they must really love those coffee grounds. coffee grounds. coffee grounds. I was like, I cannot relate. I was like, I cannot relate. I was like, I cannot relate. >> [laughter] >> was supposed to go to the movies this >> was supposed to go to the movies this >> was supposed to go to the movies this past weekend. Got kicked out the group past weekend. Got kicked out the group past weekend. Got kicked out the group chat. Uh, chat. Uh, chat. Uh, it happens. It's pretty normal it happens. It's pretty normal it happens. It's pretty normal occurrence. Uh, occurrence. Uh, occurrence. Uh, I told them I was going to bring a neck I told them I was going to bring a neck I told them I was going to bring a neck pillow and I think that was just too pillow and I think that was just too pillow and I think that was just too much for them to wrap their mind around. much for them to wrap their mind around. much for them to wrap their mind around. They living in the past. They living in the past. They living in the past. I guess it's fine. You see somebody at I guess it's fine. You see somebody at I guess it's fine. You see somebody at the airport neck pillow, you're like, the airport neck pillow, you're like, the airport neck pillow, you're like, "Yeah, this makes sense." But you see me "Yeah, this makes sense." But you see me "Yeah, this makes sense." But you see me at the [laughter] at the movie theater at the [laughter] at the movie theater at the [laughter] at the movie theater trying to get down your aisle with like trying to get down your aisle with like trying to get down your aisle with like popcorn. What's the thought that comes popcorn. What's the thought that comes popcorn. What's the thought that comes your like, "Oh snap, this dude's living your like, "Oh snap, this dude's living your like, "Oh snap, this dude's living in 2040. How do I become a genius like in 2040. How do I become a genius like in 2040. How do I become a genius like that?" [laughter] Obviously, this guy prioritizes comfort, Obviously, this guy prioritizes comfort, Obviously, this guy prioritizes comfort, which I do. That is right. Uh like I which I do. That is right. Uh like I which I do. That is right. Uh like I just want to back scratcher in a trivia just want to back scratcher in a trivia just want to back scratcher in a trivia game. game. game. thought it was a pretty mid gift and I thought it was a pretty mid gift and I thought it was a pretty mid gift and I used it. Changed my life. [laughter] I like scratched my own back. I was I like scratched my own back. I was I like scratched my own back. I was like, "Oh, I don't need a girlfriend. I like, "Oh, I don't need a girlfriend. I like, "Oh, I don't need a girlfriend. I could just do this by myself. could just do this by myself. could just do this by myself. Just supporting me." I'm like, "You got Just supporting me." I'm like, "You got Just supporting me." I'm like, "You got this. this. this. [laughter] I'm overusing the back [laughter] I'm overusing the back [laughter] I'm overusing the back scratch. I'm using it in places I can scratch. I'm using it in places I can scratch. I'm using it in places I can reach. I'm in the front just scratching reach. I'm in the front just scratching reach. I'm in the front just scratching away. [laughter] away. [laughter] away. [laughter] Thinking to myself, why are we limiting Thinking to myself, why are we limiting Thinking to myself, why are we limiting this? Why we calling it a back this? Why we calling it a back this? Why we calling it a back scratcher? It could just be a scratcher. scratcher? It could just be a scratcher. scratcher? It could just be a scratcher. That's real oppressive. [laughter] That's real oppressive. [laughter] That's real oppressive. [laughter] Let your imagination go. Use it on a Let your imagination go. Use it on a Let your imagination go. Use it on a lottery ticket. Do whatever you want. lottery ticket. Do whatever you want. lottery ticket. Do whatever you want. Reinvent things. [laughter] [snorts] What else did we learn? Oh, I [snorts] What else did we learn? Oh, I [snorts] What else did we learn? Oh, I learned that uh July 1st is Canada Day learned that uh July 1st is Canada Day learned that uh July 1st is Canada Day last year. last year. last year. Same response I had. Same response I had. Same response I had. That's fine. That was honest. That's fine. That was honest. That's fine. That was honest. Don't be upset with yourself. I read somewhere that the most marked up I read somewhere that the most marked up I read somewhere that the most marked up bottle of wine on a restaurant's wine bottle of wine on a restaurant's wine bottle of wine on a restaurant's wine list is the second cheapest. Reason they list is the second cheapest. Reason they list is the second cheapest. Reason they do that is got to be on a date too do that is got to be on a date too do that is got to be on a date too embarrassed to buy the cheapest wine, embarrassed to buy the cheapest wine, embarrassed to buy the cheapest wine, picks the second cheapest, and gets picks the second cheapest, and gets picks the second cheapest, and gets destroyed. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Probably the best thing I've ever read >> Probably the best thing I've ever read >> Probably the best thing I've ever read my entire life. It's like, who can we my entire life. It's like, who can we my entire life. It's like, who can we screw over here at the restaurant? How screw over here at the restaurant? How screw over here at the restaurant? How about a guy looking for love who's also about a guy looking for love who's also about a guy looking for love who's also on a budget? That's why I hired you, PJ. That's why I hired you, PJ. That's why I hired you, PJ. You're an idea, man. You're an idea, man. You're an idea, man. See, this bottle of pino noir cost us See, this bottle of pino noir cost us See, this bottle of pino noir cost us $150. Let's go 600 on this one. But I love cooking shows and shows about But I love cooking shows and shows about But I love cooking shows and shows about travel and stuff like that. I was travel and stuff like that. I was travel and stuff like that. I was actually on the Seth Meyer show once actually on the Seth Meyer show once actually on the Seth Meyer show once years ago and the other guest was years ago and the other guest was years ago and the other guest was Anthony Bourdain. I got to meet him real Anthony Bourdain. I got to meet him real Anthony Bourdain. I got to meet him real briefly and I'm glad it was a brief briefly and I'm glad it was a brief briefly and I'm glad it was a brief meeting cuz I don't want to be backstage meeting cuz I don't want to be backstage meeting cuz I don't want to be backstage trading road stories with Anthony trading road stories with Anthony trading road stories with Anthony Bourdain. Bourdain. Bourdain. His would be like, "Yeah, I remember His would be like, "Yeah, I remember His would be like, "Yeah, I remember once I was in South America, got bitten once I was in South America, got bitten once I was in South America, got bitten by a snake while I was trying to eat its by a snake while I was trying to eat its by a snake while I was trying to eat its small intestine." small intestine." small intestine." Oh, yeah. I was once at a Hampton Inn in Oh, yeah. I was once at a Hampton Inn in Oh, yeah. I was once at a Hampton Inn in Little Rock. And they ran out of Captain Crunch at And they ran out of Captain Crunch at And they ran out of Captain Crunch at the breakfast buffet. the breakfast buffet. the breakfast buffet. I get it. Poor guy must have had annoying fans Poor guy must have had annoying fans Poor guy must have had annoying fans when you're traveling food expert. when you're traveling food expert. when you're traveling food expert. People running up to you on the street. People running up to you on the street. People running up to you on the street. Hey Anthony, here's the deal. I'm going Hey Anthony, here's the deal. I'm going Hey Anthony, here's the deal. I'm going to Malaysia and I love turkey burgers. to Malaysia and I love turkey burgers. to Malaysia and I love turkey burgers. Anthony, best rice krispie treat in Anthony, best rice krispie treat in Anthony, best rice krispie treat in Paraguay. Let's hear it. [laughter] Paraguay. Let's hear it. [laughter] Paraguay. Let's hear it. [laughter] Anthony, I'm going to Dudeldorf and I Anthony, I'm going to Dudeldorf and I Anthony, I'm going to Dudeldorf and I love M piñatas. love M piñatas. love M piñatas. I need your top five. I like that show. Chopped. That's a I like that show. Chopped. That's a I like that show. Chopped. That's a great show. Four chefs compete for a great show. Four chefs compete for a great show. Four chefs compete for a $10,000 prize. My favorite part about $10,000 prize. My favorite part about $10,000 prize. My favorite part about that show is none of the chefs have a that show is none of the chefs have a that show is none of the chefs have a realistic grasp of what you can buy for realistic grasp of what you can buy for realistic grasp of what you can buy for $10,000. $10,000. $10,000. I was like, "Chef, what do you do if you I was like, "Chef, what do you do if you I was like, "Chef, what do you do if you win the $10,000?" Well, I've always win the $10,000?" Well, I've always win the $10,000?" Well, I've always wanted to travel around the world for a wanted to travel around the world for a wanted to travel around the world for a year. year. year. Flying first class everywhere. Flying first class everywhere. Flying first class everywhere. Oh, you can do that for another $1.3 Oh, you can do that for another $1.3 Oh, you can do that for another $1.3 million. [laughter] Here's what you're going to do. You can Here's what you're going to do. You can Here's what you're going to do. You can fly first class to Cleveland. fly first class to Cleveland. fly first class to Cleveland. Take a mega bus to Columbus. Take a mega bus to Columbus. Take a mega bus to Columbus. Fly back premium economy from Columbus Fly back premium economy from Columbus Fly back premium economy from Columbus with a 5-hour layover in Cleveland. with a 5-hour layover in Cleveland. with a 5-hour layover in Cleveland. Then you're out of money. Then you're out of money. Then you're out of money. >> Chef, what are you going to do if you >> Chef, what are you going to do if you >> Chef, what are you going to do if you win $10,000? You have six brothers. I'd win $10,000? You have six brothers. I'd win $10,000? You have six brothers. I'd love to buy them each a Rolls-Royce. love to buy them each a Rolls-Royce. love to buy them each a Rolls-Royce. Here's what you're going to do. You're Here's what you're going to do. You're Here's what you're going to do. You're going to buy three decent skateboards. Then you make a little signup sheet. Then you make a little signup sheet. Then you make a little signup sheet. Your brothers can take turns. Your brothers can take turns. Your brothers can take turns. Chef, what are you going to do to win Chef, what are you going to do to win Chef, what are you going to do to win the $10,000? I think it'd be great to the $10,000? I think it'd be great to the $10,000? I think it'd be great to buy my mom a house. buy my mom a house. buy my mom a house. That'd be the greatest. Buying your mom That'd be the greatest. Buying your mom That'd be the greatest. Buying your mom a sweet $10,000 house. a sweet $10,000 house. a sweet $10,000 house. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Here's what you're going to do. You're >> Here's what you're going to do. You're >> Here's what you're going to do. You're going to buy yourself an updated food going to buy yourself an updated food going to buy yourself an updated food processor. processor. processor. Then the best wooden spoon. Then you can Then the best wooden spoon. Then you can Then the best wooden spoon. Then you can make your mom some dip and she can enjoy make your mom some dip and she can enjoy make your mom some dip and she can enjoy it in the house she currently lives in. it in the house she currently lives in. it in the house she currently lives in. Not the $10,000 before taxes dream Not the $10,000 before taxes dream Not the $10,000 before taxes dream house. house. house. Also known as a $3,000 house, [laughter] Also known as a $3,000 house, [laughter] Also known as a $3,000 house, [laughter] also known as a used minivan. also known as a used minivan. also known as a used minivan. It's fun being a comedian. Work a night, It's fun being a comedian. Work a night, It's fun being a comedian. Work a night, have all day to have some weird days. have all day to have some weird days. have all day to have some weird days. Had a weird day recently. Went to the Had a weird day recently. Went to the Had a weird day recently. Went to the podiatrist. Then I adopted a kitten. podiatrist. Then I adopted a kitten. podiatrist. Then I adopted a kitten. That was my to-do list for a Tuesday. That was my to-do list for a Tuesday. That was my to-do list for a Tuesday. It was great. I was at the podiatrist It was great. I was at the podiatrist It was great. I was at the podiatrist office stretched out, looking down at my office stretched out, looking down at my office stretched out, looking down at my little toes. I was like, "A, little toes. I was like, "A, little toes. I was like, "A, I can't imagine anything cuter than I can't imagine anything cuter than I can't imagine anything cuter than that. that. that. >> [laughter] >> 40 minutes later. Holy [\h__\h] What was I >> 40 minutes later. Holy [\h__\h] What was I >> 40 minutes later. Holy [\h__\h] What was I thinking? thinking? thinking? Finally found something cuter than my Finally found something cuter than my Finally found something cuter than my little toes. little toes. little toes. Little baby kitty cat. Little baby kitty cat. Little baby kitty cat. It's fun being a new cat owner. Get to It's fun being a new cat owner. Get to It's fun being a new cat owner. Get to buy her stuff. I was on Amazon looking buy her stuff. I was on Amazon looking buy her stuff. I was on Amazon looking at cat treats. Found the brand of cat at cat treats. Found the brand of cat at cat treats. Found the brand of cat treat. There's a bunch of reviews next treat. There's a bunch of reviews next treat. There's a bunch of reviews next to it. Saw there was a one-star review. to it. Saw there was a one-star review. to it. Saw there was a one-star review. I was like, oo, [laughter] I was like, oo, [laughter] I was like, oo, [laughter] I got to read a one-star review of a cat I got to read a one-star review of a cat I got to read a one-star review of a cat treat. treat. treat. This was the entire review. My cat This was the entire review. My cat This was the entire review. My cat didn't like this. >> How's that, guys? At his keyboard. I'm >> How's that, guys? At his keyboard. I'm >> How's that, guys? At his keyboard. I'm going to keep this lean and mean. going to keep this lean and mean. going to keep this lean and mean. My cat didn't like this. My cat didn't like this. My cat didn't like this. I could just see that guy at home. Hey, I could just see that guy at home. Hey, I could just see that guy at home. Hey, Pockets, come here. Pockets, come here. Pockets, come here. Got some new treats for you to try. What Got some new treats for you to try. What Got some new treats for you to try. What do you think? Oh, you don't like them? do you think? Oh, you don't like them? do you think? Oh, you don't like them? Well, don't worry. Daddy will bankrupt Well, don't worry. Daddy will bankrupt Well, don't worry. Daddy will bankrupt the company. What? Just try a different brand. Don't What? Just try a different brand. Don't What? Just try a different brand. Don't be so petty. You don't be so polite. be so petty. You don't be so polite. be so petty. You don't be so polite. Pockets. I'm going to crush them. Pockets. I'm going to crush them. Pockets. I'm going to crush them. Made the mistake of getting a kitten Made the mistake of getting a kitten Made the mistake of getting a kitten instead of an adult cat. That's a instead of an adult cat. That's a instead of an adult cat. That's a mistake. She's adorable, but my god, I mistake. She's adorable, but my god, I mistake. She's adorable, but my god, I don't know who's in for. She attacks me don't know who's in for. She attacks me don't know who's in for. She attacks me while I'm trying to sleep. It's gotten while I'm trying to sleep. It's gotten while I'm trying to sleep. It's gotten so bad, I've actually checked into so bad, I've actually checked into so bad, I've actually checked into hotels. [laughter] I've checked into the closest hotel in I've checked into the closest hotel in I've checked into the closest hotel in my apartment three different times to my apartment three different times to my apartment three different times to get some sleep. Probably $5,000 worth of get some sleep. Probably $5,000 worth of get some sleep. Probably $5,000 worth of hotel rooms. It's a great check in hotel rooms. It's a great check in hotel rooms. It's a great check in though. You walk in, no bags, bleeding. So, you here for business, sir? No, So, you here for business, sir? No, So, you here for business, sir? No, actually a kid attacked me. actually a kid attacked me. actually a kid attacked me. Oh, where you coming in from? Look Oh, where you coming in from? Look Oh, where you coming in from? Look outside. outside. outside. See that building 50 ft away? See that See that building 50 ft away? See that See that building 50 ft away? See that light on the seventh floor? See that light on the seventh floor? See that light on the seventh floor? See that kitten in the window? Yeah. The one kitten in the window? Yeah. The one kitten in the window? Yeah. The one drinking a glass of rosé [laughter] drinking a glass of rosé [laughter] drinking a glass of rosé [laughter] smoking a cigarette with one of those smoking a cigarette with one of those smoking a cigarette with one of those long holders. long holders. long holders. Oh, she's holding up a sign. Todd Barry Oh, she's holding up a sign. Todd Barry Oh, she's holding up a sign. Todd Barry is overrated. Where does a kitty learn that word? Where does a kitty learn that word? Where does a kitty learn that word? It's incomprehensible. Supposed to brush my cat's teeth. That Supposed to brush my cat's teeth. That Supposed to brush my cat's teeth. That was sprung on me recently by that. you was sprung on me recently by that. you was sprung on me recently by that. you got to start brushing her teeth. I was got to start brushing her teeth. I was got to start brushing her teeth. I was like, "Okay, I uh I wouldn't have gotten like, "Okay, I uh I wouldn't have gotten like, "Okay, I uh I wouldn't have gotten the cat." Just saying. Had I known, I wouldn't Just saying. Had I known, I wouldn't Just saying. Had I known, I wouldn't have considered it for one second. have considered it for one second. have considered it for one second. But it's too late. I love her. So, I But it's too late. I love her. So, I But it's too late. I love her. So, I went on YouTube looking for tutorials went on YouTube looking for tutorials went on YouTube looking for tutorials how to brush your cat's teeth. how to brush your cat's teeth. how to brush your cat's teeth. Thought there might be one or two. Thought there might be one or two. Thought there might be one or two. There's thousands of them, all the same. There's thousands of them, all the same. There's thousands of them, all the same. None of them are helpful. None of them are helpful. None of them are helpful. They're like, "Here's how you brush your They're like, "Here's how you brush your They're like, "Here's how you brush your cat's teeth. First start out with the cat's teeth. First start out with the cat's teeth. First start out with the world's most relaxed cat. You got that? No, I don't got that. You got that? No, I don't got that. You got that? No, I don't got that. Shockingly, I do not have that. Place Shockingly, I do not have that. Place Shockingly, I do not have that. Place her carefully on this table specifically her carefully on this table specifically her carefully on this table specifically designed to examine animals. designed to examine animals. designed to examine animals. You can get one at your local veterinary You can get one at your local veterinary You can get one at your local veterinary supply store for $6,000. supply store for $6,000. supply store for $6,000. Now, take the toothbrush and toothpaste Now, take the toothbrush and toothpaste Now, take the toothbrush and toothpaste out. Watch what happens. Oh my god, she out. Watch what happens. Oh my god, she out. Watch what happens. Oh my god, she took it from my hand. She's taking the took it from my hand. She's taking the took it from my hand. She's taking the cap off the toothpaste. cap off the toothpaste. cap off the toothpaste. She's brushing her own teeth. She's brushing her own teeth. She's brushing her own teeth. Where'd you get a water pick, baby? Where'd you get a water pick, baby? Where'd you get a water pick, baby? She snuck off to Target and bought a She snuck off to Target and bought a She snuck off to Target and bought a water pick. Supposed to schedule playtime with a Supposed to schedule playtime with a Supposed to schedule playtime with a cat. I don't know how you're supposed to cat. I don't know how you're supposed to cat. I don't know how you're supposed to do that. I don't want to play with my do that. I don't want to play with my do that. I don't want to play with my cat. I'll watch Shark Tank with my cat. cat. I'll watch Shark Tank with my cat. cat. I'll watch Shark Tank with my cat. We'll call that playing. Come here, We'll call that playing. Come here, We'll call that playing. Come here, baby. Sit in my lap. We're going to baby. Sit in my lap. We're going to baby. Sit in my lap. We're going to play. Scratch. Scratch. Scratch. play. Scratch. Scratch. Scratch. play. Scratch. Scratch. Scratch. Scratch. $500,000 for 2% equity. Yeah, Scratch. $500,000 for 2% equity. Yeah, Scratch. $500,000 for 2% equity. Yeah, that's [\h__\h] that's [\h__\h] that's [\h__\h] Yes, bad valuation, baby. Yeah, they Yes, bad valuation, baby. Yeah, they Yes, bad valuation, baby. Yeah, they better have some sales. The apartment I live in charges me $50 a The apartment I live in charges me $50 a The apartment I live in charges me $50 a month because I have a cat. It's like a month because I have a cat. It's like a month because I have a cat. It's like a little spiteful pet fee they have. little spiteful pet fee they have. little spiteful pet fee they have. Remember being in the leasing office, Remember being in the leasing office, Remember being in the leasing office, signing a lease, guys like, "So, it's signing a lease, guys like, "So, it's signing a lease, guys like, "So, it's just you and the apartment?" "Yeah, just just you and the apartment?" "Yeah, just just you and the apartment?" "Yeah, just me and my cat. me and my cat. me and my cat. Also, it's not just you in the Also, it's not just you in the Also, it's not just you in the apartment. apartment. apartment. There's also something this big living There's also something this big living There's also something this big living there. there. there. >> Yeah. She's the size of my toaster. You >> Yeah. She's the size of my toaster. You >> Yeah. She's the size of my toaster. You have a toaster? have a toaster? have a toaster? [cheering] You got to come clean with [cheering] You got to come clean with [cheering] You got to come clean with me, my man. me, my man. me, my man. All right. I have a couple of spoons All right. I have a couple of spoons All right. I have a couple of spoons also. also. also. Okay. We're going to go 50 to the cat, Okay. We're going to go 50 to the cat, Okay. We're going to go 50 to the cat, 30 for the toaster. Eight bucks each for 30 for the toaster. Eight bucks each for 30 for the toaster. Eight bucks each for the spoons. the spoons. the spoons. I can make that joke last 19 hours if I I can make that joke last 19 hours if I I can make that joke last 19 hours if I wanted to. wanted to. wanted to. Think of all the objects I didn't Think of all the objects I didn't Think of all the objects I didn't mention. They have cat cafes now. Coffee shops They have cat cafes now. Coffee shops They have cat cafes now. Coffee shops with cats roaming around in them. with cats roaming around in them. with cats roaming around in them. They're great. I went to one in New They're great. I went to one in New They're great. I went to one in New Orleans. The only thing better going to Orleans. The only thing better going to Orleans. The only thing better going to a cat cafe going to a cat cafe alone. a cat cafe going to a cat cafe alone. a cat cafe going to a cat cafe alone. You only thing better than going to a You only thing better than going to a You only thing better than going to a cat cafe alone? Showing up and being the cat cafe alone? Showing up and being the cat cafe alone? Showing up and being the only customer at the cat cafe. only customer at the cat cafe. only customer at the cat cafe. It was just me and 150 cats. It was just me and 150 cats. It was just me and 150 cats. I was just walking around like I was the I was just walking around like I was the I was just walking around like I was the king. Tell me about the gray one. king. Tell me about the gray one. king. Tell me about the gray one. Seems a bit moody for a domestic Seems a bit moody for a domestic Seems a bit moody for a domestic shortorth hair. [laughter] Why is the tabby not playing with the Why is the tabby not playing with the Why is the tabby not playing with the raga muffin? They should be friends. raga muffin? They should be friends. raga muffin? They should be friends. Let's try a coffee. M delicious. Let's try a coffee. M delicious. Let's try a coffee. M delicious. Coffee always tastes best when you're Coffee always tastes best when you're Coffee always tastes best when you're drinking near seven litter boxes. drinking near seven litter boxes. drinking near seven litter boxes. That was a lot of cat jokes, huh? That was a lot of cat jokes, huh? That was a lot of cat jokes, huh? I'm feeling pretty good about myself. I'm feeling pretty good about myself. I'm feeling pretty good about myself. Um, [laughter] Um, [laughter] Um, [laughter] I made it through the summer without I made it through the summer without I made it through the summer without getting poison ivy. And um, getting poison ivy. And um, getting poison ivy. And um, >> I know that's a big deal for me. I don't >> I know that's a big deal for me. I don't >> I know that's a big deal for me. I don't know what that plant looks like. know what that plant looks like. know what that plant looks like. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Like their their hints are not very >> Like their their hints are not very >> Like their their hints are not very good. [laughter] good. [laughter] good. [laughter] Leaves of three, Leaves of three, Leaves of three, let it be. let it be. let it be. Oh, thanks for the poem, but it didn't Oh, thanks for the poem, but it didn't Oh, thanks for the poem, but it didn't work. This thing has the word poison in work. This thing has the word poison in work. This thing has the word poison in it. Is that how we're handling poisons it. Is that how we're handling poisons it. Is that how we're handling poisons now? Rhymes. When it comes to nerve gas, now? Rhymes. When it comes to nerve gas, now? Rhymes. When it comes to nerve gas, say I pass. It's not [laughter] say I pass. It's not [laughter] say I pass. It's not [laughter] I've been out there in the forest and I've been out there in the forest and I've been out there in the forest and those leaves bunch up. I can't count those leaves bunch up. I can't count those leaves bunch up. I can't count them. I don't know if that's nine leaves them. I don't know if that's nine leaves them. I don't know if that's nine leaves of three or one leaf of 27. So, of three or one leaf of 27. So, of three or one leaf of 27. So, what I decided is no more nature. No what I decided is no more nature. No what I decided is no more nature. No more nature. Here's my poem. If it's a more nature. Here's my poem. If it's a more nature. Here's my poem. If it's a plant, I can't. [laughter] plant, I can't. [laughter] plant, I can't. [laughter] In any event, stay on the cement. That's In any event, stay on the cement. That's In any event, stay on the cement. That's how I'm going to live my life. I'm going how I'm going to live my life. I'm going how I'm going to live my life. I'm going to start treating vegetation like I to start treating vegetation like I to start treating vegetation like I treat snakes all bad. But Greg, it's a treat snakes all bad. But Greg, it's a treat snakes all bad. But Greg, it's a garder snake. Well, it looks like a garder snake. Well, it looks like a garder snake. Well, it looks like a snake snake. Like I don't know what the snake snake. Like I don't know what the snake snake. Like I don't know what the word garter means, but if I see a garter word garter means, but if I see a garter word garter means, but if I see a garter mountain lion, I'm leaving. [laughter] mountain lion, I'm leaving. [laughter] mountain lion, I'm leaving. [laughter] Greg, it's harmless. It's not harmless. Greg, it's harmless. It's not harmless. Greg, it's harmless. It's not harmless. It already made me drop my Starbucks. It It already made me drop my Starbucks. It It already made me drop my Starbucks. It has done harm. Harm was done. Venty harm has done harm. Harm was done. Venty harm has done harm. Harm was done. Venty harm was done. [laughter] Thank you. Thanks. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. [applause] Yeah. [applause] Yeah. [applause] I I don't know. Poison ivy. I I'm trying I I don't know. Poison ivy. I I'm trying I I don't know. Poison ivy. I I'm trying to learn though. I I learned this. They to learn though. I I learned this. They to learn though. I I learned this. They use it for medicinal purposes. They use use it for medicinal purposes. They use use it for medicinal purposes. They use an extract of poison ivy to treat joint an extract of poison ivy to treat joint an extract of poison ivy to treat joint pain. That sounds like something my dad pain. That sounds like something my dad pain. That sounds like something my dad would come up like, "Dad, I itch all would come up like, "Dad, I itch all would come up like, "Dad, I itch all over." Yeah, you do. But you're not over." Yeah, you do. But you're not over." Yeah, you do. But you're not thinking about your knee anymore, are thinking about your knee anymore, are thinking about your knee anymore, are you? [laughter] There's a snake rhyme, you guys. There's There's a snake rhyme, you guys. There's There's a snake rhyme, you guys. There's There's these two snakes. They look the There's these two snakes. They look the There's these two snakes. They look the same. They have the same colors, but same. They have the same colors, but same. They have the same colors, but they're arranged differently. And one of they're arranged differently. And one of they're arranged differently. And one of them is venomous. So to tell them apart, them is venomous. So to tell them apart, them is venomous. So to tell them apart, they have this rhyme. Red touches black. they have this rhyme. Red touches black. they have this rhyme. Red touches black. Friend of Jack. Red touches yellow kills Friend of Jack. Red touches yellow kills Friend of Jack. Red touches yellow kills a fellow. a fellow. a fellow. Kills a fellow. Kills a fellow. Kills a fellow. [laughter] Fellows aren't supposed to be [laughter] Fellows aren't supposed to be [laughter] Fellows aren't supposed to be killed. Fellows are in like barber shop killed. Fellows are in like barber shop killed. Fellows are in like barber shop quartets. It's for he's a jolly good quartets. It's for he's a jolly good quartets. It's for he's a jolly good fellow. Not he got murdered by a snake. fellow. Not he got murdered by a snake. fellow. Not he got murdered by a snake. Here's a better snake rhyme. No snakes. Here's a better snake rhyme. No snakes. Here's a better snake rhyme. No snakes. [laughter] If you're out there in the [laughter] If you're out there in the [laughter] If you're out there in the woods and you see a snake, don't stand woods and you see a snake, don't stand woods and you see a snake, don't stand still and recite poetry because still and recite poetry because still and recite poetry because somewhere between kills a fellow and somewhere between kills a fellow and somewhere between kills a fellow and friend of Jack, you're going to get what friend of Jack, you're going to get what friend of Jack, you're going to get what snake experts call bit. It's not snake experts call bit. It's not snake experts call bit. It's not Snakes are horrible. They're terrible. Snakes are horrible. They're terrible. Snakes are horrible. They're terrible. Did you know this? I if you cut a Did you know this? I if you cut a Did you know this? I if you cut a snake's head off, it can still bite you snake's head off, it can still bite you snake's head off, it can still bite you for up to 4 hours. That is true. And for up to 4 hours. That is true. And for up to 4 hours. That is true. And it's the same for clowns. Like, it's the same for clowns. Like, it's the same for clowns. Like, no. Listen, listen. No. If you see a no. Listen, listen. No. If you see a no. Listen, listen. No. If you see a clown head rolling around, you stay clown head rolling around, you stay clown head rolling around, you stay away. Like, you can't like you don't It away. Like, you can't like you don't It away. Like, you can't like you don't It might be a garter clown, but might be a garter clown, but might be a garter clown, but there's no rhyme. It's not [cheering] there's no rhyme. It's not [cheering] there's no rhyme. It's not [cheering] It's not like if his nose is red, you're It's not like if his nose is red, you're It's not like if his nose is red, you're dead. IT'S NOT dead. IT'S NOT dead. IT'S NOT >> [laughter] >> I DON'T KNOW POISON IVY. I don't know >> I DON'T KNOW POISON IVY. I don't know >> I DON'T KNOW POISON IVY. I don't know trees. That's embarrassing. trees. That's embarrassing. trees. That's embarrassing. Her house is the one with the big maple Her house is the one with the big maple Her house is the one with the big maple in the front yard. You can't miss it. I in the front yard. You can't miss it. I in the front yard. You can't miss it. I can miss it. can miss it. can miss it. [laughter] I'm going to miss it. Here's [laughter] I'm going to miss it. Here's [laughter] I'm going to miss it. Here's the trees I know. CHRISTMAS. the trees I know. CHRISTMAS. the trees I know. CHRISTMAS. That's it. That's the only one. And that That's it. That's the only one. And that That's it. That's the only one. And that one's got to have likes on it for me to one's got to have likes on it for me to one's got to have likes on it for me to get it. I get it. I get it. I just just give me your address. That just just give me your address. That just just give me your address. That would be a better system [laughter] for would be a better system [laughter] for would be a better system [laughter] for That's why they have that system. Like, That's why they have that system. Like, That's why they have that system. Like, don't tell me about architecture. That's don't tell me about architecture. That's don't tell me about architecture. That's not going to help either. It's the not going to help either. It's the not going to help either. It's the colonial house. Well, it better have a colonial house. Well, it better have a colonial house. Well, it better have a guy with a triangle hat and a musket guy with a triangle hat and a musket guy with a triangle hat and a musket marching back and forth. [laughter] marching back and forth. [laughter] marching back and forth. [laughter] It's the Stuckco house. Stuckco? It's the Stuckco house. Stuckco? It's the Stuckco house. Stuckco? What is Stuckco sounds like? A clown What is Stuckco sounds like? A clown What is Stuckco sounds like? A clown that can't get out of stuff. YOU'RE that can't get out of stuff. YOU'RE that can't get out of stuff. YOU'RE LIKE, "OH, NO. LIKE, "OH, NO. LIKE, "OH, NO. I DON'T GO IN THERE, STUCKCO. You're I DON'T GO IN THERE, STUCKCO. You're I DON'T GO IN THERE, STUCKCO. You're You're too big. You're not going to fit, You're too big. You're not going to fit, You're too big. You're not going to fit, Stuckco. [laughter] Stuckco. [laughter] Stuckco. [laughter] You You wear size 76 shoes, Stuckco. You You wear size 76 shoes, Stuckco. You You wear size 76 shoes, Stuckco. All right, I' I've been up here for a All right, I' I've been up here for a All right, I' I've been up here for a while. I I better get to it. Um I know while. I I better get to it. Um I know while. I I better get to it. Um I know why you guys came. Uh let's talk about why you guys came. Uh let's talk about why you guys came. Uh let's talk about Walgreens. [laughter] It's an important issue. It's a complex It's an important issue. It's a complex It's an important issue. It's a complex issue, but there's a lot of sides, you issue, but there's a lot of sides, you issue, but there's a lot of sides, you know, like I mean, on one hand, you got know, like I mean, on one hand, you got know, like I mean, on one hand, you got to give it a there are a lot of to give it a there are a lot of to give it a there are a lot of Walgreens. Like there there's several Walgreens. Like there there's several Walgreens. Like there there's several Walgreens. I mean, you're always close. Walgreens. I mean, you're always close. Walgreens. I mean, you're always close. I mean, it's very convenient. Also, I mean, it's very convenient. Also, I mean, it's very convenient. Also, they're open late, but I've noticed they're open late, but I've noticed they're open late, but I've noticed after about 9:00, they're just kind of after about 9:00, they're just kind of after about 9:00, they're just kind of open. [laughter] open. [laughter] open. [laughter] You ever walk into Walgreens like 11:30 You ever walk into Walgreens like 11:30 You ever walk into Walgreens like 11:30 and the lights are on and the doors are and the lights are on and the doors are and the lights are on and the doors are unlocked and there's not one human being unlocked and there's not one human being unlocked and there's not one human being visible? It's upsetting. It feels like visible? It's upsetting. It feels like visible? It's upsetting. It feels like something horrible happened right before something horrible happened right before something horrible happened right before I got there. Like what did a cheetah get I got there. Like what did a cheetah get I got there. Like what did a cheetah get loose in here or something? Did CVS loose in here or something? Did CVS loose in here or something? Did CVS attack him? attack him? attack him? Eventually you'll HEAR I'M BACK HERE. Eventually you'll HEAR I'M BACK HERE. Eventually you'll HEAR I'M BACK HERE. WELL, don't be okay. Be up here. You're WELL, don't be okay. Be up here. You're WELL, don't be okay. Be up here. You're a business. You're supposed to have a up a business. You're supposed to have a up a business. You're supposed to have a up here guy at all times. That's what sets here guy at all times. That's what sets here guy at all times. That's what sets you apart from an abandoned warehouse you apart from an abandoned warehouse you apart from an abandoned warehouse Walgreens. [laughter] Walgreens. [laughter] Also, when you said I'm back here, you Also, when you said I'm back here, you Also, when you said I'm back here, you startle me. I'm too old to ever want to startle me. I'm too old to ever want to startle me. I'm too old to ever want to be startled again. Especially in an be startled again. Especially in an be startled again. Especially in an empty Walgreens in the middle of the empty Walgreens in the middle of the empty Walgreens in the middle of the night. Next time, maybe you could just night. Next time, maybe you could just night. Next time, maybe you could just jump out behind the Pringles in a hockey jump out behind the Pringles in a hockey jump out behind the Pringles in a hockey goalie mask. That'll be fun. IF YOU NEED goalie mask. That'll be fun. IF YOU NEED goalie mask. That'll be fun. IF YOU NEED SOMETHING DONE BACK THERE SO BAD, WHY SOMETHING DONE BACK THERE SO BAD, WHY SOMETHING DONE BACK THERE SO BAD, WHY DON'T YOU JUST HIRE another guy? Right DON'T YOU JUST HIRE another guy? Right DON'T YOU JUST HIRE another guy? Right now, YOU HAVE EXACTLY ONE MORE EMPLOYEE now, YOU HAVE EXACTLY ONE MORE EMPLOYEE now, YOU HAVE EXACTLY ONE MORE EMPLOYEE than a vending machine. It's not a good than a vending machine. It's not a good than a vending machine. It's not a good look. look. look. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> You're the number 27 company in the >> You're the number 27 company in the >> You're the number 27 company in the Fortune 500 and you have one guy. Fortune 500 and you have one guy. Fortune 500 and you have one guy. There's a lemonade stand in my There's a lemonade stand in my There's a lemonade stand in my neighborhood. Two girls. THEY HAVE neighborhood. Two girls. THEY HAVE neighborhood. Two girls. THEY HAVE DOUBLE DOUBLE double the employees as DOUBLE DOUBLE double the employees as DOUBLE DOUBLE double the employees as Walgreens. [laughter] And listen, like if you're working And listen, like if you're working And listen, like if you're working anywhere now at Walgreens anywhere, anywhere now at Walgreens anywhere, anywhere now at Walgreens anywhere, thank you. I mean, I appreciate you thank you. I mean, I appreciate you thank you. I mean, I appreciate you working. But let's face it, if you're working. But let's face it, if you're working. But let's face it, if you're the late night worker at Walgreens, the late night worker at Walgreens, the late night worker at Walgreens, you're not you're not you're not first strength. Like, you're not their first strength. Like, you're not their first strength. Like, you're not their best guy, okay? And you're a little best guy, okay? And you're a little best guy, okay? And you're a little weird. That's why they put you on weird. That's why they put you on weird. That's why they put you on nights. And [laughter] and and they know nights. And [laughter] and and they know nights. And [laughter] and and they know that. That's why they shouldn't make you that. That's why they shouldn't make you that. That's why they shouldn't make you do stuff back there. They should give do stuff back there. They should give do stuff back there. They should give you two simple jobs. Number one, stand you two simple jobs. Number one, stand you two simple jobs. Number one, stand next to the register. Number two, wear next to the register. Number two, wear next to the register. Number two, wear some article of clothing that says the some article of clothing that says the some article of clothing that says the word Walgreens on it. [laughter] word Walgreens on it. [laughter] word Walgreens on it. [laughter] Cuz when I walk in, I want to know Cuz when I walk in, I want to know Cuz when I walk in, I want to know you're the guy that works at Walgreens, you're the guy that works at Walgreens, you're the guy that works at Walgreens, not the guy that just shot the guy that not the guy that just shot the guy that not the guy that just shot the guy that works at Walgreens. [laughter] Another thing, if Another thing, if Another thing, if if you're a thief, if anybody in here is if you're a thief, if anybody in here is if you're a thief, if anybody in here is like a shoplifter, or you you know, you like a shoplifter, or you you know, you like a shoplifter, or you you know, you steal. I mean, I I can see a couple of steal. I mean, I I can see a couple of steal. I mean, I I can see a couple of you. I can see [laughter] you. I can see [laughter] you. I can see [laughter] I I can see I wasn't going to call you I I can see I wasn't going to call you I I can see I wasn't going to call you out soon, but I I mean, if you're a out soon, but I I mean, if you're a out soon, but I I mean, if you're a thief and you go to Walgreens at 11:30 thief and you go to Walgreens at 11:30 thief and you go to Walgreens at 11:30 at night and there's not one human being at night and there's not one human being at night and there's not one human being visible, take a couple of things. Like, visible, take a couple of things. Like, visible, take a couple of things. Like, just take some stuff. That's how we're just take some stuff. That's how we're just take some stuff. That's how we're going to get a permanent up here, guy, going to get a permanent up here, guy, going to get a permanent up here, guy, is if you dirt bags start stealing late, is if you dirt bags start stealing late, is if you dirt bags start stealing late, they will staff up. Now, listen to me. they will staff up. Now, listen to me. they will staff up. Now, listen to me. Listen to me. Stealing is wrong. It's Listen to me. Stealing is wrong. It's Listen to me. Stealing is wrong. It's bad. If you don't steal, don't start. bad. If you don't steal, don't start. bad. If you don't steal, don't start. I'm just saying if you happen to steal I'm just saying if you happen to steal I'm just saying if you happen to steal from Walgreens during the day, from Walgreens during the day, from Walgreens during the day, could you go a little bit later? Like could you go a little bit later? Like could you go a little bit later? Like that. It's just it's going to be better that. It's just it's going to be better that. It's just it's going to be better for you. You're going to get way more for you. You're going to get way more for you. You're going to get way more stuff. Honestly, that like it's stuff. Honestly, that like it's stuff. Honestly, that like it's trick-or-treating there after 11. Like trick-or-treating there after 11. Like trick-or-treating there after 11. Like nobody's watching. And [laughter] if if nobody's watching. And [laughter] if if nobody's watching. And [laughter] if if you get in trouble, you're fine. Go in you get in trouble, you're fine. Go in you get in trouble, you're fine. Go in front of the judge and say, "Your honor, front of the judge and say, "Your honor, front of the judge and say, "Your honor, I walked in. There was not one human I walked in. There was not one human I walked in. There was not one human being visible. How was I supposed to being visible. How was I supposed to being visible. How was I supposed to know it was a store?" It felt more like know it was a store?" It felt more like know it was a store?" It felt more like a place where you just take stuff. You a place where you just take stuff. You a place where you just take stuff. You know that take a penny, leave a penny know that take a penny, leave a penny know that take a penny, leave a penny thing. It felt like that except for you thing. It felt like that except for you thing. It felt like that except for you take a lot of stuff and you leave it. take a lot of stuff and you leave it. take a lot of stuff and you leave it. You leave. You just you leave. You You leave. You just you leave. You You leave. You just you leave. You leave. [laughter] leave. [laughter] leave. [laughter] They're not They're They're not good at They're not They're They're not good at They're not They're They're not good at night. I mean, they're better during the night. I mean, they're better during the night. I mean, they're better during the day. They're They're not killing it, but day. They're They're not killing it, but day. They're They're not killing it, but they're They're better. [laughter] they're They're better. [laughter] they're They're better. [laughter] They're better. You go during the day, They're better. You go during the day, They're better. You go during the day, there's going to be a up here guy, okay? there's going to be a up here guy, okay? there's going to be a up here guy, okay? There's going to be somebody next to the There's going to be somebody next to the There's going to be somebody next to the register, but one somebody. Okay, that register, but one somebody. Okay, that register, but one somebody. Okay, that line could get to like seven people. line could get to like seven people. line could get to like seven people. Still one. It's got to get to like 11. Still one. It's got to get to like 11. Still one. It's got to get to like 11. Then they go, "Chuck, we need you to Then they go, "Chuck, we need you to Then they go, "Chuck, we need you to come up front. Wait a minute. You had an come up front. Wait a minute. You had an come up front. Wait a minute. You had an extra guy back there the whole time. Now extra guy back there the whole time. Now extra guy back there the whole time. Now I'm angry. Okay, Chuck, when you do go I'm angry. Okay, Chuck, when you do go I'm angry. Okay, Chuck, when you do go up front, I better see you hustle. Okay, up front, I better see you hustle. Okay, up front, I better see you hustle. Okay, you better [laughter] sprint to the you better [laughter] sprint to the you better [laughter] sprint to the front. And when you get up there, you front. And when you get up there, you front. And when you get up there, you better act like you're sorry for what better act like you're sorry for what better act like you're sorry for what you did to everybody in this line. Just you did to everybody in this line. Just you did to everybody in this line. Just get right to work. Scan, scan, scan. No get right to work. Scan, scan, scan. No get right to work. Scan, scan, scan. No chitchat. Scan, scan, scan. No chitchat. chitchat. Scan, scan, scan. No chitchat. chitchat. Scan, scan, scan. No chitchat. Matter of fact, if you're a customer at Matter of fact, if you're a customer at Matter of fact, if you're a customer at Walgreens and you get to the front of Walgreens and you get to the front of Walgreens and you get to the front of the line, no chitchat from you either. the line, no chitchat from you either. the line, no chitchat from you either. You can talk to the cashier, but You can talk to the cashier, but You can talk to the cashier, but business conversation business conversation business conversation only. This goes mostly for you old guys. only. This goes mostly for you old guys. only. This goes mostly for you old guys. Okay? I know. Okay? I know. Okay? I know. I know that's the highlight of your day, I know that's the highlight of your day, I know that's the highlight of your day, sir. I know. I know you've been waiting sir. I know. I know you've been waiting sir. I know. I know you've been waiting to get in THERE ALL MORNING AND CHAT IT to get in THERE ALL MORNING AND CHAT IT to get in THERE ALL MORNING AND CHAT IT UP WITH THE CASHIER, [laughter] BUT WE UP WITH THE CASHIER, [laughter] BUT WE UP WITH THE CASHIER, [laughter] BUT WE DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT, RIGHT? YOU THINK DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT, RIGHT? YOU THINK DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT, RIGHT? YOU THINK WE'RE GOING TO GET ANY RAIN TONIGHT? LY, WE'RE GOING TO GET ANY RAIN TONIGHT? LY, WE'RE GOING TO GET ANY RAIN TONIGHT? LY, shut up. Shut up, old man. [laughter] shut up. Shut up, old man. [laughter] shut up. Shut up, old man. [laughter] SHUT UP. WE'RE NOT TIRED BACK HERE. JUST SHUT UP. WE'RE NOT TIRED BACK HERE. JUST SHUT UP. WE'RE NOT TIRED BACK HERE. JUST GET TO YOUR BUSINESS TALK. WE KNOW YOU GET TO YOUR BUSINESS TALK. WE KNOW YOU GET TO YOUR BUSINESS TALK. WE KNOW YOU HAVE BUSINESS TALK CUZ THERE'S NEVER HAVE BUSINESS TALK CUZ THERE'S NEVER HAVE BUSINESS TALK CUZ THERE'S NEVER BEEN ONE OLD GUY THAT GOT TO THE FRONT BEEN ONE OLD GUY THAT GOT TO THE FRONT BEEN ONE OLD GUY THAT GOT TO THE FRONT OF THE LINE AT WALGREENS AND THEN NOT OF THE LINE AT WALGREENS AND THEN NOT OF THE LINE AT WALGREENS AND THEN NOT have some sort of a price DISCREPANCY have some sort of a price DISCREPANCY have some sort of a price DISCREPANCY EVERY TIME. EVERY TIME. A$1.25 FOR A EVERY TIME. EVERY TIME. A$1.25 FOR A EVERY TIME. EVERY TIME. A$1.25 FOR A SNICKER BAR. The circular said 18 cents. SNICKER BAR. The circular said 18 cents. SNICKER BAR. The circular said 18 cents. The circular The circular The circular THE CIRCULAR FROM 1756 MIGHT HAVE SAID THE CIRCULAR FROM 1756 MIGHT HAVE SAID THE CIRCULAR FROM 1756 MIGHT HAVE SAID THAT PRICE, SIR. [laughter] >> ALSO, when you walk into Walgreens, they >> ALSO, when you walk into Walgreens, they >> ALSO, when you walk into Walgreens, they have shopping carts. No, [laughter] have shopping carts. No, [laughter] have shopping carts. No, [laughter] no, no, no, no. I have met your employees and they no. I have met your employees and they no. I have met your employees and they cannot handle [laughter] cannot handle [laughter] cannot handle [laughter] that kind of volume. Like I I have seen that kind of volume. Like I I have seen that kind of volume. Like I I have seen them struggle with two items. Now, we're them struggle with two items. Now, we're them struggle with two items. Now, we're going to encourage people to get 54. going to encourage people to get 54. going to encourage people to get 54. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> That's a bad idea. Everybody in this >> That's a bad idea. Everybody in this >> That's a bad idea. Everybody in this room knows the unwritten rule at room knows the unwritten rule at room knows the unwritten rule at Walgreens. Whatever you can hold in your Walgreens. Whatever you can hold in your Walgreens. Whatever you can hold in your hand, that's how much you can buy. If hand, that's how much you can buy. If hand, that's how much you can buy. If you [laughter] if you need more, you you [laughter] if you need more, you you [laughter] if you need more, you turn around, you go to Target. That's a turn around, you go to Target. That's a turn around, you go to Target. That's a Target trip. You don't bring a Target Target trip. You don't bring a Target Target trip. You don't bring a Target trip to Walgreens. trip to Walgreens. trip to Walgreens. And God forbid an old person gets their And God forbid an old person gets their And God forbid an old person gets their hands on one of those carts, they'll hands on one of those carts, they'll hands on one of those carts, they'll have to shut it down. Sorry guys, have to shut it down. Sorry guys, have to shut it down. Sorry guys, Walgreens is closed. Mort got a cart. Walgreens is closed. Mort got a cart. Walgreens is closed. Mort got a cart. Listen, you know, I think you guys are looking you know, I think you guys are looking you know, I think you guys are looking at me like, "Well, this guy hates at me like, "Well, this guy hates at me like, "Well, this guy hates Walgreens." I don't. I love Walgreens. Walgreens." I don't. I love Walgreens. Walgreens." I don't. I love Walgreens. That's why I'm so hard on them. I mean, That's why I'm so hard on them. I mean, That's why I'm so hard on them. I mean, that's my pharmacy. I've been going to that's my pharmacy. I've been going to that's my pharmacy. I've been going to the same Walgreens my whole life. And the same Walgreens my whole life. And the same Walgreens my whole life. And And I think they're good. I I think And I think they're good. I I think And I think they're good. I I think they're better than CVS. Close, but I they're better than CVS. Close, but I they're better than CVS. Close, but I think they're better than CVS. And you think they're better than CVS. And you think they're better than CVS. And you guys are probably like, "Wait a minute, guys are probably like, "Wait a minute, guys are probably like, "Wait a minute, Greg. You said Walgreens has one Greg. You said Walgreens has one Greg. You said Walgreens has one employee. How could they be better than employee. How could they be better than employee. How could they be better than CVS?" CVS has one employee for every CVS?" CVS has one employee for every CVS?" CVS has one employee for every five stores. That's how they [laughter] five stores. That's how they [laughter] five stores. That's how they [laughter] do it. Where's the checker? He's in do it. Where's the checker? He's in do it. Where's the checker? He's in chill coffee right now. Like, he's just chill coffee right now. Like, he's just chill coffee right now. Like, he's just not not not just wait. He'll be here. Show some just wait. He'll be here. Show some just wait. He'll be here. Show some patience. No. Hey, listen. When I'm talking about No. Hey, listen. When I'm talking about No. Hey, listen. When I'm talking about Walgreens, I'm not talking about the Walgreens, I'm not talking about the Walgreens, I'm not talking about the pharmacy. I'm talking about regular pharmacy. I'm talking about regular pharmacy. I'm talking about regular Walgreens. Like I don't think that's the Walgreens. Like I don't think that's the Walgreens. Like I don't think that's the same company. Like I I bet you the same company. Like I I bet you the same company. Like I I bet you the regular Walgreens workers are not regular Walgreens workers are not regular Walgreens workers are not allowed to talk to the pharmacy people allowed to talk to the pharmacy people allowed to talk to the pharmacy people like don't look at them. They're better like don't look at them. They're better like don't look at them. They're better than us. Don't look at them. [laughter] than us. Don't look at them. [laughter] than us. Don't look at them. [laughter] I bet you every now and then the regular I bet you every now and then the regular I bet you every now and then the regular Walgreens manager tries to go in and Walgreens manager tries to go in and Walgreens manager tries to go in and tell the pharmacy people to do something tell the pharmacy people to do something tell the pharmacy people to do something like, "Hey guys, I was thinking today like, "Hey guys, I was thinking today like, "Hey guys, I was thinking today maybe shut up, Ted. You got no maybe shut up, Ted. You got no maybe shut up, Ted. You got no jurisdiction here. [laughter] jurisdiction here. [laughter] jurisdiction here. [laughter] Go sell pretzels. We're going to HEAL Go sell pretzels. We're going to HEAL Go sell pretzels. We're going to HEAL THE SICK. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> I uh >> I uh >> I uh I mean Walgreens has good stuff. I mean I mean Walgreens has good stuff. I mean I mean Walgreens has good stuff. I mean it. Like they're they're open on it. Like they're they're open on it. Like they're they're open on Christmas 24 hours. I I have never Christmas 24 hours. I I have never Christmas 24 hours. I I have never missed one Christmas at Walgreens. missed one Christmas at Walgreens. missed one Christmas at Walgreens. Greg, did you go to midnight mass? No. I Greg, did you go to midnight mass? No. I Greg, did you go to midnight mass? No. I went to 11:30 Walgreens. went to 11:30 Walgreens. went to 11:30 Walgreens. Here's what I do. Okay. I have a Here's what I do. Okay. I have a Here's what I do. Okay. I have a tradition. Every Christmas Eve I wrap tradition. Every Christmas Eve I wrap tradition. Every Christmas Eve I wrap gifts and I get sick of it real quick gifts and I get sick of it real quick gifts and I get sick of it real quick and I go to Walgreens and I buy a bunch and I go to Walgreens and I buy a bunch and I go to Walgreens and I buy a bunch of those holiday gift bags. You know of those holiday gift bags. You know of those holiday gift bags. You know what I'm talking way to say, "Hey, I what I'm talking way to say, "Hey, I what I'm talking way to say, "Hey, I want to spend money on you, but not time want to spend money on you, but not time want to spend money on you, but not time or effort." Okay, here. [laughter] or effort." Okay, here. [laughter] or effort." Okay, here. [laughter] Here you want to do it with your gift. Here you want to do it with your gift. Here you want to do it with your gift. I'm going to throw it in a bag. I'm I'm going to throw it in a bag. I'm I'm going to throw it in a bag. I'm going to crinkle up some garbage and put going to crinkle up some garbage and put going to crinkle up some garbage and put it on top so we can't see what's in it on top so we can't see what's in it on top so we can't see what's in there for 13 seconds and then we're there for 13 seconds and then we're there for 13 seconds and then we're [laughter] going to pretend like I [laughter] going to pretend like I [laughter] going to pretend like I wrapped that gift. That gift is about as wrapped that gift. That gift is about as wrapped that gift. That gift is about as wrapped as bubble gum under a desk. It's wrapped as bubble gum under a desk. It's wrapped as bubble gum under a desk. It's not wrapped. [laughter] not wrapped. [laughter] not wrapped. [laughter] My dad uses holiday gift bags sort of. My dad uses holiday gift bags sort of. My dad uses holiday gift bags sort of. When he buys your gift at the store, When he buys your gift at the store, When he buys your gift at the store, they put it in a bag and that's what they put it in a bag and that's what they put it in a bag and that's what you're getting on Christmas [laughter] you're getting on Christmas [laughter] you're getting on Christmas [laughter] morning and it's going to have a couple morning and it's going to have a couple morning and it's going to have a couple of his items in the bottom that he of his items in the bottom that he of his items in the bottom that he forgot to take out. YOU'RE LIKE, "OH, forgot to take out. YOU'RE LIKE, "OH, forgot to take out. YOU'RE LIKE, "OH, FOOT POWDER, DAD. THANKS." Give me that. FOOT POWDER, DAD. THANKS." Give me that. FOOT POWDER, DAD. THANKS." Give me that. My grandma, my grandma, Nano, Nano was My grandma, my grandma, Nano, Nano was My grandma, my grandma, Nano, Nano was the greatest gift wrapper in history. the greatest gift wrapper in history. the greatest gift wrapper in history. She wrapped our gifts in maps. Is Isn't She wrapped our gifts in maps. Is Isn't She wrapped our gifts in maps. Is Isn't that cool? Like, yeah, it was I wish I that cool? Like, yeah, it was I wish I that cool? Like, yeah, it was I wish I would have saved them. My grandma worked would have saved them. My grandma worked would have saved them. My grandma worked for the defense department in mapping. for the defense department in mapping. for the defense department in mapping. She did. She did. And she would bring She did. She did. And she would bring She did. She did. And she would bring these maps home from the office. I don't these maps home from the office. I don't these maps home from the office. I don't know if she was supposed to do that, but know if she was supposed to do that, but know if she was supposed to do that, but she [laughter] she [laughter] she [laughter] she did. And And it was great cuz I was she did. And And it was great cuz I was she did. And And it was great cuz I was like, "Oh, your grandma has wrapping like, "Oh, your grandma has wrapping like, "Oh, your grandma has wrapping paper with Snoopies and Santa Clauses. paper with Snoopies and Santa Clauses. paper with Snoopies and Santa Clauses. That's cute." My grandma trusted me with That's cute." My grandma trusted me with That's cute." My grandma trusted me with strategic bombing locations in May, strategic bombing locations in May, strategic bombing locations in May, [laughter] China. [laughter] China. [laughter] China. It is cool. My wife's a black woman. She It is cool. My wife's a black woman. She It is cool. My wife's a black woman. She can say like whatever she wants. Total can say like whatever she wants. Total can say like whatever she wants. Total freedom of speech. It's awesome. She'll freedom of speech. It's awesome. She'll freedom of speech. It's awesome. She'll like but she'll drag me into like but she'll drag me into like but she'll drag me into conversations where I have to be like, conversations where I have to be like, conversations where I have to be like, "Hey, I don't know if you know this, but "Hey, I don't know if you know this, but "Hey, I don't know if you know this, but white guys are kind of on house arrest white guys are kind of on house arrest white guys are kind of on house arrest right now. [laughter] right now. [laughter] right now. [laughter] You go ahead." You go ahead." You go ahead." Yeah, black women can say whatever they Yeah, black women can say whatever they Yeah, black women can say whatever they want. Except for Whoopy Goldberg for want. Except for Whoopy Goldberg for want. Except for Whoopy Goldberg for some reason. They're on Whoopi's ass, some reason. They're on Whoopi's ass, some reason. They're on Whoopi's ass, man. man. man. It annoys me. She would apologize It annoys me. She would apologize It annoys me. She would apologize recently for using the word gipped. recently for using the word gipped. recently for using the word gipped. Yeah, she would apologize to the Yeah, she would apologize to the Yeah, she would apologize to the American gypsy community. [laughter] American gypsy community. [laughter] American gypsy community. [laughter] She had to burn 30 seconds of prime time She had to burn 30 seconds of prime time She had to burn 30 seconds of prime time TV to say sorry to four toothless TV to say sorry to four toothless TV to say sorry to four toothless carnies. [laughter] No, man. My wife will just like drag me No, man. My wife will just like drag me No, man. My wife will just like drag me into these conversations where I'm like, into these conversations where I'm like, into these conversations where I'm like, I don't know. I don't know how to I don't know. I don't know how to I don't know. I don't know how to respond, man. It's like like I invited respond, man. It's like like I invited respond, man. It's like like I invited her on a double date not too long ago her on a double date not too long ago her on a double date not too long ago and it was like a kind of a weird and it was like a kind of a weird and it was like a kind of a weird situation. It was my friend. He's a situation. It was my friend. He's a situation. It was my friend. He's a white guy who just started dating this white guy who just started dating this white guy who just started dating this black chick, which first of all, I'm black chick, which first of all, I'm black chick, which first of all, I'm kind of like that's my thing. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Yeah, that's kind of annoying. And then >> Yeah, that's kind of annoying. And then >> Yeah, that's kind of annoying. And then and then it's like you don't want to go and then it's like you don't want to go and then it's like you don't want to go on a double interracial date. Single on a double interracial date. Single on a double interracial date. Single dates perfect cuz like you guys like dates perfect cuz like you guys like dates perfect cuz like you guys like we're saving the world. We're so we're saving the world. We're so we're saving the world. We're so tolerant. tolerant. tolerant. Once you're in like a double interracial Once you're in like a double interracial Once you're in like a double interracial date, now you're like enthusiasts or date, now you're like enthusiasts or date, now you're like enthusiasts or something. It's something. It's something. It's just swirling a glass like we like what just swirling a glass like we like what just swirling a glass like we like what we like, you know? [laughter] we like, you know? [laughter] we like, you know? [laughter] It's it's weird. It's it's weird. It's it's weird. But I told my wife the situation. I'm But I told my wife the situation. I'm But I told my wife the situation. I'm like, "Come on, man. We should go." You like, "Come on, man. We should go." You like, "Come on, man. We should go." You know, we haven't been doing anything. know, we haven't been doing anything. know, we haven't been doing anything. Let's Let's go on the date. My wife was Let's Let's go on the date. My wife was Let's Let's go on the date. My wife was like, "What kind of black is she?" like, "What kind of black is she?" like, "What kind of black is she?" It's like level two. I don't know, man. It's like level two. I don't know, man. It's like level two. I don't know, man. How to can't possibly answer this. I learn about a lot of white I learn about a lot of white I learn about a lot of white stereotypes, too. Being with I I like I stereotypes, too. Being with I I like I stereotypes, too. Being with I I like I hear stuff I'm not supposed to hear. hear stuff I'm not supposed to hear. hear stuff I'm not supposed to hear. There's a lot of weirdly specific There's a lot of weirdly specific There's a lot of weirdly specific stereotypes about white people. You guys stereotypes about white people. You guys stereotypes about white people. You guys probably have no idea about. I always probably have no idea about. I always probably have no idea about. I always like walk in on conversations where I like walk in on conversations where I like walk in on conversations where I hear them and I'm kind of like I I just opened my door. I walked in on I I just opened my door. I walked in on I I just opened my door. I walked in on one recently. I opened my door. My wife one recently. I opened my door. My wife one recently. I opened my door. My wife was talking to her aunt on speaker was talking to her aunt on speaker was talking to her aunt on speaker phone. It's a cultural thing. And I I phone. It's a cultural thing. And I I phone. It's a cultural thing. And I I open my door. I open my door. [laughter] open my door. I open my door. [laughter] open my door. I open my door. [laughter] It's a custom. Be respectful. And I I It's a custom. Be respectful. And I I It's a custom. Be respectful. And I I just opened the door to her aunt being just opened the door to her aunt being just opened the door to her aunt being like, "You know, white people don't care like, "You know, white people don't care like, "You know, white people don't care about their grandparents." And I was about their grandparents." And I was about their grandparents." And I was like, "Ah, damn it, dude." like, "Ah, damn it, dude." like, "Ah, damn it, dude." That one's true. That hurts. That's That one's true. That hurts. That's That one's true. That hurts. That's I didn't know anyone knew about that. I didn't know anyone knew about that. I didn't know anyone knew about that. How the hell they know it's true. My mom How the hell they know it's true. My mom How the hell they know it's true. My mom calls me every like 5 months. She's calls me every like 5 months. She's calls me every like 5 months. She's like, "You know, your great a Bry died." like, "You know, your great a Bry died." like, "You know, your great a Bry died." And I'm like, "Mom, do I You have to And I'm like, "Mom, do I You have to And I'm like, "Mom, do I You have to go." I'm like, "Oh, all right." go." I'm like, "Oh, all right." go." I'm like, "Oh, all right." I I have to go literally ID the body at I I have to go literally ID the body at I I have to go literally ID the body at the funeral. I go and I'm like, "Oh, the funeral. I go and I'm like, "Oh, the funeral. I go and I'm like, "Oh, that lady." Uh I hate funerals. Then you have to like I hate funerals. Then you have to like I hate funerals. Then you have to like try to like talk to a dead person in try to like talk to a dead person in try to like talk to a dead person in your head. It's always your head. It's always your head. It's always >> I just panic. I don't know what to say. >> I just panic. I don't know what to say. >> I just panic. I don't know what to say. I just like it just like I I just rattle I just like it just like I I just rattle I just like it just like I I just rattle off some Iced Tea would say on NCIS. I'm off some Iced Tea would say on NCIS. I'm off some Iced Tea would say on NCIS. I'm like crime doesn't pay you punk. And I like crime doesn't pay you punk. And I like crime doesn't pay you punk. And I Yeah. So it's it's fun though, man. It's Yeah. So it's it's fun though, man. It's Yeah. So it's it's fun though, man. It's cool, you know, being in a relationship cool, you know, being in a relationship cool, you know, being in a relationship like that. I get like having a black like that. I get like having a black like that. I get like having a black wife is a confidence booster sometimes. wife is a confidence booster sometimes. wife is a confidence booster sometimes. Certain situations that like dude like Certain situations that like dude like Certain situations that like dude like customer service disputes, customer service disputes, customer service disputes, bro. [laughter] Black ladies are like the Navy Seals of Black ladies are like the Navy Seals of Black ladies are like the Navy Seals of customer service. They customer service. They customer service. They It's crazy. I always I'm first wave. I'm It's crazy. I always I'm first wave. I'm It's crazy. I always I'm first wave. I'm the scout. the scout. the scout. I go up. I'm like, "Hey, uh I noticed I go up. I'm like, "Hey, uh I noticed I go up. I'm like, "Hey, uh I noticed our flight's delayed. Do you know how our flight's delayed. Do you know how our flight's delayed. Do you know how long that's going to be by chance?" I'm long that's going to be by chance?" I'm long that's going to be by chance?" I'm like, "Sir, shut the up, dude. Sit the like, "Sir, shut the up, dude. Sit the like, "Sir, shut the up, dude. Sit the [\h__\h] down." I'm like, "All right." I [\h__\h] down." I'm like, "All right." I [\h__\h] down." I'm like, "All right." I always give him another chance. I'm always give him another chance. I'm always give him another chance. I'm like, "Are you sure?" >> You'll never guess who's following me >> You'll never guess who's following me >> You'll never guess who's following me up, dude. >> I go, I just tell I'm like, "Uh, it was >> I go, I just tell I'm like, "Uh, it was >> I go, I just tell I'm like, "Uh, it was that lady right there." [laughter] that lady right there." [laughter] that lady right there." [laughter] She comes back five minutes later with She comes back five minutes later with She comes back five minutes later with like a $50 gift card. She's like, "We're like a $50 gift card. She's like, "We're like a $50 gift card. She's like, "We're taking off. Throw it on the pile. Yeah, it's not all fun in games, man. We Yeah, it's not all fun in games, man. We Yeah, it's not all fun in games, man. We do deal with stuff. We still have a race do deal with stuff. We still have a race do deal with stuff. We still have a race problem in this country, you know, a lot problem in this country, you know, a lot problem in this country, you know, a lot of perceptual stuff, you know, like of perceptual stuff, you know, like of perceptual stuff, you know, like there's just like sometimes you will there's just like sometimes you will there's just like sometimes you will just be looked at differently and I, you just be looked at differently and I, you just be looked at differently and I, you know, it is what it is. Like I I Here's know, it is what it is. Like I I Here's know, it is what it is. Like I I Here's the thing. I I bought us a pair of the thing. I I bought us a pair of the thing. I I bought us a pair of matching sweatpants from Walmart. I matching sweatpants from Walmart. I matching sweatpants from Walmart. I thought it'd be funny. It's not. Nobody thought it'd be funny. It's not. Nobody thought it'd be funny. It's not. Nobody likes it, but they're these like pattern likes it, but they're these like pattern likes it, but they're these like pattern weird looking sweatpants and like we weird looking sweatpants and like we weird looking sweatpants and like we still have them. So sometimes like still have them. So sometimes like still have them. So sometimes like laundry just works out the way we're laundry just works out the way we're laundry just works out the way we're we're just out of stuff and we both wear we're just out of stuff and we both wear we're just out of stuff and we both wear them. We don't even think about it. them. We don't even think about it. them. We don't even think about it. We'll be out like running errands and We'll be out like running errands and We'll be out like running errands and our matching sweatpants and we'll be our matching sweatpants and we'll be our matching sweatpants and we'll be like like arguing in the electronics like like arguing in the electronics like like arguing in the electronics department at a Target and I'll see the department at a Target and I'll see the department at a Target and I'll see the people looking at us who work there and people looking at us who work there and people looking at us who work there and I know they're thinking we're one of I know they're thinking we're one of I know they're thinking we're one of those crackhead couples. those crackhead couples. those crackhead couples. I know what they're think. They think I know what they're think. They think I know what they're think. They think you know those couples that like walk you know those couples that like walk you know those couples that like walk along the side of the highway together along the side of the highway together along the side of the highway together just visibly bound in failure for all to just visibly bound in failure for all to just visibly bound in failure for all to see. Just you know those guys they see. Just you know those guys they see. Just you know those guys they always make me laugh. I'm like why the always make me laugh. I'm like why the always make me laugh. I'm like why the highway? What the hell? [laughter] highway? What the hell? [laughter] highway? What the hell? [laughter] Checking Google Maps like I said it's Checking Google Maps like I said it's Checking Google Maps like I said it's going to take 5 days and 4 hours. We got going to take 5 days and 4 hours. We got going to take 5 days and 4 hours. We got to take the turnpike. Come on. to take the turnpike. Come on. to take the turnpike. Come on. I love those guys. It's like the heroin I love those guys. It's like the heroin I love those guys. It's like the heroin organ trail. You see them out there like organ trail. You see them out there like organ trail. You see them out there like god damn [laughter] god damn [laughter] god damn [laughter] prospectors. You see their sweatpants catch the wind. You see their sweatpants catch the wind. You see their sweatpants catch the wind. You're like oh my god it's beautiful. You're like oh my god it's beautiful. You're like oh my god it's beautiful. Yeah, we argue. It sucks. I hate arguing Yeah, we argue. It sucks. I hate arguing Yeah, we argue. It sucks. I hate arguing with my wife. I wish we didn't, but we with my wife. I wish we didn't, but we with my wife. I wish we didn't, but we do. We've been together for so long, do. We've been together for so long, do. We've been together for so long, it's like embarrassing at this point, it's like embarrassing at this point, it's like embarrassing at this point, you know, cuz we we don't even have you know, cuz we we don't even have you know, cuz we we don't even have anything to argue about. Our arguments anything to argue about. Our arguments anything to argue about. Our arguments are like they're like abstract. They're are like they're like abstract. They're are like they're like abstract. They're like philosophical battles at this like philosophical battles at this like philosophical battles at this point. They don't even It's like my point. They don't even It's like my point. They don't even It's like my house is like ancient Greece, dude. When house is like ancient Greece, dude. When house is like ancient Greece, dude. When we argue, we argue, we argue, like my wife, it's like stupid stuff. like my wife, it's like stupid stuff. like my wife, it's like stupid stuff. Like I'll be downstairs, she's like, Like I'll be downstairs, she's like, Like I'll be downstairs, she's like, "Hey, make sure you load the dishwasher "Hey, make sure you load the dishwasher "Hey, make sure you load the dishwasher before you go to bed tonight." And my before you go to bed tonight." And my before you go to bed tonight." And my brain does that thing where it's like, brain does that thing where it's like, brain does that thing where it's like, "Delete. control altdelete. control altdelete. control altdelete. I don't do it on purpose. My mind's just I don't do it on purpose. My mind's just I don't do it on purpose. My mind's just like, "This other thing is more like, "This other thing is more like, "This other thing is more important." And I just important." And I just important." And I just I hate that I do that. But then the next I hate that I do that. But then the next I hate that I do that. But then the next morning, you know, it all crashes down morning, you know, it all crashes down morning, you know, it all crashes down on me. She's like, "Why didn't you load on me. She's like, "Why didn't you load on me. She's like, "Why didn't you load the dishwasher?" And I'm like, "I the dishwasher?" And I'm like, "I the dishwasher?" And I'm like, "I forgot." She's like, "How did you forgot." She's like, "How did you forgot." She's like, "How did you forget?" I'm like, "You want me to forget?" I'm like, "You want me to forget?" I'm like, "You want me to explain the absence of thoughts? explain the absence of thoughts? explain the absence of thoughts? It's a logical fallacy." And I won't. We argue over the toilet seat. That's so We argue over the toilet seat. That's so We argue over the toilet seat. That's so embarrassing. I hate that, man. just so embarrassing. I hate that, man. just so embarrassing. I hate that, man. just so stupid and cliche that you know. But stupid and cliche that you know. But stupid and cliche that you know. But yeah, she all the time. And dude, I'll yeah, she all the time. And dude, I'll yeah, she all the time. And dude, I'll put it down. I don't care. I'll put it put it down. I don't care. I'll put it put it down. I don't care. I'll put it down. Sometimes I forget, you know. And down. Sometimes I forget, you know. And down. Sometimes I forget, you know. And I'm like, all I'm asking you is justing I'm like, all I'm asking you is justing I'm like, all I'm asking you is justing gently lower it. Don't slam it like an gently lower it. Don't slam it like an gently lower it. Don't slam it like an [\h__\h] Justing just put it down. It's [\h__\h] Justing just put it down. It's [\h__\h] Justing just put it down. It's not the end of the world. I'm like, not the end of the world. I'm like, not the end of the world. I'm like, what's the worst thing that could happen what's the worst thing that could happen what's the worst thing that could happen by it being up? She's like, I could fall by it being up? She's like, I could fall by it being up? She's like, I could fall in there at night time. Like, what? Do in there at night time. Like, what? Do in there at night time. Like, what? Do you run to the bathroom ass first and you run to the bathroom ass first and you run to the bathroom ass first and jump? What the >> [laughter] >> So now I do I put it down every time, >> So now I do I put it down every time, >> So now I do I put it down every time, but I also put that little one too. I but I also put that little one too. I but I also put that little one too. I put that down like you. I drop that down put that down like you. I drop that down put that down like you. I drop that down and I pee on it a little. [laughter] You can't win arguments with women, men. You can't win arguments with women, men. You can't win arguments with women, men. They'll just destroy you. It's their They'll just destroy you. It's their They'll just destroy you. It's their game. You think you win, they'll wait game. You think you win, they'll wait game. You think you win, they'll wait like three weeks and just lance you. like three weeks and just lance you. like three weeks and just lance you. It'll be like three weeks later and It'll be like three weeks later and It'll be like three weeks later and she'll be like, "What's up with your she'll be like, "What's up with your she'll be like, "What's up with your teeth? teeth? teeth? >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> What do you mean? She's like, "Oh, never >> What do you mean? She's like, "Oh, never >> What do you mean? She's like, "Oh, never mind." I'm like, "What the [\h__\h] mind." I'm like, "What the [\h__\h] mind." I'm like, "What the [\h__\h] They'll get you with their celebrity They'll get you with their celebrity They'll get you with their celebrity crushes. That hurts, man. Stop. Stop crushes. That hurts, man. Stop. Stop crushes. That hurts, man. Stop. Stop doing that, man. That hurts us." We were doing that, man. That hurts us." We were doing that, man. That hurts us." We were watching the movie Fury. Did you ever watching the movie Fury. Did you ever watching the movie Fury. Did you ever see Fury? see Fury? see Fury? >> World War II movie. Brad Pitt, Army >> World War II movie. Brad Pitt, Army >> World War II movie. Brad Pitt, Army Tanks. Awesome movie. We're having a Tanks. Awesome movie. We're having a Tanks. Awesome movie. We're having a good time. We're enjoying it. Halfway good time. We're enjoying it. Halfway good time. We're enjoying it. Halfway through, Brad Pitt pops out of an army through, Brad Pitt pops out of an army through, Brad Pitt pops out of an army tank. He just like won a battle. He's tank. He just like won a battle. He's tank. He just like won a battle. He's like, "Yeah." His shirt's ripped. I'm like, "Yeah." His shirt's ripped. I'm like, "Yeah." His shirt's ripped. I'm like, "Yeah, how does a shirt get ripped like, "Yeah, how does a shirt get ripped like, "Yeah, how does a shirt get ripped inside of a tank?" But inside of a tank?" But inside of a tank?" But I'm not ruining it for her. I'm I'm I'm not ruining it for her. I'm I'm I'm not ruining it for her. I'm I'm quiet. He pops out of the tank. You can quiet. He pops out of the tank. You can quiet. He pops out of the tank. You can see like his stomach. My wife didn't see like his stomach. My wife didn't see like his stomach. My wife didn't even say anything. She just went. even say anything. She just went. even say anything. She just went. Now I'm watching a whole different Now I'm watching a whole different Now I'm watching a whole different movie. [laughter] movie. [laughter] movie. [laughter] I'm rooting for the Nazis now. I'm googling [\h__\h] I'm like, "Yeah, the I'm googling [\h__\h] I'm like, "Yeah, the I'm googling [\h__\h] I'm like, "Yeah, the economy was pretty up. No one wants to economy was pretty up. No one wants to economy was pretty up. No one wants to talk about it. [laughter] I wrote a joke a long time ago to try to I wrote a joke a long time ago to try to I wrote a joke a long time ago to try to shame myself into into getting better shame myself into into getting better shame myself into into getting better shape. And it it didn't take. I look shape. And it it didn't take. I look shape. And it it didn't take. I look exactly the same. I I I I feel I feel exactly the same. I I I I feel I feel exactly the same. I I I I feel I feel like I look okay from the front. I still like I look okay from the front. I still like I look okay from the front. I still feel good about my front profile look. feel good about my front profile look. feel good about my front profile look. Not as happy with the side. And for a Not as happy with the side. And for a Not as happy with the side. And for a long time, I didn't know what I was like long time, I didn't know what I was like long time, I didn't know what I was like from the side. And then somebody took a from the side. And then somebody took a from the side. And then somebody took a picture of me when I was not wearing a picture of me when I was not wearing a picture of me when I was not wearing a shirt or sucking in my gut or aware that shirt or sucking in my gut or aware that shirt or sucking in my gut or aware that cameras were present. And that was a cameras were present. And that was a cameras were present. And that was a real eye opener. real eye opener. real eye opener. That's when I realized that from the That's when I realized that from the That's when I realized that from the front I look like a dude who lifts front I look like a dude who lifts front I look like a dude who lifts weights. Uh from the side I look like a weights. Uh from the side I look like a weights. Uh from the side I look like a dude who shouldn't cuz it's probably bad dude who shouldn't cuz it's probably bad dude who shouldn't cuz it's probably bad for the baby. for the baby. for the baby. It's a little little rough in the It's a little little rough in the It's a little little rough in the middle. middle. middle. Part of the problem is uh I do work out Part of the problem is uh I do work out Part of the problem is uh I do work out but I don't work out very hard. I'm not but I don't work out very hard. I'm not but I don't work out very hard. I'm not going to lie to you. going to lie to you. going to lie to you. I don't like to go to hardcore gyms. So, I don't like to go to hardcore gyms. So, I don't like to go to hardcore gyms. So, I'm never going to be a CrossFit guy. I'm never going to be a CrossFit guy. I'm never going to be a CrossFit guy. I'm more of a YMCA guy. [laughter] I'm more of a YMCA guy. [laughter] I'm more of a YMCA guy. [laughter] So, I feel good about myself there, So, I feel good about myself there, So, I feel good about myself there, right? I'm a realist. A lot of happiness right? I'm a realist. A lot of happiness right? I'm a realist. A lot of happiness in life uh has to do with putting in life uh has to do with putting in life uh has to do with putting yourself in favorable matchup yourself in favorable matchup yourself in favorable matchup situations. [laughter] situations. [laughter] situations. [laughter] If I go to Gold's Gym or somewhere, I'm If I go to Gold's Gym or somewhere, I'm If I go to Gold's Gym or somewhere, I'm average at best, right? YMCA, you know, average at best, right? YMCA, you know, average at best, right? YMCA, you know, I dominate. I dominate. I dominate. My favorite gym I've ever worked out at My favorite gym I've ever worked out at My favorite gym I've ever worked out at was this old YMCA in Santa Monica, was this old YMCA in Santa Monica, was this old YMCA in Santa Monica, California. Nothing had been renovated California. Nothing had been renovated California. Nothing had been renovated there for probably 40 years, including there for probably 40 years, including there for probably 40 years, including most of the other members. most of the other members. most of the other members. It was like a nursing home gym. It was like a nursing home gym. It was like a nursing home gym. Those seniors respected my feats of Those seniors respected my feats of Those seniors respected my feats of strength. [laughter] strength. [laughter] strength. [laughter] And they came from a classier generation And they came from a classier generation And they came from a classier generation that's quick to compliment and I like that's quick to compliment and I like that's quick to compliment and I like all of that very very much. all of that very very much. all of that very very much. [laughter] Like a random ego stroke. One [laughter] Like a random ego stroke. One [laughter] Like a random ego stroke. One time I was doing the the tricep press time I was doing the the tricep press time I was doing the the tricep press down and this little old lady Connie was down and this little old lady Connie was down and this little old lady Connie was patiently waiting her turn like a decent patiently waiting her turn like a decent patiently waiting her turn like a decent person. And uh then when she went to use person. And uh then when she went to use person. And uh then when she went to use the uh the machine, she forgot to move the uh the machine, she forgot to move the uh the machine, she forgot to move the pin to a lighter weight and she just the pin to a lighter weight and she just the pin to a lighter weight and she just kind of struggled for quite some time. kind of struggled for quite some time. kind of struggled for quite some time. And then she figured out what happened And then she figured out what happened And then she figured out what happened and she turned to me and she goes, "My and she turned to me and she goes, "My and she turned to me and she goes, "My goodness, you just lived to that." goodness, you just lived to that." goodness, you just lived to that." Well, aren't you strong? [laughter] Well, aren't you strong? [laughter] Well, aren't you strong? [laughter] I couldn't even move it. I couldn't even move it. I couldn't even move it. I thought that was adorable. I thought that was adorable. I thought that was adorable. I also thought, "Of course you couldn't I also thought, "Of course you couldn't I also thought, "Of course you couldn't move it, Connie. Look at yourself. move it, Connie. Look at yourself. move it, Connie. Look at yourself. Like 90 lbs old bird bones Like 90 lbs old bird bones Like 90 lbs old bird bones paperier-mâché. paperier-mâché. paperier-mâché. Are you kidding me, Con? I'm pregaming Are you kidding me, Con? I'm pregaming Are you kidding me, Con? I'm pregaming on creatine whey protein shakes. You on creatine whey protein shakes. You on creatine whey protein shakes. You look like you're getting ready on hard look like you're getting ready on hard look like you're getting ready on hard candy and formaldahhide. candy and formaldahhide. candy and formaldahhide. Won't you look at that fan, Connie? Look Won't you look at that fan, Connie? Look Won't you look at that fan, Connie? Look at it. I turn that fan to high. You're at it. I turn that fan to high. You're at it. I turn that fan to high. You're stuck to that wall. [laughter] stuck to that wall. [laughter] stuck to that wall. [laughter] THIS IS MY GYM, CONNIE. Part of the problem with not being in Part of the problem with not being in Part of the problem with not being in great shape is my nutrition program. great shape is my nutrition program. great shape is my nutrition program. It's not great. Uh I live in a house It's not great. Uh I live in a house It's not great. Uh I live in a house full of a lot of mixed nutritional full of a lot of mixed nutritional full of a lot of mixed nutritional signals. signals. signals. My wife uh she she says she wants me to My wife uh she she says she wants me to My wife uh she she says she wants me to eat better, my wife Lindsay, but I don't eat better, my wife Lindsay, but I don't eat better, my wife Lindsay, but I don't I don't necessarily believe it because I don't necessarily believe it because I don't necessarily believe it because her actions don't go along with her her actions don't go along with her her actions don't go along with her words. [laughter] words. [laughter] words. [laughter] She'll say she wants me to eat She'll say she wants me to eat She'll say she wants me to eat healthier, but then she uh bakes me healthier, but then she uh bakes me healthier, but then she uh bakes me delicious treats delicious treats delicious treats cuz she loves me through food. I think cuz she loves me through food. I think cuz she loves me through food. I think it's competing instincts inside of her. it's competing instincts inside of her. it's competing instincts inside of her. Part of her does want me to, you know, Part of her does want me to, you know, Part of her does want me to, you know, eat really well so I can live a long eat really well so I can live a long eat really well so I can live a long time and she doesn't have to die alone. time and she doesn't have to die alone. time and she doesn't have to die alone. But another part of her wants to fatten But another part of her wants to fatten But another part of her wants to fatten me up just enough so that no other woman me up just enough so that no other woman me up just enough so that no other woman will ever want me. [laughter] will ever want me. [laughter] will ever want me. [laughter] That makes her feel secure and safe. That makes her feel secure and safe. That makes her feel secure and safe. She'll do this ridiculous thing where She'll do this ridiculous thing where She'll do this ridiculous thing where she'll make my favorite treat. like she'll make my favorite treat. like she'll make my favorite treat. like she'll make me chocolate chip cookies she'll make me chocolate chip cookies she'll make me chocolate chip cookies with like little walnut chunks and then with like little walnut chunks and then with like little walnut chunks and then I'll start to eat them. And she like, I'll start to eat them. And she like, I'll start to eat them. And she like, "Dan, what are you doing? [laughter] How many of those are you going to have How many of those are you going to have How many of those are you going to have today?" [laughter] today?" [laughter] today?" [laughter] I was going for all of them. I was going for all of them. I was going for all of them. I'm sorry. I thought these were I'm sorry. I thought these were I'm sorry. I thought these were delicious cookies. I didn't realize you delicious cookies. I didn't realize you delicious cookies. I didn't realize you had baked me shame biscuits and guilt had baked me shame biscuits and guilt had baked me shame biscuits and guilt wafers. wafers. wafers. >> Here in New York, we dealt with that uh >> Here in New York, we dealt with that uh >> Here in New York, we dealt with that uh what was it? that that terrible air what was it? that that terrible air what was it? that that terrible air quality last year for like a couple days quality last year for like a couple days quality last year for like a couple days came from Canada. came from Canada. came from Canada. Brush fires. Brush fires. Brush fires. I don't know. It was a major I don't know. It was a major I don't know. It was a major inconvenience. I was like, we should do inconvenience. I was like, we should do inconvenience. I was like, we should do something back to Canada, right? Don't something back to Canada, right? Don't something back to Canada, right? Don't let them get away with this. let them get away with this. let them get away with this. I had to search all over my apartment I had to search all over my apartment I had to search all over my apartment for a mask looking under old mail inside for a mask looking under old mail inside for a mask looking under old mail inside my couch cushions. I found one. I was my couch cushions. I found one. I was my couch cushions. I found one. I was like like like I was like, I hope this is safer. I was like, I hope this is safer. I was like, I hope this is safer. It was not. I wound up getting CO from It was not. I wound up getting CO from It was not. I wound up getting CO from 2021. I was just chilling in my mask 2021. I was just chilling in my mask 2021. I was just chilling in my mask waiting for the gift back. waiting for the gift back. waiting for the gift back. Soon as I put that mask on, they was Soon as I put that mask on, they was Soon as I put that mask on, they was like, "There you go." I was like, like, "There you go." I was like, like, "There you go." I was like, I was like, "I can't smell." [laughter] I was like, "I can't smell." [laughter] I was like, "I can't smell." [laughter] Not a single Canadian apologize either. Not a single Canadian apologize either. Not a single Canadian apologize either. Didn't hear a single sur. That's like Didn't hear a single sur. That's like Didn't hear a single sur. That's like their favorite thing. their favorite thing. their favorite thing. You got to pay attention to these guys. You got to pay attention to these guys. You got to pay attention to these guys. Something new I started this I I got Something new I started this I I got Something new I started this I I got into uh what started watching more into uh what started watching more into uh what started watching more cooking shows, right? I don't know. It cooking shows, right? I don't know. It cooking shows, right? I don't know. It gave me a different perspective. gave me a different perspective. gave me a different perspective. [clears throat] You call them Hot [clears throat] You call them Hot [clears throat] You call them Hot Pockets. I call it Pizza Wellington. Uh Pockets. I call it Pizza Wellington. Uh Pockets. I call it Pizza Wellington. Uh a little bit on the culture side right a little bit on the culture side right a little bit on the culture side right now. Thank you. now. Thank you. now. Thank you. What else? Got into vision boarding. What else? Got into vision boarding. What else? Got into vision boarding. I thought you guys would applaud. Uh, I thought you guys would applaud. Uh, I thought you guys would applaud. Uh, no, it's fine. It's all good. It's all no, it's fine. It's all good. It's all no, it's fine. It's all good. It's all good. I got into it on my own. I Well, I good. I got into it on my own. I Well, I good. I got into it on my own. I Well, I saw a homie doing it. I was like, that's saw a homie doing it. I was like, that's saw a homie doing it. I was like, that's like adult arts and craft. I can I can like adult arts and craft. I can I can like adult arts and craft. I can I can participate. Uh, only issue is I don't participate. Uh, only issue is I don't participate. Uh, only issue is I don't know how long it takes to have to like know how long it takes to have to like know how long it takes to have to like complete the visions. I keep getting complete the visions. I keep getting complete the visions. I keep getting different responses. Some people say, different responses. Some people say, different responses. Some people say, "Oh, you have a week." I'm like, "That's "Oh, you have a week." I'm like, "That's "Oh, you have a week." I'm like, "That's quick." Some people like, "Oh, you have quick." Some people like, "Oh, you have quick." Some people like, "Oh, you have forever." I'm like, that's way too long. forever." I'm like, that's way too long. forever." I'm like, that's way too long. You're telling me I have until I die to You're telling me I have until I die to You're telling me I have until I die to make it to any beach. All right. make it to any beach. All right. make it to any beach. All right. I don't hate that. I want my I want my I don't hate that. I want my I want my I don't hate that. I want my I want my vision board completed in a timely vision board completed in a timely vision board completed in a timely fashion. At this point, it just looks fashion. At this point, it just looks fashion. At this point, it just looks like a grocery list with cutouts. It's like a grocery list with cutouts. It's like a grocery list with cutouts. It's like Nike socks, deodorant. I even wrote like Nike socks, deodorant. I even wrote like Nike socks, deodorant. I even wrote a note to myself. I was like, "Get a a note to myself. I was like, "Get a a note to myself. I was like, "Get a sandwich named after you at the deli." sandwich named after you at the deli." sandwich named after you at the deli." Right. That's motivation. That's Right. That's motivation. That's Right. That's motivation. That's probably the hardest thing on there. probably the hardest thing on there. probably the hardest thing on there. Just got a letter the other day from the Just got a letter the other day from the Just got a letter the other day from the uh from the IRS. uh from the IRS. uh from the IRS. Well, I got it like a year ago. I just Well, I got it like a year ago. I just Well, I got it like a year ago. I just recently opened it up. [laughter] recently opened it up. [laughter] recently opened it up. [laughter] Didn't even get a chance to read it. Had Didn't even get a chance to read it. Had Didn't even get a chance to read it. Had to throw it right in the garbage. to throw it right in the garbage. to throw it right in the garbage. Was not on the vision board. So, Was not on the vision board. So, Was not on the vision board. So, my hands were tied. Uh [laughter] my hands were tied. Uh [laughter] my hands were tied. Uh [laughter] I tried to open it. I got like a paper I tried to open it. I got like a paper I tried to open it. I got like a paper cut. I was like, "That's the universe." cut. I was like, "That's the universe." cut. I was like, "That's the universe." I [laughter] was like I was like I hear I [laughter] was like I was like I hear I [laughter] was like I was like I hear you buddy. Lost a uh lost a phone recently. Left Lost a uh lost a phone recently. Left Lost a uh lost a phone recently. Left that in the back of a Uber. Tried to that in the back of a Uber. Tried to that in the back of a Uber. Tried to email them to get the phone back. Driver email them to get the phone back. Driver email them to get the phone back. Driver never replied. I assume he found my never replied. I assume he found my never replied. I assume he found my phone. Saw it was an Android and then phone. Saw it was an Android and then phone. Saw it was an Android and then threw it out the window. threw it out the window. threw it out the window. That's funny. Okay. Um That's funny. Okay. Um That's funny. Okay. Um [laughter] it's all good. I got another [laughter] it's all good. I got another [laughter] it's all good. I got another one. So we back. Uh, still requesting one. So we back. Uh, still requesting one. So we back. Uh, still requesting that other charger, right? Nothing that other charger, right? Nothing that other charger, right? Nothing changed. Uh, but I tried to be patient. changed. Uh, but I tried to be patient. changed. Uh, but I tried to be patient. I waited for like a week hoping to get I waited for like a week hoping to get I waited for like a week hoping to get this phone back. Uh, like I said, never this phone back. Uh, like I said, never this phone back. Uh, like I said, never never responded. Uh, which was tough cuz never responded. Uh, which was tough cuz never responded. Uh, which was tough cuz I forgot how hard it was to have to look I forgot how hard it was to have to look I forgot how hard it was to have to look at people in real life. at people in real life. at people in real life. Like it was just that or staring my Like it was just that or staring my Like it was just that or staring my empty hand, which was was a lot of back empty hand, which was was a lot of back empty hand, which was was a lot of back and forth. and forth. and forth. I was like, I don't want to know my I was like, I don't want to know my I was like, I don't want to know my future. started wearing headphones, plugged started wearing headphones, plugged started wearing headphones, plugged right into my pocket, just bobbing my right into my pocket, just bobbing my right into my pocket, just bobbing my head to silence. People thought I was rapping to myself. People thought I was rapping to myself. People thought I was rapping to myself. I was just saying this is BS over and I was just saying this is BS over and I was just saying this is BS over and over under my breath. Did not appreciate that phone. That's Did not appreciate that phone. That's Did not appreciate that phone. That's the problem. I I I took it for granted. the problem. I I I took it for granted. the problem. I I I took it for granted. I played a lot of games. Like I would I played a lot of games. Like I would I played a lot of games. Like I would type in walking directions and then I type in walking directions and then I type in walking directions and then I would just jump in the car just to would just jump in the car just to would just jump in the car just to impress my phone. My phone would just impress my phone. My phone would just impress my phone. My phone would just get confused. Be like, "The How'd you get confused. Be like, "The How'd you get confused. Be like, "The How'd you get here so fast?" I be like, "Whoa, get here so fast?" I be like, "Whoa, get here so fast?" I be like, "Whoa, mind your business. You in my pocket. I mind your business. You in my pocket. I mind your business. You in my pocket. I pay the bill. pay the bill. pay the bill. It's not how this works. You got to It's not how this works. You got to It's not how this works. You got to establish dominance over your phone." establish dominance over your phone." establish dominance over your phone." Let it know that it's not that smart. Let it know that it's not that smart. Let it know that it's not that smart. All right. [laughter] All right. [laughter] All right. [laughter] I give you life. It would auto it would just auto correct It would auto it would just auto correct It would auto it would just auto correct words that already exist, right? It just words that already exist, right? It just words that already exist, right? It just change them, right? Like I would type in change them, right? Like I would type in change them, right? Like I would type in I would type in the word they uh and I would type in the word they uh and I would type in the word they uh and they would just be like thus they would just be like thus they would just be like thus confusing all my homies. They would be confusing all my homies. They would be confusing all my homies. They would be like, "Bro, you taking a creative like, "Bro, you taking a creative like, "Bro, you taking a creative writing class? What's happening? writing class? What's happening? writing class? What's happening? Talk to us. Let us in." Had a homeboy hit me up. He was like, Had a homeboy hit me up. He was like, Had a homeboy hit me up. He was like, "Bro, let's go hit this bar, grab some "Bro, let's go hit this bar, grab some "Bro, let's go hit this bar, grab some drinks." I tried to reply back say I was drinks." I tried to reply back say I was drinks." I tried to reply back say I was broke, but it autocorrected to broken, broke, but it autocorrected to broken, broke, but it autocorrected to broken, which ended that conversation. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> I didn't hear back for weeks. >> I didn't hear back for weeks. >> I didn't hear back for weeks. I understood he probably got the message I understood he probably got the message I understood he probably got the message was like, "I'm broken. was like, "I'm broken. was like, "I'm broken. That's too much unpacking." Probably That's too much unpacking." Probably That's too much unpacking." Probably through the phone. [laughter] We wound up. We got a We got [laughter] We wound up. We got a We got [laughter] We wound up. We got a We got a cat. Uh we didn't get a cat. The house a cat. Uh we didn't get a cat. The house a cat. Uh we didn't get a cat. The house came with a cat. House just We're just came with a cat. House just We're just came with a cat. House just We're just there. There's a cat. Yeah. Was out. We there. There's a cat. Yeah. Was out. We there. There's a cat. Yeah. Was out. We weren't even sure the cat was real at weren't even sure the cat was real at weren't even sure the cat was real at first because it was up. Look at it. first because it was up. Look at it. first because it was up. Look at it. Look, [laughter] Look, [laughter] Look, [laughter] it was some real pet cemetery action. it was some real pet cemetery action. it was some real pet cemetery action. Covered Covered Covered scrub brush and just missing some ear. scrub brush and just missing some ear. scrub brush and just missing some ear. Had like David Bowie eyes, you know. Had like David Bowie eyes, you know. Had like David Bowie eyes, you know. What are you looking at? Everything? What are you looking at? Everything? What are you looking at? Everything? Nothing. What's going on with you? Nothing. What's going on with you? Nothing. What's going on with you? Always just appear from around Always just appear from around Always just appear from around structures at first. just always wanted structures at first. just always wanted structures at first. just always wanted to JUST to JUST to JUST It took us about 6 weeks before we It took us about 6 weeks before we It took us about 6 weeks before we admitted to each other that we saw a admitted to each other that we saw a admitted to each other that we saw a cat. [laughter] cat. [laughter] cat. [laughter] She said at first like, "You see a cat She said at first like, "You see a cat She said at first like, "You see a cat out in there?" I'm like, "You see it, out in there?" I'm like, "You see it, out in there?" I'm like, "You see it, TOO?" ALL RIGHT. THANK GOD. [laughter] I TOO?" ALL RIGHT. THANK GOD. [laughter] I TOO?" ALL RIGHT. THANK GOD. [laughter] I was getting nervous. I thought we had was getting nervous. I thought we had was getting nervous. I thought we had hobgoblins. I don't know. I'm new TO THE hobgoblins. I don't know. I'm new TO THE hobgoblins. I don't know. I'm new TO THE PACIFIC NORTHWEST. I DON'T KNOW WHAT'S PACIFIC NORTHWEST. I DON'T KNOW WHAT'S PACIFIC NORTHWEST. I DON'T KNOW WHAT'S going out there. Everything's [laughter] going out there. Everything's [laughter] going out there. Everything's [laughter] Everything's just fog and ferns. I don't Everything's just fog and ferns. I don't Everything's just fog and ferns. I don't know what's crambling around in right know what's crambling around in right know what's crambling around in right there. there. there. So, the cat seemed like it was like So, the cat seemed like it was like So, the cat seemed like it was like friendly. It wasn't like friendly friendly. It wasn't like friendly friendly. It wasn't like friendly friendly, but it was like hanging around friendly, but it was like hanging around friendly, but it was like hanging around us enough. And so, we're like, well, us enough. And so, we're like, well, us enough. And so, we're like, well, maybe it belongs to somebody. So, we maybe it belongs to somebody. So, we maybe it belongs to somebody. So, we should find out before we start messing should find out before we start messing should find out before we start messing with it or feeding it. So, until we with it or feeding it. So, until we with it or feeding it. So, until we [clears throat] took some pictures of it [clears throat] took some pictures of it [clears throat] took some pictures of it and we went door to door to see if it and we went door to door to see if it and we went door to door to see if it belonged to anybody. Also, probably a belonged to anybody. Also, probably a belonged to anybody. Also, probably a short-sighted idea on our part. short-sighted idea on our part. short-sighted idea on our part. You pandemic global social distance. You pandemic global social distance. You pandemic global social distance. Hey, here's the new childless out of Hey, here's the new childless out of Hey, here's the new childless out of state people going door to door like, state people going door to door like, state people going door to door like, "Is this your cat?" And people like, "Is this your cat?" And people like, "Is this your cat?" And people like, "Get the away from my family." "Get the away from my family." "Get the away from my family." Yeah, you're right. Yeah. [laughter] Yeah, you're right. Yeah. [laughter] Yeah, you're right. Yeah. [laughter] The old guy, one old guy next door The old guy, one old guy next door The old guy, one old guy next door answered the door, but the chain's still answered the door, but the chain's still answered the door, but the chain's still on the door and he was just like, "Oh, on the door and he was just like, "Oh, on the door and he was just like, "Oh, that cat. Yeah, [laughter] that's that cat. Yeah, [laughter] that's that cat. Yeah, [laughter] that's nobody's cat." No. nobody's cat." No. nobody's cat." No. THAT CAT THERE, THAT CAT BELONGED TO THE THAT CAT THERE, THAT CAT BELONGED TO THE THAT CAT THERE, THAT CAT BELONGED TO THE EARTH. [laughter] That cat come up from the soil when the That cat come up from the soil when the That cat come up from the soil when the sun go down sun go down sun go down and just roams amongst the mist just and just roams amongst the mist just and just roams amongst the mist just eating dreams out nightmares. That's eating dreams out nightmares. That's eating dreams out nightmares. That's what they got. Man, just say it's not what they got. Man, just say it's not what they got. Man, just say it's not your cat, old man. All right. I don't I your cat, old man. All right. I don't I your cat, old man. All right. I don't I don't have time for folklore. I got don't have time for folklore. I got don't have time for folklore. I got other neighbors to harass. [laughter] Now, we found out from another neighbor Now, we found out from another neighbor Now, we found out from another neighbor that that cat had actually been like a that that cat had actually been like a that that cat had actually been like a neighborhood stray cat for about 16 neighborhood stray cat for about 16 neighborhood stray cat for about 16 years. That's the how far back they can years. That's the how far back they can years. That's the how far back they can remember. There's a stray cat and for 16 remember. There's a stray cat and for 16 remember. There's a stray cat and for 16 years just been living on the streets of years just been living on the streets of years just been living on the streets of this neighborhood working off of the this neighborhood working off of the this neighborhood working off of the Goodwill of place. So, we're like, "This Goodwill of place. So, we're like, "This Goodwill of place. So, we're like, "This is our cat. We are taking this cat in." is our cat. We are taking this cat in." is our cat. We are taking this cat in." So, we got the cat to come inside. This So, we got the cat to come inside. This So, we got the cat to come inside. This is our [clears throat] cat. We named it. is our [clears throat] cat. We named it. is our [clears throat] cat. We named it. As as much as you can name a cat, let As as much as you can name a cat, let As as much as you can name a cat, let alone one that's been doing its own alone one that's been doing its own alone one that's been doing its own thing for 16 years. It's mostly just for thing for 16 years. It's mostly just for thing for 16 years. It's mostly just for reference between us, you know. So, at reference between us, you know. So, at reference between us, you know. So, at first we were calling it first we were first we were calling it first we were first we were calling it first we were calling it Helen. Uh, we thought it was calling it Helen. Uh, we thought it was calling it Helen. Uh, we thought it was blind and deaf. So, we were calling blind and deaf. So, we were calling blind and deaf. So, we were calling Helen. [laughter] You know what? I didn't name it that. My You know what? I didn't name it that. My You know what? I didn't name it that. My girlfriend named it that. SO, YOU'RE NOT girlfriend named it that. SO, YOU'RE NOT girlfriend named it that. SO, YOU'RE NOT MAD AT ME. YOU'RE MAD AT HER. MAD AT ME. YOU'RE MAD AT HER. MAD AT ME. YOU'RE MAD AT HER. And yeah, I will throw under the bus. And yeah, I will throw under the bus. And yeah, I will throw under the bus. YEAH. YEAH. YEAH. All's fair, babe. She's calling it Helen. I I was calling She's calling it Helen. I I was calling She's calling it Helen. I I was calling it dirt nap. That's why he's called a it dirt nap. That's why he's called a it dirt nap. That's why he's called a cat on account that sleep all the time cat on account that sleep all the time cat on account that sleep all the time and was filthy, but also it looked and was filthy, but also it looked and was filthy, but also it looked deceased more often than not. It looked deceased more often than not. It looked deceased more often than not. It looked that cat looked like it had perished that cat looked like it had perished that cat looked like it had perished many times. Like, oh, cats sleep weird, many times. Like, oh, cats sleep weird, many times. Like, oh, cats sleep weird, but like draped over a curb under a car but like draped over a curb under a car but like draped over a curb under a car tire just with its eyes open looking at tire just with its eyes open looking at tire just with its eyes open looking at nothing. I walked up to with a shovel nothing. I walked up to with a shovel nothing. I walked up to with a shovel more than once. more than once. more than once. It was like, "Well, this is a sad day." It was like, "Well, this is a sad day." It was like, "Well, this is a sad day." And it just run off. I'M LIKE, "OH, LOOK And it just run off. I'M LIKE, "OH, LOOK And it just run off. I'M LIKE, "OH, LOOK AT YOU. [laughter] LOOK AT YOU. YOU LITTLE crisis actor. I LOOK AT YOU. YOU LITTLE crisis actor. I LOOK AT YOU. YOU LITTLE crisis actor. I [laughter] like [laughter] like [laughter] like you got an agenda. I don't know what it you got an agenda. I don't know what it you got an agenda. I don't know what it is. And that that's what I like about is. And that that's what I like about is. And that that's what I like about you. You're mysterious. [laughter] you. You're mysterious. [laughter] you. You're mysterious. [laughter] Little crosseyed ghoul. Yeah. Dirtnap. Little dirty. Little D. Yeah. Dirtnap. Little dirty. Little D. Yeah. Dirtnap. Little dirty. Little D. I'm going be calling her little D for I'm going be calling her little D for I'm going be calling her little D for the rest of the story. Also be referring the rest of the story. Also be referring the rest of the story. Also be referring to as she and her. We thought it was to as she and her. We thought it was to as she and her. We thought it was female cat. turned out as a neutered female cat. turned out as a neutered female cat. turned out as a neutered male, but we didn't find that out until male, but we didn't find that out until male, but we didn't find that out until later. So, so Jenny Nooch for gender later. So, so Jenny Nooch for gender later. So, so Jenny Nooch for gender neutral is the name for some of the neutral is the name for some of the neutral is the name for some of the time. [laughter] time. [laughter] time. [laughter] And then for special occasions, we call And then for special occasions, we call And then for special occasions, we call her Miss America. [laughter] her Miss America. [laughter] her Miss America. [laughter] And by special occasions, just when you And by special occasions, just when you And by special occasions, just when you could say something truthful that may could say something truthful that may could say something truthful that may like mean it's more funny when you could like mean it's more funny when you could like mean it's more funny when you could be like, "Man, Miss America on the couch be like, "Man, Miss America on the couch be like, "Man, Miss America on the couch again." [laughter] again." [laughter] again." [laughter] And if you can time that out, right, for And if you can time that out, right, for And if you can time that out, right, for when like a new mom is walking by an when like a new mom is walking by an when like a new mom is walking by an open window, [laughter] open window, [laughter] open window, [laughter] just they're already against us, so just they're already against us, so just they're already against us, so maybe as well just feed him. maybe as well just feed him. maybe as well just feed him. What are they doing to that future What are they doing to that future What are they doing to that future beauty queen in there? [laughter] We got this cat and we we brought it in. We got this cat and we we brought it in. We got this cat and we we brought it in. We're like, how we're going to give this We're like, how we're going to give this We're like, how we're going to give this thing the best sunset years we can give thing the best sunset years we can give thing the best sunset years we can give it. You know, we're going to pamper it. it. You know, we're going to pamper it. it. You know, we're going to pamper it. Uh first we took it to the vet, make Uh first we took it to the vet, make Uh first we took it to the vet, make sure it's all dialed in. We took it to sure it's all dialed in. We took it to sure it's all dialed in. We took it to the vet and vet right away the vet was the vet and vet right away the vet was the vet and vet right away the vet was just like, "Oh, it's got a thyroid just like, "Oh, it's got a thyroid just like, "Oh, it's got a thyroid issue. It's thyroid. It's got bad issue. It's thyroid. It's got bad issue. It's thyroid. It's got bad thyroid. It's got to be on a special thyroid. It's got to be on a special thyroid. It's got to be on a special diet. Very special. That's a diet. Very special. That's a diet. Very special. That's a prescription diet." There's prescription prescription diet." There's prescription prescription diet." There's prescription cat food out there. Why? cat food out there. Why? cat food out there. Why? Who's trying to get the cat food? That's Who's trying to get the cat food? That's Who's trying to get the cat food? That's not Okay, man. Man, hook me up. Hook me not Okay, man. Man, hook me up. Hook me not Okay, man. Man, hook me up. Hook me up with that Hills prescription, man. up with that Hills prescription, man. up with that Hills prescription, man. like five cats in a trench coat rolling like five cats in a trench coat rolling like five cats in a trench coat rolling in like, [laughter] in like, [laughter] in like, [laughter] "Hello, we're here to pick up for Mr. "Hello, we're here to pick up for Mr. "Hello, we're here to pick up for Mr. Meowser." Trying to MAKE THAT CAT MESS, DOG. COME Trying to MAKE THAT CAT MESS, DOG. COME Trying to MAKE THAT CAT MESS, DOG. COME ON, MAN. COME ON. [laughter] ON, MAN. COME ON. [laughter] ON, MAN. COME ON. [laughter] It's a prescription. It's a prescription. It's a prescription. You can only get it from me. It's $70 a You can only get it from me. It's $70 a You can only get it from me. It's $70 a bag. I'm like, "All right." You know bag. I'm like, "All right." You know bag. I'm like, "All right." You know what, man? Oo, I know it was middle what, man? Oo, I know it was middle what, man? Oo, I know it was middle pandemic and I was all about the doctors pandemic and I was all about the doctors pandemic and I was all about the doctors and the scientists, but the and the scientists, but the and the scientists, but the veterinarians I I veterinarians I I veterinarians I I just think some of them, they know they just think some of them, they know they just think some of them, they know they got that giant gray area of your lack of got that giant gray area of your lack of got that giant gray area of your lack of knowledge that they can abuse about the knowledge that they can abuse about the knowledge that they can abuse about the animal king. Like you go if YOU GO TO A animal king. Like you go if YOU GO TO A animal king. Like you go if YOU GO TO A doctor and you're like, "My ankle doctor and you're like, "My ankle doctor and you're like, "My ankle hurts." And they're like, "Be an ear hurts." And they're like, "Be an ear hurts." And they're like, "Be an ear infection." You're like, "Well, you're infection." You're like, "Well, you're infection." You're like, "Well, you're bad at your job." But bad at your job." But bad at your job." But but you go to veterinarian with this but you go to veterinarian with this but you go to veterinarian with this this animal that you love but can't this animal that you love but can't this animal that you love but can't communicate with and you're like, "Oh, communicate with and you're like, "Oh, communicate with and you're like, "Oh, what's wrong with my best friend, my what's wrong with my best friend, my what's wrong with my best friend, my little guy here?" They could just say little guy here?" They could just say little guy here?" They could just say anything like it's the alternator. And anything like it's the alternator. And anything like it's the alternator. And you're just like, "Yeah, I guess." you're just like, "Yeah, I guess." you're just like, "Yeah, I guess." You know what? That makes sense cuz his You know what? That makes sense cuz his You know what? That makes sense cuz his eyes were dimming in the morning. His eyes were dimming in the morning. His eyes were dimming in the morning. His eyes are dimming. eyes are dimming. eyes are dimming. That's a 2003 calico with a lot of That's a 2003 calico with a lot of That's a 2003 calico with a lot of miles. [laughter] Those are city miles. miles. [laughter] Those are city miles. miles. [laughter] Those are city miles. I I thought the timing belt was going to I I thought the timing belt was going to I I thought the timing belt was going to go first, but Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. go first, but Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. go first, but Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. What are we running on That makes sense. What are we running on That makes sense. What are we running on those? Huh? 1,500. No. Okay. [laughter] those? Huh? 1,500. No. Okay. [laughter] those? Huh? 1,500. No. Okay. [laughter] That That's with labor. All right. Yeah. That That's with labor. All right. Yeah. That That's with labor. All right. Yeah. Hey, listen. Hey, real quick on the Hey, listen. Hey, real quick on the Hey, listen. Hey, real quick on the side. Say we do this in cash. You got side. Say we do this in cash. You got side. Say we do this in cash. You got like a similar model out back that like a similar model out back that like a similar model out back that like you can part out or ethical reason. like you can part out or ethical reason. like you can part out or ethical reason. Sure. No. Say no more. Say no more. Sure. No. Say no more. Say no more. Sure. No. Say no more. Say no more. [laughter] NO. NOBODY'S FRANKENSTEIN [laughter] NO. NOBODY'S FRANKENSTEIN [laughter] NO. NOBODY'S FRANKENSTEIN HERE. NOBODY'S FRANKENSTEIN. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> SO, you just got to believe him, you >> SO, you just got to believe him, you >> SO, you just got to believe him, you know. So, so I come home with a $70 bag know. So, so I come home with a $70 bag know. So, so I come home with a $70 bag of [\h__\h] one day. [laughter] I open the door. I can see out to the I open the door. I can see out to the I open the door. I can see out to the patio. Little D's outside. She's playing patio. Little D's outside. She's playing patio. Little D's outside. She's playing with a bird. Playing. Bird's dead. with a bird. Playing. Bird's dead. with a bird. Playing. Bird's dead. Bird's dead. [laughter] Bird's dead. [laughter] Bird's dead. [laughter] She's just slapping it against the She's just slapping it against the She's just slapping it against the house. That's house. That's house. That's playing's also a real gen generous term playing's also a real gen generous term playing's also a real gen generous term to describe. She is playing the same way to describe. She is playing the same way to describe. She is playing the same way like inmates play handball. It's not for like inmates play handball. It's not for like inmates play handball. It's not for fun, you know? It's that's just fun, you know? It's that's just fun, you know? It's that's just maintenance in case goes down. That's maintenance in case goes down. That's maintenance in case goes down. That's all. The only thing missing from little all. The only thing missing from little all. The only thing missing from little D at that point was like a cigarette D at that point was like a cigarette D at that point was like a cigarette behind her good ear and a teardrop behind her good ear and a teardrop behind her good ear and a teardrop tattoo [laughter] just bitching about tattoo [laughter] just bitching about tattoo [laughter] just bitching about not making parole. Like they got ME not making parole. Like they got ME not making parole. Like they got ME DOING THE FULL 12, MAN. OO. If I get out DOING THE FULL 12, MAN. OO. If I get out DOING THE FULL 12, MAN. OO. If I get out of here and see that judge, you're going of here and see that judge, you're going of here and see that judge, you're going to see me right back in here. [laughter] to see me right back in here. [laughter] to see me right back in here. [laughter] And I could tell it was a fresh it was a And I could tell it was a fresh it was a And I could tell it was a fresh it was a fresh kill cuz she was about 6 feet out fresh kill cuz she was about 6 feet out fresh kill cuz she was about 6 feet out and getting a good return on her. and getting a good return on her. and getting a good return on her. >> [laughter] >> So I come in with this food just shaking >> So I come in with this food just shaking >> So I come in with this food just shaking it LIKE LITTLE D GOING TO SAVE YOUR it LIKE LITTLE D GOING TO SAVE YOUR it LIKE LITTLE D GOING TO SAVE YOUR LIFE. LOOK AT THIS. And she looks up cuz LIFE. LOOK AT THIS. And she looks up cuz LIFE. LOOK AT THIS. And she looks up cuz she can hear. It's selective but she can she can hear. It's selective but she can she can hear. It's selective but she can hear. [laughter] hear. [laughter] hear. [laughter] And she she looks up. She knows it's And she she looks up. She knows it's And she she looks up. She knows it's food. She like she looks at the food and food. She like she looks at the food and food. She like she looks at the food and then she looks at me and just puts it then she looks at me and just puts it then she looks at me and just puts it together. She's like she's like, "Oh, together. She's like she's like, "Oh, together. She's like she's like, "Oh, you're going to want me to eat that? you're going to want me to eat that? you're going to want me to eat that? Watch this." And then she just ate the Watch this." And then she just ate the Watch this." And then she just ate the bird [laughter] just bird [laughter] just bird [laughter] just like at me like maintained eye contact like at me like maintained eye contact like at me like maintained eye contact but ate the bird. And I know cats eat but ate the bird. And I know cats eat but ate the bird. And I know cats eat birds but I was not ready. [laughter] birds but I was not ready. [laughter] birds but I was not ready. [laughter] Like I assumed it was going to be messy Like I assumed it was going to be messy Like I assumed it was going to be messy but with strategy. That's what I but with strategy. That's what I but with strategy. That's what I thought. Like it's a whole bird. I thought. Like it's a whole bird. I thought. Like it's a whole bird. I thought it was going to be like brutal thought it was going to be like brutal thought it was going to be like brutal but you know with technique getting to but you know with technique getting to but you know with technique getting to the soft part. Like the same way like the soft part. Like the same way like the soft part. Like the same way like we've all had that night where we get we've all had that night where we get we've all had that night where we get just get a rotisserie chicken just for just get a rotisserie chicken just for just get a rotisserie chicken just for yourself. [laughter] Those nights YOU GET HOME LIKE CLOSE THE Those nights YOU GET HOME LIKE CLOSE THE Those nights YOU GET HOME LIKE CLOSE THE BLINDS AND GOING ELBOWS DEEP ON THIS BLINDS AND GOING ELBOWS DEEP ON THIS BLINDS AND GOING ELBOWS DEEP ON THIS [\h__\h] LIKE THOSE. [\h__\h] LIKE THOSE. [\h__\h] LIKE THOSE. That's what I thought I would have seen. That's what I thought I would have seen. That's what I thought I would have seen. WHAT I SAW AND was not prepared for was WHAT I SAW AND was not prepared for was WHAT I SAW AND was not prepared for was the full-on David Blaine street magic the full-on David Blaine street magic the full-on David Blaine street magic [laughter] disappearing act that she did [laughter] disappearing act that she did [laughter] disappearing act that she did on this bird. just on this bird. just on this bird. just entire thing disappear. One forest gump entire thing disappear. One forest gump entire thing disappear. One forest gump feather just floating down feather just floating down feather just floating down for a fact. Still looking at me like for a fact. Still looking at me like for a fact. Still looking at me like what did you what did it is it IN MY what did you what did it is it IN MY what did you what did it is it IN MY POCKET? OH MY GOD. POCKET? OH MY GOD. POCKET? OH MY GOD. Is it just GOING TO BE ALIVE OVER HERE? Is it just GOING TO BE ALIVE OVER HERE? Is it just GOING TO BE ALIVE OVER HERE? THAT IS [laughter] WHAT YOU did is THAT IS [laughter] WHAT YOU did is THAT IS [laughter] WHAT YOU did is something I got to call this vet back. something I got to call this vet back. something I got to call this vet back. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> I rag him up right then and there like, >> I rag him up right then and there like, >> I rag him up right then and there like, "Yeah, hey doc, [gasps] I don't know if "Yeah, hey doc, [gasps] I don't know if "Yeah, hey doc, [gasps] I don't know if you got a plan B for this whole thyroid you got a plan B for this whole thyroid you got a plan B for this whole thyroid thing, but Lil Deep been out in these thing, but Lil Deep been out in these thing, but Lil Deep been out in these streets just consuming her own enemies streets just consuming her own enemies streets just consuming her own enemies for the better part of a decade and a for the better part of a decade and a for the better part of a decade and a half. So if you got some alternatives, half. So if you got some alternatives, half. So if you got some alternatives, I'm all ears right now." And that's when I'm all ears right now." And that's when I'm all ears right now." And that's when the vet on the phone, he's like, "Oh, the vet on the phone, he's like, "Oh, the vet on the phone, he's like, "Oh, Joel, chicken baby food's totally Joel, chicken baby food's totally Joel, chicken baby food's totally acceptable for a thyroid issue, too. You acceptable for a thyroid issue, too. You acceptable for a thyroid issue, too. You can feed her chicken baby food." "Oh, can feed her chicken baby food." "Oh, can feed her chicken baby food." "Oh, chicken baby food. Oh, the that's 50 chicken baby food. Oh, the that's 50 chicken baby food. Oh, the that's 50 cents a jar. You could have led with cents a jar. You could have led with cents a jar. You could have led with that, you [\h__\h] quack. So that, you [\h__\h] quack. So that, you [\h__\h] quack. So that's my life now. When I'm not on the that's my life now. When I'm not on the that's my life now. When I'm not on the road, I'm just buying racks of chicken road, I'm just buying racks of chicken road, I'm just buying racks of chicken baby food. I'm just buy full just cases baby food. I'm just buy full just cases baby food. I'm just buy full just cases of chicken baby food. And every morning of chicken baby food. And every morning of chicken baby food. And every morning that I'm at home, I got to wake up and I that I'm at home, I got to wake up and I that I'm at home, I got to wake up and I got to heat up a little jar of chicken got to heat up a little jar of chicken got to heat up a little jar of chicken baby food cuz now that we're an indoor baby food cuz now that we're an indoor baby food cuz now that we're an indoor cat, we got particular about cat, we got particular about cat, we got particular about temperature. So I got to heat up this temperature. So I got to heat up this temperature. So I got to heat up this little jar of chicken baby food and I little jar of chicken baby food and I little jar of chicken baby food and I throw up through my nose a little bit throw up through my nose a little bit throw up through my nose a little bit just [laughter] When we feed this to our HUMAN BABIES, When we feed this to our HUMAN BABIES, When we feed this to our HUMAN BABIES, YOU WOMEN ARE SAVAGES. YOU WOMEN ARE SAVAGES. YOU WOMEN ARE SAVAGES. I do that and then I go and then I clean I do that and then I go and then I clean I do that and then I go and then I clean out the litter pan cuz these are the out the litter pan cuz these are the out the litter pan cuz these are the things you have to do when you let things you have to do when you let things you have to do when you let vermin live in your house. I go and I vermin live in your house. I go and I vermin live in your house. I go and I just and to get through the litter pan just and to get through the litter pan just and to get through the litter pan part, I just squat over it and pretend part, I just squat over it and pretend part, I just squat over it and pretend that I'm just an optimistic prospector that I'm just an optimistic prospector that I'm just an optimistic prospector and this is my lucky day cuz it's the and this is my lucky day cuz it's the and this is my lucky day cuz it's the only way to get through sifting through only way to get through sifting through only way to get through sifting through that is to sit there and BE LIKE, "OH, I that is to sit there and BE LIKE, "OH, I that is to sit there and BE LIKE, "OH, I GOT A GOOD FEELING." THAT'S A BIG ONE. GOT A GOOD FEELING." THAT'S A BIG ONE. GOT A GOOD FEELING." THAT'S A BIG ONE. THAT ONE'S PURE GOLD. ME AND MA DON'T THAT ONE'S PURE GOLD. ME AND MA DON'T THAT ONE'S PURE GOLD. ME AND MA DON'T HAVE TO live on the front. That's a HAVE TO live on the front. That's a HAVE TO live on the front. That's a poop. Okay. ALL RIGHT. OH, LOOK AT THIS poop. Okay. ALL RIGHT. OH, LOOK AT THIS poop. Okay. ALL RIGHT. OH, LOOK AT THIS ONE COMING DOWNSTREAM. WOO! BOY, I take ONE COMING DOWNSTREAM. WOO! BOY, I take ONE COMING DOWNSTREAM. WOO! BOY, I take that to the bank. I buy the bank with that to the bank. I buy the bank with that to the bank. I buy the bank with that. That That's just a piss fritter. that. That That's just a piss fritter. that. That That's just a piss fritter. All right. Well, THIRD TIME'S A CHARM. All right. Well, THIRD TIME'S A CHARM. All right. Well, THIRD TIME'S A CHARM. I'LL TAKE SILVER AT THIS POINT. Anything I'LL TAKE SILVER AT THIS POINT. Anything I'LL TAKE SILVER AT THIS POINT. Anything to get me out of the dusty old wet, to get me out of the dusty old wet, to get me out of the dusty old wet, that's a poop, too. I think this CREEK that's a poop, too. I think this CREEK that's a poop, too. I think this CREEK DONE RUN DRY. That's [laughter] DONE RUN DRY. That's [laughter] DONE RUN DRY. That's [laughter] That's just a fun thing to do for me. That's just a fun thing to do for me. That's just a fun thing to do for me. [applause] Cuz you got to be creative [applause] Cuz you got to be creative [applause] Cuz you got to be creative with your chores. with your chores. with your chores. You know, mothers are truly incredible. You know, mothers are truly incredible. You know, mothers are truly incredible. She's on top of everything before it's She's on top of everything before it's She's on top of everything before it's ever problem. She told me this. She's ever problem. She told me this. She's ever problem. She told me this. She's like, "I got this app. I want to be like, "I got this app. I want to be like, "I got this app. I want to be ready when her boys start using a ready when her boys start using a ready when her boys start using a computer." I'm like, "They're 9 months computer." I'm like, "They're 9 months computer." I'm like, "They're 9 months old and 3 years old. Do we need this? old and 3 years old. Do we need this? old and 3 years old. Do we need this? She's like, we need this. She's like, She's like, we need this. She's like, She's like, we need this. She's like, this app will let us know any website this app will let us know any website this app will let us know any website they visit, even if they delete they visit, even if they delete they visit, even if they delete something in their search history. I'm something in their search history. I'm something in their search history. I'm like, do we need this? like, do we need this? like, do we need this? She pushes a button, up pops up a bunch She pushes a button, up pops up a bunch She pushes a button, up pops up a bunch of adult sites recently visited on her of adult sites recently visited on her of adult sites recently visited on her home computer. home computer. home computer. And my wife was mad, [laughter] very And my wife was mad, [laughter] very And my wife was mad, [laughter] very mad. mad. mad. And I was like, let me talk to them. And I was like, let me talk to them. And I was like, let me talk to them. These kids are disgusting. [laughter] I miss sarcasm. I feel like people on I miss sarcasm. I feel like people on I miss sarcasm. I feel like people on the East Coast are a lot more sarcastic the East Coast are a lot more sarcastic the East Coast are a lot more sarcastic than they are around here. You guys have than they are around here. You guys have than they are around here. You guys have a good sense of humor, but it's not the a good sense of humor, but it's not the a good sense of humor, but it's not the same. Um, I get little I look for it in same. Um, I get little I look for it in same. Um, I get little I look for it in people. I remember when we were moving people. I remember when we were moving people. I remember when we were moving out of our last apartment into our new out of our last apartment into our new out of our last apartment into our new apartment. My wife uh goes to the apartment. My wife uh goes to the apartment. My wife uh goes to the movers, which are just three giant movers, which are just three giant movers, which are just three giant Russian guys. She goes, "We need to be Russian guys. She goes, "We need to be Russian guys. She goes, "We need to be out of this place and into our new place out of this place and into our new place out of this place and into our new place in 3 hours. Could we do that? What do in 3 hours. Could we do that? What do in 3 hours. Could we do that? What do you think about that? That's how much you think about that? That's how much you think about that? That's how much money we have." And one of the Russian guys goes to the And one of the Russian guys goes to the And one of the Russian guys goes to the other Russian guy. He goes, "3 hours? other Russian guy. He goes, "3 hours? other Russian guy. He goes, "3 hours? Maybe if magic happens." Maybe if magic happens." Maybe if magic happens." And I was like, "Good. That is good." And I was like, "Good. That is good." And I was like, "Good. That is good." I love knowing that that guy has like I love knowing that that guy has like I love knowing that that guy has like maybe like six phrases maybe like six phrases maybe like six phrases in his back pocket to survive in a new in his back pocket to survive in a new in his back pocket to survive in a new country and one of them is [laughter] country and one of them is [laughter] country and one of them is [laughter] maybe if magic were to happen. maybe if magic were to happen. maybe if magic were to happen. You know, a big thing a lot of people You know, a big thing a lot of people You know, a big thing a lot of people are looking for is how to get out of are looking for is how to get out of are looking for is how to get out of jury duty. Uh I figured out what works jury duty. Uh I figured out what works jury duty. Uh I figured out what works for me. Just be myself. for me. Just be myself. for me. Just be myself. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Let's just be honest. >> Let's just be honest. >> Let's just be honest. Got called in for jury duty years ago Got called in for jury duty years ago Got called in for jury duty years ago down in Los Angeles and I was uh down in Los Angeles and I was uh down in Los Angeles and I was uh frustrated because I had a bunch of tour frustrated because I had a bunch of tour frustrated because I had a bunch of tour dates. I was going to miss them. You dates. I was going to miss them. You dates. I was going to miss them. You know, the trial would have been long. know, the trial would have been long. know, the trial would have been long. So, I sent in a little letter asking to So, I sent in a little letter asking to So, I sent in a little letter asking to be dismissed and they didn't care and be dismissed and they didn't care and be dismissed and they didn't care and they made me come in there. So, I'm they made me come in there. So, I'm they made me come in there. So, I'm pretty irritated when I get there. I'm pretty irritated when I get there. I'm pretty irritated when I get there. I'm worried about getting stuck on this worried about getting stuck on this worried about getting stuck on this long, you know, trial. Uh had nothing to long, you know, trial. Uh had nothing to long, you know, trial. Uh had nothing to worry about. Turns out all I had to do worry about. Turns out all I had to do worry about. Turns out all I had to do is just, you know, be myself, honestly, is just, you know, be myself, honestly, is just, you know, be myself, honestly, answer their questions. And they wanted answer their questions. And they wanted answer their questions. And they wanted nothing to do with me. nothing to do with me. nothing to do with me. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> When I got there, I figured out you can >> When I got there, I figured out you can >> When I got there, I figured out you can ask for another form to be dismissed. ask for another form to be dismissed. ask for another form to be dismissed. And the last question on that form is And the last question on that form is And the last question on that form is super direct. It just says, "Do you super direct. It just says, "Do you super direct. It just says, "Do you think you would make a fair juror?" And think you would make a fair juror?" And think you would make a fair juror?" And I was just honest. And I wrote, "No, I was just honest. And I wrote, "No, I was just honest. And I wrote, "No, [laughter] I'm a comic. I get paid to [laughter] I'm a comic. I get paid to [laughter] I'm a comic. I get paid to make quick judgments and stick to them. make quick judgments and stick to them. make quick judgments and stick to them. That's probably what I'm going to do in That's probably what I'm going to do in That's probably what I'm going to do in your court." [laughter] your court." [laughter] your court." [laughter] Which is kind of true. Yeah. I kind of Which is kind of true. Yeah. I kind of Which is kind of true. Yeah. I kind of trust my gut. And I thought that would trust my gut. And I thought that would trust my gut. And I thought that would get me dismissed. No, it didn't. get me dismissed. No, it didn't. get me dismissed. No, it didn't. [laughter] You know, the uh I get stuck [laughter] You know, the uh I get stuck [laughter] You know, the uh I get stuck in a little jury selection pool. Now, in a little jury selection pool. Now, in a little jury selection pool. Now, the defense attorney is asking me the defense attorney is asking me the defense attorney is asking me questions in front of the defendant, questions in front of the defendant, questions in front of the defendant, which is always awkward that he's in the which is always awkward that he's in the which is always awkward that he's in the room. We're just talking about him like room. We're just talking about him like room. We're just talking about him like he's not there. [laughter] Uh, and the he's not there. [laughter] Uh, and the he's not there. [laughter] Uh, and the judge told us this guy had just served judge told us this guy had just served judge told us this guy had just served uh, you know, four years for the uh, you know, four years for the uh, you know, four years for the attempted murder. He's just been attempted murder. He's just been attempted murder. He's just been released for uh, the attempted murder of released for uh, the attempted murder of released for uh, the attempted murder of a rival gang member. Now he's being a rival gang member. Now he's being a rival gang member. Now he's being charged with murdering a different rival charged with murdering a different rival charged with murdering a different rival gang member. So, in my head, I'm like, gang member. So, in my head, I'm like, gang member. So, in my head, I'm like, great, I'm in a room with somebody. great, I'm in a room with somebody. great, I'm in a room with somebody. Definitely getting better at murder. Definitely getting better at murder. Definitely getting better at murder. And I thought that cuz when I saw him, I And I thought that cuz when I saw him, I And I thought that cuz when I saw him, I thought, "Yeah, he did it." [laughter] thought, "Yeah, he did it." [laughter] thought, "Yeah, he did it." [laughter] For sure. That's a murderer right there. For sure. That's a murderer right there. For sure. That's a murderer right there. I thought he was guilty the second I saw I thought he was guilty the second I saw I thought he was guilty the second I saw him. him. him. I still do to this day. I still do to this day. I still do to this day. And I'll tell you why. He had a lot of And I'll tell you why. He had a lot of And I'll tell you why. He had a lot of gang tattoos covered about half his gang tattoos covered about half his gang tattoos covered about half his face. [laughter] Face. That's a face. [laughter] Face. That's a face. [laughter] Face. That's a commitment commitment commitment to have gang tattoos. Not just tattoos. to have gang tattoos. Not just tattoos. to have gang tattoos. Not just tattoos. Gang tattoos. Probably half. Half his Gang tattoos. Probably half. Half his Gang tattoos. Probably half. Half his face covered in gang tattoos. And look, face covered in gang tattoos. And look, face covered in gang tattoos. And look, I do realize having gang tattoos all I do realize having gang tattoos all I do realize having gang tattoos all over your face does not make you a over your face does not make you a over your face does not make you a murderer, murderer, murderer, unless you're charged with murder, unless you're charged with murder, unless you're charged with murder, then it absolutely probably does. then it absolutely probably does. then it absolutely probably does. The defense attorney, he read my answer The defense attorney, he read my answer The defense attorney, he read my answer to that last question about, you know, to that last question about, you know, to that last question about, you know, making quick judgments, and I wrote that making quick judgments, and I wrote that making quick judgments, and I wrote that as a comic, so I think he thought I was as a comic, so I think he thought I was as a comic, so I think he thought I was joking. And he goes, "Have you made any joking. And he goes, "Have you made any joking. And he goes, "Have you made any judgments here so far?" And I was not judgments here so far?" And I was not judgments here so far?" And I was not joking. And I go, "Yeah. joking. And I go, "Yeah. joking. And I go, "Yeah. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> I think he did it. >> I think he did it. >> I think he did it. It was so uncomfortable. I had to point It was so uncomfortable. I had to point It was so uncomfortable. I had to point at him as he stared back at me at him as he stared back at me at him as he stared back at me with his tattoo murder face, probably with his tattoo murder face, probably with his tattoo murder face, probably memorizing features. memorizing features. memorizing features. And he says, "You can't know that. And he says, "You can't know that. And he says, "You can't know that. You've heard literally no evidence." You've heard literally no evidence." You've heard literally no evidence." And I just said, "Look at his face. And I just said, "Look at his face. And I just said, "Look at his face. Everybody thinks he did it. [laughter] Everybody thinks he did it. [laughter] Everybody thinks he did it. [laughter] And when I said that, I heard some And when I said that, I heard some And when I said that, I heard some snickering from the other potential snickering from the other potential snickering from the other potential jurors. jurors. jurors. I looked over. I carried at least two I looked over. I carried at least two I looked over. I carried at least two little sneaky thumbs up. [laughter] little sneaky thumbs up. [laughter] little sneaky thumbs up. [laughter] They wanted to show their support, but They wanted to show their support, but They wanted to show their support, but not get in trouble with the judge. not get in trouble with the judge. not get in trouble with the judge. I had a hot crowd, I was killing in the I had a hot crowd, I was killing in the I had a hot crowd, I was killing in the courtroom. [laughter] courtroom. [laughter] courtroom. [laughter] I wanted to put on a good show. And he says, "If the police or if the And he says, "If the police or if the And he says, "If the police or if the prosecution doesn't provide enough prosecution doesn't provide enough prosecution doesn't provide enough evidence to prove him guilty beyond a evidence to prove him guilty beyond a evidence to prove him guilty beyond a reasonable doubt, you have to find him reasonable doubt, you have to find him reasonable doubt, you have to find him not guilty." That's his words. You have not guilty." That's his words. You have not guilty." That's his words. You have to. And I just said, to. And I just said, to. And I just said, >> "No, I don't. [laughter] >> "No, I don't. [laughter] >> "No, I don't. [laughter] I don't have to. I don't have to. I don't have to. I make bad decisions all the time. I make bad decisions all the time. I make bad decisions all the time. I can make one here." [laughter] I can make one here." [laughter] I can make one here." [laughter] And he said that would be illegal and I And he said that would be illegal and I And he said that would be illegal and I got nervous got nervous got nervous cuz I watch a lot of crime shows, but I cuz I watch a lot of crime shows, but I cuz I watch a lot of crime shows, but I still don't fully understand what still don't fully understand what still don't fully understand what contempt of court means. [laughter] contempt of court means. [laughter] contempt of court means. [laughter] But I felt like I was treading in that But I felt like I was treading in that But I felt like I was treading in that direction. direction. direction. Then I thought, well, you've come this Then I thought, well, you've come this Then I thought, well, you've come this far. Let's write it out. [laughter] far. Let's write it out. [laughter] far. Let's write it out. [laughter] I was like, I don't know, maybe it is I was like, I don't know, maybe it is I was like, I don't know, maybe it is illegal. You're a lawyer. You know the illegal. You're a lawyer. You know the illegal. You're a lawyer. You know the law better than I do. But I'll tell you law better than I do. But I'll tell you law better than I do. But I'll tell you this, just like bad decisions, I do this, just like bad decisions, I do this, just like bad decisions, I do illegal stuff all the time, and I illegal stuff all the time, and I illegal stuff all the time, and I usually get away with it. [laughter] usually get away with it. [laughter] usually get away with it. [laughter] I was texting about how much I didn't I was texting about how much I didn't I was texting about how much I didn't want to be here the whole time I drove want to be here the whole time I drove want to be here the whole time I drove here today, and no one pulled me over, here today, and no one pulled me over, here today, and no one pulled me over, did they? [laughter] And he just shook did they? [laughter] And he just shook did they? [laughter] And he just shook his head, talked to the judge, and two his head, talked to the judge, and two his head, talked to the judge, and two minutes later, I was walking in my car, minutes later, I was walking in my car, minutes later, I was walking in my car, a free man. >> [applause] >> THE truth is every frame. >> THE truth is every frame. >> THE truth is every frame. >> I can't tell ages anymore. I really >> I can't tell ages anymore. I really >> I can't tell ages anymore. I really can't. Like I have friends in their can't. Like I have friends in their can't. Like I have friends in their early 20s and I also have a puppy early 20s and I also have a puppy early 20s and I also have a puppy and yeah, I can't tell them apart. Uh, and yeah, I can't tell them apart. Uh, and yeah, I can't tell them apart. Uh, right. All I see are these energetic right. All I see are these energetic right. All I see are these energetic beings running around trying to show beings running around trying to show beings running around trying to show strangers their tummies. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> All right. Either way, they're all out >> All right. Either way, they're all out >> All right. Either way, they're all out on the couch. So, >> look, I know it's tough to tell what age >> look, I know it's tough to tell what age >> look, I know it's tough to tell what age I am. Uh cuz puberty let me down. I am. Uh cuz puberty let me down. I am. Uh cuz puberty let me down. I can't wear a backpack I can't wear a backpack I can't wear a backpack in public. People think I'm running away in public. People think I'm running away in public. People think I'm running away from home. [laughter] I know some of you are like, I don't I know some of you are like, I don't I know some of you are like, I don't know, that hairline's moving up. know, that hairline's moving up. know, that hairline's moving up. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> And it's like, well, I make the barber >> And it's like, well, I make the barber >> And it's like, well, I make the barber do that. Um, do that. Um, do that. Um, make them do it. Go in. They're like, make them do it. Go in. They're like, make them do it. Go in. They're like, where do you want your hairline? Where where do you want your hairline? Where where do you want your hairline? Where it naturally is. Here. I'm like, no, no. it naturally is. Here. I'm like, no, no. it naturally is. Here. I'm like, no, no. I want to be relatable. [laughter] I try to take care of myself, you know. I try to take care of myself, you know. I try to take care of myself, you know. I try to take care of my skin, you know, I try to take care of my skin, you know, I try to take care of my skin, you know, but I got a sunburn recently, which is but I got a sunburn recently, which is but I got a sunburn recently, which is so frustrating, right? I mean, as a so frustrating, right? I mean, as a so frustrating, right? I mean, as a white person, right? Because we hate white person, right? Because we hate white person, right? Because we hate accountability. But for a week I had to be like, "Okay, But for a week I had to be like, "Okay, But for a week I had to be like, "Okay, this is my fault. Everything else, no looks important, you know. I mean, looks important, you know. I mean, looks important, you know. I mean, people love to tell me what I look like people love to tell me what I look like people love to tell me what I look like a lot uh because of the mirror a lot uh because of the mirror a lot uh because of the mirror shortage." shortage." shortage." And I got a fun one recently actually. I And I got a fun one recently actually. I And I got a fun one recently actually. I was just walking around in New York and was just walking around in New York and was just walking around in New York and a man saw me and he just said, "Not a man saw me and he just said, "Not a man saw me and he just said, "Not another Spider-Man, right?" I had to be like, "No promises." right?" I had to be like, "No promises." right?" I had to be like, "No promises." You know, it's actually kind of hard for You know, it's actually kind of hard for You know, it's actually kind of hard for me not to be Spider-Man. [laughter] me not to be Spider-Man. [laughter] The one that I get most of the time The one that I get most of the time The one that I get most of the time though that people say to me is they'll though that people say to me is they'll though that people say to me is they'll be like, "You know what, man? [snorts] be like, "You know what, man? [snorts] be like, "You know what, man? [snorts] You look like you could be from right You look like you could be from right You look like you could be from right out of the 50s." out of the 50s." out of the 50s." Yeah. It's like cuz I'm a person Yeah. It's like cuz I'm a person Yeah. It's like cuz I'm a person and there were people in the 50s. Anyone and there were people in the 50s. Anyone and there were people in the 50s. Anyone could be from the 50s. I feel like what could be from the 50s. I feel like what could be from the 50s. I feel like what people say is like, "Yeah, but you look people say is like, "Yeah, but you look people say is like, "Yeah, but you look like you would have enjoyed the 50." like you would have enjoyed the 50." like you would have enjoyed the 50." Like inadvertently. I feel like people Like inadvertently. I feel like people Like inadvertently. I feel like people are saying like, "Your face reminds me are saying like, "Your face reminds me are saying like, "Your face reminds me of the patriarchy at its best, right? of the patriarchy at its best, right? of the patriarchy at its best, right? Cuz you got that face of white privilege Cuz you got that face of white privilege Cuz you got that face of white privilege but before white guilt, so there's no but before white guilt, so there's no but before white guilt, so there's no wrinkle. [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Let's [snorts] see. My parents had kids. Yeah, a couple of us. That's good. Yeah, a couple of us. That's good. Yeah, a couple of us. That's good. It was just me and my older sister, It was just me and my older sister, It was just me and my older sister, right? And I obviously have an older right? And I obviously have an older right? And I obviously have an older sister. That's why I dress nice and sister. That's why I dress nice and sister. That's why I dress nice and believe in myself, [laughter] right? Like, I didn't have an older right? Like, I didn't have an older right? Like, I didn't have an older brother, I'd be dead. brother, I'd be dead. brother, I'd be dead. You ever heard a younger sibling talk You ever heard a younger sibling talk You ever heard a younger sibling talk about how they were treated by their about how they were treated by their about how they were treated by their older brother? It's horrifying. older brother? It's horrifying. older brother? It's horrifying. I'll be talking to my buddy. I'll be I'll be talking to my buddy. I'll be I'll be talking to my buddy. I'll be like, "My older sister and I, we used to like, "My older sister and I, we used to like, "My older sister and I, we used to play house." My buddy will be like, "My play house." My buddy will be like, "My play house." My buddy will be like, "My older brother and I, we used to play. He older brother and I, we used to play. He older brother and I, we used to play. He left me in the washing machine left me in the washing machine left me in the washing machine for 3 days." It's like they're so for 3 days." It's like they're so for 3 days." It's like they're so gaslit, they don't even know that that's gaslit, they don't even know that that's gaslit, they don't even know that that's wrong. So, I'll be like, "I'm so sorry." wrong. So, I'll be like, "I'm so sorry." wrong. So, I'll be like, "I'm so sorry." And they're like, "No, you don't get it. And they're like, "No, you don't get it. And they're like, "No, you don't get it. It was a delicate cycle." Um, It was a delicate cycle." Um, It was a delicate cycle." Um, and he used fabric softener. So, and he used fabric softener. So, and he used fabric softener. So, actually, I thank him. I thank him for actually, I thank him. I thank him for actually, I thank him. I thank him for what he did. Actually, my brother works what he did. Actually, my brother works what he did. Actually, my brother works in finance now. Can you believe it? It's in finance now. Can you believe it? It's in finance now. Can you believe it? It's like, yeah, [laughter] I can. I can. I can. It's annoying to be the younger sibling It's annoying to be the younger sibling It's annoying to be the younger sibling in general. It's very annoying because in general. It's very annoying because in general. It's very annoying because family is assigned roles on a first family is assigned roles on a first family is assigned roles on a first come, first- serve basis. come, first- serve basis. come, first- serve basis. So, if you're the youngest, you just get So, if you're the youngest, you just get So, if you're the youngest, you just get whatever's left, right? Like my sister whatever's left, right? Like my sister whatever's left, right? Like my sister got car sick so I couldn't got car sick so I couldn't got car sick so I couldn't like I did I just like wasn't allowed. like I did I just like wasn't allowed. like I did I just like wasn't allowed. My parents were like you can't be car My parents were like you can't be car My parents were like you can't be car sick but here's what you can be sick but here's what you can be sick but here's what you can be accommodating. accommodating. accommodating. And I really am you know excuse me the And I really am you know excuse me the And I really am you know excuse me the um [laughter] no you no you no you there's a lot to accommodate in my there's a lot to accommodate in my there's a lot to accommodate in my family too. Very anxious group you know. family too. Very anxious group you know. family too. Very anxious group you know. My first hand-me-down was actually a My first hand-me-down was actually a My first hand-me-down was actually a Xanax prescription. And [laughter] Xanax prescription. And [laughter] Xanax prescription. And [laughter] yeah, the dosage was a little big, but I yeah, the dosage was a little big, but I yeah, the dosage was a little big, but I grew into it, you know, no problem. grew into it, you know, no problem. grew into it, you know, no problem. We all had our own little like flavor of We all had our own little like flavor of We all had our own little like flavor of mental disorder, own little twist. Like mental disorder, own little twist. Like mental disorder, own little twist. Like my mom had uh social anxiety, my sister my mom had uh social anxiety, my sister my mom had uh social anxiety, my sister had general anxiety, and my dad was an had general anxiety, and my dad was an had general anxiety, and my dad was an optimist. And [laughter] optimist. And [laughter] optimist. And [laughter] yeah, so you've heard of this. I mean, yeah, so you've heard of this. I mean, yeah, so you've heard of this. I mean, such a cruel disorder, right? And such a cruel disorder, right? And such a cruel disorder, right? And there's no known cure, right? Except for there's no known cure, right? Except for there's no known cure, right? Except for paying attention even a little bit. But paying attention even a little bit. But paying attention even a little bit. But blinders on for my guy. And uh blinders on for my guy. And uh blinders on for my guy. And uh my particular disorder was OCD. It was my particular disorder was OCD. It was my particular disorder was OCD. It was obsessivempulsive disorder. obsessivempulsive disorder. obsessivempulsive disorder. [snorts] Me too. Okay. So if one [snorts] Me too. Okay. So if one [snorts] Me too. Okay. So if one person's going to say me, too. Actually, person's going to say me, too. Actually, person's going to say me, too. Actually, we all got to do it we all got to do it we all got to do it at the same time. So, and we're at the same time. So, and we're at the same time. So, and we're recording this, so get it right. Uh recording this, so get it right. Uh recording this, so get it right. Uh no, my OCD. It wasn't about like uh no, my OCD. It wasn't about like uh no, my OCD. It wasn't about like uh [laughter] Okay. So, if somebody's going [laughter] Okay. So, if somebody's going [laughter] Okay. So, if somebody's going to laugh, everybody has to laugh at the to laugh, everybody has to laugh at the to laugh, everybody has to laugh at the same time. My idea wasn't about like cleanliness, My idea wasn't about like cleanliness, My idea wasn't about like cleanliness, organization, which is like pretty organization, which is like pretty organization, which is like pretty common, but I was like I was just common, but I was like I was just common, but I was like I was just addicted to these little rituals that I addicted to these little rituals that I addicted to these little rituals that I thought prevented bad things from thought prevented bad things from thought prevented bad things from happening. So, it's like I wasn't happening. So, it's like I wasn't happening. So, it's like I wasn't washing my hands all the time, but I was washing my hands all the time, but I was washing my hands all the time, but I was like, I'm going to touch his doororknob like, I'm going to touch his doororknob like, I'm going to touch his doororknob eight times. eight times. eight times. Now, the dog won't die. Now, the dog won't die. Now, the dog won't die. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> No, and I know that sounds weird, but I >> No, and I know that sounds weird, but I >> No, and I know that sounds weird, but I need you to know that our family dog is need you to know that our family dog is need you to know that our family dog is 42 years old. 42 years old. 42 years old. >> A homeowner, actually. They're doing >> A homeowner, actually. They're doing >> A homeowner, actually. They're doing great. I'm really proud of them. I got great. I'm really proud of them. I got great. I'm really proud of them. I got my OCD under control now, which is good. my OCD under control now, which is good. my OCD under control now, which is good. But my family's always like very But my family's always like very But my family's always like very concerned that it's going to come back. concerned that it's going to come back. concerned that it's going to come back. So, like any repeated gesture I do, very So, like any repeated gesture I do, very So, like any repeated gesture I do, very scary. So, my sister will be like, "Hey, scary. So, my sister will be like, "Hey, scary. So, my sister will be like, "Hey, Lucas, I just noticed you're taking Lucas, I just noticed you're taking Lucas, I just noticed you're taking multiple sips of water." [laughter] multiple sips of water." [laughter] multiple sips of water." [laughter] But that's totally okay, but I do want But that's totally okay, but I do want But that's totally okay, but I do want to check. Is that your OCD? cuz I saw to check. Is that your OCD? cuz I saw to check. Is that your OCD? cuz I saw you always look both ways before you you always look both ways before you you always look both ways before you cross the street. And that's okay. But I cross the street. And that's okay. But I cross the street. And that's okay. But I did want to check. Is that your OCD? did want to check. Is that your OCD? did want to check. Is that your OCD? Cuz I know you told me you always put Cuz I know you told me you always put Cuz I know you told me you always put your pants on one leg at a time. your pants on one leg at a time. your pants on one leg at a time. And that's totally okay. But I did want And that's totally okay. But I did want And that's totally okay. But I did want to check. [laughter] to check. [laughter] to check. [laughter] Is that your CD? It's like, no. That's Is that your CD? It's like, no. That's Is that your CD? It's like, no. That's how people put on pants. So So yeah, I how people put on pants. So So yeah, I how people put on pants. So So yeah, I put them on one leg at a time. It's so put them on one leg at a time. It's so put them on one leg at a time. It's so stupid. [laughter] stupid. [laughter] stupid. [laughter] And I just uh I always go left leg and And I just uh I always go left leg and And I just uh I always go left leg and then right leg to make sure North Korea then right leg to make sure North Korea then right leg to make sure North Korea never develops long range nuclear never develops long range nuclear never develops long range nuclear missile. But she doesn't need to know that. But she doesn't need to know that. But she doesn't need to know that. I think you could be any witness that I think you could be any witness that I think you could be any witness that you want to be. I started doing comedy you want to be. I started doing comedy you want to be. I started doing comedy in Ohio when I first started. Uh my in Ohio when I first started. Uh my in Ohio when I first started. Uh my friends and I, you're always a broke friends and I, you're always a broke friends and I, you're always a broke person as a comedian looking for ways to person as a comedian looking for ways to person as a comedian looking for ways to make money. Well, my one friend told me make money. Well, my one friend told me make money. Well, my one friend told me about this thing where you can uh sue about this thing where you can uh sue about this thing where you can uh sue somebody on court television and the the somebody on court television and the the somebody on court television and the the court show actually pays whoever wins uh court show actually pays whoever wins uh court show actually pays whoever wins uh and it doesn't go on anybody's record. and it doesn't go on anybody's record. and it doesn't go on anybody's record. So, we started just making up cases to So, we started just making up cases to So, we started just making up cases to sue each other [laughter] sue each other [laughter] sue each other [laughter] and then just split the money and make and then just split the money and make and then just split the money and make sure the plainif wins. Uh, I was a sure the plainif wins. Uh, I was a sure the plainif wins. Uh, I was a witness on Judge Alex. [laughter] My team won. Uh, and I'm glad we won cuz My team won. Uh, and I'm glad we won cuz My team won. Uh, and I'm glad we won cuz I needed the money at the time. Man, I'm I needed the money at the time. Man, I'm I needed the money at the time. Man, I'm just glad we got this money. I needed just glad we got this money. I needed just glad we got this money. I needed the money so bad. I'm broke. I have like the money so bad. I'm broke. I have like the money so bad. I'm broke. I have like three frozen [music] hamburgers at home. three frozen [music] hamburgers at home. three frozen [music] hamburgers at home. Can't afford to buy toothpaste. Can't afford to buy toothpaste. Can't afford to buy toothpaste. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> You can be any plainif that you want to >> You can be any plainif that you want to >> You can be any plainif that you want to be. I was on Judge Joe Brown [laughter] be. I was on Judge Joe Brown [laughter] be. I was on Judge Joe Brown [laughter] as a plainif. as a plainif. as a plainif. You can be any defendant that you want You can be any defendant that you want You can be any defendant that you want to be. I was on Judge Alex again as a to be. I was on Judge Alex again as a to be. I was on Judge Alex again as a defendant. [laughter] defendant. [laughter] defendant. [laughter] I went a few years later. I used my I went a few years later. I used my I went a few years later. I used my middle name to slip past the producers. middle name to slip past the producers. middle name to slip past the producers. And this one I played a a promoter. Uh I And this one I played a a promoter. Uh I And this one I played a a promoter. Uh I was supposed to promote my friend's was supposed to promote my friend's was supposed to promote my friend's Battle of the Beards contest. and I kind Battle of the Beards contest. and I kind Battle of the Beards contest. and I kind of just blew him off and didn't do of just blew him off and didn't do of just blew him off and didn't do anything. Uh, and when I got to court, I anything. Uh, and when I got to court, I anything. Uh, and when I got to court, I really didn't have much of a defense at really didn't have much of a defense at really didn't have much of a defense at all either. Judge Alex was not impressed all either. Judge Alex was not impressed all either. Judge Alex was not impressed with me. with me. with me. >> To me, I just things things >> To me, I just things things >> To me, I just things things communication was failed. communication was failed. communication was failed. Communication was failed. Communication was failed. Communication was failed. >> I agree. >> I agree. >> I agree. >> What does that even mean? It's >> What does that even mean? It's >> What does that even mean? It's >> I don't know. I just think it was just a >> I don't know. I just think it was just a >> I don't know. I just think it was just a misunderstanding and I I don't misunderstanding and I I don't misunderstanding and I I don't understand why it's got to be like this. understand why it's got to be like this. understand why it's got to be like this. How much weed do you smoke? How much weed do you smoke? How much weed do you smoke? >> [laughter] >> All right. >> All right. >> All right. You could be uh any journalist that you You could be uh any journalist that you You could be uh any journalist that you want to be. U this is a company called want to be. U this is a company called want to be. U this is a company called Monae. Uh they're a multi-level Monae. Uh they're a multi-level Monae. Uh they're a multi-level marketing company aka a pyramid scheme. marketing company aka a pyramid scheme. marketing company aka a pyramid scheme. Uh where the only people who make money Uh where the only people who make money Uh where the only people who make money that work for them are the people at the that work for them are the people at the that work for them are the people at the top of the pyramid, all the executives. top of the pyramid, all the executives. top of the pyramid, all the executives. Everyone else just ends up wasting a Everyone else just ends up wasting a Everyone else just ends up wasting a bunch of time or losing money actually. bunch of time or losing money actually. bunch of time or losing money actually. Uh in addition to being one of these Uh in addition to being one of these Uh in addition to being one of these companies, uh they're also been known companies, uh they're also been known companies, uh they're also been known for making people lose their hair. for making people lose their hair. for making people lose their hair. Yeah. They have like skin products that Yeah. They have like skin products that Yeah. They have like skin products that were making people lose their hair. So I were making people lose their hair. So I were making people lose their hair. So I emailed them uh and pretended to be a emailed them uh and pretended to be a emailed them uh and pretended to be a reporter from a newspaper I made up reporter from a newspaper I made up reporter from a newspaper I made up called the Colorado and Times [laughter] called the Colorado and Times [laughter] called the Colorado and Times [laughter] signed. My name is Jackie Jones. I signed. My name is Jackie Jones. I signed. My name is Jackie Jones. I emailed them a meme I made of their CEO. emailed them a meme I made of their CEO. emailed them a meme I made of their CEO. I photoshopped him bald and said, "If I photoshopped him bald and said, "If I photoshopped him bald and said, "If you like the Vin Diesel look, you should you like the Vin Diesel look, you should you like the Vin Diesel look, you should try our hair products because they'll try our hair products because they'll try our hair products because they'll make you bald." make you bald." make you bald." Uh, they wrote back and said, "It's Uh, they wrote back and said, "It's Uh, they wrote back and said, "It's absolutely unequivocally not from their absolutely unequivocally not from their absolutely unequivocally not from their CEO." So, I said, "Okay, uh, we'll make CEO." So, I said, "Okay, uh, we'll make CEO." So, I said, "Okay, uh, we'll make note that he didn't say anything about note that he didn't say anything about note that he didn't say anything about Vin Diesel. However, we do have Vin Diesel. However, we do have Vin Diesel. However, we do have something Vin Diesel said about him." I something Vin Diesel said about him." I something Vin Diesel said about him." I said, "We can share that with you, too, said, "We can share that with you, too, said, "We can share that with you, too, before we run our story." They're like, before we run our story." They're like, before we run our story." They're like, "Yes, we absolutely want to see that "Yes, we absolutely want to see that "Yes, we absolutely want to see that story and quote before you run it." So, story and quote before you run it." So, story and quote before you run it." So, I was like, "Okay, yes, this is directly I was like, "Okay, yes, this is directly I was like, "Okay, yes, this is directly from Vins's reps. I've relied on Monat from Vins's reps. I've relied on Monat from Vins's reps. I've relied on Monat to keep me bald for years." [laughter] So, so after this email, uh the next So, so after this email, uh the next So, so after this email, uh the next email I got was from the lawyers, email I got was from the lawyers, email I got was from the lawyers, uh and they sent me a multi-page demand uh and they sent me a multi-page demand uh and they sent me a multi-page demand letter. Uh, it mentioned Vin Diesel like letter. Uh, it mentioned Vin Diesel like letter. Uh, it mentioned Vin Diesel like six times six times six times and and they said that you can tell it's and and they said that you can tell it's and and they said that you can tell it's not their CEO by a simple Google search. not their CEO by a simple Google search. not their CEO by a simple Google search. They said if Jackie or the Colorado They said if Jackie or the Colorado They said if Jackie or the Colorado Times publishes this, they'll take swift Times publishes this, they'll take swift Times publishes this, they'll take swift legal action. And then they gave me a legal action. And then they gave me a legal action. And then they gave me a deadline to confirm that I won't publish deadline to confirm that I won't publish deadline to confirm that I won't publish this. And then said they said if you this. And then said they said if you this. And then said they said if you have any questions or or want to address have any questions or or want to address have any questions or or want to address this issue further, please contact us or this issue further, please contact us or this issue further, please contact us or have your attorney do so. have your attorney do so. have your attorney do so. So I had my attorney do so. >> [laughter] >> I wrote them and said, "On January 28th, >> I wrote them and said, "On January 28th, >> I wrote them and said, "On January 28th, 2021, you threatened to take swift legal 2021, you threatened to take swift legal 2021, you threatened to take swift legal action. I'm reaching out to inform you action. I'm reaching out to inform you action. I'm reaching out to inform you that if you take any legal action that if you take any legal action that if you take any legal action against Jackie or their Colorado and against Jackie or their Colorado and against Jackie or their Colorado and Times, even just a tiny hair of legal Times, even just a tiny hair of legal Times, even just a tiny hair of legal action, [laughter] I'll respond by action, [laughter] I'll respond by action, [laughter] I'll respond by photoshopping every Monat executive photoshopping every Monat executive photoshopping every Monat executive bald." bald." bald." These photos will be posted on the These photos will be posted on the These photos will be posted on the internet, made easily accessible by a internet, made easily accessible by a internet, made easily accessible by a simple Google search. simple Google search. simple Google search. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> In addition, I'll get in touch with >> In addition, I'll get in touch with >> In addition, I'll get in touch with every bald celebrity to ask them if every bald celebrity to ask them if every bald celebrity to ask them if they'd be interested in promoting Monet. they'd be interested in promoting Monet. they'd be interested in promoting Monet. And that list includes, but is not And that list includes, but is not And that list includes, but is not limited to Pitbull, Charles Barkley, limited to Pitbull, Charles Barkley, limited to Pitbull, Charles Barkley, Samuel Jackson, Dwayne the Rock Johnson, Samuel Jackson, Dwayne the Rock Johnson, Samuel Jackson, Dwayne the Rock Johnson, Larry David, Seal, Terry Cruz, and the Larry David, Seal, Terry Cruz, and the Larry David, Seal, Terry Cruz, and the Dollaly Lama. Dollaly Lama. Dollaly Lama. You have until Friday, January 29th, You have until Friday, January 29th, You have until Friday, January 29th, 2021 at 8:59 a.m. Mountain Standard Time 2021 at 8:59 a.m. Mountain Standard Time 2021 at 8:59 a.m. Mountain Standard Time to read this email. That time has to read this email. That time has to read this email. That time has already passed. [laughter] If you have any questions or wish to If you have any questions or wish to If you have any questions or wish to address this issue further, please do address this issue further, please do address this issue further, please do not hesitate to contact a Jones. not hesitate to contact a Jones. not hesitate to contact a Jones. Sincerely, Jackie Jones. Jones. Jones Sincerely, Jackie Jones. Jones. Jones Sincerely, Jackie Jones. Jones. Jones and Jones LLC. and Jones LLC. and Jones LLC. Attorneys at Law. You mess with Jones, Attorneys at Law. You mess with Jones, Attorneys at Law. You mess with Jones, you get the Jones. you get the Jones. you get the Jones. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> So, I shared this online and uh someone >> So, I shared this online and uh someone >> So, I shared this online and uh someone saw it, I guess, and then they sent me a saw it, I guess, and then they sent me a saw it, I guess, and then they sent me a link to a Zoom party that all of the link to a Zoom party that all of the link to a Zoom party that all of the executives, all the people at the top of executives, all the people at the top of executives, all the people at the top of the pyramid at Monet were having the pyramid at Monet were having the pyramid at Monet were having together. So, I joined as Trey Angel. together. So, I joined as Trey Angel. together. So, I joined as Trey Angel. Uh, and it got a little awkward in Uh, and it got a little awkward in Uh, and it got a little awkward in there. there. there. >> And I see one face I don't recognize. >> And I see one face I don't recognize. >> And I see one face I don't recognize. Who is Mr. Angel? [laughter] Who is Mr. Angel? [laughter] Who is Mr. Angel? [laughter] >> Hey, I'm Trey. >> [laughter] >> and they removed Trey from the meeting. >> and they removed Trey from the meeting. >> and they removed Trey from the meeting. So I tried rejoining. I changed my name So I tried rejoining. I changed my name So I tried rejoining. I changed my name really quick and tried to rejoin and it really quick and tried to rejoin and it really quick and tried to rejoin and it let me back in. [laughter] let me back in. [laughter] let me back in. [laughter] So I was able to say, "You mess with the So I was able to say, "You mess with the So I was able to say, "You mess with the Jones, Jones, Jones, you get the Jones. [laughter] You could be anything. But You could be anything. But You could be anything. But >> yeah, little but I'm not I'm say I keep >> yeah, little but I'm not I'm say I keep >> yeah, little but I'm not I'm say I keep saying get old. I'm not that old though. saying get old. I'm not that old though. saying get old. I'm not that old though. But sometimes I wonder like what the But sometimes I wonder like what the But sometimes I wonder like what the world's going to be like when like world's going to be like when like world's going to be like when like millennials and Gen Z are like the millennials and Gen Z are like the millennials and Gen Z are like the senior citizens. I just think it's going senior citizens. I just think it's going senior citizens. I just think it's going to be funny cuz like people we're not to be funny cuz like people we're not to be funny cuz like people we're not going to change. It's just going to be going to change. It's just going to be going to change. It's just going to be hilarious. Just a bunch of 90year-olds hilarious. Just a bunch of 90year-olds hilarious. Just a bunch of 90year-olds walking around Ivy's like my NFT is lit. walking around Ivy's like my NFT is lit. walking around Ivy's like my NFT is lit. People listening to music LIKE PUT ON People listening to music LIKE PUT ON People listening to music LIKE PUT ON [\h__\h] IT'S GOING TO IT'S GOING TO BE A [\h__\h] IT'S GOING TO IT'S GOING TO BE A [\h__\h] IT'S GOING TO IT'S GOING TO BE A new type of old person. It's going to be new type of old person. It's going to be new type of old person. It's going to be funny. You know, this and the world's funny. You know, this and the world's funny. You know, this and the world's going to have to adapt to cater to old going to have to adapt to cater to old going to have to adapt to cater to old millennials. It's going to be funny. I millennials. It's going to be funny. I millennials. It's going to be funny. I mean, in 50 years, you might see mean, in 50 years, you might see mean, in 50 years, you might see commercials like it's A CANE AND A commercials like it's A CANE AND A commercials like it's A CANE AND A SELFIE STICK. SELFIE STICK. SELFIE STICK. If you call right now, WE'LL GIVE YOU If you call right now, WE'LL GIVE YOU If you call right now, WE'LL GIVE YOU NINE FREE STICKS. People still be talking about each People still be talking about each People still be talking about each other's social media. Like, you see the other's social media. Like, you see the other's social media. Like, you see the picture Sarah posted wishing Brad a picture Sarah posted wishing Brad a picture Sarah posted wishing Brad a happy birthday? She doesn't care. It's happy birthday? She doesn't care. It's happy birthday? She doesn't care. It's his birthday. She's just showing off her his birthday. She's just showing off her his birthday. She's just showing off her new hip. [laughter] new hip. [laughter] new hip. [laughter] very transparent. We all know why you very transparent. We all know why you very transparent. We all know why you posted that. posted that. posted that. Like my least favorite thing about Like my least favorite thing about Like my least favorite thing about social media is like that narcissism. social media is like that narcissism. social media is like that narcissism. But people just will post anything just But people just will post anything just But people just will post anything just to show themselves off. People love to show themselves off. People love to show themselves off. People love getting likes. People just love getting getting likes. People just love getting getting likes. People just love getting likes. I don't even think people would likes. I don't even think people would likes. I don't even think people would do certain things if they couldn't post do certain things if they couldn't post do certain things if they couldn't post about it. Like I think if social media about it. Like I think if social media about it. Like I think if social media ceased to exist, I think there would be ceased to exist, I think there would be ceased to exist, I think there would be a 30% drop in marathon participation. a 30% drop in marathon participation. a 30% drop in marathon participation. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> I think everyone in their 20s will be >> I think everyone in their 20s will be >> I think everyone in their 20s will be like, "Well, now what's the point in like, "Well, now what's the point in like, "Well, now what's the point in running? I can't post a photo of myself running? I can't post a photo of myself running? I can't post a photo of myself at the finish line drinking a craft at the finish line drinking a craft at the finish line drinking a craft beer." [laughter] beer." [laughter] beer." [laughter] To show everyone I'm as fun as I am fit. I get it though. You like attention for I get it though. You like attention for I get it though. You like attention for your accomplishments. It feels good when your accomplishments. It feels good when your accomplishments. It feels good when like you do something good and like like you do something good and like like you do something good and like people know about it. That feels good, people know about it. That feels good, people know about it. That feels good, you know? So, I think it actually would you know? So, I think it actually would you know? So, I think it actually would have been kind of annoying to maybe like have been kind of annoying to maybe like have been kind of annoying to maybe like do something impressive before do something impressive before do something impressive before technology and social media because it technology and social media because it technology and social media because it would take people a while. It's like f would take people a while. It's like f would take people a while. It's like f like if I invented something right now, like if I invented something right now, like if I invented something right now, I could like repost something and I know I could like repost something and I know I could like repost something and I know everyone would see it. That would make everyone would see it. That would make everyone would see it. That would make me feel good. It feels good. But if it me feel good. It feels good. But if it me feel good. It feels good. But if it was like 1930 and [snorts] I was the one was like 1930 and [snorts] I was the one was like 1930 and [snorts] I was the one who just invented scotch tape, pretty who just invented scotch tape, pretty who just invented scotch tape, pretty big deal. big deal. big deal. I bet I would run into people I know I bet I would run into people I know I bet I would run into people I know before they caught wind of my before they caught wind of my before they caught wind of my accomplishment. I just be standing there accomplishment. I just be standing there accomplishment. I just be standing there like they don't know how amazing. I feel like they don't know how amazing. I feel like they don't know how amazing. I feel like I would JUST BE STEERING EVERY like I would JUST BE STEERING EVERY like I would JUST BE STEERING EVERY conversation towards tape conversation towards tape conversation towards tape so I COULD BRING IT UP AND IMPRESS THEM. so I COULD BRING IT UP AND IMPRESS THEM. so I COULD BRING IT UP AND IMPRESS THEM. I'D BE INSUFFERABLE. I'D BE ON A first I'D BE INSUFFERABLE. I'D BE ON A first I'D BE INSUFFERABLE. I'D BE ON A first date, she'd be like, "I feel like we're date, she'd be like, "I feel like we're date, she'd be like, "I feel like we're really bonding." I'd be like, "I know. really bonding." I'd be like, "I know. really bonding." I'd be like, "I know. It's like some sort of adhesive. It's like some sort of adhesive. It's like some sort of adhesive. What do you want to drink? I'M GOING TO What do you want to drink? I'M GOING TO What do you want to drink? I'M GOING TO GET A SCOTCH." I GET A SCOTCH." I GET A SCOTCH." I I just get there early, rip her menu in I just get there early, rip her menu in I just get there early, rip her menu in half. half. half. She sits down. She's like, "That's She sits down. She's like, "That's She sits down. She's like, "That's weird." I'm like, "I ACTUALLY HAVE weird." I'm like, "I ACTUALLY HAVE weird." I'm like, "I ACTUALLY HAVE SOMETHING." SOMETHING." SOMETHING." >> [laughter] >> I MEAN, IF I CLIMBED MOUNT EVEREST >> I MEAN, IF I CLIMBED MOUNT EVEREST >> I MEAN, IF I CLIMBED MOUNT EVEREST BEFORE social media, I'd want everyone BEFORE social media, I'd want everyone BEFORE social media, I'd want everyone to know, but I want to brag about it. I to know, but I want to brag about it. I to know, but I want to brag about it. I just do find these terrible segways. just do find these terrible segways. just do find these terrible segways. People come up to me like, "Hi." I'd be People come up to me like, "Hi." I'd be People come up to me like, "Hi." I'd be like, "You want to know what's high?" like, "You want to know what's high?" like, "You want to know what's high?" People love likes. You can learn stuff People love likes. You can learn stuff People love likes. You can learn stuff from from likes, though, you know? Like, from from likes, though, you know? Like, from from likes, though, you know? Like, I was talking to a girl recently. She I was talking to a girl recently. She I was talking to a girl recently. She was like, "I wish I knew which guys want was like, "I wish I knew which guys want was like, "I wish I knew which guys want to hook up with me. I wish they would to hook up with me. I wish they would to hook up with me. I wish they would just tell me." And I was like, "You just just tell me." And I was like, "You just just tell me." And I was like, "You just defined an Instagram like." Like, what defined an Instagram like." Like, what defined an Instagram like." Like, what are you talking about? If a guy likes are you talking about? If a guy likes are you talking about? If a guy likes your photo, he doesn't care about the your photo, he doesn't care about the your photo, he doesn't care about the photo. A guy, he's just reminding you he photo. A guy, he's just reminding you he photo. A guy, he's just reminding you he would have sex with you. That's all. A would have sex with you. That's all. A would have sex with you. That's all. A like ON YOUR PHOTO MEANS STILL ALIVE, like ON YOUR PHOTO MEANS STILL ALIVE, like ON YOUR PHOTO MEANS STILL ALIVE, STILL WOULD. THAT'S ALL IT MEANS. STILL WOULD. THAT'S ALL IT MEANS. STILL WOULD. THAT'S ALL IT MEANS. GUYS, guys don't care about the photo. GUYS, guys don't care about the photo. GUYS, guys don't care about the photo. I'm not SITTING THERE LIKE, "OH, PERFECT I'm not SITTING THERE LIKE, "OH, PERFECT I'm not SITTING THERE LIKE, "OH, PERFECT FILTER for that bar. Oh god, sick FILTER for that bar. Oh god, sick FILTER for that bar. Oh god, sick boomerang." boomerang." boomerang." No, >> I uh I don't like following women on >> I uh I don't like following women on >> I uh I don't like following women on Instagram mostly just cuz pictures of Instagram mostly just cuz pictures of Instagram mostly just cuz pictures of hot women upset me. hot women upset me. hot women upset me. Some guys follow these like models on Some guys follow these like models on Some guys follow these like models on Instagram and they're always showing Instagram and they're always showing Instagram and they're always showing like why they're always showing me like like why they're always showing me like like why they're always showing me like dude chicken. I'm like no, I'M HAVING A dude chicken. I'm like no, I'M HAVING A dude chicken. I'm like no, I'M HAVING A good day. Why would I want to see good day. Why would I want to see good day. Why would I want to see something amazing that I'll never have? something amazing that I'll never have? something amazing that I'll never have? That's torture. If I was allergic to That's torture. If I was allergic to That's torture. If I was allergic to dairy, I wouldn't follow a cheesecake dairy, I wouldn't follow a cheesecake dairy, I wouldn't follow a cheesecake account to keep tabs on what I'm missing account to keep tabs on what I'm missing account to keep tabs on what I'm missing out on. You know who doesn't seem as out on. You know who doesn't seem as out on. You know who doesn't seem as silly to me as they used to? Doomsday silly to me as they used to? Doomsday silly to me as they used to? Doomsday preppers. preppers. preppers. Remember how ridiculous those guys used Remember how ridiculous those guys used Remember how ridiculous those guys used to seem? Like, hey, look at that weirdo to seem? Like, hey, look at that weirdo to seem? Like, hey, look at that weirdo with the beard and the bomb shelter. Now with the beard and the bomb shelter. Now with the beard and the bomb shelter. Now I'm like, wait, so how far below ground I'm like, wait, so how far below ground I'm like, wait, so how far below ground does that need to be? does that need to be? does that need to be? What is the proper jar size for urine What is the proper jar size for urine What is the proper jar size for urine storage? storage? storage? It's fine, man. I won't be here. I don't It's fine, man. I won't be here. I don't It's fine, man. I won't be here. I don't care. care. care. I'm 45, which means I'm not elderly, but I'm 45, which means I'm not elderly, but I'm 45, which means I'm not elderly, but I am decaying. [laughter] I've crested I am decaying. [laughter] I've crested I am decaying. [laughter] I've crested physically. Like, it's not getting physically. Like, it's not getting physically. Like, it's not getting better. There's literally nothing better. There's literally nothing better. There's literally nothing positive in my future from a physical positive in my future from a physical positive in my future from a physical standpoint. It's not like, man, just you standpoint. It's not like, man, just you standpoint. It's not like, man, just you wait till I turn 50. I'm going to be wait till I turn 50. I'm going to be wait till I turn 50. I'm going to be ripped. Nope. [laughter] ripped. Nope. [laughter] ripped. Nope. [laughter] For the rest of my life, it's this body For the rest of my life, it's this body For the rest of my life, it's this body or more disgusting. That's what it is. or more disgusting. That's what it is. or more disgusting. That's what it is. It's all going one direction. I'm just It's all going one direction. I'm just It's all going one direction. I'm just talking about pace. You know when you pull a tomato out of You know when you pull a tomato out of You know when you pull a tomato out of your fridge, you know, cuz like 2 weeks your fridge, you know, cuz like 2 weeks your fridge, you know, cuz like 2 weeks ago you were feeling optimistic at the ago you were feeling optimistic at the ago you were feeling optimistic at the grocery store. [laughter] grocery store. [laughter] grocery store. [laughter] If that resonates with people, If that resonates with people, If that resonates with people, every 6 months or so, I'll be at the every 6 months or so, I'll be at the every 6 months or so, I'll be at the grocery store packing up my usual cart grocery store packing up my usual cart grocery store packing up my usual cart load of garbage, my diet Mountain Dew, load of garbage, my diet Mountain Dew, load of garbage, my diet Mountain Dew, and my flavor blasted Goldfish crackers and my flavor blasted Goldfish crackers and my flavor blasted Goldfish crackers in this weird wave of health optimism in this weird wave of health optimism in this weird wave of health optimism will sweep over me. What if I start will sweep over me. What if I start will sweep over me. What if I start making salad at home? making salad at home? making salad at home? I'm going to change my life. Today's the I'm going to change my life. Today's the I'm going to change my life. Today's the day [laughter] where I transform into a day [laughter] where I transform into a day [laughter] where I transform into a salad guy. I start throwing produce in salad guy. I start throwing produce in salad guy. I start throwing produce in my cart willy-nilly. I never feel so my cart willy-nilly. I never feel so my cart willy-nilly. I never feel so proud as when I'm pushing a cart full of proud as when I'm pushing a cart full of proud as when I'm pushing a cart full of vegetables up to the register. You're vegetables up to the register. You're vegetables up to the register. You're right, supermarket lady. That is a lot right, supermarket lady. That is a lot right, supermarket lady. That is a lot of salad I'll be having later. of salad I'll be having later. of salad I'll be having later. You losers in line are going to be You losers in line are going to be You losers in line are going to be waiting for a while cuz she's got to waiting for a while cuz she's got to waiting for a while cuz she's got to weigh all this. weigh all this. weigh all this. No scanning for this kid. [laughter] No scanning for this kid. [laughter] No scanning for this kid. [laughter] You got to punch in some codes for me, You got to punch in some codes for me, You got to punch in some codes for me, lady. lady. lady. What is the code for artich chokes? I What is the code for artich chokes? I What is the code for artich chokes? I don't know. Look it up in your little don't know. Look it up in your little don't know. Look it up in your little spinny wheel. [laughter] That little spinny wheel. [laughter] That little spinny wheel. [laughter] That little paper towel holder with the numbers on paper towel holder with the numbers on paper towel holder with the numbers on it. Look it up. it. Look it up. it. Look it up. Then I go home and I take my $73 worth Then I go home and I take my $73 worth Then I go home and I take my $73 worth of produce and drop it in the bottom of produce and drop it in the bottom of produce and drop it in the bottom drawer of the fridge and forget about drawer of the fridge and forget about drawer of the fridge and forget about it. [laughter] it. [laughter] it. [laughter] Cut to 15 days later. It's around Cut to 15 days later. It's around Cut to 15 days later. It's around midnight and I've had one of those days. midnight and I've had one of those days. midnight and I've had one of those days. You know those days where you end it by You know those days where you end it by You know those days where you end it by just staring into the fridge looking for just staring into the fridge looking for just staring into the fridge looking for answers. answers. answers. You're not even hungry. It's just like You're not even hungry. It's just like You're not even hungry. It's just like okay fridge, give me something. Give me okay fridge, give me something. Give me okay fridge, give me something. Give me something. Let's turn this one around. something. Let's turn this one around. something. Let's turn this one around. Fridge, you can do it for me. [laughter] Fridge, you can do it for me. [laughter] Fridge, you can do it for me. [laughter] What if I get really close and shut the What if I get really close and shut the What if I get really close and shut the door behind me? Does that feel like a door behind me? Does that feel like a door behind me? Does that feel like a hug? Is that kind of like a hug from the hug? Is that kind of like a hug from the hug? Is that kind of like a hug from the fridge? [laughter] So cold. Just like fridge? [laughter] So cold. Just like fridge? [laughter] So cold. Just like mommy. I spent a lot of nights staring into the I spent a lot of nights staring into the I spent a lot of nights staring into the fridge, man. Like, all right, nothing on fridge, man. Like, all right, nothing on fridge, man. Like, all right, nothing on this shelf. Nothing on this shelf. this shelf. Nothing on this shelf. this shelf. Nothing on this shelf. [laughter] Nothing down here. [laughter] Nothing down here. [laughter] Nothing down here. What the hell is this? Oh my god, that What the hell is this? Oh my god, that What the hell is this? Oh my god, that salad. I totally forgot about salad. salad. I totally forgot about salad. salad. I totally forgot about salad. Remember salad? That was that day I was Remember salad? That was that day I was Remember salad? That was that day I was going to change my life. Oh my god, I going to change my life. Oh my god, I going to change my life. Oh my god, I was so high that day. [laughter] was so high that day. [laughter] was so high that day. [laughter] But sometimes you will pull a tomato out But sometimes you will pull a tomato out But sometimes you will pull a tomato out and it's like smaller than when you and it's like smaller than when you and it's like smaller than when you bought it. Like it's not rotten, but bought it. Like it's not rotten, but bought it. Like it's not rotten, but it's been in there for a while. So it's it's been in there for a while. So it's it's been in there for a while. So it's like a little shriveled. When [laughter] like a little shriveled. When [laughter] like a little shriveled. When [laughter] you poke it, it leaves a dent. And you you poke it, it leaves a dent. And you you poke it, it leaves a dent. And you have to ask yourself, can I eat this have to ask yourself, can I eat this have to ask yourself, can I eat this without it making me sick? without it making me sick? without it making me sick? Ladies, that is the exact stage that Ladies, that is the exact stage that Ladies, that is the exact stage that this body is in. this body is in. this body is in. Oh, you can eat me. [laughter] Oh, you can eat me. [laughter] Oh, you can eat me. [laughter] But it must be today. But it must be today. But it must be today. You have to eat me today. You have to eat me today. You have to eat me today. I don't think she's into it. I don't think she's into it. I don't think she's into it. What about you, Chrome Dome? You want to What about you, Chrome Dome? You want to What about you, Chrome Dome? You want to get weird tonight? You and me a little a get weird tonight? You and me a little a get weird tonight? You and me a little a little sexy. Make this a Valentine's to little sexy. Make this a Valentine's to little sexy. Make this a Valentine's to remember. remember. remember. I'm trying to save off the inevitable. I I'm trying to save off the inevitable. I I'm trying to save off the inevitable. I do go to the uh gymnasium. do go to the uh gymnasium. do go to the uh gymnasium. I don't like it. I'm not one of those I don't like it. I'm not one of those I don't like it. I'm not one of those weirdos who enjoys physical fitness. I weirdos who enjoys physical fitness. I weirdos who enjoys physical fitness. I used to go to a personal trainer and I used to go to a personal trainer and I used to go to a personal trainer and I had to stop because the guy was just too had to stop because the guy was just too had to stop because the guy was just too excited about life. [laughter] excited about life. [laughter] excited about life. [laughter] Just bummed me out. He's always telling Just bummed me out. He's always telling Just bummed me out. He's always telling me to bring it. me to bring it. me to bring it. Like I'd be on the bench trying to push Like I'd be on the bench trying to push Like I'd be on the bench trying to push up the bar. He'd be standing above me. up the bar. He'd be standing above me. up the bar. He'd be standing above me. Come on, man. Bring it. Bring it. Like, Come on, man. Bring it. Bring it. Like, Come on, man. Bring it. Bring it. Like, dude, I don't even think I have it. So, dude, I don't even think I have it. So, dude, I don't even think I have it. So, let me [laughter] look around and I'll let me [laughter] look around and I'll let me [laughter] look around and I'll just bring whatever I find. I was, "How just bring whatever I find. I was, "How just bring whatever I find. I was, "How about you bring it?" And I borrow it for about you bring it?" And I borrow it for about you bring it?" And I borrow it for like an hour. [laughter] And 10 minutes later, he told me to get And 10 minutes later, he told me to get And 10 minutes later, he told me to get some. Come on, man. Get some. [laughter] some. Come on, man. Get some. [laughter] some. Come on, man. Get some. [laughter] Okay. Why did I need to bring it if Okay. Why did I need to bring it if Okay. Why did I need to bring it if there was some here? there was some here? there was some here? That makes zero sense. That makes zero sense. That makes zero sense. Word play. Uh, [laughter] I'm making changes. I am making changes. I'm making changes. I am making changes. I'm making changes. I am making changes. I'm trying to quit. I'm trying to quit. I'm trying to quit. Just quit overall. That's my [laughter] Just quit overall. That's my [laughter] Just quit overall. That's my [laughter] plan for the future. plan for the future. plan for the future. Quitters get a bad rap. There's a lot of Quitters get a bad rap. There's a lot of Quitters get a bad rap. There's a lot of anti-quitter bias in this country. From anti-quitter bias in this country. From anti-quitter bias in this country. From an early age, they tell you, "Hey, stick an early age, they tell you, "Hey, stick an early age, they tell you, "Hey, stick with it. Don't be a quitter." The world with it. Don't be a quitter." The world with it. Don't be a quitter." The world needs quitters, people. [laughter] needs quitters, people. [laughter] needs quitters, people. [laughter] Without quitters, a stampede would never Without quitters, a stampede would never Without quitters, a stampede would never end. Think about it. A herd of buffalo Think about it. A herd of buffalo Think about it. A herd of buffalo thundering across the plane just thundering across the plane just thundering across the plane just running. They don't know why they're running. They don't know why they're running. They don't know why they're running. They're just running cuz running. They're just running cuz running. They're just running cuz everybody else is running. They'd run everybody else is running. They'd run everybody else is running. They'd run until they drop dead if not for that one until they drop dead if not for that one until they drop dead if not for that one heroic quitter who looked around and heroic quitter who looked around and heroic quitter who looked around and say, "Yeah, not going to do this. I'm say, "Yeah, not going to do this. I'm say, "Yeah, not going to do this. I'm going to go chill by the creek. going to go chill by the creek. going to go chill by the creek. I aim to be that buffalo." I aim to be that buffalo." I aim to be that buffalo." I should quit things, man. I stick with I should quit things, man. I stick with I should quit things, man. I stick with things too long. things too long. things too long. But let me offer you some advice that I But let me offer you some advice that I But let me offer you some advice that I wish someone had offered me before I had wish someone had offered me before I had wish someone had offered me before I had children, cuz I didn't know this, which children, cuz I didn't know this, which children, cuz I didn't know this, which is this. When you're traveling with your is this. When you're traveling with your is this. When you're traveling with your family, when you have children, and you family, when you have children, and you family, when you have children, and you travel with said children through the travel with said children through the travel with said children through the airport, you can be randomly selected by airport, you can be randomly selected by airport, you can be randomly selected by TSA, who will suddenly decide to start TSA, who will suddenly decide to start TSA, who will suddenly decide to start peppering your children with questions peppering your children with questions peppering your children with questions to make sure that you are not kidnapping to make sure that you are not kidnapping to make sure that you are not kidnapping them. How fun is that? [laughter] And I didn't know this was even a thing And I didn't know this was even a thing And I didn't know this was even a thing until it happened to my little family at until it happened to my little family at until it happened to my little family at Denver International Airport. Denver International Airport. Denver International Airport. We're traveling through the airport, We're traveling through the airport, We're traveling through the airport, ready to go. To give you an idea of my ready to go. To give you an idea of my ready to go. To give you an idea of my son Malcolm's desire to talk to son Malcolm's desire to talk to son Malcolm's desire to talk to strangers that day, let me let me strangers that day, let me let me strangers that day, let me let me explain to you his outfit. He was explain to you his outfit. He was explain to you his outfit. He was wearing headphones, not plugged into wearing headphones, not plugged into wearing headphones, not plugged into anything at all, [laughter] anything at all, [laughter] anything at all, [laughter] fingerless gloves, and winter boots on a 95°ree day. and winter boots on a 95°ree day. and winter boots on a 95°ree day. I ask you, is that the outfit of a I ask you, is that the outfit of a I ask you, is that the outfit of a three-year-old who'd like to dialogue three-year-old who'd like to dialogue three-year-old who'd like to dialogue with a stranger? I'd argue not. with a stranger? I'd argue not. with a stranger? I'd argue not. And yet, nevertheless, we're passing And yet, nevertheless, we're passing And yet, nevertheless, we're passing through security and suddenly a TSA guy through security and suddenly a TSA guy through security and suddenly a TSA guy is in Malcolm's face and he's just like, is in Malcolm's face and he's just like, is in Malcolm's face and he's just like, "Hey, son. What's your name?" And "Hey, son. What's your name?" And "Hey, son. What's your name?" And Malcolm's like, "Uh uh uh, Malcolm." He Malcolm's like, "Uh uh uh, Malcolm." He Malcolm's like, "Uh uh uh, Malcolm." He goes, "Okay, good. [laughter] Is that goes, "Okay, good. [laughter] Is that goes, "Okay, good. [laughter] Is that your brother over there?" He goes, your brother over there?" He goes, your brother over there?" He goes, "Yeah, yeah." He goes, "What's your "Yeah, yeah." He goes, "What's your "Yeah, yeah." He goes, "What's your brother's name?" He goes, "Ellis." He brother's name?" He goes, "Ellis." He brother's name?" He goes, "Ellis." He goes, "Okay, are those your parents?" goes, "Okay, are those your parents?" goes, "Okay, are those your parents?" And Malcolm goes, "I think so. And Malcolm goes, "I think so. And Malcolm goes, "I think so. Can you think of a worse answer Can you think of a worse answer Can you think of a worse answer than I think so? than I think so? than I think so? No. No is actually a better answer. No. No is actually a better answer. No. No is actually a better answer. No is like it's an uncle. It's a No is like it's an uncle. It's a No is like it's an uncle. It's a godparent. Produce some paperwork. Get godparent. Produce some paperwork. Get godparent. Produce some paperwork. Get to the bottom of it. But I think so. [laughter] That's what they've been [laughter] That's what they've been [laughter] That's what they've been telling me since they took me from the telling me since they took me from the telling me since they took me from the campsite 4 days ago. campsite 4 days ago. campsite 4 days ago. And when I say otherwise, they hit me so And when I say otherwise, they hit me so And when I say otherwise, they hit me so very hard. very hard. very hard. So I think so. And we were like, Malcolm, tell that And we were like, Malcolm, tell that And we were like, Malcolm, tell that dude where your parent what are you dude where your parent what are you dude where your parent what are you doing? Tell him we're your parents. doing? Tell him we're your parents. doing? Tell him we're your parents. And the guy's like, "Son, I'm going to And the guy's like, "Son, I'm going to And the guy's like, "Son, I'm going to ask you one more time, and this is very ask you one more time, and this is very ask you one more time, and this is very important. important. important. Are those two your parents?" Are those two your parents?" Are those two your parents?" And Malcolm goes, "Uhhuh." And Malcolm goes, "Uhhuh." And Malcolm goes, "Uhhuh." Like clearly under duressh. And then they just let us through cuz And then they just let us through cuz And then they just let us through cuz they're TSA and they're inept. they're TSA and they're inept. they're TSA and they're inept. TSA is like, "Hey, what if we took the TSA is like, "Hey, what if we took the TSA is like, "Hey, what if we took the crew of a Times Square McDonald's, put crew of a Times Square McDonald's, put crew of a Times Square McDonald's, put them in charge of global security? them in charge of global security? them in charge of global security? What's everybody think? Good idea or What's everybody think? Good idea or What's everybody think? Good idea or not? We get through the X-ray machine. We get through the X-ray machine. We get through the X-ray machine. Miraculously, Miraculously, Miraculously, I'm retrieving my bag and this other dad I'm retrieving my bag and this other dad I'm retrieving my bag and this other dad who was in line, he came up to me and he who was in line, he came up to me and he who was in line, he came up to me and he goes, "I'm not going to lie to you. That goes, "I'm not going to lie to you. That goes, "I'm not going to lie to you. That made me nervous." made me nervous." made me nervous." I go, "Made you nervous. I go, "Made you nervous. I go, "Made you nervous. If I don't get these two to Reno by If I don't get these two to Reno by If I don't get these two to Reno by Tuesday, I'm out 150k. That's my year, bud. That's my year. That's my year, bud. That's my year. That's my year, bud. That's my year. >> [laughter] >> The uh the exception to the rule of of >> The uh the exception to the rule of of >> The uh the exception to the rule of of Malcolm's shyness is is women. He likes Malcolm's shyness is is women. He likes Malcolm's shyness is is women. He likes talking to women. In fact, he'll only talking to women. In fact, he'll only talking to women. In fact, he'll only talk to women, which I so get. talk to women, which I so get. talk to women, which I so get. Men are the worst. If I had the option Men are the worst. If I had the option Men are the worst. If I had the option of never talking to a man again my of never talking to a man again my of never talking to a man again my entire life, I would take that option. entire life, I would take that option. entire life, I would take that option. But men keep talking to me and it feels But men keep talking to me and it feels But men keep talking to me and it feels rude not to respond. So I have to rude not to respond. So I have to rude not to respond. So I have to engage. My son, he's under no such engage. My son, he's under no such engage. My son, he's under no such societal constraints. He can talk to societal constraints. He can talk to societal constraints. He can talk to whoever he wants to talk to and he's whoever he wants to talk to and he's whoever he wants to talk to and he's decided that's only going to be women. decided that's only going to be women. decided that's only going to be women. So the other day, uh, we were at the So the other day, uh, we were at the So the other day, uh, we were at the park and we were playing Delivery Guys park and we were playing Delivery Guys park and we were playing Delivery Guys cuz my son will only play working-class cuz my son will only play working-class cuz my son will only play working-class games. [laughter] games. [laughter] games. [laughter] Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. delivery guys, firefighters, EMTs, delivery guys, firefighters, EMTs, delivery guys, firefighters, EMTs, construction workers. Something lets me construction workers. Something lets me construction workers. Something lets me know he doesn't respect what I do for a know he doesn't respect what I do for a know he doesn't respect what I do for a living at all. living at all. living at all. So, we're playing delivery guys and a So, we're playing delivery guys and a So, we're playing delivery guys and a woman comes running through the park woman comes running through the park woman comes running through the park right where we're playing. She's got right where we're playing. She's got right where we're playing. She's got earbuds on. She's jogging. She's minding earbuds on. She's jogging. She's minding earbuds on. She's jogging. She's minding her own business. And my son Malcolm her own business. And my son Malcolm her own business. And my son Malcolm just goes, "Hey, you." just goes, "Hey, you." just goes, "Hey, you." Yeah. like real delivery guy energy, you Yeah. like real delivery guy energy, you Yeah. like real delivery guy energy, you know, [laughter] just cat calls her, know, [laughter] just cat calls her, know, [laughter] just cat calls her, "Hey, you." "Hey, you." "Hey, you." And she stops and takes her earbuds out. And she stops and takes her earbuds out. And she stops and takes her earbuds out. She's like, "Uh, yeah, yes." He goes, She's like, "Uh, yeah, yes." He goes, She's like, "Uh, yeah, yes." He goes, "We're delivery guys." "We're delivery guys." "We're delivery guys." She goes, "Oh, yeah." He goes, "Yeah, my She goes, "Oh, yeah." He goes, "Yeah, my She goes, "Oh, yeah." He goes, "Yeah, my brother, my dad, me, we're delivery brother, my dad, me, we're delivery brother, my dad, me, we're delivery guys." And she goes, "Well, what are you And she goes, "Well, what are you And she goes, "Well, what are you delivering?" And he goes, "We're on a delivering?" And he goes, "We're on a delivering?" And he goes, "We're on a break." Like, I'm not pretending to know Like, I'm not pretending to know Like, I'm not pretending to know [clears throat] my son's eventual sexual [clears throat] my son's eventual sexual [clears throat] my son's eventual sexual preference, but if he ever decides that preference, but if he ever decides that preference, but if he ever decides that it is in fact women, he's already it is in fact women, he's already it is in fact women, he's already gaslighting at a high school level. gaslighting at a high school level. gaslighting at a high school level. Once he figures out that women love it Once he figures out that women love it Once he figures out that women love it when you tell him to smile more, he's when you tell him to smile more, he's when you tell him to smile more, he's going to crush. And I can feel a lot of women in the And I can feel a lot of women in the And I can feel a lot of women in the room not liking where that joke went. room not liking where that joke went. room not liking where that joke went. But I set up the joke by saying men are But I set up the joke by saying men are But I set up the joke by saying men are the worst. And then I ended the joke by the worst. And then I ended the joke by the worst. And then I ended the joke by giving an example of men being the giving an example of men being the giving an example of men being the worst. So I asked you, is it the joke worst. So I asked you, is it the joke worst. So I asked you, is it the joke that you don't like or do you just hate that you don't like or do you just hate that you don't like or do you just hate foreshadowing? [laughter] foreshadowing? [laughter] foreshadowing? [laughter] >> My first job uh I was a teacher. That's >> My first job uh I was a teacher. That's >> My first job uh I was a teacher. That's what I did. And uh first job I lied to what I did. And uh first job I lied to what I did. And uh first job I lied to get a job because there were no fizzed get a job because there were no fizzed get a job because there were no fizzed jobs. And that completely backfired. jobs. And that completely backfired. jobs. And that completely backfired. They made me teach grade 12 history. They made me teach grade 12 history. They made me teach grade 12 history. I know. I didn't even take grade 12 I know. I didn't even take grade 12 I know. I didn't even take grade 12 history when I was in high school. So history when I was in high school. So history when I was in high school. So I'm teaching it and I'm like the 10th I'm teaching it and I'm like the 10th I'm teaching it and I'm like the 10th smartest person in the class. smartest person in the class. smartest person in the class. That's not good. Awful. No idea what I That's not good. Awful. No idea what I That's not good. Awful. No idea what I was doing. Had never taken history in my was doing. Had never taken history in my was doing. Had never taken history in my life. I had to go home every night, read life. I had to go home every night, read life. I had to go home every night, read the chapters myself first to learn the chapters myself first to learn the chapters myself first to learn everything, then I'd come in and teach everything, then I'd come in and teach everything, then I'd come in and teach it. That's how the whole year was. I'd it. That's how the whole year was. I'd it. That's how the whole year was. I'd even I'd even assign the homework like even I'd even assign the homework like even I'd even assign the homework like this every night. All right? Tonight for this every night. All right? Tonight for this every night. All right? Tonight for homework, like you to read chapters homework, like you to read chapters homework, like you to read chapters 1 to three, okay? And then stop reading. 1 to three, okay? And then stop reading. 1 to three, okay? And then stop reading. All right? Don't go reading ahead. Don't go reading ahead. Don't go reading ahead. coming in asking questions tomorrow on coming in asking questions tomorrow on coming in asking questions tomorrow on stuff I haven't learned yet. That's a no stuff I haven't learned yet. That's a no stuff I haven't learned yet. That's a no no. We don't do that no. We don't do that no. We don't do that cuz that's what the smart kids would do. cuz that's what the smart kids would do. cuz that's what the smart kids would do. Every day I had this kid Duncan. Every Every day I had this kid Duncan. Every Every day I had this kid Duncan. Every day he had a new question. Sir, day he had a new question. Sir, day he had a new question. Sir, what happened to the Mayan civilization? what happened to the Mayan civilization? what happened to the Mayan civilization? What chapter is that? Duncan 15. 15. 15. What are you a loser? You read the whole What are you a loser? You read the whole What are you a loser? You read the whole book already. book already. book already. I couldn't call him a loser. I could I couldn't call him a loser. I could I couldn't call him a loser. I could think it. think it. think it. But that's the thing, right? Teachers But that's the thing, right? Teachers But that's the thing, right? Teachers don't know the answer. We don't admit don't know the answer. We don't admit don't know the answer. We don't admit it. I never said I don't know. I'd lie. it. I never said I don't know. I'd lie. it. I never said I don't know. I'd lie. Throw it back on the kids. That was my Throw it back on the kids. That was my Throw it back on the kids. That was my trick. Oh, is that right, Duncan? trick. Oh, is that right, Duncan? trick. Oh, is that right, Duncan? So, you think I'm just going to spoon So, you think I'm just going to spoon So, you think I'm just going to spoon feed you the answers all year, do you? feed you the answers all year, do you? feed you the answers all year, do you? No, that's not how I teach kids. So, No, that's not how I teach kids. So, No, that's not how I teach kids. So, thanks to Duncan, I would like the rest thanks to Duncan, I would like the rest thanks to Duncan, I would like the rest of you to go home tonight and look up. of you to go home tonight and look up. of you to go home tonight and look up. What happened to whatever he's mumbling What happened to whatever he's mumbling What happened to whatever he's mumbling about at the back? about at the back? about at the back? [applause] That was my [applause] That was my [applause] That was my That was my WHOLE YEAR. IT'S HORRIBLE. That was my WHOLE YEAR. IT'S HORRIBLE. That was my WHOLE YEAR. IT'S HORRIBLE. I'D HAVE DUNCAN COME UP AND WRITE THE I'D HAVE DUNCAN COME UP AND WRITE THE I'D HAVE DUNCAN COME UP AND WRITE THE QUESTION ON THE BOARD IN BIG letters QUESTION ON THE BOARD IN BIG letters QUESTION ON THE BOARD IN BIG letters cuz I needed to see how he spelled Mayan cuz I needed to see how he spelled Mayan cuz I needed to see how he spelled Mayan SO I COULD GOOGLE IT LATER MYSELF. SO I COULD GOOGLE IT LATER MYSELF. SO I COULD GOOGLE IT LATER MYSELF. THANK God for Google when you can't THANK God for Google when you can't THANK God for Google when you can't spell something. AT THE TOP IT SAYS, spell something. AT THE TOP IT SAYS, spell something. AT THE TOP IT SAYS, "DID YOU MEAN THIS WORD, IDIOT?" "DID YOU MEAN THIS WORD, IDIOT?" "DID YOU MEAN THIS WORD, IDIOT?" Thank you, Google Master. Thank you, Google Master. Thank you, Google Master. It's horrible. Then you had to come in It's horrible. Then you had to come in It's horrible. Then you had to come in the next day, take up the homework. the next day, take up the homework. the next day, take up the homework. I still don't know what happened to the I still don't know what happened to the I still don't know what happened to the Mayan civilization. Kids have their kids Mayan civilization. Kids have their kids Mayan civilization. Kids have their kids have their hand up. I'm like, "Put your have their hand up. I'm like, "Put your have their hand up. I'm like, "Put your hand down, Dave. You got a 30 average. hand down, Dave. You got a 30 average. hand down, Dave. You got a 30 average. I'm not gambling on your answer. Can't ask a kid with a 30 average. I Can't ask a kid with a 30 average. I Can't ask a kid with a 30 average. I don't know if he's right or wrong. He's don't know if he's right or wrong. He's don't know if he's right or wrong. He's going to give an answer. I'm just going going to give an answer. I'm just going going to give an answer. I'm just going to be like this. to be like this. to be like this. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> That's a good, good, good. Let's see >> That's a good, good, good. Let's see >> That's a good, good, good. Let's see what someone smarter than you thinks. what someone smarter than you thinks. what someone smarter than you thinks. That's how I had to Lorraine, That's how I had to Lorraine, That's how I had to Lorraine, can you tell us what happened to the can you tell us what happened to the can you tell us what happened to the Mayan civilization Mayan civilization Mayan civilization and then whatever she would say, I would and then whatever she would say, I would and then whatever she would say, I would vote. How many people agree with that vote. How many people agree with that vote. How many people agree with that answer? answer? answer? There you go, Duncan. It's exactly what There you go, Duncan. It's exactly what There you go, Duncan. It's exactly what happened right there. happened right there. happened right there. There's a whole year of that. One kid There's a whole year of that. One kid There's a whole year of that. One kid smoked pot every day. Unbelievable. smoked pot every day. Unbelievable. smoked pot every day. Unbelievable. Pot. This kid would smoke it every Pot. This kid would smoke it every Pot. This kid would smoke it every morning. 9:00, first period. Walk in morning. 9:00, first period. Walk in morning. 9:00, first period. Walk in stoned every day. Like, I'm stupid. I stoned every day. Like, I'm stupid. I stoned every day. Like, I'm stupid. I can't tell you're stoned. It's 12th can't tell you're stoned. It's 12th can't tell you're stoned. It's 12th grade. You stick out like a sore thumb. grade. You stick out like a sore thumb. grade. You stick out like a sore thumb. Teachers aren't idiots. Then I thought Teachers aren't idiots. Then I thought Teachers aren't idiots. Then I thought about it. I think the only grade that about it. I think the only grade that about it. I think the only grade that kids could have smoked up before class kids could have smoked up before class kids could have smoked up before class and walked in without getting caught was and walked in without getting caught was and walked in without getting caught was kindergarten. That's the only grade. kindergarten. That's the only grade. kindergarten. That's the only grade. Think about it. You could have smoked up Think about it. You could have smoked up Think about it. You could have smoked up all you want before kindergarten. all you want before kindergarten. all you want before kindergarten. Stormed into class. Stormed into class. Stormed into class. No one would know. It took everybody an No one would know. It took everybody an No one would know. It took everybody an hour and a half to get their coat and hour and a half to get their coat and hour and a half to get their coat and boots off. You smoke up all you want. You smoke up all you want. You smoke up all you want. You'd be taking forever to get your You'd be taking forever to get your You'd be taking forever to get your boots off. boots off. boots off. So would everybody else. You'd be like, So would everybody else. You'd be like, So would everybody else. You'd be like, "God, everybody's smoked up today. Look "God, everybody's smoked up today. Look "God, everybody's smoked up today. Look at this. at this. at this. Who's the dealer?" Who's the dealer?" Who's the dealer?" Imagine being stoned at the age of four. Imagine being stoned at the age of four. Imagine being stoned at the age of four. That would be hilarious. That would be hilarious. That would be hilarious. Trying to get that piece of crap $8 Trying to get that piece of crap $8 Trying to get that piece of crap $8 snowsuit off. Remember this thing from snowsuit off. Remember this thing from snowsuit off. Remember this thing from Kmart? Kmart? Kmart? Had one zipper, Had one zipper, Had one zipper, stuttered at your forehead. stuttered at your forehead. stuttered at your forehead. couldn't breathe for the first three couldn't breathe for the first three couldn't breathe for the first three minutes of the day. Got stuck 15 times. minutes of the day. Got stuck 15 times. minutes of the day. Got stuck 15 times. You're stoned out of your mind walking You're stoned out of your mind walking You're stoned out of your mind walking around going, "God, it's hot. It's hot. around going, "God, it's hot. It's hot. around going, "God, it's hot. It's hot. It's June. Why am I wearing a snowsuit? It's June. Why am I wearing a snowsuit? It's June. Why am I wearing a snowsuit? This pot is screwing up my ability to This pot is screwing up my ability to This pot is screwing up my ability to recognize the seasons. recognize the seasons. recognize the seasons. What kind of crap zipper was that?" One What kind of crap zipper was that?" One What kind of crap zipper was that?" One zipper zipper zipper went only the left leg came out. went only the left leg came out. went only the left leg came out. Remember it started up here, Remember it started up here, Remember it started up here, wrapped around a couple times in case it wrapped around a couple times in case it wrapped around a couple times in case it wasn't on tight enough where we wrap it wasn't on tight enough where we wrap it wasn't on tight enough where we wrap it up. And then only the left leg. That's up. And then only the left leg. That's up. And then only the left leg. That's it was made. People making it were like, it was made. People making it were like, it was made. People making it were like, "Let the little ptheads figure it out. "Let the little ptheads figure it out. "Let the little ptheads figure it out. This is we don't need two zippers." This is we don't need two zippers." This is we don't need two zippers." So you're stoned out of your mind and So you're stoned out of your mind and So you're stoned out of your mind and you can't get it off. You're like, "I you can't get it off. You're like, "I you can't get it off. You're like, "I can't get the right leg out." And you're can't get the right leg out." And you're can't get the right leg out." And you're dragging around your snowsuit. You think dragging around your snowsuit. You think dragging around your snowsuit. You think it's a dead body cuz of the pot. You're it's a dead body cuz of the pot. You're it's a dead body cuz of the pot. You're like, "Whoa, there's a dead body." like, "Whoa, there's a dead body." like, "Whoa, there's a dead body." You're getting tired. That's a great You're getting tired. That's a great You're getting tired. That's a great grade to be still. Miss, I'm tired. grade to be still. Miss, I'm tired. grade to be still. Miss, I'm tired. When's our nap? Oh, When's our nap? Oh, When's our nap? Oh, did I miss snack time? I'm starving. I'm so hungry. I'm so hungry. I'm so hungry. I'm very happy to be living with Chad. I I'm very happy to be living with Chad. I I'm very happy to be living with Chad. I lived alone for a few years after the lived alone for a few years after the lived alone for a few years after the divorce. I feel like if you live alone divorce. I feel like if you live alone divorce. I feel like if you live alone for too long, you start to become feral. for too long, you start to become feral. for too long, you start to become feral. Make some noise if you live alone RIGHT Make some noise if you live alone RIGHT Make some noise if you live alone RIGHT NOW. NOW. NOW. >> All right, so that's 12 people who >> All right, so that's 12 people who >> All right, so that's 12 people who showered for the first time tonight. showered for the first time tonight. showered for the first time tonight. Good for you. I am honored to be the Good for you. I am honored to be the Good for you. I am honored to be the reason you would bathe and leave your reason you would bathe and leave your reason you would bathe and leave your home [laughter] home [laughter] home [laughter] because you don't have to do anything because you don't have to do anything because you don't have to do anything when you live alone. There's nobody when you live alone. There's nobody when you live alone. There's nobody around to judge you and you start to act around to judge you and you start to act around to judge you and you start to act like you were raised by wolves, right? I like you were raised by wolves, right? I like you were raised by wolves, right? I watched myself do something so unhinged watched myself do something so unhinged watched myself do something so unhinged at one point. I don't know if you guys at one point. I don't know if you guys at one point. I don't know if you guys have it in your shower where if the have it in your shower where if the have it in your shower where if the water's been hitting the shower curtain water's been hitting the shower curtain water's been hitting the shower curtain for a long time, it starts to get kind for a long time, it starts to get kind for a long time, it starts to get kind of discolored at the bottom. I tried of discolored at the bottom. I tried of discolored at the bottom. I tried cleaning it. It wouldn't come off. And cleaning it. It wouldn't come off. And cleaning it. It wouldn't come off. And instead of just going and buying a new instead of just going and buying a new instead of just going and buying a new shower curtain like a normal person, I shower curtain like a normal person, I shower curtain like a normal person, I just sat in my bathtub with scissors and just sat in my bathtub with scissors and just sat in my bathtub with scissors and I just cut the bottom. [laughter] I just went full method. I was just like I just went full method. I was just like I just went full method. I was just like >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Arts and crafts. Arts and crafts. I literally gave my shower bangs. I literally gave my shower bangs. I literally gave my shower bangs. It's not a mentally stable place to be It's not a mentally stable place to be It's not a mentally stable place to be in. [laughter] in. [laughter] in. [laughter] And then of course it really looked And then of course it really looked And then of course it really looked like. So I went to Target and they had like. So I went to Target and they had like. So I went to Target and they had just released fall candles. And I just released fall candles. And I just released fall candles. And I learned that day that if you smell learned that day that if you smell learned that day that if you smell candles for 30 minutes straight, you candles for 30 minutes straight, you candles for 30 minutes straight, you will accidentally get a little high. Nothing crazy, but I'm a lightweight and Nothing crazy, but I'm a lightweight and Nothing crazy, but I'm a lightweight and nobody in the DARE program talked to me nobody in the DARE program talked to me nobody in the DARE program talked to me about candles. about candles. about candles. So, I was unprepared for what happened So, I was unprepared for what happened So, I was unprepared for what happened to my body. So, I was floating around to my body. So, I was floating around to my body. So, I was floating around Target. I grabbed the shower curtain I Target. I grabbed the shower curtain I Target. I grabbed the shower curtain I wanted. And when I went home and hung it wanted. And when I went home and hung it wanted. And when I went home and hung it up, it only stretched like half the up, it only stretched like half the up, it only stretched like half the length of my shower. And it was so long. length of my shower. And it was so long. length of my shower. And it was so long. Five extra feet of fabric coming off the Five extra feet of fabric coming off the Five extra feet of fabric coming off the bottom of this thing. bottom of this thing. bottom of this thing. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> And my steps sister came over the next >> And my steps sister came over the next >> And my steps sister came over the next day and she used my bathroom and she day and she used my bathroom and she day and she used my bathroom and she came out and she goes, "Why do you have came out and she goes, "Why do you have came out and she goes, "Why do you have a window curtain in there?" [laughter] I was like, "What now?" I was like, "What now?" I was like, "What now?" She goes, "That's a window curtain. She goes, "That's a window curtain. She goes, "That's a window curtain. [laughter] You didn't think it was weird [laughter] You didn't think it was weird [laughter] You didn't think it was weird that when you hung it up, there was an that when you hung it up, there was an that when you hung it up, there was an entire Met Gala ball gown coming off of entire Met Gala ball gown coming off of entire Met Gala ball gown coming off of it. [laughter] it. [laughter] it. [laughter] I was like, I accidentally got up on I was like, I accidentally got up on I was like, I accidentally got up on pumpkin spice and I blacked out, but I pumpkin spice and I blacked out, but I pumpkin spice and I blacked out, but I don't want to talk about it, don't want to talk about it, don't want to talk about it, but it's fine. I can fix this. And I but it's fine. I can fix this. And I but it's fine. I can fix this. And I grab my scissors and I just cut them grab my scissors and I just cut them grab my scissors and I just cut them off. off. off. >> I think white people are the only race >> I think white people are the only race >> I think white people are the only race of people that like to be scared for of people that like to be scared for of people that like to be scared for fun. Like you feel me? Not an attack doesn't Like you feel me? Not an attack doesn't Like you feel me? Not an attack doesn't make you bad. Makes you interested. make you bad. Makes you interested. make you bad. Makes you interested. But not bad. BUT BUNGEE JUMPING, But not bad. BUT BUNGEE JUMPING, But not bad. BUT BUNGEE JUMPING, SKYDIVING, SWIMMING WITH SHARKS. THESE SKYDIVING, SWIMMING WITH SHARKS. THESE SKYDIVING, SWIMMING WITH SHARKS. THESE ARE torture tactics. ARE torture tactics. ARE torture tactics. Some of you pay for them. [laughter] Some of you pay for them. [laughter] Some of you pay for them. [laughter] That's a curveball. That's a curveball. That's a curveball. I just think white people get to have a I just think white people get to have a I just think white people get to have a different relationship with fear. different relationship with fear. different relationship with fear. Doesn't make anyone bad. I just think Doesn't make anyone bad. I just think Doesn't make anyone bad. I just think it's an interesting observation. White it's an interesting observation. White it's an interesting observation. White people can have a different relationship people can have a different relationship people can have a different relationship with fear. Like I think white people are with fear. Like I think white people are with fear. Like I think white people are the only people you could walk up to and the only people you could walk up to and the only people you could walk up to and just be like, "Hey, you want to do just be like, "Hey, you want to do just be like, "Hey, you want to do something scary today?" And y'all will something scary today?" And y'all will something scary today?" And y'all will just outright say no. just outright say no. just outright say no. You feel me? You'll be like, "Well, what You feel me? You'll be like, "Well, what You feel me? You'll be like, "Well, what do you got in mind?" You feel me? BUT LIKE YOU GO TO ANYBODY You feel me? BUT LIKE YOU GO TO ANYBODY You feel me? BUT LIKE YOU GO TO ANYBODY OF ANOTHER RACE, THEY'RE LIKE, "NO." OF ANOTHER RACE, THEY'RE LIKE, "NO." OF ANOTHER RACE, THEY'RE LIKE, "NO." BUT LIKE WHITE PEOPLE HAVE FOLLOW-UP BUT LIKE WHITE PEOPLE HAVE FOLLOW-UP BUT LIKE WHITE PEOPLE HAVE FOLLOW-UP QUESTIONS SOMETIMES. They're like, QUESTIONS SOMETIMES. They're like, QUESTIONS SOMETIMES. They're like, "Well, what are you thinking?" Okay. "Well, what are you thinking?" Okay. "Well, what are you thinking?" Okay. Look at roller coasters, right? Theme Look at roller coasters, right? Theme Look at roller coasters, right? Theme park owners know white people love being park owners know white people love being park owners know white people love being scared so much you'll pay for a picture scared so much you'll pay for a picture scared so much you'll pay for a picture of your own face terrified. of your own face terrified. of your own face terrified. That's [laughter] their business model. That's [laughter] their business model. That's [laughter] their business model. That's how reliable it is. They were That's how reliable it is. They were That's how reliable it is. They were like, "Yeah, that's where we're going to like, "Yeah, that's where we're going to like, "Yeah, that's where we're going to get the rest of the money." get the rest of the money." get the rest of the money." I've been in so many white homes and I've been in so many white homes and I've been in so many white homes and seen a framed picture seen a framed picture seen a framed picture of the entire family terrified. of the entire family terrified. of the entire family terrified. WHY? WHY IS THAT EVEN A THING? I haven't WHY? WHY IS THAT EVEN A THING? I haven't WHY? WHY IS THAT EVEN A THING? I haven't BEEN IN ONE BLACK FAMILY'S HOME AND SEEN BEEN IN ONE BLACK FAMILY'S HOME AND SEEN BEEN IN ONE BLACK FAMILY'S HOME AND SEEN A PICTURE OF FOUR BLACK PEOPLE A PICTURE OF FOUR BLACK PEOPLE A PICTURE OF FOUR BLACK PEOPLE ABSOLUTELY TERRIFIED. And they're like, ABSOLUTELY TERRIFIED. And they're like, ABSOLUTELY TERRIFIED. And they're like, "Yeah, that's the time I got stuck up at "Yeah, that's the time I got stuck up at "Yeah, that's the time I got stuck up at gunpoint right there. That's us. This is gunpoint right there. That's us. This is gunpoint right there. That's us. This is where I tried to sell my kids for my own where I tried to sell my kids for my own where I tried to sell my kids for my own life." So wild to me, man. And understand what So wild to me, man. And understand what So wild to me, man. And understand what I'm saying cuz I understand I'm I'm saying cuz I understand I'm I'm saying cuz I understand I'm generally speaking, right? I'm speaking generally speaking, right? I'm speaking generally speaking, right? I'm speaking in generalities. I understand there are in generalities. I understand there are in generalities. I understand there are special case scenarios for everything. special case scenarios for everything. special case scenarios for everything. So please like I'm not being So please like I'm not being So please like I'm not being irresponsible with this. Just be on the irresponsible with this. Just be on the irresponsible with this. Just be on the same page with me. I'm just saying same page with me. I'm just saying same page with me. I'm just saying generally speaking though that kind of generally speaking though that kind of generally speaking though that kind of holds true. holds true. holds true. I'm generally speaking I'm generally speaking I'm generally speaking I feel like white people feel fear so I feel like white people feel fear so I feel like white people feel fear so rarely rarely rarely that y'all schedule it as a vacation that y'all schedule it as a vacation that y'all schedule it as a vacation activity. Like you feel what I'm saying? Like Like you feel what I'm saying? Like Like you feel what I'm saying? Like literally put it on a schedule. You're literally put it on a schedule. You're literally put it on a schedule. You're like, "At 12:00, we're going to have like, "At 12:00, we're going to have like, "At 12:00, we're going to have lunch. At 1:00, we're going to pet a lunch. At 1:00, we're going to pet a lunch. At 1:00, we're going to pet a tiger." You're like, "What the are you tiger." You're like, "What the are you tiger." You're like, "What the are you talking about? A tiger? Huh?" You know talking about? A tiger? Huh?" You know talking about? A tiger? Huh?" You know what? No one black has ever said to me, what? No one black has ever said to me, what? No one black has ever said to me, "I want to go on a safari." "I want to go on a safari." "I want to go on a safari." Not once. I got so many black friends, Not once. I got so many black friends, Not once. I got so many black friends, no one's ever wanted to go. It's our no one's ever wanted to go. It's our no one's ever wanted to go. It's our country. And we're like, nah. country. And we're like, nah. country. And we're like, nah. But I have so many white friends that But I have so many white friends that But I have so many white friends that want to go. Doesn't make them bad. I'm want to go. Doesn't make them bad. I'm want to go. Doesn't make them bad. I'm just saying it's an interesting just saying it's an interesting just saying it's an interesting difference that you can spot and go, difference that you can spot and go, difference that you can spot and go, "Oh, okay. Why doesn't the safari sound "Oh, okay. Why doesn't the safari sound "Oh, okay. Why doesn't the safari sound insane to everybody?" insane to everybody?" insane to everybody?" I didn't realize it was something we I didn't realize it was something we I didn't realize it was something we were so like polarized on. I thought we were so like polarized on. I thought we were so like polarized on. I thought we were all of the same mind. Like, were all of the same mind. Like, were all of the same mind. Like, that'sing crazy. And apparently we don't that'sing crazy. And apparently we don't that'sing crazy. And apparently we don't agree. agree. agree. I never understood like why it isn't I never understood like why it isn't I never understood like why it isn't crazy. You want to go to the zoo without crazy. You want to go to the zoo without crazy. You want to go to the zoo without the walls? That's what we want to do. You want to That's what we want to do. You want to That's what we want to do. You want to take away my favorite part of the zoo? THE PART WHERE they can't get me. THAT THE PART WHERE they can't get me. THAT THE PART WHERE they can't get me. THAT THAT'S WHAT WE'RE TAKING AWAY. OH, all THAT'S WHAT WE'RE TAKING AWAY. OH, all THAT'S WHAT WE'RE TAKING AWAY. OH, all right. [laughter] Every time I GO TO THE right. [laughter] Every time I GO TO THE right. [laughter] Every time I GO TO THE ZOO, I'M PEOPLE ARE LOOKING AT THE ZOO, I'M PEOPLE ARE LOOKING AT THE ZOO, I'M PEOPLE ARE LOOKING AT THE ANIMALS. I'M LOOKING AT THE STRUCTURES. ANIMALS. I'M LOOKING AT THE STRUCTURES. ANIMALS. I'M LOOKING AT THE STRUCTURES. I'm like, that's a good wall. I'm like, that's a good wall. I'm like, that's a good wall. Like that net. Love that glass. Like that net. Love that glass. Like that net. Love that glass. I'VE NEVER UNDERSTOOD IT. WHY DOESN'T A I'VE NEVER UNDERSTOOD IT. WHY DOESN'T A I'VE NEVER UNDERSTOOD IT. WHY DOESN'T A SAFARI SOUND DANGEROUS TO EVERYBODY? SAFARI SOUND DANGEROUS TO EVERYBODY? SAFARI SOUND DANGEROUS TO EVERYBODY? IT'S NOT EVEN A SAFE WEB BROWSER. IT'S NOT EVEN A SAFE WEB BROWSER. IT'S NOT EVEN A SAFE WEB BROWSER. You feel me? You ever open up Safari in You feel me? You ever open up Safari in You feel me? You ever open up Safari in front of somebody with Firefox? What the front of somebody with Firefox? What the front of somebody with Firefox? What the are you doing, man? are you doing, man? are you doing, man? >> My wife Lindsay's a she's a good >> My wife Lindsay's a she's a good >> My wife Lindsay's a she's a good stepmom. She's great with the kids. She stepmom. She's great with the kids. She stepmom. She's great with the kids. She gets along with my ex-wife, which is gets along with my ex-wife, which is gets along with my ex-wife, which is nice. I get along with my ex-wife, too, nice. I get along with my ex-wife, too, nice. I get along with my ex-wife, too, you know, for the most part. Uh, you you know, for the most part. Uh, you you know, for the most part. Uh, you know, we try and run parenting decisions know, we try and run parenting decisions know, we try and run parenting decisions by the other person. She's only done by the other person. She's only done by the other person. She's only done something once that really really made something once that really really made something once that really really made me mad cuz she never ran it by me and I me mad cuz she never ran it by me and I me mad cuz she never ran it by me and I thought it was kind of an important thought it was kind of an important thought it was kind of an important decision. Uh, just without consulting decision. Uh, just without consulting decision. Uh, just without consulting me, she just went out and got my kids, a me, she just went out and got my kids, a me, she just went out and got my kids, a giant stepdad, and I didn't care for it. Had I been and I didn't care for it. Had I been and I didn't care for it. Had I been consulted, I would have preferred a tiny consulted, I would have preferred a tiny consulted, I would have preferred a tiny stepped up. stepped up. stepped up. It did irritate me for for whatever It did irritate me for for whatever It did irritate me for for whatever reason. I just I I hoped and I assumed I reason. I just I I hoped and I assumed I reason. I just I I hoped and I assumed I would be like the bigger dude. And I would be like the bigger dude. And I would be like the bigger dude. And I just wanted that to be reality. And then just wanted that to be reality. And then just wanted that to be reality. And then this guy's like 6'5, you know, probably this guy's like 6'5, you know, probably this guy's like 6'5, you know, probably 250, 260. First time I saw him, I just 250, 260. First time I saw him, I just 250, 260. First time I saw him, I just had a sick feeling in my stomach just had a sick feeling in my stomach just had a sick feeling in my stomach just like, "NO, [laughter] like, "NO, [laughter] like, "NO, [laughter] NO, NO, NO, why can't he be like 5'1, buck 10 or why can't he be like 5'1, buck 10 or why can't he be like 5'1, buck 10 or something?" something?" something?" Some little step guy can toss around to Some little step guy can toss around to Some little step guy can toss around to amuse the kids. amuse the kids. amuse the kids. [laughter] That's a fun stepdad. The one [laughter] That's a fun stepdad. The one [laughter] That's a fun stepdad. The one who lets you toss him around. Hey kids, who lets you toss him around. Hey kids, who lets you toss him around. Hey kids, you want to see how I can tell your you want to see how I can tell your you want to see how I can tell your stepdad today? It's funny, right? Get stepdad today? It's funny, right? Get stepdad today? It's funny, right? Get over here. Shouldn't matter. He's a good stepdad. Shouldn't matter. He's a good stepdad. Shouldn't matter. He's a good stepdad. You know, he's nice to the kid. That's You know, he's nice to the kid. That's You know, he's nice to the kid. That's all that's all that really matters. I all that's all that really matters. I all that's all that really matters. I don't think about him being being don't think about him being being don't think about him being being bigger, you know, a lot consciously, but bigger, you know, a lot consciously, but bigger, you know, a lot consciously, but he's definitely snuck into my he's definitely snuck into my he's definitely snuck into my subconscious. subconscious. subconscious. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> cuz I'll be having weird daydreams. >> cuz I'll be having weird daydreams. >> cuz I'll be having weird daydreams. He'll make a cameo, you know. I don't He'll make a cameo, you know. I don't He'll make a cameo, you know. I don't even know why I'm really thinking about even know why I'm really thinking about even know why I'm really thinking about it. I have thinking about some little it. I have thinking about some little it. I have thinking about some little kid, you know, playground argument. kid, you know, playground argument. kid, you know, playground argument. Like, yeah, my dad could beat up your Like, yeah, my dad could beat up your Like, yeah, my dad could beat up your dad. dad. dad. Maybe. I don't know. Maybe. I don't know. Maybe. I don't know. He might not, you know, if I really He might not, you know, if I really He might not, you know, if I really think about it, my stepdad could crush think about it, my stepdad could crush think about it, my stepdad could crush your dad for sure. your dad for sure. your dad for sure. My stepdad would destroy your dad. My My stepdad would destroy your dad. My My stepdad would destroy your dad. My dad, he'd probably have something funny dad, he'd probably have something funny dad, he'd probably have something funny to say about I don't know. Let's just to say about I don't know. Let's just to say about I don't know. Let's just keep throwing a witty comment from a keep throwing a witty comment from a keep throwing a witty comment from a safe distance. safe distance. safe distance. Make up excuses later why he couldn't Make up excuses later why he couldn't Make up excuses later why he couldn't join in. You know, I think it's every dad wants to be the I think it's every dad wants to be the I think it's every dad wants to be the alpha in the family. You know, like as a alpha in the family. You know, like as a alpha in the family. You know, like as a guy you want to you want to be able to guy you want to you want to be able to guy you want to you want to be able to protect the the kids. Like if god forbid protect the the kids. Like if god forbid protect the the kids. Like if god forbid my kid stepdad ever, you know, did my kid stepdad ever, you know, did my kid stepdad ever, you know, did something like smacked him around, I something like smacked him around, I something like smacked him around, I would like to be able to smack him would like to be able to smack him would like to be able to smack him around without even thinking about it, around without even thinking about it, around without even thinking about it, you know? Just go just go knock him you know? Just go just go knock him you know? Just go just go knock him around, see how he likes it. I want to around, see how he likes it. I want to around, see how he likes it. I want to be that kind of dad. I don't want to be be that kind of dad. I don't want to be be that kind of dad. I don't want to be the kind of dad. He's like, "What?" Your the kind of dad. He's like, "What?" Your the kind of dad. He's like, "What?" Your stepdad hit you guys. Seriously, both of stepdad hit you guys. Seriously, both of stepdad hit you guys. Seriously, both of you, you, you, man. That's rough. Bet that hurt. He's a big guy. Bet that hurt. He's a big guy. Bet that hurt. He's a big guy. He probably hits pretty hard. He probably hits pretty hard. He probably hits pretty hard. Not going to lie. You're in a tough Not going to lie. You're in a tough Not going to lie. You're in a tough spot. spot. spot. You're going to want to want to think You're going to want to want to think You're going to want to want to think about what you did to upset him and about what you did to upset him and about what you did to upset him and probably try and just do less of that. probably try and just do less of that. probably try and just do less of that. Good luck. Good luck. Good luck. For years, I tried to get these greeting For years, I tried to get these greeting For years, I tried to get these greeting cards on storeshelves cards on storeshelves cards on storeshelves and it just never worked. I don't know and it just never worked. I don't know and it just never worked. I don't know why. I thought they were fun. I feel why. I thought they were fun. I feel why. I thought they were fun. I feel like there's kind of, you know, meaner like there's kind of, you know, meaner like there's kind of, you know, meaner cards out there now, which is more my cards out there now, which is more my cards out there now, which is more my sense of humor, but maybe maybe they sense of humor, but maybe maybe they sense of humor, but maybe maybe they just weren't ready for them. I had fun just weren't ready for them. I had fun just weren't ready for them. I had fun stuff like, "Happy New Year's, buddy. I stuff like, "Happy New Year's, buddy. I stuff like, "Happy New Year's, buddy. I made a resolution to hang out with made a resolution to hang out with made a resolution to hang out with smarter, more attractive friends. You smarter, more attractive friends. You smarter, more attractive friends. You take care of yourself." I want to thank you for making me I want to thank you for making me I want to thank you for making me believe again in the possibility of believe again in the possibility of believe again in the possibility of Sasquatch. There's no way that thing's Sasquatch. There's no way that thing's Sasquatch. There's no way that thing's entirely human. Congratulations on your entirely human. Congratulations on your entirely human. Congratulations on your new baby. new baby. new baby. As each day passes, you grow older and As each day passes, you grow older and As each day passes, you grow older and weaker. I've been working out. Revenge weaker. I've been working out. Revenge weaker. I've been working out. Revenge is near. Happy Father's Day. What is near. Happy Father's Day. What is near. Happy Father's Day. What happened? You know, I I I have four happened? You know, I I I have four happened? You know, I I I have four older brothers. Okay. Three of my older older brothers. Okay. Three of my older older brothers. Okay. Three of my older brothers, super fun. Life of the party. brothers, super fun. Life of the party. brothers, super fun. Life of the party. One of my older brothers, One of my older brothers, One of my older brothers, kind of a hard ass. kind of a hard ass. kind of a hard ass. bit of a bully. bit of a bully. bit of a bully. When we were kids, he would beat us more When we were kids, he would beat us more When we were kids, he would beat us more than our parents. than our parents. than our parents. That's just wrong. Now, guess which one of my brothers Now, guess which one of my brothers Now, guess which one of my brothers became a cop? So, I called him by accident. Do you So, I called him by accident. Do you So, I called him by accident. Do you ever call the wrong sibling? Hello. Like, oh, Hello. Like, oh, Hello. Like, oh, now I got to think of something to say. now I got to think of something to say. now I got to think of something to say. So, like, well, kids. He has kids. I So, like, well, kids. He has kids. I So, like, well, kids. He has kids. I have kids. That we get that out of the have kids. That we get that out of the have kids. That we get that out of the way. Five minutes. HEY, MAN. WHAT'S way. Five minutes. HEY, MAN. WHAT'S way. Five minutes. HEY, MAN. WHAT'S GOING ON? Just uh checking in, seeing GOING ON? Just uh checking in, seeing GOING ON? Just uh checking in, seeing what how you doing, you know. Uh just what how you doing, you know. Uh just what how you doing, you know. Uh just got Nelly. That's my youngest daughter. got Nelly. That's my youngest daughter. got Nelly. That's my youngest daughter. Just got Nelly your last set of Just got Nelly your last set of Just got Nelly your last set of vaccinations, so she's all caught up. vaccinations, so she's all caught up. vaccinations, so she's all caught up. Yeah, we're not going to be doing that Yeah, we're not going to be doing that Yeah, we're not going to be doing that around here. around here. around here. Going to keep our DNA intact. Going to keep our DNA intact. Going to keep our DNA intact. >> Now, my brother knows my daughter is >> Now, my brother knows my daughter is >> Now, my brother knows my daughter is adopted. adopted. adopted. I have three daughters. They're all from I have three daughters. They're all from I have three daughters. They're all from China China China because I'm terrified of my DNA. because I'm terrified of my DNA. because I'm terrified of my DNA. AND I'M SORRY, I DON'T UNDERSTAND HOW IT AND I'M SORRY, I DON'T UNDERSTAND HOW IT AND I'M SORRY, I DON'T UNDERSTAND HOW IT CAN BE in this day and age that an CAN BE in this day and age that an CAN BE in this day and age that an educated person can be against something educated person can be against something educated person can be against something as fundamentally beneficial as a as fundamentally beneficial as a as fundamentally beneficial as a vaccine. vaccine. vaccine. And then it hit me. And then it hit me. And then it hit me. You know why they're against it? You know why they're against it? You know why they're against it? Cuz other people are for it. The end. That's it. [applause] That's it. [applause] That's it. [applause] You just HAVE TO BE FOR something and You just HAVE TO BE FOR something and You just HAVE TO BE FOR something and they'll show up. [laughter] they'll show up. [laughter] they'll show up. [laughter] It's all they have. It's what they do. It's all they have. It's what they do. It's all they have. It's what they do. Go online tomorrow morning and just Go online tomorrow morning and just Go online tomorrow morning and just quietly post, "I like French toast. quietly post, "I like French toast. quietly post, "I like French toast. Check back in 20 minutes." Check back in 20 minutes." Check back in 20 minutes." French toast. French toast. French toast. Breakfast of the privileged. What else Breakfast of the privileged. What else Breakfast of the privileged. What else do YOU LIKE FOR BREAKFAST? GENOCIDE. do YOU LIKE FOR BREAKFAST? GENOCIDE. do YOU LIKE FOR BREAKFAST? GENOCIDE. Where do you work? But his reasoning drives me crazy. I But his reasoning drives me crazy. I But his reasoning drives me crazy. I ain't getting vaccinated. ain't getting vaccinated. ain't getting vaccinated. I don't know how it works, right? right? right? That's why we went out and got some That's why we went out and got some That's why we went out and got some people smarter than you so we can have fun stuff like open heart so we can have fun stuff like open heart so we can have fun stuff like open heart surgery and airplanes. surgery and airplanes. surgery and airplanes. I don't know how zippers work, but every morning I put my faith in the but every morning I put my faith in the but every morning I put my faith in the science, science, science, leave the house fairly certain I'm not leave the house fairly certain I'm not leave the house fairly certain I'm not going to be in line at the bank with my going to be in line at the bank with my going to be in line at the bank with my out. out. out. It It all comes down to fear. It's just It It all comes down to fear. It's just It It all comes down to fear. It's just fear. fear. fear. I'm afraid I'm going to get sick. So, I I'm afraid I'm going to get sick. So, I I'm afraid I'm going to get sick. So, I want everything you have. I want pills. want everything you have. I want pills. want everything you have. I want pills. I want shots. I want surgery. I want I want shots. I want surgery. I want I want shots. I want surgery. I want everything you can give me. But my everything you can give me. But my everything you can give me. But my brother, he's much smarter than I am. brother, he's much smarter than I am. brother, he's much smarter than I am. He's an independent thinker. He's an independent thinker. He's an independent thinker. He thinks what all the other independent He thinks what all the other independent He thinks what all the other independent thinkers think. that the government, that the government, that the government, the same people in charge of the post the same people in charge of the post the same people in charge of the post office office office and the DMV are also behind a massive global genetic are also behind a massive global genetic are also behind a massive global genetic super conspiracy super conspiracy super conspiracy that I will believe when I can buy one that I will believe when I can buy one that I will believe when I can buy one stamp in under 45 minutes. [laughter]