Today, we're going to try to open a Today, we're going to try to open a Today, we're going to try to open a Jeweled Lotus. In my hands, I've got two Jeweled Lotus. In my hands, I've got two Jeweled Lotus. In my hands, I've got two packs of Commander Masters. Commander packs of Commander Masters. Commander packs of Commander Masters. Commander Masters is a massive Magic set with just Masters is a massive Magic set with just Masters is a massive Magic set with just like a ton of really cool cards. I'm like a ton of really cool cards. I'm like a ton of really cool cards. I'm opening it on this brand new Fallout opening it on this brand new Fallout opening it on this brand new Fallout Nuka-Cola playmat that I got while I was Nuka-Cola playmat that I got while I was Nuka-Cola playmat that I got while I was at Gen Con. And if you're wondering why at Gen Con. And if you're wondering why at Gen Con. And if you're wondering why I'm trying to open a Jeweled Lotus, I I'm trying to open a Jeweled Lotus, I I'm trying to open a Jeweled Lotus, I just still think someday, maybe it's just still think someday, maybe it's just still think someday, maybe it's years from now, the card is going to get years from now, the card is going to get years from now, the card is going to get unbanned and it's going to be useful unbanned and it's going to be useful unbanned and it's going to be useful again. again. again. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> And honestly, I don't think I've maybe >> And honestly, I don't think I've maybe >> And honestly, I don't think I've maybe ever in my life opened one single ever in my life opened one single ever in my life opened one single Jeweled Lotus out of one of these packs. Jeweled Lotus out of one of these packs. Jeweled Lotus out of one of these packs. I've opened a lot of the other cool I've opened a lot of the other cool I've opened a lot of the other cool stuff, like Guardianship, I've opened stuff, like Guardianship, I've opened stuff, like Guardianship, I've opened more than once, but I don't think I've more than once, but I don't think I've more than once, but I don't think I've maybe more than one time ever opened a maybe more than one time ever opened a maybe more than one time ever opened a Jeweled Lotus. Especially the cool one, Jeweled Lotus. Especially the cool one, Jeweled Lotus. Especially the cool one, the textured one. So, the textured one. So, the textured one. So, Haunted Cloak, Generous Gift, Crimson Haunted Cloak, Generous Gift, Crimson Haunted Cloak, Generous Gift, Crimson Fleet Commodore, Phyrexian Gargantua, Fleet Commodore, Phyrexian Gargantua, Fleet Commodore, Phyrexian Gargantua, Tangible Virtue, Tangible Virtue, Tangible Virtue, Tromokratis, Tromokratis, Tromokratis, got that mountain there, got that mountain there, got that mountain there, Reliquary Tower. Okay, here's about to Reliquary Tower. Okay, here's about to Reliquary Tower. Okay, here's about to get to the good stuff. Frantic Search, get to the good stuff. Frantic Search, get to the good stuff. Frantic Search, [music] such sweet pieces of art in this [music] such sweet pieces of art in this [music] such sweet pieces of art in this set. Path of Ancestry, here we go, guys, set. Path of Ancestry, here we go, guys, set. Path of Ancestry, here we go, guys, onto the rares. onto the rares. onto the rares. Azusa, okay, solid, very good card, Azusa, okay, solid, very good card, Azusa, okay, solid, very good card, right? Very playable card. right? Very playable card. right? Very playable card. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Mangara, the Diplomat in etched foil, >> Mangara, the Diplomat in etched foil, >> Mangara, the Diplomat in etched foil, okay. Not that mountain. Exactly what I okay. Not that mountain. Exactly what I okay. Not that mountain. Exactly what I was looking for. Taunting Sliver, could was looking for. Taunting Sliver, could was looking for. Taunting Sliver, could be better. This is a little bit of a be better. This is a little bit of a be better. This is a little bit of a whiff of a pack so far. whiff of a pack so far. whiff of a pack so far. Grenzo, Havoc Raiser, gorgeous art on Grenzo, Havoc Raiser, gorgeous art on Grenzo, Havoc Raiser, gorgeous art on this card. Looks really cool, not foil, this card. Looks really cool, not foil, this card. Looks really cool, not foil, not textured. And finally, a Spell not textured. And finally, a Spell not textured. And finally, a Spell Seeker in the borderless foil. Now, I Seeker in the borderless foil. Now, I Seeker in the borderless foil. Now, I will say I like this card a great deal. will say I like this card a great deal. will say I like this card a great deal. I play this card in decks, and this I play this card in decks, and this I play this card in decks, and this version is really cool. So, that's how version is really cool. So, that's how version is really cool. So, that's how that's how we're starting things off that's how we're starting things off that's how we're starting things off here. We have one pack left. We are here. We have one pack left. We are here. We have one pack left. We are going to see if we can open something going to see if we can open something going to see if we can open something crazier and bigger in this second pack. crazier and bigger in this second pack. crazier and bigger in this second pack. By the way, if you do like the mat that By the way, if you do like the mat that By the way, if you do like the mat that I'm playing with, if you're like into I'm playing with, if you're like into I'm playing with, if you're like into this Ultra Pro mat, you can save 10% this Ultra Pro mat, you can save 10% this Ultra Pro mat, you can save 10% using my name, any Ultra Pro purchase using my name, any Ultra Pro purchase using my name, any Ultra Pro purchase directly from their website. You can directly from their website. You can directly from their website. You can click that link in my bio, Bateman, click that link in my bio, Bateman, click that link in my bio, Bateman, uppercase, all one word, to save 10% off uppercase, all one word, to save 10% off uppercase, all one word, to save 10% off [music] anything that you buy. Big thank [music] anything that you buy. Big thank [music] anything that you buy. Big thank you to Ultra Pro for supporting my you to Ultra Pro for supporting my you to Ultra Pro for supporting my content. Okay, Thriving Heath, here we content. Okay, Thriving Heath, here we content. Okay, Thriving Heath, here we go. go. go. Mesa Sire, Mesa Sire, Mesa Sire, Carrion Grub, Carrion Grub, Carrion Grub, Goliath Sphinx, Goliath Sphinx, Goliath Sphinx, Foil Guardian, oh man, Bear Claw. Guys, Foil Guardian, oh man, Bear Claw. Guys, Foil Guardian, oh man, Bear Claw. Guys, hit that follow button if you like hit that follow button if you like hit that follow button if you like content like this. I do a lot of pack content like this. I do a lot of pack content like this. I do a lot of pack openings, and at some point I may open openings, and at some point I may open openings, and at some point I may open the other two packs from this box. the other two packs from this box. the other two packs from this box. Kodama's Reach, here we go. Path of Kodama's Reach, here we go. Path of Kodama's Reach, here we go. Path of Ancestry, again. Ancestry, again. Ancestry, again. Dread Return, All right, you guys ready Dread Return, All right, you guys ready Dread Return, All right, you guys ready for the for the good stuff? for the for the good stuff? for the for the good stuff? Torrential Gearhulk. Okay, didn't quite Torrential Gearhulk. Okay, didn't quite Torrential Gearhulk. Okay, didn't quite get there on that one. Great card get there on that one. Great card get there on that one. Great card though, super playable. though, super playable. though, super playable. Deadly Rollick in the etched foil. Deadly Rollick in the etched foil. Deadly Rollick in the etched foil. That's not a bad open. That is a that is That's not a bad open. That is a that is That's not a bad open. That is a that is a very solid card that will definitely a very solid card that will definitely a very solid card that will definitely go into decks. That's really cool. Happy go into decks. That's really cool. Happy go into decks. That's really cool. Happy about [snorts] that one. about [snorts] that one. about [snorts] that one. Spark Shaper Visionary. Okay. Spark Shaper Visionary. Okay. Spark Shaper Visionary. Okay. Undergrowth Stadium. Very playable and Undergrowth Stadium. Very playable and Undergrowth Stadium. Very playable and we have one card left here, guys. Give we have one card left here, guys. Give we have one card left here, guys. Give us something good. us something good. us something good. It's a Treasure Nabber. Okay, so I've It's a Treasure Nabber. Okay, so I've It's a Treasure Nabber. Okay, so I've had I've I've opened better packs than had I've I've opened better packs than had I've I've opened better packs than these two before, but still, look at all these two before, but still, look at all these two before, but still, look at all the beautiful art, guys. There's so many the beautiful art, guys. There's so many the beautiful art, guys. There's so many cool pieces of art in this set. cool pieces of art in this set. cool pieces of art in this set. Unbelievable.