Hi guys, Hi guys, Hi guys, hello guys. hello guys. hello guys. Welcome back to our YouTube channel. Welcome back to our YouTube channel. Welcome back to our YouTube channel. After yesterday, there were probably a lot of After yesterday, there were probably a lot of After yesterday, there were probably a lot of wedding events and we also uploaded a lot of wedding events and we also uploaded a lot of wedding events and we also uploaded a lot of videos of our wedding, now we are videos of our wedding, now we are videos of our wedding, now we are vlogging and we are going on a honeymoon vlogging and we are going on a honeymoon vlogging and we are going on a honeymoon trip.  Yeah. trip.  Yeah. trip.  Yeah. Now where are we, darling? Now where are we, darling? Now where are we, darling? We're in Soul, we're in Korea. We're in Soul, we're in Korea. We're in Soul, we're in Korea. From Korea, of course. From Korea, of course. From Korea, of course. So actually this was a So actually this was a So actually this was a sudden planning.  We have bought tickets from sudden planning.  We have bought tickets from sudden planning.  We have bought tickets from [music] Jakarta to Rome. [music] Jakarta to Rome. [music] Jakarta to Rome. It turned out that I suddenly had a job It turned out that I suddenly had a job It turned out that I suddenly had a job offer and I felt that this was a offer and I felt that this was a offer and I felt that this was a good opportunity. good opportunity. good opportunity. So my husband gave in and let us So my husband gave in and let us So my husband gave in and let us leave Sou.  So he really leave Sou.  So he really leave Sou.  So he really arrived at Soul this morning arrived at Soul this morning arrived at Soul this morning because El had to stay for because El had to stay for because El had to stay for Dad's birthday. Dad's birthday. Dad's birthday. So, he ended up only being in Korea for So, he ended up only being in Korea for So, he ended up only being in Korea for half a day. half a day. How do we start from the sale soul reading?  Our soul sale How do we start from the sale soul reading?  Our soul sale How do we start from the sale soul reading?  Our soul sale is at Incan airport, we are is at Incan airport, we are is at Incan airport, we are waiting for waiting for waiting for boarding.  Now we want to go to boarding.  Now we want to go to boarding.  Now we want to go to Dubai road transit now. Dubai road transit now. Dubai road transit now. We are so excited.  How long will we have, We are so excited.  How long will we have, We are so excited.  How long will we have, darling?  Mil almost 3 weeks plus darling?  Mil almost 3 weeks plus darling?  Mil almost 3 weeks plus yes almost 3 weeks. yes almost 3 weeks. yes almost 3 weeks. Yes, just keep following it.  Bye Yes, just keep following it.  Bye Yes, just keep following it.  Bye bye.  [music] Yey, Yey, Yey, why is it closed? why is it closed? why is it closed? Hello.  Finally Hello.  Finally Hello.  Finally he gu on the plane. he gu on the plane. he gu on the plane. We We We go to Dubai and we go to R Street and go to Dubai and we go to R Street and go to Dubai and we go to R Street and then we go on holiday.  Anyone? then we go on holiday.  Anyone? then we go on holiday.  Anyone? Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.  [music] Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Morning. Morning. Morning. H H H is trying to adjust the time to is trying to adjust the time to is trying to adjust the time to Yes because it's still 6 am at home Yes because it's still 6 am at home Yes because it's still 6 am at home hah finally finally hah finally finally hah finally finally arrived at the row arrived at the row arrived at the row I swear guys, I swear guys, I swear guys, how long did we queue for migration, honey, the how long did we queue for migration, honey, the how long did we queue for migration, honey, the hours are more Jang is even crazier, the queue is hours are more Jang is even crazier, the queue is hours are more Jang is even crazier, the queue is really long and it's hot.  Oh my God. really long and it's hot.  Oh my God. really long and it's hot.  Oh my God. Our city room while staying here for 2 Our city room while staying here for 2 Our city room while staying here for 2 nights, right?  tonight we moved around nights, right?  tonight we moved around nights, right?  tonight we moved around now we have someone waiting for now we have someone waiting for now we have someone waiting for us with Kak Diko again who us with Kak Diko again who us with Kak Diko again who accompanied us accompanied us accompanied us and today we also don't know and today we also don't know and today we also don't know what the plan is.  We want to go to the hotel first to what the plan is.  We want to go to the hotel first to what the plan is.  We want to go to the hotel first to clean up, then we want to look for clean up, then we want to look for clean up, then we want to look for dinner tonight and we don't know what we want, dinner tonight and we don't know what we want, dinner tonight and we don't know what we want, okay, let's go. okay, let's go. okay, let's go. Bye.  [music] until we arrived in Italy, we bought it until we arrived in Italy, we bought it until we arrived in Italy, we bought it and then we found out and then we found out and then we found out where we were going to go today. where we were going to go today. where we were going to go today. How are you, honey?  Tired, huh? How are you, honey?  Tired, huh? How are you, honey?  Tired, huh? Huh?  After not spending the night in Korea, Huh?  After not spending the night in Korea, Huh?  After not spending the night in Korea, then coming here, the flight took a total of 20 then coming here, the flight took a total of 20 then coming here, the flight took a total of 20 hours including transit, and when I got here it was hours including transit, and when I got here it was hours including transit, and when I got here it was hot so I wanted to take a shower. hot so I wanted to take a shower. hot so I wanted to take a shower. Okay, let's take a shower first, guys, Okay, let's take a shower first, guys, Okay, let's take a shower first, guys, and then we can get some sleep tonight [music] and then we can get some sleep tonight [music] and then we can get some sleep tonight [music] . . . Okay. Okay. Okay. Hello, Guys.  We guys Hello, Guys.  We guys Hello, Guys.  We guys day one.  We want to go for a walk at the Trates day one.  We want to go for a walk at the Trates day one.  We want to go for a walk at the Trates Fair.  Where are we going to eat? Fair.  Where are we going to eat? Fair.  Where are we going to eat? Want to eat at Trfere? Want to eat at Trfere? Want to eat at Trfere? And this is also there.  Let's go. And this is also there.  Let's go. And this is also there.  Let's go. Hello.  We ended up wanting to eat at Hello.  We ended up wanting to eat at Hello.  We ended up wanting to eat at one of the famous eating places in one of the famous eating places in one of the famous eating places in Restere as expected.  The prayer time is Restere as expected.  The prayer time is Restere as expected.  The prayer time is really long and it's drizzling all the time, really long and it's drizzling all the time, really long and it's drizzling all the time, guys. guys. guys. It's like we're queuing in the It's like we're queuing in the It's like we're queuing in the rain, right, Beb?   There is rain, right, Beb?   There is rain, right, Beb?   There is no canopy, no canopy, no canopy, it is a struggle it is a struggle it is a struggle just for this food.  It's a good thing just for this food.  It's a good thing just for this food.  It's a good thing my hair is in a bun today, I my hair is in a bun today, I my hair is in a bun today, I swear. swear. swear. For example, if it's done, it's a bit of a hassle. For example, if it's done, it's a bit of a hassle. For example, if it's done, it's a bit of a hassle. OK guys, let's do it on the inside.  Hi guys, so now on the inside.  Hi guys, so now on the inside.  Hi guys, so now we are inside the restaurant. we are inside the restaurant. we are inside the restaurant. We also ate the appetizer earlier. We also ate the appetizer earlier. We also ate the appetizer earlier. What's the name of it?  Fokasia bread only. What's the name of it?  Fokasia bread only. What's the name of it?  Fokasia bread only. Yes.  We are now waiting for the main Yes.  We are now waiting for the main Yes.  We are now waiting for the main course.  It is said that Syifa's course.  It is said that Syifa's course.  It is said that Syifa's most famous word is what is it called? most famous word is what is it called? most famous word is what is it called? Carbonara carbonara and this cheese pizza, Carbonara carbonara and this cheese pizza, Carbonara carbonara and this cheese pizza, basically I admit that I basically I admit that I basically I admit that I cooked all of them because he was good at cooked all of them because he was good at cooked all of them because he was good at TikToking. TikToking. TikToking. I'm trying the other one, I'm trying the other one, I'm trying the other one, the pasta is like tomato paste and the pasta is like tomato paste and the pasta is like tomato paste and we'll try it, which one is delicious, what's the difference? which one is delicious, what's the difference? which one is delicious, what's the difference? This one is tomato. There, I This one is tomato. There, I This one is tomato. There, I finally feel like eating pasta.  I've always finally feel like eating pasta.  I've always finally feel like eating pasta.  I've always only eaten pasta in Indonesia.  This only eaten pasta in Indonesia.  This only eaten pasta in Indonesia.  This in the cage is like eating shrimp and pete in the cage is like eating shrimp and pete in the cage is like eating shrimp and pete but in Indonesia.  This is but in Indonesia.  This is but in Indonesia.  This is pasan no. pasan no. pasan no. Uh, for dessert there is Tiramis. Uh, for dessert there is Tiramis. Uh, for dessert there is Tiramis. Tiramisu.  So, our two favorites. Tiramisu.  So, our two favorites. Tiramisu.  So, our two favorites. Our two favorites, baby. Our two favorites, baby. Our two favorites, baby. Let's try. Let's try. Let's try. Very close together. Very close together. Very close together. Uh, very Uh, very Uh, very Oh, very this yes. Wow, look guys.  So, the Wow, look guys.  So, the Wow, look guys.  So, the Transveri area is famous for its Transveri area is famous for its Transveri area is famous for its many lights at night. many lights at night. many lights at night. Very nice. Hi guys. Hi guys. Hi guys. Hi guys, we're back. Hi guys, we're back. Hi guys, we're back. This is our second day in the room. This is our second day in the room. This is our second day in the room. Yes.  Yesterday we only had time for dinner and a Yes.  Yesterday we only had time for dinner and a Yes.  Yesterday we only had time for dinner and a walk around walk around walk around Tres TV. Tres TV. Tres TV. Yes.  Now today we want to Yes.  Now today we want to Yes.  Now today we want to go around the room. go around the room. go around the room. Yeah.  The Vatican wants to go to Kalsum. Yeah.  The Vatican wants to go to Kalsum. Yeah.  The Vatican wants to go to Kalsum. Colsum.  Terus e Travy fountain. Colsum.  Terus e Travy fountain. Colsum.  Terus e Travy fountain. Fun. Fun. Fun. Later, if we have more time, we will Later, if we have more time, we will Later, if we have more time, we will explore the others.  But explore the others.  But explore the others.  But today we are so excited about those three places. today we are so excited about those three places. today we are so excited about those three places. Yeah.  Yesterday we were Yeah.  Yesterday we were Yeah.  Yesterday we were so knocked out [gasp] we so knocked out [gasp] we so knocked out [gasp] we really got to the room and were completely knocked out. really got to the room and were completely knocked out. really got to the room and were completely knocked out. Because the time difference between Korea and Because the time difference between Korea and Because the time difference between Korea and Indonesia is greater. Indonesia is greater. Indonesia is greater. I'm really pissed off guys.  I'm so excited. I'm really pissed off guys.  I'm so excited. I'm really pissed off guys.  I'm so excited. The journey was tiring.  So, stay tuned, The journey was tiring.  So, stay tuned, The journey was tiring.  So, stay tuned, Guys.  [music] Hi, Guys.  We arrived at the Vatican, the Hi, Guys.  We arrived at the Vatican, the Hi, Guys.  We arrived at the Vatican, the smallest country in the world. smallest country in the world. smallest country in the world. This is the smallest country because the This is the smallest country because the This is the smallest country because the country is in a country is in a country is in a room. room. room. We are exploring the We are exploring the We are exploring the Vatican. Vatican. Vatican. After visiting Vatican City, we After visiting Vatican City, we After visiting Vatican City, we strolled around the area.  In strolled around the area.  In strolled around the area.  In front of there is San Angelo Castle. Okay, guys.  So, we are going to Okay, guys.  So, we are going to Okay, guys.  So, we are going to Pon and Travah.  Earlier we were from the Pon and Travah.  Earlier we were from the Pon and Travah.  Earlier we were from the Vatican and Angelo Castel. Vatican and Angelo Castel. Vatican and Angelo Castel. Wow, Wow, Wow, this pantheon is this pantheon is this pantheon is n't even a pantheon yet, but it's already pretty cool n't even a pantheon yet, but it's already pretty cool n't even a pantheon yet, but it's already pretty cool .  Pantheon indeed. Now we're going to eat.  This is one of the ones Now we're going to eat.  This is one of the ones Now we're going to eat.  This is one of the ones on my list too which I say is on my list too which I say is on my list too which I say is delicious.  But that's what it's called. delicious.  But that's what it's called. delicious.  But that's what it's called. Here, someone makes the pasta right in Here, someone makes the pasta right in Here, someone makes the pasta right in front of you. front of you. front of you. There's cheese here. There's cheese here. There's cheese here. Then Then Then I ordered this ravioli.   It's I ordered this ravioli.   It's I ordered this ravioli.   It's really bad.  Rabbits eat it, guys. really bad.  Rabbits eat it, guys. really bad.  Rabbits eat it, guys. Try. Try. Try. Yeah.  Another tiramisu.  Anyway, Yeah.  Another tiramisu.  Anyway, Yeah.  Another tiramisu.  Anyway, tiramisu.  Anyway, wherever we tiramisu.  Anyway, wherever we tiramisu.  Anyway, wherever we eat, the dessert has to be eat, the dessert has to be eat, the dessert has to be tiramisu. tiramisu. tiramisu. We will try which tiramisu is the We will try which tiramisu is the We will try which tiramisu is the most delicious. But it's not as delicious but not as But it's not as delicious but not as But it's not as delicious but not as delicious as the bar delicious as the bar delicious as the bar but this is also very delicious in my opinion. but this is also very delicious in my opinion. but this is also very delicious in my opinion. It's just a different type.  If yesterday it was It's just a different type.  If yesterday it was It's just a different type.  If yesterday it was really liquid, then yesterday it was liquid and there really liquid, then yesterday it was liquid and there really liquid, then yesterday it was liquid and there was a pit inside it. Okay, Guys.  So, this is really good.  But yeah, you can't take really good.  But yeah, you can't take really good.  But yeah, you can't take a photo because you can see so many people a photo because you can see so many people a photo because you can see so many people .  So even if you take a photo, the .  So even if you take a photo, the .  So even if you take a photo, the background is mostly people. background is mostly people. background is mostly people. But at least we've seen it But at least we've seen it But at least we've seen it directly. directly. directly. Hi guys, we are now at the Hi guys, we are now at the Hi guys, we are now at the Tring Coliseum.  Wow. Tring Coliseum.  Wow. Tring Coliseum.  Wow. We are at the landmark of Italy. We are at the landmark of Italy. We are at the landmark of Italy. Yes, it's the place where the Gladiators used to Yes, it's the place where the Gladiators used to Yes, it's the place where the Gladiators used to compete.  Now we are compete.  Now we are compete.  Now we are here. here. here. If in the past there were Gladiators, now If in the past there were Gladiators, now If in the past there were Gladiators, now there are Elrumi there are Elrumi there are Elrumi fighting.  [laughs] fighting.  [laughs] fighting.  [laughs] Finally we get to the landmark. Finally we get to the landmark. Finally we get to the landmark. We actually went through this yesterday We actually went through this yesterday We actually went through this yesterday too, but we didn't stop. too, but we didn't stop. too, but we didn't stop. Iyaar- hotel.  But now Iyaar- hotel.  But now Iyaar- hotel.  But now we want to take pictures here and the we want to take pictures here and the we want to take pictures here and the weather is really nice.  The wind is strong weather is really nice.  The wind is strong weather is really nice.  The wind is strong .  I think it's pretty cool for .  I think it's pretty cool for .  I think it's pretty cool for me.   Cool me.   Cool me.   Cool .  Cool, cool, cool.  But it's quite .  Cool, cool, cool.  But it's quite .  Cool, cool, cool.  But it's quite cold. cold. cold. Yeah.  On the streets around the Colosseum Yeah.  On the streets around the Colosseum Yeah.  On the streets around the Colosseum and photos and photos and photos and photos.  This is the person who took our photo and photos.  This is the person who took our photo and photos.  This is the person who took our photo holding the camera.  [laughs] holding the camera.  [laughs] holding the camera.  [laughs] Coincidentally, Brother Niko was picking up the car Coincidentally, Brother Niko was picking up the car Coincidentally, Brother Niko was picking up the car so we were accompanied by Brother Ilham so we were accompanied by Brother Ilham so we were accompanied by Brother Ilham this afternoon.  Warlock.   The this afternoon.  Warlock.   The this afternoon.  Warlock.   The weather is lacking, Sis, right?  Sir, weather is lacking, Sis, right?  Sir, weather is lacking, Sis, right?  Sir, today it was Windy again.  Eh, Windy is today it was Windy again.  Eh, Windy is today it was Windy again.  Eh, Windy is back again with Claudi, so back again with Claudi, so back again with Claudi, so who are Windy and Claudi?  So who are Windy and Claudi?  So who are Windy and Claudi?  So where else do you want to go, Masel? where else do you want to go, Masel? where else do you want to go, Masel? Now from the Colosseum because it seems Now from the Colosseum because it seems Now from the Colosseum because it seems the weather is not very supportive, the light is not the weather is not very supportive, the light is not the weather is not very supportive, the light is not very supportive but we also have a lot of very supportive but we also have a lot of very supportive but we also have a lot of time here.  What museum were we going to go time here.  What museum were we going to go time here.  What museum were we going to go to earlier? to earlier? to earlier? To the altar of Del Patria.  National museum. To the altar of Del Patria.  National museum. To the altar of Del Patria.  National museum. Altar of the Fatherland. Altar of the Fatherland. Altar of the Fatherland. National Museum of Italy.  And the view there is also National Museum of Italy.  And the view there is also National Museum of Italy.  And the view there is also nice.  Since yesterday, we went to nice.  Since yesterday, we went to nice.  Since yesterday, we went to Musum and only took photos outside. Musum and only took photos outside. Musum and only took photos outside. Next time we do.  Yes  Absolutely. Next time we do.  Yes  Absolutely. Next time we do.  Yes  Absolutely. Because we only dropped by for 2 nights, we did Because we only dropped by for 2 nights, we did Because we only dropped by for 2 nights, we did n't have time to explore n't have time to explore n't have time to explore the museums one by one.  So let's just stay the museums one by one.  So let's just stay the museums one by one.  So let's just stay outside for now, later we'll outside for now, later we'll outside for now, later we'll come and see. come and see. come and see. Yes Yes Yes Let's go.  We're going there. Let's go.  We're going there. Let's go.  We're going there. There. We are exploring the Colosseum area. We are exploring the Colosseum area. We are exploring the Colosseum area. Have to go back home to Have to go back home to Have to go back home to explore one by one because explore one by one because explore one by one because from here now we are only here in size. from here now we are only here in size. from here now we are only here in size. Look Look Look from afar.  But from afar.  But from afar.  But I really like it.  But if I really like it.  But if I really like it.  But if I'm honest, I'm curious, like I want to go I'm honest, I'm curious, like I want to go I'm honest, I'm curious, like I want to go inside. inside. inside. Yes  Then I also like history so I Yes  Then I also like history so I Yes  Then I also like history so I want to want to want to get to know more. get to know more. get to know more. Later we might go to Rome again but Later we might go to Rome again but Later we might go to Rome again but we will study the history first so we we will study the history first so we we will study the history first so we understand it better but now at least we have understand it better but now at least we have understand it better but now at least we have seen the words are good. Hey guys, so it's 2338 Hey guys, so it's 2338 Hey guys, so it's 2338 and it's almost Els birthday.  We were and it's almost Els birthday.  We were and it's almost Els birthday.  We were hanging out on the rooftop of our hotel hanging out on the rooftop of our hotel hanging out on the rooftop of our hotel while waiting for 12.00.  I just while waiting for 12.00.  I just while waiting for 12.00.  I just asked Kadiko for a small cake.  So, asked Kadiko for a small cake.  So, asked Kadiko for a small cake.  So, oh my god.  So excited today, eh, I oh my god.  So excited today, eh, I oh my god.  So excited today, eh, I 'm eh, it's almost 12 o'clock. Tomorrow, 'm eh, it's almost 12 o'clock. Tomorrow, 'm eh, it's almost 12 o'clock. Tomorrow, I mean, I'm preparing a surprise I mean, I'm preparing a surprise I mean, I'm preparing a surprise dinner at our hotel in Tas Keni dinner at our hotel in Tas Keni dinner at our hotel in Tas Keni in Borgo Santo Pietro.  So in Borgo Santo Pietro.  So in Borgo Santo Pietro.  So tomorrow we will move to this task.  Well, I've tomorrow we will move to this task.  Well, I've tomorrow we will move to this task.  Well, I've prepared a surprise sunset dinner for L. prepared a surprise sunset dinner for L. prepared a surprise sunset dinner for L. So, I'm really excited.  Eh, honestly I'm So, I'm really excited.  Eh, honestly I'm So, I'm really excited.  Eh, honestly I'm really nervous.  I really arranged to really nervous.  I really arranged to really nervous.  I really arranged to make the moodboard and this is the make the moodboard and this is the make the moodboard and this is the outdoor surprise for the dinner.  So, outdoor surprise for the dinner.  So, outdoor surprise for the dinner.  So, I really hope it's not cloudy, I really hope it's not cloudy, I really hope it's not cloudy, I hope it doesn't rain. I hope it doesn't rain. I hope it doesn't rain. Bismillahirrahmanirrahim.  Now I Bismillahirrahmanirrahim.  Now I Bismillahirrahmanirrahim.  Now I want to take the cake first and make it upstairs, as a want to take the cake first and make it upstairs, as a want to take the cake first and make it upstairs, as a surprise, that's the story. Okay, I'm with the cake. Okay, I'm with the cake. Okay, I'm with the cake. We just have to wait about 15 minutes We just have to wait about 15 minutes We just have to wait about 15 minutes more before I go up to the more before I go up to the more before I go up to the rooftop and give this to L. Okay, just a minute, T. Guys, honestly I'm confused about just a minute, T. Guys, honestly I'm confused about just a minute, T. Guys, honestly I'm confused about how to open the door. Nobody wants to go up here anymore Nobody wants to go up here anymore Nobody wants to go up here anymore .   I .   I .   I swear I forgot how to open the door swear I forgot how to open the door swear I forgot how to open the door .  This can't be opened. Huh? Huh? Huh? Honestly, it's odd. Wait a minute, guys.  We are looking for [music] happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday to you. to you. to you. Happy birthday to you.  Happy birthday Happy birthday to you.  Happy birthday Happy birthday to you.  Happy birthday baby. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. I was locked outside earlier.  I don't I was locked outside earlier.  I don't I was locked outside earlier.  I don't know how to get in. know how to get in. know how to get in. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Still how about Still how about Still how about the small surprise.  [music] the small surprise.  [music] the small surprise.  [music] Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Make a wish. Make a wish. Make a wish. Make a wish.  Make a wish. Make a wish.  Make a wish. Make a wish.  Make a wish. Look at the one next to me.  U deh. Look at the one next to me.  U deh. Look at the one next to me.  U deh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Love you. Love you. Love you. How does it feel to be 27 years old? How does it feel to be 27 years old? How does it feel to be 27 years old? Happy, glad.  So now you're at your Happy, glad.  So now you're at your Happy, glad.  So now you're at your first birthday and you're married, right?  Previously, I was first birthday and you're married, right?  Previously, I was first birthday and you're married, right?  Previously, I was not married for 26 years. not married for 26 years. not married for 26 years. And now at this new age, And now at this new age, And now at this new age, what do you hope for?  Hey. what do you hope for?  Hey. what do you hope for?  Hey. May you have a May you have a May you have a happy, blessed little family and may happy, blessed little family and may happy, blessed little family and may your family members be added to.  Absorbed. your family members be added to.  Absorbed. your family members be added to.  Absorbed. Amen. Amen. Amen. And basically, I'm really happy to have my And basically, I'm really happy to have my And basically, I'm really happy to have my birthday abroad with birthday abroad with birthday abroad with my darling, my wife, my darling, my wife, my darling, my wife, you, you, you, and what else?  Anyway, I'm really happy. and what else?  Anyway, I'm really happy. and what else?  Anyway, I'm really happy. Thanks for the little surprise. Thanks for the little surprise. Thanks for the little surprise. Equally love. Equally love. Equally love. Thanks.  Love you so much. Thanks.  Love you so much. Thanks.  Love you so much. Love you. Love you. Love you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yes  [sigh][gasp] Yes  [sigh][gasp] Yes  [sigh][gasp] Yeay!  Thank you for the surprise. Yeay!  Thank you for the surprise. Yeay!  Thank you for the surprise. Everyone, what's your wish for me? Everyone, what's your wish for me? Everyone, what's your wish for me? My wish is that the baby will always be happy with My wish is that the baby will always be happy with My wish is that the baby will always be happy with me. me. me. Amen.  Amen. Amen.  Amen. Amen.  Amen. The more blessed you are, the more protected you are by The more blessed you are, the more protected you are by The more blessed you are, the more protected you are by Allah, the smoother Allah, the smoother Allah, the smoother your affairs will be. your affairs will be. your affairs will be. Amen. Amen. Amen. Become a better person Become a better person Become a better person even though you are already very good now. even though you are already very good now. even though you are already very good now. God willing, God willing, God willing, hopefully we can be together in this hopefully we can be together in this hopefully we can be together in this world and the hereafter. world and the hereafter. world and the hereafter. Amen. Amen. Amen. Love you. Love you. Love you. Love you. Love you. Love you. Thank you for the surprise. Thank you for the surprise. Thank you for the surprise. Today we move on to bags. Today we move on to bags. Today we move on to bags. Yeah.  See you tomorrow today, Yeah.  See you tomorrow today, Yeah.  See you tomorrow today, okay?   It's okay?   It's already 12 o'clock today. Oh, already 12 o'clock today. Oh, already 12 o'clock today. Oh, bye.