Brother, show me the firecrackers. Brother, show me the firecrackers. Brother, show me the firecrackers. Brother, go inside.  Show the firecrackers to Success Bhaiya.   Come on. Brother, go inside.  Show the firecrackers to Success Bhaiya.   Come on. Yes brother, what do you want? Yes brother, what do you want? Yes brother, what do you want? Madam, please take out the biggest rocket packet. Madam, please take out the biggest rocket packet. Madam, please take out the biggest rocket packet. Also take out a big packet of pomegranate. Also take out a big packet of pomegranate. Also take out a big packet of pomegranate. Here you go brother, these are your pomegranates too. Here you go brother, these are your pomegranates too. Here you go brother, these are your pomegranates too. Madam, can I ask you something? Madam, can I ask you something? Madam, can I ask you something? Yes, ask. Yes, ask. Yes, ask. What is your salary? What is your salary? What is your salary? ₹10,000. ₹10,000. ₹10,000. Madam, do you get Rs 10,000 in this era of inflation Madam, do you get Rs 10,000 in this era of inflation Madam, do you get Rs 10,000 in this era of inflation ? ? ? Brother, it is not enough but I Brother, it is not enough but I Brother, it is not enough but I earn more than this.   What does earn more than this.   What does earn more than this.   What does earning more mean?  Hey, when the owner is not there, I earning more mean?  Hey, when the owner is not there, I earning more mean?  Hey, when the owner is not there, I steal Rs 500 from the cash box. steal Rs 500 from the cash box. steal Rs 500 from the cash box. Okay Okay Okay brother, I have made the payment to madam. brother, I have made the payment to madam. brother, I have made the payment to madam. Their success paid off. Their success paid off. Their success paid off. Otherwise where should I get the payment? Otherwise where should I get the payment? Otherwise where should I get the payment? What are you talking about madam?  I'll show you in a minute. What are you talking about madam?  I'll show you in a minute. What are you talking about madam?  I'll show you in a minute. Look Look Look madam, I have already made the payment to you. madam, I have already made the payment to you. madam, I have already made the payment to you. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Hey, whenever the rich lady is there, I Hey, whenever the rich lady is there, I Hey, whenever the rich lady is there, I steal Rs 1000-500 from the cash box.   Did it. Look at my pride.  I haven't talked nonsense since yesterday.   take Look at my pride.  I haven't talked nonsense since yesterday.   take Look at my pride.  I haven't talked nonsense since yesterday.   take my struggle