Good morning from Chopped City.  But this Good morning from Chopped City.  But this Good morning from Chopped City.  But this is my last day looking chopped. is my last day looking chopped. is my last day looking chopped. Today I'm ending my chopped era.  As Today I'm ending my chopped era.  As Today I'm ending my chopped era.  As you can see, I'm still looking rough and my you can see, I'm still looking rough and my you can see, I'm still looking rough and my hair is greasy, but we'll end it today.   I'm out of hair is greasy, but we'll end it today.   I'm out of hair is greasy, but we'll end it today.   I'm out of stuff.  I don't have them anymore today, stuff.  I don't have them anymore today, stuff.  I don't have them anymore today, so I just feel the prospect of a better so I just feel the prospect of a better so I just feel the prospect of a better tomorrow.  The darkness is already behind us. tomorrow.  The darkness is already behind us. tomorrow.  The darkness is already behind us. So good morning.  Welcome to another So good morning.  Welcome to another So good morning.  Welcome to another daily vlog.  Today is Monday, so daily vlog.  Today is Monday, so daily vlog.  Today is Monday, so we will have a typical we will have a typical we will have a typical work day.  And you will spend it with me.   I work day.  And you will spend it with me.   I work day.  And you will spend it with me.   I washed my hair on Wednesday, it's washed my hair on Wednesday, it's washed my hair on Wednesday, it's Monday.  I'm telling you, you could fry on that Monday.  I'm telling you, you could fry on that Monday.  I'm telling you, you could fry on that .  On that hair.  Normally, they .  On that hair.  Normally, they .  On that hair.  Normally, they could just fry an omelet on them could just fry an omelet on them could just fry an omelet on them .  So I'm going to .  So I'm going to .  So I'm going to take a shower and wash my head.  What would be the take a shower and wash my head.  What would be the take a shower and wash my head.  What would be the point if we didn't start it with a point if we didn't start it with a point if we didn't start it with a cup of coffee?  My favorite coffee mug, cup of coffee?  My favorite coffee mug, cup of coffee?  My favorite coffee mug, as always, ice and milk. One shot. One shot. One shot. Guys, I know it's kind of Guys, I know it's kind of Guys, I know it's kind of funny that I have a coffee maker and the coffee I funny that I have a coffee maker and the coffee I funny that I have a coffee maker and the coffee I choose to use is Starbuck, but I really choose to use is Starbuck, but I really choose to use is Starbuck, but I really like the Starbucks Blond like the Starbucks Blond like the Starbucks Blond Rose and I've been buying it for three years now and Rose and I've been buying it for three years now and Rose and I've been buying it for three years now and I specifically like the coffee with I specifically like the coffee with I specifically like the coffee with this blend, how this blend, how this blend, how light it is and whenever someone comes to me light it is and whenever someone comes to me light it is and whenever someone comes to me and has my coffee, they and has my coffee, they and has my coffee, they always compliment me on it, like anyone who's always compliment me on it, like anyone who's always compliment me on it, like anyone who's had coffee at my house has always complimented me on how had coffee at my house has always complimented me on how had coffee at my house has always complimented me on how good it is.  So I recommend good it is.  So I recommend good it is.  So I recommend the Starbucks Blond Rose here.  And the second shot. the Starbucks Blond Rose here.  And the second shot. the Starbucks Blond Rose here.  And the second shot. We have coffee. I made these protein pancakes for breakfast again I made these protein pancakes for breakfast again I made these protein pancakes for breakfast again .  I .  I .  I just love them so much and you know exactly how many just love them so much and you know exactly how many just love them so much and you know exactly how many calories are in them and it's actually ready in two calories are in them and it's actually ready in two calories are in them and it's actually ready in two minutes.  Just look at this minutes.  Just look at this minutes.  Just look at this beauty, ready in two beauty, ready in two beauty, ready in two minutes.  Bon appetite.  Let's wish minutes.  Bon appetite.  Let's wish minutes.  Bon appetite.  Let's wish each other a successful day.  Although each other a successful day.  Although each other a successful day.  Although I assume you're probably watching this in the I assume you're probably watching this in the I assume you're probably watching this in the evening, so I'll wish myself a successful evening, so I'll wish myself a successful evening, so I'll wish myself a successful day.  I wish you a successful tomorrow. Excellent.  I have two bubbles to shoot today Excellent.  I have two bubbles to shoot today Excellent.  I have two bubbles to shoot today .  Then I want to go for .  Then I want to go for .  Then I want to go for lunch/afternoon lunch/afternoon lunch/afternoon brunch here at a restaurant we have brunch here at a restaurant we have brunch here at a restaurant we have on the street and then we want to go to FNF in on the street and then we want to go to FNF in on the street and then we want to go to FNF in Letany because they say they have a Letany because they say they have a Letany because they say they have a really big FNFO there and I really big FNFO there and I really big FNFO there and I got vouchers from FNF, so I want to buy got vouchers from FNF, so I want to buy got vouchers from FNF, so I want to buy some clothes.  So we have quite a some clothes.  So we have quite a some clothes.  So we have quite a busy schedule.  Given the fact that my busy schedule.  Given the fact that my busy schedule.  Given the fact that my schedule is mostly just doing something on the schedule is mostly just doing something on the schedule is mostly just doing something on the computer and not moving from one place.  Well, computer and not moving from one place.  Well, computer and not moving from one place.  Well, today is busy.  So guys, let's today is busy.  So guys, let's today is busy.  So guys, let's finally do some makeup, after a finally do some makeup, after a finally do some makeup, after a week of not wearing makeup.  And without further week of not wearing makeup.  And without further week of not wearing makeup.  And without further ado, I'm really looking forward to ado, I'm really looking forward to ado, I'm really looking forward to looking good again, because for the looking good again, because for the looking good again, because for the last week I've felt last week I've felt last week I've felt absolutely, absolutely disgusting, but absolutely, absolutely disgusting, but absolutely, absolutely disgusting, but my skin is getting better, those pesky spots my skin is getting better, those pesky spots my skin is getting better, those pesky spots are starting to go away.  Can are starting to go away.  Can are starting to go away.  Can the camera focus on me and not on that the camera focus on me and not on that the camera focus on me and not on that mirror?  Thank you.  Anyway, I mirror?  Thank you.  Anyway, I mirror?  Thank you.  Anyway, I just wanted to let my skin breathe and not do just wanted to let my skin breathe and not do just wanted to let my skin breathe and not do anything, but today we're going to put on a anything, but today we're going to put on a anything, but today we're going to put on a real show and I'm really looking forward to it.  So real show and I'm really looking forward to it.  So real show and I'm really looking forward to it.  So let's get started.  As always, my let's get started.  As always, my let's get started.  As always, my favorite makeup from Essence.  He favorite makeup from Essence.  He favorite makeup from Essence.  He might be too yellow for me, because I'm already might be too yellow for me, because I'm already might be too yellow for me, because I'm already terribly pale.  Like I really terribly pale.  Like I really terribly pale.  Like I really wish my tan would last longer wish my tan would last longer wish my tan would last longer than like two weeks, because I'm than like two weeks, because I'm than like two weeks, because I'm completely white as a brick again.  But completely white as a brick again.  But completely white as a brick again.  But not for long, because I When is it?  It not for long, because I When is it?  It not for long, because I When is it?  It 's already next week.  I'm flying to 's already next week.  I'm flying to 's already next week.  I'm flying to Albania. Albania. Albania. Yes.  I'm gna see m. Yes, it's already next Yes.  I'm gna see m. Yes, it's already next Yes.  I'm gna see m. Yes, it's already next week.  I'm flying to Albania on Wednesday. week.  I'm flying to Albania on Wednesday. week.  I'm flying to Albania on Wednesday. So we have to get a lot of work done here this week so that So we have to get a lot of work done here this week so that So we have to get a lot of work done here this week so that I can leave in peace and keep the I can leave in peace and keep the I can leave in peace and keep the business going even though I'm gone business going even though I'm gone business going even though I'm gone because I want to focus on my because I want to focus on my because I want to focus on my boyfriend.  We had agreed that boyfriend.  We had agreed that boyfriend.  We had agreed that he would fly to see me in August and that he would fly to see me in August and that he would fly to see me in August and that I would then go see him again sometime in early September, I would then go see him again sometime in early September, I would then go see him again sometime in early September, and we were just and we were just and we were just waiting for him to be told at work waiting for him to be told at work waiting for him to be told at work when he would get time off.  And last week we when he would get time off.  And last week we when he would get time off.  And last week we found out some unpleasant news, found out some unpleasant news, found out some unpleasant news, namely that everyone will namely that everyone will namely that everyone will only get two days off from their work a week.  That they wo only get two days off from their work a week.  That they wo only get two days off from their work a week.  That they wo n't get a whole week and will n't get a whole week and will n't get a whole week and will only get two days because they simply have only get two days because they simply have only get two days because they simply have so much work and so many orders that everyone so much work and so many orders that everyone so much work and so many orders that everyone has to be at work, so they can't has to be at work, so they can't has to be at work, so they can't go away for a week, so they won't arrive until September go away for a week, so they won't arrive until September go away for a week, so they won't arrive until September , at the end of September.  And , at the end of September.  And , at the end of September.  And I could have endured it for like one month. I could have endured it for like one month. I could have endured it for like one month. I am with him unseen.  But considering I am with him unseen.  But considering I am with him unseen.  But considering that I still wanted that I still wanted that I still wanted to fly to Albania in September, because I still wanted to to fly to Albania in September, because I still wanted to to fly to Albania in September, because I still wanted to catch the last sea before it gets cold, catch the last sea before it gets cold, catch the last sea before it gets cold, we agreed we agreed we agreed that instead of September I would fly now in August, that instead of September I would fly now in August, that instead of September I would fly now in August, because Mates would have two weeks of because Mates would have two weeks of because Mates would have two weeks of vacation now, so I said to myself, vacation now, so I said to myself, vacation now, so I said to myself, you know what, I'll also take two weeks of you know what, I'll also take two weeks of you know what, I'll also take two weeks of vacation and instead of September I'll fly now in vacation and instead of September I'll fly now in vacation and instead of September I'll fly now in August, so I'll go or August, so I'll go or August, so I'll go or rather fly to Albania on Wednesday and I'm really looking forward to it rather fly to Albania on Wednesday and I'm really looking forward to it rather fly to Albania on Wednesday and I'm really looking forward to it .  So let's put an .  So let's put an .  So let's put an end to my fading for a moment and end to my fading for a moment and end to my fading for a moment and get a little tan again.  So that's it.  Next get a little tan again.  So that's it.  Next get a little tan again.  So that's it.  Next week I'm flying to Albania and before week I'm flying to Albania and before week I'm flying to Albania and before I go there, I'll stop I go there, I'll stop I go there, I'll stop by my parents in Břeclav to take the kittens there again by my parents in Břeclav to take the kittens there again by my parents in Břeclav to take the kittens there again .  So I'll vlog for you.  I would like to .  So I'll vlog for you.  I would like to .  So I'll vlog for you.  I would like to make more vlogs about Albania make more vlogs about Albania make more vlogs about Albania or simply more content or simply more content or simply more content this time, because last time, when I this time, because last time, when I this time, because last time, when I was there for the first time, I didn't want to was there for the first time, I didn't want to was there for the first time, I didn't want to film everything and I wanted to film everything and I wanted to film everything and I wanted to enjoy most of the time in the enjoy most of the time in the enjoy most of the time in the present moment.  But now that I'm going there for present moment.  But now that I'm going there for present moment.  But now that I'm going there for the second time, I'd like to do the second time, I'd like to do the second time, I'd like to do more than just film you. more than just film you. more than just film you. I already know a little bit about it and it seems like my boyfriend I already know a little bit about it and it seems like my boyfriend I already know a little bit about it and it seems like my boyfriend will be at work during the day and we'll will be at work during the day and we'll will be at work during the day and we'll always see each other from about two in the afternoon always see each other from about two in the afternoon always see each other from about two in the afternoon because he ends up at work.  What kind of because he ends up at work.  What kind of because he ends up at work.  What kind of mess do I have here?  So again, I'll mess do I have here?  So again, I'll mess do I have here?  So again, I'll have the morning and early have the morning and early have the morning and early afternoon to myself for some afternoon to myself for some afternoon to myself for some activities, and I'll be with him in the afternoon.  So activities, and I'll be with him in the afternoon.  So activities, and I'll be with him in the afternoon.  So yes.  I would like to show you more and I am really looking forward to it yes.  I would like to show you more and I am really looking forward to it yes.  I would like to show you more and I am really looking forward to it .  I finally get to .  I finally get to .  I finally get to see my man, you guys.  I just see my man, you guys.  I just see my man, you guys.  I just love him so much.   I used a different powder than I normally used a different powder than I normally used a different powder than I normally use and I feel a little choppy. use and I feel a little choppy. use and I feel a little choppy. I'm kind of too pink.  I don't I'm kind of too pink.  I don't I'm kind of too pink.  I don't know if you can tell.  But let's go for know if you can tell.  But let's go for know if you can tell.  But let's go for bronzer.  Let's go for bronzer. I may have given a little too much.  Hey, I may have given a little too much.  Hey, I may have given a little too much.  Hey, I haven't worn makeup for a week and I haven't worn makeup for a week and I haven't worn makeup for a week and I've already forgotten how to do it. I've already forgotten how to do it. I've already forgotten how to do it. Now I'll use a setting spray.  Look Now I'll use a setting spray.  Look Now I'll use a setting spray.  Look how little I have there already.  Yeah, and how little I have there already.  Yeah, and how little I have there already.  Yeah, and I bought this setting spray I bought this setting spray I bought this setting spray in Albania and it suits me really well, so I in Albania and it suits me really well, so I in Albania and it suits me really well, so I am very happy that I will go to Albania am very happy that I will go to Albania am very happy that I will go to Albania and buy it there.  It's possible that they have and buy it there.  It's possible that they have and buy it there.  It's possible that they have this brand in Austria or this brand in Austria or this brand in Austria or Germany, but I won't be there, Germany, but I won't be there, Germany, but I won't be there, so I'll buy it in Albania.  And it's so I'll buy it in Albania.  And it's so I'll buy it in Albania.  And it's so good.  I'm really looking forward to Rosman and so good.  I'm really looking forward to Rosman and so good.  I'm really looking forward to Rosman and Lala.  Please, my best friend Rosman Lala.  Please, my best friend Rosman Lala.  Please, my best friend Rosman is called Rosman and Lala. As if anyone would be surprised that As if anyone would be surprised that As if anyone would be surprised that I use it up so quickly when I use it in I use it up so quickly when I use it in I use it up so quickly when I use it in such large quantities, but it's simply the such large quantities, but it's simply the such large quantities, but it's simply the perfect setting spray.  He perfect setting spray.  He perfect setting spray.  He connects everything so well that it connects everything so well that it connects everything so well that it looks absolutely fantastic.  Even now, when my looks absolutely fantastic.  Even now, when my looks absolutely fantastic.  Even now, when my face is still wet, it already face is still wet, it already face is still wet, it already looks fantastic.   I'm going to do my lip makeup now.  I'm going to use do my lip makeup now.  I'm going to use do my lip makeup now.  I'm going to use this Flower Nose contour in this Flower Nose contour in this Flower Nose contour in shade 03. I really like these contours shade 03. I really like these contours shade 03. I really like these contours .  And this is a .  And this is a .  And this is a darker brown. We have a contour and I will use We have a contour and I will use We have a contour and I will use my Pet McGrath skis as always, which are already completely my Pet McGrath skis as always, which are already completely my Pet McGrath skis as always, which are already completely carved out.  So I'm going to squeeze it out a little with tweezers carved out.  So I'm going to squeeze it out a little with tweezers carved out.  So I'm going to squeeze it out a little with tweezers . . . Eh, I'll put it on my lips.  Oh, and I'll Eh, I'll put it on my lips.  Oh, and I'll Eh, I'll put it on my lips.  Oh, and I'll smudge it with a brush.  Guys, this is simply smudge it with a brush.  Guys, this is simply smudge it with a brush.  Guys, this is simply my absolute favorite lipstick of my absolute favorite lipstick of my absolute favorite lipstick of all lipsticks.  I've never had a better all lipsticks.  I've never had a better all lipsticks.  I've never had a better lipstick.  Whatever contour you use, it's just lipstick.  Whatever contour you use, it's just lipstick.  Whatever contour you use, it's just perfect for this.  and I have the perfect for this.  and I have the perfect for this.  and I have the best news of all, best news of all, best news of all, because this lipstick has been discontinued for two years because this lipstick has been discontinued for two years because this lipstick has been discontinued for two years and I've told you several times and I've told you several times and I've told you several times that I'm trying to find something like that I'm trying to find something like that I'm trying to find something like dube, some lipstick that would be dube, some lipstick that would be dube, some lipstick that would be similar to it, but it just hasn't worked.  And then similar to it, but it just hasn't worked.  And then similar to it, but it just hasn't worked.  And then one day, aka yesterday, someone wrote to me in a one day, aka yesterday, someone wrote to me in a one day, aka yesterday, someone wrote to me in a comment on TikTok that Peep Show by Pat comment on TikTok that Peep Show by Pat comment on TikTok that Peep Show by Pat McGrath was back in Sephora, and it is McGrath was back in Sephora, and it is McGrath was back in Sephora, and it is .  So I ran and called .  So I ran and called .  So I ran and called Denča because I taught Denča how to use Denča because I taught Denča how to use Denča because I taught Denča how to use this lipstick and we're both completely pissed off this lipstick and we're both completely pissed off this lipstick and we're both completely pissed off that the Pechows just aren't there and I'm that the Pechows just aren't there and I'm that the Pechows just aren't there and I'm calling her to tell her they're calling her to tell her they're calling her to tell her they're back.  So we said we each back.  So we said we each back.  So we said we each wanted two.  I go to Sephora to wanted two.  I go to Sephora to wanted two.  I go to Sephora to buy it and I only got to buy one buy it and I only got to buy one buy it and I only got to buy one because they were already sold out, disappointingly. because they were already sold out, disappointingly. because they were already sold out, disappointingly. Anyway, I went to Anyway, I went to Anyway, I went to petmgraph.com, petmgraph.com, petmgraph.com, their supposedly official website, and they had them in their supposedly official website, and they had them in their supposedly official website, and they had them in stock, so I ordered stock, so I ordered stock, so I ordered three more.  So I have three more.  So I have three more.  So I have four peep show lipsticks on the way right now.  Two for me, two four peep show lipsticks on the way right now.  Two for me, two four peep show lipsticks on the way right now.  Two for me, two for Denča, and I'm really happy about it, for Denča, and I'm really happy about it, for Denča, and I'm really happy about it, because just look, man, how it because just look, man, how it because just look, man, how it 's being used.  I've never had a lipstick look so perfect in my life 's being used.  I've never had a lipstick look so perfect in my life .  I've simply never had a .  I've simply never had a .  I've simply never had a lipstick in my life that I'd lipstick in my life that I'd lipstick in my life that I'd use religiously.  But this is just use religiously.  But this is just use religiously.  But this is just her.  I'm so happy they her.  I'm so happy they her.  I'm so happy they brought it back because I brought it back because I brought it back because I haven't been able to buy it anywhere for the last two years.  Neither on eBay nor on haven't been able to buy it anywhere for the last two years.  Neither on eBay nor on haven't been able to buy it anywhere for the last two years.  Neither on eBay nor on Vinited.  I looked everywhere. Vinited.  I looked everywhere. Vinited.  I looked everywhere. My nose just started running again.  I don't have it My nose just started running again.  I don't have it My nose just started running again.  I don't have it .  I just have an allergic rhinitis .  I just have an allergic rhinitis .  I just have an allergic rhinitis and my nose keeps running.  Specifically from and my nose keeps running.  Specifically from and my nose keeps running.  Specifically from this one hole here.  And last week my this one hole here.  And last week my this one hole here.  And last week my nose was itching so bad that I just nose was itching so bad that I just nose was itching so bad that I just started rubbing it like this and suddenly started rubbing it like this and suddenly started rubbing it like this and suddenly I feel like there's a stench of iron in my nose I feel like there's a stench of iron in my nose I feel like there's a stench of iron in my nose and I realize that my hand is bleeding and I realize that my hand is bleeding and I realize that my hand is bleeding because blood started flowing from my nose. because blood started flowing from my nose. because blood started flowing from my nose. So just wow.  Allergic rhinitis 10 out of So just wow.  Allergic rhinitis 10 out of So just wow.  Allergic rhinitis 10 out of 10. So this is simply my lifehack to keep it So this is simply my lifehack to keep it So this is simply my lifehack to keep it from leaking: put a from leaking: put a from leaking: put a tissue in there.  Anyway, our makeup is done tissue in there.  Anyway, our makeup is done tissue in there.  Anyway, our makeup is done and I just have to apply my eyelashes.  And that's why I and I just have to apply my eyelashes.  And that's why I and I just have to apply my eyelashes.  And that's why I went to Primark, went to Primark, went to Primark, so I'll show you what I bought at so I'll show you what I bought at so I'll show you what I bought at Primark, except for the eyelashes, because of Primark, except for the eyelashes, because of Primark, except for the eyelashes, because of course I bought something.  I course I bought something.  I course I bought something.  I went to Primark purely for the eyelashes, but when went to Primark purely for the eyelashes, but when went to Primark purely for the eyelashes, but when I told you they had new beautiful I told you they had new beautiful I told you they had new beautiful pajamas, of course I couldn't resist. pajamas, of course I couldn't resist. pajamas, of course I couldn't resist. So let's start with those eyelashes.  I bought So let's start with those eyelashes.  I bought So let's start with those eyelashes.  I bought three packs of these intense three packs of these intense three packs of these intense lashes.  They cost 105 CZK and they are simply beautiful lashes.  They cost 105 CZK and they are simply beautiful lashes.  They cost 105 CZK and they are simply beautiful eyelashes.  They have a plastic-like feel, eyelashes.  They have a plastic-like feel, eyelashes.  They have a plastic-like feel, but if you have nothing else, they're perfectly fine but if you have nothing else, they're perfectly fine but if you have nothing else, they're perfectly fine .  Much better than .  Much better than .  Much better than anything you can buy at DM or anything you can buy at DM or anything you can buy at DM or Rossman.  These eyelashes Rossman.  These eyelashes Rossman.  These eyelashes are just goated.  Especially if you like are just goated.  Especially if you like are just goated.  Especially if you like thick eyelashes, like me.  So I bought those thick eyelashes, like me.  So I bought those thick eyelashes, like me.  So I bought those three times and then I bought three times and then I bought three times and then I bought this one from Sosu Cosmetics Kylie.  These are this one from Sosu Cosmetics Kylie.  These are this one from Sosu Cosmetics Kylie.  These are a little thinner, more a little thinner, more a little thinner, more natural, but today we'll use these natural, but today we'll use these natural, but today we'll use these intense ones.  So I'm going to intense ones.  So I'm going to intense ones.  So I'm going to stick them on and then I'll show you the rest of the things stick them on and then I'll show you the rest of the things stick them on and then I'll show you the rest of the things I bought. Here. Here. Here. I need my hair to I need my hair to I need my hair to dry out a bit because it's still damp in some places dry out a bit because it's still damp in some places dry out a bit because it's still damp in some places .  So in the meantime, we'll .  So in the meantime, we'll .  So in the meantime, we'll do the Primark haul.  Yes, let's do the Primark haul.  Yes, let's do the Primark haul.  Yes, let's get into it.  As I said, they had get into it.  As I said, they had get into it.  As I said, they had a lot of new beautiful pajamas there and I a lot of new beautiful pajamas there and I a lot of new beautiful pajamas there and I 'm just a pajama queen and 'm just a pajama queen and 'm just a pajama queen and I've already thrown out the vast majority of the pajamas I had I've already thrown out the vast majority of the pajamas I had I've already thrown out the vast majority of the pajamas I had because they were just too because they were just too because they were just too big for me.  OK, so let's just say big for me.  OK, so let's just say big for me.  OK, so let's just say I'm a little in need of new pajamas and I'm a little in need of new pajamas and I'm a little in need of new pajamas and I'm going to see my boyfriend. And I just want to be pretty.  I don't just want to And I just want to be pretty.  I don't just want to And I just want to be pretty.  I don't just want to walk around in a Hein T-shirt or a Shrek walk around in a Hein T-shirt or a Shrek walk around in a Hein T-shirt or a Shrek T-shirt.  I just want to be in a cute T-shirt.  I just want to be in a cute T-shirt.  I just want to be in a cute pajama set.  So the very first thing we pajama set.  So the very first thing we pajama set.  So the very first thing we have here is this pajama set.  Where is this have here is this pajama set.  Where is this have here is this pajama set.  Where is this Disney kitty?  I've Disney kitty?  I've Disney kitty?  I've never seen anything like this never seen anything like this never seen anything like this cat, but it's just a cat, but it's just a cat, but it's just a beautiful cat and it's just a pajama set, which beautiful cat and it's just a pajama set, which beautiful cat and it's just a pajama set, which are actually shorts, and I are actually shorts, and I are actually shorts, and I need scissors to need scissors to need scissors to separate it.  They're just shorts and a separate it.  They're just shorts and a separate it.  They're just shorts and a shirt.  Then I have another pajama shirt.  Then I have another pajama shirt.  Then I have another pajama set and they are cats again.  I set and they are cats again.  I set and they are cats again.  I just saw on TikTok that just saw on TikTok that just saw on TikTok that Primark had some kitty pajamas and that's why Primark had some kitty pajamas and that's why Primark had some kitty pajamas and that's why I went because I was like oh I went because I was like oh I went because I was like oh my god I really need it. my god I really need it. my god I really need it. I went there literally the next day, but as I I went there literally the next day, but as I I went there literally the next day, but as I expected, they expected, they expected, they simply didn't have it in Primark, but they had other cat simply didn't have it in Primark, but they had other cat simply didn't have it in Primark, but they had other cat pajamas, so I bought pajamas, so I bought pajamas, so I bought another cat pajamas.  It has another cat pajamas.  It has another cat pajamas.  It has just cats on it and this is a just cats on it and this is a just cats on it and this is a long shirt with long long shirt with long long shirt with long sleeves and of course it's sleeves and of course it's sleeves and of course it's just pajama pants, so that's just pajama pants, so that's just pajama pants, so that's very cute.  And when I tell you, my jaw very cute.  And when I tell you, my jaw very cute.  And when I tell you, my jaw hit the floor when I saw hit the floor when I saw hit the floor when I saw this here, it was simply yes, they brought it back. this here, it was simply yes, they brought it back. this here, it was simply yes, they brought it back. They brought a high school musical back. They brought a high school musical back. They brought a high school musical back. Just throw all those stiches and Mickey Just throw all those stiches and Mickey Just throw all those stiches and Mickey Mouse out the window and bring back High School Mouse out the window and bring back High School Mouse out the window and bring back High School Musical.  So here we have a pair of short Musical.  So here we have a pair of short Musical.  So here we have a pair of short pajamas with three Boltons. pajamas with three Boltons. pajamas with three Boltons. That's just absolutely perfect.  It's just That's just absolutely perfect.  It's just That's just absolutely perfect.  It's just absolutely perfect.  When I tell you, that absolutely perfect.  When I tell you, that absolutely perfect.  When I tell you, that High School Musical is my whole High School Musical is my whole High School Musical is my whole upbringing.  Just three and Gabriela is upbringing.  Just three and Gabriela is upbringing.  Just three and Gabriela is literally what I imagine my literally what I imagine my literally what I imagine my dream relationship to be.  And I'm kind of living dream relationship to be.  And I'm kind of living dream relationship to be.  And I'm kind of living it, so just [sighs][laughter] it, so just [sighs][laughter] it, so just [sighs][laughter] Yes.  Pyjamas machine Boltn.  It has Yes.  Pyjamas machine Boltn.  It has Yes.  Pyjamas machine Boltn.  It has three-quarter sleeves and it's just like three-quarter sleeves and it's just like three-quarter sleeves and it's just like shorts.  And then I shorts.  And then I shorts.  And then I bought this T-shirt here.  There were bought this T-shirt here.  There were bought this T-shirt here.  There were also long pants, but they had a also long pants, but they had a also long pants, but they had a leggings-like shape and a tight leggings-like shape and a tight leggings-like shape and a tight fit, with an elastic band at the fit, with an elastic band at the fit, with an elastic band at the ankles, and I didn't want that.  So I ankles, and I didn't want that.  So I ankles, and I didn't want that.  So I just bought the T-shirt, just like a just bought the T-shirt, just like a just bought the T-shirt, just like a home T-shirt, a T-shirt to sleep in.  And that's what home T-shirt, a T-shirt to sleep in.  And that's what home T-shirt, a T-shirt to sleep in.  And that's what everyone is up to.  And this is what everyone is up to.  And this is what everyone is up to.  And this is what their signatures look like on the back.  Please be nice.  Yes.   I'm their signatures look like on the back.  Please be nice.  Yes.   I'm their signatures look like on the back.  Please be nice.  Yes.   I'm 23, but I shop like I'm 23, but I shop like I'm 23, but I shop like I'm eight.  Then I bought eight.  Then I bought eight.  Then I bought two packs of socks, because two packs of socks, because two packs of socks, because socks always come in handy.  We need socks always come in handy.  We need socks always come in handy.  We need new fusaks.  And then I new fusaks.  And then I new fusaks.  And then I bought a sharpener bought a sharpener bought a sharpener for contouring or some other for contouring or some other for contouring or some other face pencils.  I had one before face pencils.  I had one before face pencils.  I had one before , but I lost it somewhere, so , but I lost it somewhere, so , but I lost it somewhere, so I bought a new one and it's the one that I bought a new one and it's the one that I bought a new one and it's the one that has more holes for different sized has more holes for different sized has more holes for different sized pencils.  And then I bought pencils.  And then I bought pencils.  And then I bought this XL this XL this XL body/mup body/mup body/mup sponge here, because like my normal beauty sponge here, because like my normal beauty sponge here, because like my normal beauty blender it's exactly the same size and blender it's exactly the same size and blender it's exactly the same size and I just use it really well and I've had I just use it really well and I've had I just use it really well and I've had mine for a while and I mine for a while and I mine for a while and I just wanted a new one and they just had this one just wanted a new one and they just had this one just wanted a new one and they just had this one here and it has a here and it has a here and it has a packaging, I mean I've never packaging, I mean I've never packaging, I mean I've never seen a seen a seen a beauty blender with its own packaging, beauty blender with its own packaging, beauty blender with its own packaging, but it also has its own packaging.  Which I guess but it also has its own packaging.  Which I guess but it also has its own packaging.  Which I guess is smart, so that it doesn't mess up the is smart, so that it doesn't mess up the is smart, so that it doesn't mess up the other things in your cosmetic other things in your cosmetic other things in your cosmetic bag, so you just put it in the packaging. bag, so you just put it in the packaging. bag, so you just put it in the packaging. Kind of smart.  I'll see if I Kind of smart.  I'll see if I Kind of smart.  I'll see if I use it or if I just use it or if I just use it or if I just throw it in the bag like I always do.  So that throw it in the bag like I always do.  So that throw it in the bag like I always do.  So that 's my Primark haul.  Didn't buy any home 's my Primark haul.  Didn't buy any home 's my Primark haul.  Didn't buy any home decor.  I'm just keeping it very short decor.  I'm just keeping it very short decor.  I'm just keeping it very short and sweet.  Just things that I really and sweet.  Just things that I really and sweet.  Just things that I really needed.  aka new pajamas needed.  aka new pajamas needed.  aka new pajamas and socks and eyelashes.  So that was my and socks and eyelashes.  So that was my and socks and eyelashes.  So that was my Primark haul and I'm going to straighten my Primark haul and I'm going to straighten my Primark haul and I'm going to straighten my hair.  Guys, I completely hair.  Guys, I completely hair.  Guys, I completely forgot to tell you that we're going to forgot to tell you that we're going to forgot to tell you that we're going to shoot the bubble.  I just shoot the bubble.  I just shoot the bubble.  I just got ready and we went straight to filming. got ready and we went straight to filming. got ready and we went straight to filming. So I didn't film anything.  I was So I didn't film anything.  I was So I didn't film anything.  I was filming.  Here you can see the full size of filming.  Here you can see the full size of filming.  Here you can see the full size of the trash can that I have to take out when the trash can that I have to take out when the trash can that I have to take out when we go downstairs.  We're going down because we go downstairs.  We're going down because we go downstairs.  We're going down because we're going to Tesco.  Give me the whole thing.  Well, the we're going to Tesco.  Give me the whole thing.  Well, the we're going to Tesco.  Give me the whole thing.  Well, the whole thing.  Maybe I've told you this before, maybe whole thing.  Maybe I've told you this before, maybe whole thing.  Maybe I've told you this before, maybe not, but I got vouchers from not, but I got vouchers from not, but I got vouchers from FNF because guys, I absolutely love FNF because guys, I absolutely love FNF because guys, I absolutely love FNFO and I talk about it quite often and I FNFO and I talk about it quite often and I FNFO and I talk about it quite often and I actually just manifested my actually just manifested my actually just manifested my collaboration with FNF.  And guess what I collaboration with FNF.  And guess what I collaboration with FNF.  And guess what I got?  [laughs] got?  [laughs] got?  [laughs] Collaboration with FNF.  So, at the beginning of the collaboration, they sent me Collaboration with FNF.  So, at the beginning of the collaboration, they sent me Collaboration with FNF.  So, at the beginning of the collaboration, they sent me some vouchers to just some vouchers to just some vouchers to just buy something nice.  And buy something nice.  And buy something nice.  And since I'm flying to Albania next week, it would since I'm flying to Albania next week, it would since I'm flying to Albania next week, it would definitely come in handy.  Maybe definitely come in handy.  Maybe definitely come in handy.  Maybe some new swimsuits, because they some new swimsuits, because they some new swimsuits, because they have really great ones there.  I bought the yellow ones at FNF have really great ones there.  I bought the yellow ones at FNF have really great ones there.  I bought the yellow ones at FNF that you guys are praising so much. that you guys are praising so much. that you guys are praising so much. By the way, I bought those at By the way, I bought those at By the way, I bought those at FNF too and I would just like to buy FNF too and I would just like to buy FNF too and I would just like to buy something summery because I'm going something summery because I'm going something summery because I'm going to Albania in September like last summer and to Albania in September like last summer and to Albania in September like last summer and I want to have some new outfits that I haven't seen on me I want to have some new outfits that I haven't seen on me I want to have some new outfits that I haven't seen on me yet.  If you get it. yet.  If you get it. yet.  If you get it. Especially now I'll be about 150 times Especially now I'll be about 150 times Especially now I'll be about 150 times sexier than I was before, sexier than I was before, sexier than I was before, because now I still have this really because now I still have this really because now I still have this really long hair.  You just understand that long hair.  You just understand that long hair.  You just understand that it really upgraded my appearance, like I just really it really upgraded my appearance, like I just really it really upgraded my appearance, like I just really look objectively better than look objectively better than look objectively better than I did with that short hair.  And that's I did with that short hair.  And that's I did with that short hair.  And that's why I kept wearing those wigs and that's why why I kept wearing those wigs and that's why why I kept wearing those wigs and that's why I kept wearing ponytails, because I kept wearing ponytails, because I kept wearing ponytails, because I knew that somehow I looked better that way. I knew that somehow I looked better that way. I knew that somehow I looked better that way. And now I have a whole ass new head of And now I have a whole ass new head of And now I have a whole ass new head of hair and especially the ones I have are just hair and especially the ones I have are just hair and especially the ones I have are just straight and dyed, so it just straight and dyed, so it just straight and dyed, so it just looks really good.  I just really looks really good.  I just really looks really good.  I just really look good.  So he just gets to experience a whole look good.  So he just gets to experience a whole look good.  So he just gets to experience a whole new version of me.  You understand that he simply new version of me.  You understand that he simply new version of me.  You understand that he simply subscribed to something.  But the subscribed to something.  But the subscribed to something.  But the subscription is getting better. subscription is getting better. subscription is getting better. Premium version. Premium version. Premium version. Yes, he has the premium version now, well, not yet, Yes, he has the premium version now, well, not yet, Yes, he has the premium version now, well, not yet, it's only until I get married. it's only until I get married. it's only until I get married. Anyway, we filmed an episode of Bubbles, Anyway, we filmed an episode of Bubbles, Anyway, we filmed an episode of Bubbles, which was a conspiracy theory, and which was a conspiracy theory, and which was a conspiracy theory, and we wanted to shoot two parts because I want to we wanted to shoot two parts because I want to we wanted to shoot two parts because I want to reshoot some content before I fly away reshoot some content before I fly away reshoot some content before I fly away , because I just don't want it to , because I just don't want it to , because I just don't want it to happen again that I fly away and there's just happen again that I fly away and there's just happen again that I fly away and there's just nothing for two weeks.  So I'm reshooting nothing for two weeks.  So I'm reshooting nothing for two weeks.  So I'm reshooting the content, but the content, but the content, but we literally used all the voiceovers we had for we literally used all the voiceovers we had for we literally used all the voiceovers we had for this episode, so we'll be this episode, so we'll be this episode, so we'll be reshooting the next episode.  We'll be reshooting the next episode.  We'll be reshooting the next episode.  We'll be filming a lot this week.  We need to do so-called content filming a lot this week.  We need to do so-called content filming a lot this week.  We need to do so-called content max content prep.  Axis.  I didn't want to max content prep.  Axis.  I didn't want to max content prep.  Axis.  I didn't want to come up with any outfits because I just come up with any outfits because I just come up with any outfits because I just really hate clothes, like, you really hate clothes, like, you really hate clothes, like, you know, I would absolutely love to live in know, I would absolutely love to live in know, I would absolutely love to live in pajamas.  I absolutely hate sitting around pajamas.  I absolutely hate sitting around pajamas.  I absolutely hate sitting around in something that's like jeans. in something that's like jeans. in something that's like jeans. Like I'll take days off when I go out, but Like I'll take days off when I go out, but Like I'll take days off when I go out, but I wouldn't voluntarily sit in them at home I wouldn't voluntarily sit in them at home I wouldn't voluntarily sit in them at home , like I just really don't understand , like I just really don't understand , like I just really don't understand people who just sit on the people who just sit on the people who just sit on the couch at home dressed formally. couch at home dressed formally. couch at home dressed formally. [laughs] It's just like [laughs] It's just like [laughs] It's just like I either just wear I either just wear I either just wear panties to the lab coats, or I just have a panties to the lab coats, or I just have a panties to the lab coats, or I just have a giant T-shirt, or I just have pajamas. giant T-shirt, or I just have pajamas. giant T-shirt, or I just have pajamas. I absolutely love soft, comfortable I absolutely love soft, comfortable I absolutely love soft, comfortable material and it really bothers me to material and it really bothers me to material and it really bothers me to wear a long skirt like in the video here. wear a long skirt like in the video here. wear a long skirt like in the video here. Like, yeah, I get that it looks Like, yeah, I get that it looks Like, yeah, I get that it looks nice, but in this weather, like, did we nice, but in this weather, like, did we nice, but in this weather, like, did we forget that we're in a middle of the forget that we're in a middle of the forget that we're in a middle of the heat wave?  Like I'm isolated here heat wave?  Like I'm isolated here heat wave?  Like I'm isolated here like the sun, right?  and I have the curtains like the sun, right?  and I have the curtains like the sun, right?  and I have the curtains drawn here and I have the drawn here and I have the drawn here and I have the air conditioning here and I live in one air conditioning here and I live in one air conditioning here and I live in one room here, so I don't really notice that it room here, so I don't really notice that it room here, so I don't really notice that it 's hot, but it's definitely 's hot, but it's definitely 's hot, but it's definitely hotter than in the winter, so I hotter than in the winter, so I hotter than in the winter, so I try to maximize my comfort.  And try to maximize my comfort.  And try to maximize my comfort.  And today I just said to myself, you know what, today I just said to myself, you know what, today I just said to myself, you know what, since I already have nice new pajamas, I'll put them since I already have nice new pajamas, I'll put them since I already have nice new pajamas, I'll put them on the podcast, that today they'll on the podcast, that today they'll on the podcast, that today they'll just be so comfortable and they're really just be so comfortable and they're really just be so comfortable and they're really nice pajamas, like they're not just some nice pajamas, like they're not just some nice pajamas, like they're not just some old, eh, holey pair.  It's old, eh, holey pair.  It's old, eh, holey pair.  It's actually so [ __ ] cute and I'm going to take it actually so [ __ ] cute and I'm going to take it actually so [ __ ] cute and I'm going to take it with me to Albania.  Yes.  I ran out of with me to Albania.  Yes.  I ran out of with me to Albania.  Yes.  I ran out of new nightgowns today. new nightgowns today. new nightgowns today. But I wear nightgowns like But I wear nightgowns like But I wear nightgowns like normal, like it's nothing. normal, like it's nothing. normal, like it's nothing. It is quite sexy though, but I It is quite sexy though, but I It is quite sexy though, but I just wear it like I wouldn't just wear it like I wouldn't just wear it like I wouldn't buy it specifically for a guy, you know what, buy it specifically for a guy, you know what, buy it specifically for a guy, you know what, but I just bought a new one. but I just bought a new one. but I just bought a new one. I'll show you later, Andje. She looks a bit like a pigeon.  Now [laughs] a She looks a bit like a pigeon.  Now [laughs] a She looks a bit like a pigeon.  Now [laughs] a spy. spy. spy. You are my spy.  You are my spy.  She's You are my spy.  You are my spy.  She's You are my spy.  You are my spy.  She's totally holding up, isn't she?  She is a virgin.  Okay, totally holding up, isn't she?  She is a virgin.  Okay, totally holding up, isn't she?  She is a virgin.  Okay, I'll take some more. Oh well, guys, I'm going to get dressed and Oh well, guys, I'm going to get dressed and Oh well, guys, I'm going to get dressed and we're heading to FNF to spend my vouchers we're heading to FNF to spend my vouchers we're heading to FNF to spend my vouchers on clothes.  Guys, we're in the car right now on clothes.  Guys, we're in the car right now on clothes.  Guys, we're in the car right now and we're going to the summer camps.  [laughs] and we're going to the summer camps.  [laughs] and we're going to the summer camps.  [laughs] What we've just been up to is a bit What we've just been up to is a bit What we've just been up to is a bit crazy.  I can't spoil it for you too much here crazy.  I can't spoil it for you too much here crazy.  I can't spoil it for you too much here , because it will be in a , because it will be in a , because it will be in a separate special video.  I simply have a separate special video.  I simply have a separate special video.  I simply have a video that has several sequels and video that has several sequels and video that has several sequels and now we were filming one of the parts of that video now we were filming one of the parts of that video now we were filming one of the parts of that video and let's say it's about testing and let's say it's about testing and let's say it's about testing businesses in Prague 1 and we were testing businesses in Prague 1 and we were testing businesses in Prague 1 and we were testing one of those businesses and it was a one of those businesses and it was a one of those businesses and it was a terrible flop.  It was a really terrible flop and terrible flop.  It was a really terrible flop and terrible flop.  It was a really terrible flop and has the lowest rating so far. has the lowest rating so far. has the lowest rating so far. Anyway, I won't be able to spoil it for you Anyway, I won't be able to spoil it for you Anyway, I won't be able to spoil it for you , so you can enjoy the , so you can enjoy the , so you can enjoy the separate video, but that's what separate video, but that's what separate video, but that's what we've been up to.  Trying and a business in we've been up to.  Trying and a business in we've been up to.  Trying and a business in Prague 1 and now we're going to Letňany Prague 1 and now we're going to Letňany Prague 1 and now we're going to Letňany because they have a big FNFO there and I want to because they have a big FNFO there and I want to because they have a big FNFO there and I want to use my vouchers.  I want to buy use my vouchers.  I want to buy use my vouchers.  I want to buy something nice for myself.  So, something nice for myself.  So, something nice for myself.  So, what's up, guys?  We're just going to the what's up, guys?  We're just going to the what's up, guys?  We're just going to the Letňany shopping center.  I've been here Letňany shopping center.  I've been here Letňany shopping center.  I've been here once in my life.  Today is my second time. once in my life.  Today is my second time. once in my life.  Today is my second time. Welcome to the Letňany shopping center. Welcome to the Letňany shopping center. Welcome to the Letňany shopping center. Yeah, they're really like Yeah, they're really like Yeah, they're really like FNF here, like special. FNF here, like special. FNF here, like special. Oh my God, I love this.  So now I know Oh my God, I love this.  So now I know Oh my God, I love this.  So now I know why we're here. why we're here. why we're here. I'll buy it like a pig, people.  That will be a I'll buy it like a pig, people.  That will be a I'll buy it like a pig, people.  That will be a mega purchase.  I'm dying to know that it's mega purchase.  I'm dying to know that it's mega purchase.  I'm dying to know that it's like its own section.  That's like its own section.  That's like its own section.  That's really great.  I can't wait.  So really great.  I can't wait.  So really great.  I can't wait.  So guys, let's start with swimsuits.  Normally guys, let's start with swimsuits.  Normally guys, let's start with swimsuits.  Normally 50% off.  That's a banger.  Me These are 50% off.  That's a banger.  Me These are 50% off.  That's a banger.  Me These are mine.  Here are these yellow ones.  These mine.  Here are these yellow ones.  These mine.  Here are these yellow ones.  These yellow ones are mine and I love them.  And there yellow ones are mine and I love them.  And there yellow ones are mine and I love them.  And there are even 50% discounts, which is are even 50% discounts, which is are even 50% discounts, which is amazing.  I like these quite a bit amazing.  I like these quite a bit amazing.  I like these quite a bit , but my tits wouldn't even fit in there , but my tits wouldn't even fit in there , but my tits wouldn't even fit in there like a [ __ ].  And like a [ __ ].  And like a [ __ ].  And these are nice here too, but I don't want them all together these are nice here too, but I don't want them all together these are nice here too, but I don't want them all together . . . I quite like it in the brown version, but it I quite like it in the brown version, but it I quite like it in the brown version, but it would look good with would look good with would look good with shorts or as a top, not just shorts or as a top, not just shorts or as a top, not just as a swimsuit or maybe before as a swimsuit or maybe before as a swimsuit or maybe before you go to the beach, you put this on and go you go to the beach, you put this on and go you go to the beach, you put this on and go in it, you know?  and then it dries up.   I in it, you know?  and then it dries up.   I in it, you know?  and then it dries up.   I quite like these quite like these quite like these green ones here, but I don't like the green ones here, but I don't like the green ones here, but I don't like the detail they have.  [music] But I detail they have.  [music] But I detail they have.  [music] But I quite like these ones with quite like these ones with quite like these ones with the glitter, but I'm not completely the glitter, but I'm not completely the glitter, but I'm not completely captivated by any of them so far.  Let's see.   I did captivated by any of them so far.  Let's see.   I did captivated by any of them so far.  Let's see.   I did n't help myself at all, n't help myself at all, n't help myself at all, literally.  The best option is the ones I literally.  The best option is the ones I literally.  The best option is the ones I have, and those are my yellow ones.  So that's have, and those are my yellow ones.  So that's have, and those are my yellow ones.  So that's a bit stupid.  That's a bit stupid.  So it a bit stupid.  That's a bit stupid.  So it a bit stupid.  That's a bit stupid.  So it probably won't be swimsuits.  Anyway, go. probably won't be swimsuits.  Anyway, go. probably won't be swimsuits.  Anyway, go. They're having a sale here right now.  Yes, there They're having a sale here right now.  Yes, there They're having a sale here right now.  Yes, there are still swimsuits here.  Oh, there are are still swimsuits here.  Oh, there are are still swimsuits here.  Oh, there are many more here.  Well, that's many more here.  Well, that's many more here.  Well, that's something else, of course.  Hmm.  Hey, I like something else, of course.  Hmm.  Hey, I like something else, of course.  Hmm.  Hey, I like these here.  I really like these, [music] these here.  I really like these, [music] these here.  I really like these, [music] how they have that clasp.  I don't know if my how they have that clasp.  I don't know if my how they have that clasp.  I don't know if my breasts will fit in there, but I'd give it a breasts will fit in there, but I'd give it a breasts will fit in there, but I'd give it a try.  And I really like the try.  And I really like the try.  And I really like the glittery ones here, but I know that it would glittery ones here, but I know that it would glittery ones here, but I know that it would overstimulate me like that, that overstimulate me like that, that overstimulate me like that, that material, that it's so biting. material, that it's so biting. material, that it's so biting. No, not cute.  Here, the ones in the ear, the No, not cute.  Here, the ones in the ear, the No, not cute.  Here, the ones in the ear, the chocolate ones, look amazing and chocolate ones, look amazing and chocolate ones, look amazing and I quite like these ones here, eh, the cheetah ones, they're I quite like these ones here, eh, the cheetah ones, they're I quite like these ones here, eh, the cheetah ones, they're quite good.  And then they have quite good.  And then they have quite good.  And then they have these.  I don't really like any of you these.  I don't really like any of you these.  I don't really like any of you .  I really like the Hot .  I really like the Hot .  I really like the Hot Pink ones here, but I would like them in a different cut.   I really Pink ones here, but I would like them in a different cut.   I really Pink ones here, but I would like them in a different cut.   I really like these blue ones, but they're a like these blue ones, but they're a like these blue ones, but they're a bit too mommy, it bit too mommy, it bit too mommy, it feels like I'm a mom. feels like I'm a mom. feels like I'm a mom. I love these.  Jesus, you guys are such I love these.  Jesus, you guys are such I love these.  Jesus, you guys are such idiots, aren't you?  I really like it.  [music] idiots, aren't you?  I really like it.  [music] idiots, aren't you?  I really like it.  [music] And here are these orange ones.  Oh, And here are these orange ones.  Oh, And here are these orange ones.  Oh, I like these and they only have them in size I like these and they only have them in size I like these and they only have them in size 34, so that's a bit silly, but I would really 34, so that's a bit silly, but I would really 34, so that's a bit silly, but I would really like them and this like them and this like them and this skirt to go with them, that would be absolutely great. skirt to go with them, that would be absolutely great. skirt to go with them, that would be absolutely great. Anyway, I really like these.  And Anyway, I really like these.  And Anyway, I really like these.  And I also like that I also like that I also like that they have cheetahs here, like this one they have cheetahs here, like this one they have cheetahs here, like this one , but they only have one , but they only have one , but they only have one size.  I still like the size.  I still like the size.  I still like the chocolate ones.  I'm wondering if I want the chocolate ones.  I'm wondering if I want the chocolate ones.  I'm wondering if I want the chocolate ones or if I want the white ones. chocolate ones or if I want the white ones. chocolate ones or if I want the white ones. Guys, I found the chocolate ones in Guys, I found the chocolate ones in Guys, I found the chocolate ones in 46, because they only have 50 and 46, because they only have 50 and 46, because they only have 50 and 40 here, so I'll definitely take them [music], 40 here, so I'll definitely take them [music], 40 here, so I'll definitely take them [music], because the white ones don't have a bottom in 46 or I'm because the white ones don't have a bottom in 46 or I'm because the white ones don't have a bottom in 46 or I'm looking for something different on the looking for something different on the looking for something different on the label, but they're all kind of label, but they're all kind of label, but they're all kind of small and most importantly they have low waste, I small and most importantly they have low waste, I small and most importantly they have low waste, I think the ones I have at home think the ones I have at home think the ones I have at home are mega high waste.  These are not are mega high waste.  These are not are mega high waste.  These are not low wasted either.  They won't make my stomach low wasted either.  They won't make my stomach low wasted either.  They won't make my stomach growl.  Yeah, this is an ass.  Okay, got it.   I'm growl.  Yeah, this is an ass.  Okay, got it.   I'm growl.  Yeah, this is an ass.  Okay, got it.   I'm so sick of it.  And now I need a top so sick of it.  And now I need a top so sick of it.  And now I need a top and I would need it in size 48. Where is the and I would need it in size 48. Where is the and I would need it in size 48. Where is the label on it?  Like here, it doesn't have any label on it?  Like here, it doesn't have any label on it?  Like here, it doesn't have any , so it's free.  I literally do , so it's free.  I literally do , so it's free.  I literally do n't know.  44, right?  I need it. n't know.  44, right?  I need it. n't know.  44, right?  I need it. Here is 46. Well, I would like 48, for example. Here is 46. Well, I would like 48, for example. Here is 46. Well, I would like 48, for example. Here is 48. Here is 48. Here is 48. Yes.  I think it looks nice on me. Oh, it's like Yes.  I think it looks nice on me. Oh, it's like Yes.  I think it looks nice on me. Oh, it's like some kind of cancour that will some kind of cancour that will some kind of cancour that will hang on my belly.  Well, that's very hang on my belly.  Well, that's very hang on my belly.  Well, that's very interesting.  And like not gonna lie.  I interesting.  And like not gonna lie.  I interesting.  And like not gonna lie.  I really like that bra, but it's just really like that bra, but it's just really like that bra, but it's just not in my size unfortunately.  And I'm not in my size unfortunately.  And I'm not in my size unfortunately.  And I'm not going to lie, but I really like not going to lie, but I really like not going to lie, but I really like these. I might buy these as well. these. I might buy these as well. these. I might buy these as well. 46. ​​That's literally my size and I think 46. ​​That's literally my size and I think 46. ​​That's literally my size and I think if I tighten them enough, they'll if I tighten them enough, they'll if I tighten them enough, they'll support my boobs a little bit.  Yes, I want to support my boobs a little bit.  Yes, I want to support my boobs a little bit.  Yes, I want to have these.  These are so bad.  I have these.  These are so bad.  I have these.  These are so bad.  I really like this shirt, I really like this shirt, I really like this shirt, I wouldn't wear it myself, but it's really wouldn't wear it myself, but it's really wouldn't wear it myself, but it's really nice and I'm really annoyed that they nice and I'm really annoyed that they nice and I'm really annoyed that they don't have this in my size.  Because they would just don't have this in my size.  Because they would just don't have this in my size.  Because they would just look so good together. look so good together. look so good together. Anyway, let's go look at the Anyway, let's go look at the Anyway, let's go look at the rest of the stuff.  They have some skirts here.  Oh, rest of the stuff.  They have some skirts here.  Oh, rest of the stuff.  They have some skirts here.  Oh, some furry cheetah.  These are the some furry cheetah.  These are the some furry cheetah.  These are the pants here.   They pants here.   They pants here.   They have some pants here too.  They have have some pants here too.  They have have some pants here too.  They have shorts here. shorts here. shorts here. Hey, guys, I really like Hey, guys, I really like Hey, guys, I really like this pajama set here.  It's this pajama set here.  It's this pajama set here.  It's like a top and shorts and it's completely like a top and shorts and it's completely like a top and shorts and it's completely whimsical like that looks so good. whimsical like that looks so good. whimsical like that looks so good. This is 446 on purpose. This is 446 on purpose. This is 446 on purpose. And it's just like a And it's just like a And it's just like a shirt and it's just shorts.  I'm shirt and it's just shorts.  I'm shirt and it's just shorts.  I'm really buying this.  Still wearing shorts really buying this.  Still wearing shorts really buying this.  Still wearing shorts here, right?  That's 44 46. I would here, right?  That's 44 46. I would here, right?  That's 44 46. I would need more like 46 48, but there's need more like 46 48, but there's need more like 46 48, but there's only 4850 here. only 4850 here. only 4850 here. Like I'll either have it really tight Like I'll either have it really tight Like I'll either have it really tight or I'll have it really loose.  So or I'll have it really loose.  So or I'll have it really loose.  So now the question is whether I should get the now the question is whether I should get the now the question is whether I should get the bigger ones.  I'd rather have it big than bigger ones.  I'd rather have it big than bigger ones.  I'd rather have it big than small.  Guys, I really small.  Guys, I really small.  Guys, I really like this top, but I'm like this top, but I'm like this top, but I'm not sure if I would not sure if I would not sure if I would wear it.  But like it's really nice.  They have a wear it.  But like it's really nice.  They have a wear it.  But like it's really nice.  They have a size 40 there. Yeah, but they don't even have size 40 there. Yeah, but they don't even have size 40 there. Yeah, but they don't even have my size.  They have 44 there and then there are my size.  They have 44 there and then there are my size.  They have 44 there and then there are only 38. So unfortunately.  Then there are these kind of shirt-like, only 38. So unfortunately.  Then there are these kind of shirt-like, only 38. So unfortunately.  Then there are these kind of shirt-like, peasant peasant peasant dresses and I really like them. dresses and I really like them. dresses and I really like them. Like when I had short hair, Like when I had short hair, Like when I had short hair, I wouldn't have bought it, but now with I wouldn't have bought it, but now with I wouldn't have bought it, but now with the long ones, if I get curly, I the long ones, if I get curly, I the long ones, if I get curly, I think it could be giving.   I think it could be giving.   I think it could be giving.   I just can't decide if I just can't decide if I just can't decide if I like it better in blue or brown, like it better in blue or brown, like it better in blue or brown, because the brown one looks fab too, it because the brown one looks fab too, it because the brown one looks fab too, it could be just as pretty.  Shry would could be just as pretty.  Shry would could be just as pretty.  Shry would bow 400, if I buy two, it's bow 400, if I buy two, it's bow 400, if I buy two, it's 800. So I should probably get 800. So I should probably get 800. So I should probably get both, [laughs] both, [laughs] both, [laughs] because whenever I buy something because whenever I buy something because whenever I buy something in two colors, I always end up in two colors, I always end up in two colors, I always end up wearing only one color.  Yes, so wearing only one color.  Yes, so wearing only one color.  Yes, so cute.  It's really nice, but cute.  It's really nice, but cute.  It's really nice, but I really like it.  Hmm, nice.  Great for a I really like it.  Hmm, nice.  Great for a I really like it.  Hmm, nice.  Great for a date night.  Nice for ice cream.  There's date night.  Nice for ice cream.  There's date night.  Nice for ice cream.  There's a black leatherette skirt here, but a black leatherette skirt here, but a black leatherette skirt here, but like in the summer, I really won't wear leatherette. like in the summer, I really won't wear leatherette. like in the summer, I really won't wear leatherette. That's like goodbye.  They're already getting ready That's like goodbye.  They're already getting ready That's like goodbye.  They're already getting ready for the autumn here. for the autumn here. for the autumn here. These shorts are pretty cute. These shorts are pretty cute. These shorts are pretty cute. They're nice, but I don't really like that top They're nice, but I don't really like that top They're nice, but I don't really like that top .  And then here we have the discount .  And then here we have the discount .  And then here we have the discount section.  I already showed you that.  I don't section.  I already showed you that.  I don't section.  I already showed you that.  I don't want anything here.  I absolutely hate discounts want anything here.  I absolutely hate discounts want anything here.  I absolutely hate discounts because they're just such a complete because they're just such a complete because they're just such a complete rip-off, like what are we left with?  What's rip-off, like what are we left with?  What's rip-off, like what are we left with?  What's up, guys?  Guess what time it is?  1 in up, guys?  Guess what time it is?  1 in up, guys?  Guess what time it is?  1 in the morning.  I last spoke to you at the morning.  I last spoke to you at the morning.  I last spoke to you at Tesco and since I got Tesco and since I got Tesco and since I got back I've been extremely back I've been extremely back I've been extremely busy with work because I'm busy with work because I'm busy with work because I'm leaving next week, flying to Albania and I leaving next week, flying to Albania and I leaving next week, flying to Albania and I just can't, I can't, I can't let just can't, I can't, I can't let just can't, I can't, I can't let my business not do well my business not do well my business not do well because the decorders have been completely down in the last few days because the decorders have been completely down in the last few days because the decorders have been completely down in the last few days or like it's been in the last few weeks, but right now, or like it's been in the last few weeks, but right now, or like it's been in the last few weeks, but right now, especially in the last few days, we've had especially in the last few days, we've had especially in the last few days, we've had absolutely amazing momentum.  We have an awful lot of absolutely amazing momentum.  We have an awful lot of absolutely amazing momentum.  We have an awful lot of orders.  Our orders.  Our orders.  Our followers and numbers are growing extremely fast.  We're building the followers and numbers are growing extremely fast.  We're building the followers and numbers are growing extremely fast.  We're building the hype, it's working.  People are loving hype, it's working.  People are loving hype, it's working.  People are loving it.  And I just need the it.  And I just need the it.  And I just need the momentum to keep going, to continue. momentum to keep going, to continue. momentum to keep going, to continue. So I just re-shot Realska, So I just re-shot Realska, So I just re-shot Realska, where I will teach you how to do different where I will teach you how to do different where I will teach you how to do different decor styles.  If you like a decor styles.  If you like a decor styles.  If you like a particular style of decor, I'll tell you particular style of decor, I'll tell you particular style of decor, I'll tell you how to do it.  And then I was making more how to do it.  And then I was making more how to do it.  And then I was making more posts and I'm already extremely, well, posts and I'm already extremely, well, posts and I'm already extremely, well, not like tired, but I'm already, like, not like tired, but I'm already, like, not like tired, but I'm already, like, ugh, I need to turn it off, I just don't want ugh, I need to turn it off, I just don't want ugh, I need to turn it off, I just don't want to sit at the computer anymore and I just really to sit at the computer anymore and I just really to sit at the computer anymore and I just really want to take off my makeup.  But since want to take off my makeup.  But since want to take off my makeup.  But since I just finished the I just finished the I just finished the last round, I think it's time to last round, I think it's time to last round, I think it's time to take it off.  I'm already completely take it off.  I'm already completely take it off.  I'm already completely overstimulated as a pig.  I can't wait to overstimulated as a pig.  I can't wait to overstimulated as a pig.  I can't wait to take off those pajamas because take off those pajamas because take off those pajamas because the is for the aesthetics.  I the is for the aesthetics.  I the is for the aesthetics.  I have to throw it in the washing machine first and then I go have to throw it in the washing machine first and then I go have to throw it in the washing machine first and then I go take a shower and wash my face.  And I'll film a take a shower and wash my face.  And I'll film a take a shower and wash my face.  And I'll film a haul for you, because tomorrow I'll receive a haul for you, because tomorrow I'll receive a haul for you, because tomorrow I'll receive a package full of clothes, so we'll package full of clothes, so we'll package full of clothes, so we'll unpack it together and I'll unpack it together and I'll unpack it together and I'll show you what I bought in that FNF store. show you what I bought in that FNF store. show you what I bought in that FNF store. And at the same time I received a She in package.  Yes, And at the same time I received a She in package.  Yes, And at the same time I received a She in package.  Yes, I know, it's bad, but I I know, it's bad, but I I know, it's bad, but I bought two T-shirts and a nightgown, so bought two T-shirts and a nightgown, so bought two T-shirts and a nightgown, so it's not dead deep.  [laughs] it's not dead deep.  [laughs] it's not dead deep.  [laughs] Anyways, see you in the next video.