Good morning from Chopped City. But this
is my last day looking chopped.
Today I'm ending my chopped era. As
you can see, I'm still looking rough and my
hair is greasy, but we'll end it today. I'm out of
stuff. I don't have them anymore today,
so I just feel the prospect of a better
tomorrow. The darkness is already behind us.
So good morning. Welcome to another
daily vlog. Today is Monday, so
we will have a typical
work day. And you will spend it with me. I
washed my hair on Wednesday, it's
Monday. I'm telling you, you could fry on that
. On that hair. Normally, they
could just fry an omelet on them
. So I'm going to
take a shower and wash my head. What would be the
point if we didn't start it with a
cup of coffee? My favorite coffee mug,
as always, ice and milk.
One shot.
Guys, I know it's kind of
funny that I have a coffee maker and the coffee I
choose to use is Starbuck, but I really
like the Starbucks Blond
Rose and I've been buying it for three years now and
I specifically like the coffee with
this blend, how
light it is and whenever someone comes to me
and has my coffee, they
always compliment me on it, like anyone who's
had coffee at my house has always complimented me on how
good it is. So I recommend
the Starbucks Blond Rose here. And the second shot.
We have coffee.
I made these protein pancakes for breakfast again
. I
just love them so much and you know exactly how many
calories are in them and it's actually ready in two
minutes. Just look at this
beauty, ready in two
minutes. Bon appetite. Let's wish
each other a successful day. Although
I assume you're probably watching this in the
evening, so I'll wish myself a successful
day. I wish you a successful tomorrow.
Excellent. I have two bubbles to shoot today
. Then I want to go for
lunch/afternoon
brunch here at a restaurant we have
on the street and then we want to go to FNF in
Letany because they say they have a
really big FNFO there and I
got vouchers from FNF, so I want to buy
some clothes. So we have quite a
busy schedule. Given the fact that my
schedule is mostly just doing something on the
computer and not moving from one place. Well,
today is busy. So guys, let's
finally do some makeup, after a
week of not wearing makeup. And without further
ado, I'm really looking forward to
looking good again, because for the
last week I've felt
absolutely, absolutely disgusting, but
my skin is getting better, those pesky spots
are starting to go away. Can
the camera focus on me and not on that
mirror? Thank you. Anyway, I
just wanted to let my skin breathe and not do
anything, but today we're going to put on a
real show and I'm really looking forward to it. So
let's get started. As always, my
favorite makeup from Essence. He
might be too yellow for me, because I'm already
terribly pale. Like I really
wish my tan would last longer
than like two weeks, because I'm
completely white as a brick again. But
not for long, because I When is it? It
's already next week. I'm flying to
Albania.
Yes. I'm gna see m. Yes, it's already next
week. I'm flying to Albania on Wednesday.
So we have to get a lot of work done here this week so that
I can leave in peace and keep the
business going even though I'm gone
because I want to focus on my
boyfriend. We had agreed that
he would fly to see me in August and that
I would then go see him again sometime in early September,
and we were just
waiting for him to be told at work
when he would get time off. And last week we
found out some unpleasant news,
namely that everyone will
only get two days off from their work a week. That they wo
n't get a whole week and will
only get two days because they simply have
so much work and so many orders that everyone
has to be at work, so they can't
go away for a week, so they won't arrive until September
, at the end of September. And
I could have endured it for like one month.
I am with him unseen. But considering
that I still wanted
to fly to Albania in September, because I still wanted to
catch the last sea before it gets cold,
we agreed
that instead of September I would fly now in August,
because Mates would have two weeks of
vacation now, so I said to myself,
you know what, I'll also take two weeks of
vacation and instead of September I'll fly now in
August, so I'll go or
rather fly to Albania on Wednesday and I'm really looking forward to it
. So let's put an
end to my fading for a moment and
get a little tan again. So that's it. Next
week I'm flying to Albania and before
I go there, I'll stop
by my parents in Břeclav to take the kittens there again
. So I'll vlog for you. I would like to
make more vlogs about Albania
or simply more content
this time, because last time, when I
was there for the first time, I didn't want to
film everything and I wanted to
enjoy most of the time in the
present moment. But now that I'm going there for
the second time, I'd like to do
more than just film you.
I already know a little bit about it and it seems like my boyfriend
will be at work during the day and we'll
always see each other from about two in the afternoon
because he ends up at work. What kind of
mess do I have here? So again, I'll
have the morning and early
afternoon to myself for some
activities, and I'll be with him in the afternoon. So
yes. I would like to show you more and I am really looking forward to it
. I finally get to
see my man, you guys. I just
love him so much. I
used a different powder than I normally
use and I feel a little choppy.
I'm kind of too pink. I don't
know if you can tell. But let's go for
bronzer. Let's go for bronzer.
I may have given a little too much. Hey,
I haven't worn makeup for a week and
I've already forgotten how to do it.
Now I'll use a setting spray. Look
how little I have there already. Yeah, and
I bought this setting spray
in Albania and it suits me really well, so I
am very happy that I will go to Albania
and buy it there. It's possible that they have
this brand in Austria or
Germany, but I won't be there,
so I'll buy it in Albania. And it's
so good. I'm really looking forward to Rosman and
Lala. Please, my best friend Rosman
is called Rosman and Lala.
As if anyone would be surprised that
I use it up so quickly when I use it in
such large quantities, but it's simply the
perfect setting spray. He
connects everything so well that it
looks absolutely fantastic. Even now, when my
face is still wet, it already
looks fantastic. I'm going to
do my lip makeup now. I'm going to use
this Flower Nose contour in
shade 03. I really like these contours
. And this is a
darker brown.
We have a contour and I will use
my Pet McGrath skis as always, which are already completely
carved out. So I'm going to squeeze it out a little with tweezers
.
Eh, I'll put it on my lips. Oh, and I'll
smudge it with a brush. Guys, this is simply
my absolute favorite lipstick of
all lipsticks. I've never had a better
lipstick. Whatever contour you use, it's just
perfect for this. and I have the
best news of all,
because this lipstick has been discontinued for two years
and I've told you several times
that I'm trying to find something like
dube, some lipstick that would be
similar to it, but it just hasn't worked. And then
one day, aka yesterday, someone wrote to me in a
comment on TikTok that Peep Show by Pat
McGrath was back in Sephora, and it is
. So I ran and called
Denča because I taught Denča how to use
this lipstick and we're both completely pissed off
that the Pechows just aren't there and I'm
calling her to tell her they're
back. So we said we each
wanted two. I go to Sephora to
buy it and I only got to buy one
because they were already sold out, disappointingly.
Anyway, I went to
petmgraph.com,
their supposedly official website, and they had them in
stock, so I ordered
three more. So I have
four peep show lipsticks on the way right now. Two for me, two
for Denča, and I'm really happy about it,
because just look, man, how it
's being used. I've never had a lipstick look so perfect in my life
. I've simply never had a
lipstick in my life that I'd
use religiously. But this is just
her. I'm so happy they
brought it back because I
haven't been able to buy it anywhere for the last two years. Neither on eBay nor on
Vinited. I looked everywhere.
My nose just started running again. I don't have it
. I just have an allergic rhinitis
and my nose keeps running. Specifically from
this one hole here. And last week my
nose was itching so bad that I just
started rubbing it like this and suddenly
I feel like there's a stench of iron in my nose
and I realize that my hand is bleeding
because blood started flowing from my nose.
So just wow. Allergic rhinitis 10 out of
10.
So this is simply my lifehack to keep it
from leaking: put a
tissue in there. Anyway, our makeup is done
and I just have to apply my eyelashes. And that's why I
went to Primark,
so I'll show you what I bought at
Primark, except for the eyelashes, because of
course I bought something. I
went to Primark purely for the eyelashes, but when
I told you they had new beautiful
pajamas, of course I couldn't resist.
So let's start with those eyelashes. I bought
three packs of these intense
lashes. They cost 105 CZK and they are simply beautiful
eyelashes. They have a plastic-like feel,
but if you have nothing else, they're perfectly fine
. Much better than
anything you can buy at DM or
Rossman. These eyelashes
are just goated. Especially if you like
thick eyelashes, like me. So I bought those
three times and then I bought
this one from Sosu Cosmetics Kylie. These are
a little thinner, more
natural, but today we'll use these
intense ones. So I'm going to
stick them on and then I'll show you the rest of the things
I bought.
Here.
I need my hair to
dry out a bit because it's still damp in some places
. So in the meantime, we'll
do the Primark haul. Yes, let's
get into it. As I said, they had
a lot of new beautiful pajamas there and I
'm just a pajama queen and
I've already thrown out the vast majority of the pajamas I had
because they were just too
big for me. OK, so let's just say
I'm a little in need of new pajamas and
I'm going to see my boyfriend.
And I just want to be pretty. I don't just want to
walk around in a Hein T-shirt or a Shrek
T-shirt. I just want to be in a cute
pajama set. So the very first thing we
have here is this pajama set. Where is this
Disney kitty? I've
never seen anything like this
cat, but it's just a
beautiful cat and it's just a pajama set, which
are actually shorts, and I
need scissors to
separate it. They're just shorts and a
shirt. Then I have another pajama
set and they are cats again. I
just saw on TikTok that
Primark had some kitty pajamas and that's why
I went because I was like oh
my god I really need it.
I went there literally the next day, but as I
expected, they
simply didn't have it in Primark, but they had other cat
pajamas, so I bought
another cat pajamas. It has
just cats on it and this is a
long shirt with long
sleeves and of course it's
just pajama pants, so that's
very cute. And when I tell you, my jaw
hit the floor when I saw
this here, it was simply yes, they brought it back.
They brought a high school musical back.
Just throw all those stiches and Mickey
Mouse out the window and bring back High School
Musical. So here we have a pair of short
pajamas with three Boltons.
That's just absolutely perfect. It's just
absolutely perfect. When I tell you, that
High School Musical is my whole
upbringing. Just three and Gabriela is
literally what I imagine my
dream relationship to be. And I'm kind of living
it, so just [sighs][laughter]
Yes. Pyjamas machine Boltn. It has
three-quarter sleeves and it's just like
shorts. And then I
bought this T-shirt here. There were
also long pants, but they had a
leggings-like shape and a tight
fit, with an elastic band at the
ankles, and I didn't want that. So I
just bought the T-shirt, just like a
home T-shirt, a T-shirt to sleep in. And that's what
everyone is up to. And this is what
their signatures look like on the back. Please be nice. Yes. I'm
23, but I shop like I'm
eight. Then I bought
two packs of socks, because
socks always come in handy. We need
new fusaks. And then I
bought a sharpener
for contouring or some other
face pencils. I had one before
, but I lost it somewhere, so
I bought a new one and it's the one that
has more holes for different sized
pencils. And then I bought
this XL
body/mup
sponge here, because like my normal beauty
blender it's exactly the same size and
I just use it really well and I've had
mine for a while and I
just wanted a new one and they just had this one
here and it has a
packaging, I mean I've never
seen a
beauty blender with its own packaging,
but it also has its own packaging. Which I guess
is smart, so that it doesn't mess up the
other things in your cosmetic
bag, so you just put it in the packaging.
Kind of smart. I'll see if I
use it or if I just
throw it in the bag like I always do. So that
's my Primark haul. Didn't buy any home
decor. I'm just keeping it very short
and sweet. Just things that I really
needed. aka new pajamas
and socks and eyelashes. So that was my
Primark haul and I'm going to straighten my
hair. Guys, I completely
forgot to tell you that we're going to
shoot the bubble. I just
got ready and we went straight to filming.
So I didn't film anything. I was
filming. Here you can see the full size of
the trash can that I have to take out when
we go downstairs. We're going down because
we're going to Tesco. Give me the whole thing. Well, the
whole thing. Maybe I've told you this before, maybe
not, but I got vouchers from
FNF because guys, I absolutely love
FNFO and I talk about it quite often and I
actually just manifested my
collaboration with FNF. And guess what I
got? [laughs]
Collaboration with FNF. So, at the beginning of the collaboration, they sent me
some vouchers to just
buy something nice. And
since I'm flying to Albania next week, it would
definitely come in handy. Maybe
some new swimsuits, because they
have really great ones there. I bought the yellow ones at FNF
that you guys are praising so much.
By the way, I bought those at
FNF too and I would just like to buy
something summery because I'm going
to Albania in September like last summer and
I want to have some new outfits that I haven't seen on me
yet. If you get it.
Especially now I'll be about 150 times
sexier than I was before,
because now I still have this really
long hair. You just understand that
it really upgraded my appearance, like I just really
look objectively better than
I did with that short hair. And that's
why I kept wearing those wigs and that's why
I kept wearing ponytails, because
I knew that somehow I looked better that way.
And now I have a whole ass new head of
hair and especially the ones I have are just
straight and dyed, so it just
looks really good. I just really
look good. So he just gets to experience a whole
new version of me. You understand that he simply
subscribed to something. But the
subscription is getting better.
Premium version.
Yes, he has the premium version now, well, not yet,
it's only until I get married.
Anyway, we filmed an episode of Bubbles,
which was a conspiracy theory, and
we wanted to shoot two parts because I want to
reshoot some content before I fly away
, because I just don't want it to
happen again that I fly away and there's just
nothing for two weeks. So I'm reshooting
the content, but
we literally used all the voiceovers we had for
this episode, so we'll be
reshooting the next episode. We'll be
filming a lot this week. We need to do so-called content
max content prep. Axis. I didn't want to
come up with any outfits because I just
really hate clothes, like, you
know, I would absolutely love to live in
pajamas. I absolutely hate sitting around
in something that's like jeans.
Like I'll take days off when I go out, but
I wouldn't voluntarily sit in them at home
, like I just really don't understand
people who just sit on the
couch at home dressed formally.
[laughs] It's just like
I either just wear
panties to the lab coats, or I just have a
giant T-shirt, or I just have pajamas.
I absolutely love soft, comfortable
material and it really bothers me to
wear a long skirt like in the video here.
Like, yeah, I get that it looks
nice, but in this weather, like, did we
forget that we're in a middle of the
heat wave? Like I'm isolated here
like the sun, right? and I have the curtains
drawn here and I have the
air conditioning here and I live in one
room here, so I don't really notice that it
's hot, but it's definitely
hotter than in the winter, so I
try to maximize my comfort. And
today I just said to myself, you know what,
since I already have nice new pajamas, I'll put them
on the podcast, that today they'll
just be so comfortable and they're really
nice pajamas, like they're not just some
old, eh, holey pair. It's
actually so [ __ ] cute and I'm going to take it
with me to Albania. Yes. I ran out of
new nightgowns today.
But I wear nightgowns like
normal, like it's nothing.
It is quite sexy though, but I
just wear it like I wouldn't
buy it specifically for a guy, you know what,
but I just bought a new one.
I'll show you later, Andje.
She looks a bit like a pigeon. Now [laughs] a
spy.
You are my spy. You are my spy. She's
totally holding up, isn't she? She is a virgin. Okay,
I'll take some more.
Oh well, guys, I'm going to get dressed and
we're heading to FNF to spend my vouchers
on clothes. Guys, we're in the car right now
and we're going to the summer camps. [laughs]
What we've just been up to is a bit
crazy. I can't spoil it for you too much here
, because it will be in a
separate special video. I simply have a
video that has several sequels and
now we were filming one of the parts of that video
and let's say it's about testing
businesses in Prague 1 and we were testing
one of those businesses and it was a
terrible flop. It was a really terrible flop and
has the lowest rating so far.
Anyway, I won't be able to spoil it for you
, so you can enjoy the
separate video, but that's what
we've been up to. Trying and a business in
Prague 1 and now we're going to Letňany
because they have a big FNFO there and I want to
use my vouchers. I want to buy
something nice for myself. So,
what's up, guys? We're just going to the
Letňany shopping center. I've been here
once in my life. Today is my second time.
Welcome to the Letňany shopping center.
Yeah, they're really like
FNF here, like special.
Oh my God, I love this. So now I know
why we're here.
I'll buy it like a pig, people. That will be a
mega purchase. I'm dying to know that it's
like its own section. That's
really great. I can't wait. So
guys, let's start with swimsuits. Normally
50% off. That's a banger. Me These are
mine. Here are these yellow ones. These
yellow ones are mine and I love them. And there
are even 50% discounts, which is
amazing. I like these quite a bit
, but my tits wouldn't even fit in there
like a [ __ ]. And
these are nice here too, but I don't want them all together
.
I quite like it in the brown version, but it
would look good with
shorts or as a top, not just
as a swimsuit or maybe before
you go to the beach, you put this on and go
in it, you know? and then it dries up. I
quite like these
green ones here, but I don't like the
detail they have. [music] But I
quite like these ones with
the glitter, but I'm not completely
captivated by any of them so far. Let's see. I did
n't help myself at all,
literally. The best option is the ones I
have, and those are my yellow ones. So that's
a bit stupid. That's a bit stupid. So it
probably won't be swimsuits. Anyway, go.
They're having a sale here right now. Yes, there
are still swimsuits here. Oh, there are
many more here. Well, that's
something else, of course. Hmm. Hey, I like
these here. I really like these, [music]
how they have that clasp. I don't know if my
breasts will fit in there, but I'd give it a
try. And I really like the
glittery ones here, but I know that it would
overstimulate me like that, that
material, that it's so biting.
No, not cute. Here, the ones in the ear, the
chocolate ones, look amazing and
I quite like these ones here, eh, the cheetah ones, they're
quite good. And then they have
these. I don't really like any of you
. I really like the Hot
Pink ones here, but I would like them in a different cut. I really
like these blue ones, but they're a
bit too mommy, it
feels like I'm a mom.
I love these. Jesus, you guys are such
idiots, aren't you? I really like it. [music]
And here are these orange ones. Oh,
I like these and they only have them in size
34, so that's a bit silly, but I would really
like them and this
skirt to go with them, that would be absolutely great.
Anyway, I really like these. And
I also like that
they have cheetahs here, like this one
, but they only have one
size. I still like the
chocolate ones. I'm wondering if I want the
chocolate ones or if I want the white ones.
Guys, I found the chocolate ones in
46, because they only have 50 and
40 here, so I'll definitely take them [music],
because the white ones don't have a bottom in 46 or I'm
looking for something different on the
label, but they're all kind of
small and most importantly they have low waste, I
think the ones I have at home
are mega high waste. These are not
low wasted either. They won't make my stomach
growl. Yeah, this is an ass. Okay, got it. I'm
so sick of it. And now I need a top
and I would need it in size 48. Where is the
label on it? Like here, it doesn't have any
, so it's free. I literally do
n't know. 44, right? I need it.
Here is 46. Well, I would like 48, for example.
Here is 48.
Yes. I think it looks nice on me. Oh, it's like
some kind of cancour that will
hang on my belly. Well, that's very
interesting. And like not gonna lie. I
really like that bra, but it's just
not in my size unfortunately. And I'm
not going to lie, but I really like
these. I might buy these as well.
46. ​​That's literally my size and I think
if I tighten them enough, they'll
support my boobs a little bit. Yes, I want to
have these. These are so bad. I
really like this shirt, I
wouldn't wear it myself, but it's really
nice and I'm really annoyed that they
don't have this in my size. Because they would just
look so good together.
Anyway, let's go look at the
rest of the stuff. They have some skirts here. Oh,
some furry cheetah. These are the
pants here. They
have some pants here too. They have
shorts here.
Hey, guys, I really like
this pajama set here. It's
like a top and shorts and it's completely
whimsical like that looks so good.
This is 446 on purpose.
And it's just like a
shirt and it's just shorts. I'm
really buying this. Still wearing shorts
here, right? That's 44 46. I would
need more like 46 48, but there's
only 4850 here.
Like I'll either have it really tight
or I'll have it really loose. So
now the question is whether I should get the
bigger ones. I'd rather have it big than
small. Guys, I really
like this top, but I'm
not sure if I would
wear it. But like it's really nice. They have a
size 40 there. Yeah, but they don't even have
my size. They have 44 there and then there are
only 38. So unfortunately. Then there are these kind of shirt-like,
peasant
dresses and I really like them.
Like when I had short hair,
I wouldn't have bought it, but now with
the long ones, if I get curly, I
think it could be giving. I
just can't decide if I
like it better in blue or brown,
because the brown one looks fab too, it
could be just as pretty. Shry would
bow 400, if I buy two, it's
800. So I should probably get
both, [laughs]
because whenever I buy something
in two colors, I always end up
wearing only one color. Yes, so
cute. It's really nice, but
I really like it. Hmm, nice. Great for a
date night. Nice for ice cream. There's
a black leatherette skirt here, but
like in the summer, I really won't wear leatherette.
That's like goodbye. They're already getting ready
for the autumn here.
These shorts are pretty cute.
They're nice, but I don't really like that top
. And then here we have the discount
section. I already showed you that. I don't
want anything here. I absolutely hate discounts
because they're just such a complete
rip-off, like what are we left with? What's
up, guys? Guess what time it is? 1 in
the morning. I last spoke to you at
Tesco and since I got
back I've been extremely
busy with work because I'm
leaving next week, flying to Albania and I
just can't, I can't, I can't let
my business not do well
because the decorders have been completely down in the last few days
or like it's been in the last few weeks, but right now,
especially in the last few days, we've had
absolutely amazing momentum. We have an awful lot of
orders. Our
followers and numbers are growing extremely fast. We're building the
hype, it's working. People are loving
it. And I just need the
momentum to keep going, to continue.
So I just re-shot Realska,
where I will teach you how to do different
decor styles. If you like a
particular style of decor, I'll tell you
how to do it. And then I was making more
posts and I'm already extremely, well,
not like tired, but I'm already, like,
ugh, I need to turn it off, I just don't want
to sit at the computer anymore and I just really
want to take off my makeup. But since
I just finished the
last round, I think it's time to
take it off. I'm already completely
overstimulated as a pig. I can't wait to
take off those pajamas because
the is for the aesthetics. I
have to throw it in the washing machine first and then I go
take a shower and wash my face. And I'll film a
haul for you, because tomorrow I'll receive a
package full of clothes, so we'll
unpack it together and I'll
show you what I bought in that FNF store.
And at the same time I received a She in package. Yes,
I know, it's bad, but I
bought two T-shirts and a nightgown, so
it's not dead deep. [laughs]
Anyways, see you in the next video.
