And then I filmed two vlogs where I
pretend to go shopping. I filmed these in
May. It's shopping for the summer
vacation and I also wanted to
film the part where I show you
what I bought, because in those
videos I go to the store and
choose the things and then I wanted to
do the part where I show you.
And I never filmed it again,
so I have two of those videos, so I
thought I could just
compress it together and make a
mashup video out of it and at least I could
use it somehow, because at this
point it's just sitting on my computer and I
always remember it and realize
how much I don't want to deal with it
, because if I just
film something and don't edit it for a long time, I'll just never
get around to it again. But for some
reason my chain just came undone.
What the hell? But why ca
n't I get to it? I don't know, I just have this kind of
X of my own that
I'll just release a three-month-old
video here, but what if I just release it like
[laughter] yeah, [sighs]
I don't know, I don't know. I just have a really
interesting way of thinking and not at all
rational. Hi guys, I
promised you another come Shopping with me for the
holidays, because as you know, literally the day
after tomorrow, the
gentleman in vlogs, literally the day after tomorrow I'm flying to
Thailand for the Press strips Are You the One
by Prima. And since I don't have any, really, any
simple clothes, like
you, you saw part one, where we
tried to go shopping, and I told you then
that if there was going to be part 2, we would go
to the Black Bridge again,
which I'll show you now. Hey guys,
I greet you again from the escalator and let's go to part 2 of
shopping for summer clothes. We are
on the black bridge again. Not that I
need to come here twice in the span of one
week, but today we're going to the Keels event,
eh, which is here. So I thought,
on that occasion, since
we're going straight here, let's go. Let's check in
DM, please, if they have Silky Blur
foundation.
Well, on that occasion, while
we're here, we decided to come a
little earlier and just look at
some other things for the holiday, because I
still don't have enough of them. Guys, Nyx
launched a fat body oil today, but we don't
see it here.
Where is Rosmanova?
Ah, I thought it was everywhere. Like
where Nxivne is in Rosman.
Oh no. But you know what I was thinking? I
really like how they have those colorful
lines. I just don't wear colored
eyeliner because I'm a little
afraid of it. I don't know, I just think the line should
be black, but from what I've seen
, I think some kind of graphic line
would be just mega cute with it. Guys,
I mainly want to see if
Essence has my favorite silky Blur
Foundation here, because it seems like when we were
here before, it was sold out. Uh,
what is this? Hmm.
That's some honey collection. Looks
cute. So guys, surprisingly they don't have Silky
Blur Foundation, or rather they do have it, but
I need shade 110 and the lowest
shade they have here is 150, so
let's go
to Rosman, guys. Another side quest, eh,
is to go to the pompom, see if
they have a Little Pet Shop. This is some
big bobble. They could have
Sylvanian Families here too. OMG, guys. I'm
after What is it? [ __ ]?
Look, man. You can catch that,
right? You're telling me how
you're going to beat this fake guy here.
Here is Doby.
Guys, if you're wondering why we're here
, here's Little Spchop. Here is
Little Spop. Here is Little Spchop.
Kids, if you're wondering why we're
bumblebees, it's because I'm going to buy Little
Spop for my boyfriend. Yes.
And those are some great [music] Littles
Patchop. I want the kind they have one
in a pack. Well guys,
you probably know that I'm going to Albania to visit
my long distance boyfriend and since I
'm just Wim Trinket Bry, I
want to buy him a Little from Pečopák
so that he has something connected to me.
You [music] know guys, look, here
are the Sylvanian Families, you know. I
love and here this one, oh my god, pull pull
up decoderyin new post right now,
because my guy is a Scorpio and I,
as a Scorpio, gave
this exact [ __ ] right here
and now I'm literally saying I'm going to buy something for a
guy and I see this [ __ ] here that
I gave him and he acknowledged it. He said
you were thinking about me when making
the post and I said yes. Can you tell? And he's like,
"Yes,
look, that's her.
Wt get it."
But I'm not buying him, man, Sylvenian
Family for 900, man. I'll at least
take a picture of him. But I just want to buy him
a Little Spechopák, because
the first time we met, I
just gave him a little kitty from
a blind box and I just want to give him
another trinket, so he can just have it
as a souvenir of me, from me, so he can just wear it Are you [ __ ] yourself
? They have that strawberry here,
dude.
It's like you and out.
Oh,
[coughing] I want the strawberry one.
Like you won't buy crap for nine
, [laughs]
but they have the new Blooming Baby
Friend Series here.
But it's not that expensive here,
right? These are the blind boxes where there is only
one. So let's go to Rossman to see
if the new
NX [music] Fat body is there yet. You like me my
Gucci shoes.
Hmm. I don't see it. I don't see it,
Guys, what do I do? They just
don't have it anywhere and I need it because the
makeup is just so good. [laughs]
Guys, look, here's the new NYX
stuff. But that exhibition is pretty
shitty, really. Sugar.
Ass mask.
Biden,
guys. Another day, another Agenm
shopping spre.
I haven't been on this side yet, but
guys, I'm not going to lie. When I got
home and looked at the footage from the
video, I thought to myself, there
are a lot of things here that I did
n't buy. The vacation is gonna be
long, so we need to find some more
cute summer pieces. That is my mission. Okay
, guys, I'm leaving empty-handed. All the
nice things have disappeared somewhere. Guys,
look what I got.
Show me what you got
in your bun, you meatloaf.
And I have a hot dog.
You charge it like
you do, dude.
Anyway, surprisingly, when you go
to the Black Bridge two days apart,
what's going to be mega new there, right? Nothing.
So I need to buy clothes today,
yeah, I just need to buy some shoes,
I need to buy some pants,
I need to buy some tops,
I need to buy some headwear
and most importantly, a swimsuit. And kids, maybe
you can recognize that we are not anywhere in the Czech Republic. That's
right, we are in Vienna. So let's go
shopping. SPR
to Westfield Ven suites. So my first one is
going to DM. You could already see
that I'm on the hunt for my favorite
Essence Silky Blur Foundation and this
DM is really huge. Like, I
think we might
get lost there, because this is such a big DM
that it's possible. Kids, I just love
shopping malls on a regular day because there are
simply no kids here. Not that
anyone would recognize me here, but I'm
looking to see if I might need
some eyelashes,
eyelashes, not lashes. Look here, the
Austrians have some innovative things here too
. And here you have these like
strips. You've probably seen it on
TikTok, where you just put it on your finger and
then you just kind of polish it. And
here they have a real press
on.
Thick, thick. We don't have Art Deco here.
We have L'Oreal, we have Maybelline, NYX we have
Manhattan, Catris.
Let's see, let's see. Please, please,
please, please, please, please. I'm out of
luck again. I'm out of
luck again. So what if we
tried it? So
makeup is [music] a shield and maybe maybe
we'll try that concealer, right? Because I'm
running out of concealer too.
And if they don't have makeup, at least they have
concealer, right? Hey, guys, they normally
have a lot of
[ __ ] like this in Austria. I'm dying.
What do they have here? Something interesting. I have
the contouring one here and I used
it once. Well,
interesting. Folks, if you're wondering what they
have here at the Westfield Sud shopping center
, it's Zara. Here, HMko is on
our side now. Anyway, we are most
interested in Primark. Hey, because we love that
cheap stuff. People normally have a
DJI store here.
Dense. Look, people, what flowers they have here
. And they have a juice
bar here. They normally have a Dyson
store there. And everything here is so
luxurious. Folks, we are lost. We look
at the map. Eh, their name is unknown.
Well, look, there's something called this,
right? Turquoise.
That was supposed to be the name of our e-shop,
Sunusem, and someone stole it from us and
created their own store here, Turkis, in Vienna, and
then there's a store here called
Morava. Anyway, we're going to Primark
and we've probably already passed it, so we have to
go back. Guys, look, there's
normally a holist here. Just
thick. Guys, there's a swimsuit store here
,
right? These are swimsuits. And this looks
pretty solid here. This set
has a high waist.
Well, we'll stop here for now. Okay,
kids, we did it. We found
Primark. Guys, I just love Primark.
Kids, we thought we'd take it
systematically, but we got lost in
the long skirts here and they have some
really cool stuff here, like
I have a feeling we're going to buy something here today, but
we have to take it systematically from the
edge. [laughs] We have to take it from the edge.
And they have all kinds of interesting
tops with brooches like these. But we'll
take it this way first. Guys, look, they
have a bag like this here. Just like
their Austrian Primark, they're pretty
killer. I knew exactly why
we were going to Austria and why we weren't going to
Brno. Guys, look, they have some really
nice summer shoes here. I
like these here.
And then I also like those
pununtíkové here. The blue ones are good too.
Here, the transparent ones have a
small heel. These are
pretty cool here. I quite like you. They are
cute. And these are good here too, guys. They actually
have the exact same shoes I
'm wearing right now. And these are
like flip-flops with Kitten Hill on them and they
also have them in black and I'll probably
buy them. What else do we have here? Come on, the kids
here have some really fun pajamas. You
know I absolutely love Primark
pyjamas. They also have some nightgowns here
. Well, unfortunately, we're not here to
shop for pajamas today. Look, these are just
cute pajamas. And here they also have these
pajamas, I have the blue one here.
You can still see me in that. Here are the
Punic [music] pajamas. Well, I don't believe it.
Such night baskets. It's like it's going to tighten your
chest, yeah, it's going to make you feel a
little bit like a uh. So I'll buy it here.
I'll buy that nightstand. She normally has
this kind of support in her breasts. They
won't waste their time.
That's great. So, a nightgown. I
really like this with the crabs or whatever.
Ice cream,
leopard, polka dots, lemons. Folks, I'm not going to
lie. Simply put, their home section is
much better. Here they just have
strawberry bedding. Unfortunately, I'm not here for the
strawberry sheets because I have a
sheet full of ass. And here's how they do it
with oranges, guys. They have a really cool
top here, just like this top. Oh, that's cute.
Such a fish. Anyway, they have a
top like this here and they also have
matching shorts and it's super cool.
So I'm definitely buying it. That XL would be
better.
Okay, okay. But don't take it lightly. You know, I
'm already skinny right now. So that it doesn't happen to be a
big deal to me.
Wait.
That will be
good. So I'm ready for the elephants,
guys. I really like this
bag that looks like a seashell and
I really like these shoes with the
beads and they have these flip-
flops.
And how much does it cost?
108.
So I'll take them for 180 CZK. A
hat like this or
if I tried on a hat.
We're trying on a hat
for real. I
look like a sandoka. Man
, people, look at how many
clamps they have here. That's wonderful. This is
absolutely beautiful. And here you are with those
shells. Dude, that's nice. And here
I like these, I don't know, these are
some kind of big pants. I think it's a good idea to
make a
big bun and stick it in there.
And it would fit into yours. Not the
park one. On yours. If you would
give it. Come on, get out of my hair. If you
did something like that. I would
look pretty embarrassed then. And that
's small. I still have a little bit. And
these little things here are nice too. That's what I have
on my new clothes. I
bought that.
Fact?
Well, they have such nice,
different dresses here, don't they? These aren't
much, but I
really like these. You look good. I would
easily buy you one too. And I like these here
. They just have a good cut, yeah. And
you're in front, right? No, I don't like these
. These summer ones
look absolutely bombastic. Just so
, so free. I
really like these here. If only I had small breasts,
yes. So I would totally buy this.
Guys, I love their home
section here.
And now I'm interested in this
frame with the house here.
That looks really cute. So cute.
Look, they have a really nice
vase here and they have these
storage books that you can put something in. They
have some really nice things here, I'm
not even going to lie to you. As you know, I
love vases, unfortunately I have too many vases at home
, but they also have good
frames here. I really like this one here. They
have really nice stuff here overall. They
have plates like that here.
Not for sale. Yeah, like the holder. Those
plates are bigger. I love it. They have the
Amalfico type of [ __ ] here. They have a
lot of things here.
Look, these are like candles and that
is like a dog and a cat. He
's absolutely perfect as a dog. That's
beautiful. Jesus Mary. I'm not a dog
person, but that dog is super
cute. So let's go check out the New
Yorker in Vienna, please. Yeah, guys,
come on, swimsuits. There are a whole bunch of them here. An
unexpected surprise. This place is complete
[ __ ]. Let's go look at HMK. Guys, when it
comes to clothes, they have almost
identical clothes to the Czech Republic, but they have
these new body sprays here. It smells
really nice in here. They even have
perfumes like this here. Yeah, they have their own
fragrances here and their own
cosmetic line here. So here are some
contours for you, like
the one from Hmek. €10 seems like a
lot to me. That's beautiful. Wow, these people can
behave so nicely. Guys, with the
2000 Heroine Sheic making a comeback,
apparently non-existent panties are making a comeback too,
because all those panties are just
completely miniature. [music] Like what
exactly is wrong with me? I have to ask. That
bra has a lot of potential, but I
just can't buy anything to go with it.
I really like these ones with the
flowers, and I also really like these
blue ones. They're pretty
cool too. Okay. Watch out people, there are
even highway stations here. The only ones
just the only ones. And I don't even like
the color, I'm really
dependent on just one pair of panties here. It's just
completely stupid,
like, "Mom, how would you use
this?" How would I
