Call your boss and say I've been a bad Call your boss and say I've been a bad Call your boss and say I've been a bad employee.  Punish me. Mom's boss is my father Loy. Mom's boss is my father Loy. Mom's boss is my father Loy. [laughter] It'll be [laughter] It'll be [laughter] It'll be fun. fun. fun. Do it, you will enjoy it.   You will enjoy it.   Oh, it will be Do it, you will enjoy it.   You will enjoy it.   Oh, it will be fun.   Have you fun.   Have you fun.   Have you forgotten your father's number? forgotten your father's number? forgotten your father's number? Hello. Hello. Hello. Hi. Hi. Hi. Yes son. Yes son. Yes son. I have been a very bad employee.  You Know. I have been a very bad employee.  You Know. I have been a very bad employee.  You Know. You should punish me.  Who is saying this?  [Laughs] Arzoo also told me something, so Arzoo also told me something, so Arzoo also told me something, so according to according to according to Arzoo, how do you know that you work, do you know Arzoo, how do you know that you work, do you know Arzoo, how do you know that you work, do you know or does she know? or does she know? or does she know? [laughs] It's okay, just [laughs] It's okay, just [laughs] It's okay, just punish me. punish me. punish me. Hey, I don't force you. Talk to him. Hello, yes Hello, yes Hello, yes son, son, son, yes Papa ji, Namaste yes Papa ji, Namaste yes Papa ji, Namaste Namaste, someone said that he is a bad employee, Namaste, someone said that he is a bad employee, Namaste, someone said that he is a bad employee, first of all he is not an employee, no no first of all he is not an employee, no no first of all he is not an employee, no no Papa ji, there was nothing like that, I am Papa ji, there was nothing like that, I am Papa ji, there was nothing like that, I am saying that Akanksha is saying, saying that Akanksha is saying, saying that Akanksha is saying, no no Papa ji, I am not saying that, no no Papa ji, I am not saying that, no no Papa ji, I am not saying that, we are just telling each other we are just telling each other we are just telling each other in which areas we should work.  He was saying in which areas we should work.  He was saying in which areas we should work.  He was saying that I don't know that I will call Papa ji and that I don't know that I will call Papa ji and that I don't know that I will call Papa ji and tell him about the punishment. tell him about the punishment. tell him about the punishment. Why? Why? Why? I am not able to understand why are you I am not able to understand why are you I am not able to understand why are you saying this?  Is there any saying this?  Is there any saying this?  Is there any new development?  [laughter] Hey, Hey, Hey, I don't see any new development that would require punishment. I don't see any new development that would require punishment. I don't see any new development that would require punishment. How long will you be coming? How long will you be coming? How long will you be coming? Yes, I am coming in a while, if there is some good Yes, I am coming in a while, if there is some good Yes, I am coming in a while, if there is some good news then bring it. Amazing brother, amazing friend.  God bless you Amazing brother, amazing friend.  God bless you Amazing brother, amazing friend.  God bless you both General.  You are amazing general as a couple, man. both General.  You are amazing general as a couple, man. both General.  You are amazing general as a couple, man.