Today it has been 6 months since grandfather passed away, Today it has been 6 months since grandfather passed away, Today it has been 6 months since grandfather passed away, but do you know but do you know but do you know what happens in the house after 6 months of someone's death?  So as soon as what happens in the house after 6 months of someone's death?  So as soon as what happens in the house after 6 months of someone's death?  So as soon as morning came, mom and I left for younger morning came, mom and I left for younger morning came, mom and I left for younger grandfather's house.  As soon as I reached here, I saw that grandfather's house.  As soon as I reached here, I saw that grandfather's house.  As soon as I reached here, I saw that everyone was busy preparing pure and sacred food. everyone was busy preparing pure and sacred food. everyone was busy preparing pure and sacred food. Aunty is making Batu and Puri here. Aunty is making Batu and Puri here. Aunty is making Batu and Puri here. What do you call Batu here What do you call Batu here What do you call Batu here ?  Please do tell in the comments.  This is ?  Please do tell in the comments.  This is ?  Please do tell in the comments.  This is my grandfather's youngest sister.  Then Pandit my grandfather's youngest sister.  Then Pandit my grandfather's youngest sister.  Then Pandit ji performed Pind Puja for the peace of grandfather. ji performed Pind Puja for the peace of grandfather. ji performed Pind Puja for the peace of grandfather. Grandpa, wherever you are, stay healthy Grandpa, wherever you are, stay healthy Grandpa, wherever you are, stay healthy and happy.  You are still alive in our hearts. and happy.  You are still alive in our hearts. and happy.  You are still alive in our hearts. Now Pandit ji Now Pandit ji Now Pandit ji vaccinated everyone one by one.  The food vaccinated everyone one by one.  The food vaccinated everyone one by one.  The food is ready here.  First I fed all the relatives and is ready here.  First I fed all the relatives and is ready here.  First I fed all the relatives and then I also ate.  They say that then I also ate.  They say that then I also ate.  They say that everyone comes in times of happiness. everyone comes in times of happiness. everyone comes in times of happiness. In times of sorrow, we come to know who is our own and who is a stranger. In times of sorrow, we come to know who is our own and who is a stranger.