When they saw that he was going to give them a test, he gave us a test. When they saw that he was going to give them a test, he gave us a test. When they saw that he was going to give them a test, he gave us a test. We shouldn't be in front of these people, We shouldn't be in front of these people, We shouldn't be in front of these people, Captain.  [Music] This vault is This vault is This vault is made of the world's strongest titanium metal. made of the world's strongest titanium metal. made of the world's strongest titanium metal. Their task was to open it. Their task was to open it. Their task was to open it. You can use any of this equipment you want You can use any of this equipment you want You can use any of this equipment you want .  [Music] But you have time. But you have time. But you have time. Just two minutes. Just two minutes. Just two minutes. Your time starts Your time starts Your time starts now Ya [music] There's only one more minute, [music] There's only one more minute, [music] There's only one more minute, take the Explore Sticks take the Explore Sticks take the Explore Sticks Cook Cook Master, are you decorating for the Ayudha Puja Cook Cook Master, are you decorating for the Ayudha Puja Cook Cook Master, are you decorating for the Ayudha Puja ? ? ? Non-Storytelling Non-Storytelling Non-Storytelling You have the same rules and regulations You have the same rules and regulations You have the same rules and regulations here, you can use whatever you want. here, you can use whatever you want. here, you can use whatever you want. Time starts running Don't be a condom technology technology technology [Music] to use it [Music] [ Music] Stitch took two of them to use, Stitch took two of them to use, Stitch took two of them to use, I came Now you know why they are Now you know why they are Now you know why they are necessary for us, give them the necessary training necessary for us, give them the necessary training necessary for us, give them the necessary training [Music] S Hello everyone, I have a Hello everyone, I have a Hello everyone, I have a problem. I also like to do whatever the Budichavas problem. I also like to do whatever the Budichavas problem. I also like to do whatever the Budichavas like like like .  I thought the same way, and you .  I thought the same way, and you .  I thought the same way, and you thought the same way. I was wrong. thought the same way. I was wrong. thought the same way. I was wrong. I'll pick up that twig. I'll I'll pick up that twig. I'll I'll pick up that twig. I'll tell you what my plan is. Listen, you idiots. A tell you what my plan is. Listen, you idiots. A tell you what my plan is. Listen, you idiots. A lion or a sparrow lion or a sparrow lion or a sparrow can't do anything in that place.  We need to get it from there and can't do anything in that place.  We need to get it from there and bring it to a comfortable place for us. bring it to a comfortable place for us. bring it to a comfortable place for us. That rich guy might That rich guy might That rich guy might be a big troublemaker in Chennai today.  But the business he be a big troublemaker in Chennai today.  But the business he be a big troublemaker in Chennai today.  But the business he started in our area, Pandi, is started in our area, Pandi, is started in our area, Pandi, is still here still here still here .  He will come to Pondicherry for two days .  He will come to Pondicherry for two days .  He will come to Pondicherry for two days .  When he enters the dungeon, .  When he enters the dungeon, .  When he enters the dungeon, he has a bunk. he has a bunk. I'm laying eggs in his car 200 meters before that stake.   Wait I'm laying eggs in his car 200 meters before that stake.   Wait I'm laying eggs in his car 200 meters before that stake.   Wait a minute, Pandi. I'm beating a minute, Pandi. I'm beating a minute, Pandi. I'm beating Pandi's egg. Did you beat the egg in the car?  He Did you beat the egg in the car?  He would call the manager from the gas station next to the car wash anyway. would call the manager from the gas station next to the car wash anyway. would call the manager from the gas station next to the car wash anyway. I'll go there instead of that punk guy I'll go there instead of that punk guy I'll go there instead of that punk guy .  Instead of water, I'll take gasoline and .  Instead of water, I'll take gasoline and fill the car with gasoline, saying that I'm going to refuel it fill the car with gasoline, saying that I'm going to refuel it fill the car with gasoline, saying that I'm going to refuel it .  Okay, .  Okay, .  Okay, my friend works at that branch my friend works at that branch my friend works at that branch .  I come in as the guy who works there, pour .  I come in as the guy who works there, pour .  I come in as the guy who works there, pour gasoline instead of water, and gasoline instead of water, and gasoline instead of water, and touch the floor.   I'll touch the floor.   I'll put petrol in that car in 10 minutes.  I'll put petrol in that car in 10 minutes.  I'll put petrol in that car in 10 minutes.  I'll burn that car down inside.  What a burn that car down inside.  What a burn that car down inside.  What a fool he is, he is so lazy. fool he is, he is so lazy. fool he is, he is so lazy. This guy and I are doing it together.  We are getting tired and This guy and I are doing it together.  We are getting tired and fattening up that cart.  No one will have any fattening up that cart.  No one will have any fattening up that cart.  No one will have any doubts about us. doubts about us. doubts about us. I understand, Pandi and I will I understand, Pandi and I will I understand, Pandi and I will do it together.   He and do it together.   He and do it together.   He and his men jumped out of the burning car and his men jumped out of the burning car and his men jumped out of the burning car and ran away.  Then ran away.  Then ran away.  Then I'll pick up the pieces if he beats up his men and grows up I'll pick up the pieces if he beats up his men and grows up I'll pick up the pieces if he beats up his men and grows up .  This is a bit .  This is a bit .  This is a bit risky.  That's why I risky.  That's why I risky.  That's why I do it alone. do it alone. do it alone. How many people were there, Pandi?  I'm How many people were there, Pandi?  I'm How many people were there, Pandi?  I'm hitting you, Pandi. hitting you, Pandi. hitting you, Pandi. No, that's a risk.  I No, that's a risk.  I No, that's a risk.  I will take care of them myself.  Pandi, don't worry about that will take care of them myself.  Pandi, don't worry about that will take care of them myself.  Pandi, don't worry about that .  No matter how many people he has .  No matter how many people he has .  No matter how many people he has , I'll , I'll , I'll beat them.  Then beat them.  Then beat them.  Then I lock a cheeky scythe in my hand, which is growing and growing, to come alone I lock a cheeky scythe in my hand, which is growing and growing, to come alone I lock a cheeky scythe in my hand, which is growing and growing, to come alone .  I'm going to ask around, I wonder what's going on .  I'm going to ask around, I wonder what's going on .  I'm going to ask around, I wonder what's going on . . . I'll stab myself with a knife. I'll stab myself with a knife. I'll stab myself with a knife. That cheeky bastard can't be killed. That cheeky bastard can't be killed. That cheeky bastard can't be killed. Only a lock can do it.  I'm Only a lock can do it.  I'm Only a lock can do it.  I'm stalking him from behind.  You stalking him from behind.  You stalking him from behind.  You punch him from behind.  What kind of punch him from behind.  What kind of punch him from behind.  What kind of gun is that?  I don't know what gun I'm looking for. I'll gun is that?  I don't know what gun I'm looking for. I'll tell you tomorrow. Hi, brother, he Hi, brother, he Hi, brother, he told me to give it to you. told me to give it to you. I knew immediately when I saw who was the waste of yours, "Hey, Boda Kamachi."  This is the latest I knew immediately when I saw who was the waste of yours, "Hey, Boda Kamachi."  This is the latest I knew immediately when I saw who was the waste of yours, "Hey, Boda Kamachi."  This is the latest technology and it's like, " Hey, I'm going, I'm going, please." Hey, I'm going, I'm going, please." Hey, I'm going, I'm going, please." Say you have to focus. Say you have to focus. Say you have to focus. Hey, shut up for a while.  Okay, please, please, Hey, shut up for a while.  Okay, please, please, Hey, shut up for a while.  Okay, please, please, I'm thinking of a drink too I'm thinking of a drink too I'm thinking of a drink too .   If you tell me to kill you, they're playing games kill you, they're playing games kill you, they're playing games Ah, the past will chase you and chase you, and keep pressing yourself, Ah, the past will chase you and chase you, and keep pressing yourself, Ah, the past will chase you and chase you, and keep pressing yourself, pressing yourself, pressing yourself, pressing yourself, pressing yourself, pressing yourself, pressing yourself, all the sins you committed yesterday will come all the sins you committed yesterday will come all the sins you committed yesterday will come looking for you and one day they'll kill you, looking for you and one day they'll kill you, looking for you and one day they'll kill you, simple simple life [Music] If someone simple simple life [Music] If someone simple simple life [Music] If someone takes you one way, one day you won't remember, takes you one way, one day you won't remember, takes you one way, one day you won't remember, someone will end you, I'll someone will end you, I'll someone will end you, I'll give Bluetooth to everyone, we need to be connected to each other, everyone, everyone, give Bluetooth to everyone, we need to be connected to each other, everyone, everyone, remember what I said, no matter what happens, remember what I said, no matter what happens, remember what I said, no matter what happens, tell me, okay, we all brought it by hand, the tell me, okay, we all brought it by hand, the tell me, okay, we all brought it by hand, the bag is a little big, bag is a little big, bag is a little big, how are how are how are you doing, I'll talk to all of us, no you doing, I'll talk to all of us, no one will talk, I'll one will talk, I'll one will talk, I'll tell the brother I asked, enough, I'm tell the brother I asked, enough, I'm scared of this, scared of this, scared of this, give it to me, hey, give it to me, hey, give it to me, hey, this isn't a Bluetooth gimmick, it's not a made inferno, come and listen, come on, you idiot, put a headset on the ear that doesn't listen, I'm talking to the ear that doesn't listen, put a pill in the ear to this isn't a Bluetooth gimmick, it's not a made inferno, come and listen, come on, you idiot, put a headset on the ear that doesn't listen, I'm talking to the ear that doesn't listen, put a pill in the ear to drink the pill, drink the pill, drink the pill, I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I know you're joking. Hey, the car is back from the main road. Hey, the car is back from the main road. Hey, the car is back from the main road. Hurry up.   Brother, I'm Hurry up.   Brother, I'm Hurry up.   Brother, I'm leaving now.  Hey, leaving now.  Hey, leaving now.  Hey, get ready quickly. get ready quickly. get ready quickly. Hey, brother, something fishy. Hey, brother, something fishy. Hey, brother, something fishy. Someone parks their bike in the middle of the road and Someone parks their bike in the middle of the road and Someone parks their bike in the middle of the road and falls asleep.  Hey, aren't you falls asleep.  Hey, aren't you falls asleep.  Hey, aren't you Amsiya? Amsiya Amsiya? Amsiya Amsiya? Amsiya is driving in a modern costume.  Hey, she is driving in a modern costume.  Hey, she is driving in a modern costume.  Hey, she went upstairs and got a ten.  Munawata is not a man, went upstairs and got a ten.  Munawata is not a man, went upstairs and got a ten.  Munawata is not a man, triple sum, hey, there's some other plan going on that we don't know about, triple sum, hey, there's some other plan going on that we don't know about, triple sum, hey, there's some other plan going on that we don't know about, alert.  Hey, you alert.  Hey, you alert.  Hey, you go away, look at what's happening, accident accident accident What, who's that?   The doll and What, who's that?   The doll and What, who's that?   The doll and the baby are lying there, lying down, the baby are lying there, lying down, the baby are lying there, lying down, lifting the baby into the cart, and putting lifting the baby into the cart, and putting lifting the baby into the cart, and putting the cart on top of the the cart on top of the the cart on top of the doll, doll, brother, why are you putting that box aside? Brother, the cart is coming, the cart is coming, over and over, who is brother, why are you putting that box aside? Brother, the cart is coming, the cart is coming, over and over, who is talking, talking, talking, no one will come on the line, just no one will come on the line, just no one will come on the line, just do something, okay, Pandi, do something, okay, Pandi, do something, okay, Pandi, I'll take care of it. I'll take care of it. I'll take care of it. Yo, Totha, I Yo, Totha, I Yo, Totha, I told you not to add to this madness. told you not to add to this madness. told you not to add to this madness. Yo, if you Yo, if you Yo, if you leave on Sunday, leave on Sunday, leave on Sunday, where are you going? [Music] where are you going? [Music] where are you going? [Music] Hey, what's going on? Do you think you can come to our area, Hey, what's going on? Do you think you can come to our area, Hey, what's going on? Do you think you can come to our area, beat up our people and run away? beat up our people and run away? beat up our people and run away? That won't That won't That won't happen as long as we're in this place. happen as long as we're in this place. happen as long as we're in this place. Who is Rahul? Who is Rahul? Who is Rahul? It's me, Rahul. It's me, Rahul. It's me, Rahul. First, go and change the name.   The First, go and change the name.   The old man drank it and then went over and over. old man drank it and then went over and over. old man drank it and then went over and over. Hey, who is this? I have nothing to do with you. Hey, who is this? I have nothing to do with you. Hey, who is this? I have nothing to do with you. Grandpa has escaped. He's not clean. Hey, why is that dead body still burning? Hey, why is that dead body still burning? Hey, why is that dead body still burning? Hey, Suriya, when you come, come here. Grandpa is clean. Hey, look over Suriya, when you come, come here. Grandpa is clean. Hey, look over Suriya, when you come, come here. Grandpa is clean. Hey, look over there. there. there. Why are you following me? The whole Why are you following me? The whole Why are you following me? The whole family is crazy here. What's he doing here family is crazy here. What's he doing here family is crazy here. What's he doing here now? Brother, are you stupid? now? Brother, are you stupid? now? Brother, are you stupid? Hey, Hey, Hey, sir. You're the one who belongs to us. sir. You're the one who belongs to us. sir. You're the one who belongs to us. Hurry up. Hurry up. Hurry up. Okay, where are those apples and pears? I don't know where are those apples and pears? I don't know where are those apples and pears? I don't know where they went. I where they went. I where they went. I don't know where they went.  What don't know where they went.  What don't know where they went.  What is the only mystery?  He came as if he is the only mystery?  He came as if he is the only mystery?  He came as if he knew in advance how to beat an egg knew in advance how to beat an egg knew in advance how to beat an egg . . . Over and over, day by day, stay, stay. Over and over, day by day, stay, stay. Over and over, day by day, stay, stay. Hey, if he escapes somehow, only his head will Hey, if he escapes somehow, only his head will Hey, if he escapes somehow, only his head will run away. run away. run away. Something is going wrong here.  Hey, wait, Something is going wrong here.  Hey, wait, hurry up, hurry up, come on hurry up, hurry up, come on [Laughter] It [Laughter] It [Laughter] It 's nice to see you running away.   I will 's nice to see you running away.   I will 's nice to see you running away.   I will shoot you dead just like this, for this fake shoot you dead just like this, for this fake shoot you dead just like this, for this fake . . . What's the matter, you old What's the matter, you old What's the matter, you old woman? woman? woman? You must have been chasing someone. You must have been chasing someone. You must have been chasing someone. All those people All those people All those people came to our house and tied up our children, including me came to our house and tied up our children, including me .   Look, .   Look, .   Look, the second line is coming, take that too. the second line is coming, take that too. the second line is coming, take that too. Hello, I told my mother something in Kovatham Hello, I told my mother something in Kovatham Hello, I told my mother something in Kovatham .  This time, .  This time, .  This time, baby, I love you, baby, I love you, baby, I love you, father. Baby, I love you. father. Baby, I love you. Hey, I'll talk about my baby Hey, I'll talk about my baby Hey, I'll talk about my baby .   If .   If .   If my brother said it, it would make sense. I'm my brother said it, it would make sense. I'm my brother said it, it would make sense. I'm sorry to hear that. sorry to hear that. sorry to hear that. Mansur, you Mansur, you Mansur, you may have been a villain from the beginning.  But now I'm the may have been a villain from the beginning.  But now I'm the may have been a villain from the beginning.  But now I'm the villain here. villain here. villain here. Why are you running away at such an old age? Just do Why are you running away at such an old age? Just do Why are you running away at such an old age? Just do one thing, put this gun away and one thing, put this gun away and one thing, put this gun away and go to the top.  As long as you go to the top.  As long as you go to the top.  As long as you are here, nothing will happen to me, I are here, nothing will happen to me, I will not let you go without killing me. will not let you go without killing me. will not let you go without killing me. Good man [Music] Who is here, who is there, good man? Act Good man [Music] Who is here, who is there, good man? Act Good man [Music] Who is here, who is there, good man? Act like a good man and go somewhere else. I don't know if he has gone away. Bad like a good man and go somewhere else. I don't know if he has gone away. Bad like a good man and go somewhere else. I don't know if he has gone away. Bad man. Who is here, who is there, bad man? The one who has gathered to man. Who is here, who is there, bad man? The one who has gathered to man. Who is here, who is there, bad man? The one who has gathered to beat you up. Will you beat me up? Will you beat you up. Will you beat me up? Will you give me my wish? give me my wish? give me my wish? Or break me? Go to the Or break me? Go to the Or break me? Go to the auto that auto that auto that you drove, go and run. [Singing] Go to the auto that you drove, go and run. you drove, go and run. [Singing] Go to the auto that you drove, go and run. [Music] Will [Music] Will [Music] Will I come, come, come, chase you? Will you return it to you in a I come, come, come, chase you? Will you return it to you in a I come, come, come, chase you? Will you return it to you in a way that you have done wrong? Will you come, way that you have done wrong? Will you come, way that you have done wrong? Will you come, come, touch you? Will you return it to you in a way that you have done wrong? come, touch you? Will you return it to you in a way that you have done wrong? Where is he? He is hiding and Where is he? He is hiding and Where is he? He is hiding and seems to be hiding. Why are you such a big seems to be hiding. Why are you such a big seems to be hiding. Why are you such a big rowdy? What is my waste to you? Rahul rowdy? What is my waste to you? Rahul rowdy? What is my waste to you? Rahul Moonji Moonji Moonji This is Moonji, not this is Moonji, Moodevi Moonji, This is Moonji, not this is Moonji, Moodevi Moonji, This is Moonji, not this is Moonji, Moodevi Moonji, where did you leave Moocha? where did you leave Moocha? where did you leave Moocha? What are you doing, boys? What are you doing, boys? What are you doing, boys? I'm hitting a full bottle.   It's I'm hitting a full bottle.   It's I'm hitting a full bottle.   It's like a very scary Stranga like a very scary Stranga like a very scary Stranga .  I know I'm going to faint, I .  I know I'm going to faint, I .  I know I'm going to faint, I know I'm going to faint. know I'm going to faint. know I'm going to faint. I fainted and died. I fainted and died. I fainted and died. Killing death. Killing death. Killing death. Oh, Oh, Oh, Rahul, I'll go and get them Rahul, I'll go and get them Rahul, I'll go and get them .  Stopped. Okay. Okay. Okay. What are you suspicious of?  I see. What are you suspicious of?  I see. What are you suspicious of?  I see. Who will fly the car now?  Many leaves.   Don't be idle Who will fly the car now?  Many leaves.   Don't be idle Who will fly the car now?  Many leaves.   Don't be idle .  There's a knife in your hand, .  There's a knife in your hand, .  There's a knife in your hand, take it.  He will do it.  [Laughter] Remember well.  No stab in the chest, I'll ask myself, Dad, if I stab you in the chest, will you die I'll ask myself, Dad, if I stab you in the chest, will you die I'll ask myself, Dad, if I stab you in the chest, will you die immediately? If I stab you in the neck, immediately? If I stab you in the neck, immediately? If I stab you in the neck, you speak, we'll die. you speak, we'll die. you speak, we'll die. Okay, Okay, Okay, then go and stab me in the chest. Okay, come on, then go and stab me in the chest. Okay, come on, okay, ready, the car, the okay, ready, the car, the okay, ready, the car, the car, car, car, hey, the car is gone. hey, the car is gone. hey, the car is gone. Hey, Hey, Hey, sir, the car, what are you doing now, sir, the car, what are you doing now, sir, the car, what are you doing now, my car is gone? my car is gone? my car is gone? My car, My car, My car, he pushed the subject wheel he pushed the subject wheel he pushed the subject wheel out of the classroom, sir.   He out of the classroom, sir.   He out of the classroom, sir.   He twisted Dr. Kalidas's hand and twisted Dr. Kalidas's hand and asked him to admit a suicide case without filling out the admission form. asked him to admit a suicide case without filling out the admission form. asked him to admit a suicide case without filling out the admission form. He was the one who went on leave because he was afraid of that. He was the one who went on leave because he was afraid of that. He was the one who went on leave because he was afraid of that. What is this roadblock? What is this roadblock? What is this roadblock? How do I know, sir?  You know how to do it, How do I know, sir?  You know how to do it, How do I know, sir?  You know how to do it, you have an answer for everything.  Hey, you have an answer for everything.  Hey, you have an answer for everything.  Hey, do you know, do you know, do you know, sir? Leave all that behind, sir. sir? Leave all that behind, sir. sir? Leave all that behind, sir. Let's talk about Pasha Kannapin, sir.  Kassamo Let's talk about Pasha Kannapin, sir.  Kassamo Let's talk about Pasha Kannapin, sir.  Kassamo is lazy, what's the point of being a is lazy, what's the point of being a is lazy, what's the point of being a ghost? ghost? ghost? That's another matter, sir. That's another matter, sir. That's another matter, sir. Hey, leave it alone, sir. I'll dismiss him first, Hey, leave it alone, sir. I'll dismiss him first, Hey, leave it alone, sir. I'll dismiss him first, sir.   For sir.   For sir.   For a minute, that won't happen, that's wrong. a minute, that won't happen, that's wrong. a minute, that won't happen, that's wrong. Why A? Why A? Why A? What is the reason?  He came first in the entrance exam, whether he was asking questions What is the reason?  He came first in the entrance exam, whether he was asking questions What is the reason?  He came first in the entrance exam, whether he was asking questions or talking nonsense or talking nonsense or talking nonsense .  They .  They .  They need a strong reason to dismiss him. need a strong reason to dismiss him. need a strong reason to dismiss him. I [first] have got an idea. I [first] have got an idea. I [first] have got an idea. Sir, prepare a difficult cost paper for the upcoming exam Sir, prepare a difficult cost paper for the upcoming exam Sir, prepare a difficult cost paper for the upcoming exam . . I am asking a question from Silapathikaran Kundala Kesi Seevaka Chinthamani.  Honestly, I am asking a question from Silapathikaran Kundala Kesi Seevaka Chinthamani.  Honestly, I am asking a question from Silapathikaran Kundala Kesi Seevaka Chinthamani.  Honestly, he will fail. he will fail. he will fail. I'm serious, I'm noting, I'm serious, I'm noting, I'm serious, I'm noting, oh, prepare the cost paper so much that no one can answer it oh, prepare the cost paper so much that no one can answer it oh, prepare the cost paper so much that no one can answer it .  He ca .  He ca .  He ca n't answer.  He will fail and I n't answer.  He will fail and I n't answer.  He will fail and I will dispose in the next minutes.  Great will dispose in the next minutes.  Great will dispose in the next minutes.  Great idea, idea, idea, great [laughter] idea, great [laughter] idea, great [laughter] idea, Rajara Rajara, the tax collectors are bringing the construction, Rajara Rajara, the tax collectors are bringing the construction, Rajara Rajara, the tax collectors are bringing the construction, what to do, what to do, what to do, what language do you speak, what language do you speak, what language do you speak, sir? The tax collectors are sir? The tax collectors are sir? The tax collectors are bringing the construction, where is the ship going? ship going? ship going? Why not?  I'm worried. Did you see the paper? Why not?  I'm worried. Did you see the paper? Why not?  I'm worried. Did you see the paper? Yes, sir. Did you see it? In the paper Yes, sir. Did you see it? In the paper Yes, sir. Did you see it? In the paper bandh, seven people in one family died by bandh, seven people in one family died by bandh, seven people in one family died by cutting each other. cutting each other. cutting each other. But it's not a big deal. Kuppamma But it's not a big deal. Kuppamma But it's not a big deal. Kuppamma adjusted in Kanchipuram and gave birth to adjusted in Kanchipuram and gave birth to adjusted in Kanchipuram and gave birth to seven children in one delivery. seven children in one delivery. seven children in one delivery. What do you know from this? Why are you saying that God and the population What do you know from this? Why are you saying that God and the population What do you know from this? Why are you saying that God and the population cannot be separated? Is it a cannot be separated? Is it a cannot be separated? Is it a paper bag? Is it an English paper? Is it a paper bag? Is it an English paper? Is it a paper bag? Is it an English paper? Is it a Hindu Express paper? Hindu Express paper? Hindu Express paper? Peter, Peter, Peter, what is Hindu Din's talk? what is Hindu Din's talk? what is Hindu Din's talk? Have you been in the exam or have you been in the ticket Have you been in the exam or have you been in the ticket Have you been in the exam or have you been in the ticket ?  Is it ?  Is it ?  Is it okay? We have ticked the fifth kostin. okay? We have ticked the fifth kostin. okay? We have ticked the fifth kostin. You have to tick the You have to tick the You have to tick the five. five. five. Okay, the next one is six, mind is six. That's the Lord's Okay, the next one is six, mind is six. That's the Lord's Okay, the next one is six, mind is six. That's the Lord's command. That's how it ends. command. That's how it ends. command. That's how it ends. [Laughter] You have finished [Laughter] You have finished [Laughter] You have finished the paper, thank you. the paper, thank you. the paper, thank you. Okay, come on, I'll give it to you.   Is Okay, come on, I'll give it to you.   Is Okay, come on, I'll give it to you.   Is n't it a difficult paper? That's what n't it a difficult paper? That's what n't it a difficult paper? That's what I asked. I asked. I asked. Wherever the learners go, special Wherever the learners go, special Wherever the learners go, special Sri Rajaraman 95.5 Nice [Laughter] Nice [Laughter] Nice [Laughter] All these rumblings, doctor, All these rumblings, doctor, All these rumblings, doctor, hospital atmosphere, I'll think about it, what are the hospital atmosphere, I'll think about it, what are the hospital atmosphere, I'll think about it, what are the words like words like words like ? ? ? Do a postmortem on that outlaw.  You created the devil, uncle. Do a postmortem on that outlaw.  You created the devil, uncle. Do a postmortem on that outlaw.  You created the devil, uncle. How happy I am to hear you say that you are a god [laughter]. How happy I am to hear you say that you are a god [laughter]. How happy I am to hear you say that you are a god [laughter]. Yes, I know this suitcase, what is this Yes, I know this suitcase, what is this Yes, I know this suitcase, what is this locked case?  Sir, maybe this locked locked case?  Sir, maybe this locked locked case?  Sir, maybe this locked suitcase is there. suitcase is there. suitcase is there. Just sit there. I told you to set that cost Just sit there. I told you to set that cost Just sit there. I told you to set that cost paper with difficulty. I did it. paper with difficulty. I did it. paper with difficulty. I did it. Sir, Sir, Sir, how? 95.5%? how? 95.5%? how? 95.5%? I made a coin block. Did you make a shot and I made a coin block. Did you make a shot and I made a coin block. Did you make a shot and pocket that coin? pocket that coin? pocket that coin? Sir, only the carrom board Sir, only the carrom board Sir, only the carrom board is there, please. Sir, is there, please. Sir, is there, please. Sir, sir, how? He is on top sir, how? He is on top sir, how? He is on top .  That's how I know sir, .  That's how I know sir, .  That's how I know sir, sorry how do you know sorry how do you know sorry how do you know [laughter] May I come in sir, sir, did in sir, sir, did in sir, sir, did you tell Mr. Rajarama to come? you tell Mr. Rajarama to come? you tell Mr. Rajarama to come? We'll wait for you from now on. Mr. Rajaram Dean, I am [ __ ] myself.  Oh sir, will you bring varicose Dean, I am [ __ ] myself.  Oh sir, will you bring varicose Dean, I am [ __ ] myself.  Oh sir, will you bring varicose veins? Sir, your people just shouted at you veins? Sir, your people just shouted at you veins? Sir, your people just shouted at you .  Don't stay too long .  Don't stay too long .  Don't stay too long .  Sit down.  I'm being yelled at .  Sit down.  I'm being yelled at .  Sit down.  I'm being yelled at . . . I sat there disrespectfully.  What habit is this?   It's I sat there disrespectfully.  What habit is this?   It's I sat there disrespectfully.  What habit is this?   It's a habit you've been taught. a habit you've been taught. a habit you've been taught. You stand in class and make us sit down and You stand in class and make us sit down and You stand in class and make us sit down and teach us your lesson. teach us your lesson. teach us your lesson. I'm talking about the same habit of following logic.  But if you I'm talking about the same habit of following logic.  But if you I'm talking about the same habit of following logic.  But if you look at the marks you've bought, there's no logic to it. look at the marks you've bought, there's no logic to it. look at the marks you've bought, there's no logic to it. I know very well that you did something wrong I know very well that you did something wrong I know very well that you did something wrong .  I will never let .  I will never let .  I will never let it go undiscovered, no matter what.  Why are you it go undiscovered, no matter what.  Why are you it go undiscovered, no matter what.  Why are you posting a song? I'm posting a song? I'm posting a song? I'm telling you openly. I made a pass after doing a promotion. What else will you have to telling you openly. I made a pass after doing a promotion. What else will you have to telling you openly. I made a pass after doing a promotion. What else will you have to do? The do? The do? The situation in the country is like this. What's wrong with being called a loser? What's wrong with being called a loser? What's wrong with being called a loser? Hey, Hey, Hey, I'm the one who called everyone a loser now.   It's just that now, I'm the one who called everyone a loser now.   It's just that now, I'm the one who called everyone a loser now.   It's just that now, shut up, Mamu. No shut up, Mamu. No shut up, Mamu. No one has ever spoken to me like this before one has ever spoken to me like this before one has ever spoken to me like this before .  Everything needs a beginning, .  Everything needs a beginning, .  Everything needs a beginning, Mama.  [Screaming] Mamu, what is that Mama.  [Screaming] Mamu, what is that Mama.  [Screaming] Mamu, what is that Mamu, I'm telling you, meaning Mamu.  Now I am Mamu, I'm telling you, meaning Mamu.  Now I am Mamu, I'm telling you, meaning Mamu.  Now I am Raja Raja Calling Raju.  So, my mother-in-law was calling, "Mamu, Raja Raja Calling Raju.  So, my mother-in-law was calling, "Mamu, Raja Raja Calling Raju.  So, my mother-in-law was calling, "Mamu, that's it, that's it, that's it, no cool down, cool down, cool down, what's the matter?" It no cool down, cool down, cool down, what's the matter?" It no cool down, cool down, cool down, what's the matter?" It was like calling from home. was like calling from home. was like calling from home. You don't know what's going on.  I thought I would You don't know what's going on.  I thought I would send you out of college.  Do you send you out of college.  Do you send you out of college.  Do you remember when your mother sent you away from home? It was an remember when your mother sent you away from home? It was an remember when your mother sent you away from home? It was an unforgettable day. I saw my father crying. unforgettable day. I saw my father crying. unforgettable day. I saw my father crying. I have never seen him cry. I have never seen him cry. I have never seen him cry. Even when my grandfather died, he stood still Even when my grandfather died, he stood still Even when my grandfather died, he stood still like a stone. When you like a stone. When you like a stone. When you said one word, "Sirukku," my eyes filled with tears. said one word, "Sirukku," my eyes filled with tears. said one word, "Sirukku," my eyes filled with tears. I have I have I have decided many things for my mother. Becoming a doctor is the next step for decided many things for my mother. Becoming a doctor is the next step for decided many things for my mother. Becoming a doctor is the next step for you. You can't take everything, big rice, put in and take.  Next to that, your can't take everything, big rice, put in and take.  Next to that, your can't take everything, big rice, put in and take.  Next to that, your daughter asked for a bribe, right? daughter asked for a bribe, right? daughter asked for a bribe, right? Next to that, she taught you a lesson. I Next to that, she taught you a lesson. I sang Krishna in a place where big men were. Uncle sang Krishna in a place where big men were. Uncle sang Krishna in a place where big men were. Uncle shows me a stretcher. [Laughter] shows me a stretcher. [Laughter] shows me a stretcher. [Laughter] I know what you're going to say. If I know what you're going to say. If I know what you're going to say. If you tell me to get out and I go, it's you tell me to get out and I go, it's you tell me to get out and I go, it's not respectful.  I have work to do. not respectful.  I have work to do. not respectful.  I have work to do. I'm going.  You are a fool.  I have I'm going.  You are a fool.  I have I'm going.  You are a fool.  I have urgent work.  What do you mean urgent work.  What do you mean urgent work.  What do you mean [laughter]?  I [laughter]?  I [laughter]?  I tell you myself.   The tell you myself.   The tell you myself.   The poster poster poster was put up by the builders. The was put up by the builders. The was put up by the builders. The team was not allowed to team was not allowed to team was not allowed to buy food from Palani and watched it from the bus. They didn't buy food from Palani and watched it from the bus. They didn't buy food from Palani and watched it from the bus. They didn't pay attention.  It's all because pay attention.  It's all because pay attention.  It's all because of you that I came here to finish it all and it of you that I came here to finish it all and it of you that I came here to finish it all and it went in vain.  I did what I wanted. went in vain.  I did what I wanted. went in vain.  I did what I wanted. Okay, what are you doing now?   Can you please turn it over?   I'm not hungry, hungry, hungry, right? Count this 35 and this 37. It's this 37. It's this 37. It's not enough. not enough. not enough. Then take 100, take 100. Why are you still Then take 100, take 100. Why are you still Then take 100, take 100. Why are you still waiting? What's the matter? waiting? What's the matter? waiting? What's the matter? We paid 100 rupees. There's no We paid 100 rupees. There's no We paid 100 rupees. There's no discount. Don't you want to take 100 rupees? Let's go. It's discount. Don't you want to take 100 rupees? Let's go. It's like you're bringing it here. like you're bringing it here. like you're bringing it here. This is a line This is a line This is a line bet. A person bet. A person bet. A person said he wanted to eat 50 rupees and made a bet and said he wanted to eat 50 rupees and made a bet and said he wanted to eat 50 rupees and made a bet and lost. Can lost. Can lost. Can we come to the race? we come to the race? we come to the race? Anyone can come except him. Anyone can come except him. Anyone can come except him. What kind of bet is that What kind of bet is that What kind of bet is that a person should eat 50 protons?  If a person should eat 50 protons?  If a person should eat 50 protons?  If any of you eat it, I will any of you eat it, I will any of you eat it, I will give you 100 rupees.   You give you 100 rupees.   You give you 100 rupees.   You don't have to pay for Prota.  You're still don't have to pay for Prota.  You're still don't have to pay for Prota.  You're still stuck, you have to give me ₹100 stuck, you have to give me ₹100 stuck, you have to give me ₹100 .  Why should you keep on giving birth to a child for a mother who has eaten a lot .  Why should you keep on giving birth to a child for a mother who has eaten a lot ? ? ? 50 Protava, 50 Protava, 50 Protava, yes, yes, yes, Naradi, is suffering from famine. Naradi, is suffering from famine. Naradi, is suffering from famine. [Music] He miscalculated by looking at his figure [Music] He miscalculated by looking at his figure [Music] He miscalculated by looking at his figure .  Good supplier, four districts, two Poddanni, four districts, two Poddanni, four districts, two Poddanni, against them, Dindigul district, against them, Dindigul district, against them, Dindigul district, where is Prota, will they keep it until you come? where is Prota, will they keep it until you come? Go and take Prota, go Go and take Prota, go Hey, you ate 42, you Hey, you ate 42, you Hey, you ate 42, you ate 50, you do ate 50, you do ate 50, you do n't count the forts, you n't count the forts, you n't count the forts, you ate 42, brother, I don't know, I don't know, I ate 50, I can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, I won't agree, I ate 42, brother, I don't know, I don't know, I ate 50, I can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, I won't agree, I ate, destroy all the forts, ate, destroy all the forts, ate, destroy all the forts, I was the first to eat, you go and take it, you little one, I was the first to eat, you go and take it, you little one, you go and build a fort, you go and build a fort, you go and build a fort, what will we put in it? what will we put in it? what will we put in it? Think well, the others will Think well, the others will Think well, the others will come to all the halls.  How will he come to all the halls.  How will he come to all the halls.  How will he get on stage? Now how will I get on stage? If you know the house, tell me to put the names of four people in each know the house, tell me to put the names of four people in each know the house, tell me to put the names of four people in each group. KP Mathiya, don't group. KP Mathiya, don't group. KP Mathiya, don't jump on that building you mentioned. [Music] [ Music] Music] Music] Saras, Saras, Saras, that's okay with me. [Music] Okay, girl, turn around and look. [ Okay, girl, turn around and look. [ Music] Dad, who is that girl? She's like a ghost. Dad, who is that girl? She's like a ghost. What are you saying?  [Music] What are you saying?  [Music] What are you saying?  [Music] No, really, No, really, No, really, he said it was like a ghost. he said it was like a ghost. he said it was like a ghost. That's all nothing.  Some That's all nothing.  Some That's all nothing.  Some girl in the front has come wearing makeup like a ghost girl in the front has come wearing makeup like a ghost girl in the front has come wearing makeup like a ghost .  I'll tell you that.  Hey, .  I'll tell you that.  Hey, .  I'll tell you that.  Hey, this girl is a first-timer. this girl is a first-timer. this girl is a first-timer. Who?  Me? Who?  Me? Who?  Me? That's the father standing next to the house [music] That's the father standing next to the house [music] That's the father standing next to the house [music] . . . Papa? Papa? Papa? [Music] Is [Music] Is [Music] Is this girl okay with you? Oh, you know this girl before Oh, you know this girl before Oh, you know this girl before ? ? ? Love is Love is Love is like a nail driven into a person's heart that he like a nail driven into a person's heart that he like a nail driven into a person's heart that he will not forget on his deathbed. Who is that girl? [Music] She's like a ghost. She's Who is that girl? [Music] She's like a ghost. She's Who is that girl? [Music] She's like a ghost. She's packing up and packing up and packing up and saying, "Who is saying, "Who is saying, "Who is that girl?" She's saying, " that girl?" She's saying, " that girl?" She's saying, " No, she's doing whatever she wants."  Things have No, she's doing whatever she wants."  Things have No, she's doing whatever she wants."  Things have n't been going well since this guy arrived.  He hasn't n't been going well since this guy arrived.  He hasn't n't been going well since this guy arrived.  He hasn't spoken to me properly since yesterday.  [Music] Come here and don't spoken to me properly since yesterday.  [Music] Come here and don't spoken to me properly since yesterday.  [Music] Come here and don't say another word. say another word. say another word. That's all nothing. That's all nothing. That's all nothing. No, dear.  I don't speak either.  [Music] Let Sarukka No, dear.  I don't speak either.  [Music] Let Sarukka No, dear.  I don't speak either.  [Music] Let Sarukka speak whenever he feels like it.  Why is Priya speak whenever he feels like it.  Why is Priya speak whenever he feels like it.  Why is Priya wearing makeup or wearing makeup or wearing makeup or not? She looks perfect.  I'm not? She looks perfect.  I'm not? She looks perfect.  I'm okay with it okay with it okay with it They're letting our daughter go to hell like this right now.  How can we conceive a child while thinking of them They're letting our daughter go to hell like this right now.  How can we conceive a child while thinking of them They're letting our daughter go to hell like this right now.  How can we conceive a child while thinking of them ? Dad, please don't make me cry, leave me alone Dad, please don't make me cry, leave me alone Dad, please don't make me cry, leave me alone .   What's going on? Nothing's going on. .   What's going on? Nothing's going on. .   What's going on? Nothing's going on. My daughter is so upset that nothing's happening. My daughter is so upset that nothing's happening. My daughter is so upset that nothing's happening. Who are you?  Who am I? Who am I?  He's asking who I am right now Who am I?  He's asking who I am right now Who am I?  He's asking who I am right now .  If we get married, that's it, we'll just .  If we get married, that's it, we'll just cut off our relationship completely.  No, no, no, that's cut off our relationship completely.  No, no, no, that's cut off our relationship completely.  No, no, no, that's enough. This doesn't seem right to me [Music] This is just a game, isn't it? This is just a game, isn't it? This is just a game, isn't it? [Music] How can you tell the truth? Actually, in [Music] How can you tell the truth? Actually, in [Music] How can you tell the truth? Actually, in this dress, you just look like an angel this dress, you just look like an angel this dress, you just look like an angel [Music] You talk too much.