Take it, let's go, come on, Take it, let's go, come on, three to four, three to four, three to four, Reena was very excited brother, we will do Reena was very excited brother, we will do Reena was very excited brother, we will do this decoration, if there was really time, then this decoration, if there was really time, then this decoration, if there was really time, then Ruina would keep doing something or the other Ruina would keep doing something or the other Ruina would keep doing something or the other So hello guys, I am Zahid, So hello guys, I am Zahid, So hello guys, I am Zahid, I am Runa I am Runa I am Runa and you are watching Aaltu Aaltu.  So guys, and you are watching Aaltu Aaltu.  So guys, and you are watching Aaltu Aaltu.  So guys, welcome all of you to a new exciting welcome all of you to a new exciting welcome all of you to a new exciting blog.  So guys this is going to be very blog.  So guys this is going to be very blog.  So guys this is going to be very exciting because there is some exciting because there is some exciting because there is some good news guys.  As soon as we woke up, some good news guys.  As soon as we woke up, some good news guys.  As soon as we woke up, some good news came. Guys, should I good news came. Guys, should I good news came. Guys, should I tell you what that good news is? If I don't know, I won't tell you right now. tell you what that good news is? If I don't know, I won't tell you right now. Okay, let's see right now. Okay, let's see right now. Okay, let's see right now. You will find out. You will find out. You will find out. Yes, you will find out. Well, we are going out to Yes, you will find out. Well, we are going out to Yes, you will find out. Well, we are going out to prepare for it. Yes, prepare for it. Yes, prepare for it. Yes, first we will go and get the car. Then we will take first we will go and get the car. Then we will take first we will go and get the car. Then we will take some decorations. some decorations. some decorations. After that, we will go to the After that, we will go to the After that, we will go to the hospital. Why will we go to the hospital? hospital. Why will we go to the hospital? hospital. Why will we go to the hospital? You will know about it. Guys, You will know about it. Guys, You will know about it. Guys, I am very excited. Let's I am very excited. Let's I am very excited. Let's see right now. Let's introduce you guys and I will see right now. Let's introduce you guys and I will see right now. Let's introduce you guys and I will also take you. I have been waiting for a long time. I will go also take you. I have been waiting for a long time. I will go also take you. I have been waiting for a long time. I will go quickly and get everything. quickly and get everything. quickly and get everything. What will I hide? What will I hide? What will I hide? Yes, I don't know what it is. So guys, Yes, I don't know what it is. So guys, Yes, I don't know what it is. So guys, this is a surprise. This is this is a surprise. This is this is a surprise. This is Runa's pregnant day. So guys, it's nothing like that. Veena's sister, So guys, it's nothing like that. Veena's sister, So guys, it's nothing like that. Veena's sister, Asiya, has given birth to a baby. So, we have to Asiya, has given birth to a baby. So, we have to Asiya, has given birth to a baby. So, we have to surprise her right now. So, let's go quickly surprise her right now. So, let's go quickly surprise her right now. So, let's go quickly and give her the surprise and and give her the surprise and and give her the surprise and also take her to the hospital. So, let's go quickly, quickly, quickly. also take her to the hospital. So, let's go quickly, quickly, quickly. Guys, we had just come to Revel because the Guys, we had just come to Revel because the Guys, we had just come to Revel because the car was parked here, we will take the car to the car was parked here, we will take the car to the car was parked here, we will take the car to the hospital, so Bilal also came here, hospital, so Bilal also came here, hospital, so Bilal also came here, we have given the good news to Bilal also, we have given the good news to Bilal also, we have given the good news to Bilal also, yes this is it, let's congratulate, congratulations, congratulations bro, congratulations, congratulations, congratulations, congratulations, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go from yes this is it, let's congratulate, congratulations, congratulations bro, congratulations, congratulations, congratulations, congratulations, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go from three to four, Inshallah, three to four, Inshallah, three to four, Inshallah, Inshallah, it will keep increasing like this, Inshallah, it will keep increasing like this, Inshallah, it will keep increasing like this, generation after generation, so let's go quickly, generation after generation, so let's go quickly, generation after generation, so let's go quickly, everything is done, first the decoration will take an everything is done, first the decoration will take an everything is done, first the decoration will take an hour, if you say, we will buy the hour, if you say, we will buy the hour, if you say, we will buy the decoration stuff decoration stuff decoration stuff in that time and it will take us only half an hour to reach, in that time and it will take us only half an hour to reach, okay, okay, okay, guys, okay, okay, okay, guys, okay, okay, okay, guys, we have come to buy the decoration we have come to buy the decoration we have come to buy the decoration stuff and brother, how are you after a long time, stuff and brother, how are you after a long time, stuff and brother, how are you after a long time, brother, brother, quickly brother, brother, quickly brother, brother, quickly give me a welcome home and welcome home baby. give me a welcome home and welcome home baby. give me a welcome home and welcome home baby. Ok?  And please give me these six-seven pink and blue Ok?  And please give me these six-seven pink and blue Ok?  And please give me these six-seven pink and blue balloons and blow them right here.  Just balloons and blow them right here.  Just give me some time to stick it in the car like this, yes, welcome baby.   It give me some time to stick it in the car like this, yes, welcome baby.   It give me some time to stick it in the car like this, yes, welcome baby.   It is pink in colour. is pink in colour. is pink in colour. Give me both of them.  Isn't it a mixture of pink and blue Give me both of them.  Isn't it a mixture of pink and blue Give me both of them.  Isn't it a mixture of pink and blue ? ? ? So which one to take? Baby Guys Baby we don't even know what Baby Guys Baby we don't even know what Baby Guys Baby we don't even know what happened.  Boy or girl? Yes, happened.  Boy or girl? Yes, happened.  Boy or girl? Yes, we don't know whether Runa is a boy or a girl.  Right now I am we don't know whether Runa is a boy or a girl.  Right now I am we don't know whether Runa is a boy or a girl.  Right now I am not able to understand whether not able to understand whether not able to understand whether we should take blue or pink. we should take blue or pink. we should take blue or pink. Yes Ruina, I am thinking of buying the blue one.  I don't know yet. Yes Ruina, I am thinking of buying the blue one.  I don't know yet. I am not at home. I am not at home. I am not at home. So give me this.  Give me the blue one.  Where did you go? So give me this.  Give me the blue one.  Where did you go? So give me this.  Give me the blue one.  Where did you go? This one. This one. This one. This is completely written in it.  Welcome baby. This is completely written in it.  Welcome baby. This is completely written in it.  Welcome baby. Give me double tape.  Ok.  Ok.  Double tap Give me double tape.  Ok.  Ok.  Double tap Give me double tape.  Ok.  Ok.  Double tap is at home. is at home. is at home. Hey, where will you go back now?  Asiya's departure, Hey, where will you go back now?  Asiya's departure, Hey, where will you go back now?  Asiya's departure, no.   Right now I do no.   Right now I do no.   Right now I do n't know whether it is a boy or a n't know whether it is a boy or a n't know whether it is a boy or a girl.  So I am thinking that he did not girl.  So I am thinking that he did not girl.  So I am thinking that he did not tell me.  That day you tell me.  That day you tell me.  That day you will tell me from here.   That's why will tell me from here.   That's why will tell me from here.   That's why I am saying let's buy the blue colour one. I am saying let's buy the blue colour one. I am saying let's buy the blue colour one. Yes.  And they don't even know that we are going to take it. Yes.  And they don't even know that we are going to take it. Yes.  And they don't even know that we are going to take it. This is a surprise for them.   Yes. This is a surprise for them.   Yes. This is a surprise for them.   Yes. And And And give me a balloon.  Blue and pink in colour. give me a balloon.  Blue and pink in colour. give me a balloon.  Blue and pink in colour. You also have two puffs.   Had you You also have two puffs.   Had you You also have two puffs.   Had you known, you would have bought it in colour. known, you would have bought it in colour. known, you would have bought it in colour. That was the good thing he would have been doing. That was the good thing he would have been doing. That was the good thing he would have been doing. Yes, Yes, Yes, brother, take that one, give me that too. Give me brother, take that one, give me that too. Give me brother, take that one, give me that too. Give me a boy and a girl in blue and a boy and a girl in blue and a boy and a girl in blue and pink. Come on, guys, let's see. We have pink. Come on, guys, let's see. We have pink. Come on, guys, let's see. We have taken all this now. So, taken all this now. So, taken all this now. So, guys, we came down to the hospital and we did guys, we came down to the hospital and we did guys, we came down to the hospital and we did some decorations like this, some decorations like this, some decorations like this, and we hurriedly did because they were done. and we hurriedly did because they were done. and we hurriedly did because they were done. And look, a balloon flew over here. It started And look, a balloon flew over here. It started And look, a balloon flew over here. It started raining. Guys, half of it flew away for this. raining. Guys, half of it flew away for this. raining. Guys, half of it flew away for this. Brother, let's go quickly. It's Brother, let's go quickly. It's Brother, let's go quickly. It's raining very heavily. raining very heavily. raining very heavily. Oh, so what? I'm not getting wet standing here. We're not getting wet Oh, so what? I'm not getting wet standing here. We're not getting wet Oh, so what? I'm not getting wet standing here. We're not getting wet that much. We're right in front of us. We're that much. We're right in front of us. We're not running. I'm wearing heels. We'll be visible. not running. I'm wearing heels. We'll be visible. not running. I'm wearing heels. We'll be visible. Okay, let's go now. From Okay, let's go now. From Okay, let's go now. From here, I mean, everything is done. here, I mean, everything is done. here, I mean, everything is done. Packing and packing is done. Brother, after completing the packing and packing, Packing and packing is done. Brother, after completing the packing and packing, Packing and packing is done. Brother, after completing the packing and packing, look, guys, the packing and packing is done look, guys, the packing and packing is done look, guys, the packing and packing is done and we're leaving now. and we're leaving now. and we're leaving now. I'm excited. It's raining a lot. I'm excited. It's raining a lot. I'm excited. It's raining a lot. I'm scared that the decorations will get washed away. I hope that whatever is there is there. I'm scared that the decorations will get washed away. I hope that whatever is there is there. Didi will like all this. I just Didi will like all this. I just Didi will like all this. I just came to see the car. And look, came to see the car. And look, came to see the car. And look, how our decorations are lying down, they must be lying all over the road. how our decorations are lying down, they must be lying all over the road. how our decorations are lying down, they must be lying all over the road. Look, the car is completely empty Look, the car is completely empty Look, the car is completely empty now.  We have come to Aashiyapa's room, now.  We have come to Aashiyapa's room, now.  We have come to Aashiyapa's room, we will do the decoration in the room and here we will do the decoration in the room and here we will do the decoration in the room and here Ariya has already made so many balloons, she has done the Ariya has already made so many balloons, she has done the Ariya has already made so many balloons, she has done the vlog, excited, vlog, excited, vlog, excited, yes brother sister, here this is yes brother sister, here this is yes brother sister, here this is my little one, guys, she is so my little one, guys, she is so my little one, guys, she is so cute and intelligent, also, come on, come on, cute and intelligent, also, come on, come on, cute and intelligent, also, come on, come on, hurry up, hurry up, hurry up, yes that salary has been deducted, don't take it, go and do this yes that salary has been deducted, don't take it, go and do this yes that salary has been deducted, don't take it, go and do this also here, where, do it here, here, here, okay, okay, come on, do it also here, where, do it here, here, here, okay, okay, come on, do it quickly, quickly, quickly, open this, I will blow it, open this, I will blow it, open this, I will blow it, Reena, Reena, Reena, what is this what is this what is this machine, no, no, machine, no, no, machine, no, no, all this cannot be done with the machine, I will have to do it with all this cannot be done with the machine, I will have to do it with all this cannot be done with the machine, I will have to do it with that, that, that, answer me, the lipstick, come on, answer me, the lipstick, come on, answer me, the lipstick, come on, Reena, now quickly take it out, Reena, now quickly take it out, Reena, now quickly take it out, go to the first one, welcome, you are go to the first one, welcome, you are go to the first one, welcome, you are not able to blow it, that is why I am blowing these not able to blow it, that is why I am blowing these not able to blow it, that is why I am blowing these two babies, I have blown them two babies, I have blown them two babies, I have blown them and Zahid is blowing this one right now, and Zahid is blowing this one right now, and Zahid is blowing this one right now, welcome guys, now my excited, let's see welcome guys, now my excited, let's see welcome guys, now my excited, let's see how Didi feels, this little how Didi feels, this little how Didi feels, this little cute baby, in the joy of the baby's arrival, cute baby, in the joy of the baby's arrival, cute baby, in the joy of the baby's arrival, look, she has inflated all the balloons completely, oh man, look, she has inflated all the balloons completely, oh man, why do people do this  Now somehow why do people do this  Now somehow why do people do this  Now somehow adjust a little, yes, adjust a little, yes, adjust a little, yes, something will have to be done now. something will have to be done now. Yes, that will have to be done.  You can do the same thing. Yes, that will have to be done.  You can do the same thing. Yes, that will have to be done.  You can do the same thing. Because there is no option.  I'm thinking of Because there is no option.  I'm thinking of Because there is no option.  I'm thinking of putting some balloons like this and the ribbons that I putting some balloons like this and the ribbons that I putting some balloons like this and the ribbons that I brought underneath them.  What do you say?   Isn't it brought underneath them.  What do you say?   Isn't it brought underneath them.  What do you say?   Isn't it ?  Come on guys, let's quickly decorate. ?  Come on guys, let's quickly decorate. ?  Come on guys, let's quickly decorate. Look how this room looks now.  Let me Look how this room looks now.  Let me Look how this room looks now.  Let me tell you how this room will look after this.   I am done tell you how this room will look after this.   I am done tell you how this room will look after this.   I am done blowing everything and blowing everything and blowing everything and here Ruhina is removing everything from the bed here Ruhina is removing everything from the bed here Ruhina is removing everything from the bed so that she can decorate it properly. so that she can decorate it properly. so that she can decorate it properly. It has been completed here.  So let's see It has been completed here.  So let's see It has been completed here.  So let's see here, a cute girl, a cute here, a cute girl, a cute here, a cute girl, a cute boy, hey, why are you opening it completely, boy, hey, why are you opening it completely, boy, hey, why are you opening it completely, no, no one is sitting in front, no, no one is sitting in front, no, no one is sitting in front, whoever is there, look, let's whoever is there, look, let's whoever is there, look, let's tie the ribbon in it, let's tie the ribbon in it, let's tie the ribbon in it, let's blow hearts and keep it like this, okay, blow hearts and keep it like this, okay, blow hearts and keep it like this, okay, first let's write welcome, okay, hurry up, first let's write welcome, okay, hurry up, first let's write welcome, okay, hurry up, quickly it's done, everything is done, quickly it's done, everything is done, quickly it's done, everything is done, welcome, what are you looking for, ribbon, the welcome, what are you looking for, ribbon, the welcome, what are you looking for, ribbon, the ribbon doesn't stay in it, ribbon doesn't stay in it, ribbon doesn't stay in it, okay, you took it, right? Yes, and these people do okay, you took it, right? Yes, and these people do okay, you took it, right? Yes, and these people do n't give this also.  This is a direct stick.   The n't give this also.  This is a direct stick.   The n't give this also.  This is a direct stick.   The stick will not look good, just use the stick, stick will not look good, just use the stick, stick will not look good, just use the stick, that stick will look better in my opinion. that stick will look better in my opinion. that stick will look better in my opinion. And this welcome should And this welcome should And this welcome should not fall. not fall. not fall. Ok.  Come on, do whatever you have to do, do it quickly. Okay, I am welcome welcome, we are Okay, I am welcome welcome, we are coming from W, do you know the spelling, coming from W, do you know the spelling, coming from W, do you know the spelling, teach it to the teach it to the teach it to the child, you don't know what Reena is, child, you don't know what Reena is, child, you don't know what Reena is, what is what is what is Goli, I don't know what is this Goli, I don't know what is this Goli, I don't know what is this Reena, what is this, you are Reena, what is this, you are Reena, what is this, you are taking me to be declared illiterate, no guys, do taking me to be declared illiterate, no guys, do n't tell me my wife is catch catch, okay, let's do n't tell me my wife is catch catch, okay, let's do n't tell me my wife is catch catch, okay, let's do this and then meet you guys. this and then meet you guys. this and then meet you guys. So guys, here Reena has almost given a complete welcome So guys, here Reena has almost given a complete welcome So guys, here Reena has almost given a complete welcome and here Reena and here Reena and here Reena is very happy in the joy of cooking food again. is very happy in the joy of cooking food again. is very happy in the joy of cooking food again. Le Le Le Reena was very excited that maybe he will do Reena was very excited that maybe he will do Reena was very excited that maybe he will do this decoration.  If there was really time, then who this decoration.  If there was really time, then who this decoration.  If there was really time, then who knows what Reena would have been doing. knows what Reena would have been doing. knows what Reena would have been doing. With the car as well as at home. With the car as well as at home. With the car as well as at home. Maru don't do.   She is Maru don't do.   She is playing.   Don't, playing.   Don't, playing.   Don't, I thought that Ashiya, Papa had told me I thought that Ashiya, Papa had told me I thought that Ashiya, Papa had told me that I have some time, the that I have some time, the that I have some time, the doctor has told me that I have some time. doctor has told me that I have some time. doctor has told me that I have some time. Now I was relying on him that if there is some time then it Now I was relying on him that if there is some time then it Now I was relying on him that if there is some time then it means time will pass.  Suddenly I got a call from my brother-in-law. means time will pass.  Suddenly I got a call from my brother-in-law. means time will pass.  Suddenly I got a call from my brother-in-law. Yes baby it is done.  The baby is done. Yes baby it is done.  The baby is done. Yes baby it is done.  The baby is done. Mom, yes, how?  I mean how?  Sorry sister, Mom, yes, how?  I mean how?  Sorry sister, Mom, yes, how?  I mean how?  Sorry sister, congratulations.  She said this and then I said yes.   I did congratulations.  She said this and then I said yes.   I did congratulations.  She said this and then I said yes.   I did not get that much time but the not get that much time but the not get that much time but the joy of becoming a parent is something completely different, that joy of becoming a parent is something completely different, that joy of becoming a parent is something completely different, that moment guys how do I explain moment guys how do I explain moment guys how do I explain how much happiness I get, I see other people and there is a lot of how much happiness I get, I see other people and there is a lot of how much happiness I get, I see other people and there is a lot of happiness happiness happiness and it happens a lot and guys and it happens a lot and guys and it happens a lot and guys what to say about mothers, the pain we go through, what to say about mothers, the pain we go through, my didi has understood it completely, I can't tell you my god, my didi has understood it completely, I can't tell you my god, didi's face, didi's face, didi's face, hands and legs are completely swollen, she said [nasal voice] hands and legs are completely swollen, she said [nasal voice] hands and legs are completely swollen, she said [nasal voice] didi, should I give it once or twice, mummy, didi, you say didi, should I give it once or twice, mummy, didi, you say didi, should I give it once or twice, mummy, didi, you say son, it happens like this, your time will also come, son, it happens like this, your time will also come, son, it happens like this, your time will also come, you will know, you will know, you will know, okay, look at this, let's okay, look at this, let's okay, look at this, let's meet you after it is completely set, guys bye, I had gone meet you after it is completely set, guys bye, I had gone meet you after it is completely set, guys bye, I had gone out to buy a cake, I have brought the cake out to buy a cake, I have brought the cake out to buy a cake, I have brought the cake and after coming here I saw and after coming here I saw and after coming here I saw and this Mashallah, what a wonderful decoration Reena has done, and this Mashallah, what a wonderful decoration Reena has done, Mayu, my help, Mayu, my help, Mayu, my help, yes Myra and Reena have done it together.  This is Maria, Maria, yes Myra and Reena have done it together.  This is Maria, Maria, yes Myra and Reena have done it together.  This is Maria, Maria, Maria, I call her Mayu, Mayu. Maria, I call her Mayu, Mayu. Maria, I call her Mayu, Mayu. I also said Maria, so I also said Maria, so I also said Maria, so hit it, okay, okay, I wo hit it, okay, okay, I wo hit it, okay, okay, I wo n't hit it, I'll call her baby. Put n't hit it, I'll call her baby. Put n't hit it, I'll call her baby. Put a balloon here, oh, let it be, let it be right a balloon here, oh, let it be, let it be right a balloon here, oh, let it be, let it be right there, oh, let it be there, it looks good, it looks there, oh, let it be there, it looks good, it looks there, oh, let it be there, it looks good, it looks good there, for sure, yes, for sure, I'll good there, for sure, yes, for sure, I'll put a pink one, I have another pink one, oh, but this one looks put a pink one, I have another pink one, oh, but this one looks good, let it be there, the good, let it be there, the good, let it be there, the heart one is getting heart one is getting heart one is getting spoiled, the red one is coming, so put spoiled, the red one is coming, so put spoiled, the red one is coming, so put this red one in the corner, my this red one in the corner, my this red one in the corner, my hand couldn't reach it, I've come there, just hand couldn't reach it, I've come there, just hand couldn't reach it, I've come there, just shhh [laughs], shhh [laughs], shhh [laughs], go, go, go, go, go, go, it's just it's just it's just finished. Reena has just gone out to get finished. Reena has just gone out to get finished. Reena has just gone out to get Asiyaba, and as I've shown it to you guys, it looks Asiyaba, and as I've shown it to you guys, it looks Asiyaba, and as I've shown it to you guys, it looks absolutely amazing, so let's see absolutely amazing, so let's see absolutely amazing, so let's see how Asiyaba reacts, and how Asiyaba reacts, and how Asiyaba reacts, and then we'll chat a little bit after that. Come on, we've then we'll chat a little bit after that. Come on, we've then we'll chat a little bit after that. Come on, we've brought Ruina and are knocking, brought Ruina and are knocking, brought Ruina and are knocking, and we forgot the cake here, Ruina, quickly, and we forgot the cake here, Ruina, quickly, and we forgot the cake here, Ruina, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, put it here, put it here, put it here, look, we've come, open it, it's ready, it's look, we've come, open it, it's ready, it's look, we've come, open it, it's ready, it's fallen, come inside, come fallen, come inside, come fallen, come inside, come inside, inside, inside, Mashallah, Mashallah, Mashallah, how did you like it? how did you like it? how did you like it? I finished it. I finished it. I finished it. Yes Myra Yes Myra Yes Myra Mashallah Mashallah Mashallah Mashallah Mashallah Mashallah it was completed like this Myra it was completed like this Myra it was completed like this Myra helped me complete it Mashallah Mashallah helped me complete it Mashallah Mashallah helped me complete it Mashallah Mashallah Maria Myra Maria I always get Maria Myra Maria I always get Maria Myra Maria I always get confused, confused, confused, come on, come on, come on, but even if it falls, but even if it falls, but even if it falls, keep it aside, it's fine cake cake cake cake cake, we will keep it aside, it's fine cake cake cake cake cake, we will cut the cake in our hands, cut the cake in our hands, cut the cake in our hands, yes yes, brother-in-law yes yes, brother-in-law yes yes, brother-in-law [laughs] there is [laughs] there is [laughs] there is also a also a also a dad to be a mom, I will also become one, right, yes dad to be a mom, I will also become one, right, yes dad to be a mom, I will also become one, right, yes first sit here, I'm coming father, first sit here, I'm coming father, first sit here, I'm coming father, brother, sit down and do it comfortably, brother, sit down and do it comfortably, brother, sit down and do it comfortably, brother, sit down and do it comfortably, brother, sit down and do it comfortably, brother, sit down and do it comfortably, yes, sit very comfortably, first yes, sit very comfortably, first yes, sit very comfortably, first didi, you go upstairs, that was left, that was didi, you go upstairs, that was left, that was extra, they had given extra 100ml, extra, they had given extra 100ml, that 100ml is also left that 100ml is also left that 100ml is also left there, there, so guys, the there, there, so guys, the there, there, so guys, the cake cutting is going to happen now, cake cutting is going to happen now, cake cutting is going to happen now, sit here, sit sit here, sit sit here, sit there, Arya will also come near daddy, there, Arya will also come near daddy, there, Arya will also come near daddy, sit next to daddy, sit next to daddy, sit next to daddy, what all is there to say in this, good what all is there to say in this, good what all is there to say in this, good congratulations congratulations congratulations cut Aajpa, cut Aajpa, cut Aajpa, what all should I do, it happened, what all should I do, it happened, congratulations congratulations congratulations and celebration, it's a and celebration, it's a and celebration, it's a matter, many many congratulations, you keep matter, many many congratulations, you keep matter, many many congratulations, you keep growing like this, how are your children failing, how are I doing right now, how are I doing right now, how are I doing right now, first there  But no, it is first there  But no, it is better not to feed him, what about this, so Jiji, you eat first, don't you better not to feed him, what about this, so Jiji, you eat first, don't you better not to feed him, what about this, so Jiji, you eat first, don't you eat, you guys, eat, you guys, eat, you guys, you are my aunt, my younger aunt, I will you are my aunt, my younger aunt, I will you are my aunt, my younger aunt, I will feed the entire cake to Jiju, Mummy, I said this much, Mummy, I said this much, I came in the background, I came in the background, I came in the background, yes I yes I yes I fell, fell, fell, how are you feeling, how are you feeling, how are you feeling, very good Mashallah, I have just got the very good Mashallah, I have just got the very good Mashallah, I have just got the baby in my hands, so I am baby in my hands, so I am baby in my hands, so I am feeling even better, feeling even better, feeling even better, I have seen Jiju's happiness [laughs], do you know what Jiju's happiness is, know what Jiju's happiness is, know what Jiju's happiness is, Myra, I am taking the baby, ask, Myra, I am taking the baby, ask, Myra, I am taking the baby, ask, ask Mummy.   The ask Mummy.   The ask Mummy.   The baby will be taken away.  I had kept it empty just for this purpose.  I will just take it away now. baby will be taken away.  I had kept it empty just for this purpose.  I will just take it away now. Yes, we have talked to mom and dad that Yes, we have talked to mom and dad that Yes, we have talked to mom and dad that you guys should take it one day and keep it at home for you guys should take it one day and keep it at home for you guys should take it one day and keep it at home for a day.