Why would I buy a 360 camera when I can Why would I buy a 360 camera when I can Why would I buy a 360 camera when I can just use my phone? Because this is me just use my phone? Because this is me just use my phone? Because this is me filming my walk on my phone. But the filming my walk on my phone. But the filming my walk on my phone. But the brand new Insta360 X6 records literally brand new Insta360 X6 records literally brand new Insta360 X6 records literally everything around me all at once. It's everything around me all at once. It's everything around me all at once. It's kind of less like filming the shot and kind of less like filming the shot and kind of less like filming the shot and more like saving the whole moment. It's more like saving the whole moment. It's more like saving the whole moment. It's basically three cameras in one. A normal basically three cameras in one. A normal basically three cameras in one. A normal 5K action cam, full 360, and shots like 5K action cam, full 360, and shots like 5K action cam, full 360, and shots like this without a drone. The problem was this without a drone. The problem was this without a drone. The problem was doing that used to mean giving up image doing that used to mean giving up image doing that used to mean giving up image quality. But this one has these massive quality. But this one has these massive quality. But this one has these massive new Sony sensors. And even at night, new Sony sensors. And even at night, new Sony sensors. And even at night, look at this that I recorded on my phone look at this that I recorded on my phone look at this that I recorded on my phone and then this Insta360 X6. This little and then this Insta360 X6. This little and then this Insta360 X6. This little thing can record all of that in 8K for thing can record all of that in 8K for thing can record all of that in 8K for up to 140 minutes. Plus, this new power up to 140 minutes. Plus, this new power up to 140 minutes. Plus, this new power stick adds even more battery and I can stick adds even more battery and I can stick adds even more battery and I can control everything from the hand. And control everything from the hand. And control everything from the hand. And you don't even have to dig through all you don't even have to dig through all you don't even have to dig through all the footage anymore. The AI can find the the footage anymore. The AI can find the the footage anymore. The AI can find the framing for you. For a trip, I genuinely framing for you. For a trip, I genuinely framing for you. For a trip, I genuinely think I'd rather have this than film think I'd rather have this than film think I'd rather have this than film everything on my phone. You can get the everything on my phone. You can get the everything on my phone. You can get the new X6 at the link in my bio.