Hello and welcome back to my channel. My
name is Kika and today I want to show
you quickly how to whip up this little
scarf, the stay toasty scarf. I am going
to take you through all the basic
techniques you need for it. So get
prepared to stay toasty.
I have been wearing this first sample
that I made already last autumn actually
really a lot. I wasn't sure if I'm like
a small scarf person really, but I've
noticed that I really enjoy wearing it
and it also just brings something to an
outfit. Now, this one is made of a
really neutral shade. Um, I used Gard uh
yarn cashmere me. So, this is in a
Kashmir yarn. So you can imagine how
soft it is. And again, Kashmir yarn is
pretty expensive. Um but you don't need
a lot. So if you want to kind of splurge
or you want to have like a really soft
one, um you don't need that many skes of
it. For this one, I used um I think it's
an alpaca blend. Um I'll put in an image
of it here. Um by Fonti, and it has such
a funny name, this yarn. I think it's
called Sapper Lip
Lipopet. I'm not sure what that means.
I'm not sure how you pronounce it. Uh
even though I do take French classes in
school. Anyways, this color is really
really fun. And actually what I've
forgot to show you is that this scarf is
fully reversible. So um this is the
right side
and that is the wrong side. So you can
see it's really reversible. So you could
have it either way, which again is
really good as well for a scarf that you
know you'll have the reverse or the
wrong side show. Anyways, I am currently
actually also working on a bit of a um
maxi stay toasty scarf if you will will
um that I'm knitting to double with. So,
this is how the scarf will look. Um it's
really fun to work this because you only
use knits and pearls, but you have this
addictive rhythm um the sequence that
basically it's six rows that just keep
repeating. But since it's only knits and
rows, uh, no knits and pearl stitches,
it's really quite easy but quite fun at
the same time. So, it's quite engaging
to work it. And you have this really
elegant eye cord edging on both of the
sides. And uh, I would say difficulty
uh, levelwise, this is maybe I wouldn't
say this is a beginner pattern, but
definitely an intermediate beginner or
advanced beginner pattern. So, and
especially if you watch this tutorial
and you can come back to it and rewatch
the parts that you're really unsure
about. I am so sure that you'll be able
to master this project. Also, it's a
really fun one because this is quite
quick. So, it's uh really satisfying to
work it and you don't need a lot of
yarn. So, this is a perfect uh scrap
yarn project as well if you have some
leftover yarns. Okay, without further
ado, I think we're just going to go
straight ahead into it. This is going to
be a quick and fun little tutorial. Um,
as always, you can find the pattern.
I'll put that in the description below.
So, I have it both on Rivalry and in my
own web shop on
kovakika.com. All right, let's jump
straight into
it. The gauge for the status scarf is 21
stitches per 10 cm. But since this is an
accessory, um, it's not really crucial
to heat gauge. I mean, you might just
want to have a really stiff fabric, or
you might want to have a really relaxed
and loose fabric. And what yarn you're
choosing is going to affect that. And
also, you can see stitch definition is a
little bit different. Here on the more
fuzzy one, it's a bit of a fuzzier look.
And here, um, it's really more clean,
sophisticated with the Kashmir yarn. Um,
so you could even choose like a silk or
a cotton marino blend or why not a
cotton yarn. Um, if you don't want to
have a warm scarf, but more as an
accessory. And just know that the
fabric, I mean, as long as you're happy
with it, how it looks. Like this one is
very uh this one is a little thinner and
very soft and bendable. This one is
slightly more squishy, I would say. Um,
but they both kind of serve a bit of a
different purpose. And I would say this
one, my gauge was maybe slightly uh
larger. So I think this one is a little
bit uh larger than my original one. But
again, it doesn't really matter cuz it's
an accessory. So uh that is more kind of
yeah won't affect the overall design or
end result that much. I am going to be
using a 3.5 mm. So that's a US4 needle
for this. Again, if you're a very tight
knitter, you might want to instead
choose a 4mm uh needle. or if you knit
very loosely, maybe you want to go down
to a 3mm
needle. First, I'm going to show you how
to shape the tip here. We're going to
start by casting on four stitches with
the longtail caston method. So, you want
to have a bit of a tail here. And then
first, we're just going to do a slip
knot like that. And then I'm going to go
ahead and insert my needle into my just
created slip knot. And then I have my
the working yarn here. here. So, the
yarn that is going to the the balls
here. And then this is my end here. I'm
going to be casting on three additional
stitches. So, I have just grabbed both
of my yarns. And then I use my index
finger and thumb to go through here. And
then I kind of twist them open like
this. And then I just use my needle and
I go in here with my thumb. Kind of
manipulate the yarn a little bit. So, I
create sort of a loop here. So, I can go
through that loop and I can grab this
yarn. So, I go over that yarn and take
it through this loop that I've just
created. And then I just let it go and I
tighten. Then I repeat that once more.
So again, I kind of create this loop
where I have a tension here with my
thumb and I go in with my
needle over that second yarn and then I
let go and I tighten. And we need one
more. So I do that one more last time.
Again, go in here to the loop, over that
yarn, take it through, let go, and I
tighten. And there we have it. We have
our four stitches. Now, what's a little
bit strange or different with this
beginning is that um usually you would
turn the work, but we're not going to do
that. So you have your working yarn here
on the left side, and now we're not
going to turn the work. We're instead,
so I'm using a circular needle. You
could also use um a double pointed
needle, but um if you're using a
circular needle, we're going to slide
these stitches all the
way from basically the left end of this
stitch all the way to the other end of
the needle. So your the working yarn
should be here on the left side. So this
is the
end. And now, so we have the right side
facing you all the time, which means
that now we can go ahead and grab that
working yarn and we can knit all of
these stitches. So I am on the right
side. We've been on the right side the
entire time. So we're going to now knit
these four stitches. And I make sure to
tighten that first stitch quite a bit.
And then I will just knit all of these
stitches. All right, there I've knitted
four of my stitches. And then we're
going to repeat it for row two. So
again, I have the yarn is here on the
left side and I just
slide all of my stitches. The right side
is facing me all the time and I repeat
that. I knit again all of the stitches.
So this is row two. And again, I tighten
that first one quite a
bit. All right, that's our first two
rows done. For row three, we're going to
repeat that once more, but now it's
going to be look a little different. But
first, we're just going to slide all of
them again. So, this is now row three.
And now, I'm going to be knitting the
first two ones. And then I'm going to be
slipping these two second ones. So,
we're going to start to work our I cord
edge essentially. So, I knit again the
first and I did it quite tight. So, I
just pull that yarn a little bit extra
and I knit the second one. So, I knitted
two. And now with my yarn back, I'm
going to slip these two. So I slip one
with my yarn back and I slip a second
one with the yarn held back. So these
haven't been actually knitted. Now we
start to turn the work. So now it's row
four and we turn the
work. And for row four, so this is now
on the wrong side. And every wrong side
is always going to start like this.
You're always going to be pearling these
first two stitches. So this is the I
cord edge, the wrong side. So, I pearl
one and I pearl two. And next, I'm going
to be slipping these next two stitches
because these are the I cord edge on the
other edge. And with these ones I want
to slip, but I need to bring my working
yarn here
front. So, I have my working yarn here
front. And then I'm just going to be
slipping. Slip one with the yarn in
front and slip two with the yarn in
front. And that is row four complete.
Then we turn the work again. Now we are
on row five. So we're just going to be
repeating what we just did. So I start
by knitting
two and then I'm going to be slipping
two with the yarn in back. So we're
going to turn the work and then work row
six.
So, row six again. Now, we start by
pearling
two. And then we're going to slip work
the or move the yarn working yarn in
front. And then I'm going to slip these.
And you always slip all the stitches
pearl-wise. All right. So, those are our
setup rows now complete. Next, we're
going to start shaping the scarf
according to chart A. So, let me just
show you a little bit how to work the
chart. So on all our right side rows,
we're going to be knitting the first two
stitches and slipping the last two
stitches. And all all the wrong side
rows, we're going to be pearling the
first two stitches and slipping our last
few stitches. But again, the chart
explains this and in no time you'll get
the hang of it. So we begin. First, I'm
just going to knit the two first
stitches. And next, I'm going to be
making one left. So, I need to insert my
left needle here in the strand between I
pick that up with my needle. And then
I'm just going to be knitting this
through the back. And in the beginning
here, it might feel quite tight. So, you
might also uh want to make sure that
these first two stitches that you don't
knit them too tight because it will just
make it a little bit harder. Um, and
then I'm just going to be slipping this
with the yarn in back. All right. So, we
have created our first increase. Then
we're just going to turn the work and we
are going to
be pearling our first two
stitches. And then I'm going to be
knitting that stitch with that we just
increased and then slipping with my yarn
in front the last two
stitches. And then for this one, we
don't have an increase for the next row.
So, I'm just going to be working the I
cord edge, knitting
those,
pearling, and
slipping. And again, repeating that on
the wrong side, pearling the first two
stitches and knitting and
slipping. Okay, so we have completed our
first little sequence. On the next row,
we again have a increase. And all the
increases are always just make one left.
So again, just going to look at that
strand between stitches. Knit it through
the back is a little finicky, but it's
okay. Like that. And then for this time,
we're just going to knit. And you will
see that the sequence that we have,
you're always going to work the make one
left on the first knit row. I've now
completed chart A. So when you've
completed it, you should have eight
stitches. And that's also a really good
way to keep track as you're working this
scarf how many stitches you have because
the pattern will say how many stitches
you need at the widest part. Um so
that's just a handy way to check that
just where you are essentially in the
pattern. Um one also tip is that you can
for example place a stitch marker on
here at the beginning of the right side
if you get confused which is the right
and which is the wrong side. But after
you've completed chart A and now you can
sort of see a little bit this textured
pattern already starting to form, you're
going to moving on to chart B. Now in
chart B, you essentially have this
increase section that you're going to be
repeating. And it repeats for 12
stitches. So you always have that make
one L uh after the two first stitches on
the right side. And you're going to be
repeating it X more times. And you have
a little pattern repeat. Um, so those
two patterns or those two stitches,
you're just going to be repeating always
until your last two stitches for all the
right side rows. And then when you have
repeated that x amount of times and you
have the widest part, you're going to be
starting to work instead along chart C,
which then has a decrease sequence. And
I'm just going to show you that decrease
sequence on my other scarf project that
I'm working. So you have that technique
of just doing an
SSK. I have now worked my entire
increase edge. So I've worked up until
this stitch marker here. So this is the
widest point of the scarf and then I've
started to work the decreasing edge. So
the decreasing edge is also done along
the right edge just after the eye cord.
And I'm just going to show you now how
to do the decrease section. So let's
just go through that. So this is
something you will start doing after the
increasing edge is complete. And
decreases also happen always along the
right edge. So first we're going to that
I cord edge we're going to do and we're
going to tighten that first stitch.
Going to knit that and I knit my second
one. And then I am going to do a an
SSK. And I do that. So I have these
first two stitches that I want to do a
slip slip knit on. So I'm going to slip
this first stitch as if I would knit it.
So, I go in here from sort of the left
side of the stitch as if I would knit,
but I don't knit it. I just transfer it
from my left needle to my right needle.
Then I do the same with the second
stitch. So, I slip that as well
knitwise. And now I have these two
stitches on my right needle. And now I'm
going to knit them two together. Uh, but
I'm going to insert my left needle into
both of
them like
so. And then I'm going to wrap around
yarn. And I'm going to take that
through. So there you have it. We have a
slip, slip, knit, an SSK. And then I'm
going to continue as normal. I'm going
to knit this row. Then I'm going to knit
the second row. Uh knit the third row.
And then do the little rib sequence
here. This is the decrease section
you're going to be repeating. So this is
chart C that you're going to work up
until you have eight stitches left in
total on your needle. And then you're
going to move on to work according to
chart
D. Thank you so much for watching this
quick little tutorial. I hope it will be
helpful and maybe'll inspire you to knit
your own little stay toasty scarf. As I
mentioned, I am also working on a bigger
one. I don't know if I should call it
the maxi stay toasty scarf or the big
state toasty scarf. Let's see. Um, and
I'll probably be able to release that
pattern uh very soon after this goes
live. It's all the same techniques
essentially, but it's one that you can
then maybe also use or my vision is that
I can also use it as a um hood scarf
sort of. Um so yeah, that I'm very
excited about. I'm just very addicted to
this simple uh the stitch pattern
essentially for the stay toasty scarf.
As always uh you can come and say hi.
I'm over at Kovakik on Instagram. I
would love to see your stats scarf. So,
do make sure if you post online uh to
use the hashtag tasty scarf and of
course on rivalry. It's really fun. You
can go and uh browse all the projects
from other knitts who have completed
this scarf. All right, I will leave yeah
all the links to the patterns below in
the description box. And happy knitting
and I'll see you in the next one. Take
care. Bye.
