Hello and welcome back to my channel. My Hello and welcome back to my channel. My Hello and welcome back to my channel. My name is Kika and today I want to show name is Kika and today I want to show name is Kika and today I want to show you quickly how to whip up this little you quickly how to whip up this little you quickly how to whip up this little scarf, the stay toasty scarf. I am going scarf, the stay toasty scarf. I am going scarf, the stay toasty scarf. I am going to take you through all the basic to take you through all the basic to take you through all the basic techniques you need for it. So get techniques you need for it. So get techniques you need for it. So get prepared to stay toasty. I have been wearing this first sample I have been wearing this first sample I have been wearing this first sample that I made already last autumn actually that I made already last autumn actually that I made already last autumn actually really a lot. I wasn't sure if I'm like really a lot. I wasn't sure if I'm like really a lot. I wasn't sure if I'm like a small scarf person really, but I've a small scarf person really, but I've a small scarf person really, but I've noticed that I really enjoy wearing it noticed that I really enjoy wearing it noticed that I really enjoy wearing it and it also just brings something to an and it also just brings something to an and it also just brings something to an outfit. Now, this one is made of a outfit. Now, this one is made of a outfit. Now, this one is made of a really neutral shade. Um, I used Gard uh really neutral shade. Um, I used Gard uh really neutral shade. Um, I used Gard uh yarn cashmere me. So, this is in a yarn cashmere me. So, this is in a yarn cashmere me. So, this is in a Kashmir yarn. So you can imagine how Kashmir yarn. So you can imagine how Kashmir yarn. So you can imagine how soft it is. And again, Kashmir yarn is soft it is. And again, Kashmir yarn is soft it is. And again, Kashmir yarn is pretty expensive. Um but you don't need pretty expensive. Um but you don't need pretty expensive. Um but you don't need a lot. So if you want to kind of splurge a lot. So if you want to kind of splurge a lot. So if you want to kind of splurge or you want to have like a really soft or you want to have like a really soft or you want to have like a really soft one, um you don't need that many skes of one, um you don't need that many skes of one, um you don't need that many skes of it. For this one, I used um I think it's it. For this one, I used um I think it's it. For this one, I used um I think it's an alpaca blend. Um I'll put in an image an alpaca blend. Um I'll put in an image an alpaca blend. Um I'll put in an image of it here. Um by Fonti, and it has such of it here. Um by Fonti, and it has such of it here. Um by Fonti, and it has such a funny name, this yarn. I think it's a funny name, this yarn. I think it's a funny name, this yarn. I think it's called Sapper Lip called Sapper Lip called Sapper Lip Lipopet. I'm not sure what that means. Lipopet. I'm not sure what that means. Lipopet. I'm not sure what that means. I'm not sure how you pronounce it. Uh I'm not sure how you pronounce it. Uh I'm not sure how you pronounce it. Uh even though I do take French classes in even though I do take French classes in even though I do take French classes in school. Anyways, this color is really school. Anyways, this color is really school. Anyways, this color is really really fun. And actually what I've really fun. And actually what I've really fun. And actually what I've forgot to show you is that this scarf is forgot to show you is that this scarf is forgot to show you is that this scarf is fully reversible. So um this is the fully reversible. So um this is the fully reversible. So um this is the right side right side right side and that is the wrong side. So you can and that is the wrong side. So you can and that is the wrong side. So you can see it's really reversible. So you could see it's really reversible. So you could see it's really reversible. So you could have it either way, which again is have it either way, which again is have it either way, which again is really good as well for a scarf that you really good as well for a scarf that you really good as well for a scarf that you know you'll have the reverse or the know you'll have the reverse or the know you'll have the reverse or the wrong side show. Anyways, I am currently wrong side show. Anyways, I am currently wrong side show. Anyways, I am currently actually also working on a bit of a um actually also working on a bit of a um actually also working on a bit of a um maxi stay toasty scarf if you will will maxi stay toasty scarf if you will will maxi stay toasty scarf if you will will um that I'm knitting to double with. So, um that I'm knitting to double with. So, um that I'm knitting to double with. So, this is how the scarf will look. Um it's this is how the scarf will look. Um it's this is how the scarf will look. Um it's really fun to work this because you only really fun to work this because you only really fun to work this because you only use knits and pearls, but you have this use knits and pearls, but you have this use knits and pearls, but you have this addictive rhythm um the sequence that addictive rhythm um the sequence that addictive rhythm um the sequence that basically it's six rows that just keep basically it's six rows that just keep basically it's six rows that just keep repeating. But since it's only knits and repeating. But since it's only knits and repeating. But since it's only knits and rows, uh, no knits and pearl stitches, rows, uh, no knits and pearl stitches, rows, uh, no knits and pearl stitches, it's really quite easy but quite fun at it's really quite easy but quite fun at it's really quite easy but quite fun at the same time. So, it's quite engaging the same time. So, it's quite engaging the same time. So, it's quite engaging to work it. And you have this really to work it. And you have this really to work it. And you have this really elegant eye cord edging on both of the elegant eye cord edging on both of the elegant eye cord edging on both of the sides. And uh, I would say difficulty sides. And uh, I would say difficulty sides. And uh, I would say difficulty uh, levelwise, this is maybe I wouldn't uh, levelwise, this is maybe I wouldn't uh, levelwise, this is maybe I wouldn't say this is a beginner pattern, but say this is a beginner pattern, but say this is a beginner pattern, but definitely an intermediate beginner or definitely an intermediate beginner or definitely an intermediate beginner or advanced beginner pattern. So, and advanced beginner pattern. So, and advanced beginner pattern. So, and especially if you watch this tutorial especially if you watch this tutorial especially if you watch this tutorial and you can come back to it and rewatch and you can come back to it and rewatch and you can come back to it and rewatch the parts that you're really unsure the parts that you're really unsure the parts that you're really unsure about. I am so sure that you'll be able about. I am so sure that you'll be able about. I am so sure that you'll be able to master this project. Also, it's a to master this project. Also, it's a to master this project. Also, it's a really fun one because this is quite really fun one because this is quite really fun one because this is quite quick. So, it's uh really satisfying to quick. So, it's uh really satisfying to quick. So, it's uh really satisfying to work it and you don't need a lot of work it and you don't need a lot of work it and you don't need a lot of yarn. So, this is a perfect uh scrap yarn. So, this is a perfect uh scrap yarn. So, this is a perfect uh scrap yarn project as well if you have some yarn project as well if you have some yarn project as well if you have some leftover yarns. Okay, without further leftover yarns. Okay, without further leftover yarns. Okay, without further ado, I think we're just going to go ado, I think we're just going to go ado, I think we're just going to go straight ahead into it. This is going to straight ahead into it. This is going to straight ahead into it. This is going to be a quick and fun little tutorial. Um, be a quick and fun little tutorial. Um, be a quick and fun little tutorial. Um, as always, you can find the pattern. as always, you can find the pattern. as always, you can find the pattern. I'll put that in the description below. I'll put that in the description below. I'll put that in the description below. So, I have it both on Rivalry and in my So, I have it both on Rivalry and in my So, I have it both on Rivalry and in my own web shop on own web shop on own web shop on kovakika.com. All right, let's jump kovakika.com. All right, let's jump kovakika.com. All right, let's jump straight into it. The gauge for the status scarf is 21 it. The gauge for the status scarf is 21 it. The gauge for the status scarf is 21 stitches per 10 cm. But since this is an stitches per 10 cm. But since this is an stitches per 10 cm. But since this is an accessory, um, it's not really crucial accessory, um, it's not really crucial accessory, um, it's not really crucial to heat gauge. I mean, you might just to heat gauge. I mean, you might just to heat gauge. I mean, you might just want to have a really stiff fabric, or want to have a really stiff fabric, or want to have a really stiff fabric, or you might want to have a really relaxed you might want to have a really relaxed you might want to have a really relaxed and loose fabric. And what yarn you're and loose fabric. And what yarn you're and loose fabric. And what yarn you're choosing is going to affect that. And choosing is going to affect that. And choosing is going to affect that. And also, you can see stitch definition is a also, you can see stitch definition is a also, you can see stitch definition is a little bit different. Here on the more little bit different. Here on the more little bit different. Here on the more fuzzy one, it's a bit of a fuzzier look. fuzzy one, it's a bit of a fuzzier look. fuzzy one, it's a bit of a fuzzier look. And here, um, it's really more clean, And here, um, it's really more clean, And here, um, it's really more clean, sophisticated with the Kashmir yarn. Um, sophisticated with the Kashmir yarn. Um, sophisticated with the Kashmir yarn. Um, so you could even choose like a silk or so you could even choose like a silk or so you could even choose like a silk or a cotton marino blend or why not a a cotton marino blend or why not a a cotton marino blend or why not a cotton yarn. Um, if you don't want to cotton yarn. Um, if you don't want to cotton yarn. Um, if you don't want to have a warm scarf, but more as an have a warm scarf, but more as an have a warm scarf, but more as an accessory. And just know that the accessory. And just know that the accessory. And just know that the fabric, I mean, as long as you're happy fabric, I mean, as long as you're happy fabric, I mean, as long as you're happy with it, how it looks. Like this one is with it, how it looks. Like this one is with it, how it looks. Like this one is very uh this one is a little thinner and very uh this one is a little thinner and very uh this one is a little thinner and very soft and bendable. This one is very soft and bendable. This one is very soft and bendable. This one is slightly more squishy, I would say. Um, slightly more squishy, I would say. Um, slightly more squishy, I would say. Um, but they both kind of serve a bit of a but they both kind of serve a bit of a but they both kind of serve a bit of a different purpose. And I would say this different purpose. And I would say this different purpose. And I would say this one, my gauge was maybe slightly uh one, my gauge was maybe slightly uh one, my gauge was maybe slightly uh larger. So I think this one is a little larger. So I think this one is a little larger. So I think this one is a little bit uh larger than my original one. But bit uh larger than my original one. But bit uh larger than my original one. But again, it doesn't really matter cuz it's again, it doesn't really matter cuz it's again, it doesn't really matter cuz it's an accessory. So uh that is more kind of an accessory. So uh that is more kind of an accessory. So uh that is more kind of yeah won't affect the overall design or yeah won't affect the overall design or yeah won't affect the overall design or end result that much. I am going to be end result that much. I am going to be end result that much. I am going to be using a 3.5 mm. So that's a US4 needle using a 3.5 mm. So that's a US4 needle using a 3.5 mm. So that's a US4 needle for this. Again, if you're a very tight for this. Again, if you're a very tight for this. Again, if you're a very tight knitter, you might want to instead knitter, you might want to instead knitter, you might want to instead choose a 4mm uh needle. or if you knit choose a 4mm uh needle. or if you knit choose a 4mm uh needle. or if you knit very loosely, maybe you want to go down very loosely, maybe you want to go down very loosely, maybe you want to go down to a 3mm needle. First, I'm going to show you how needle. First, I'm going to show you how needle. First, I'm going to show you how to shape the tip here. We're going to to shape the tip here. We're going to to shape the tip here. We're going to start by casting on four stitches with start by casting on four stitches with start by casting on four stitches with the longtail caston method. So, you want the longtail caston method. So, you want the longtail caston method. So, you want to have a bit of a tail here. And then to have a bit of a tail here. And then to have a bit of a tail here. And then first, we're just going to do a slip knot like that. And then I'm going to go knot like that. And then I'm going to go knot like that. And then I'm going to go ahead and insert my needle into my just ahead and insert my needle into my just ahead and insert my needle into my just created slip knot. And then I have my created slip knot. And then I have my created slip knot. And then I have my the working yarn here. here. So, the the working yarn here. here. So, the the working yarn here. here. So, the yarn that is going to the the balls yarn that is going to the the balls yarn that is going to the the balls here. And then this is my end here. I'm here. And then this is my end here. I'm here. And then this is my end here. I'm going to be casting on three additional going to be casting on three additional going to be casting on three additional stitches. So, I have just grabbed both stitches. So, I have just grabbed both stitches. So, I have just grabbed both of my yarns. And then I use my index of my yarns. And then I use my index of my yarns. And then I use my index finger and thumb to go through here. And finger and thumb to go through here. And finger and thumb to go through here. And then I kind of twist them open like then I kind of twist them open like then I kind of twist them open like this. And then I just use my needle and this. And then I just use my needle and this. And then I just use my needle and I go in here with my thumb. Kind of I go in here with my thumb. Kind of I go in here with my thumb. Kind of manipulate the yarn a little bit. So, I manipulate the yarn a little bit. So, I manipulate the yarn a little bit. So, I create sort of a loop here. So, I can go create sort of a loop here. So, I can go create sort of a loop here. So, I can go through that loop and I can grab this through that loop and I can grab this through that loop and I can grab this yarn. So, I go over that yarn and take yarn. So, I go over that yarn and take yarn. So, I go over that yarn and take it through this loop that I've just it through this loop that I've just it through this loop that I've just created. And then I just let it go and I created. And then I just let it go and I created. And then I just let it go and I tighten. Then I repeat that once more. tighten. Then I repeat that once more. tighten. Then I repeat that once more. So again, I kind of create this loop So again, I kind of create this loop So again, I kind of create this loop where I have a tension here with my where I have a tension here with my where I have a tension here with my thumb and I go in with my thumb and I go in with my thumb and I go in with my needle over that second yarn and then I needle over that second yarn and then I needle over that second yarn and then I let go and I tighten. And we need one let go and I tighten. And we need one let go and I tighten. And we need one more. So I do that one more last time. more. So I do that one more last time. more. So I do that one more last time. Again, go in here to the loop, over that Again, go in here to the loop, over that Again, go in here to the loop, over that yarn, take it through, let go, and I yarn, take it through, let go, and I yarn, take it through, let go, and I tighten. And there we have it. We have tighten. And there we have it. We have tighten. And there we have it. We have our four stitches. Now, what's a little our four stitches. Now, what's a little our four stitches. Now, what's a little bit strange or different with this bit strange or different with this bit strange or different with this beginning is that um usually you would beginning is that um usually you would beginning is that um usually you would turn the work, but we're not going to do turn the work, but we're not going to do turn the work, but we're not going to do that. So you have your working yarn here that. So you have your working yarn here that. So you have your working yarn here on the left side, and now we're not on the left side, and now we're not on the left side, and now we're not going to turn the work. We're instead, going to turn the work. We're instead, going to turn the work. We're instead, so I'm using a circular needle. You so I'm using a circular needle. You so I'm using a circular needle. You could also use um a double pointed could also use um a double pointed could also use um a double pointed needle, but um if you're using a needle, but um if you're using a needle, but um if you're using a circular needle, we're going to slide circular needle, we're going to slide circular needle, we're going to slide these stitches all the way from basically the left end of this way from basically the left end of this way from basically the left end of this stitch all the way to the other end of stitch all the way to the other end of stitch all the way to the other end of the needle. So your the working yarn the needle. So your the working yarn the needle. So your the working yarn should be here on the left side. So this should be here on the left side. So this should be here on the left side. So this is the is the is the end. And now, so we have the right side end. And now, so we have the right side end. And now, so we have the right side facing you all the time, which means facing you all the time, which means facing you all the time, which means that now we can go ahead and grab that that now we can go ahead and grab that that now we can go ahead and grab that working yarn and we can knit all of working yarn and we can knit all of working yarn and we can knit all of these stitches. So I am on the right these stitches. So I am on the right these stitches. So I am on the right side. We've been on the right side the side. We've been on the right side the side. We've been on the right side the entire time. So we're going to now knit entire time. So we're going to now knit entire time. So we're going to now knit these four stitches. And I make sure to these four stitches. And I make sure to these four stitches. And I make sure to tighten that first stitch quite a bit. tighten that first stitch quite a bit. tighten that first stitch quite a bit. And then I will just knit all of these stitches. All right, there I've knitted stitches. All right, there I've knitted stitches. All right, there I've knitted four of my stitches. And then we're four of my stitches. And then we're four of my stitches. And then we're going to repeat it for row two. So going to repeat it for row two. So going to repeat it for row two. So again, I have the yarn is here on the again, I have the yarn is here on the again, I have the yarn is here on the left side and I just left side and I just left side and I just slide all of my stitches. The right side slide all of my stitches. The right side slide all of my stitches. The right side is facing me all the time and I repeat is facing me all the time and I repeat is facing me all the time and I repeat that. I knit again all of the stitches. that. I knit again all of the stitches. that. I knit again all of the stitches. So this is row two. And again, I tighten So this is row two. And again, I tighten So this is row two. And again, I tighten that first one quite a bit. All right, that's our first two bit. All right, that's our first two bit. All right, that's our first two rows done. For row three, we're going to rows done. For row three, we're going to rows done. For row three, we're going to repeat that once more, but now it's repeat that once more, but now it's repeat that once more, but now it's going to be look a little different. But going to be look a little different. But going to be look a little different. But first, we're just going to slide all of first, we're just going to slide all of first, we're just going to slide all of them again. So, this is now row three. them again. So, this is now row three. them again. So, this is now row three. And now, I'm going to be knitting the And now, I'm going to be knitting the And now, I'm going to be knitting the first two ones. And then I'm going to be first two ones. And then I'm going to be first two ones. And then I'm going to be slipping these two second ones. So, slipping these two second ones. So, slipping these two second ones. So, we're going to start to work our I cord we're going to start to work our I cord we're going to start to work our I cord edge essentially. So, I knit again the edge essentially. So, I knit again the edge essentially. So, I knit again the first and I did it quite tight. So, I first and I did it quite tight. So, I first and I did it quite tight. So, I just pull that yarn a little bit extra just pull that yarn a little bit extra just pull that yarn a little bit extra and I knit the second one. So, I knitted and I knit the second one. So, I knitted and I knit the second one. So, I knitted two. And now with my yarn back, I'm two. And now with my yarn back, I'm two. And now with my yarn back, I'm going to slip these two. So I slip one going to slip these two. So I slip one going to slip these two. So I slip one with my yarn back and I slip a second with my yarn back and I slip a second with my yarn back and I slip a second one with the yarn held back. So these one with the yarn held back. So these one with the yarn held back. So these haven't been actually knitted. Now we haven't been actually knitted. Now we haven't been actually knitted. Now we start to turn the work. So now it's row start to turn the work. So now it's row start to turn the work. So now it's row four and we turn the four and we turn the four and we turn the work. And for row four, so this is now work. And for row four, so this is now work. And for row four, so this is now on the wrong side. And every wrong side on the wrong side. And every wrong side on the wrong side. And every wrong side is always going to start like this. is always going to start like this. is always going to start like this. You're always going to be pearling these You're always going to be pearling these You're always going to be pearling these first two stitches. So this is the I first two stitches. So this is the I first two stitches. So this is the I cord edge, the wrong side. So, I pearl cord edge, the wrong side. So, I pearl cord edge, the wrong side. So, I pearl one and I pearl two. And next, I'm going one and I pearl two. And next, I'm going one and I pearl two. And next, I'm going to be slipping these next two stitches to be slipping these next two stitches to be slipping these next two stitches because these are the I cord edge on the because these are the I cord edge on the because these are the I cord edge on the other edge. And with these ones I want other edge. And with these ones I want other edge. And with these ones I want to slip, but I need to bring my working to slip, but I need to bring my working to slip, but I need to bring my working yarn here yarn here yarn here front. So, I have my working yarn here front. So, I have my working yarn here front. So, I have my working yarn here front. And then I'm just going to be front. And then I'm just going to be front. And then I'm just going to be slipping. Slip one with the yarn in slipping. Slip one with the yarn in slipping. Slip one with the yarn in front and slip two with the yarn in front and slip two with the yarn in front and slip two with the yarn in front. And that is row four complete. front. And that is row four complete. front. And that is row four complete. Then we turn the work again. Now we are Then we turn the work again. Now we are Then we turn the work again. Now we are on row five. So we're just going to be on row five. So we're just going to be on row five. So we're just going to be repeating what we just did. So I start repeating what we just did. So I start repeating what we just did. So I start by knitting two and then I'm going to be slipping two and then I'm going to be slipping two and then I'm going to be slipping two with the yarn in back. So we're two with the yarn in back. So we're two with the yarn in back. So we're going to turn the work and then work row going to turn the work and then work row going to turn the work and then work row six. six. six. So, row six again. Now, we start by So, row six again. Now, we start by So, row six again. Now, we start by pearling two. And then we're going to slip work two. And then we're going to slip work two. And then we're going to slip work the or move the yarn working yarn in the or move the yarn working yarn in the or move the yarn working yarn in front. And then I'm going to slip these. front. And then I'm going to slip these. front. And then I'm going to slip these. And you always slip all the stitches And you always slip all the stitches And you always slip all the stitches pearl-wise. All right. So, those are our pearl-wise. All right. So, those are our pearl-wise. All right. So, those are our setup rows now complete. Next, we're setup rows now complete. Next, we're setup rows now complete. Next, we're going to start shaping the scarf going to start shaping the scarf going to start shaping the scarf according to chart A. So, let me just according to chart A. So, let me just according to chart A. So, let me just show you a little bit how to work the show you a little bit how to work the show you a little bit how to work the chart. So on all our right side rows, chart. So on all our right side rows, chart. So on all our right side rows, we're going to be knitting the first two we're going to be knitting the first two we're going to be knitting the first two stitches and slipping the last two stitches and slipping the last two stitches and slipping the last two stitches. And all all the wrong side stitches. And all all the wrong side stitches. And all all the wrong side rows, we're going to be pearling the rows, we're going to be pearling the rows, we're going to be pearling the first two stitches and slipping our last first two stitches and slipping our last first two stitches and slipping our last few stitches. But again, the chart few stitches. But again, the chart few stitches. But again, the chart explains this and in no time you'll get explains this and in no time you'll get explains this and in no time you'll get the hang of it. So we begin. First, I'm the hang of it. So we begin. First, I'm the hang of it. So we begin. First, I'm just going to knit the two first just going to knit the two first just going to knit the two first stitches. And next, I'm going to be stitches. And next, I'm going to be stitches. And next, I'm going to be making one left. So, I need to insert my making one left. So, I need to insert my making one left. So, I need to insert my left needle here in the strand between I left needle here in the strand between I left needle here in the strand between I pick that up with my needle. And then pick that up with my needle. And then pick that up with my needle. And then I'm just going to be knitting this I'm just going to be knitting this I'm just going to be knitting this through the back. And in the beginning through the back. And in the beginning through the back. And in the beginning here, it might feel quite tight. So, you here, it might feel quite tight. So, you here, it might feel quite tight. So, you might also uh want to make sure that might also uh want to make sure that might also uh want to make sure that these first two stitches that you don't these first two stitches that you don't these first two stitches that you don't knit them too tight because it will just knit them too tight because it will just knit them too tight because it will just make it a little bit harder. Um, and make it a little bit harder. Um, and make it a little bit harder. Um, and then I'm just going to be slipping this then I'm just going to be slipping this then I'm just going to be slipping this with the yarn in back. All right. So, we with the yarn in back. All right. So, we with the yarn in back. All right. So, we have created our first increase. Then have created our first increase. Then have created our first increase. Then we're just going to turn the work and we we're just going to turn the work and we we're just going to turn the work and we are going to are going to are going to be pearling our first two stitches. And then I'm going to be stitches. And then I'm going to be stitches. And then I'm going to be knitting that stitch with that we just knitting that stitch with that we just knitting that stitch with that we just increased and then slipping with my yarn increased and then slipping with my yarn increased and then slipping with my yarn in front the last two in front the last two in front the last two stitches. And then for this one, we stitches. And then for this one, we stitches. And then for this one, we don't have an increase for the next row. don't have an increase for the next row. don't have an increase for the next row. So, I'm just going to be working the I So, I'm just going to be working the I So, I'm just going to be working the I cord edge, knitting cord edge, knitting cord edge, knitting those, those, those, pearling, and slipping. And again, repeating that on slipping. And again, repeating that on slipping. And again, repeating that on the wrong side, pearling the first two stitches and knitting and stitches and knitting and stitches and knitting and slipping. Okay, so we have completed our slipping. Okay, so we have completed our slipping. Okay, so we have completed our first little sequence. On the next row, first little sequence. On the next row, first little sequence. On the next row, we again have a increase. And all the we again have a increase. And all the we again have a increase. And all the increases are always just make one left. increases are always just make one left. increases are always just make one left. So again, just going to look at that So again, just going to look at that So again, just going to look at that strand between stitches. Knit it through strand between stitches. Knit it through strand between stitches. Knit it through the back is a little finicky, but it's the back is a little finicky, but it's the back is a little finicky, but it's okay. Like that. And then for this time, okay. Like that. And then for this time, okay. Like that. And then for this time, we're just going to knit. And you will we're just going to knit. And you will we're just going to knit. And you will see that the sequence that we have, see that the sequence that we have, see that the sequence that we have, you're always going to work the make one you're always going to work the make one you're always going to work the make one left on the first knit row. I've now left on the first knit row. I've now left on the first knit row. I've now completed chart A. So when you've completed chart A. So when you've completed chart A. So when you've completed it, you should have eight completed it, you should have eight completed it, you should have eight stitches. And that's also a really good stitches. And that's also a really good stitches. And that's also a really good way to keep track as you're working this way to keep track as you're working this way to keep track as you're working this scarf how many stitches you have because scarf how many stitches you have because scarf how many stitches you have because the pattern will say how many stitches the pattern will say how many stitches the pattern will say how many stitches you need at the widest part. Um so you need at the widest part. Um so you need at the widest part. Um so that's just a handy way to check that that's just a handy way to check that that's just a handy way to check that just where you are essentially in the just where you are essentially in the just where you are essentially in the pattern. Um one also tip is that you can pattern. Um one also tip is that you can pattern. Um one also tip is that you can for example place a stitch marker on for example place a stitch marker on for example place a stitch marker on here at the beginning of the right side here at the beginning of the right side here at the beginning of the right side if you get confused which is the right if you get confused which is the right if you get confused which is the right and which is the wrong side. But after and which is the wrong side. But after and which is the wrong side. But after you've completed chart A and now you can you've completed chart A and now you can you've completed chart A and now you can sort of see a little bit this textured sort of see a little bit this textured sort of see a little bit this textured pattern already starting to form, you're pattern already starting to form, you're pattern already starting to form, you're going to moving on to chart B. Now in going to moving on to chart B. Now in going to moving on to chart B. Now in chart B, you essentially have this chart B, you essentially have this chart B, you essentially have this increase section that you're going to be increase section that you're going to be increase section that you're going to be repeating. And it repeats for 12 repeating. And it repeats for 12 repeating. And it repeats for 12 stitches. So you always have that make stitches. So you always have that make stitches. So you always have that make one L uh after the two first stitches on one L uh after the two first stitches on one L uh after the two first stitches on the right side. And you're going to be the right side. And you're going to be the right side. And you're going to be repeating it X more times. And you have repeating it X more times. And you have repeating it X more times. And you have a little pattern repeat. Um, so those a little pattern repeat. Um, so those a little pattern repeat. Um, so those two patterns or those two stitches, two patterns or those two stitches, two patterns or those two stitches, you're just going to be repeating always you're just going to be repeating always you're just going to be repeating always until your last two stitches for all the until your last two stitches for all the until your last two stitches for all the right side rows. And then when you have right side rows. And then when you have right side rows. And then when you have repeated that x amount of times and you repeated that x amount of times and you repeated that x amount of times and you have the widest part, you're going to be have the widest part, you're going to be have the widest part, you're going to be starting to work instead along chart C, starting to work instead along chart C, starting to work instead along chart C, which then has a decrease sequence. And which then has a decrease sequence. And which then has a decrease sequence. And I'm just going to show you that decrease I'm just going to show you that decrease I'm just going to show you that decrease sequence on my other scarf project that sequence on my other scarf project that sequence on my other scarf project that I'm working. So you have that technique I'm working. So you have that technique I'm working. So you have that technique of just doing an of just doing an of just doing an SSK. I have now worked my entire SSK. I have now worked my entire SSK. I have now worked my entire increase edge. So I've worked up until increase edge. So I've worked up until increase edge. So I've worked up until this stitch marker here. So this is the this stitch marker here. So this is the this stitch marker here. So this is the widest point of the scarf and then I've widest point of the scarf and then I've widest point of the scarf and then I've started to work the decreasing edge. So started to work the decreasing edge. So started to work the decreasing edge. So the decreasing edge is also done along the decreasing edge is also done along the decreasing edge is also done along the right edge just after the eye cord. the right edge just after the eye cord. the right edge just after the eye cord. And I'm just going to show you now how And I'm just going to show you now how And I'm just going to show you now how to do the decrease section. So let's to do the decrease section. So let's to do the decrease section. So let's just go through that. So this is just go through that. So this is just go through that. So this is something you will start doing after the something you will start doing after the something you will start doing after the increasing edge is complete. And increasing edge is complete. And increasing edge is complete. And decreases also happen always along the decreases also happen always along the decreases also happen always along the right edge. So first we're going to that right edge. So first we're going to that right edge. So first we're going to that I cord edge we're going to do and we're I cord edge we're going to do and we're I cord edge we're going to do and we're going to tighten that first stitch. going to tighten that first stitch. going to tighten that first stitch. Going to knit that and I knit my second Going to knit that and I knit my second Going to knit that and I knit my second one. And then I am going to do a an one. And then I am going to do a an one. And then I am going to do a an SSK. And I do that. So I have these SSK. And I do that. So I have these SSK. And I do that. So I have these first two stitches that I want to do a first two stitches that I want to do a first two stitches that I want to do a slip slip knit on. So I'm going to slip slip slip knit on. So I'm going to slip slip slip knit on. So I'm going to slip this first stitch as if I would knit it. this first stitch as if I would knit it. this first stitch as if I would knit it. So, I go in here from sort of the left So, I go in here from sort of the left So, I go in here from sort of the left side of the stitch as if I would knit, side of the stitch as if I would knit, side of the stitch as if I would knit, but I don't knit it. I just transfer it but I don't knit it. I just transfer it but I don't knit it. I just transfer it from my left needle to my right needle. from my left needle to my right needle. from my left needle to my right needle. Then I do the same with the second Then I do the same with the second Then I do the same with the second stitch. So, I slip that as well stitch. So, I slip that as well stitch. So, I slip that as well knitwise. And now I have these two knitwise. And now I have these two knitwise. And now I have these two stitches on my right needle. And now I'm stitches on my right needle. And now I'm stitches on my right needle. And now I'm going to knit them two together. Uh, but going to knit them two together. Uh, but going to knit them two together. Uh, but I'm going to insert my left needle into I'm going to insert my left needle into I'm going to insert my left needle into both of both of both of them like them like them like so. And then I'm going to wrap around so. And then I'm going to wrap around so. And then I'm going to wrap around yarn. And I'm going to take that yarn. And I'm going to take that yarn. And I'm going to take that through. So there you have it. We have a through. So there you have it. We have a through. So there you have it. We have a slip, slip, knit, an SSK. And then I'm slip, slip, knit, an SSK. And then I'm slip, slip, knit, an SSK. And then I'm going to continue as normal. I'm going going to continue as normal. I'm going going to continue as normal. I'm going to knit this row. Then I'm going to knit to knit this row. Then I'm going to knit to knit this row. Then I'm going to knit the second row. Uh knit the third row. the second row. Uh knit the third row. the second row. Uh knit the third row. And then do the little rib sequence And then do the little rib sequence And then do the little rib sequence here. This is the decrease section here. This is the decrease section here. This is the decrease section you're going to be repeating. So this is you're going to be repeating. So this is you're going to be repeating. So this is chart C that you're going to work up chart C that you're going to work up chart C that you're going to work up until you have eight stitches left in until you have eight stitches left in until you have eight stitches left in total on your needle. And then you're total on your needle. And then you're total on your needle. And then you're going to move on to work according to going to move on to work according to going to move on to work according to chart D. Thank you so much for watching this D. Thank you so much for watching this D. Thank you so much for watching this quick little tutorial. I hope it will be quick little tutorial. I hope it will be quick little tutorial. I hope it will be helpful and maybe'll inspire you to knit helpful and maybe'll inspire you to knit helpful and maybe'll inspire you to knit your own little stay toasty scarf. As I your own little stay toasty scarf. As I your own little stay toasty scarf. As I mentioned, I am also working on a bigger mentioned, I am also working on a bigger mentioned, I am also working on a bigger one. I don't know if I should call it one. I don't know if I should call it one. I don't know if I should call it the maxi stay toasty scarf or the big the maxi stay toasty scarf or the big the maxi stay toasty scarf or the big state toasty scarf. Let's see. Um, and state toasty scarf. Let's see. Um, and state toasty scarf. Let's see. Um, and I'll probably be able to release that I'll probably be able to release that I'll probably be able to release that pattern uh very soon after this goes pattern uh very soon after this goes pattern uh very soon after this goes live. It's all the same techniques live. It's all the same techniques live. It's all the same techniques essentially, but it's one that you can essentially, but it's one that you can essentially, but it's one that you can then maybe also use or my vision is that then maybe also use or my vision is that then maybe also use or my vision is that I can also use it as a um hood scarf I can also use it as a um hood scarf I can also use it as a um hood scarf sort of. Um so yeah, that I'm very sort of. Um so yeah, that I'm very sort of. Um so yeah, that I'm very excited about. I'm just very addicted to excited about. I'm just very addicted to excited about. I'm just very addicted to this simple uh the stitch pattern this simple uh the stitch pattern this simple uh the stitch pattern essentially for the stay toasty scarf. essentially for the stay toasty scarf. essentially for the stay toasty scarf. As always uh you can come and say hi. As always uh you can come and say hi. As always uh you can come and say hi. I'm over at Kovakik on Instagram. I I'm over at Kovakik on Instagram. I I'm over at Kovakik on Instagram. I would love to see your stats scarf. So, would love to see your stats scarf. So, would love to see your stats scarf. So, do make sure if you post online uh to do make sure if you post online uh to do make sure if you post online uh to use the hashtag tasty scarf and of use the hashtag tasty scarf and of use the hashtag tasty scarf and of course on rivalry. It's really fun. You course on rivalry. It's really fun. You course on rivalry. It's really fun. You can go and uh browse all the projects can go and uh browse all the projects can go and uh browse all the projects from other knitts who have completed from other knitts who have completed from other knitts who have completed this scarf. All right, I will leave yeah this scarf. All right, I will leave yeah this scarf. All right, I will leave yeah all the links to the patterns below in all the links to the patterns below in all the links to the patterns below in the description box. And happy knitting the description box. And happy knitting the description box. And happy knitting and I'll see you in the next one. Take and I'll see you in the next one. Take and I'll see you in the next one. Take care. Bye.