Greetings.  Today's blog is a daily Greetings.  Today's blog is a daily Greetings.  Today's blog is a daily routine blog and before starting the vlog routine blog and before starting the vlog routine blog and before starting the vlog I want to tell you that my name is I want to tell you that my name is I want to tell you that my name is Aishi and I am from Ghaziabad district, UP in India.  So Aishi and I am from Ghaziabad district, UP in India.  So Aishi and I am from Ghaziabad district, UP in India.  So let's start the vlog let's start the vlog let's start the vlog from the morning.  So I came to the kitchen and from the morning.  So I came to the kitchen and from the morning.  So I came to the kitchen and I have to prepare tiffin for the children.  So today I have to prepare tiffin for the children.  So today I have to prepare tiffin for the children.  So today I am going to make Kaboli Chana.  So I I am going to make Kaboli Chana.  So I I am going to make Kaboli Chana.  So I soaked it overnight, now I soaked it overnight, now I soaked it overnight, now I added some salt and water to it and kept it to boil. added some salt and water to it and kept it to boil. added some salt and water to it and kept it to boil. And here I was cutting fruits for the children And here I was cutting fruits for the children And here I was cutting fruits for the children because they refused to eat anything else for breakfast today. because they refused to eat anything else for breakfast today. While our chickpeas are boiling, While our chickpeas are boiling, While our chickpeas are boiling, I have finely chopped tomatoes and onions here.  I have I have finely chopped tomatoes and onions here.  I have I have finely chopped tomatoes and onions here.  I have taken a pan.  I have taken a pan.  I have taken a pan.  I have put onion in it.  I will melt it a little.   We will fry it put onion in it.  I will melt it a little.   We will fry it put onion in it.  I will melt it a little.   We will fry it and add all the and add all the and add all the spices to it.  So my children like these gram spices to it.  So my children like these gram spices to it.  So my children like these gram very much.  So when the very much.  So when the very much.  So when the onions had melted, I added tomatoes onions had melted, I added tomatoes onions had melted, I added tomatoes and turmeric and red chilli powder. and turmeric and red chilli powder. and turmeric and red chilli powder. Add salt as per taste.  So the spices have been Add salt as per taste.  So the spices have been Add salt as per taste.  So the spices have been kept for roasting.  Here I had kept for roasting.  Here I had kept for roasting.  Here I had made juice for the children and these gram dishes are made juice for the children and these gram dishes are made juice for the children and these gram dishes are very easy and can be prepared quickly.  So very easy and can be prepared quickly.  So very easy and can be prepared quickly.  So see, the chickpeas had also melted.  Now I will add this also.  We will see, the chickpeas had also melted.  Now I will add this also.  We will see, the chickpeas had also melted.  Now I will add this also.  We will mix it in it and mix it in it and mix it in it and add the chole masala that comes on top. add the chole masala that comes on top. add the chole masala that comes on top. Our tea was being prepared here.  Parathas were also made.  The Our tea was being prepared here.  Parathas were also made.  The Our tea was being prepared here.  Parathas were also made.  The children's tiffin is ready.  So children's tiffin is ready.  So children's tiffin is ready.  So Umra is going straight to school now and let's go to the Umra is going straight to school now and let's go to the Umra is going straight to school now and let's go to the room.  After that I room.  After that I room.  After that I picked up Hussain.  So my daughters go to picked up Hussain.  So my daughters go to picked up Hussain.  So my daughters go to school first.  Now it was Hussain's time, so Hussain school first.  Now it was Hussain's time, so Hussain school first.  Now it was Hussain's time, so Hussain also went to school.  And till then we are leaving Hussain behind. also went to school.  And till then we are leaving Hussain behind. also went to school.  And till then we are leaving Hussain behind. I do all the other household I do all the other household I do all the other household work.  So whatever work I had to do here, work.  So whatever work I had to do here, work.  So whatever work I had to do here, I was doing it quickly I was doing it quickly I was doing it quickly because after he comes, I have to give him because after he comes, I have to give him because after he comes, I have to give him breakfast and I also have breakfast with him. breakfast and I also have breakfast with him. breakfast and I also have breakfast with him. So I quickly finished So I quickly finished So I quickly finished all my work and he also came. all my work and he also came. all my work and he also came. So today I was going to eat bread So today I was going to eat bread So today I was going to eat bread toast and butter for breakfast and he was going to eat milk toast and butter for breakfast and he was going to eat milk toast and butter for breakfast and he was going to eat milk conflakes and I did not feel like eating them.  He was conflakes and I did not feel like eating them.  He was conflakes and I did not feel like eating them.  He was saying that he wanted to eat something light. saying that he wanted to eat something light. saying that he wanted to eat something light. So here our breakfast is also So here our breakfast is also So here our breakfast is also completely ready.  Now let's take you to the completely ready.  Now let's take you to the completely ready.  Now let's take you to the room.  So after finishing breakfast, room.  So after finishing breakfast, I quickly finished all the other household chores and after that I had to go to I quickly finished all the other household chores and after that I had to go to I quickly finished all the other household chores and after that I had to go to a collaboration at 11:00.  So a collaboration at 11:00.  So a collaboration at 11:00.  So I quickly wore my baaya and I quickly wore my baaya and I quickly wore my baaya and reached there to do my collaboration and reached there to do my collaboration and reached there to do my collaboration and when we came back, we had brought all the stuff that was getting finished at home. when we came back, we had brought all the stuff that was getting finished at home. when we came back, we had brought all the stuff that was getting finished at home. Now let's Now let's Now let's quickly install all these things. quickly install all these things. quickly install all these things. And since you guys are And since you guys are And since you guys are looking for the link to my outfit from yesterday, looking for the link to my outfit from yesterday, looking for the link to my outfit from yesterday, I have shared it on my story. I have shared it on my story. I have shared it on my story. You can go there and see it.  So You can go there and see it.  So You can go there and see it.  So I had brought just this little stuff.  I I had brought just this little stuff.  I I had brought just this little stuff.  I quickly quickly quickly put it back in place and today I am going to wear this put it back in place and today I am going to wear this put it back in place and today I am going to wear this suit.  So now let's go to the kitchen to prepare lunch.  So suit.  So now let's go to the kitchen to prepare lunch.  So suit.  So now let's go to the kitchen to prepare lunch.  So today I am going to make Malai today I am going to make Malai today I am going to make Malai Kofta.  So see, for this I will Kofta.  So see, for this I will Kofta.  So see, for this I will use my new embroidery.  This is from use my new embroidery.  This is from use my new embroidery.  This is from Prestige and it is very good. Prestige and it is very good. Prestige and it is very good. So here I have taken three onions, three So here I have taken three onions, three So here I have taken three onions, three tomatoes, some cashew nuts and added some water tomatoes, some cashew nuts and added some water tomatoes, some cashew nuts and added some water , two green chillies, I , two green chillies, I , two green chillies, I boiled it and made a paste of it.  We boiled it and made a paste of it.  We boiled it and made a paste of it.  We will pour oil in the same vessel.  Then will pour oil in the same vessel.  Then will pour oil in the same vessel.  Then we will add this paste.  A little coriander powder, we will add this paste.  A little coriander powder, we will add this paste.  A little coriander powder, ground garam masala, red chilli powder, ground garam masala, red chilli powder, ground garam masala, red chilli powder, ginger garlic paste.  And keep the spices aside for roasting. ginger garlic paste.  And keep the spices aside for roasting. Add salt as per your taste.  On the other side we have Add salt as per your taste.  On the other side we have Add salt as per your taste.  On the other side we have boiled mashed potatoes.  And boiled mashed potatoes.  And boiled mashed potatoes.  And we have taken grated cheese.  We will we have taken grated cheese.  We will we have taken grated cheese.  We will add some ginger and garlic and after that we will add some ginger and garlic and after that we will add some ginger and garlic and after that we will add green coriander, green chillies and add green coriander, green chillies and add green coriander, green chillies and arrowroot.  Apart from this, black arrowroot.  Apart from this, black arrowroot.  Apart from this, black pepper powder, salt as per your taste pepper powder, salt as per your taste pepper powder, salt as per your taste and crushed red chilli have been added to the koftas.  The koftas were and crushed red chilli have been added to the koftas.  The koftas were and crushed red chilli have been added to the koftas.  The koftas were made and fried.  The spices have also been roasted.  We will made and fried.  The spices have also been roasted.  We will made and fried.  The spices have also been roasted.  We will add koftas in it. add koftas in it. add koftas in it. Add Kasuri Methi on top.  Will add green coriander.  And the Add Kasuri Methi on top.  Will add green coriander.  And the Add Kasuri Methi on top.  Will add green coriander.  And the cream is your choice.  Put it in as per your wish, otherwise do cream is your choice.  Put it in as per your wish, otherwise do cream is your choice.  Put it in as per your wish, otherwise do n't put it in.  So let's take out the crockery now. n't put it in.  So let's take out the crockery now. n't put it in.  So let's take out the crockery now. So today I am going to take out this So today I am going to take out this So today I am going to take out this dinner set.  And how do you guys like my blog dinner set.  And how do you guys like my blog dinner set.  And how do you guys like my blog ?  If you like it, please like, ?  If you like it, please like, ?  If you like it, please like, share and subscribe