Greetings. Today's blog is a daily
routine blog and before starting the vlog
I want to tell you that my name is
Aishi and I am from Ghaziabad district, UP in India. So
let's start the vlog
from the morning. So I came to the kitchen and
I have to prepare tiffin for the children. So today
I am going to make Kaboli Chana. So I
soaked it overnight, now I
added some salt and water to it and kept it to boil.
And here I was cutting fruits for the children
because they refused to eat anything else for breakfast today.
While our chickpeas are boiling,
I have finely chopped tomatoes and onions here. I have
taken a pan. I have
put onion in it. I will melt it a little. We will fry it
and add all the
spices to it. So my children like these gram
very much. So when the
onions had melted, I added tomatoes
and turmeric and red chilli powder.
Add salt as per taste. So the spices have been
kept for roasting. Here I had
made juice for the children and these gram dishes are
very easy and can be prepared quickly. So
see, the chickpeas had also melted. Now I will add this also. We will
mix it in it and
add the chole masala that comes on top.
Our tea was being prepared here. Parathas were also made. The
children's tiffin is ready. So
Umra is going straight to school now and let's go to the
room. After that I
picked up Hussain. So my daughters go to
school first. Now it was Hussain's time, so Hussain
also went to school. And till then we are leaving Hussain behind.
I do all the other household
work. So whatever work I had to do here,
I was doing it quickly
because after he comes, I have to give him
breakfast and I also have breakfast with him.
So I quickly finished
all my work and he also came.
So today I was going to eat bread
toast and butter for breakfast and he was going to eat milk
conflakes and I did not feel like eating them. He was
saying that he wanted to eat something light.
So here our breakfast is also
completely ready. Now let's take you to the
room. So after finishing breakfast,
I quickly finished all the other household chores and after that I had to go to
a collaboration at 11:00. So
I quickly wore my baaya and
reached there to do my collaboration and
when we came back, we had brought all the stuff that was getting finished at home.
Now let's
quickly install all these things.
And since you guys are
looking for the link to my outfit from yesterday,
I have shared it on my story.
You can go there and see it. So
I had brought just this little stuff. I
quickly
put it back in place and today I am going to wear this
suit. So now let's go to the kitchen to prepare lunch. So
today I am going to make Malai
Kofta. So see, for this I will
use my new embroidery. This is from
Prestige and it is very good.
So here I have taken three onions, three
tomatoes, some cashew nuts and added some water
, two green chillies, I
boiled it and made a paste of it. We
will pour oil in the same vessel. Then
we will add this paste. A little coriander powder,
ground garam masala, red chilli powder,
ginger garlic paste. And keep the spices aside for roasting.
Add salt as per your taste. On the other side we have
boiled mashed potatoes. And
we have taken grated cheese. We will
add some ginger and garlic and after that we will
add green coriander, green chillies and
arrowroot. Apart from this, black
pepper powder, salt as per your taste
and crushed red chilli have been added to the koftas. The koftas were
made and fried. The spices have also been roasted. We will
add koftas in it.
Add Kasuri Methi on top. Will add green coriander. And the
cream is your choice. Put it in as per your wish, otherwise do
n't put it in. So let's take out the crockery now.
So today I am going to take out this
dinner set. And how do you guys like my blog
? If you like it, please like,
share and subscribe
