There is an arrest warrant against you.  The There is an arrest warrant against you.  The There is an arrest warrant against you.  The powerful Sardar of Punjab has come to the police station and filed an FIR in your name in a case of abuse. powerful Sardar of Punjab has come to the police station and filed an FIR in your name in a case of abuse. Work is work Work is work Work is work mother father I can't do anything it's a misunderstanding it's mother father I can't do anything it's a misunderstanding it's mother father I can't do anything it's a misunderstanding it's okay come to the police station tomorrow we'll talk have okay come to the police station tomorrow we'll talk have okay come to the police station tomorrow we'll talk have mercy [Music] have mercy mother father don't get me confused mercy [Music] have mercy mother father don't get me confused mercy [Music] have mercy mother father don't get me confused I won't abuse there is a Mastana I won't abuse there is a Mastana I won't abuse there is a Mastana in my brother brother the oil is gone my brother in my brother brother the oil is gone my brother in my brother brother the oil is gone my brother work is sardar no money the matter is the same work is sardar no money the matter is the same work is sardar no money the matter is the same abuse Mastana [Music] abuse Mastana [Music] abuse Mastana [Music] I mean the crop brother if you can abuse me I mean the crop brother if you can abuse me I mean the crop brother if you can abuse me then say it straight away don't ever look at your daughter with wrong eyes brother you never then say it straight away don't ever look at your daughter with wrong eyes brother you never then say it straight away don't ever look at your daughter with wrong eyes brother you never abused me brother abused me brother abused me brother where did you come from oh tell me to be sensible where did you come from oh tell me to be sensible where did you come from oh tell me to be sensible okay the matter has to be settled come to the police station okay the matter has to be settled come to the police station okay the matter has to be settled come to the police station tomorrow and meet me and tomorrow and meet me and tomorrow and meet me and Johnny the Russian and get a passport made and pretend to be Johnny the Russian and get a passport made and pretend to be Johnny the Russian and get a passport made and pretend to be Munna inspector sahab what did you do I mean it's Munna inspector sahab what did you do I mean it's Munna inspector sahab what did you do I mean it's milk and water milk and water milk and water he abused he abused he abused okay come on he also has a name okay come on he also has a name okay come on he also has a name yes come on get a yes come on get a quick appointment quick appointment quick appointment okay you go to the police okay you go to the police okay you go to the police nephew go to the police take abuses nephew go to the police take abuses nephew go to the police take abuses wow father [screaming voice] wow father [screaming voice] wow father [screaming voice] mother mother my mother they are so shy mother oh what mother mother my mother they are so shy mother oh what mother mother my mother they are so shy mother oh what police mother police mother police mother one price of the money is so bad one price of the money is so bad one price of the money is so bad I will buy goods and become a policeman, I will buy goods and become a policeman, I will buy goods and become a policeman, ma'am [laughs] yes, what are you cool, what are you cool, son, hey cool, son, hey cool, son, hey Mastan, hey son, hey, son, this is forgiven Police Police Mastan, hey son, hey, son, this is forgiven Police Police Mastan, hey son, hey, son, this is forgiven Police Police Police Police Police Police Police, crazy Police Police, crazy Police Police, crazy son, understand Punjabi Manas, if you don't abuse, if you don't abuse, if the son, understand Punjabi Manas, if you don't abuse, if you don't abuse, if the son, understand Punjabi Manas, if you don't abuse, if you don't abuse, if the police comes, then I will do it, police comes, then I will do it, police comes, then I will do it, stay away from them for 10 years, if I get angry, then I will come, then I will come, stay away from them for 10 years, if I get angry, then I will come, then I will come, stay away from them for 10 years, if I get angry, then I will come, then I will come, Mubarala son, Adam, son, Adam, son, Adam, no, son, don't talk, no, son, don't talk, no, son, don't talk, Babu, my son, today the Babu, my son, today the Babu, my son, today the chikli's, the pyali's, the niyali's, the niyali's, the chikli's, the pyali's, the niyali's, the niyali's, the chikli's, the pyali's, the niyali's, the niyali's, the mother, mother, mother, oh mother, oh mother, oh mother, son, don't make a noise, son, don't make a noise, yes, yes, you son, don't make a noise, son, don't make a noise, yes, yes, you son, don't make a noise, son, don't make a noise, yes, yes, you explained everything to me, son, laughing, explained everything to me, son, laughing, explained everything to me, son, laughing, Inspector Sahib, laughing, just, just, just, this Inspector Sahib is cool, I will Inspector Sahib is cool, I will Inspector Sahib is cool, I will leave the shop and catch you, I will go and let you go, it's leave the shop and catch you, I will go and let you go, it's leave the shop and catch you, I will go and let you go, it's not a mistake, if you don't catch me, then I will not a mistake, if you don't catch me, then I will not a mistake, if you don't catch me, then I will come happily, do a favor, at least let me go, don't be come happily, do a favor, at least let me go, don't be come happily, do a favor, at least let me go, don't be too clever, okay, otherwise I will shove a too clever, okay, otherwise I will shove a too clever, okay, otherwise I will shove a seven-foot long stick up your ass, seven-foot long stick up your ass, seven-foot long stick up your ass, call Mastan, call Mastan, call Mastan, say anything wrong, Inspector Sahib, the law is a couple of feet say anything wrong, Inspector Sahib, the law is a couple of feet say anything wrong, Inspector Sahib, the law is a couple of feet long, I know the stick is not long, long, I know the stick is not long, long, I know the stick is not long, hey Mastan  Call him friend hey Mastan  Call him friend hey Mastan  Call him friend yes call him my brother my brother my brother I will leave the girl in Punjab oh friend why I will leave the girl in Punjab oh friend why I will leave the girl in Punjab oh friend why waste your time call him friend it's raining friend it's pouring come waste your time call him friend it's raining friend it's pouring come waste your time call him friend it's raining friend it's pouring come quickly call him dhing dhing turn to the side there's no quickly call him dhing dhing turn to the side there's no quickly call him dhing dhing turn to the side there's no need to catch blood mite need to catch blood mite need to catch blood mite hey Mastan how many are there come out friend friend for hey Mastan how many are there come out friend friend for hey Mastan how many are there come out friend friend for Tanu's sake I am trapped in the trap friend Tanu's sake I am trapped in the trap friend Tanu's sake I am trapped in the trap friend come out and tell the whole truth come out and tell the whole truth come out and tell the whole truth son Tamizho down Mastan you have an Aadhar card son Tamizho down Mastan you have an Aadhar card son Tamizho down Mastan you have an Aadhar card you are shouting at night what a fool you are shouting at night what a fool you are shouting at night what a fool you are killing Babu fever Babu you are killing Babu fever Babu you are killing Babu fever Babu mother's son go get me an Eshram card mother's son go get me an Eshram card mother's son go get me an Eshram card made brother what's the use made brother what's the use made brother what's the use paaji hey people paaji hey people paaji hey people got the card four years ago but till now there is no use I do got the card four years ago but till now there is no use I do got the card four years ago but till now there is no use I do n't know about the government n't know about the government n't know about the government aunt if you get an Aadhar card then Tamizho came aunt if you get an Aadhar card then Tamizho came aunt if you get an Aadhar card then Tamizho came if you feel like playing hide and seek then if you feel like playing hide and seek then if you feel like playing hide and seek then let's fight let's fight let's fight son let's do it son let's do it son let's do it son but son where is the fuss its son but son where is the fuss its son but son where is the fuss its just the police the just the police the just the police the rest I understand rest I understand rest I understand but listen to one more thing Chaki by the way if but listen to one more thing Chaki by the way if but listen to one more thing Chaki by the way if I go to jail then break every marriage we are I go to jail then break every marriage we are I go to jail then break every marriage we are going from jail to mohalla  You [Music] going from jail to mohalla  You [Music] going from jail to mohalla  You [Music] Come on Come on Come on Inspector Sahib [Music] My son, Inspector Sahib [Music] My son, Inspector Sahib [Music] My son, look at the entire colony, there are lakhs of people, till date the look at the entire colony, there are lakhs of people, till date the look at the entire colony, there are lakhs of people, till date the business has not been bad, people always do good, you can business has not been bad, people always do good, you can business has not been bad, people always do good, you can abuse your parents, I will answer you for abuse your parents, I will answer you for abuse your parents, I will answer you for one auspicious work, first you one auspicious work, first you one auspicious work, first you talk from a distance, I have not abused you.  5G 5G has been abused.  That is why a talk from a distance, I have not abused you.  5G 5G has been abused.  That is why a talk from a distance, I have not abused you.  5G 5G has been abused.  That is why a case has been filed in the name of those people.  We will case has been filed in the name of those people.  We will case has been filed in the name of those people.  We will take him to the police station and take him to the police station and take him to the police station and beat him so hard that the next seven wrestlers will have beat him so hard that the next seven wrestlers will have beat him so hard that the next seven wrestlers will have pain in their asses.  Hey sisterfucker, you won't be happy, you will pain in their asses.  Hey sisterfucker, you won't be happy, you will pain in their asses.  Hey sisterfucker, you won't be happy, you will betray me.  The betray me.  The betray me.  The Khandasi made a hole in the same plate in which the food was kept.  I have forgotten Khandasi made a hole in the same plate in which the food was kept.  I have forgotten Khandasi made a hole in the same plate in which the food was kept.  I have forgotten how much favour I am doing you, brother Tamizho, shut up how much favour I am doing you, brother Tamizho, shut up how much favour I am doing you, brother Tamizho, shut up brother, shut up.  That bastard My father is not an inspector sahab, how can I get it done My father is not an inspector sahab, how can I get it done My father is not an inspector sahab, how can I get it done and my mother got my Aadhar card made and went to the block, I and my mother got my Aadhar card made and went to the block, I and my mother got my Aadhar card made and went to the block, I met you, you are a fool, if you think I will not give you anything, you should have met you, you are a fool, if you think I will not give you anything, you should have met you, you are a fool, if you think I will not give you anything, you should have told me the full Rs 5000 in advance, okay, we will settle the case in the police station itself. full Rs 5000 in advance, okay, we will settle the case in the police station itself. Money and power are interfering.  Old man is the opposite case Money and power are interfering.  Old man is the opposite case Money and power are interfering.  Old man is the opposite case and yes why not?  The law and yes why not?  The law and yes why not?  The law is equal for everyone.  Come, someday the police station will file such a case is equal for everyone.  Come, someday the police station will file such a case is equal for everyone.  Come, someday the police station will file such a case against the Sardar that the Sardar will call him father and the against the Sardar that the Sardar will call him father and the against the Sardar that the Sardar will call him father and the case is always false. case is always false. case is always false. Hey Khijabada, Hey Khijabada, Hey Khijabada, you are not giving me any money.  Such that I take over all the police stations.  But I should you are not giving me any money.  Such that I take over all the police stations.  But I should you are not giving me any money.  Such that I take over all the police stations.  But I should destroy those bloody Sardars.  The peacock hurts me a lot. destroy those bloody Sardars.  The peacock hurts me a lot. Okay, come to the police station.  It will cost ₹00.  Okay, Okay, come to the police station.  It will cost ₹00.  Okay, Okay, come to the police station.  It will cost ₹00.  Okay, okay.  The bastard scolds the thief butcher, he okay.  The bastard scolds the thief butcher, he okay.  The bastard scolds the thief butcher, he hits us and then files a case against us, it hits us and then files a case against us, it hits us and then files a case against us, it means no good to the world, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, go straight to the girl's side, the means no good to the world, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, go straight to the girl's side, the boy's side, let's go in the morning at 11 o'clock, don't stop everyone, take the road, if you like, then don't take it, then boy's side, let's go in the morning at 11 o'clock, don't stop everyone, take the road, if you like, then don't take it, then boy's side, let's go in the morning at 11 o'clock, don't stop everyone, take the road, if you like, then don't take it, then oh ho, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, go ... oh ho, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, go ... friend, leave the friend, leave the friend, leave the way friend, people fuck me, give me way friend, people fuck me, give me way friend, people fuck me, give me 2500, 2500, 2500, okay, let's leave it, hey, hey, okay, let's leave it, hey, hey, okay, let's leave it, hey, hey, we are talking, we are treasure hunters, let's run away from the police, what should I do now, let's go, let's go, hunters, let's run away from the police, what should I do now, let's go, let's go, hunters, let's run away from the police, what should I do now, let's go, let's go, tension, just give me the boat, yes, yes, boat, yes, yes, wait, this chatter, patter, horse, where do I have the horse, let's get it done, talk wait, this chatter, patter, horse, where do I have the horse, let's get it done, talk system, whether you agree or not, I am your guest, open system, whether you agree or not, I am your guest, open system, whether you agree or not, I am your guest, open sky, the drain is already there, the crow should go ahead, the sky, the drain is already there, the crow should go ahead, the sky, the drain is already there, the crow should go ahead, the cream is playing, aunt, hey Tamijo hot, Tamijo hot, Tamijo hot, here the girl is a girl, eyes, here the girl is a girl, eyes, here the girl is a girl, eyes, old man, so, old man, so, old man, so, son, Tami, you are hot, do your work, do your work, you know, you should son, Tami, you are hot, do your work, do your work, you know, you should enjoy, then this enjoy, then this enjoy, then this breakfast plate is already there, I will never enter into a breakfast plate is already there, I will never enter into a breakfast plate is already there, I will never enter into a relationship, relationship, relationship, friend, it's nothing hot, just a little relationship, I do friend, it's nothing hot, just a little relationship, I do friend, it's nothing hot, just a little relationship, I do n't need it, n't need it, n't need it, son, Tami, at least one girl, the son, Tami, at least one girl, the son, Tami, at least one girl, the girl was from Dwarka, girl was from Dwarka, girl was from Dwarka, chill chill chill [laughs] friend, will I get married or not, friend, hey, hey, hey, [laughs] friend, will I get married or not, friend, hey, hey, hey, [laughs] friend, will I get married or not, friend, hey, hey, hey, what a good walk, what a good hair, and what what a good walk, what a good hair, and what what a good walk, what a good hair, and what kind of girl, what good cheeks, kind of girl, what good cheeks, kind of girl, what good cheeks, hey, you are looking for one girl after another, go to Makhani and lie down Makhani and lie down Makhani and lie down Brother, then the Brother, then the Brother, then the metal is also Holi wala metal is also Holi wala metal is also Holi wala so clean Sakhni Dakte Dakte, I feel like should I get married married married yes then okay then give Makhani, ask, ask, listen Makhani, listen Makhani, listen Makhani, if the boy is angry then the boy will run away okay so the if the boy is angry then the boy will run away okay so the if the boy is angry then the boy will run away okay so the boy said kajal tikka, you like the boy very much then boy said kajal tikka, you like the boy very much then boy said kajal tikka, you like the boy very much then marry him then you liked the boy, the boy marry him then you liked the boy, the boy marry him then you liked the boy, the boy auditioned so what should I think, grandson auditioned so what should I think, grandson auditioned so what should I think, grandson I like this boy I like this boy I like this boy wow what a smile wow what a smile wow what a smile yes so the girl's full support is that yes so the girl's full support is that yes so the girl's full support is that tell your guardian and take the matter forward tell your guardian and take the matter forward tell your guardian and take the matter forward yes yes okay okay let's get the number in the conversation let's get the number let's get the yes yes okay okay let's get the number in the conversation let's get the number let's get the number let's take the number let's take the number let's take the matter forward matter forward matter forward yes go hey Nunu you don't like looks you are not of a good family you hey Nunu you don't like looks you are not of a good family you hey Nunu you don't like looks you are not of a good family you say tea or oh paji you say ugly clothes say tea or oh paji you say ugly clothes say tea or oh paji you say ugly clothes you are not right to roam around aunt it's not right I will you are not right to roam around aunt it's not right I will you are not right to roam around aunt it's not right I will sometimes tell you otherwise I will get myself into trouble from sometimes tell you otherwise I will get myself into trouble from sometimes tell you otherwise I will get myself into trouble from today I will go for a week now I will today I will go for a week now I will today I will go for a week now I will change my clothes I swear I will go for a week till I find the perfect girl I am very worried about my till I find the perfect girl I am very worried about my till I find the perfect girl I am very worried about my daughter but she is daughter but she is daughter but she is not my mother-in-law  It should be, it should not be, he is not my mother-in-law  It should be, it should not be, he is not my mother-in-law  It should be, it should not be, he is not able to get the move done every day My daughter, not able to get the move done every day My daughter, not able to get the move done every day My daughter, that is not a problem Nan, there is only an that is not a problem Nan, there is only an that is not a problem Nan, there is only an old father downstairs And then no one is old father downstairs And then no one is old father downstairs And then no one is injured due to illness Now at least my daughter, rule the land injured due to illness Now at least my daughter, rule the land injured due to illness Now at least my daughter, rule the land Daughter, I am here [ Music] Oh my daughter, see that he likes Khijra O Paaji, the girl is very nice, friend I will he likes Khijra O Paaji, the girl is very nice, friend I will he likes Khijra O Paaji, the girl is very nice, friend I will like you, like you, like you, daughter Do you like Flirtaabji, not a boy, then from the past daughter Do you like Flirtaabji, not a boy, then from the past Yes, Yes, Yes, congratulations, Paaji, my relationship is final congratulations, Paaji, my relationship is final congratulations, Paaji, my relationship is final What happened friend, brother, you have a lot of power Let's talk, What happened friend, brother, you have a lot of power Let's talk, What happened friend, brother, you have a lot of power Let's talk, congratulations, move away, move away Yes, the more congratulations, move away, move away Yes, the more shampoo you use, the more hands we shake Hey shampoo you use, the more hands we shake Hey shampoo you use, the more hands we shake Hey Babu, you are talking, okay, okay, okay, go ahead, Babu, you are talking, okay, okay, okay, go ahead, mother, Meena, the boy is with me, I love you, I love you, I will give mother, Meena, the boy is with me, I love you, I love you, I will give you my love in the form of a love story, you my love in the form of a love story, you my love in the form of a love story, now get married Flirtaabji I have no manners, then I have found out the truth found out the truth found out the truth Well, Well, Well, son, son, son, play chaat Bismillah, eat it play chaat Bismillah, eat it play chaat Bismillah, eat it [Voice of singing a song] I will bring a chair, brother, let's eat it, [Voice of singing a song] I will bring a chair, brother, let's eat it, let's eat it let's eat it let's eat it Eat quickly Eat slowly Just give me the Eat quickly Eat slowly Just give me the Eat quickly Eat slowly Just give me the boat brother Boat, leave the treasure boat brother Boat, leave the treasure Yes [Music] Tell me Tamizho why are you I Yes [Music] Tell me Tamizho why are you I Yes [Music] Tell me Tamizho why are you I like girls But this is one girl 5 lakh like girls But this is one girl 5 lakh like girls But this is one girl 5 lakh rupees The rest is all a little talk [Music] Finaly come on rupees The rest is all a little talk [Music] Finaly come on rupees The rest is all a little talk [Music] Finaly come on Baba tell me the rest I know I am muddy It is Baba tell me the rest I know I am muddy It is Baba tell me the rest I know I am muddy It is raining So I think your courtyard is rattling I will raining So I think your courtyard is rattling I will raining So I think your courtyard is rattling I will try to kiss Uncle Di Yes I like you I consider you mine try to kiss Uncle Di Yes I like you I consider you mine You refuse I don't need to ask I have a big heart You refuse I don't need to ask I have a big heart O Khalu I have one thing in my heart Friend's talk O Khalu I have one thing in my heart Friend's talk O Khalu I have one thing in my heart Friend's talk Son tell me this My Son tell me this My Son tell me this My Tamizho is my brother You have done a lot for me Tamizho is my brother You have done a lot for me Tamizho is my brother You have done a lot for me So it is my duty And if you do something for me So it is my duty And if you do something for me So it is my duty And if you do something for me I will think Tamizho I will try to marry you well I will think Tamizho I will try to marry you well I will think Tamizho I will try to marry you well I am not out of the loop Son From my side I am not out of the loop Son From my side I am not out of the loop Son From my side yes Tamizho and son-in-law Then I will ask myself yes Tamizho and son-in-law Then I will ask myself Thi Mohabbat Te Dil [Song voice] Te Dil [Song voice] Te Dil [Song voice] Rani Main to [Song voice] Dil Raja Khaali to [Music] Thi mor [Song voice] Mohabbat Dil Rani [Music] Dil Rani [Music] Dil Rani [Music] I am the king of my heart I am the king of my heart I am the king of my heart empty [Music] Jiha empty [Music] Jiha empty [Music] Jiha Mor Mohabbat Mor Mohabbat Mor Mohabbat Dil Raja Dil Raja Dil Raja I am the queen of my heart empty [Music] I am the queen of my heart empty [Music] Jeena Marna Jeena Marna Jeena Marna [Song voice] [Music] [Song voice] [Music] [Song voice] [Music] Chova Pa Sab Chale [Music] Pa Sab Chale [Music] Pa Sab Chale [Music] [Song voice] Shree [Music] I am going to listen [Music] I heard the heard the heard the whole world's whole world's whole world's sorrow [Song voice] [Music] If you go out one day my love [Music] Then remember, sorrow [Song voice] [Music] If you go out one day my love [Music] Then remember, think of me think of me [Music] [Music] [Song voice] [Music] If you go out to live and die live and die live and die without without without getting me [Music] [Song voice] Let's go [Music] my love, otherwise I wo n't be able to get you married Hey girl, get down, hey boy, Hey girl, get down, hey boy, Hey girl, get down, hey boy, where are you roaming around with my daughter, you beat me and where are you roaming around with my daughter, you beat me and where are you roaming around with my daughter, you beat me and give me bhang, boy, I don't know about the boy  That I, the give me bhang, boy, I don't know about the boy  That I, the give me bhang, boy, I don't know about the boy  That I, the son of Guru Maa, am going to get my daughter married, don't son of Guru Maa, am going to get my daughter married, don't hang around my daughter's house today. If I saw you doing this, I hang around my daughter's house today. If I saw you doing this, I hang around my daughter's house today. If I saw you doing this, I left left left Oh Pappi ji, don't apply oil, friend, I Oh Pappi ji, don't apply oil, friend, I Oh Pappi ji, don't apply oil, friend, I heard my grandmother saying, Bhabhi, Bhabhi, heard my grandmother saying, Bhabhi, Bhabhi, heard my grandmother saying, Bhabhi, Bhabhi, wherever you feel like, apply oil, it's going to stop you [Music] wherever you feel like, apply oil, it's going to stop you [Music] wherever you feel like, apply oil, it's going to stop you [Music] Look, I'll drop my nose [Voice of the song] and apply the pot and apply the pot [Voice of the song] yes [Voice of the song] [Voice of the song] yes [Voice of the song] [Voice of the song] yes [Voice of the song] Bata reo re marna jalmari re saari re mola bari re bari re mare sa re Bata reo re marna jalmari re saari re mola bari re bari re mare sa re Bata reo re marna jalmari re saari re mola bari re bari re mare sa re moh ra so hey full video if you have seen till here then full video if you have seen till here then full video if you have seen till here then like the video and leave lovely comments like the video and leave lovely comments like the video and leave lovely comments and share the full video with your friends and share the full video with your friends and brother, this is a new thing, so and brother, this is a new thing, so and brother, this is a new thing, so subscribe to our channel and part four you should subscribe to our channel and part four you should subscribe to our channel and part four you should comment as much as possible comment as much as possible comment as much as possible and yes, if you read some comments then you are going to and yes, if you read some comments then you are going to and yes, if you read some comments then you are going to read some excellent and read some excellent and read some excellent and best comments best comments best comments so first comment chok name chok friend first I do so first comment chok name chok friend first I do so first comment chok name chok friend first I do n't know about last Irfan so Irfan Bhai n't know about last Irfan so Irfan Bhai n't know about last Irfan so Irfan Bhai comment chok Afroz Bhai you have comment chok Afroz Bhai you have comment chok Afroz Bhai you have shaken the system friend love you brother love you like this shaken the system friend love you brother love you like this shaken the system friend love you brother love you like this Thank you from the heart for commenting and the second one is Thank you from the heart for commenting and the second one is Thank you from the heart for commenting and the second one is Munasir Alam Afroz Bhai, what a video you have made, it's Munasir Alam Afroz Bhai, what a video you have made, it's Munasir Alam Afroz Bhai, what a video you have made, it's amazing brother, I amazing brother, I amazing brother, I love you brother and the third one is Aakash 100 Ulu Lulu love you brother and the third one is Aakash 100 Ulu Lulu love you brother and the third one is Aakash 100 Ulu Lulu Bhai's acting as a police officer is awesome, thank you, thank Bhai's acting as a police officer is awesome, thank you, thank Bhai's acting as a police officer is awesome, thank you, thank you brother you brother you brother and the fourth one is Margub Alam Bhai, brother, I and the fourth one is Margub Alam Bhai, brother, I and the fourth one is Margub Alam Bhai, brother, I watch your every video from the beginning, watch your every video from the beginning, watch your every video from the beginning, take my name, my name is Margub take my name, my name is Margub take my name, my name is Margub from Kulamani, the name of the locality is better than Kulamani from Kulamani, the name of the locality is better than Kulamani from Kulamani, the name of the locality is better than Kulamani [laughs] brother, I have taken your name and [laughs] brother, I have taken your name and [laughs] brother, I have taken your name and thank you from the heart for commenting, thank you from the heart for commenting, thank you from the heart for commenting, keep commenting like this and the fifth one is MD Rubeez keep commenting like this and the fifth one is MD Rubeez keep commenting like this and the fifth one is MD Rubeez Afroz Bhai, the video is very good and Afroz Bhai, the video is very good and Afroz Bhai, the video is very good and Ulu's acting is also amazing in it, but Ulu's acting is also amazing in it, but Ulu's acting is also amazing in it, but why is the video being uploaded after 5-six months, why is the video being uploaded after 5-six months, why is the video being uploaded after 5-six months, brother, why are you doing this and I brother, why are you doing this and I brother, why are you doing this and I asked in the video, Pokcha Bhai, well Pokcha Bhai is asked in the video, Pokcha Bhai, well Pokcha Bhai is not visible anywhere at all.  What is the matter. not visible anywhere at all.  What is the matter. not visible anywhere at all.  What is the matter. You will see me very soon.  You guys please You will see me very soon.  You guys please You will see me very soon.  You guys please wait a little more.  We are also very worried.   I still wait a little more.  We are also very worried.   I still wait a little more.  We are also very worried.   I still miss you a lot. miss you a lot. miss you a lot. Sixth is Parvez Parwaz.  Afroz Bhai is a Sixth is Parvez Parwaz.  Afroz Bhai is a Sixth is Parvez Parwaz.  Afroz Bhai is a very good director of Seemanchal.  Thank you very good director of Seemanchal.  Thank you very good director of Seemanchal.  Thank you brother.  Thanks.  Thank you. brother.  Thanks.  Thank you. brother.  Thanks.  Thank you. And the seventh one is Zeeshan Blog.  You are not taking my name. And the seventh one is Zeeshan Blog.  You are not taking my name. And the seventh one is Zeeshan Blog.  You are not taking my name. Afroz Bhai, when you did not take my name, Afroz Bhai, when you did not take my name, Afroz Bhai, when you did not take my name, I got angry and wondered whether my I got angry and wondered whether my I got angry and wondered whether my comment was so bad?  No brother, no, I have comment was so bad?  No brother, no, I have comment was so bad?  No brother, no, I have taken it brother, this time there is no taken it brother, this time there is no taken it brother, this time there is no reason for you to feel bad brother. reason for you to feel bad brother. reason for you to feel bad brother. Keep commenting like this brother, brother, Keep commenting like this brother, brother, Keep commenting like this brother, brother, I am from Nepal but I watch each and every video of yours, I like it I am from Nepal but I watch each and every video of yours, I like it I am from Nepal but I watch each and every video of yours, I like it very much.  Thank you very much.  Thank you very much.  Thank you brother, I love Nepal.   Thank brother, I love Nepal.   Thank brother, I love Nepal.   Thank you. you. you. So just So just So just press the comment button as much as you can for part four and next time press the comment button as much as you can for part four and next time press the comment button as much as you can for part four and next time we will bring something even stronger than this we will bring something even stronger than this we will bring something even stronger than this and we will pick the best comment from the one who has the best comment, and we will pick the best comment from the one who has the best comment, and we will pick the best comment from the one who has the best comment, so you guys so you guys try to comment as much as possible and tell us how you liked this video, whether you liked it try to comment as much as possible and tell us how you liked this video, whether you liked it try to comment as much as possible and tell us how you liked this video, whether you liked it or not, whatever you felt, please or not, whatever you felt, please or not, whatever you felt, please fill in your opinion in the comment section.