I'm thrifting with me. Something about I'm thrifting with me. Something about I'm thrifting with me. Something about wearing used socks is just so comforting wearing used socks is just so comforting wearing used socks is just so comforting to me. And they had the best sock to me. And they had the best sock to me. And they had the best sock selection here. This place is literally selection here. This place is literally selection here. This place is literally the size of three football fields. My the size of three football fields. My the size of three football fields. My first non-sock find of the day was these first non-sock find of the day was these first non-sock find of the day was these gorgeous palm tree embroidered jeans. gorgeous palm tree embroidered jeans. gorgeous palm tree embroidered jeans. And then I found this beautiful floral And then I found this beautiful floral And then I found this beautiful floral blouse. I don't know what baddie donated blouse. I don't know what baddie donated blouse. I don't know what baddie donated every single one of her fairy tops, but every single one of her fairy tops, but every single one of her fairy tops, but they genuinely just kept going. And then they genuinely just kept going. And then they genuinely just kept going. And then I found these adorable Victoria's Secret I found these adorable Victoria's Secret I found these adorable Victoria's Secret mini shorts. There were so many purses, mini shorts. There were so many purses, mini shorts. There were so many purses, I got overwhelmed. I ended back up in I got overwhelmed. I ended back up in I got overwhelmed. I ended back up in the sock section. I thought that these the sock section. I thought that these the sock section. I thought that these floral mini shorts were so adorable. floral mini shorts were so adorable. floral mini shorts were so adorable. They were just way too long for a girl They were just way too long for a girl They were just way too long for a girl like me. I honestly think that some of like me. I honestly think that some of like me. I honestly think that some of this thrift store was curated. Because this thrift store was curated. Because this thrift store was curated. Because what do you mean that there are this what do you mean that there are this what do you mean that there are this many good tops just sitting in a row? many good tops just sitting in a row? many good tops just sitting in a row? Then I found these adorable fold-over Then I found these adorable fold-over Then I found these adorable fold-over denim shorts. I don't know who the denim shorts. I don't know who the denim shorts. I don't know who the Packers are, but I love this pink Packers are, but I love this pink Packers are, but I love this pink jersey. I wasn't really finding anything jersey. I wasn't really finding anything jersey. I wasn't really finding anything else that good. Every time I find myself else that good. Every time I find myself else that good. Every time I find myself getting tired of thrifting, I make my getting tired of thrifting, I make my getting tired of thrifting, I make my way back over to the shoe and sock way back over to the shoe and sock way back over to the shoe and sock section to get a whiff. Now I'm feeling section to get a whiff. Now I'm feeling section to get a whiff. Now I'm feeling refreshed and satisfied with my refreshed and satisfied with my refreshed and satisfied with my thrifting experience.