Brother, this is what I need.  Drive him away right now. Brother, this is what I need.  Drive him away right now. Brother, this is what I need.  Drive him away right now. So this is that insect catcher.  And can it really So this is that insect catcher.  And can it really So this is that insect catcher.  And can it really catch insects?  Come let's catch insects?  Come let's catch insects?  Come let's test it.  So sometimes you see test it.  So sometimes you see test it.  So sometimes you see such small insects come into our room. such small insects come into our room. such small insects come into our room. Then the insects arrive.  And now Then the insects arrive.  And now Then the insects arrive.  And now if I have to chase it away, it will if I have to chase it away, it will if I have to chase it away, it will not run away.  He will have to be killed and not run away.  He will have to be killed and not run away.  He will have to be killed and killing doesn't feel good, friend.  So now let's try killing doesn't feel good, friend.  So now let's try killing doesn't feel good, friend.  So now let's try holding it with this.  So look here, we have to holding it with this.  So look here, we have to holding it with this.  So look here, we have to put this on top of this [music].  And put this on top of this [music].  And put this on top of this [music].  And look here, there is a big magnifying look here, there is a big magnifying look here, there is a big magnifying glass installed with the help of which I am able to glass installed with the help of which I am able to glass installed with the help of which I am able to see it in a much bigger size.  And see it in a much bigger size.  And see it in a much bigger size.  And from here it has to be closed like this.  And this from here it has to be closed like this.  And this from here it has to be closed like this.  And this is our insect closed.  And look is our insect closed.  And look is our insect closed.  And look friend, this insect is trapped inside it. friend, this insect is trapped inside it. friend, this insect is trapped inside it. And now let's leave it outside.  So now let's And now let's leave it outside.  So now let's And now let's leave it outside.  So now let's leave it here like this.  And leave it here like this.  And leave it here like this.  And look, it's gone. look, it's gone. look, it's gone. So yes, according to me, this is a So yes, according to me, this is a So yes, according to me, this is a very good thing.  It is worth the money in my very good thing.  It is worth the money in my very good thing.  It is worth the money in my opinion.