cling day I'm going to buy you a shop. I don't know if you can buy a shop. I'll buy you a shop. Daddy, for you! Thank you! Wow! Thank you! Welcome to China Llam and Charlie Mikers. This is a big shop. We have a lot of online shops. We have a lot of food. So you used to're likeclock? I'm trying now A lot of people buy Chinese cune hots right. Maybe there some things to hold only in my everyday life. I think you'll buy me some withsmiles. But I didn't look forward to being in some of ths shop. I've been learning Chinese since I was a postdoc and I worked as aaged lawyer. Wow I don't know why we have to do this I don't know I don't know I don't know how to use an order I don't know how to use an order I can't believe we are going to be able to get a product from the beginning Like this We are going to have a shift to get the product I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know Let's see I don't know Vans of the Wall I don't know what you mean Vans I don't know I don't know Vans of the Wall I don't know I don't know I don't know Vans of the Wall I don't know I don't know I don't know We can't tell We don't know So, we are going to have a I can give you six hundred You can spend many hundred but do you pay a couple of dollar? twelve plus price you love Filipinas and you serve Filipinas If you check local Islam you pay half dollar but one person would sign to do it This is how I got here And I am now here We are just up here at Chinera They're out here because I'd already met them It´s a close ups Every day we are on The Shebibi But in the future we are going through this and open its food, thanks to the cost of delivery I had aBookiel , M Short and size Hoover I don't even Want to have food It can to come to the store this is a very very secretary because when here is the slide, then you will always use the push slide you could use a beige when you do that you really really how to go I used the preventing one it's a lot of water proof it's a lot of water proof I will put it in water proof water proof is good water proof is good it's a lot of water proof I will put it in water proof I will put it in water proof it's a lot of water proof it's a lot of water proof I have a lot of water proof water proof is good I will put it in water proof it's a lot of water proof it's not water proof it's water proof it's water proof water proof is good water proof is good water proof is good babibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibib bibibibibibibibibibib bibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibib bibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibibbibibibibibibib we just anything oh and that's this baby it's already just your life if you have a video found on that website it will be for all you subscribers thanks to all you subscribers and.. our loyalty here is subscribe if you want any other video rocks all over the world Kry Mirami if you want to find a video you can just click on it it will be subscribe because it is a channel is available on all creatures if you want to find that theme type of bike All my supporters assign me to bike My Year 2 baby! My year3 one song is not brought up We send them more mentions and that's why my Junior 1 plays My Year 2 k Chi has only killign our my Hitman and she tour Her Adaia K But my Year 2 baby! On me it will work my months and months