T T There ain't no grave can hold my body down. There ain't no grave can hold my body down. When I hear that trumpet sound, I'm on a rise right out of the ground. Ain't no grave can hold my body down. Here's to my health. I think as a culture we don't like to think about our own mortality. We don't like to think about the dying process. That's normal. It's not a bad thing. None of us want to die today, right? We all want to live good, long, healthy, happy lives. But we all are going to die. The good news is we all have an excellent prognosis. Our chances of living into the 70s and 80s is quite high. And that's different than how it's been through much of history and in most parts of the world until recently, until the past 100 years or so. Really the past 50. And many of my patients tell me Alzheimer's is a fate worse than death. I don't want to die that way. I said I would rather just die of something earlier. Ain't no grave can hold my body down. We have to find the cure. Failure is not an option. I don't want that jacket in there. How are you doing? He loves this jacket. It's like 100 years old. That's a good one. Yeah. I think you had that when we were dating. Maybe so. And that's like 41 years ago, right? Is that the jacket you wore when we went? You went up in the balloon. Was that the jacket you wore or was it black? All right, you ready? Yeah. Okay. It was really gradual for us. I've always said Pat's been a little bit of a space cadet, so it was a little harder to notice, you know. All right, which arm do you want me to borrow? This one I guess. He was a newspaper editor and reporter for 30, 35 years, and he just couldn't organize everything. And I was just, we were devastated. And the kids love us and embrace us, but it's just, you feel like we're maybe harder to be around at times, you know. Okay. Repeat after me. Apple, table, penny. Apple. Apple. Red. Yeah, it's hard, you know, when you've done all those things already, you know, and it felt, I felt like I was... I think he feels like he is letting us down, but he can't help it. No. You know, it's, you're not. Don't start crying. If you do this, we'll both just go into it. Yeah. We'll be jello. Apple, table, penny. When our grandchildren are middle-aged, our world will be a place we can only imagine. Today, there are more people over 80 than ever before. In 2050, there will be 32 million seniors, triple what it is today. The good news is, if we live that long, that's wonderful. The bad news is that one out of every two of us will have Alzheimer's disease. I think the problem is that in the old days, meaning before 10 years ago, people got a lot of heart attacks, cancer, people were smoking. A lot of people just didn't live long enough to get it. People are living longer. It's pretty obvious. We see it all around us, you know. 75 isn't old anymore. I just had a patient of mine die yesterday, and I've had the same thing for a long time. My mom died yesterday, and I've had the sad experience of having the children of my Alzheimer's patients come down with Alzheimer's. And if I do this long enough, it could happen that a granddaughter would get one of these early onset forms of Alzheimer's. The budget for the care of all Alzheimer's patients, at the point at which all baby mores have retired, will be equal to the defense budget today. There is a tsunami that is arriving. Climate change is an inconvenient truth. So is the aging of the world and all of the chronic diseases associated with that. The most expensive and the most dramatic is Alzheimer's. Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry. This oil is good for sciatica, good for the gout, and good for the old man when he's in a pout. If you've got that tired feeling, it'll fill you with vim. Girls, it'll give you that gleam when you're looking at him. Good for the feet, hair, eyes, nose, and throat. Good for the temper when something's getting your goat. Good for liver, lumbago, lungs, and legs. We sell it by the bottle. They used to sell it by kegs. So hurry, hurry, hurry. Don't let it spoil. I'm talking about that sensational stupendous, gigantic, dixie sunshine oil. It's not easy to develop drugs for any disease. All the easy stuff has been done. You inject penicillin into somebody with pneumococcal pneumonia, and you get better quickly. You don't need a big clinical trial that takes three years to show that penicillin treats pneumonia. And the hard stuff is what remains. I mean, people have been trying to find effective treatments for pancreatic cancer or lung cancer for 100 years. No one's ever done this before. Nobody's come up with the medication for Alzheimer's. If it were easy, somebody would have done it a long time ago. The disease is named after Dr. Alois Alzheimer, a German psychiatrist who was working with a 51-year-old patient who had been institutionalized with an unknown mental illness that included memory loss, language problems, and unpredictable behavior. What's the matter? What's the matter? What's the matter? What's the matter? What's the matter? What's the matter? August. What's the matter? August is not right. What's the matter? I don't know. I don't know. The defrau leaves themselves in stock. What's the matter? The defrau leaves by their own. I can't believe it. The defrau leaves are made of the tangle. The plaques are made of this amyloid protein. The tangles are made of this tau protein. So these are the two culprits in the disease. The current thinking in the field is that the plaque probably gets laid down in the brain first. The plaques are actually outside the nerve cell, are toxic to the nerve cells in that region. The tangles are formed of this tau protein, destroys the internal functioning of the nerve cell, and it dies, its neighbor dies, its neighbor dies, then a person becomes forgetful. Ever since 1906 there has been a debate. Is it the amyloid or the tau protein which lead to the symptoms of memory failure? There are a lot of things going on in the brain that cause the memory loss. In addition to the amyloid and the tau, there's, you know, vascular changes in the brain, there's inflammation, there's a lot of other factors. Amyloid is clearly part of the puzzle. It's not the whole thing. And we should stop fighting about whether it's amyloid or its tau or its inflammation. It's clearly lots of these and interactions between these. But we should go after what we can see and what we can treat and what the genetic evidence points to, which is overwhelmingly amyloid. This is science. He experiments with materials and learns how to take them apart and put them together in different ways, which help us to live better. Because if you're a true scientist, failure is a way of life. If failure is not a way of life, you're fooling yourself. Think about what we'll say 50 to 100 years from now. It's going to look cute. It'll be either dead wrong or completely revised. So I tell my students all the time, allow in the privacy of your own head to freely associate and extrapolate to the point of absurdity. Nobody's watching, no one's monitoring what you're thinking. That's just yours. You can be as much of an idiot as you want, but go for it in your own head and come up with the best possible ideas you can. Now, as excited about it as you are, you have only one job, and that's to bash it and crush it and show it's wrong. But you might get something, just one little thread of truth. And if at the end of the day you have enough little threads and you make a little tiny swatch of tapestry of truth and you leave that behind when you die, that's still doing way more than most scientists have done, who are married to a hypothesis and just insisting it's right and serving ego rather than serving the actual science. Figuring out a mystery, I think neurologists are all about puzzles and mysteries and trying to figure that out, and there's something very alluring about that, and you bring that passion home with you. There's no turning it off. I would go ahead and I'd put in 16-hour days. I would be working until 4.30, 5 in the morning, leave a little note, you know, call me at 10 a.m. I have to get in, my experiment's running. And, you know, wake up four hours later with the telephone call, change, run in there, work another 16 hours, do that seven days a week. This is funny. Some of my best early achievements, for whatever reason, always happen on a holiday. Ron DeMottos was a postdoctoral fellow in my lab doing research, and we were brainstorming about how to figure out what might control amyloid beta metabolism in the body. We started working on it in 1999. In the early days, we were really always just trying to inhibit, right? Block the function. Instead of trying to hit polio or measles, you know, could we go ahead and engineer an antibody, let's say, for Alzheimer's? Our rationale is if we inject this antibody, the antibody would bind to the amyloid protein and somehow develop a response against one of the core proteins that we think is underlies Alzheimer's and those plaques. The idea is our bodies do a great job of clearing the plaque, but something happens in your fourth or fifth decade where you're just not clearing it as well. The analogy I would use is it's a vacuum cleaner. It just sucks up this bad protein, this A beta, and gets rid of it. And so we ended up licensing that idea to Lilly, and that antibody ultimately was turned into a humanized antibody, and that became solenuzumab. I got interested in medicine at an early age. I grew up in a small town in Kansas. My role model was the most ethical, principled, hardest-working person I knew, which was the family doctor in this town. And when my father had a heart attack at age 44, I got interested in cardiology. But after that, I moved into Alzheimer's disease or neurodegeneration, and so I investigated a bit about my genetics, and it turned out that I had not one, but two copies of a gene that put me at increased risk for Alzheimer's disease. In fact, markedly increased risk about that, which was a big surprise since dementia hadn't really run in my family. It's a privilege to develop medicines for other people, but developing them for yourself is an interesting thought as well. I actually grew up in Cincinnati, Ohio, but my dad is a Hoosier. He's from Indiana. What is a Hoosier? A Hoosier, I don't know. Actually, I'm not sure that anybody knows. No, Daddy! I grew up in a house of all girls. And my mom grew in a house of all girls, and I ended up in a house of all boys. I'm not sure quite how that happened. Karma. Karma, but I wouldn't have it any other way. If I took this job in, let's see, August, and six months later, my dad was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. And then shortly after that, my father-in-law was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. And we lost my father-in-law in September of 2014 to Alzheimer's disease. My boys actually cared for their grandparents instead of their grandparents caring for them. I'll be you in a Russelline day. You're hilarious. I know I am. We moved back to Lebanon, Indiana, my husband's hometown, to care for his parents because they were ill. I'm 10 hours away from my parents there in North Carolina, so my sister does most of the caregiving there, and I spend most of my time feeling guilty that I'm so far away. I love what I'm doing. I've been here 21 years. I can't imagine doing anything else but Alzheimer's disease. I still remember, actually, I was a senior in high school taking our health class. And there was a short little piece in the textbook that said they had discovered this new thing for Parkinson's disease, and it was called L-DOPA. And you may remember the movie Awakenings. That was the topic of that. I can't read anymore. I can't keep my eyes on one place. I can't find my third beginning. I can't read anything. I've let everybody down. No. I have. I've let you down. No, you have not. I have. I have. I'm grotesque. You are not. It's not true. I'm grotesque. I am. Look at me. Look at me. Tell me I'm not. Tell me I'm not. And I just thought, if you can take something as complicated as a brain and figure out that kind of potent therapy, that's just terrific. But I do remember thinking at the time, well, it sounds like they've got Parkinson's all figured out, so I'll have to do something else. And at about the same time, my father-in-law first started having a little bit of memory loss. My wife's mother has got more advanced Alzheimer's now. She was diagnosed about four years ago. And my wife, actually just this month, she's a physician. She's an emergency physician at the children's hospital, stopped working so she could help take care of her. So it's a personal thing. From very early on, I know that I like math, but I also want to do applied math. So I wanted to apply my mathematical skills into a field where I can solve real-world problems. My husband's grandmother, Warfa, did not recognize him anymore. Actually, that was the first time I heard about Alzheimer's disease. There's not much awareness in China, and I am very happy that now I'm able to personally do something about it. Hong and other statisticians are responsible for the data results of clinical trials. All drugs must pass through three clinical phases. Phase one is simply getting the drug into a human being without any toxic side effects, oftentimes using different doses to understand how the drug is handled by the body. Does it last? Does it get cleared quickly? Does it get to the target of interest? Phase two is when the drug is administered to a small patient population, where it's evaluated if the drug is effective, and where scientists determine what dosage they want to test in patients in a much larger phase three trial. In Solanazumab's case, thousands of people will be tested in order to look at what clinical benefits and data targets are met across the entire patient population. We collect data from any given patient at multiple time points, at multiple ways to ask questions about that patient's safety or how the patient is feeling. We're talking about tens of thousands of data points just for one scale, if not hundreds of thousands of data points. We're participating in a study. We don't know if he's taking a placebo or a half or a full dose of the drug, but we're doing something. We meet with like four different people. They're all wonderful. Oh, yeah. We spend three to four hours here. One of the things that I always have problems with is I'll be reading a book or something like that, and then all of a sudden it just kind of stops, you know, or it, and then I have to try to get it. I know it's there, but I can't get it. Once you've seen Alzheimer's disease and somebody you love, it's never the same. And... You? Yes, I have. So my grandfather actually started developing symptoms at the time I was thinking about going back to medical school. I was pretty close to my grandfather always had been, and at the time I didn't know it was Alzheimer's disease. It was called hardening of the arteries, and I really thought that I was going to do something about it before the next generation got hit, but my dad was diagnosed almost two years ago now. He didn't know my kids when they came to visit him this summer, and I was really... I'm sorry. That was hard. I know that's stupid. I'm getting emotional about this still, and I just... What do you mean that's stupid? What are you supposed to do? I know. I just... I feel like after talking about this so many times, that I would get immune to it, but I don't think I am. Immune to life? Immune to the feeling of irony that I can't do anything to help my dad, even though I'm supposedly a leading researcher in this field, but I can't help him at all. That's really hard. So, I'm sorry. You might not want to film this part. Solanazumab initially, well, that had to be what's called humanized. It had to be turned into a human form. After you've done a lot of safety work in primates and also mice, rats, to make sure that it's safe to do that. You know, a study may be four or five years, one study. I knew that there were people who'd been working on it for five years, for eight years, for 20 years. We had two Solanazumab studies, phase three studies that were going on at the same time, but they were a little bit staggered in timing. And so one study was ending about six weeks before the other study. So while we were waiting for those papers to arrive, it was pretty stressful and everybody was pretty keyed up. Twenty slides, a fairly small table with probably a screen that was maybe three feet by two feet. This was raw data. When that has happened, then they lock the database. Nothing is going in. Nothing is coming out. And that's what you hear when you talk about the cave. That's the sequestered location for the team, where these batches of data start coming in and the scientists begin to do their analyses. And we had an SEC obligation to make sure that they were kept quiet. Can you tell your family? No, absolutely not. You can't tell anyone what's going on. I mean, my husband knew that we were sequestered, but no, and he was really good. He didn't ask. I mean, I'm thinking about it now. It just makes it hard for me to breathe. In both clinical trials, Expedition 1 and 2, the results were negative. They did not show any improvement in memory or cognition in the targeted group. I said, I've never seen a study that just missed on so many measures. It just missed. However, on further analysis, they discovered an improvement specifically among people with mild Alzheimer's disease. And I remember when we looked at the mild subgroup, I felt that, you know, there's hope. There's something here. I was so excited. I jumped up and hugged my key programmer. I hugged her, and I just, I was close to screaming. And they showed us these cuts of the data looking at the mild people, the people with mild Alzheimer's disease. Kept saying, you all have something here, don't you, in the mild? So, well, we thought so, but we didn't, we wanted to hear someone else say it. And we were all sitting, basically challenging the data. I mean, just poking holes in it, left, right, and center. We're so worried that we were going to want something so badly that you wouldn't be good at discerning that it wasn't really there. And we looked at each other and we said, we have a drug. We have a drug. The treatment may, for the first time, attack the underlying cause and slow its progress. So there's excitement and there's hope. Two words you never hear with Alzheimer's. I was sitting in the cave. I was sitting at my desk. I was breathing in a paper bag because I was so anxious. But I was there right on the cusp of something special. I'm excited. I'm excited. I lost both grandmothers to Alzheimer's disease, both very strong, smart, independent women. My dad is going to be next. And can we get there soon enough? The new drug might eventually benefit those in the earliest stages of the disease. We cannot be sure whether solonesumab is effective until the result of a trial are released. By targeting patients much earlier in their disease, Lilly made the decision to invest in a new phase 3 trial. So I'll be in there around Thanksgiving this year. While you're eating turkey, I'll be looking at the solid data. And a few days later, we'll hopefully announce positive results. What is the average cost of developing a drug? It depends on how you look at it. If you include the cost of failures of drug development for Alzheimer's disease, and the capitalized cost, that is, what else could you have done with that money? The total cost of developing one Alzheimer's disease drug is $5.6 billion. And let's face it, this is a problem, because if it costs $50,000 a year for the first drug that's a disease-modifying drug on the market, and you've got a million people who want to use that drug, it'll break the Medicare bank. The medical-industrial complex is in crisis. The price is ridiculous, and they're like, you know what? I'm going to have to go back to the hospital. I'm going to have to go back to the hospital. The price is ridiculous, and they're like, you know what? No, I can't afford this. I have to feed my children. And they walk away. There's more money spent in the United States on pharmaceuticals than in any other country, because the United States, between the drug companies, the advertising, the way our doctors are taught in medical school, it's just a whole different atmosphere than if you go into the European. But it's even a greater contrast when you go to the Far East. I think the statistics are pretty profound right now. For the next 11 or 12 years, we've got 10,000 people a day turning 65. So when you look at the Medicare system, and it was never built for what's about to come pouring into the Medicare system, and if they have some of these difficult diseases, the cost is phenomenal. Alzheimer's and dementia, that could bankrupt Medicare. The high cost of insurance and taking the drug from concept to completion is at an all-time high, which makes many cutting-edge drugs unaffordable to the general public. Drug companies have some of the most tension of almost any industry in terms of doing right and doing well. They have shareholders, and they say they need to continue to make returns in order to get their shareholders to keep investing in new medicines. Drug companies are designed to provide profit to their shareholders and to make sure that they are profitable so that they can attract capital to do research. But the pricing model in the United States is clearly broken. The reason people are appropriately angry is not that the pill costs $84,000 for three months. They know that their doctor writes a prescription and they go to the drug store, and the pharmacist says, oh, your copay is going to be 15 percent. We're going to expect you to pay $12,000, even though they have insurance. Insurance companies also have to show profit. They also have investors. They are also public companies. If you go into an emergency room, or any hospital, or any physician, by law and by our ethical oath, we will treat anybody for any reason regardless of payment. It doesn't matter. But pharmaceutical companies, distributors, insurance companies, they are not under the same bound, and so they can just deny payment for whatever they want. The finances of medicine was essentially handed over to insurance companies. One in five Americans cannot afford the prescriptions their doctors are writing for them. Medicaid generally covers the very poor and the very sick. About 72 million people access Medicaid. Generally, most of the coverage is for those that make below 134 percent of poverty in the United States, which is about $11,000. $11,000? That's right. Drugs are about 14 percent of the overall health care spend in this country. Hospitals are 30 percent. Doctor visits are about 20 percent. It is not by any stretch an efficient or very effective health care delivery system. We have an enormous amount of bureaucracy, waste, and lack of accountability. If there's only one patient who cannot get access to treatment, then we have a problem. And the fact is that is the case. But to make the intellectual leap from that and say the problem is the price of drugs and therefore the culture is the pharmaceutical industry, that is not a supportable notion. The problem is multifold. First of all, we have a very complex health care delivery system. There is a whole supply chain, that's what people call it, the drug supply chain, between the pharmaceutical industry and the patient. When we hear about prices of drugs, often what we hear is the list price, that sort of sticker price. The list price is, yes, with the drug industry, the drug company has set for a certain drug. But then off of that, they have all these different players in the system and they're negotiating with each different one to pay different discounts and different rebates. And the biggest entity there that a lot of people are talking about now are pharmacy benefits managers or PBMs. Where the controversy has arisen is PBMs make money by the size of the rebate they're able to ring. We are familiar with these because often we'll have a pharmacy card in our wallet and it'll say Express Scripts or it'll say CVS Caremark, those are PBMs. They negotiate different rebates that drug companies pay back to the system off the list price of their drug. And they say that they save money for the system by doing that. So it's this sort of war going on between all these different middlemen and drug companies. I think the larger problem will be how do these care systems, which many of them depend upon making money from patients in care, address pricing. Because they too have a responsibility to us, you, me and every one of us who risk having this disorder. They cannot be left alone without understanding that medicines are coming, they will change the dynamic, there's a consequence of them, they as caregivers, the hospitals, the clinics, the doctors need to share in how we're going to care for this population. It is, I will say, quite a daunting task to try and represent industry. And the real theme that I'd like to get across today, if I could, is how far we've come along as a field. It takes too long to develop drugs. If you add up the traditional timelines, everybody ends up with 15 to 20 years between first time in the clinic and an approved drug. We haven't gotten across the finish line yet by any means, but what I really want to emphasize is how far we've come along. As you all know, there's been a fair amount in the press about all the failures that we've seen in these Alzheimer's trials. And so that's the tough question that I think we have to ask ourselves right now. Have we failed? The numbers here are pretty amazing. So in a 10-year period, 244 compounds in 413 trials, but a very low percentage of those getting through phase three. I think as we think back at the last 10 years even, and the next few years, not all of these will be successful. But I think at this point, we have a good reason to be very hopeful that some of them will be. That final moment where a discovery is made is sufficiently rare that you cannot go into science on the expectation that that will be a routine thing in your life. Just leave the lab. Pick up some other job. I don't think of failure as a downfall. It just is. It's a mental state. And it's not some delusional, let me, you know, it's not happy thoughts so that you don't get depressed. No, it is a fundamental part of the landscape on which you're working. Part of the fun, if you will, it's a discovery process. And every day you come into the lab, you can discover something new. I'm a discovery biologist, experimental models. And we develop these drugs in these models, test their safety, and then hand them over to people like Eric Siemers. Pat May was considered one of the most respected scientists in Alzheimer's disease research and for over 25 years worked on the development of an Alzheimer's drug called C. megasostat. I went to school in the late 60s and early 70s. I was playing in a band that was started as a Tijuana Brass Band. We did a lot of that big band, horns, all nine yards. Just had a great time and just didn't get to class as much as I should have. I ended up with a 0.29 GPA. Went back home, kind of turned it around and got into the University of Tulsa and got a degree in medical technology where I started working on Huntington's disease. My older brothers turned me on to Dylan who turned me on to Woody Guthrie and he was the Oklahoma balladeer who died of Huntington's disease. That really started my interest in age-related neurodegenerative disorders. And for the next 25 years I've worked on Alzheimer's disease and have been involved in a number of molecules that have gone into clinical trials including C. megasostat. It was an interesting idea at the time trying to generate a molecule that would block the production of amyloid deposits in the brain. Well, so I worked on the molecule itself for what, 12 some years. Probably looked at hundreds of molecules right before you got to C. megasostat. My father was diagnosed with Alzheimer's and then when it strikes your family as it almost inevitably does, then it becomes even more of an imperative to get in there and work. And then my wife passed away unexpectedly from a brain aneurysm. We'd been married 36 years and one day she was there and the next day she wasn't. Several months later things got worse for Pat. The C. megasostat trials had to be shut down because they found the drug was harmful to patients. We were all a little worried about Pat for a while because that's a lot to deal with. This was something I had worked on since the very beginning. This was one of my, quote, babies. It was just so devastating. That, yeah, it was just terrible. The effort to develop a treatment for Alzheimer's suffered a blow yesterday when a clinical trial was halted after finding that a new drug did more harm than good. Manufacturer Eli Lilly called off the studies after data showed the drug led to more memory loss. Woke up the next day and thought, well, shit, that didn't work. Let's learn from this and move on. Every experiment's done such that you learn something, right? And that's where a lot of scientists do fail is they just try this. It's like spaghetti. Throw it at the wall. Something's going to stick. Well, that's not good science. And it's really important for the field to figure out very quickly if this is right or wrong because the last thing you want the field to do is to persevere on a really bad hypothesis because it means there's thousands of scientists wasting their time. When you're paying these high bills for drugs, you're ensuring that the research will keep going and the trials will keep going with 90 percent failure rate so you get the next drug to keep you alive. I think science is the art of trying to understand the universe. We're not powerless. We're not here to do what's already scripted for us. The NIH and the government feels a very important part of that, which is recognizing that we need that basic research to understand things and that that fuels the next step, which is the commercial development. There are two different kinds of research. The pharma companies, the biotech companies, typically are much more on the applied side. Like, you know, they're doing research to figure out how to do something, how to get it to work, you know, for a very specific purpose. The academic research, as we call it, is more about understanding the basic science, what causes disease, new tests, new methods, new things like that. There's more and more drug discovery happening in pharma from the basic science mechanisms, and then sometimes it'll go from pharma industry back to academia. And I think we've realized that we're going to win by actually working together on this. Dr. Sperling's utilizing Solanazumab for her separate study that tests people even earlier in the disease. The A4, it's a mouthful. It stands for anti-amyloid treatment of asymptomatic Alzheimer's disease. And the idea is that you treat people who have evidence of Alzheimer's disease changes in their brains, but they don't yet have any symptoms. I think we've been treating the disease at the wrong stage. I really can't think of a disease where if we wait until people come to their doctor saying something's wrong, that we have a better chance of treating them. Because the Alzheimer's disease has been building up for 20 years before people get symptoms. It's a long, slow process. We hope that we can bend the curve just enough that people can die out ballroom dancing instead of in a nursing home. You know, this robs wonderful people. They're deserved end of life. But especially we don't see the other victims, the family members who take care of them. This affects the whole family, all generations. He was a man who's done so much. Loves life. He's a typical Italian, don't you think? Yeah, definitely. There's the whole family and the food. He loves his little grandson. He's kind of partial to PG, I have to say, because he's named Hoskawe, I guess. His face lights up around 18 months old. He does really make dad feel good. I did go to the appointment where we found out we got the diagnosis and I really knew at that point. I mean, it was a little bit crushing, but we really had a feeling. I think the most crushing part was to watch him hear it. And I remember then watching dad interact with the kids and thinking, geez, if that's the case, in five, six years, we'll even know who they are. Well, sometimes, I don't know if it's because I've been around dad for so long, it'll be at work and I forget how to spell something and I'm like... But you remembered that you forgot. That's the difference. Well, and I think we all have little, you know, but you do, you become real sensitive to that, you know, like, is my brain going? It's about twice the likelihood of having Alzheimer's if you're a woman compared to a man with that same genetic risk factor. And then the other reason women should be very active in this field is we're four times as likely to be a caregiver of an Alzheimer's patient. This is a real women's issue and there's been a lot of recognition of that, but I think we need women in academics to be taking more leadership roles. So the general thought was that women live longer and so therefore more or more likely to get Alzheimer's. But recent research suggests that there are some biological influences, hormonal and other influences that might increase the risk. We do know that African Americans have Alzheimer's twice more than whites and that Hispanics have it one and a half times more than whites. We have to find out, are there more genetic influences that make these groups more susceptible than others and are there environmental influences? African Americans have historically been reticent to participate in clinical trials and research studies. Anytime we exclude individuals for any reason as a group, it's disturbing. Americans are Americans and people are people. And so when it comes to research and it comes to medicine, we need to certainly make sure that we're inclusive. So I think this already tells us something about your other data. And actually we're doing a little bit of follow up, but it does seem like that effect is sticking around. Awesome. All right. Can I ask you to tell us a little bit about personally your motivation for Alzheimer's disease research and joining our group? Yeah, actually I've got a really kind of an unusual story of why I came into Alzheimer's research. A lot of people usually assume that I have like a grandparent or a parent or somebody who has Alzheimer's disease. And while that's true, nobody was diagnosed until after I was in graduate school. It felt very morally wrong that you could have an individual who survives everything this world is thrown at you and you can get to 70 years old or 80 years old and then have all of that taken from you. You know, that knowledge of who you are and what you've done and that connection to your family and those memories. It really seems like there's no greater injustice. My hope is to come up with quantitative ways to detect Alzheimer's disease earlier and to make sure that those methods of detection are effective for everybody no matter what their skin color is and no matter what their background is. The reality is that if African Americans don't join the fight in curing things like Alzheimer's disease or Parkinson's or diabetes or heart disease, if they're not part of those treatment cohorts, then we won't know if a cure is effective for these groups. While I understand and I sympathize and I agree that many people should feel anger and betrayed both from historical abuses and current barriers to access, what we need to do is we need to take that anger and that frustration and direct it toward the problems, towards reducing these barriers. And the only way to do that is to work hand in hand with the researchers who are conducting these studies. The good thing is that there are so many absolutely wonderful studies going on all around the globe. I'm so optimistic. This country certainly is in high gear with absolutely extraordinary types of studies. I do think there will be a cure. Huge sums are spent each year to make a better product to sell for less. Our job is to work with the scientific community to make sure that the products do what they claim to do, that this is a drug that will benefit patients. Too many diseases still await treatments and cures. Serious public health needs such as treatments for Alzheimer's disease are not being met. When I was FDA commissioner, I would sometimes hear accusations that it must be the bureaucratic FDA that was slowing down progress and standing in the way of new better drugs getting to people suffering from Alzheimer's. My mother is currently suffering from dementia. She's now 92. And in recent years, you know, she's become but a shell of her former self. And she was a very accomplished, determined woman who broke barriers as the first African American woman to be admitted to Vassar College and the first African American woman to go to Yale Medical School. She was a professor at Stanford and Harvard. She was a member of the National Academy of Medicine. But, you know, she must be very proud of you. She is very proud. She is very proud. Although sadly, occasionally she forgets that she's my mother. I have to remind her sometimes, but she's very proud of me. Watching my mom and her Alzheimer's has obviously been very, very poignant, very, very hard for all of us. But there are these moments that are just delightful. And at Christmas time, our whole family was there. I have two kids, a son and a daughter. And we were opening presents. And I gave her a sweater and she would open it and say, this is wonderful. I just love it. Thank you so much. I'm really going to cherish it and wear it all the time. And she would neatly package it back up in its wrappings. And a few minutes later, she'd open it again and she'd say, oh, who gave me the sweater? I just love it. And this kept happening all throughout the course of the evening. And my son said, you know, one great thing about dementia is that you can experience the joyful things in life over and over again. And I wish that that was, you know, the hallmark of dementia, because of course there's so many things where it isn't the joyful parts of life. It's the sadness. It's seeing a person you know and love disappear before you. I find myself avoiding him. If it's he and I in the house, I'll stay in my bedroom or ask him if he wants to go take a walk just to get him out of the house. He takes walks probably three times a day around our neighborhood, takes the same path every time and always finds his way pretty much. He has some friends along the route now and some of them are aware. Which is good for me because it is good for you. And he takes a dog. I know a troop of people that I talk with them and one night he didn't come home and he'd been gone like an hour. He's usually gone maybe a half hour and I was really getting tense. Plus it was getting dusky. So I got in my car and I go the route and he's sitting with two guys drinking beer. I'm like, okay. I said, well, I can take you home. And it's like, oh, okay. And one of the guys said, well, you probably should just take, get a ride with her. He was probably worried about it. And those guys are wonderful. I know that's good for him. Yeah. So, but not good for me. Can I ask how old you are, Frank? I don't remember. I don't know. Do you want me to tell them? Yeah. 79. I don't really ever keep track of it. How long have you guys been married? 51 years. Plus 51 years. Yeah. I think the thing that breaks my heart the most is to see people who were married for 60 years and the patient will turn to the spouse and not recognize gone. Nothing blank. That just, that, that upsets me. I'll tell you, won't you look at her? Okay. Hello, dear. Hello. How are you, lover? Okay. I love you. He tells me that a lot. My dad being in a clinical trial was a light at the end of the tunnel. Maybe this is going to be the, the drug. You tell people he has Alzheimer's, but he's in a, he's in a clinical study. Yeah. To see the patients who know that they are deteriorating and the end is probably coming. They look at the physician who is the one who is expected to come up with solutions with an expression in the eyes like, I know you cannot do it, but I can face it. And this is driving me. I tell everybody my goal in life is to work myself out of a job. Do you mean to find a cure? This is actually the cradle of neurology. This is where the first neurology patients have been investigated by Professor Chaco. And after the revolution, Philip Pinel, he was a professor here. He actually liberated people from chains. And then they erected the department of neurology that we have today and the service that you're participating in. Medicine as a field is actually primitive compared with, for example, physics as a field, because we could do physics experiments without worrying about the ethics of it. You can't just go inside and poke around in healthy people's brains. You can't open your skull today just because I want to know what this part of your brain is doing. Okay, so you do it from other ways. You get, you know, fMRI's, PET scans. Like the astrophysics, they at some point have invented the telescope to look into the sky and to quantify and assess things. We can do the same thing to the brain. We thought amyloid plaque was important, but we weren't sure who had it and who didn't have it. We couldn't start treating until the patient had symptoms, until they had brain failure from the amyloid plaque. And we had no way of monitoring whether our drugs were lowering amyloid plaque or not. And so what we needed was this cholesterol blood test for the brain, right? But instead of seeing cholesterol, seeing amyloid plaques. The way that we see the amyloid plaque under the microscope after the patient died is with different dyes. The idea that we and many others had was, can we turn those dyes that we use under the microscope into something that we can actually use in a patient who's alive? But there were a lot of failures along the way. And then we found one that looked really good. It's now available for patients. We are moving the patient into the scanner and then we calibrate the head to the right position and it's millimeter work. These telescopes are still relatively crude like the first telescopes we had when we discovered the first planets. So now I'm working with colleagues and the refinement of these machines. How can you ever prove that your test works, right? If doctors aren't very good at diagnosing Alzheimer's and you have a test that's going to diagnose Alzheimer's more accurately, how are you going to know that you were right? The main way that we get the new brain imaging tests, the brain scans approved, is that people who are terminally ill undergo a brain scan. And then they donate their brain when they pass away. And we compare what we saw in the scan of what we see under the microscope. That's what the FDA requires to get the new Alzheimer's brain scans approved. He made this decision with you? Yes, yes, yes, yes. He had made that decision. How long before he passed did he make that decision? Oh, I would say about three years. Three years before? Before he passed, three or four years before he passed. Yes, he was still, you know, lucid, you know, he was still lucid. When he still was verbal and he still could understand, Dr. Salaway approached him and he said, you know, Jim, he said, I'd like you to help me and many other people. He said, would you consent to be an autopsy? So he kind of looked around and he said, why? Well, of course, he says, is it going to help my families? Is not only your family, he says, it will help many people. Anything that we could do to help, you know, yes, anything that we could do. Dr. Salaway looked straight at my mother and said, Olga, would you consider donating your brain for research? And I was taken aback and immediately teared up. And she said, but of course. Oh, absolutely. Why not? If he can help someone, what good is it going to do me? And I was just like shocked because she was just so responsive. Olga, what's happening tomorrow? Tomorrow is my birthday. How old will you be? A hundred and two. What we learned is that patients and particularly their families, they want to give back. They want to do something. They don't just want to be victims of this disease. They want to fight it. And this is a way that they could do it is by contributing to research. It's become now essentially standard in the field that the way you really diagnose Alzheimer's disease is by a PET scan or by doing a lumbar puncture and measuring the amount of amyloid in the cerebrospinal fluid. The amyloid plaques in the brain light up ten years ago. We didn't have this technology available. Now we do. By the way, all the machines that have an on off switch brought into the service of diagnosing your body, they're all based on a principle of physics discovered by a physicist. Sometimes solutions come about from another path of inquiry that then cross pollinates with this other one. And then there's a solution neither party would have seen coming. And then it emerges from the collaboration. Good. Hey. Hi. How are you? It's great to see you. It's so good to see you too. Thanks for coming, especially on a rainy day like this is really it. It's I'm good. I'm happy to come because this is like a family here now. And how's your father doing? My my dad passed away. Oh, I'm sorry. No, no, no, it's not that. I actually have been it's only been a couple of weeks. I feel like I didn't make it in time for him. That's all. I know. I know. But you were for other so many other. Well, I said I'm probably not going to make it in time for me, but hopefully I'll make it so in time for my kids or maybe so that my kids don't have to take care of me. Yeah. Yeah. That's that would be the nicest gift not to have a family member to have to go through this because we're going through this now again. The second time with my sister. I have to admit that I'm a little anxious because of what the results in the Solenasumab trial will mean for the A4 study because we're using the same drug. There's such an excitement right now in Alzheimer's disease, the adjucanumab, the Biogen drugs. But I feel like if both of those fail, I'm not sure we'll we'll bounce back. If this expedition three study would work, it would be the first time that that's ever happened. And that I see that as, I don't know, maybe the end of the beginning. This team is really unique and that we really are a family and we really are in all of this together. Eric, who's the eternal optimist and I, who am the eternal pessimist, are a very interesting combination. He often compares me to radar O'Reilly. I kind of figure out what he needs before he needs it. Most of the scientists I know, their hobbies are science. I mean, they have, they have hobbies that are a science as well to them. You know, like I'm a bird watcher. So it's not just look at the pretty bird. I need to know what species is that? Well, how does it act? Does it migrate? I'm also a quilter. I need to know what's the best way for the points of my quilt to all line up. And I'm not going to be happy until I figure out the right answer. My four year old, he, and I never realized this, he's really into superheroes. And almost every superhero starts off as a scientist. And he just looks like, Daddy, you're a scientist. And so in his mind, he's thinking I'm going to be like a superhero. The overwhelming motivation behind the work that these people are doing is to advance the public good. And in fact, our field is more collaborative than I think any other in science. We recognized 15 years ago that if we don't work together, it's going to take us a lot longer to achieve our goal. And we simply have to gather together our resources and our ideas as a field across companies, across countries, across universities, everybody together. If we're going to do what we need to do to help the aging world population. 10,000 baby boomers turn 65 every single day. There are 77 million of them. If there's something that actually cures Alzheimer's, this is a blowaway win. This is a blockbuster of unimaginable magnitude. You'll get to the last stage of clinical trials and all the signs will be looking good. You think, oh, this has done well in phase two. The safety looks great. You know, the company's been communicating really positively about this. And then it fails and a company will lose 80% of its market value in seconds. This is not a business for the faint of heart. We make big bets, big expensive bets. Under the protection of our freedoms, American labor, management and capital, the greatest production team in the history of mankind, have made the United States the industrial master of the world. One of the challenges we face in our capitalist democracy is there's less urge for the government to invest in research. If that research can be done by private enterprise, that can then ultimately be justified by future profits. You know, on the surface, it's sensible. It looks sensible. The problem is when it comes to science and human health especially, the consequences of being wrong are lethal. Everyone with a brain is at risk to contract Alzheimer's. Everyone's family suffers from Alzheimer's, suffers from cancer, suffers from diabetes. But there is an ideological divide over how much money the federal government should be spending on doing the research. And so we have to put that behind us. The pharmaceutical companies have to remain viable. They are a very important resource. We don't directly appropriate money to them. They do use a lot of the work that's done at the NIH. So we have a symbiotic relationship here. The challenge that Democrats have in the bill, it's not that they're not for putting money there. They certainly are. But they love everything in the bill. It's about a hundred and sixty billion dollar jurisdiction. They have a hard time making priorities. Frankly, it's the same with Republicans in defense. I mean, we have to have every weapons system known to man. Across this broad spectrum, we've seen a huge increase of applications, scientists who have been inspired by the availability of resources. And of course, this whole trajectory, we see a very bright future of accelerated progress thanks to the support of Congress. When my mother was in, she was in a very early stage of Alzheimer's disease at the time that I came to the Aging Institute, as director of the Institute. We moved her down here to an assisted living place where she could manage. And she was sharp enough to say to them, this is my son. He's now doing research on aging and I'm giving him quite an education. Finding the cures for diseases like Alzheimer's is not partisan. And that only the federal government can do the basic research that then will unleash the private sector. I think it's important if we want new medicines to treat diseases like Alzheimer's disease, that we have a policy environment that really does promote and further innovation. We've been encouraged, in fact, to continue this work. I think it's what we were put here to do. I think it is our destiny. The The The The The The The The The The This is the secured area. We coined the name of this room as the cave. It's since caught on. Everybody in the company now calls it the cave. But it's called the cave for a reason. There are no windows. And there's really one, well, two doors, an emergency door and a regular door to get out of it. So it does feel very much like a cave. But you can see we've added our own pretend windows. The cave was not a pretty place to be, that's for sure. So the goal was actually to not be wandering around in the broader space as much as possible. So we had our coffee in the rooms. I brought in food. We tended to have meals together at the same time. This is the group of people that are working on analyzing the data and assessing what the data says and what the implications are. It's a pretty small group. So we have statistics, we have medical and we have some of our management people. Over the 18 month period, there's a lot of data that is generated. And so we look at the output of the cognitive and functional tests to see if kind of what Solenazumab did. The whole team works with the medical writers to write all the submission documents. We prepare documents that are submitted to regulatory agencies globally. We are very cognizant of the need for a therapy for the therapeutic area. However, at the same time, we are also very safety conscious, you know, and the benefit must always must outweigh the risk. I can't believe it's happening. Last four years, we've worked a lot. And if it works, what's going to happen? Oh, a lot's going to happen. I think that I think Sola is just a significant advancement from a scientific standpoint. And that's where the big progress lies. Clinically, it's meaningful, but it's much more meaningful for what it means for the science and our ability to advance and get to new and better treatments. So are you excited? That's probably not the word I'd use. I just found and brought the infamous hyperventilation mags back from the last time. So we're already set. Just let your heart rate come down. Somebody came out and said there was a 98 percent chance it would be successful. Probably a little on the high side. And then more recently, I read that somebody was still down 25 to 30 percent. So it's all over the place. And so I think 50-50 is kind of a good bet. This was not a conversation I wanted to have. This was not a conversation I wanted to have. No. Clearly not. Just kind of gently slide this around right here. We'll hide it. So what happened? The data did not meet its primary. The study didn't meet its primary end point. I was just numb. When Mike told us I knew we were in trouble, he goes, I'm going to give you a couple minutes of framing, I went, oh. I don't know what happened. The drug, you know, it just, it had trends going the right way, but it certainly isn't of the kind of degree that, you know, that would make a difference to anybody, I don't think. They're really disappointed. It's just hard. It hurts me the most to see other people hurting, and I know, I'm going to have a week or two to digest this. We have patients that have been on drug for over six years now, and you wouldn't have projected for someone to be on drug and able to be in a clinical trial for over six years. And with my genetic personal, my predisposition to this, I'm 15-fold more likely than most people are for that, but this one hurts, James. There's no two ways about it. Before I came to Lilly when I was at the university and seeing a lot of patients there, I specialized in things like Parkinson's disease actually at the time, and had this really nice couple, and he was newly diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. So I started to put him on some medications, and over the course of several months, kept bumping up the doses and bumping up the doses and bumping up the doses. And I just remember telling him it looked like he was one of these 15 or 20 percent of people who just didn't have some lookalike that didn't respond to the medications. I kind of feel like it's the same feeling, except for now, it's millions of people all over the world. There's just nothing as a physician that's harder than not being able to do anything. Not the news anybody was looking for this morning from Eli Lilly, putting out the results of a phase three trial of its Alzheimer's drug, Solanizumab. It did not meet the goals of that study. As a result, Lilly says it will not seek regulatory approval of this drug. I think we all were hopeful for something positive because of the urgency and the suffering that we see perhaps in our own families. I myself have a mother-in-law with Alzheimer's, severe stage, and a father-in-law with vascular dementia that we are caring for at home. These results, though disappointing, also stress the urgency for pushing forward even harder. This is not a time to slow down. This is a time to speed up and ramp up our efforts. I would like to thank those of you who guided this work, Paul and Larry, but especially you, Eric, because of what you've contributed to our understanding of how to do trials in this disease. We didn't expect Solanizumab to be a cure for this disease, but we did have hope that it would be the first treatment that would slow down the relentless progression that we've all seen. It has been a rough time. One of the things about Alzheimer's researchers as a broad field is we're so collaborative and we're so close to each other and we're all friends. So I've had a little bit more time to adjust to the data, but it's new obviously for these other people. And I see them in the hallway here. I kind of have a smile on it. It's nice to see you and you can tell how somber they are. Do you want to keep working at Alzheimer's? I do. I do. This, maybe just the stubbornness in me, maybe we're just being a scientist. I think it made me want to work harder. One of my mentors told me that you have to have a rhinoceros skin to stay in this field and succeed. And I am not even to snake skin yet, but I'm getting there. It's definitely getting, my height's getting tougher over time. The Expedition 3 study did not fail. It's a negative study. But I actually think that the data from this trial confirms the hypothesis behind the trial. In fact, there's a beneficial effect of this drug of solanazomam. I think people like success stories and they seem linear, easy, achievable by heroic characters. If the amyloid hypothesis is correct, the question is, is this the end of the story or is there more? And there's indications that there is more to the story. A lot has changed since solanazomam went down. You could have very easily said, you know, we're going to get out of this. This isn't a good business investment, but you didn't. You stayed the course. Why? Well, of course, it's usually disappointing. People put so much into these studies and we really believed that there was a reasonable shot to demonstrate a benefit. Of course, there was a slowing, but not enough to rule out chance. What we've done since then is we could have given up. That's true. But a key part of science is learning from failure and not being right on every guess you make, but then adapting your practices to the reality that you just demonstrated in a test or experiment. Well, since we last spoke, a lot has changed for me personally. My father passed away. And as you'll recall, we used to talk about how I was in this battle for my daddy. And one of the hardest things for me when solanazomab missed its primary endpoint in Expedition 3 was I had to call my daddy and tell him it didn't work. And he told me to keep fighting. One of the things I think we've seen is that dose really matters. So we quadrupled the dose of solanazomab in the A4 study. That's not for the faint of heart in the middle of a phase 3 study, but it was scientifically the right thing to do. We obviously have to wait and see, and I remain cautiously optimistic. Is it your feeling that testing and treating Alzheimer's earlier and earlier is the right way to go? You know, I want to get rid of those terms earlier and earlier, just like in cancer. We don't call it early cancer. It's like you've got cancer or you don't. And in Alzheimer's disease, you've got pathology in the brain. It's not good. So instead of calling this early Alzheimer's disease, let's just call it Alzheimer's disease and treat it when it needs to be treated. People are diagnosed very, very late in the disease. Nobody wants to treat cancer at stage 4. But that's what our health care system does right now with Alzheimer's disease is we identify people very, very late. If you want people to benefit as early as possible, you have to make sure that you're innovating on how that detection and diagnosis happens. Can you talk about what happened with adecanumab? At first, we all thought the drug had failed, and then all of a sudden, it's back in clinical trials. Well, the interim data was a small data set. We run probability assessments on whether that data would predict a positive trial. And the result we got essentially said that it predicted not to. So that was the original finding. What happened next was we brought in the full data set. When we got that larger data set, we actually saw that one of the trials was positive and one of the trials was negative. Having a positive trial, that hasn't happened before. Adecanumab became the most exciting candidate therapeutic in Alzheimer's disease. Many of us thought this is now going to work. From Biogen, adecanumab, it looks like it's trending the right way. So I would say we believe firmly that we're on the trail to success. Whether we're about to reach the destination or we're at another false summit, it's hard to judge. I, as you probably know, hate things that I can't control. And this virus, this pandemic has been just incredible in that you feel completely that you have no control over the situation. And I, you know, the A4 study and our prevention trials have had all these roller coasters. So I have to admit it's been stressful. No question. I think in the face of COVID-19, the conversations I've heard now is scientists are our heroes. We're counting on the scientists. One of the things that really has buoyed me is talking to some participants who've reminded us that finding a treatment for Alzheimer's disease is also essential work. And therefore, no matter what, we have to find a way to keep going. David wanted to ask you, how's your wife's mother doing with the Alzheimer's? Thank you for asking about her. She's still in nursing home still with us. Although I have to say, you know, COVID-19, one of the more challenging things about all this is for those that are in high risk health conditions, it's really been quite isolating. And that cannot be good for someone suffering from the symptoms of Alzheimer's or dementia, mental health wise or otherwise. So that's been challenging to sort of call and talk through the window and not have contact. But so thank you for asking that. I do miss being able to give people a hug and to tell them how proud I am of their work. COVID actually has taught us to be able to do remote assessments, questionnaires. You can do even cognitive tests on your smartphone. I am excited that our ability to kind of look at in new trials will be even more sensitive. So we can go earlier, we can go faster. And this gives me hope that we're gonna solve it. Although the total number of patients with Alzheimer's disease keeps growing because so many more people live so much longer, the per hundred thousand ratio goes down 20 percent. Why? We eat better and I think people over the age of 65 compared to our parents remain quite active. Measure your blood pressure, lose weight, move. Physical activity is most important. With exercise you reduce inflammation in the brain and you also can induce new nerve stem cells to be born. If you're not getting enough sleep, meaning seven to eight hours, especially after 40 years old, it's almost like eating processed meats or smoking cigarettes. This is when you stop making the amyloid in your brain. It's the only time all day you do it. I drink red wine with dinner, a good glass of wine, yeah, with dinner. Mediterranean diet, it's been shown over and over again to be protective. Fruits, nuts, fibers, grains. Go dancing, yeah? Dancing is movement, dancing is music, which affects different networks in the brain. You learn something, you contact with other people. Everyone should do each lifestyle intervention we possibly can do and you're gonna need some biologically active medicine. To me it's way more than one trial. Now it's a global struggle against Alzheimer's. Drugs are being developed that attack the tau proteins in the brain and researchers are exploring stem cell therapies. They're also boosting the energy output of cells that are experiencing a kind of power failure earlier in the disease. And a team at MIT has successfully reduced amyloid plaques using LED lights that stimulate gamma brain waves. Scientists are very focused now on developing new blood tests for Alzheimer's disease that could make early detection and diagnosis simpler, quicker, more affordable and more widely available. One of the hopeful things is that tau pet imaging is looking very promising. So to me that's very exciting because I think we're gonna have more ability to be able to tell more quickly whether a drug is really changing the course of the disease in the brain. One of the really fun projects that I got to work on, we were looking to see if you could design a device that would allow consumers to take over a little bit more of their brain health. So if you think about it today, we're all wearing these devices that track our steps, they track our heart rate. What's really interesting is they can track a lot of other things that actually might give you some insight into your cognitive health. The field is just taking off in these digital detection devices and these are things that could tell you, you know, something has changed for you. You might want to talk with your doctor. They say we stand on the shoulders of giants who've come before you. That's a paraphrase quote from Isaac Newton. But what that's missing is you're standing on the shoulders of everyone, not just the giants. You're standing on the shoulders of people who had researched dead ends. It wasn't Apollo 1 that landed on the moon. It was Apollo 11. Apollo 1, we actually lost three astronauts in a fire. For the field of Alzheimer's, where we are right now, maybe we're at kind of Apollo 6 or 7 or 8. We don't know when we're going to have Apollo 11. If the failure of a result is invoked by anyone with power of funding as a reason to drop funding, who is that person? They don't understand how exploration and discovery works. They have no clue. There is something unique about our research scientists that they have this like optimism chip and it just keeps turning on even in the face of constant failure. Because you have to be. You have to be an optimist. I know that I'm doing better. You know, flip by flip by flip. Pat really stayed on a plateau. I really do feel like I see a difference. I don't know. You think about the progress in human physiology. We had to learn about the circulatory system, the endocrine system. One of the latest systems of the human body we came to understand was the nervous system. Why? Because that also involves electricity. And electricity had to be developed and understood first. I lay awake at night wondering what system of our world that to us is just mysterious, awaiting the arrival of a clever person that will bring it all together. Just because we think the brain is more complex than the universe itself doesn't mean it is. It just doesn't feel that way yet. This is the final frontier in medicine. Let's kill it. This is the final frontier in medicine. This is the final frontier in medicine. This is the final frontier in medicine. This is the final frontier in medicine. This is the final frontier in medicine.