I promise, Mom, if we get pets, we'll take I promise, Mom, if we get pets, we'll take I promise, Mom, if we get pets, we'll take care of them.  I think many care of them.  I think many care of them.  I think many parents have heard that phrase.   Please parents have heard that phrase.   Please parents have heard that phrase.   Please be aware that it is false.  That's a big be aware that it is false.  That's a big be aware that it is false.  That's a big lie invented by children. lie invented by children. lie invented by children. Today, I decided to take care of the Today, I decided to take care of the Today, I decided to take care of the children's second bedroom and do a couple of children's second bedroom and do a couple of children's second bedroom and do a couple of errands for Poupa.  For those who didn't errands for Poupa.  For those who didn't errands for Poupa.  For those who didn't follow, the children wanted follow, the children wanted follow, the children wanted a bedroom for sleeping, which I've already a bedroom for sleeping, which I've already a bedroom for sleeping, which I've already made, and a room for the kids and for made, and a room for the kids and for made, and a room for the kids and for the rabbits.  [music] So, I went the rabbits.  [music] So, I went the rabbits.  [music] So, I went back to my favorite store back to my favorite store back to my favorite store to buy a couple of things.  We went to buy a couple of things.  We went to buy a couple of things.  We went home and started by emptying home and started by emptying home and started by emptying the second bedroom.  We put all the the second bedroom.  We put all the the second bedroom.  We put all the rabbits in the cage and put them in a rabbits in the cage and put them in a rabbits in the cage and put them in a quiet place.  Just enough time for cleaning.  We quiet place.  Just enough time for cleaning.  We quiet place.  Just enough time for cleaning.  We removed their entire enclosure and cleaned everything removed their entire enclosure and cleaned everything removed their entire enclosure and cleaned everything underneath.  After that, we set up the underneath.  After that, we set up the underneath.  After that, we set up the office because school will inevitably office because school will inevitably office because school will inevitably resume sooner or later.  Then resume sooner or later.  Then resume sooner or later.  Then I added a small sofa that we had had for a I added a small sofa that we had had for a I added a small sofa that we had had for a long time with a rug.  I long time with a rug.  I long time with a rug.  I added a layer of pillows, a small added a layer of pillows, a small added a layer of pillows, a small side table and their favorite thing.  If you side table and their favorite thing.  If you side table and their favorite thing.  If you 're still here, comment on room number 're still here, comment on room number 're still here, comment on room number 2 and feel free to give me 2 and feel free to give me 2 and feel free to give me advice on how to improve this room. advice on how to improve this room. advice on how to improve this room. We redid the rabbit enclosure, we We redid the rabbit enclosure, we We redid the rabbit enclosure, we cleaned everything, the bedding, the food bowl, cleaned everything, the bedding, the food bowl, cleaned everything, the bedding, the food bowl, all the hay was changed and all the hay was changed and all the hay was changed and everyone is happy.  For organization, everyone is happy.  For organization, everyone is happy.  For organization, I put all the hay in a large, I put all the hay in a large, I put all the hay in a large, more practical bin, the small treats more practical bin, the small treats more practical bin, the small treats in a small jar, and the food in a small jar, and the food in a small jar, and the food in a large one.  We made sure to in a large one.  We made sure to in a large one.  We made sure to get enough for Junior so that get enough for Junior so that get enough for Junior so that everyone could eat.  I added a little bit everyone could eat.  I added a little bit everyone could eat.  I added a little bit of decoration and I think it looks pretty of decoration and I think it looks pretty of decoration and I think it looks pretty good now.  However, it's already 8:45 PM.  The good now.  However, it's already 8:45 PM.  The good now.  However, it's already 8:45 PM.  The three of us are home three of us are home three of us are home today, so we have to rush to today, so we have to rush to today, so we have to rush to make dinner.  We're going for loco make dinner.  We're going for loco make dinner.  We're going for loco and shrimp.  I took a shower in and shrimp.  I took a shower in and shrimp.  I took a shower in 3 minutes max and we settled down in front of the 3 minutes max and we settled down in front of the 3 minutes max and we settled down in front of the TV.  In short, kisses.  Mr.