Hello guys, welcome back to my channel. And
with me again today is my Fionn.
Today we'll answer your questions. You
people were complaining for a long time. So
I have written it today and I have brought this also.
Today we are going to do Q&A. Whatever
questions you ask us, today we are going to
answer all of them.
First question. So the first question is one
answer please. Which app do you use to edit your videos
? I mostly edit my videos
on VN and
sometimes
I find VN a bit more advanced than these shorts
and I have purchased advance in these
brother, we are rich people, we are not the free
ones, we see ads after every video,
move on to the next question, will this
brother also turn out to be a scoundrel? [laughs]
no no brother he cannot be,
but this sister can definitely turn out to be a scoundrel
brother, no no no
brother he cannot be a scoundrel.
I can say this 110%. I
can speak with my eyes closed.
Speak with your eyes closed.
No brother, scoundrels cannot do this.
Next question: Where will you get married?
Nice question. Well,
we don't have the answer to this yet. But yes, as far as
we have thought, we will tell you that if
we do it, we will do a destination
marriage only. But he could be anywhere. It could be
Jaipur, Udaipur, Uttarakhand or anywhere else.
Like we can't
find venues right now. So as soon as our venue is
decided, we will
get the venue within our budget, neither do we want it to be too low nor
too high. We have to get
married through a very mean medium. So
as soon as we find that venue, we will let you
guys know where our wedding is taking place. But this is
for sure that it will be the destination.
Next question, sister, how did you woo him?
Yes, brother, how did you grow it? It was
very simple. [laughter]
So okay, but tell me how did you increase it? I ca
n't tell this. How do I tell? Are you mad
? Do
n't tell me brother. I got impressed just like that.
It looked at me and I
liked it.
No, we used to have lunch together etc. and
she used to like my talks a lot.
He thought that this is a very nice girl.
Talking is the last thing. [laughter] Which I would have liked.
So what did you like before that?
Your nature nature nature from that.
Nature Talks Nature
Next question is it love or arranged
love
we have already told you that if we
tell then we will feel shy Next
question what work do you do
in the hospital yes there are many questions related to this
like what job do you do
what is your profession does the boy do anything or
not [laughs]
we both were in the same field we both have done
MLT but he has
studied more than me now I have left
studies
so that is it I am also a lab technician.
This was me and
I still am.
what happens next? Quickly make it four
million. Then they create the creator.
I was his senior among lab technicians. Now
in YouTube but she is my senior. The
world is round, friends. The world is round.
So one should never do harm to anyone.
Next question. Neha didi, what surgery did you have
? So first of all, thank
you so much for giving me so many good
wishes, it is because of your wishes that
I am standing so happy today.
I had appendicitis. He had undergone
surgery. I have had my appendix removed
because there was a slight infection there,
which happens sometimes. So
I went on a trip at the end of Feb.
I thoroughly enjoyed the trip.
Came home. Two days after coming home, I started having this pain, that is,
mild stomach ache. I started having
such a stinging pain. So
I thought it must be happening like this. I used to get
gas sometimes. I
eat out a lot. You also know it. So
what did I do? Then I took Jai and Anjali to the
hospital emergency. Then he said
that you have appendicitis. Your
appendix has been removed. He will definitely need an operation.
And as soon as I heard the name of the operation, I felt like
crying. And at first I f***ed it. I
told him this and I started crying like this.
Why should I cry, it's just an appendix. It is an
organ of no use. Dude, take it out and throw it away.
And then I f---ed Papa. Then mom was
with me. That too,
I went to the hospital because of my mother's insistence. Then after that, I went and took
some advice from everyone
[laughs] and the last
hospital I thought of was RG Stone,
then we went there and got our treatment done,
people think that she has got lipo suction done like the
fat removal that is done to lose
weight, no
one thought like that
brother, she was lying on an empty stomach,
drinking water, just this liquid diet,
liquid diet, for those two days in the hospital,
I did not eat anything, for a month I
ate only khichdi during the day, one roti in the morning and
two rotis in the evening and fruits, that's it, then
after a month, I had my surgery and
after the surgery, for another month I
ate light food. Yes, now I have got
used to it. Now I eat outside very
little. I don't feel like it either. I do
n't have an appendix.
An organ arrived.
Now [laughter]
next question. How did you
both meet similarly?
This was introduced to me by a friend of mine.
We Used to Hate Each Other Online?
Yes, I mean I saw her and then I saw as much as could be
seen with these two eyes.
Then something like this happened. But I do
n't like it online at all.
No friend, what is
this, it is cheap brother
Abhishek, lie
brother, look, that is not being cheap.
Flirting,
flirting was nothing, that was just
normal brother, you can tell someone or good
nice pic dear, that's it, flirting is not so much, no no no, no, do you want to
talk to him online, that's it,
next question [laughs]
what is your education, I have done
B.Sc. Sir,
I have done M.Sc. Next question,
this question is probably
related to the respect line that I had said, someone has asked the
meaning of love and respect because when there is a
fight, there is abuse in it, crying,
so what do you understand about it, does the other person
respect or not, you
tell me, you are a lady and this is a question for ladies
only [laughs], it can be
repaired a little, see brother,
fights do happen, but where abuse comes in the fight,
where you abuse each other, from there onwards,
then understand that nothing can be
right from now, see, the voice becomes
high and low, he is shouting at you
or I am shouting at him,
many people have this, many people have this, so
you We have to try to fight and the
fight gets solved. But you should never
say anything in a fight, so
maintain those boundaries, first of all do not
say anything that hurts the heart.
Secondly, never go to your parents or family. It is a
fight between two people, fight among yourselves.
Third, don't abuse brother. You should
not abuse at all.
Here you read it. Next question.
How did your family agree? Please reply.
So it was a little difficult to convince our family members.
But yes, he agreed because
we convinced him that he could trust us
that yes, he can take a good decision in his life.
Because your
parents are afraid that
something wrong might happen to their child tomorrow. So
when you also show them something better than before, then
they will think that yes,
whatever he does for himself in his life, he will do it for good.
But now he is happy. Now
he has seen it.
Obviously it was difficult. When they
see that the guy is doing well and is taking
things seriously in his life. He is
also taking some decisions. He is looking at you a little bit too.
So they also get some confidence
that whenever he
chooses anyone, MI will definitely choose him and say that brother, she
looks good. It is like this, it is like that. Isn't it?
So he must have done something after seeing something [sound of clearing throat].
Like I have to
do this so okay I have to do this.
No matter what anyone says. Apart from this, there is a
shortage of girls in the world.
Well [laughs] there's a
shortage of girls too. What happens
? I
mean, there is a shortage of good girls,
friend. Where can one find such beautiful girls?
Not so well. It was a little bit understandable for the
family members to think what people would say,
meaning my grandmother was first from others' side and my
grandmother was first from others' side as well.
So the family members do feel it a little bit.
But yes, when she analyzed everything overall,
she liked the boy too.
That's what happens, what will people say, but people will say it anyway.
You can do anything. People will say don't
listen to people. Untill unless your partner is
not good then you can listen to it. I will not praise you that much.
But yes, now I like our side.
Next question:
When is the wedding?
Oh, so
we have the wedding date in November or December,
our venue is not decided yet on some dates,
so we are
taking the venue according to the date, whichever date is vacant at whichever venue,
ok so next question is
where is brother-in-law from? Many
people have asked this question and especially
after our recent Harela festival,
more people asked this question that
where is brother-in-law from?
Like, I am also from Uttarakhand and
Harela is not celebrated everywhere in Uttarakhand. I
mean, both of us are from Uttarakhand, we are
both hill people. But she is a Garhwali and
we are Kumaonis, so Harela is celebrated in our place. It does
n't happen here.
Even in our Kumaon, there are many places where Harela is not celebrated.
What a good bonding there is between Garhwali and Kumaoni.
Next question.
Which fasts will have to be observed for a handsome
brother-in-law? I did
not give any instructions to keep the fast. If it is in your destiny, you will get it.
[laughs] If I'm
lucky, something will come along.
Friend, I will have to
listen to so much more noise. Oh,
do exercise, do this, do that, I mean
brother, look, if you are into fitness, it is
your responsibility to
push your partner too. If
both of you are fit, only then will you
push people who say such things
Next question,
what is the age of both of you? Look, you all
know mine, you will not believe it,
still I am telling you [laughs] it is 25 and
Abhishek's age is secret, but he is older than me,
but not by a year or two, he is a year older
Next question,
corrupt to understand. Bhatt is
also in the author states Where are you from? So yes,
this is a question like Bhatts are there in Kashmir also.
But this Bhatt is from Garhwal.
That's why he likes Bhatt's Chatwani so much [laughs].
Then I started having pain in my leg while sitting.
Next question.
How you guys met? How did you people decide you were
made for each other? What is Abhishek's
profession? I already know the profession. Rest how
you people decided you are made for each
other?
Yes, you will tell me first then.
My idea was simple. I like hardworking people.
All those hard working people became like my mother
, my sister. All the likes are such that they
work absolutely unstoppable in
whatever they do. But when I met him, I realized
that yes brother, Bandi Bhai Sahab works
hard, friend. So I
saw that she spends more of her share on her family than on herself.
Likes give them priority.
So I said, friend, this like is a big
thing. Like this is Judgey and
I have never seen Judgey
give so much priority to his family.
Guys, she praises me so much, just ask such questions.
Meaning this girl is strong. This is the main
point, brother, this guy is very
strong. I like that. Look at your turn,
I felt that it was a matter of
our turn. There is a fight going on. It
comes here. Whatever
comes out after taking everything into account is all about the total fight.
So it's a matter of one turn. There was a fight going on. Let me
tell you, I had
decided in our first month itself that he is the one. No
one gives you so much
priority in starting jobs. Like
you are in a relationship but still
friends, family and all other things come
first. But I saw that we had to go to
two different places. There were occasions at two different places.
One on my side, one on his side. So it got
bad there. When this happened to me,
that day I realized that yes, I do matter to him.
And then
you know a little bit that I have anger in me
but he doesn't have it at all, so whenever
I used to get angry, he used to calm me down
and calm me down means that if I am getting
angry then he also gets angry,
no, he makes me calm, I am talking calmly,
speak calmly, he annoys me,
then I make him so angry that he is making me angry, he is
not saying anything to me, what should I say now, what should I
say now, from there I felt that no, this is it,
I mean, whatever is
lacking in me regarding anger, he will correct it
and make me wise and anyway, it should be there
in a relationship. If one is
angry then the other should be calm. It's
very important to be smart [laughs]. It
is very important to have it.
Next question.
What was the total expense value on your
engagement? Basically,
I am not showing off like that.
And I am telling you the truth.
If we calculate the total expense of the engagement, it comes
to ₹ lakh. It's a bit much.
But I had to do all this. So I just
wanted to do it in the engagement so I
spent money. I just mean this was not a show off.
Like is in everyone's mind, such
boys have it in their mind that like
brother, I want this bike, I want this car.
So even if he
buys a bike of his choice, but if he has
money then he will be convinced that friend,
why don't I fulfill what I had in my mind once.
What happened? So brother, I
fully supported him. I told you brother, you do whatever
you feel is right.
Even my family members did not stop me. He
also did not do it. They knew that if it had to be done then let it be done.
It requires hard work. So that's it.
So, if the
next question is about the engagement
day, I think
what did you say in the years?
I had nothing going on in years. I was
telling him that I am not able to walk in
my gown.
She was saying, friend, this gown is getting stuck.
I said why didn't I try this much.
I did not take a trial walk like this. I don't know if
I even took it.
I told him, brother, you keep going. I will pick it up. There is no
one to raise it. It means to
move forward. This is how it has to be done. This is how it has to be done.
How to do it?
This is what I wanted. I told you the right thing, brother,
walk slowly and comfortably. Take it easy, take it slow.
[laughter] I said I'm going slowly,
brother. I am walking slowly.
This was all that was going on in my ears. And while the dance was
going on, all that was going on in my ears was, what a
great dance you had.
How brother?
Next question.
What is the height of both of them?
Tell me, tell me your height.
Mine might be 52. Maybe I am
not sure, it could be three also.
But mine is 51 like 510 plus something.
So I will accept that as 51.
Next question. How did
you manage intercaste marriage? Yes, you are the
host Satai and he is a Brahmin
Pandit.
How does anyone know this?
Hey, where are you going?
Yes, that is true. It's God's blessing, friend.
Day and night there is worship, blessings and grace of the family members. That is all. The
family members agreed. Our family members are very kind to us, so
thank you brother.
How long have you guys been in a relationship [laughs]
and when did you meet each other for the first time
? If
I tell you this question, I will
answer it after marriage. Can't give it right now.
Some things will look better if we reveal them after marriage.
We are not at all comfortable in telling everything like this. I will
tell you everything once I get married. Then I will tell you openly. It is
wide, right? Right now we are in a little bit of a wide area.
Then we will become a little like this again.
Yes wow, our questions are over.
Whatever is left, don't look at it, to be honest.
We have read whatever is left and you need answers to your questions.
We will answer them for you after marriage.
Not secret, private. Private. Now we will
reveal it to you after the marriage. So guys, that's all the
questions we answered for today.
If you need more such Q&A then
you can drop the question in the comment.
We will answer your questions.
Rest thanks for watching.
So Guys that's it for today. Otherwise, if you have
any questions that you can answer right now,
you can comment. Something may be left.
So if you want us to
make any videos like challenges and all that
thing then we will try that. That's all for now
in this blog.
Yes, don't leave without subscribing to the channel
and if you liked the video then do like,
comment and share it.
Keep your love for us like this. See you
in the next video. Bye till then. Turn it off.
