Hello guys, welcome back to my channel.  And Hello guys, welcome back to my channel.  And Hello guys, welcome back to my channel.  And with me again today is my Fionn. with me again today is my Fionn. with me again today is my Fionn. Today we'll answer your questions.  You Today we'll answer your questions.  You Today we'll answer your questions.  You people were complaining for a long time.  So people were complaining for a long time.  So people were complaining for a long time.  So I have written it today and I have brought this also. I have written it today and I have brought this also. Today we are going to do Q&A.  Whatever Today we are going to do Q&A.  Whatever Today we are going to do Q&A.  Whatever questions you ask us, today we are going to questions you ask us, today we are going to questions you ask us, today we are going to answer all of them. answer all of them. answer all of them. First question.  So the first question is one First question.  So the first question is one First question.  So the first question is one answer please.  Which app do you use to edit your videos answer please.  Which app do you use to edit your videos answer please.  Which app do you use to edit your videos ?  I mostly edit my videos ?  I mostly edit my videos ?  I mostly edit my videos on VN and on VN and on VN and sometimes sometimes sometimes I find VN a bit more advanced than these shorts I find VN a bit more advanced than these shorts and I have purchased advance in these and I have purchased advance in these and I have purchased advance in these brother, we are rich people, we are not the free brother, we are rich people, we are not the free brother, we are rich people, we are not the free ones, we see ads after every video, ones, we see ads after every video, ones, we see ads after every video, move on to the next question, will this move on to the next question, will this move on to the next question, will this brother also turn out to be a scoundrel? [laughs] brother also turn out to be a scoundrel? [laughs] brother also turn out to be a scoundrel? [laughs] no no brother he cannot be, no no brother he cannot be, no no brother he cannot be, but this sister can definitely turn out to be a scoundrel but this sister can definitely turn out to be a scoundrel but this sister can definitely turn out to be a scoundrel brother, no no no brother, no no no brother, no no no brother he cannot be a scoundrel. brother he cannot be a scoundrel. brother he cannot be a scoundrel. I can say this 110%.   I I can say this 110%.   I I can say this 110%.   I can speak with my eyes closed. can speak with my eyes closed. can speak with my eyes closed. Speak with your eyes closed. Speak with your eyes closed. Speak with your eyes closed. No brother, scoundrels cannot do this. No brother, scoundrels cannot do this. No brother, scoundrels cannot do this. Next question: Where will you get married? Next question: Where will you get married? Next question: Where will you get married? Nice question.  Well, Nice question.  Well, Nice question.  Well, we don't have the answer to this yet.  But yes, as far as we don't have the answer to this yet.  But yes, as far as we don't have the answer to this yet.  But yes, as far as we have thought, we will tell you that if we have thought, we will tell you that if we have thought, we will tell you that if we do it, we will do a destination we do it, we will do a destination we do it, we will do a destination marriage only.  But he could be anywhere.  It could be marriage only.  But he could be anywhere.  It could be marriage only.  But he could be anywhere.  It could be Jaipur, Udaipur, Uttarakhand or anywhere else. Jaipur, Udaipur, Uttarakhand or anywhere else. Jaipur, Udaipur, Uttarakhand or anywhere else. Like we can't Like we can't Like we can't find venues right now.  So as soon as our venue is find venues right now.  So as soon as our venue is find venues right now.  So as soon as our venue is decided, we will decided, we will decided, we will get the venue within our budget, neither do we want it to be too low nor get the venue within our budget, neither do we want it to be too low nor get the venue within our budget, neither do we want it to be too low nor too high.  We have to get too high.  We have to get too high.  We have to get married through a very mean medium.  So married through a very mean medium.  So married through a very mean medium.  So as soon as we find that venue, we will let you as soon as we find that venue, we will let you as soon as we find that venue, we will let you guys know where our wedding is taking place.  But this is guys know where our wedding is taking place.  But this is for sure that it will be the destination. for sure that it will be the destination. for sure that it will be the destination. Next question, sister, how did you woo him? Next question, sister, how did you woo him? Next question, sister, how did you woo him? Yes, brother, how did you grow it?   It was Yes, brother, how did you grow it?   It was Yes, brother, how did you grow it?   It was very simple.  [laughter] very simple.  [laughter] very simple.  [laughter] So okay, but tell me how did you increase it?   I ca So okay, but tell me how did you increase it?   I ca So okay, but tell me how did you increase it?   I ca n't tell this.  How do I tell?  Are you mad n't tell this.  How do I tell?  Are you mad n't tell this.  How do I tell?  Are you mad ?   Do ?   Do ?   Do n't tell me brother.   I got impressed just like that. n't tell me brother.   I got impressed just like that. n't tell me brother.   I got impressed just like that. It looked at me and I It looked at me and I It looked at me and I liked it. liked it. liked it. No, we used to have lunch together etc. and No, we used to have lunch together etc. and No, we used to have lunch together etc. and she used to like my talks a lot. she used to like my talks a lot. she used to like my talks a lot. He thought that this is a very nice girl. He thought that this is a very nice girl. He thought that this is a very nice girl. Talking is the last thing.  [laughter] Which I would have liked. Talking is the last thing.  [laughter] Which I would have liked. Talking is the last thing.  [laughter] Which I would have liked. So what did you like before that? So what did you like before that? So what did you like before that? Your nature nature nature from that. Your nature nature nature from that. Your nature nature nature from that. Nature Talks Nature Nature Talks Nature Nature Talks Nature Next question is it love or arranged Next question is it love or arranged Next question is it love or arranged love love love we have already told you that if we we have already told you that if we we have already told you that if we tell then we will feel shy Next tell then we will feel shy Next tell then we will feel shy Next question what work do you do question what work do you do question what work do you do in the hospital yes there are many questions related to this in the hospital yes there are many questions related to this in the hospital yes there are many questions related to this like what job do you do like what job do you do like what job do you do what is your profession does the boy do anything or what is your profession does the boy do anything or what is your profession does the boy do anything or not [laughs] not [laughs] not [laughs] we both were in the same field we both have done we both were in the same field we both have done we both were in the same field we both have done MLT but he has MLT but he has MLT but he has studied more than me now I have left studied more than me now I have left studied more than me now I have left studies studies studies so that is it I am also a lab technician. so that is it I am also a lab technician. so that is it I am also a lab technician. This was me and This was me and This was me and I still am. I still am. I still am. what happens next?  Quickly make it four what happens next?  Quickly make it four what happens next?  Quickly make it four million.  Then they create the creator. million.  Then they create the creator. million.  Then they create the creator. I was his senior among lab technicians.  Now I was his senior among lab technicians.  Now I was his senior among lab technicians.  Now in YouTube but she is my senior.   The in YouTube but she is my senior.   The in YouTube but she is my senior.   The world is round, friends.  The world is round. world is round, friends.  The world is round. world is round, friends.  The world is round. So one should never do harm to anyone. So one should never do harm to anyone. So one should never do harm to anyone. Next question.  Neha didi, what surgery did you have Next question.  Neha didi, what surgery did you have Next question.  Neha didi, what surgery did you have ?  So first of all, thank ?  So first of all, thank ?  So first of all, thank you so much for giving me so many good you so much for giving me so many good you so much for giving me so many good wishes, it is because of your wishes that wishes, it is because of your wishes that wishes, it is because of your wishes that I am standing so happy today. I am standing so happy today. I am standing so happy today. I had appendicitis.  He had undergone I had appendicitis.  He had undergone I had appendicitis.  He had undergone surgery.  I have had my appendix removed surgery.  I have had my appendix removed surgery.  I have had my appendix removed because there was a slight infection there, because there was a slight infection there, because there was a slight infection there, which happens sometimes.  So which happens sometimes.  So which happens sometimes.  So I went on a trip at the end of Feb. I went on a trip at the end of Feb. I went on a trip at the end of Feb. I thoroughly enjoyed the trip. I thoroughly enjoyed the trip. I thoroughly enjoyed the trip. Came home.  Two days after coming home, I started having this pain, that is, Came home.  Two days after coming home, I started having this pain, that is, Came home.  Two days after coming home, I started having this pain, that is, mild stomach ache.  I started having mild stomach ache.  I started having mild stomach ache.  I started having such a stinging pain.  So such a stinging pain.  So such a stinging pain.  So I thought it must be happening like this.  I used to get I thought it must be happening like this.  I used to get I thought it must be happening like this.  I used to get gas sometimes.  I gas sometimes.  I gas sometimes.  I eat out a lot.  You also know it.  So eat out a lot.  You also know it.  So eat out a lot.  You also know it.  So what did I do?  Then I took Jai and Anjali to the what did I do?  Then I took Jai and Anjali to the what did I do?  Then I took Jai and Anjali to the hospital emergency.  Then he said hospital emergency.  Then he said hospital emergency.  Then he said that you have appendicitis.  Your that you have appendicitis.  Your that you have appendicitis.  Your appendix has been removed.  He will definitely need an operation. appendix has been removed.  He will definitely need an operation. appendix has been removed.  He will definitely need an operation. And as soon as I heard the name of the operation, I felt like And as soon as I heard the name of the operation, I felt like And as soon as I heard the name of the operation, I felt like crying.  And at first I f***ed it.  I crying.  And at first I f***ed it.  I crying.  And at first I f***ed it.  I told him this and I started crying like this. told him this and I started crying like this. told him this and I started crying like this. Why should I cry, it's just an appendix.  It is an Why should I cry, it's just an appendix.  It is an Why should I cry, it's just an appendix.  It is an organ of no use.  Dude, take it out and throw it away. organ of no use.  Dude, take it out and throw it away. organ of no use.  Dude, take it out and throw it away. And then I f---ed Papa.  Then mom was And then I f---ed Papa.  Then mom was And then I f---ed Papa.  Then mom was with me.  That too, with me.  That too, with me.  That too, I went to the hospital because of my mother's insistence.  Then after that, I went and took I went to the hospital because of my mother's insistence.  Then after that, I went and took I went to the hospital because of my mother's insistence.  Then after that, I went and took some advice from everyone some advice from everyone some advice from everyone [laughs] and the last [laughs] and the last [laughs] and the last hospital I thought of was RG Stone, hospital I thought of was RG Stone, hospital I thought of was RG Stone, then we went there and got our treatment done, then we went there and got our treatment done, then we went there and got our treatment done, people think that she has got lipo suction done like the people think that she has got lipo suction done like the people think that she has got lipo suction done like the fat removal that is done to lose fat removal that is done to lose fat removal that is done to lose weight, no weight, no weight, no one thought like that one thought like that one thought like that brother, she was lying on an empty stomach, brother, she was lying on an empty stomach, brother, she was lying on an empty stomach, drinking water, just this liquid diet, drinking water, just this liquid diet, drinking water, just this liquid diet, liquid diet, for those two days in the hospital, liquid diet, for those two days in the hospital, liquid diet, for those two days in the hospital, I did not eat anything, for a month I I did not eat anything, for a month I I did not eat anything, for a month I ate only khichdi during the day, one roti in the morning and ate only khichdi during the day, one roti in the morning and ate only khichdi during the day, one roti in the morning and two rotis in the evening and fruits, that's it, then two rotis in the evening and fruits, that's it, then two rotis in the evening and fruits, that's it, then after a month, I had my surgery and after a month, I had my surgery and after a month, I had my surgery and after the surgery, for another month I after the surgery, for another month I after the surgery, for another month I ate light food.  Yes, now I have got ate light food.  Yes, now I have got ate light food.  Yes, now I have got used to it.  Now I eat outside very used to it.  Now I eat outside very used to it.  Now I eat outside very little.  I don't feel like it either.   I do little.  I don't feel like it either.   I do little.  I don't feel like it either.   I do n't have an appendix. n't have an appendix. n't have an appendix. An organ arrived. An organ arrived. An organ arrived. Now [laughter] Now [laughter] Now [laughter] next question.   How did you next question.   How did you next question.   How did you both meet similarly? both meet similarly? both meet similarly? This was introduced to me by a friend of mine. This was introduced to me by a friend of mine. This was introduced to me by a friend of mine. We Used to Hate Each Other Online? We Used to Hate Each Other Online? We Used to Hate Each Other Online? Yes, I mean I saw her and then I saw as much as could be Yes, I mean I saw her and then I saw as much as could be Yes, I mean I saw her and then I saw as much as could be seen with these two eyes. seen with these two eyes. seen with these two eyes. Then something like this happened.  But I do Then something like this happened.  But I do Then something like this happened.  But I do n't like it online at all. n't like it online at all. n't like it online at all. No friend, what is No friend, what is No friend, what is this, it is cheap brother this, it is cheap brother this, it is cheap brother Abhishek, lie Abhishek, lie Abhishek, lie brother, look, that is not being cheap. brother, look, that is not being cheap. brother, look, that is not being cheap. Flirting, Flirting, Flirting, flirting was nothing, that was just flirting was nothing, that was just flirting was nothing, that was just normal brother, you can tell someone or good normal brother, you can tell someone or good normal brother, you can tell someone or good nice pic dear, that's it, flirting is not so much, no no no, no, do you want to nice pic dear, that's it, flirting is not so much, no no no, no, do you want to talk to him online, that's it, talk to him online, that's it, talk to him online, that's it, next question [laughs] next question [laughs] next question [laughs] what is your education, I have done what is your education, I have done what is your education, I have done B.Sc. Sir, B.Sc. Sir, B.Sc. Sir, I have done M.Sc. Next question, I have done M.Sc. Next question, I have done M.Sc. Next question, this question is probably this question is probably this question is probably related to the respect line that I had said, someone has asked the related to the respect line that I had said, someone has asked the related to the respect line that I had said, someone has asked the meaning of love and respect because when there is a meaning of love and respect because when there is a meaning of love and respect because when there is a fight, there is abuse in it, crying, fight, there is abuse in it, crying, fight, there is abuse in it, crying, so what do you understand about it, does the other person so what do you understand about it, does the other person so what do you understand about it, does the other person respect or not, you respect or not, you respect or not, you tell me, you are a lady and this is a question for ladies tell me, you are a lady and this is a question for ladies tell me, you are a lady and this is a question for ladies only [laughs], it can be only [laughs], it can be only [laughs], it can be repaired a little, see brother, repaired a little, see brother, repaired a little, see brother, fights do happen, but where abuse comes in the fight, fights do happen, but where abuse comes in the fight, fights do happen, but where abuse comes in the fight, where you abuse each other, from there onwards, where you abuse each other, from there onwards, where you abuse each other, from there onwards, then understand that nothing can be then understand that nothing can be then understand that nothing can be right from now, see, the voice becomes right from now, see, the voice becomes right from now, see, the voice becomes high and low, he is shouting at you high and low, he is shouting at you high and low, he is shouting at you or I am shouting at him, or I am shouting at him, or I am shouting at him, many people have this, many people have this, so many people have this, many people have this, so many people have this, many people have this, so you  We have to try to fight and the you  We have to try to fight and the you  We have to try to fight and the fight gets solved.  But you should never fight gets solved.  But you should never fight gets solved.  But you should never say anything in a fight, so say anything in a fight, so say anything in a fight, so maintain those boundaries, first of all do not maintain those boundaries, first of all do not maintain those boundaries, first of all do not say anything that hurts the heart. say anything that hurts the heart. say anything that hurts the heart. Secondly, never go to your parents or family.  It is a Secondly, never go to your parents or family.  It is a Secondly, never go to your parents or family.  It is a fight between two people, fight among yourselves. fight between two people, fight among yourselves. fight between two people, fight among yourselves. Third, don't abuse brother.  You should Third, don't abuse brother.  You should Third, don't abuse brother.  You should not abuse at all. not abuse at all. not abuse at all. Here you read it.  Next question. Here you read it.  Next question. Here you read it.  Next question. How did your family agree?  Please reply. How did your family agree?  Please reply. How did your family agree?  Please reply. So it was a little difficult to convince our family members. So it was a little difficult to convince our family members. So it was a little difficult to convince our family members. But yes, he agreed because But yes, he agreed because But yes, he agreed because we convinced him that he could trust us we convinced him that he could trust us we convinced him that he could trust us that yes, he can take a good decision in his life. that yes, he can take a good decision in his life. that yes, he can take a good decision in his life. Because your Because your Because your parents are afraid that parents are afraid that parents are afraid that something wrong might happen to their child tomorrow.  So something wrong might happen to their child tomorrow.  So something wrong might happen to their child tomorrow.  So when you also show them something better than before, then when you also show them something better than before, then when you also show them something better than before, then they will think that yes, they will think that yes, they will think that yes, whatever he does for himself in his life, he will do it for good. whatever he does for himself in his life, he will do it for good. whatever he does for himself in his life, he will do it for good. But now he is happy.  Now But now he is happy.  Now But now he is happy.  Now he has seen it. he has seen it. he has seen it. Obviously it was difficult.  When they Obviously it was difficult.  When they Obviously it was difficult.  When they see that the guy is doing well and is taking see that the guy is doing well and is taking see that the guy is doing well and is taking things seriously in his life.  He is things seriously in his life.  He is things seriously in his life.  He is also taking some decisions.  He is looking at you a little bit too. also taking some decisions.  He is looking at you a little bit too. also taking some decisions.  He is looking at you a little bit too. So they also get some confidence So they also get some confidence So they also get some confidence that whenever he that whenever he that whenever he chooses anyone, MI will definitely choose him and say that brother, she chooses anyone, MI will definitely choose him and say that brother, she chooses anyone, MI will definitely choose him and say that brother, she looks good.  It is like this, it is like that.  Isn't it? looks good.  It is like this, it is like that.  Isn't it? looks good.  It is like this, it is like that.  Isn't it? So he must have done something after seeing something [sound of clearing throat]. So he must have done something after seeing something [sound of clearing throat]. So he must have done something after seeing something [sound of clearing throat]. Like I have to Like I have to Like I have to do this so okay I have to do this. do this so okay I have to do this. do this so okay I have to do this. No matter what anyone says.  Apart from this, there is a No matter what anyone says.  Apart from this, there is a No matter what anyone says.  Apart from this, there is a shortage of girls in the world. shortage of girls in the world. shortage of girls in the world. Well [laughs] there's a Well [laughs] there's a Well [laughs] there's a shortage of girls too.  What happens shortage of girls too.  What happens shortage of girls too.  What happens ?   I ?   I ?   I mean, there is a shortage of good girls, mean, there is a shortage of good girls, mean, there is a shortage of good girls, friend.  Where can one find such beautiful girls? friend.  Where can one find such beautiful girls? friend.  Where can one find such beautiful girls? Not so well.  It was a little bit understandable for the Not so well.  It was a little bit understandable for the Not so well.  It was a little bit understandable for the family members to think what people would say, family members to think what people would say, family members to think what people would say, meaning my grandmother was first from others' side and my meaning my grandmother was first from others' side and my meaning my grandmother was first from others' side and my grandmother was first from others' side as well. grandmother was first from others' side as well. grandmother was first from others' side as well. So the family members do feel it a little bit. So the family members do feel it a little bit. So the family members do feel it a little bit. But yes, when she analyzed everything overall, But yes, when she analyzed everything overall, But yes, when she analyzed everything overall, she liked the boy too. she liked the boy too. she liked the boy too. That's what happens, what will people say, but people will say it anyway. That's what happens, what will people say, but people will say it anyway. You can do anything.  People will say don't You can do anything.  People will say don't You can do anything.  People will say don't listen to people.  Untill unless your partner is listen to people.  Untill unless your partner is listen to people.  Untill unless your partner is not good then you can listen to it.  I will not praise you that much. not good then you can listen to it.  I will not praise you that much. not good then you can listen to it.  I will not praise you that much. But yes, now I like our side. But yes, now I like our side. Next question: Next question: Next question: When is the wedding? When is the wedding? When is the wedding? Oh, so Oh, so Oh, so we have the wedding date in November or December, we have the wedding date in November or December, we have the wedding date in November or December, our venue is not decided yet on some dates, our venue is not decided yet on some dates, our venue is not decided yet on some dates, so we are so we are so we are taking the venue according to the date, whichever date is vacant at whichever venue, taking the venue according to the date, whichever date is vacant at whichever venue, ok so next question is ok so next question is ok so next question is where is brother-in-law from?  Many where is brother-in-law from?  Many where is brother-in-law from?  Many people have asked this question and especially people have asked this question and especially people have asked this question and especially after our recent Harela festival, after our recent Harela festival, after our recent Harela festival, more people asked this question that more people asked this question that more people asked this question that where is brother-in-law from? where is brother-in-law from? where is brother-in-law from? Like, I am also from Uttarakhand and Like, I am also from Uttarakhand and Like, I am also from Uttarakhand and Harela is not celebrated everywhere in Uttarakhand.   I Harela is not celebrated everywhere in Uttarakhand.   I Harela is not celebrated everywhere in Uttarakhand.   I mean, both of us are from Uttarakhand, we are mean, both of us are from Uttarakhand, we are mean, both of us are from Uttarakhand, we are both hill people.  But she is a Garhwali and both hill people.  But she is a Garhwali and both hill people.  But she is a Garhwali and we are Kumaonis, so Harela is celebrated in our place.   It does we are Kumaonis, so Harela is celebrated in our place.   It does we are Kumaonis, so Harela is celebrated in our place.   It does n't happen here. n't happen here. n't happen here. Even in our Kumaon, there are many places where Harela is not celebrated. Even in our Kumaon, there are many places where Harela is not celebrated. What a good bonding there is between Garhwali and Kumaoni. What a good bonding there is between Garhwali and Kumaoni. What a good bonding there is between Garhwali and Kumaoni. Next question. Next question. Next question. Which fasts will have to be observed for a handsome Which fasts will have to be observed for a handsome Which fasts will have to be observed for a handsome brother-in-law?   I did brother-in-law?   I did brother-in-law?   I did not give any instructions to keep the fast.  If it is in your destiny, you will get it. not give any instructions to keep the fast.  If it is in your destiny, you will get it. not give any instructions to keep the fast.  If it is in your destiny, you will get it. [laughs] If I'm [laughs] If I'm [laughs] If I'm lucky, something will come along. lucky, something will come along. lucky, something will come along. Friend, I will have to Friend, I will have to Friend, I will have to listen to so much more noise.  Oh, listen to so much more noise.  Oh, listen to so much more noise.  Oh, do exercise, do this, do that, I mean do exercise, do this, do that, I mean do exercise, do this, do that, I mean brother, look, if you are into fitness, it is brother, look, if you are into fitness, it is brother, look, if you are into fitness, it is your responsibility to your responsibility to your responsibility to push your partner too. If push your partner too. If push your partner too. If both of you are fit, only then will you both of you are fit, only then will you both of you are fit, only then will you push people who say such things push people who say such things push people who say such things Next question, Next question, Next question, what is the age of both of you? Look, you all what is the age of both of you? Look, you all what is the age of both of you? Look, you all know mine, you will not believe it, know mine, you will not believe it, know mine, you will not believe it, still I am telling you [laughs] it is 25 and still I am telling you [laughs] it is 25 and still I am telling you [laughs] it is 25 and Abhishek's age is secret, but he is older than me, Abhishek's age is secret, but he is older than me, Abhishek's age is secret, but he is older than me, but not by a year or two, he is a year older but not by a year or two, he is a year older but not by a year or two, he is a year older Next question, Next question, Next question, corrupt to understand.  Bhatt is corrupt to understand.  Bhatt is corrupt to understand.  Bhatt is also in the author states Where are you from?  So yes, also in the author states Where are you from?  So yes, also in the author states Where are you from?  So yes, this is a question like Bhatts are there in Kashmir also. this is a question like Bhatts are there in Kashmir also. But this Bhatt is from Garhwal. But this Bhatt is from Garhwal. But this Bhatt is from Garhwal. That's why he likes Bhatt's Chatwani so much [laughs]. That's why he likes Bhatt's Chatwani so much [laughs]. Then I started having pain in my leg while sitting. Then I started having pain in my leg while sitting. Then I started having pain in my leg while sitting. Next question. Next question. Next question. How you guys met?  How did you people decide you were How you guys met?  How did you people decide you were How you guys met?  How did you people decide you were made for each other?  What is Abhishek's made for each other?  What is Abhishek's made for each other?  What is Abhishek's profession?  I already know the profession.  Rest how profession?  I already know the profession.  Rest how profession?  I already know the profession.  Rest how you people decided you are made for each you people decided you are made for each you people decided you are made for each other? other? other? Yes, you will tell me first then. Yes, you will tell me first then. Yes, you will tell me first then. My idea was simple.  I like hardworking people. My idea was simple.  I like hardworking people. My idea was simple.  I like hardworking people. All those hard working people became like my mother All those hard working people became like my mother All those hard working people became like my mother , my sister.  All the likes are such that they , my sister.  All the likes are such that they , my sister.  All the likes are such that they work absolutely unstoppable in work absolutely unstoppable in work absolutely unstoppable in whatever they do.  But when I met him, I realized whatever they do.  But when I met him, I realized whatever they do.  But when I met him, I realized that yes brother, Bandi Bhai Sahab works that yes brother, Bandi Bhai Sahab works that yes brother, Bandi Bhai Sahab works hard, friend.  So I hard, friend.  So I hard, friend.  So I saw that she spends more of her share on her family than on herself. saw that she spends more of her share on her family than on herself. Likes give them priority. Likes give them priority. Likes give them priority. So I said, friend, this like is a big So I said, friend, this like is a big So I said, friend, this like is a big thing.  Like this is Judgey and thing.  Like this is Judgey and thing.  Like this is Judgey and I have never seen Judgey I have never seen Judgey I have never seen Judgey give so much priority to his family. give so much priority to his family. give so much priority to his family. Guys, she praises me so much, just ask such questions. Guys, she praises me so much, just ask such questions. Meaning this girl is strong.  This is the main Meaning this girl is strong.  This is the main Meaning this girl is strong.  This is the main point, brother, this guy is very point, brother, this guy is very point, brother, this guy is very strong.  I like that.  Look at your turn, strong.  I like that.  Look at your turn, strong.  I like that.  Look at your turn, I felt that it was a matter of I felt that it was a matter of I felt that it was a matter of our turn.  There is a fight going on.   It our turn.  There is a fight going on.   It our turn.  There is a fight going on.   It comes here.  Whatever comes here.  Whatever comes here.  Whatever comes out after taking everything into account is all about the total fight. comes out after taking everything into account is all about the total fight. comes out after taking everything into account is all about the total fight. So it's a matter of one turn.  There was a fight going on.   Let me So it's a matter of one turn.  There was a fight going on.   Let me So it's a matter of one turn.  There was a fight going on.   Let me tell you, I had tell you, I had tell you, I had decided in our first month itself that he is the one.   No decided in our first month itself that he is the one.   No decided in our first month itself that he is the one.   No one gives you so much one gives you so much one gives you so much priority in starting jobs.  Like priority in starting jobs.  Like priority in starting jobs.  Like you are in a relationship but still you are in a relationship but still you are in a relationship but still friends, family and all other things come friends, family and all other things come friends, family and all other things come first.  But I saw that we had to go to first.  But I saw that we had to go to first.  But I saw that we had to go to two different places.  There were occasions at two different places. two different places.  There were occasions at two different places. two different places.  There were occasions at two different places. One on my side, one on his side.  So it got One on my side, one on his side.  So it got One on my side, one on his side.  So it got bad there.  When this happened to me, bad there.  When this happened to me, bad there.  When this happened to me, that day I realized that yes, I do matter to him. that day I realized that yes, I do matter to him. that day I realized that yes, I do matter to him. And then And then And then you know a little bit that I have anger in me you know a little bit that I have anger in me you know a little bit that I have anger in me but he doesn't have it at all, so whenever but he doesn't have it at all, so whenever but he doesn't have it at all, so whenever I used to get angry, he used to calm me down I used to get angry, he used to calm me down I used to get angry, he used to calm me down and calm me down means that if I am getting and calm me down means that if I am getting and calm me down means that if I am getting angry then he also gets angry, angry then he also gets angry, angry then he also gets angry, no, he makes me calm, I am talking calmly, no, he makes me calm, I am talking calmly, no, he makes me calm, I am talking calmly, speak calmly, he annoys me, speak calmly, he annoys me, speak calmly, he annoys me, then I make him so angry that he is making me angry, he is then I make him so angry that he is making me angry, he is not saying anything to me, what should I say now, what should I not saying anything to me, what should I say now, what should I not saying anything to me, what should I say now, what should I say now, from there I felt that no, this is it, say now, from there I felt that no, this is it, say now, from there I felt that no, this is it, I mean, whatever is I mean, whatever is I mean, whatever is lacking in me regarding anger, he will correct it lacking in me regarding anger, he will correct it lacking in me regarding anger, he will correct it and make me wise and anyway, it should be there and make me wise and anyway, it should be there and make me wise and anyway, it should be there in a relationship.  If one is in a relationship.  If one is in a relationship.  If one is angry then the other should be calm.   It's angry then the other should be calm.   It's angry then the other should be calm.   It's very important to be smart [laughs].   It very important to be smart [laughs].   It very important to be smart [laughs].   It is very important to have it. is very important to have it. is very important to have it. Next question. Next question. Next question. What was the total expense value on your What was the total expense value on your What was the total expense value on your engagement?   Basically, engagement?   Basically, engagement?   Basically, I am not showing off like that. I am not showing off like that. I am not showing off like that. And I am telling you the truth. And I am telling you the truth. And I am telling you the truth. If we calculate the total expense of the engagement, it comes If we calculate the total expense of the engagement, it comes If we calculate the total expense of the engagement, it comes to ₹ lakh.  It's a bit much. to ₹ lakh.  It's a bit much. to ₹ lakh.  It's a bit much. But I had to do all this.  So I just But I had to do all this.  So I just But I had to do all this.  So I just wanted to do it in the engagement so I wanted to do it in the engagement so I wanted to do it in the engagement so I spent money.  I just mean this was not a show off. spent money.  I just mean this was not a show off. spent money.  I just mean this was not a show off. Like is in everyone's mind, such Like is in everyone's mind, such Like is in everyone's mind, such boys have it in their mind that like boys have it in their mind that like boys have it in their mind that like brother, I want this bike, I want this car. brother, I want this bike, I want this car. brother, I want this bike, I want this car. So even if he So even if he So even if he buys a bike of his choice, but if he has buys a bike of his choice, but if he has buys a bike of his choice, but if he has money then he will be convinced that friend, money then he will be convinced that friend, money then he will be convinced that friend, why don't I fulfill what I had in my mind once. why don't I fulfill what I had in my mind once. why don't I fulfill what I had in my mind once. What happened?  So brother, I What happened?  So brother, I What happened?  So brother, I fully supported him.  I told you brother, you do whatever fully supported him.  I told you brother, you do whatever fully supported him.  I told you brother, you do whatever you feel is right. you feel is right. you feel is right. Even my family members did not stop me.   He Even my family members did not stop me.   He Even my family members did not stop me.   He also did not do it.  They knew that if it had to be done then let it be done. also did not do it.  They knew that if it had to be done then let it be done. also did not do it.  They knew that if it had to be done then let it be done. It requires hard work.   So that's it. It requires hard work.   So that's it. It requires hard work.   So that's it. So, if the So, if the So, if the next question is about the engagement next question is about the engagement next question is about the engagement day, I think day, I think day, I think what did you say in the years? what did you say in the years? what did you say in the years? I had nothing going on in years.  I was I had nothing going on in years.  I was I had nothing going on in years.  I was telling him that I am not able to walk in telling him that I am not able to walk in telling him that I am not able to walk in my gown. my gown. my gown. She was saying, friend, this gown is getting stuck. She was saying, friend, this gown is getting stuck. She was saying, friend, this gown is getting stuck. I said why didn't I try this much. I said why didn't I try this much. I said why didn't I try this much. I did not take a trial walk like this.  I don't know if I did not take a trial walk like this.  I don't know if I did not take a trial walk like this.  I don't know if I even took it. I even took it. I even took it. I told him, brother, you keep going.  I will pick it up.  There is no I told him, brother, you keep going.  I will pick it up.  There is no I told him, brother, you keep going.  I will pick it up.  There is no one to raise it.  It means to one to raise it.  It means to one to raise it.  It means to move forward.  This is how it has to be done.  This is how it has to be done. move forward.  This is how it has to be done.  This is how it has to be done. move forward.  This is how it has to be done.  This is how it has to be done. How to do it? How to do it? How to do it? This is what I wanted.  I told you the right thing, brother, This is what I wanted.  I told you the right thing, brother, This is what I wanted.  I told you the right thing, brother, walk slowly and comfortably.  Take it easy, take it slow. walk slowly and comfortably.  Take it easy, take it slow. walk slowly and comfortably.  Take it easy, take it slow. [laughter] I said I'm going slowly, [laughter] I said I'm going slowly, [laughter] I said I'm going slowly, brother.  I am walking slowly. brother.  I am walking slowly. brother.  I am walking slowly. This was all that was going on in my ears.  And while the dance was This was all that was going on in my ears.  And while the dance was This was all that was going on in my ears.  And while the dance was going on, all that was going on in my ears was, what a going on, all that was going on in my ears was, what a going on, all that was going on in my ears was, what a great dance you had. great dance you had. great dance you had. How brother? How brother? How brother? Next question. Next question. Next question. What is the height of both of them? What is the height of both of them? What is the height of both of them? Tell me, tell me your height. Tell me, tell me your height. Tell me, tell me your height. Mine might be 52.  Maybe I am Mine might be 52.  Maybe I am Mine might be 52.  Maybe I am not sure, it could be three also. not sure, it could be three also. not sure, it could be three also. But mine is 51 like 510 plus something. But mine is 51 like 510 plus something. But mine is 51 like 510 plus something. So I will accept that as 51. So I will accept that as 51. So I will accept that as 51. Next question.   How did Next question.   How did Next question.   How did you manage intercaste marriage?  Yes, you are the you manage intercaste marriage?  Yes, you are the you manage intercaste marriage?  Yes, you are the host Satai and he is a Brahmin host Satai and he is a Brahmin host Satai and he is a Brahmin Pandit. Pandit. Pandit. How does anyone know this? How does anyone know this? How does anyone know this? Hey, where are you going? Hey, where are you going? Hey, where are you going? Yes, that is true.  It's God's blessing, friend. Yes, that is true.  It's God's blessing, friend. Yes, that is true.  It's God's blessing, friend. Day and night there is worship, blessings and grace of the family members.  That is all.   The Day and night there is worship, blessings and grace of the family members.  That is all.   The family members agreed.  Our family members are very kind to us, so family members agreed.  Our family members are very kind to us, so family members agreed.  Our family members are very kind to us, so thank you brother. thank you brother. thank you brother. How long have you guys been in a relationship [laughs] How long have you guys been in a relationship [laughs] How long have you guys been in a relationship [laughs] and when did you meet each other for the first time and when did you meet each other for the first time and when did you meet each other for the first time ?   If ?   If ?   If I tell you this question, I will I tell you this question, I will I tell you this question, I will answer it after marriage.  Can't give it right now. answer it after marriage.  Can't give it right now. answer it after marriage.  Can't give it right now. Some things will look better if we reveal them after marriage. Some things will look better if we reveal them after marriage. We are not at all comfortable in telling everything like this.  I will We are not at all comfortable in telling everything like this.  I will tell you everything once I get married.  Then I will tell you openly.   It is tell you everything once I get married.  Then I will tell you openly.   It is tell you everything once I get married.  Then I will tell you openly.   It is wide, right?  Right now we are in a little bit of a wide area. wide, right?  Right now we are in a little bit of a wide area. wide, right?  Right now we are in a little bit of a wide area. Then we will become a little like this again. Then we will become a little like this again. Then we will become a little like this again. Yes wow, our questions are over. Yes wow, our questions are over. Yes wow, our questions are over. Whatever is left, don't look at it, to be honest. Whatever is left, don't look at it, to be honest. Whatever is left, don't look at it, to be honest. We have read whatever is left and you need answers to your questions. We have read whatever is left and you need answers to your questions. We have read whatever is left and you need answers to your questions. We will answer them for you after marriage. We will answer them for you after marriage. We will answer them for you after marriage. Not secret, private.  Private.  Now we will Not secret, private.  Private.  Now we will Not secret, private.  Private.  Now we will reveal it to you after the marriage.  So guys, that's all the reveal it to you after the marriage.  So guys, that's all the reveal it to you after the marriage.  So guys, that's all the questions we answered for today. questions we answered for today. questions we answered for today. If you need more such Q&A then If you need more such Q&A then If you need more such Q&A then you can drop the question in the comment. you can drop the question in the comment. you can drop the question in the comment. We will answer your questions. We will answer your questions. We will answer your questions. Rest thanks for watching. Rest thanks for watching. Rest thanks for watching. So Guys that's it for today.  Otherwise, if you have So Guys that's it for today.  Otherwise, if you have So Guys that's it for today.  Otherwise, if you have any questions that you can answer right now, any questions that you can answer right now, any questions that you can answer right now, you can comment.  Something may be left. you can comment.  Something may be left. you can comment.  Something may be left. So if you want us to So if you want us to So if you want us to make any videos like challenges and all that make any videos like challenges and all that make any videos like challenges and all that thing then we will try that.   That's all for now thing then we will try that.   That's all for now thing then we will try that.   That's all for now in this blog. in this blog. in this blog. Yes, don't leave without subscribing to the channel Yes, don't leave without subscribing to the channel Yes, don't leave without subscribing to the channel and if you liked the video then do like, and if you liked the video then do like, and if you liked the video then do like, comment and share it. comment and share it. comment and share it. Keep your love for us like this.  See you Keep your love for us like this.  See you Keep your love for us like this.  See you in the next video.  Bye till then.   Turn it off. in the next video.  Bye till then.   Turn it off.