There were five days left for 14th August and today There were five days left for 14th August and today There were five days left for 14th August and today we had to do some shopping for 14th August. we had to do some shopping for 14th August. we had to do some shopping for 14th August. I quickly wore the burqa, took Basid Sahab and I quickly wore the burqa, took Basid Sahab and I quickly wore the burqa, took Basid Sahab and my younger daughter along and left for the city my younger daughter along and left for the city my younger daughter along and left for the city because all the shopping was because all the shopping was because all the shopping was for my younger daughter.  The most frequently for my younger daughter.  The most frequently for my younger daughter.  The most frequently asked question is which city do you asked question is which city do you asked question is which city do you live in?  So this is the name of our beautiful city.  As soon as we live in?  So this is the name of our beautiful city.  As soon as we live in?  So this is the name of our beautiful city.  As soon as we reached the city, shopping for 14th August reached the city, shopping for 14th August reached the city, shopping for 14th August started.  First of all, the started.  First of all, the started.  First of all, the suit is liked and measured to see if it is complete suit is liked and measured to see if it is complete suit is liked and measured to see if it is complete or not.  After this, I liked tops and earrings. or not.  After this, I liked tops and earrings. or not.  After this, I liked tops and earrings. After shopping on 14th August, After shopping on 14th August, After shopping on 14th August, we again came to Aamir Bhai's shop because we had to we again came to Aamir Bhai's shop because we had to we again came to Aamir Bhai's shop because we had to buy some things for home.  Finally, we bought some buy some things for home.  Finally, we bought some buy some things for home.  Finally, we bought some tomatoes and onions, loaded the bike and headed back home tomatoes and onions, loaded the bike and headed back home tomatoes and onions, loaded the bike and headed back home and on our return the weather was also amazing.  As soon as I and on our return the weather was also amazing.  As soon as I and on our return the weather was also amazing.  As soon as I reached home, I opened all the stuff and reached home, I opened all the stuff and reached home, I opened all the stuff and looked inside.  How did you all like our little 14th August looked inside.  How did you all like our little 14th August looked inside.  How did you all like our little 14th August shopping?  I will tell you as per your wish. shopping?  I will tell you as per your wish. shopping?  I will tell you as per your wish. See you in the next blog.  Allah Hafiz.