Mummy mummy uncle has come home. Hey brother, I have stopped you, hey
Bilani, I have stopped you, amazing son brother, I have stopped you, brother, I have stopped you, hey how did you stop me
brother, amazing son Bilani, I have been
shouting since long, stop me, stop me, you are running away after taking it, you are a
kidney thief, were you going to run away with it,
hey you should have told me earlier, you would have stopped me from behind, I have been
shouting since long, if there is a sound in my ears, then
what will I be able to hear, are you able to
hear, will your driver
stop me only when he comes to know,
yes he will come to know, I am beating him from behind,
my son is beating him, I am
not able to understand. Left it 1 kilometer ahead.
Take us and leave us behind. Otherwise
I will deduct the rent. I will not give it in full.
Hey madam, I will take the full fare.
Yes.
Hey brother, move the car forward. We are getting late. Have to
install Baron.
Tell me, how much is the rent?
₹50?
Not 50, we will give you 500. How did it become 50
?
25 yours, 25 his.
Hey brother, Kali's son, you are adding ₹25. There is a
small child, a five year old boy, they are charging ₹25. I will give
mine only, not his.
Ok?
Why won't you give it? You will have to give it.
Where? Where will I give it from? I
came halfway standing. He carried me half the way in his lap.
How can I give you ₹50? I will
give you 25. Grab your ₹25.
Madam, I will take only ₹50, I don't know anything.
I will not give 50, I will give 25. He is a small child,
Kali's son, asking for ₹50.
Hey madam, your son is above 5 years old.
Full fare will be charged. Listen brother, I have
not fed the child canned milk like you, I have
fed him my own milk. It's okay, he is a five year old
boy. In five years, he looks 10 years old,
so it's your fault,
grandfather. You tell me how old is this
boy.
Hey bad guy, sit quietly now, otherwise you will push me away or you will go away. The
elders have come to the account to do
justice.
I have been coming here for 10 years. I pay only ₹25.
Today I am going to take ₹50. I will
call my nephew right now. She is a
very respectable woman. Hey brother, move the car ahead,
I will pay the money, friend. Come on,
take it ahead. ₹25.
Where did you make me sit like this? We have lost
₹2. Our
mother and sister. Oh my mother and sister. I have been left behind. Someone stopped me.
