Hey, fall down, fall down, fall down.  Oh [ __ ]. Hey, fall down, fall down, fall down.  Oh [ __ ]. Hey, fall down, fall down, fall down.  Oh [ __ ]. Hey Krishna, you just keep watching Hey Krishna, you just keep watching Hey Krishna, you just keep watching because I will break this pot. It fell down. It fell down. It fell down. Hey Krishna, Bunty has fallen.  Now you go and break the Hey Krishna, Bunty has fallen.  Now you go and break the Hey Krishna, Bunty has fallen.  Now you go and break the pot. pot. pot. Oh my God, I am scared even to climb up. Oh my God, I am scared even to climb up. Oh my God, I am scared even to climb up. Then how will I break this pot? Then how will I break this pot? Then how will I break this pot? Hey, go away Krishna.  What are you thinking? Hey, go away Krishna.  What are you thinking? Hey, go away Krishna.  What are you thinking? Yes, okay. Yes, okay. Yes, okay. Hey, no one should support that Krishna.  And Hey, no one should support that Krishna.  And Hey, no one should support that Krishna.  And yes, here's to your party.  Okay yes, here's to your party.  Okay yes, here's to your party.  Okay brother, I will not give it. brother, I will not give it. brother, I will not give it. Hey, come on brother.  Move away, we don't want to come.  [Music] Kanha, now jump and hold the rope and break the Kanha, now jump and hold the rope and break the Kanha, now jump and hold the rope and break the mutton. Hey, go ahead and drop this Krishna. Hey, go ahead and drop this Krishna. Hey, go ahead and drop this Krishna. Hey, leave the soil, leave it quickly, leave the soil, leave it Hey, leave the soil, leave it quickly, leave the soil, leave it Hey, leave the soil, leave it quickly, leave the soil, leave it quickly, leave the quickly, leave the quickly, leave the rope, rope, rope, leave the rope, leave the rope, leave the rope, oh God, now I will have to do something. oh God, now I will have to do something. oh God, now I will have to do something. Leave the girl, leave her Krishna, now break the pot. Krishna, now break the pot. Krishna, now break the pot. Yes yes [music] friend Muskaan this pot has broken only because of you. friend Muskaan this pot has broken only because of you. Yes Krishna, take this and eat sweets in this happiness. Yes Krishna, take this and eat sweets in this happiness. Yes Krishna, take this and eat sweets in this happiness.