Oh mom brother, I heard someone's voice, which Oh mom brother, I heard someone's voice, which Oh mom brother, I heard someone's voice, which animal's voice was this, animal's voice was this, animal's voice was this, brother, it must have been someone's, I don't know, let's go brother, it must have been someone's, I don't know, let's go brother, it must have been someone's, I don't know, let's go out and see, out and see, out and see, brother, no brother, the brother, no brother, the brother, no brother, the voice was coming from this place, look from somewhere, I can see voice was coming from this place, look from somewhere, I can see voice was coming from this place, look from somewhere, I can see some shadow, it will come behind, shout, I mean, behind, shout, I mean, behind, shout, I mean, hey here, we will not be able to stay here at night, friend, hey here, we will not be able to stay here at night, friend, hey here, we will not be able to stay here at night, friend, come on, come on, I left you, go behind, go ahead, go ahead, come on, come on, come on, come on, I left you, go behind, go ahead, go ahead, come on, come on, friends, friends, friends, after coming in the car, we got some peace, after coming in the car, we got some peace, after coming in the car, we got some peace, friends, this area that you guys are seeing is the friends, this area that you guys are seeing is the friends, this area that you guys are seeing is the area behind our house and this is a area behind our house and this is a area behind our house and this is a forest and in this forest live some wild forest and in this forest live some wild forest and in this forest live some wild animals like fox, wild dog, wild animals like fox, wild dog, wild animals like fox, wild dog, wild boar and yes, those also live who boar and yes, those also live who boar and yes, those also live who eat the flesh of dead animals and dead humans. eat the flesh of dead animals and dead humans. eat the flesh of dead animals and dead humans. So let me tell you straight up, this forest is So let me tell you straight up, this forest is So let me tell you straight up, this forest is very dangerous. very dangerous. very dangerous. Going into this forest is like chopping off one's own foot. Going into this forest is like chopping off one's own foot. Going into this forest is like chopping off one's own foot. Now I am telling you this Now I am telling you this Now I am telling you this because ever since I have because ever since I have because ever since I have seen the forest and looked at it very carefully, seen the forest and looked at it very carefully, seen the forest and looked at it very carefully, a very crazy idea has come to my mind.  I have a a very crazy idea has come to my mind.  I have a a very crazy idea has come to my mind.  I have a very naughty idea. very naughty idea. very naughty idea. That is, why don't we go inside this dangerous forest That is, why don't we go inside this dangerous forest That is, why don't we go inside this dangerous forest and see whether we will be and see whether we will be and see whether we will be able to survive inside this forest able to survive inside this forest able to survive inside this forest or not.  Let's go and see and first we have to or not.  Let's go and see and first we have to or not.  Let's go and see and first we have to convince the sisters to go there. convince the sisters to go there. convince the sisters to go there. So friends, I have come So friends, I have come So friends, I have come to my sisters and let us ask them whether to my sisters and let us ask them whether to my sisters and let us ask them whether they want to go or not?  So my they want to go or not?  So my they want to go or not?  So my dear sisters, dear sisters, dear sisters, do you also want to come with me? do you also want to come with me? do you also want to come with me? Where?   Hey, Where?   Hey, Where?   Hey, speak here. speak here. speak here. So when grandfather sees mother then he is very happy. So when grandfather sees mother then he is very happy. So when grandfather sees mother then he is very happy. Where do you want to go?  Hey, there is that forest behind us, so Where do you want to go?  Hey, there is that forest behind us, so Where do you want to go?  Hey, there is that forest behind us, so we will go there we will go there we will go there and stay there for the night.   No no no, and stay there for the night.   No no no, and stay there for the night.   No no no, he will not go. he will not go. he will not go. Why?   There Why?   There Why?   There are many big animals there. are many big animals there. are many big animals there. Where?   There are Where?   There are Where?   There are wild boars with such big teeth. wild boars with such big teeth. wild boars with such big teeth. Okay, what Okay, what Okay, what else can I do to get rid of it?   She is else can I do to get rid of it?   She is else can I do to get rid of it?   She is scaring me into telling a lie.   I am scaring me into telling a lie.   I am scaring me into telling a lie.   I am not lying.  Don't go.  This is such a flower like not lying.  Don't go.  This is such a flower like not lying.  Don't go.  This is such a flower like daughter of mine.  Don't take them. daughter of mine.  Don't take them. daughter of mine.  Don't take them. Yes, no, take it. Yes, no, take it. Yes, no, take it. This flower-like girl is a witch herself.  This This flower-like girl is a witch herself.  This This flower-like girl is a witch herself.  This is a witch. is a witch. is a witch. So friends, it's absolutely true that at So friends, it's absolutely true that at So friends, it's absolutely true that at night here we hear strange animal night here we hear strange animal night here we hear strange animal screaming sounds.  But the real fun will screaming sounds.  But the real fun will screaming sounds.  But the real fun will come only when there is something there.  That's why will it be come only when there is something there.  That's why will it be come only when there is something there.  That's why will it be fun to stay there or not? fun to stay there or not? fun to stay there or not? Forgive me.  I don't want to go. Forgive me.  I don't want to go. Forgive me.  I don't want to go. Why? Why? Why? No brother, I don't want to go.   Let's go, it will be No brother, I don't want to go.   Let's go, it will be No brother, I don't want to go.   Let's go, it will be fun. fun. fun. No brother, I beg you.   Don't take No brother, I beg you.   Don't take No brother, I beg you.   Don't take me away. me away. me away. Shikha. Shikha. Shikha. Brother, I am folding my hands from a distance. Brother, I am folding my hands from a distance. Brother, I am folding my hands from a distance. Next time you did a ghost vlog, Next time you did a ghost vlog, Next time you did a ghost vlog, I was really scared.  I am not going. I was really scared.  I am not going. I was really scared.  I am not going. Brother, please leave me.  I am not going.   I Brother, please leave me.  I am not going.   I Brother, please leave me.  I am not going.   I told my dear sister, listen, your brother told my dear sister, listen, your brother told my dear sister, listen, your brother Dheeraj is with you, so what is there to be afraid of? So, Dheeraj is with you, so what is there to be afraid of? So, I will not go to the ghost vlog also. I will not go to the ghost vlog also. I will not go to the ghost vlog also. Why are you scared, I will save you. Don't worry, Why are you scared, I will save you. Don't worry, Why are you scared, I will save you. Don't worry, okay, let me know whether she wants to go or okay, let me know whether she wants to go or okay, let me know whether she wants to go or not. Now it's not. Now it's not. Now it's okay, I trust you. I will trust you once again and okay, I trust you. I will trust you once again and okay, I trust you. I will trust you once again and see, so let's go. So see, so let's go. So see, so let's go. So friends, Shikha is ready to go, friends, Shikha is ready to go, friends, Shikha is ready to go, now I ask Mango, if Mango now I ask Mango, if Mango now I ask Mango, if Mango would like to go, tell me, has she would like to go, tell me, has she would like to go, tell me, has she become a ghost now, why wo become a ghost now, why wo become a ghost now, why wo n't she come? n't she come? n't she come? I made a ghost vlog, when she got scared in it, I made a ghost vlog, when she got scared in it, I made a ghost vlog, when she got scared in it, friends, Mango is also very scared of that ghost vlog friends, Mango is also very scared of that ghost vlog friends, Mango is also very scared of that ghost vlog and she is also refusing to and she is also refusing to and she is also refusing to go.  Leena, you come with me. go.  Leena, you come with me. go.  Leena, you come with me. Hey, it'll look good just the two of us going there alone. Hey, it'll look good just the two of us going there alone. She is leaving. She is leaving. She is leaving. Yes, I Yes, I Yes, I agreed. agreed. agreed. I I Captain.  I am ready to go. I I Captain.  I am ready to go. I I Captain.  I am ready to go. She agreed. She agreed. She agreed. I am not going. I am not going. I am not going. So friends, finally Reena has also agreed to So friends, finally Reena has also agreed to So friends, finally Reena has also agreed to go with us and stay there go with us and stay there go with us and stay there and let us see whether we and let us see whether we and let us see whether we can stay there or not. can stay there or not. can stay there or not. Stay together.   I will Stay together.   I will Stay together.   I will always be with you, don't worry till my death. always be with you, don't worry till my death. So my dear sisters are you excited?   Yes. So my dear sisters are you excited?   Yes. So my dear sisters are you excited?   Yes. Ready?   Yes.   Yes. Ready?   Yes.   Yes. Ready?   Yes.   Yes. So friends, all three of us are ready.  Our So friends, all three of us are ready.  Our So friends, all three of us are ready.  Our bag is also ready.  Let's go then and bag is also ready.  Let's go then and bag is also ready.  Let's go then and survive in the jungle.  Come.  So survive in the jungle.  Come.  So survive in the jungle.  Come.  So friends, another guy is going with us and friends, another guy is going with us and friends, another guy is going with us and that is Lallu the Don. that is Lallu the Don. that is Lallu the Don. So my three soldiers are you ready? So my three soldiers are you ready? So my three soldiers are you ready? Ready. Ready. Ready. For jungle adventure? For jungle adventure? For jungle adventure? Yes boss.   Is there anything to be Yes boss.   Is there anything to be Yes boss.   Is there anything to be afraid of? afraid of? afraid of? No. No. No. Sure? Sure? Sure? Sure. Oh Oh Oh so friends let's go, come now, so friends let's go, come now, so friends let's go, come now, oh friends let's go and face the eight, oh friends let's go and face the eight, oh friends let's go and face the eight, oh friends let's go, oh friends let's go, oh friends let's go, Mummy ji, see, all three of us including me, all Mummy ji, see, all three of us including me, all Mummy ji, see, all three of us including me, all four of us are ready to go, okay let's go, four of us are ready to go, okay let's go, four of us are ready to go, okay let's go, brother will take good care of brother will take good care of brother will take good care of my flower like daughters, my flower like daughters, my flower like daughters, yes that's right yes that's right yes that's right Mummy is like a flower, pay a Mummy is like a flower, pay a Mummy is like a flower, pay a little attention to her, little attention to her, little attention to her, Mummy is not like a flower, she is a witch, seeing her Mummy is not like a flower, she is a witch, seeing her Mummy is not like a flower, she is a witch, seeing her all the animals there are going to run away. all the animals there are going to run away. all the animals there are going to run away. So okay, So okay, So okay, okay.   Come on, please okay.   Come on, please okay.   Come on, please bless us, Mom, that we bless us, Mom, that we bless us, Mom, that we return safely the way we are going.   Let's go return safely the way we are going.   Let's go return safely the way we are going.   Let's go safely today.   Bye bye bye. safely today.   Bye bye bye. So friends, we have reached our Thar. So friends, we have reached our Thar. So friends, we have reached our Thar. Friends, we have sat in our Thar. Friends, we have sat in our Thar. Friends, we have sat in our Thar. Now it's just time to leave. Now it's just time to leave. Now it's just time to leave. I am getting very excited.   Are I am getting very excited.   Are I am getting very excited.   Are you the one who fears the most?  No, it wo you the one who fears the most?  No, it wo you the one who fears the most?  No, it wo n't happen this time for sure, you will see, this time I will n't happen this time for sure, you will see, this time I will n't happen this time for sure, you will see, this time I will show you that I am the son of a lion, hey show you that I am the son of a lion, hey show you that I am the son of a lion, hey lion lion lion body body body friends, we are going to the jungle and friends, we are going to the jungle and friends, we are going to the jungle and this is going to be the first experience of our life, I don't know this is going to be the first experience of our life, I don't know this is going to be the first experience of our life, I don't know how it will be and it is rainy how it will be and it is rainy how it will be and it is rainy weather, you see, it has rained a weather, you see, it has rained a weather, you see, it has rained a little and if it little and if it little and if it rains there, we will get completely drenched, it will be the first rains there, we will get completely drenched, it will be the first rains there, we will get completely drenched, it will be the first experience of our life, experience of our life, experience of our life, but [laughs] it will be the first but [laughs] it will be the first but [laughs] it will be the first experience, experience, experience, first experience, first experience, first experience, first first first experience, experience, experience, oh Reena knows English, yes oh Reena knows English, yes oh Reena knows English, yes Jeena knows English. Jeena knows English. Jeena knows English. Well friends, let's leave the talk and move on. Well friends, let's leave the talk and move on. Well friends, let's leave the talk and move on. Move your car.  This is how you Move your car.  This is how you Move your car.  This is how you start your car.  This is the start of our start your car.  This is the start of our start your car.  This is the start of our power break. Look friends, this is the forest behind our house. Look friends, this is the forest behind our house. Look friends, this is the forest behind our house. Friends, the jungle has started. Friends, the jungle has started. Friends, the jungle has started. Dense and very scary. Dense and very scary. Dense and very scary. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. What do I need?  So friends, see, we have What do I need?  So friends, see, we have What do I need?  So friends, see, we have come to the forest and now it is our turn from here.   Let's take them. come to the forest and now it is our turn from here.   Let's take them. come to the forest and now it is our turn from here.   Let's take them. What?   Let's take them along. What?   Let's take them along. They are with us.  His blessings will always be They are with us.  His blessings will always be They are with us.  His blessings will always be with us.  So now it's time with us.  So now it's time with us.  So now it's time [music] to go down into the woods and [music] to go down into the woods and [music] to go down into the woods and find a place where we find a place where we find a place where we can set up camp and stay.  [MUSIC] There's can set up camp and stay.  [MUSIC] There's can set up camp and stay.  [MUSIC] There's no need to be afraid.  I am with you. no need to be afraid.  I am with you. no need to be afraid.  I am with you. Ok? Ok? Ok? What?   There is What?   There is What?   There is no need for any of you three to be afraid. no need for any of you three to be afraid. no need for any of you three to be afraid. I am with you and this is my I am with you and this is my I am with you and this is my rifle.  Okay, right?  [laughter] I'm rifle.  Okay, right?  [laughter] I'm rifle.  Okay, right?  [laughter] I'm not even getting up. not even getting up. not even getting up. This girl will run away first.  Look how This girl will run away first.  Look how This girl will run away first.  Look how dense the forest is. dense the forest is. dense the forest is. So friends, it seems safe here and we will So friends, it seems safe here and we will So friends, it seems safe here and we will park our car here and park our car here and park our car here and go on foot from here because there is no way for a car ahead. go on foot from here because there is no way for a car ahead. go on foot from here because there is no way for a car ahead. So we will have to leave the car here and go. So we will have to leave the car here and go. So we will have to leave the car here and go. Open it carefully and look underneath to make sure there is Open it carefully and look underneath to make sure there is Open it carefully and look underneath to make sure there is no snake. no snake. no snake. Brother, why are you scaring me? Brother, why are you scaring me? Brother, why are you scaring me? Not right now, come on.   Lets go.   Even Not right now, come on.   Lets go.   Even if he sees you, you will be a snake.  Then he if he sees you, you will be a snake.  Then he if he sees you, you will be a snake.  Then he will say my sister has come.  My sister has come. will say my sister has come.  My sister has come. will say my sister has come.  My sister has come. Let's go friends.  Pick up your bag, brother.   Is it too Let's go friends.  Pick up your bag, brother.   Is it too Let's go friends.  Pick up your bag, brother.   Is it too heavy? heavy? heavy? Correct.   Should Correct.   Should Correct.   Should I take it? I take it? I take it? No, I will take it.   Come on, there is No, I will take it.   Come on, there is No, I will take it.   Come on, there is no need to put it.  Now what to no need to put it.  Now what to no need to put it.  Now what to put? put? put? Mod.   Come on. Mod.   Come on. Mod.   Come on. Friends, let's stop our car here. Friends, let's stop our car here. Friends, let's stop our car here. They install the gate.  I am leaving it here. They install the gate.  I am leaving it here. They install the gate.  I am leaving it here. Because this is the way.  If Because this is the way.  If Because this is the way.  If unfortunately some problem arises or something goes unfortunately some problem arises or something goes unfortunately some problem arises or something goes wrong, we will immediately run away wrong, we will immediately run away wrong, we will immediately run away from there, get into our car, and if there is a from there, get into our car, and if there is a from there, get into our car, and if there is a road nearby, we will immediately leave for home. road nearby, we will immediately leave for home. road nearby, we will immediately leave for home. So, are you three ready to enter the jungle So, are you three ready to enter the jungle So, are you three ready to enter the jungle ? ? ? Ready sir. Ready sir. Ready sir. Now look, we are going to enter this forest Now look, we are going to enter this forest Now look, we are going to enter this forest from here and will go inside from here.   Shall we from here and will go inside from here.   Shall we from here and will go inside from here.   Shall we go?   Let us go. go?   Let us go. go?   Let us go. Come let's go. Come let's go. Come let's go. Where is it? Where is it? Where is it? Friends, now we have entered the forest Friends, now we have entered the forest Friends, now we have entered the forest and we are looking for our camping and we are looking for our camping and we are looking for our camping place. place. place. Where can we set up camping? Where can we set up camping? Where can we set up camping? This is yours only.  So friends, look here, have This is yours only.  So friends, look here, have This is yours only.  So friends, look here, have we just invented it? we just invented it? we just invented it? Look here, Shika's house has been found.  Go and hide Look here, Shika's house has been found.  Go and hide Look here, Shika's house has been found.  Go and hide in your hole. in your hole. in your hole. Look, let's go to that side. Look, let's go to that side. Look, let's go to that side. Oh brother, one more bone, Oh brother, one more bone, Oh brother, one more bone, mummy, mummy, mummy, what friends, look here, how many bones are there, what friends, look here, how many bones are there, look here, here, look here, here, look here, here, oh friends, look at this bone, it looks like oh friends, look at this bone, it looks like I am going home, I had I am going home, I had I am going home, I had told you, I had told you that there are told you, I had told you that there are told you, I had told you that there are such animals here who such animals here who such animals here who eat the entrails of dead humans and animals, that is, eat the entrails of dead humans and animals, that is, eat the entrails of dead humans and animals, that is, they eat their flesh, those people, go away, go away slowly, they eat their flesh, those people, go away, go away slowly, they eat their flesh, those people, go away, go away slowly, look carefully, there are thorns ahead, look carefully, there are thorns ahead, look carefully, there are thorns ahead, look ahead, see what you are doing, look carefully, you cannot look ahead, see what you are doing, look carefully, you cannot look ahead, see what you are doing, look carefully, you cannot walk, come, do walk, come, do walk, come, do not make any noise to anyone, if there is any not make any noise to anyone, if there is any not make any noise to anyone, if there is any animal here, it will come hearing our voice. animal here, it will come hearing our voice. animal here, it will come hearing our voice. Whoever wants to come, come, I am watching everyone.   You don't Whoever wants to come, come, I am watching everyone.   You don't Whoever wants to come, come, I am watching everyone.   You don't call like this, you don't invite anyone. call like this, you don't invite anyone. call like this, you don't invite anyone. Come on, Come on, Come on, comment invited comment invited comment invited friends, look there is a mound there. friends, look there is a mound there. friends, look there is a mound there. Go over there and see what the forest is like. [Music]  Come Go over there and see what the forest is like. [Music]  Come Go over there and see what the forest is like. [Music]  Come friends, see how many snake friends, see how many snake friends, see how many snake holes there are here.  Look how many there are.  And holes there are here.  Look how many there are.  And holes there are here.  Look how many there are.  And look, all these are of python or king cobra or look, all these are of python or king cobra or look, all these are of python or king cobra or maybe black snake.  Hey, there is no maybe black snake.  Hey, there is no maybe black snake.  Hey, there is no problem, come and give me your hand, don't fall, problem, come and give me your hand, don't fall, problem, come and give me your hand, don't fall, give me your hand and give me your hand and give me your hand and look look look this way this way this way friends, we have crossed such a dense forest and have reached a friends, we have crossed such a dense forest and have reached a friends, we have crossed such a dense forest and have reached a high place.  How high place.  How high place.  How was your experience brother?   There was your experience brother?   There was your experience brother?   There is a heartbeat. is a heartbeat. is a heartbeat. So let's set up camp here? So let's set up camp here? So let's set up camp here? Lallu, I swear this is a very nice place. Lallu, I swear this is a very nice place. Lallu, I swear this is a very nice place. Friends, it is good here but if it rains Friends, it is good here but if it rains Friends, it is good here but if it rains from above then we will get drenched in the rain water.  That's why from above then we will get drenched in the rain water.  That's why from above then we will get drenched in the rain water.  That's why we are not we are not we are not staying here.  Let's look for a nice place.  There staying here.  Let's look for a nice place.  There staying here.  Let's look for a nice place.  There is a river nearby, right?   Let's go to the is a river nearby, right?   Let's go to the is a river nearby, right?   Let's go to the river bank and see river bank and see river bank and see what happens there.  Come relax not by running what happens there.  Come relax not by running what happens there.  Come relax not by running not by running can be animals. not by running can be animals. not by running can be animals. If you go ahead and some animal comes and If you go ahead and some animal comes and If you go ahead and some animal comes and catches you and Shika, you will run ahead catches you and Shika, you will run ahead catches you and Shika, you will run ahead and some animal comes and some animal comes and some animal comes and catches you, then how will we save and catches you, then how will we save and catches you, then how will we save you?  Now go ahead.   I don't want to go you?  Now go ahead.   I don't want to go you?  Now go ahead.   I don't want to go now. now. now. Why? Why? Why? Now whoever has more power will go. Now whoever has more power will go. Now whoever has more power will go. Lallu Lallu Lallu Lallu Lallu Lallu shut up.  Look there, what happened there?   There shut up.  Look there, what happened there?   There he was, he was, he was, hear the sound brother, the sound of wolves is coming, hear the sound brother, the sound of wolves is coming, these dogs are crying, it is not even night yet, let's go from these dogs are crying, it is not even night yet, let's go from these dogs are crying, it is not even night yet, let's go from here, let's go to some other place, come, come, come, come, here, let's go to some other place, come, come, come, come, friend, hey, from here, from here, not from here, where did you come from, friend, hey, from here, from here, not from here, where did you come from, friend, hey, from here, from here, not from here, where did you come from, look, come, come, come, come here, come quickly, come quickly, look, come, come, come, come here, come quickly, come quickly, friends, the sound of very loud screaming of animals was friends, the sound of very loud screaming of animals was friends, the sound of very loud screaming of animals was coming from above and these sisters of mine, who were coming from above and these sisters of mine, who were coming from above and these sisters of mine, who were calling themselves brave, got calling themselves brave, got calling themselves brave, got very scared for a second and said, don't stop here. very scared for a second and said, don't stop here. very scared for a second and said, don't stop here. Brother, I have forgotten where to go.   From Brother, I have forgotten where to go.   From Brother, I have forgotten where to go.   From here or from here straight straight here or from here straight straight straight friend where did we come from?  Which way did you straight friend where did we come from?  Which way did you straight friend where did we come from?  Which way did you come from? come from? Friends, look at this dense forest from the side, we have got lost in this forest.   Hey, don't be Friends, look at this dense forest from the side, we have got lost in this forest.   Hey, don't be afraid.  He is your brother.   Do you want to afraid.  He is your brother.   Do you want to afraid.  He is your brother.   Do you want to go from this side or this side go from this side or this side go from this side or this side ?   Will ?   Will ?   Will work.  [sound of clearing throat] Let's work.  [sound of clearing throat] Let's work.  [sound of clearing throat] Let's go this way, this way. go this way, this way. go this way, this way. Friends, we are going to Friends, we are going to Friends, we are going to look for a place for camping somewhere else because there was a look for a place for camping somewhere else because there was a look for a place for camping somewhere else because there was a very loud sound of animals crying there. very loud sound of animals crying there. very loud sound of animals crying there. So we will look for some other good place. So we will look for some other good place. So we will look for some other good place. Go from this side.   Let's go straight ahead. Go from this side.   Let's go straight ahead. Yes, come on, come on. Yes, come on, come on. Yes, come on, come on. What in front? What in front? What in front? That dog comes again and again.  [laughter] That dog comes again and again.  [laughter] That dog comes again and again.  [laughter] Come on, come on.  Don't be afraid.  Come on.  The dog came Come on, come on.  Don't be afraid.  Come on.  The dog came Come on, come on.  Don't be afraid.  Come on.  The dog came forward.   Let us go.   Come come. forward.   Let us go.   Come come. forward.   Let us go.   Come come. Friends, we are going to a nice place. Friends, we are going to a nice place. Friends, we are going to a nice place. Where we can Where we can Where we can find a good place for camping. find a good place for camping. find a good place for camping. And we will go to the river bank because there is And we will go to the river bank because there is And we will go to the river bank because there is a little field on the river bank, so a little field on the river bank, so a little field on the river bank, so we will set up camp there itself.  Look we will set up camp there itself.  Look we will set up camp there itself.  Look carefully carefully carefully friends, finally after wandering in the forest for 30 to 40 minutes, friends, finally after wandering in the forest for 30 to 40 minutes, we found another bone. we found another bone. we found another bone. Friends, I will now show you how big the Friends, I will now show you how big the Friends, I will now show you how big the animal's bone is. animal's bone is. animal's bone is. Shakti, Shakti, Shakti, forget that, I am going to tell you that from forget that, I am going to tell you that from forget that, I am going to tell you that from here in front, here here in front, here in front, here here in front, here in front, here here in front, look, from here we can see the river straight ahead. look, from here we can see the river straight ahead. look, from here we can see the river straight ahead. So we are going near the river So we are going near the river So we are going near the river because there will be open ground there, so we will set up the because there will be open ground there, so we will set up the because there will be open ground there, so we will set up the tent there.  We will do our camping tent there.  We will do our camping tent there.  We will do our camping there.  Ok?  Shall we go?   Let us go.   Let us go. there.  Ok?  Shall we go?   Let us go.   Let us go. there.  Ok?  Shall we go?   Let us go.   Let us go. Friends, look, this is the bone that I just Friends, look, this is the bone that I just Friends, look, this is the bone that I just told you about.  I don't know which animal it belongs to. told you about.  I don't know which animal it belongs to. told you about.  I don't know which animal it belongs to. Look how beautiful this eye is. Look how beautiful this eye is. Look how beautiful this eye is. Yes. Yes. Yes. I think some meat I think some meat I think some meat eating animal must have eaten its eye.  And just like that he will take eating animal must have eaten its eye.  And just like that he will take eating animal must have eaten its eye.  And just like that he will take out your eyes and eat them. out your eyes and eat them. out your eyes and eat them. [laughter] You'll see.   Without any issue.   What else [laughter] You'll see.   Without any issue.   What else ?  So ?  So ?  So ignoring this bone, we go to the ignoring this bone, we go to the ignoring this bone, we go to the river bank where we have to camp.  Shall we river bank where we have to camp.  Shall we river bank where we have to camp.  Shall we go?   Let us go.   Yes.   Come on. go?   Let us go.   Yes.   Come on. go?   Let us go.   Yes.   Come on. So friends, we are about to reach our destination.  There So friends, we are about to reach our destination.  There So friends, we are about to reach our destination.  There is a river in front.   I am feeling is a river in front.   I am feeling is a river in front.   I am feeling scared. scared. scared. What are you afraid of? What are you afraid of? What are you afraid of? You know I saw it on the podcast. You know I saw it on the podcast. You know I saw it on the podcast. What did you see?  I have heard it too. What did you see?  I have heard it too. What did you see?  I have heard it too. What? What? What? Like you and I have brought some things for cooking.   There was Like you and I have brought some things for cooking.   There was one boy in it, that is, we were a group.  Like one boy in it, that is, we were a group.  Like one boy in it, that is, we were a group.  Like we have our whole group.  That group had we have our whole group.  That group had we have our whole group.  That group had gone out for some trip or gone out for some trip or gone out for some trip or camping, so they had prepared food and drinks. camping, so they had prepared food and drinks. So the ghosts come after smelling the fragrance. So the ghosts come after smelling the fragrance. So the ghosts come after smelling the fragrance. Hey, why are you so scared? Hey, why are you so scared? Hey, why are you so scared? You created a blog there for the first time. You created a blog there for the first time. You created a blog there for the first time. Hey sisters, there is nothing to be afraid of. Hey sisters, there is nothing to be afraid of. Hey sisters, there is nothing to be afraid of. We are all together.  And no ghosts etc. are We are all together.  And no ghosts etc. are We are all together.  And no ghosts etc. are coming here.  Ok?  And friends, coming here.  Ok?  And friends, coming here.  Ok?  And friends, look, we have reached the river bank.  This is the look, we have reached the river bank.  This is the look, we have reached the river bank.  This is the place where the river is.  This is the Yamuna river of Agra. place where the river is.  This is the Yamuna river of Agra. place where the river is.  This is the Yamuna river of Agra. We are going to see this river once.   Let's We are going to see this river once.   Let's We are going to see this river once.   Let's go and see.  Now take it easy. Easy.  Look how Easy.  Look how Easy.  Look how fast they are doing it.  Are you mad?  Look, this fast they are doing it.  Are you mad?  Look, this fast they are doing it.  Are you mad?  Look, this is a river.  Right on the river bank, this water is so is a river.  Right on the river bank, this water is so is a river.  Right on the river bank, this water is so cold and what is this Shikh doing here cold and what is this Shikh doing here cold and what is this Shikh doing here ?  What are you doing?   I ?  What are you doing?   I ?  What are you doing?   I am a river, brother.   If it had am a river, brother.   If it had am a river, brother.   If it had fallen now.  [laughter] If you had fallen now.  [laughter] If you had fallen now.  [laughter] If you had fallen right now, go away.  So friends, now let's go fallen right now, go away.  So friends, now let's go fallen right now, go away.  So friends, now let's go up and up and up and see a place for camping.  Come on, now we have to see see a place for camping.  Come on, now we have to see see a place for camping.  Come on, now we have to see where we can set up camp here.   Why don't you where we can set up camp here.   Why don't you where we can set up camp here.   Why don't you hurry up and take your time?  Yes, that is true. hurry up and take your time?  Yes, that is true. hurry up and take your time?  Yes, that is true. Seeing, seeing [laughs] Seeing, seeing, seeing, Seeing, seeing [laughs] Seeing, seeing, seeing, Seeing, seeing [laughs] Seeing, seeing, seeing, what not, do you have a what not, do you have a what not, do you have a hobby of committing suicide? hobby of committing suicide? hobby of committing suicide? It was about to fall down this slope. It was about to fall down this slope. It was about to fall down this slope. His foot slipped here. His foot slipped here. His foot slipped here. What were you going to do now? What were you going to do now? What were you going to do now? Well friends, don't pay attention to his actions. Well friends, don't pay attention to his actions. Well friends, don't pay attention to his actions. She is a bit naughty type.  And if it had She is a bit naughty type.  And if it had She is a bit naughty type.  And if it had fallen now, all the work would have been spoiled.  Right here. fallen now, all the work would have been spoiled.  Right here. fallen now, all the work would have been spoiled.  Right here. Friends, we are going on this telly.  We will Friends, we are going on this telly.  We will Friends, we are going on this telly.  We will set up our camp here.  come soon.  Come come.  Come on board.   Please take it. set up our camp here.  come soon.  Come come.  Come on board.   Please take it. Come come look up carefully, there is Come come look up carefully, there is Come come look up carefully, there is no life left in the body, come give me your hand no life left in the body, come give me your hand no life left in the body, come give me your hand so friends we have decided at this place so friends we have decided at this place so friends we have decided at this place that we will set up our camp here, yes it is a that we will set up our camp here, yes it is a that we will set up our camp here, yes it is a good place, isn't it, yes we are getting a good place, isn't it, yes we are getting a good place, isn't it, yes we are getting a very nice view, is it true, so very nice view, is it true, so very nice view, is it true, so see this will be see this will be see this will be our view of the river in front and our camp will be set up here, so come our view of the river in front and our camp will be set up here, so come how will it look, it will look how will it look, it will look how will it look, it will look good, if you like it then good, if you like it then good, if you like it then set up the camp set up the camp set up the camp or come let's go, let's or come let's go, let's or come let's go, let's clean it here? clean it here? clean it here? Yes, let's clean it up a bit.  So, we Yes, let's clean it up a bit.  So, we Yes, let's clean it up a bit.  So, we came here with shovels.  See.  He had brought a shovel. came here with shovels.  See.  He had brought a shovel. came here with shovels.  See.  He had brought a shovel. So let's start.  If the place is So let's start.  If the place is So let's start.  If the place is good then you will like our camp, right? good then you will like our camp, right? good then you will like our camp, right? And we will also be able to stop properly. And we will also be able to stop properly. And we will also be able to stop properly. Okay friends.  It has become clear here. Okay friends.  It has become clear here. Okay friends.  It has become clear here. Now let's open our backpack and Now let's open our backpack and Now let's open our backpack and take out the camping bag.  Open the bag. take out the camping bag.  Open the bag. take out the camping bag.  Open the bag. And this is our camping bag.  Here is And this is our camping bag.  Here is And this is our camping bag.  Here is our bag.  Now let's quickly open it and our bag.  Now let's quickly open it and our bag.  Now let's quickly open it and set up our tent.  The sun has set set up our tent.  The sun has set set up our tent.  The sun has set but before that we will set up camp so that but before that we will set up camp so that but before that we will set up camp so that we can enter our camp before nightfall we can enter our camp before nightfall we can enter our camp before nightfall and we do not face any problem. and we do not face any problem. and we do not face any problem. Well, this is the first time we are doing all this, so Well, this is the first time we are doing all this, so Well, this is the first time we are doing all this, so I am getting very excited. I am getting very excited. I am getting very excited. Seriously, Seriously, Seriously, hold this much down.   It worked. Yes. Yes. Yes. This is it.  Take out the other stick.  picking. This is it.  Take out the other stick.  picking. This is it.  Take out the other stick.  picking. This is ours. I am feeling good.  He is very I am feeling good.  He is very I am feeling good.  He is very excited about this. excited about this. excited about this. This is our tent being set up.  Look This is our tent being set up.  Look This is our tent being set up.  Look friends, it worked.   I picked this up from here and applied it to him.  No, no, not there.  It picked this up from here and applied it to him.  No, no, not there.  It picked this up from here and applied it to him.  No, no, not there.  It felt like this in it. felt like this in it. felt like this in it. Friends, look, our tent is ready. Friends, look, our tent is ready. Friends, look, our tent is ready. How are you feeling? How are you feeling? How are you feeling? We have to go inside it.  Later, first we will We have to go inside it.  Later, first we will We have to go inside it.  Later, first we will put a rain cover on it because look at the weather, it is put a rain cover on it because look at the weather, it is put a rain cover on it because look at the weather, it is so rainy, hence we will have to so rainy, hence we will have to so rainy, hence we will have to put a rain cover also.  Pick it up put a rain cover also.  Pick it up put a rain cover also.  Pick it up friends, this is our cover so that if it rains from above, it does friends, this is our cover so that if it rains from above, it does friends, this is our cover so that if it rains from above, it does not wet us. not wet us. not wet us. Friends, look, the sun has completely set and it Friends, look, the sun has completely set and it Friends, look, the sun has completely set and it is about to be night and the sound of clouds is coming from there.  It is about to be night and the sound of clouds is coming from there.  It is about to be night and the sound of clouds is coming from there.  It seems like it is about to rain seems like it is about to rain seems like it is about to rain but but but our tent is already set up before it rains.  Friends, look, this is our tent is already set up before it rains.  Friends, look, this is our tent is already set up before it rains.  Friends, look, this is our tent.  We will our tent.  We will our tent.  We will go inside it like this and sit here.  Hey come out, hey go inside it like this and sit here.  Hey come out, hey go inside it like this and sit here.  Hey come out, hey no brother, I have not no brother, I have not no brother, I have not gone yet. gone yet. gone yet. No, No, No, look, it has started raining a little.  Look, look, it has started raining a little.  Look, look, it has started raining a little.  Look, small drops are falling.  But small drops are falling.  But small drops are falling.  But we have set up our tent.  So we will be saved from the rain. we have set up our tent.  So we will be saved from the rain. I am putting on the light.   Are you I am putting on the light.   Are you I am putting on the light.   Are you putting up the lights?  Where?  Did putting up the lights?  Where?  Did putting up the lights?  Where?  Did you guys bring these lights? you guys bring these lights? you guys bring these lights? I have brought it. I have brought it. I have brought it. Put it on then? Put it on then? Put it on then? I am very excited. I am very excited. I am very excited. This is the mat that we brought to This is the mat that we brought to This is the mat that we brought to spread here.  take catch catch let me take. spread here.  take catch catch let me take. spread here.  take catch catch let me take. This became our mat.  We will This became our mat.  We will This became our mat.  We will sit here and enjoy it.  We will sit here and enjoy it.  We will sit here and enjoy it.  We will sit here.  This is our view of the river from right in sit here.  This is our view of the river from right in sit here.  This is our view of the river from right in front and we will have great camping here. front and we will have great camping here. front and we will have great camping here. See what she is doing?   Are See what she is doing?   Are See what she is doing?   Are you you you feeling hungry?  Then make it.  Start making Maggi. feeling hungry?  Then make it.  Start making Maggi. Take out that stuff, that. Take out that stuff, that. Take out that stuff, that. What can I get? What can I get? What can I get? Labour friends, this is our camp, Labour friends, this is our camp, Labour friends, this is our camp, friends, our camp is friends, our camp is friends, our camp is eating Maggi Pakora. eating Maggi Pakora. eating Maggi Pakora. Eating Maggi.   Come Eating Maggi.   Come Eating Maggi.   Come quickly, we will be late.   Come fast. quickly, we will be late.   Come fast. Friends, this is all our stuff.  Friends, Friends, this is all our stuff.  Friends, Friends, this is all our stuff.  Friends, look, there are some light drops of look, there are some light drops of look, there are some light drops of rain falling. Now, before the rain becomes too heavy, let rain falling. Now, before the rain becomes too heavy, let rain falling. Now, before the rain becomes too heavy, let us make Maggi because we are us make Maggi because we are us make Maggi because we are very hungry and there is no need for us to be scared of the rain very hungry and there is no need for us to be scared of the rain because we have a tent, so let us quickly because we have a tent, so let us quickly because we have a tent, so let us quickly make Maggi and eat it. Then we go make Maggi and eat it. Then we go make Maggi and eat it. Then we go inside the tent. We have to fit our gas cylinder in it inside the tent. We have to fit our gas cylinder in it inside the tent. We have to fit our gas cylinder in it like this. Friends, we have fitted this gas like this. Friends, we have fitted this gas like this. Friends, we have fitted this gas cylinder and our stove is ready. The cylinder and our stove is ready. The cylinder and our stove is ready. The entire stove for Maggi is entire stove for Maggi is entire stove for Maggi is ready, we keep it here. ready, we keep it here. ready, we keep it here. We have enough cold water to make Maggi and it is We have enough cold water to make Maggi and it is We have enough cold water to make Maggi and it is raining here slowly, there is no raining here slowly, there is no raining here slowly, there is no need for light, I am need for light, I am need for light, I am scared, it is scared, it is scared, it is raining, raining, raining, our gas has burnt, see our gas has burnt, see our gas has burnt, see how dark it has become? how dark it has become? how dark it has become? Put it.  Add water to it to make Maggi. Put it.  Add water to it to make Maggi. Put it.  Add water to it to make Maggi. Friends, please make Maggi.  Now we will eat Maggi Friends, please make Maggi.  Now we will eat Maggi Friends, please make Maggi.  Now we will eat Maggi and have fun brother. and have fun brother. and have fun brother. Give me Maggi.  Throw away the Maggi.  This is Give me Maggi.  Throw away the Maggi.  This is Give me Maggi.  Throw away the Maggi.  This is my Maggi.  Come closer.  Look, he is putting my Maggi.  Come closer.  Look, he is putting my Maggi.  Come closer.  Look, he is putting his Maggi.  Its Maggi. his Maggi.  Its Maggi. his Maggi.  Its Maggi. So friends, we have added Maggi and it is So friends, we have added Maggi and it is So friends, we have added Maggi and it is raining.  Lightly.  I am raining.  Lightly.  I am raining.  Lightly.  I am adding Maggi masala.  Maggi will be prepared simultaneously in this.  Are. adding Maggi masala.  Maggi will be prepared simultaneously in this.  Are. Yes. Yes. Yes. We are making it quickly. We are making it quickly. We are making it quickly. Then we will sit inside and eat.   We will Then we will sit inside and eat.   We will Then we will sit inside and eat.   We will sit inside and eat because we cannot burn it inside, friend.  The sit inside and eat because we cannot burn it inside, friend.  The sit inside and eat because we cannot burn it inside, friend.  The tent might catch fire. tent might catch fire. tent might catch fire. We will eat it raw. We will eat it raw. We will eat it raw. Friends, Maggi is being made in such rain. Friends, Maggi is being made in such rain. Friends, Maggi is being made in such rain. Brother, it became a next level experience. Brother, it became a next level experience. Brother, it became a next level experience. We did not think that it would rain so heavily We did not think that it would rain so heavily We did not think that it would rain so heavily here. Friends, how is it feeling to have such fun in the jungle, Friends, how is it feeling to have such fun in the jungle, Friends, how is it feeling to have such fun in the jungle, my dear sisters?   Are you my dear sisters?   Are you my dear sisters?   Are you not feeling scared?  And I forgot to tell you one thing.   Let me not feeling scared?  And I forgot to tell you one thing.   Let me tell you.   There is a tell you.   There is a tell you.   There is a cremation ground at a short distance from here.   I am cremation ground at a short distance from here.   I am cremation ground at a short distance from here.   I am telling the truth.  There is a cremation ground at a short distance.  Are you telling the truth.  There is a cremation ground at a short distance.  Are you telling the truth.  There is a cremation ground at a short distance.  Are you not feeling scared?  If something not feeling scared?  If something not feeling scared?  If something comes, there is no problem and look, it becomes comes, there is no problem and look, it becomes comes, there is no problem and look, it becomes completely dark.  It's night now. completely dark.  It's night now. completely dark.  It's night now. Brother, Brother, Brother, I told you that the footcast I told you that the footcast I told you that the footcast road was a little far from here.  Why are you scared road was a little far from here.  Why are you scared road was a little far from here.  Why are you scared ? ? ? You also make it quickly, I don't You also make it quickly, I don't You also make it quickly, I don't know. know. know. Brother, take this Brother, take this Brother, take this friends, it has become so dark here and the friends, it has become so dark here and the friends, it has become so dark here and the sound of animals screaming has started coming. sound of animals screaming has started coming. sound of animals screaming has started coming. Brother, I am really feeling a little scared. Brother, I am really feeling a little scared. I am feeling very scared.  Who was it?   It's I am feeling very scared.  Who was it?   It's I am feeling very scared.  Who was it?   It's mom. mom. Made in color.  I think it has become.  Turn it off.  Turn it off. Made in color.  I think it has become.  Turn it off.  Turn it off. Friends, look, our Maggi Friends, look, our Maggi Friends, look, our Maggi is ready.  Look, here is our Maggi. is ready.  Look, here is our Maggi. is ready.  Look, here is our Maggi. Now let's close it.  We have Now let's close it.  We have Now let's close it.  We have turned off our gas.  So friends, turned off our gas.  So friends, turned off our gas.  So friends, our Maggi is ready.  Now we will take Maggi inside our Maggi is ready.  Now we will take Maggi inside our Maggi is ready.  Now we will take Maggi inside because it is raining here. because it is raining here. because it is raining here. We have got a little wet.  We will sit inside and We have got a little wet.  We will sit inside and We have got a little wet.  We will sit inside and eat.  Come on, let's keep it.  Come here.  Come here. eat.  Come on, let's keep it.  Come here.  Come here. eat.  Come on, let's keep it.  Come here.  Come here. Guys [sound of clearing throat] it's Guys [sound of clearing throat] it's Guys [sound of clearing throat] it's raining outside a little bit. raining outside a little bit. raining outside a little bit. We got very wet.  She did We got very wet.  She did We got very wet.  She did not come out.  She is surviving because of the cap. not come out.  She is surviving because of the cap. Apply it.  So friends, our Maggi is Apply it.  So friends, our Maggi is Apply it.  So friends, our Maggi is ready.  Now we will eat Maggi in this only. ready.  Now we will eat Maggi in this only. ready.  Now we will eat Maggi in this only. Let's eat? Let's eat? Let's eat? Look friends, look at our Maggi, Look friends, look at our Maggi, Look friends, look at our Maggi, this glutton man did this glutton man did this glutton man did not give it to me, the spoonful of not give it to me, the spoonful of not give it to me, the spoonful of Maggi is ready.  He stood there holding a spoon.   I have Maggi is ready.  He stood there holding a spoon.   I have not given him the spoon, not given him the spoon, not given him the spoon, take the spoon, give him the spoon. take the spoon, give him the spoon. take the spoon, give him the spoon. Where from? Where from? Where from? This greedy girl has not done any hard work This greedy girl has not done any hard work This greedy girl has not done any hard work and yet she is the first one to eat. and yet she is the first one to eat. and yet she is the first one to eat. Friends, can you hear the sound of rain Friends, can you hear the sound of rain Friends, can you hear the sound of rain ?  What kind of sound is this, pat pat pat pat pat ?  What kind of sound is this, pat pat pat pat pat ?  What kind of sound is this, pat pat pat pat pat pat. pat. pat. What? What? What? I am eating.   He did not do I am eating.   He did not do I am eating.   He did not do any work.  And look how she is fighting.   It any work.  And look how she is fighting.   It is very hot but brother, you do is very hot but brother, you do is very hot but brother, you do n't eat food like that.   It n't eat food like that.   It n't eat food like that.   It is very hot.  It is very tasty brother.  Will is very hot.  It is very tasty brother.  Will is very hot.  It is very tasty brother.  Will Maggi really be so tasty?  Is Maggi tasty Maggi really be so tasty?  Is Maggi tasty Maggi really be so tasty?  Is Maggi tasty or is it tasting good because of the hard work or is it tasting good because of the hard work or is it tasting good because of the hard work we have put in?  What do you think we have put in?  What do you think we have put in?  What do you think ?   The ?   The ?   The suffering makes the meat taste better.  So this suffering makes the meat taste better.  So this suffering makes the meat taste better.  So this is the commentary.   There is the commentary.   There is the commentary.   There is a vaccine. is a vaccine. is a vaccine. Call me a spoon too.  I like everything. Call me a spoon too.  I like everything. Call me a spoon too.  I like everything. Yes.  Whatever is available from haram, Yes.  Whatever is available from haram, Yes.  Whatever is available from haram, no filter [laughs] unfiltered Reena, no no filter [laughs] unfiltered Reena, no no filter [laughs] unfiltered Reena, no problem, I mean I just problem, I mean I just problem, I mean I just said something on Badal's face today brother, now look at Badal [laughs] now look at Badal [laughs] now look at Badal [laughs] Badal, look how fast it is glowing, friends, Badal, look how fast it is glowing, friends, Badal, look how fast it is glowing, friends, you see these people licked the whole Maggi, they gave you see these people licked the whole Maggi, they gave you see these people licked the whole Maggi, they gave me just a little and this glutton is busy me just a little and this glutton is busy me just a little and this glutton is busy drinking soup [laughs] she is drinking soup [laughs] she is drinking soup [laughs] she is not giving it to me, do not giving it to me, do not giving it to me, do n't fight friends, see our Maggi is over, it's your n't fight friends, see our Maggi is over, it's your n't fight friends, see our Maggi is over, it's your turn, just lie down here comfortably turn, just lie down here comfortably turn, just lie down here comfortably ?   Is there ?   Is there ?   Is there anyone near it? anyone near it? anyone near it? Where?   Are you Where?   Are you Where?   Are you mad? mad? mad? Really? Really? Really? Brother, stop, stop. Brother, stop, stop. Brother, stop, stop. What is this?  So friends, we were eating Maggi What is this?  So friends, we were eating Maggi What is this?  So friends, we were eating Maggi and suddenly we heard the sound of someone walking here. and suddenly we heard the sound of someone walking here. and suddenly we heard the sound of someone walking here. Where is it visible?  That gas is Where is it visible?  That gas is Where is it visible?  That gas is ours to see.  Where to look?  Look friends, look, look, look, he is ours to see.  Where to look?  Look friends, look, look, look, he is ours to see.  Where to look?  Look friends, look, look, look, he is happy.  Look happy.  Look happy.  Look away. away. away. I am a dog.   There I am a dog.   There I am a dog.   There is a different pleasure in sleeping after eating Maggi, brother.   I am having so much is a different pleasure in sleeping after eating Maggi, brother.   I am having so much is a different pleasure in sleeping after eating Maggi, brother.   I am having so much fun.   I am fun.   I am fun.   I am truthful.  I am feeling like the one we used to truthful.  I am feeling like the one we used to truthful.  I am feeling like the one we used to see on TV in Man vs Wild, it is see on TV in Man vs Wild, it is see on TV in Man vs Wild, it is raining like this while making Maggi, raining like this while making Maggi, raining like this while making Maggi, Mummy, Bhaiya, I heard someone's voice just now, it was Mummy, Bhaiya, I heard someone's voice just now, it was Mummy, Bhaiya, I heard someone's voice just now, it was some animal's voice, some animal's voice, some animal's voice, Bhaiya, it must have been someone's, I don't know, let's go Bhaiya, it must have been someone's, I don't know, let's go out and see, out and see, out and see, Bhaiya, no Bhaiya, don't be afraid, don't die, only a Bhaiya, no Bhaiya, don't be afraid, don't die, only a Bhaiya, no Bhaiya, don't be afraid, don't die, only a voice is coming, voice is coming, voice is coming, Lallu and I will go and see, Lallu and I will go and see, Lallu and I will go and see, yes, there is no yes, there is no yes, there is no dangerous animal here, we are going dangerous animal here, we are going dangerous animal here, we are going alone, we alone, we alone, we will also go back, will also go back, will also go back, yes, I am sure you will yes, I am sure you will yes, I am sure you will not be afraid, she is sleeping, don't be afraid at all. not be afraid, she is sleeping, don't be afraid at all. not be afraid, she is sleeping, don't be afraid at all. No.   Will No.   Will No.   Will you come? you come? you come? Yes.   Come on.   Let us go.   It is Yes.   Come on.   Let us go.   It is raining lightly outside. raining lightly outside. raining lightly outside. No problem.  Don't leave. No problem.  Don't leave. No problem.  Don't leave. Hey, why are you afraid?  Look friends, it became Hey, why are you afraid?  Look friends, it became Hey, why are you afraid?  Look friends, it became dark here the whole night. dark here the whole night. dark here the whole night. And friends, there is a cremation ground on the other side of it.   The And friends, there is a cremation ground on the other side of it.   The And friends, there is a cremation ground on the other side of it.   The sound was coming from here.  Friends, all three of us are sound was coming from here.  Friends, all three of us are sound was coming from here.  Friends, all three of us are outside the tent.  And look, it's outside the tent.  And look, it's outside the tent.  And look, it's raining here.  And I am really feeling a little raining here.  And I am really feeling a little raining here.  And I am really feeling a little scared.  Why? scared.  Why? scared.  Why? Because some sound was coming from behind, Because some sound was coming from behind, Because some sound was coming from behind, I thought let's go and see.  Come on, come on, let's I thought let's go and see.  Come on, come on, let's stay together.  Ok?   Wo stay together.  Ok?   Wo stay together.  Ok?   Wo n't go in too much. n't go in too much. n't go in too much. Not many will come in.  I will come and see. Not many will come in.  I will come and see. Not many will come in.  I will come and see. Look friends, a strange sound of screaming was coming from somewhere in this place. Look friends, a strange sound of screaming was coming from somewhere in this place. Hold my hand gently.  Are you together? Hold my hand gently.  Are you together? Hold my hand gently.  Are you together? Slowly, Slowly, Slowly, slowly. Hey, come here.  Come this way.  Come this way. Hey, come here.  Come this way.  Come this way. Hey, come here.  Come this way.  Come this way. Where was the sound coming from? Where was the sound coming from? Where was the sound coming from? From this side. From this side. From this side. From this side. From this side. From this side. Friends, the sound was coming from somewhere at this place. Friends, the sound was coming from somewhere at this place. Friends, the sound was coming from somewhere at this place. Brother, don't go far, Brother, don't go far, Brother, don't go far, friends, look friends, look friends, look brother, let it be, brother, let it be, brother, let it be, who is she going there, who is she going there, who is she going there, brother, brother, brother, look, look, look, friends, look at that place, look, look, look, friends, look at that place, look, look, look, friends, look at that place, something like a shadow is visible, something strange, something like a shadow is visible, something strange, something like a shadow is visible, something strange, friends, look, something like a shadow is visible, let's friends, look, something like a shadow is visible, let's friends, look, something like a shadow is visible, let's not go, hey, we are going, haven't we come a not go, hey, we are going, haven't we come a not go, hey, we are going, haven't we come a little, let's go, little, let's go, hey, let's go to the hey, let's go to the hey, let's go to the tent, we will go to the tent, we will go to the tent, we will go to the tent, but if at night, yes, hey, tent, but if at night, yes, hey, tent, but if at night, yes, hey, some sound came, at night, some animal some sound came, at night, some animal some sound came, at night, some animal came near its tent.  Then what will we do?   Let's go and see.  I will come and see. came near its tent.  Then what will we do?   Let's go and see.  I will come and see. came near its tent.  Then what will we do?   Let's go and see.  I will come and see. If there are If there are If there are animals here then we will run away from animals here then we will run away from animals here then we will run away from here.  Ok? here.  Ok? here.  Ok? Let's see brother.  Ok.  Don't be afraid, there is no Let's see brother.  Ok.  Don't be afraid, there is no Let's see brother.  Ok.  Don't be afraid, there is no problem.  Hey brother, your problem.  Hey brother, your problem.  Hey brother, your friends are with you.  Why are friends are with you.  Why are friends are with you.  Why are you scared?  What is this on the tree? you scared?  What is this on the tree? you scared?  What is this on the tree? Brother, not us. Brother, not us. Brother, not us. Brother, please come. Brother, please come. Brother, please come. Mummy. Mummy. Mummy. No brother, it is getting late. No brother, it is getting late. No brother, it is getting late. Brother, please come.  Please brother. Brother, please come.  Please brother. Brother, please come.  Please brother. Brother, where is this voice coming from just now? Brother, where is this voice coming from just now? Brother, where is this voice coming from just now? Stay calm and relaxed.  Ok. Stay calm and relaxed.  Ok. Stay calm and relaxed.  Ok. Look guys, get back here guys. guys. guys. Who is it?   There was a Who is it?   There was a Who is it?   There was a strange sound coming from somewhere.  walk back walk back walk comfortably walk strange sound coming from somewhere.  walk back walk back walk comfortably walk strange sound coming from somewhere.  walk back walk back walk comfortably walk comfortably walk don't.   Don't comfortably walk don't.   Don't comfortably walk don't.   Don't shout, don't walk.  The animals will follow.  Do shout, don't walk.  The animals will follow.  Do shout, don't walk.  The animals will follow.  Do n't shout. n't shout. n't shout. Hey, why are you crying here and there?   leave Hey, why are you crying here and there?   leave Hey, why are you crying here and there?   leave me behind. me behind. me behind. Hey, what happened? Hey, what happened? Hey, what happened? O dear. O dear. O dear. Friends, here we can hear the Friends, here we can hear the Friends, here we can hear the screaming sounds of very strange animals.  We wo screaming sounds of very strange animals.  We wo screaming sounds of very strange animals.  We wo n't be able to stay here at night, friend. n't be able to stay here at night, friend. n't be able to stay here at night, friend. People will be able to stop. People will be able to stop. People will be able to stop. Brother, Brother, Brother, she is very scared.   I will wait for now. she is very scared.   I will wait for now. Friends, this is our tent.  We pack up our tents Friends, this is our tent.  We pack up our tents Friends, this is our tent.  We pack up our tents and hurry out of here.   Get your and hurry out of here.   Get your and hurry out of here.   Get your stuff out quickly. stuff out quickly. stuff out quickly. Take out the tent stuff.  Hurry up, hurry up.   Stay Take out the tent stuff.  Hurry up, hurry up.   Stay Take out the tent stuff.  Hurry up, hurry up.   Stay home.  Quickly. home.  Quickly. home.  Quickly. Hurry up, hurry up, that's it. Hurry up, hurry up, that's it. Hurry up, hurry up, that's it. I am really very scared. I am really very scared. I am really very scared. My hands and legs are trembling.  I don't know My hands and legs are trembling.  I don't know My hands and legs are trembling.  I don't know which animal it was brother.  We made a big mistake by which animal it was brother.  We made a big mistake by which animal it was brother.  We made a big mistake by coming here. coming here. coming here. Inside Inside Inside brother, hurry up brother, hurry up brother. brother, hurry up brother, hurry up brother. brother, hurry up brother, hurry up brother. So friend, I think we made a mistake by So friend, I think we made a mistake by So friend, I think we made a mistake by coming here.  We should not go anywhere else.   Just now coming here.  We should not go anywhere else.   Just now coming here.  We should not go anywhere else.   Just now some animal came.  Friends, let's go quickly.  Come on.   Let us go. some animal came.  Friends, let's go quickly.  Come on.   Let us go. Friends, let us end the camping here. Friends, let us end the camping here. Friends, let us end the camping here. We have packed the bags.  Come. We have packed the bags.  Come. We have packed the bags.  Come. Friends, our experience is really very Friends, our experience is really very Friends, our experience is really very scary.  And the animal sounds that are coming scary.  And the animal sounds that are coming scary.  And the animal sounds that are coming from here, what animals are they driving? what animals are they driving? what animals are they driving? First I sit in the car and then I talk to you. First I sit in the car and then I talk to you. First I sit in the car and then I talk to you. Ok.  I'll leave quickly.   I hope none of Ok.  I'll leave quickly.   I hope none of Ok.  I'll leave quickly.   I hope none of my belongings are left.   Is there my belongings are left.   Is there my belongings are left.   Is there any stuff left? any stuff left? any stuff left? Hey, don't run ahead.   Come along. Hey, don't run ahead.   Come along. Hey, don't run ahead.   Come along. Now I will Now I will Now I will die. die. die. Oye Oye where are you going? Oye Oye where are you going? Oye Oye where are you going? We will die. We will die. We will die. Where have you come and where are you coming?  Silent.  Shut up. Where have you come and where are you coming?  Silent.  Shut up. Where have you come and where are you coming?  Silent.  Shut up. Left behind. Left behind. Left behind. Where? Where? Where? Hey, straight straight straight.  Hey, where are you running Hey, straight straight straight.  Hey, where are you running Hey, straight straight straight.  Hey, where are you running ?  Walk straight.  We came near our car. ?  Walk straight.  We came near our car. ?  Walk straight.  We came near our car. Come quickly, come quickly, come quickly, come Come quickly, come quickly, come quickly, come Come quickly, come quickly, come quickly, come quickly, friends, finally we have reached the car friends, finally we have reached the car friends, finally we have reached the car safely, safely, safely, sit, sit, sit, sit, hey, what happened, why are you worried, don't you want to hey, what happened, why are you worried, don't you want to hey, what happened, why are you worried, don't you want to talk, not at home, come on talk, not at home, come on talk, not at home, come on Tina, why are you so worried, Tina, why are you so worried, Tina, why are you so worried, brother, we will brother, we will brother, we will talk at home, let's go home, let's go home, talk at home, let's go home, let's go home, talk at home, let's go home, let's go home, really friends, really friends, really friends, I did not know what the I did not know what the I did not know what the experience of camping is like, that too near the forest, we experience of camping is like, that too near the forest, we experience of camping is like, that too near the forest, we go home and tell how it felt to us. go home and tell how it felt to us. go home and tell how it felt to us. So friends, we have returned safely from the jungle So friends, we have returned safely from the jungle So friends, we have returned safely from the jungle and now we are going to tell and now we are going to tell and now we are going to tell you how our experience was there. you how our experience was there. you how our experience was there. Lallu got a call from mom's house Lallu got a call from mom's house Lallu got a call from mom's house so he had to go urgently, otherwise if he had so he had to go urgently, otherwise if he had so he had to go urgently, otherwise if he had reached here then he would have told us how we felt staying there.  That was the reached here then he would have told us how we felt staying there.  That was the reached here then he would have told us how we felt staying there.  That was the most most most scary thing.   Was it scary thing.   Was it scary thing.   Was it horror? horror? horror? I am still in the same shock.  When we ran away.  I was I am still in the same shock.  When we ran away.  I was I am still in the same shock.  When we ran away.  I was so scared.  I have come to Bagh-Bagh. so scared.  I have come to Bagh-Bagh. He is not there, he looked like a shadow which I found on the tree.  I thought He is not there, he looked like a shadow which I found on the tree.  I thought He is not there, he looked like a shadow which I found on the tree.  I thought that someone might be sitting there, that someone might be sitting there, yes yes yes no, there was a tree there, no, there was a tree there, no, there was a tree there, we were just lying in the tent, we were just lying in the tent, we were just lying in the tent, suddenly we heard the sound of some strange animal and we did suddenly we heard the sound of some strange animal and we did suddenly we heard the sound of some strange animal and we did not know which animal it was, so we went out not know which animal it was, so we went out not know which animal it was, so we went out and started looking and started looking and started looking which animal it was because we were which animal it was because we were which animal it was because we were not supposed to go there at night, if we do not supposed to go there at night, if we do not supposed to go there at night, if we do not go and look first then who knows it might come to not go and look first then who knows it might come to not go and look first then who knows it might come to us at night, how will we be able to see it suddenly, so we us at night, how will we be able to see it suddenly, so we us at night, how will we be able to see it suddenly, so we went out and looked, there was a tree there went out and looked, there was a tree there went out and looked, there was a tree there and some strange white shadow was sitting on the tree, and some strange white shadow was sitting on the tree, yes yes yes really, really, really, and we also saw the eyes of that animal.   I and we also saw the eyes of that animal.   I and we also saw the eyes of that animal.   I swear, from a distance, as we were climbing up, as soon as we swear, from a distance, as we were climbing up, as soon as we went up the tree, the animal suddenly looked at us and went up the tree, the animal suddenly looked at us and went up the tree, the animal suddenly looked at us and looked towards the tree, then looked towards the tree, then looked towards the tree, then yes yes yes you saw it, now see it in the video, you saw it, now see it in the video, you saw it, now see it in the video, see it in the blog, I see it in the blog, I see it in the blog, I swear, so swear, so swear, so friends, this was our experience which friends, this was our experience which friends, this was our experience which we told you, it was really very we told you, it was really very we told you, it was really very scary because the sounds of the animals were scary because the sounds of the animals were scary because the sounds of the animals were scaring us a lot, so scaring us a lot, so scaring us a lot, so now we will stay like this very rarely at night, we will now we will stay like this very rarely at night, we will now we will stay like this very rarely at night, we will watch only during the day, at night we watch only during the day, at night we watch only during the day, at night we held our ears, so now you tell me how you liked this blog, if you liked it then held our ears, so now you tell me how you liked this blog, if you liked it then held our ears, so now you tell me how you liked this blog, if you liked it then like it, subscribe to the channel like it, subscribe to the channel like it, subscribe to the channel and tell in the comment and tell in the comment and tell in the comment which was your favorite moment.  Ok? which was your favorite moment.  Ok? which was your favorite moment.  Ok? See you in the next vlog.