What would it be like for a Telugu village boy to marry a village girl in Kerala? What would it be like for a Telugu village boy to marry a village girl in Kerala? Food and accommodation Food and accommodation Food and accommodation become a big problem when traveling to the Malayalam villages they have given him.  Because become a big problem when traveling to the Malayalam villages they have given him.  Because become a big problem when traveling to the Malayalam villages they have given him.  Because villages don't have proper tourist villages don't have proper tourist villages don't have proper tourist infrastructure, while infrastructure, while infrastructure, while wandering around a village in Kerala, wandering around a village in Kerala, wandering around a village in Kerala, a random person I met didn't know my village, did a random person I met didn't know my village, did a random person I met didn't know my village, did n't know my name, and didn't even speak my language.  If you cut it, you'll have n't know my name, and didn't even speak my language.  If you cut it, you'll have n't know my name, and didn't even speak my language.  If you cut it, you'll have accommodation only at their house, watching football with them, eating food with them, and watching football with them, eating food with them, and watching midnight football matches with the locals. Without even realizing it, watching midnight football matches with the locals. Without even realizing it, watching midnight football matches with the locals. Without even realizing it, they've all become a family.  They have they've all become a family.  They have they've all become a family.  They have become a circle without a circle.  They liked it and become a circle without a circle.  They liked it and even invited me to the wedding of the eldest son at their house.  [Music] They even invited me to the wedding of the eldest son at their house.  [Music] They also said that if we go to the wedding, they will let us watch the match in their neighborhood as a bonus.   All also said that if we go to the wedding, they will let us watch the match in their neighborhood as a bonus.   All also said that if we go to the wedding, they will let us watch the match in their neighborhood as a bonus.   All this fun aside, this fun aside, this fun aside, food and food and food and accommodation can be a big problem when traveling through small villages.  For such accommodation can be a big problem when traveling through small villages.  For such accommodation can be a big problem when traveling through small villages.  For such people, [music] such families are a God-given people, [music] such families are a God-given people, [music] such families are a God-given gift.  Maybe it has nothing to do with the states, it has nothing to do gift.  Maybe it has nothing to do with the states, it has nothing to do gift.  Maybe it has nothing to do with the states, it has nothing to do with the past. I think with the past. I think with the past. I think people everywhere are full of love and affection. If people everywhere are full of love and affection. If you have similar experiences, let me know in the comment you have similar experiences, let me know in the comment you have similar experiences, let me know in the comment section.