This is Ganesan, Shekar's partner.  He This is Ganesan, Shekar's partner.  He has two or three guava groves of his own. has two or three guava groves of his own. has two or three guava groves of his own. Hey Chinnaswamy, is this there? Hey Chinnaswamy, is this there? Hey Chinnaswamy, is this there? Oh, my God, Oh, my God, Oh, my God, how long has it been since dawn? how long has it been since dawn? how long has it been since dawn? Look at the children in the village, what they do to Look at the children in the village, what they do to Look at the children in the village, what they do to go to school and hunt for jobs go to school and hunt for jobs go to school and hunt for jobs .  Hey, .  Hey, .  Hey, I'm sorry, I drank this coffee water I'm sorry, I drank this coffee water I'm sorry, I drank this coffee water .  That man is. .  That man is. .  That man is. This mother's lamentation is enough.  There is This mother's lamentation is enough.  There is This mother's lamentation is enough.  There is no need to talk about Pandya separately.  I'm going to continue no need to talk about Pandya separately.  I'm going to continue no need to talk about Pandya separately.  I'm going to continue drinking and smoking pot drinking and smoking pot drinking and smoking pot .  [Music] .  [Music] .  [Music] Hold on tight, Pandi. Hold on tight, Pandi. Hold on tight, Pandi. Hey, look there, don't be shy, Hey, look there, don't be shy, Hey, look there, don't be shy, this is a famous person.  [Music] this is a famous person.  [Music] this is a famous person.  [Music] I'm working on a wire machine in Temperariya.  He feels like I'm working on a wire machine in Temperariya.  He feels like I'm working on a wire machine in Temperariya.  He feels like God is the one who gives light to this town God is the one who gives light to this town God is the one who gives light to this town . . . How? How? How? This is called Ayyappan. This is called Ayyappan. This is called Ayyappan. 50 paise stone. 50 paise stone. 50 paise stone. Isn't this a big deal? Isn't this a big deal? Isn't this a big deal? This is the only wholesale store in this town. This is the only wholesale store in this town. This is the only wholesale store in this town. Give me 50 cents. Give me 50 cents. Give me 50 cents. This shop This shop This shop was founded with money from their father's retirement from the military. was founded with money from their father's retirement from the military. was founded with money from their father's retirement from the military. Hello, hello, Galle Hello, hello, Galle Hello, hello, Galle . . . This is Kalimuthu.  The financier of this town. This is Kalimuthu.  The financier of this town. This is Kalimuthu.  The financier of this town. Oh, I should have Oh, I should have Oh, I should have come to this shop sooner. come to this shop sooner. come to this shop sooner. He arrived late one day.  Even though he He arrived late one day.  Even though he He arrived late one day.  Even though he arrived late, he arrived early and got off. arrived late, he arrived early and got off. arrived late, he arrived early and got off. The car is expensive. The car is expensive. The car is expensive. Before Ivan finishes his sentence, he has to Before Ivan finishes his sentence, he has to Before Ivan finishes his sentence, he has to say one thing.  These seven people are from the say one thing.  These seven people are from the say one thing.  These seven people are from the same town, but have different amenities and different castes. same town, but have different amenities and different castes. same town, but have different amenities and different castes. One thing that unites them all is One thing that unites them all is One thing that unites them all is kabaddi.  Kabaddi is a game played on this soil kabaddi.  Kabaddi is a game played on this soil kabaddi.  Kabaddi is a game played on this soil .  If only there were land and people to play this game .  If only there were land and people to play this game .  If only there were land and people to play this game .  Our .  Our .  Our accountant is here. accountant is here. accountant is here. They know how to play. They know how to play. They know how to play. One in 100 people doesn't know how to win. One in 100 people doesn't know how to win. One in 100 people doesn't know how to win. Until today, I have never won a single soap bar while traveling abroad Until today, I have never won a single soap bar while traveling abroad Until today, I have never won a single soap bar while traveling abroad .  Unfortunately, .  Unfortunately, they too are dreaming of winning one day for me.   That's just how they too are dreaming of winning one day for me.   That's just how they too are dreaming of winning one day for me.   That's just how life is, that's why the life is, that's why the life is, that's why the game keeps going. They have two points in their team with one bonus point and another point.   The They have two points in their team with one bonus point and another point.   The Kabaddi team player has given up a point within the bounds of the earth.  The son of the earth is has given up a point within the bounds of the earth.  The son of the earth is has given up a point within the bounds of the earth.  The son of the earth is singing. singing. He has raised the intimacy of two people to five.   The He has raised the intimacy of two people to five.   The He has raised the intimacy of two people to five.   The team leader team leader team leader has brought the opponents. Four wins, Four wins, Four wins, Kabaddi, Kabaddi, Kabaddi, he's back without a win. The Kabaddi, Kabaddi, Kabaddi, he's back without a win. The Kabaddi, Kabaddi, Kabaddi, he's back without a win. The player has earned another victory point. player has earned another victory point. player has earned another victory point. [Laughter] The [Laughter] The [Laughter] The vanilla player is singing at lightning speed. He has vanilla player is singing at lightning speed. He has vanilla player is singing at lightning speed. He has earned the first victory point for his team. One point, that's it. He's making himself drunk, making tea so that no one will come to the little bar. himself drunk, making tea so that no one will come to the little bar. Hey, little boy, what's up, Hey, little boy, what's up, Hey, little boy, what's up, what's this? what's this? I said, "Oh, it's a good day, no one will come to the store." I said, "Oh, it's a good day, no one will come to the store." I said, "Oh, it's a good day, no one will come to the store." All the people who ask the woman at home are my All the people who ask the woman at home are my All the people who ask the woman at home are my head.  Okay, head.  Okay, head.  Okay, have some tea, mate.  Aren't we the only ones who can do that have some tea, mate.  Aren't we the only ones who can do that have some tea, mate.  Aren't we the only ones who can do that ?  I don't want anything, just leave. ?  I don't want anything, just leave. ?  I don't want anything, just leave. Where is Thirulakada?   Is Where is Thirulakada?   Is Where is Thirulakada?   Is it true?   I'll be back in a minute to ask for my bride a minute to ask for my bride a minute to ask for my bride .  Okay, okay, come quickly. .  Okay, okay, come quickly. .  Okay, okay, come quickly. My golden princess, Pasangallam, is My golden princess, Pasangallam, is My golden princess, Pasangallam, is calling out to me.  I'm going to the grocery store and I'm coming back calling out to me.  I'm going to the grocery store and I'm coming back calling out to me.  I'm going to the grocery store and I'm coming back .   Even when it's .   Even when it's .   Even when it's good, I'll good, I'll good, I'll tell you to watch the market, if you don't want to be bothered. tell you to watch the market, if you don't want to be bothered. tell you to watch the market, if you don't want to be bothered. Saturday is over.  Come here, Saturday is over.  Come here, Saturday is over.  Come here, sit here and take your life. sit here and take your life. I'll come back as soon as I get home, Lakshmi, wo I'll come back as soon as I get home, Lakshmi, wo I'll come back as soon as I get home, Lakshmi, wo n't you come?   Wait, I'll n't you come?   Wait, I'll n't you come?   Wait, I'll come. come. come. Okay, Lakshmi, go quickly and buy Okay, Lakshmi, go quickly and buy it. Okay, okay, okay. It seems that Subramani will have it. Okay, okay, okay. It seems that Subramani will have it. Okay, okay, okay. It seems that Subramani will have emptied everything in the Ponga satti by the time he gets here. It's not like Mappala is going to come. It's emptied everything in the Ponga satti by the time he gets here. It's not like Mappala is going to come. It's time to time to time to buy it. When did you come? We just buy it. When did you come? We just buy it. When did you come? We just came. Are came. Are came. Are you okay? Are you okay? Get you okay? Are you okay? Get in and eat. No, no. Oh, stay still. Hey, don't in and eat. No, no. Oh, stay still. Hey, don't talk. I'm going to collect you. Let's go to the talk. I'm going to collect you. Let's go to the talk. I'm going to collect you. Let's go to the house. Let's go and take a bath. Come on, my house. Let's go and take a bath. Come on, my husband's fingers have started. Come on, husband's fingers have started. Come on, husband's fingers have started. Come on, okay, okay, okay, buy it. Now you know what it is. Now you know what it is. Now you know what it is. Then, if you blow the whistle, you'll be fine. If you're out, come out. Come out. Oh, don't come so fast in a slow race. Don't come so fast in a slow race. Don't fall down so fast in fear of the danger. Our pot.  Breaking competition [Encouragement] [Applause] If you [Applause] If you [Applause] If you knock, you will be a hundred times better knock, you will be a hundred times better knock, you will be a hundred times better [Applause][Encouragement] Clap your hands Come on, come  If you don't tell me to Clap your hands Come on, come  If you don't tell me to speak locally, I'll tell you that it won't happen. Let it go. Let it go. Let it go. Let it go. speak locally, I'll tell you that it won't happen. Let it go. Let it go. Let it go. Let it go. Next, an elephant took a step to break the pot. He Next, an elephant took a step to break the pot. He thought it was the wrong path. He thought it was the right path. He said, "Hey, sir, it's going. thought it was the wrong path. He thought it was the right path. He said, "Hey, sir, it's going. thought it was the wrong path. He thought it was the right path. He said, "Hey, sir, it's going. It's not going. It's the boy who's running. The hammer is in It's not going. It's the boy who's running. The hammer is in It's not going. It's the boy who's running. The hammer is in our hand. It's breaking. Hey, my friend, my friend, don't tie it. our hand. It's breaking. Hey, my friend, my friend, don't tie it. our hand. It's breaking. Hey, my friend, my friend, don't tie it. Why don't you just tie it up? You're the only one who's going to Why don't you just tie it up? You're the only one who's going to Why don't you just tie it up? You're the only one who's going to ruin it. ruin it. ruin it. Hey, my friend, I won't break my promise to my dead father. Hey, my friend, I won't break my promise to my dead father. Then Then Then my mother-in-law came to Thiruval and sat in my house and my mother-in-law came to Thiruval and sat in my house and my mother-in-law came to Thiruval and sat in my house and took my usury. She was the took my usury. She was the took my usury. She was the only one who only one who only one who said, "Saba, the groom is right. I said, "Saba, the groom is right. I said, "Saba, the groom is right. I won't even give you a tea loan. Don't you know, don't you know, don't you know, don't you know, don't you know, I won't won't even give you a tea loan. Don't you know, don't you know, don't you know, don't you know, don't you know, I won't come. I know very come. I know very come. I know very well. I don't know well. I don't know well. I don't know how to tie anything. I know how to tie anything. I know how to tie anything. I know a little. a little. a little. You will tie your eyes in your afterlife. You will not tie your eyes. You will not tie your eyes. You will tie your eyes without tying your eyes. Even though you are a child who is You will tie your eyes in your afterlife. You will not tie your eyes. You will not tie your eyes. You will tie your eyes without tying your eyes. Even though you are a child who is You will tie your eyes in your afterlife. You will not tie your eyes. You will not tie your eyes. You will tie your eyes without tying your eyes. Even though you are a child who is wearing a phone, it wearing a phone, it seems that the little girl who is now coming towards the table for the sake of the husband has broken the tie. Next in line is Chithappa Pulipandi, who has broken pots many times in Kanyakapatti and is also a Next in line is Chithappa Pulipandi, who has broken pots many times in Kanyakapatti and is also a Silambatta player. It is a sight to behold to see Silambatta player. It is a sight to behold to see Silambatta player. It is a sight to behold to see that tiger breaking pots now that tiger breaking pots now that tiger breaking pots now [laughter]. [laughter]. [laughter]. Oh my, is he like Keezh Usurukka? Oh my, is he like Keezh Usurukka? Oh my, is he like Keezh Usurukka? Next in line is Next in line is Marimuthu, who is constantly losing in the competition while everyone else is Marimuthu, who is constantly losing in the competition while everyone else is Marimuthu, who is constantly losing in the competition while everyone else is getting ready. getting ready. getting ready. Please raise your hands to Marimuth and break this curse. Please raise your hands to Marimuth and break this curse. Please raise your hands to Marimuth and break this curse. I've been talking to you too.  [Applause] [Cheer] Come on, step aside and finish pushing like this [Cheer] Come on, step aside and finish pushing like this .  It seems like he's not coming.  It .  It seems like he's not coming.  It .  It seems like he's not coming.  It looks like a body.  Mariamuthu, who was about to break the pot, looks like a body.  Mariamuthu, who was about to break the pot, woke them up and said, "What is woke them up and said, "What is woke them up and said, "What is this house? Go there, Padiya. Think carefully and break it like a poppa. [Applause] Medhu [Applause] break it like a poppa. [Applause] Medhu [Applause] is getting ready to break the pot.  Now the pan is is getting ready to break the pot.  Now the pan is is getting ready to break the pot.  Now the pan is lifted.  Everyone woke up and said, " lifted.  Everyone woke up and said, " lifted.  Everyone woke up and said, " Satti, Satti, it's on the bottom floor, Marisu is on the top floor, he's Satti, Satti, it's on the bottom floor, Marisu is on the top floor, he's Satti, Satti, it's on the bottom floor, Marisu is on the top floor, he's sitting on the top floor sitting on the top floor sitting on the top floor ."  Now the pot is ."  Now the pot is ."  Now the pot is going to be lifted.  [Applause] going to be lifted.  [Applause] going to be lifted.  [Applause] What's up?   Is What's up?   Is What's up?   Is it a bug or is it a bug that will disappear? it a bug or is it a bug that will disappear? it a bug or is it a bug that will disappear? Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Your car is finished. Here comes Subramani, don't you see Here comes Subramani, don't you see Here comes Subramani, don't you see now, Pandi.  "Wada Subramani, now, Pandi.  "Wada Subramani, now, Pandi.  "Wada Subramani, then you left the old lady alone at home and then you left the old lady alone at home and then you left the old lady alone at home and came back. " came back. " came back. " Yes, Yes, Yes, that's what you asked." that's what you asked." that's what you asked." No, I just wanted to know. No, I just wanted to know. No, I just wanted to know. You're not coming to play either.  I have a little work to do in the morning You're not coming to play either.  I have a little work to do in the morning You're not coming to play either.  I have a little work to do in the morning .  You too, do not come and fear, for the image of Lord .  You too, do not come and fear, for the image of Lord Ganesha, who is causing fear, has gone to call. Ganesha, who is causing fear, has gone to call. Ganesha, who is causing fear, has gone to call. Papa, Papa, Papa, don't leave this one match, I'll leave the soap and go play kabaddi. don't leave this one match, I'll leave the soap and go play kabaddi. don't leave this one match, I'll leave the soap and go play kabaddi. Come and eat kabaddi, kabaddi. Papa, this one Come and eat kabaddi, kabaddi. Papa, this one match, Papa, if you match, Papa, if you match, Papa, if you were just tied up, why are you beating me with your hands and feet? were just tied up, why are you beating me with your hands and feet? I've seen how you play kabaddi for me. I've seen how you play kabaddi for me. I've seen how you play kabaddi for me. Papa, the door is far away. This one match, Papa, the door is far away. This one match, Papa, the door is far away. This one match, Papa, this one person is so annoying, what do you this one person is so annoying, what do you this one person is so annoying, what do you think? Will you come now or think? Will you come now or think? Will you come now or not? not? not? My two little girls are coming, they're calling me My two little girls are coming, they're calling me My two little girls are coming, they're calling me . . . Hey, everyone, come and play.   Oh my god, you've just Hey, everyone, come and play.   Oh my god, you've just arrived.   You're here arrived.   You're here arrived.   You're here .  Hey, my god, he's the .  Hey, my god, he's the .  Hey, my god, he's the only one who's coming alone. only one who's coming alone. only one who's coming alone. Hey Ganesh, where is Hey Ganesh, where is Hey Ganesh, where is he? Your father has he? Your father has he? Your father has locked him in the house. locked him in the house. locked him in the house. What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? He won't come, won't the groom come? He won't come, won't the groom come? He won't come, won't the groom come? Hey, what are you doing now? Hey, what are you doing now? Hey, what are you doing now? I won't come, my friend. I'll buy this match I won't come, my friend. I'll buy this match I won't come, my friend. I'll buy this match . . . Hey, little one, Hey, little one, Hey, little one, I'm I'm I'm a man of ten, wouldn't it be enough if you just came and stood there? a man of ten, wouldn't it be enough if you just came and stood there? Hey, what are you playing?  What did my grandmother do to me? Hey, what are you playing?  What did my grandmother do to me? Hey, what are you playing?  What did my grandmother do to me? Hey, what is this guy Hey, what is this guy Hey, what is this guy talking, making up and dressing up? Did talking, making up and dressing up? Did he come to a beautiful woman who was amazed and stood there? Did he stand there, amazed and stood there? Did he tie a sari and make up and dress up? Can you count it he come to a beautiful woman who was amazed and stood there? Did he stand there, amazed and stood there? Did he tie a sari and make up and dress up? Can you count it correctly? Here are 35 and here are 37. It's here are 37. It's here are 37. It's not enough. not enough. not enough. Then take ₹100. Take Then take ₹100. Take Then take ₹100. Take what are you waiting for? Take 100 rupees. what are you waiting for? Take 100 rupees. what are you waiting for? Take 100 rupees. What is 100 rupees? Take 100 rupees. We gave 100 rupees. There is no What is 100 rupees? Take 100 rupees. We gave 100 rupees. There is no What is 100 rupees? Take 100 rupees. We gave 100 rupees. There is no discount at all. No, don't scold the prota. discount at all. No, don't scold the prota. Oh, let's go. It's Oh, let's go. It's Oh, let's go. It's like you're here. This is a line like you're here. This is a line like you're here. This is a line bet. A bet. A bet. A man said he wanted to eat 50 prota and made a man said he wanted to eat 50 prota and made a man said he wanted to eat 50 prota and made a bet and went away. Shall bet and went away. Shall bet and went away. Shall we come to the bet? we come to the bet? we come to the bet? Anyone can come except this generous person. Anyone can come except this generous person. Anyone can come except this generous person. What kind of bandana does What kind of bandana does What kind of bandana does a person have to eat 50 protons?  If a person have to eat 50 protons?  If a person have to eat 50 protons?  If any of you eat it, I will any of you eat it, I will any of you eat it, I will give you ₹100.  You give you ₹100.  You give you ₹100.  You don't have to pay for Prota. don't have to pay for Prota. don't have to pay for Prota. You've gone mad.  You have to You've gone mad.  You have to You've gone mad.  You have to give me ₹100.  I have to give me ₹100.  I have to give me ₹100.  I have to tie a child to a prota that I ate and ate, tie a child to a prota that I ate and ate, tie a child to a prota that I ate and ate, what's what's what's 50 prota? 50 prota? 50 prota? Yes, Yes, Yes, I'm ready for famine.   He miscalculated by I'm ready for famine.   He miscalculated by I'm ready for famine.   He miscalculated by looking at his figure looking at his figure looking at his figure . . . Madna Supplier Two districts are enough to Two districts are enough to Two districts are enough to oppose them. Where is Dindigul district? oppose them. Where is Dindigul district? oppose them. Where is Dindigul district? Prota, will they stay until you come? Prota, will they stay until you come? Go and take Prota and say, "Oh, this is it, Go and take Prota and say, "Oh, this is it, Go and take Prota and say, "Oh, this is it, Salna, cook it?" [Music] Okay, stab it. [Music] Okay, stab it. [Music] Eat, eat eat eat Go and get it.  Dingu [music] Dingu dinguta Go and get it.  Dingu [music] Dingu dinguta Go and get it.  Dingu [music] Dingu dinguta dinguta hey da da Enough.  I ate 50. Enough.  I ate 50. Enough.  I ate 50. Hey, I've eaten 42 Tandas. Hey, I've eaten 42 Tandas. Hey, I've eaten 42 Tandas. I ate 50, my dear. I ate 50, my dear. I ate 50, my dear. Hey, don't count the number of forts, it's 42. Hey, don't count the number of forts, it's 42. Hey, don't count the number of forts, it's 42. Don't you know I ate 50?   I do Don't you know I ate 50?   I do Don't you know I ate 50?   I do n't know if I n't know if I n't know if I ate 42.   It's impossible ate 42.   It's impossible ate 42.   It's impossible .  You are welcome .  You are welcome .  You are welcome .  I will not agree.  I .  I will not agree.  I .  I will not agree.  I ate.  Destroy all the castles, ate.  Destroy all the castles, ate.  Destroy all the castles, I will eat from the beginning.  You I will eat from the beginning.  You I will eat from the beginning.  You go and get it.  Hey, go and get it.  Hey, go and get it.  Hey, you go and put on a coat. you go and put on a coat. you go and put on a coat. Let's add Anna to that.   The Let's add Anna to that.   The Let's add Anna to that.   The Vanilla Kabaddi team from Dindigul district is Vanilla Kabaddi team from Dindigul district is Vanilla Kabaddi team from Dindigul district is thriving on the pitch thriving on the pitch thriving on the pitch . Brother, we have an audience, 11 Brother, we have an audience, 11 Brother, we have an audience, 11 people are clapping their hands. people are clapping their hands. people are clapping their hands. Kabaddi Kabaddi [Laughter] Kanyakumari Police first point, a Kanyakumari Police first point, a Kanyakumari Police first point, a great start to Kabaddi, which opponent? Kabaddi   Can we Kabaddi, which opponent? Kabaddi   Can we sit down for a while again? sit down for a while again? sit down for a while again? Two more winning catches for the rider line.  If the ball goes beyond the rider line.  If the ball goes beyond the rider line.  If the ball goes beyond the boundary line, it is out.   The boundary line, it is out.   The boundary line, it is out.   The police team is leading with nine points. police team is leading with nine points. Hello sir, who is the point sir? They have Hello sir, who is the point sir? They have Hello sir, who is the point sir? They have dropped everything. They have taken it by making a comedy. dropped everything. They have taken it by making a comedy. dropped everything. They have taken it by making a comedy. Where did I get off? Where did I get off? Where did I get off? He was the one who said that they will play very well. [Encouragement] Stay up, stay up, play [Encouragement] Stay up, stay up, play Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Police Give it to everyone who got three points, give it to everyone  My little give it to everyone  My little give it to everyone  My little sister Perusa, I'm sister Perusa, I'm not going to finish it today, but not going to finish it today, but not going to finish it today, but that little girl's mother-in-law has just given that little girl's mother-in-law has just given that little girl's mother-in-law has just given her daughter a hug.  The her daughter a hug.  The chairman's method of thinking of the boy who tied it was that the girl, Thenmoshi, also chairman's method of thinking of the boy who tied it was that the girl, Thenmoshi, also chairman's method of thinking of the boy who tied it was that the girl, Thenmoshi, also works as a teacher at the Palani School. works as a teacher at the Palani School. works as a teacher at the Palani School. Honey is not a language, Honey is not a language, Honey is not a language, honey is honey is honey is very important. very important. very important. Even the chairman's sister Even the chairman's sister Even the chairman's sister must have spoken to the boy. must have spoken to the boy. must have spoken to the boy. This is a bit of a distant relative. This is a bit of a distant relative. This is a bit of a distant relative. Okay, sir, we'll leave right away. Okay, sir, we'll leave right away. Okay, sir, we'll leave right away. What's wrong, What's wrong, What's wrong, call me Uncle Sara, with all due respect, my friend. call me Uncle Sara, with all due respect, my friend. call me Uncle Sara, with all due respect, my friend. Uncle Sethanda Shekara. Uncle Sethanda Shekara. Uncle Sethanda Shekara. How is that? How is that? How is that? Call me "Hey, uncle" and get off the phone. Call me "Hey, uncle" and get off the phone. Call me "Hey, uncle" and get off the phone. Brother, what are you saying? Uncle, Brother, what are you saying? Uncle, Brother, what are you saying? Uncle, please hide your face and give me a cup of please hide your face and give me a cup of please hide your face and give me a cup of coffee. coffee. coffee. Brother, you are the one who drank that seventh Brother, you are the one who drank that seventh Brother, you are the one who drank that seventh number. It's very good, brother. number. It's very good, brother. number. It's very good, brother. Okay, uncle, we're Okay, uncle, we're Okay, uncle, we're leaving. leaving. leaving. Okay, we're all one in the same Okay, we're all one in the same Okay, we're all one in the same .  We .  We .  We can cook dinner for everyone tomorrow.  Definitely come.   Okay, okay, can cook dinner for everyone tomorrow.  Definitely come.   Okay, okay, can cook dinner for everyone tomorrow.  Definitely come.   Okay, okay, brother, everyone will come. brother, everyone will come. brother, everyone will come. Okay.   I'll Okay.   I'll Okay.   I'll come and pick you up tomorrow.  Hey, don't come and pick you up tomorrow.  Hey, don't come and pick you up tomorrow.  Hey, don't come back, come back, come back, what are you all doing here? what are you all doing here? what are you all doing here? Our own children have come to play and Our own children have come to play and Our own children have come to play and win, aren't win, aren't they, are they, our own children? How are they, my dear they, are they, our own children? How are they, my dear they, are they, our own children? How are they, my dear Look, Look, Look, you're all from the same village, you're all from the same village, you're all from the same village, Grandma. Grandma. Grandma. Which goddamn ruler are you? Which goddamn ruler are you? Which goddamn ruler are you? That's where you come from, are That's where you come from, are That's where you come from, are you from the lower street? you from the lower street? you from the lower street? They were all guests who came to our house They were all guests who came to our house They were all guests who came to our house . . . What do you care about which street they are on, which temple they worship? What do you care about which street they are on, which temple they worship? What do you care about which street they are on, which temple they worship? Oh, why do Oh, why do Oh, why do n't you ask what caste you are? n't you ask what caste you are? n't you ask what caste you are? What are you doing, asking about caste?   You What are you doing, asking about caste?   You can only move fast if you learn to lift both caste and religion and not burden them.   Come can only move fast if you learn to lift both caste and religion and not burden them.   Come can only move fast if you learn to lift both caste and religion and not burden them.   Come inside, inside, inside, I'll walk quickly and tear you apart. I'll walk quickly and tear you apart. I'll walk quickly and tear you apart. Go Go Go join the party and say that there is no caste, no religion, no join the party and say that there is no caste, no religion, no join the party and say that there is no caste, no religion, no age. No matter age. No matter age. No matter how much you say, your intellect doesn't want to be how much you say, your intellect doesn't want to be how much you say, your intellect doesn't want to be spoiled like your house. spoiled like your house. spoiled like your house. Listen and eat. Listen and eat. Listen and eat. What, brother? Is it spicy? What, brother? Is it spicy? What, brother? Is it spicy? That's not all.  What's the idea? I remembered That's not all.  What's the idea? I remembered That's not all.  What's the idea? I remembered my father. I've my father. I've never eaten any of your good food. Time flies. I never eaten any of your good food. Time flies. I never eaten any of your good food. Time flies. I want to make porridge like this. want to make porridge like this. want to make porridge like this. What's the point? I'll come and make it. What's the point? I'll come and make it. What's the point? I'll come and make it. It's just a mouthful. Brother, you It's just a mouthful. Brother, you It's just a mouthful. Brother, you eat it. May eat it. May eat it. May everything go well for you and your mother. everything go well for you and your mother. everything go well for you and your mother. What are you studying in college? What are you studying in college? What are you studying in college? Which college is Which college is Which college is Meenakshi College?