Guys, this is a product review on the
Volcam Q2
SC scooter.
All right, so today I'm going to be
doing a product review on this scooter
and a F and a POV on this wonderful
scooter. So, this is a Volpam Q2 by
Vulpam. And it has um a rear, it has a
dual braking system. Um I have my own
tripod in here. It did not come with a
tripod, but I got my own tripod. Um, and
it comes with a tail light and a
headlight right here. A pretty bright
headlight. Uh, we probably should have
got this at night, but it's fine. Um, it
also can fold up. It uses a folding
system. This is to lock the folding in
right here.
So, yeah. So, that and it also comes
with a kickstand, but that's obvious.
It's an electric scooter. To um fold it
up, you pull this up, pull this down,
then you drop it, and it folds. This
also has a dinging a ding system.
It also comes with a like a bicycle type
brake, I guess you could say, right
here. And and um it has a really good
throttle. And this reaches speeds of
about 19 mph. Um I've experienced only
16 though for some for some reason. Um,
I think it's a problem with um the body
weight and the friction of the ground
when it's riding.
It also has cruise control. Um, and uh,
it has three modes. Um, eco mode, drive
mode, and sport mode. It's very good.
Amazing modes. I I I love this scooter.
It's pretty good. Um, yeah. So, tires
are really big and then it's got Yeah.
And it even comes with an app on the
phone which can lock the scooter
um so if you don't want anybody getting
on it which means it also locks the
tires and it makes it when you press the
throttle the light flashes
and um and it like beeps and stuff. Um
this takes about 3 seconds to turn on
about 3 seconds to turn off. Um and
that's basically how this works. All
right. So, I'm going to go ahead and
show you my POV of on this scooter. So,
now you're seeing my actual POV. All
right. Let's go ahead and get ready to
start. Okay, so this thing goes again 16
MPH on the roads. Slow down here a
little bit. Not kill myself. Holy moly.
All right. So, I'm going to be taking
you on a little bit of a ride. It's
going to be a fiveminute ride. Hope you
guys enjoy the show.
All right. So, this again has cruise
control. So, right now, you heard that
beep. I am no longer pressing pressing
the throttle and it's just cooking and
it's just flying around and uh it's
having fun. So, yeah. So, I kind of like
that part about this scooter. It's um
really good actually. A really good day
to be doing this. I'm kind of screaming
right now because I do not have my wind
guard on my mic right now. So, yeah. Um,
it's really windy out, but uh, yeah,
we're we're pretty good on that. All
right, so I'm going to turn off cruise
control. 1 2 3 4 5. No, wrong one. One,
two, three, four, five. You can also
change it from miles per hour to
kilometers per hour. And that's what I
like about this thing. So, all right.
So, we're just going to head down this
road a little bit, and then we'll head
back to my house, and we'll end the PMV.
But, um, yeah. So, um, really fun
scooter. I recommend
um getting it from Amazon or
vulpam.store.com.
Either one you can get it from. And uh
it's like a lot of fun to play with. Uh
okay. Or I noticed though if you slam
the brakes too hard, you can cause it to
um almost cause you to face plant in the
concrete. I kind I kind of noticed that
a little bit. So, just keep that in mind
when buying the scooter. If this is for
adults, so if you're uh if you're um
younger in age, I recommend not buying
this scooter if you're like eight or
nine.
Um but I'm 11, so I'm pretty chill on
this. It's pretty It's pretty cooking
for me. I'm not not bad or anything on
it. It's pretty It's pretty good, so I
like that. I'm going to go ahead and go
in between these speed bumps. I don't
really want to hit them because
yeah, here are speed bumps and no one
likes speed bumps if you get what I'm
saying. Um, this has 35°
climbing climbing when climbing up roads
and stuff. So, yeah, that's that's
something that I like about it, too.
It's uh really nice actually outside.
Holy, I'm loving this place outside.
Holy moly, it is great. It is great.
Absolutely wonderful. Absolutely
wonderful. Okay, I got a car behind me.
All right, you're going to need to slow
down, dildo. Going to uh need to fly on
over to the side real quick. Let this
car pass. I got a car right here.
They're kind of coming through.
Can let them pass real quick.
I ding my little I ding my little bell
at them.
What's up?
Yeah. So, I'm just riding right behind
this truck back here. And we're just
going to go ahead and slowly slow down
back here.
All right.
Okay. Car right there, guys. I just
slammed on my brakes.
Holy guacamole.
Yes, I have no turn signals sadly, but
that's okay. It's a only a $220 scooter,
so it's not Oh gosh, not insane with the
turn signals and all that crap. Um, and
all that jazz. So, yeah. So, we're
heading back to my house right about now
and running down here. I have some very
bumpy roads, so you're going to see a
little bit of bumps in the road. All
right, I'm going to go slow down here.
And I hope you guys like that customer
review. All right, see you on the next
one. Peace out.
