Guys, this is a product review on the Guys, this is a product review on the Guys, this is a product review on the Volcam Q2 Volcam Q2 Volcam Q2 SC scooter. SC scooter. SC scooter. All right, so today I'm going to be All right, so today I'm going to be All right, so today I'm going to be doing a product review on this scooter doing a product review on this scooter doing a product review on this scooter and a F and a POV on this wonderful and a F and a POV on this wonderful and a F and a POV on this wonderful scooter. So, this is a Volpam Q2 by scooter. So, this is a Volpam Q2 by scooter. So, this is a Volpam Q2 by Vulpam. And it has um a rear, it has a Vulpam. And it has um a rear, it has a Vulpam. And it has um a rear, it has a dual braking system. Um I have my own dual braking system. Um I have my own dual braking system. Um I have my own tripod in here. It did not come with a tripod in here. It did not come with a tripod in here. It did not come with a tripod, but I got my own tripod. Um, and tripod, but I got my own tripod. Um, and tripod, but I got my own tripod. Um, and it comes with a tail light and a it comes with a tail light and a it comes with a tail light and a headlight right here. A pretty bright headlight right here. A pretty bright headlight right here. A pretty bright headlight. Uh, we probably should have headlight. Uh, we probably should have headlight. Uh, we probably should have got this at night, but it's fine. Um, it got this at night, but it's fine. Um, it got this at night, but it's fine. Um, it also can fold up. It uses a folding also can fold up. It uses a folding also can fold up. It uses a folding system. This is to lock the folding in system. This is to lock the folding in system. This is to lock the folding in right here. right here. right here. So, yeah. So, that and it also comes So, yeah. So, that and it also comes So, yeah. So, that and it also comes with a kickstand, but that's obvious. with a kickstand, but that's obvious. with a kickstand, but that's obvious. It's an electric scooter. To um fold it It's an electric scooter. To um fold it It's an electric scooter. To um fold it up, you pull this up, pull this down, up, you pull this up, pull this down, up, you pull this up, pull this down, then you drop it, and it folds. This then you drop it, and it folds. This then you drop it, and it folds. This also has a dinging a ding system. also has a dinging a ding system. also has a dinging a ding system. It also comes with a like a bicycle type It also comes with a like a bicycle type It also comes with a like a bicycle type brake, I guess you could say, right brake, I guess you could say, right brake, I guess you could say, right here. And and um it has a really good here. And and um it has a really good here. And and um it has a really good throttle. And this reaches speeds of throttle. And this reaches speeds of throttle. And this reaches speeds of about 19 mph. Um I've experienced only about 19 mph. Um I've experienced only about 19 mph. Um I've experienced only 16 though for some for some reason. Um, 16 though for some for some reason. Um, 16 though for some for some reason. Um, I think it's a problem with um the body I think it's a problem with um the body I think it's a problem with um the body weight and the friction of the ground weight and the friction of the ground weight and the friction of the ground when it's riding. when it's riding. when it's riding. It also has cruise control. Um, and uh, It also has cruise control. Um, and uh, It also has cruise control. Um, and uh, it has three modes. Um, eco mode, drive it has three modes. Um, eco mode, drive it has three modes. Um, eco mode, drive mode, and sport mode. It's very good. mode, and sport mode. It's very good. mode, and sport mode. It's very good. Amazing modes. I I I love this scooter. Amazing modes. I I I love this scooter. Amazing modes. I I I love this scooter. It's pretty good. Um, yeah. So, tires It's pretty good. Um, yeah. So, tires It's pretty good. Um, yeah. So, tires are really big and then it's got Yeah. are really big and then it's got Yeah. are really big and then it's got Yeah. And it even comes with an app on the And it even comes with an app on the And it even comes with an app on the phone which can lock the scooter phone which can lock the scooter phone which can lock the scooter um so if you don't want anybody getting um so if you don't want anybody getting um so if you don't want anybody getting on it which means it also locks the on it which means it also locks the on it which means it also locks the tires and it makes it when you press the tires and it makes it when you press the tires and it makes it when you press the throttle the light flashes throttle the light flashes throttle the light flashes and um and it like beeps and stuff. Um and um and it like beeps and stuff. Um and um and it like beeps and stuff. Um this takes about 3 seconds to turn on this takes about 3 seconds to turn on this takes about 3 seconds to turn on about 3 seconds to turn off. Um and about 3 seconds to turn off. Um and about 3 seconds to turn off. Um and that's basically how this works. All that's basically how this works. All that's basically how this works. All right. So, I'm going to go ahead and right. So, I'm going to go ahead and right. So, I'm going to go ahead and show you my POV of on this scooter. So, show you my POV of on this scooter. So, show you my POV of on this scooter. So, now you're seeing my actual POV. All now you're seeing my actual POV. All now you're seeing my actual POV. All right. Let's go ahead and get ready to right. Let's go ahead and get ready to right. Let's go ahead and get ready to start. Okay, so this thing goes again 16 start. Okay, so this thing goes again 16 start. Okay, so this thing goes again 16 MPH on the roads. Slow down here a MPH on the roads. Slow down here a MPH on the roads. Slow down here a little bit. Not kill myself. Holy moly. little bit. Not kill myself. Holy moly. little bit. Not kill myself. Holy moly. All right. So, I'm going to be taking All right. So, I'm going to be taking All right. So, I'm going to be taking you on a little bit of a ride. It's you on a little bit of a ride. It's you on a little bit of a ride. It's going to be a fiveminute ride. Hope you going to be a fiveminute ride. Hope you going to be a fiveminute ride. Hope you guys enjoy the show. guys enjoy the show. guys enjoy the show. All right. So, this again has cruise All right. So, this again has cruise All right. So, this again has cruise control. So, right now, you heard that control. So, right now, you heard that control. So, right now, you heard that beep. I am no longer pressing pressing beep. I am no longer pressing pressing beep. I am no longer pressing pressing the throttle and it's just cooking and the throttle and it's just cooking and the throttle and it's just cooking and it's just flying around and uh it's it's just flying around and uh it's it's just flying around and uh it's having fun. So, yeah. So, I kind of like having fun. So, yeah. So, I kind of like having fun. So, yeah. So, I kind of like that part about this scooter. It's um that part about this scooter. It's um that part about this scooter. It's um really good actually. A really good day really good actually. A really good day really good actually. A really good day to be doing this. I'm kind of screaming to be doing this. I'm kind of screaming to be doing this. I'm kind of screaming right now because I do not have my wind right now because I do not have my wind right now because I do not have my wind guard on my mic right now. So, yeah. Um, guard on my mic right now. So, yeah. Um, guard on my mic right now. So, yeah. Um, it's really windy out, but uh, yeah, it's really windy out, but uh, yeah, it's really windy out, but uh, yeah, we're we're pretty good on that. All we're we're pretty good on that. All we're we're pretty good on that. All right, so I'm going to turn off cruise right, so I'm going to turn off cruise right, so I'm going to turn off cruise control. 1 2 3 4 5. No, wrong one. One, control. 1 2 3 4 5. No, wrong one. One, control. 1 2 3 4 5. No, wrong one. One, two, three, four, five. You can also two, three, four, five. You can also two, three, four, five. You can also change it from miles per hour to change it from miles per hour to change it from miles per hour to kilometers per hour. And that's what I kilometers per hour. And that's what I kilometers per hour. And that's what I like about this thing. So, all right. like about this thing. So, all right. like about this thing. So, all right. So, we're just going to head down this So, we're just going to head down this So, we're just going to head down this road a little bit, and then we'll head road a little bit, and then we'll head road a little bit, and then we'll head back to my house, and we'll end the PMV. back to my house, and we'll end the PMV. back to my house, and we'll end the PMV. But, um, yeah. So, um, really fun But, um, yeah. So, um, really fun But, um, yeah. So, um, really fun scooter. I recommend scooter. I recommend scooter. I recommend um getting it from Amazon or um getting it from Amazon or um getting it from Amazon or vulpam.store.com. vulpam.store.com. vulpam.store.com. Either one you can get it from. And uh Either one you can get it from. And uh Either one you can get it from. And uh it's like a lot of fun to play with. Uh it's like a lot of fun to play with. Uh it's like a lot of fun to play with. Uh okay. Or I noticed though if you slam okay. Or I noticed though if you slam okay. Or I noticed though if you slam the brakes too hard, you can cause it to the brakes too hard, you can cause it to the brakes too hard, you can cause it to um almost cause you to face plant in the um almost cause you to face plant in the um almost cause you to face plant in the concrete. I kind I kind of noticed that concrete. I kind I kind of noticed that concrete. I kind I kind of noticed that a little bit. So, just keep that in mind a little bit. So, just keep that in mind a little bit. So, just keep that in mind when buying the scooter. If this is for when buying the scooter. If this is for when buying the scooter. If this is for adults, so if you're uh if you're um adults, so if you're uh if you're um adults, so if you're uh if you're um younger in age, I recommend not buying younger in age, I recommend not buying younger in age, I recommend not buying this scooter if you're like eight or this scooter if you're like eight or this scooter if you're like eight or nine. nine. nine. Um but I'm 11, so I'm pretty chill on Um but I'm 11, so I'm pretty chill on Um but I'm 11, so I'm pretty chill on this. It's pretty It's pretty cooking this. It's pretty It's pretty cooking this. It's pretty It's pretty cooking for me. I'm not not bad or anything on for me. I'm not not bad or anything on for me. I'm not not bad or anything on it. It's pretty It's pretty good, so I it. It's pretty It's pretty good, so I it. It's pretty It's pretty good, so I like that. I'm going to go ahead and go like that. I'm going to go ahead and go like that. I'm going to go ahead and go in between these speed bumps. I don't in between these speed bumps. I don't in between these speed bumps. I don't really want to hit them because really want to hit them because really want to hit them because yeah, here are speed bumps and no one yeah, here are speed bumps and no one yeah, here are speed bumps and no one likes speed bumps if you get what I'm likes speed bumps if you get what I'm likes speed bumps if you get what I'm saying. Um, this has 35° saying. Um, this has 35° saying. Um, this has 35° climbing climbing when climbing up roads climbing climbing when climbing up roads climbing climbing when climbing up roads and stuff. So, yeah, that's that's and stuff. So, yeah, that's that's and stuff. So, yeah, that's that's something that I like about it, too. something that I like about it, too. something that I like about it, too. It's uh really nice actually outside. It's uh really nice actually outside. It's uh really nice actually outside. Holy, I'm loving this place outside. Holy, I'm loving this place outside. Holy, I'm loving this place outside. Holy moly, it is great. It is great. Holy moly, it is great. It is great. Holy moly, it is great. It is great. Absolutely wonderful. Absolutely Absolutely wonderful. Absolutely Absolutely wonderful. Absolutely wonderful. Okay, I got a car behind me. wonderful. Okay, I got a car behind me. wonderful. Okay, I got a car behind me. All right, you're going to need to slow All right, you're going to need to slow All right, you're going to need to slow down, dildo. Going to uh need to fly on down, dildo. Going to uh need to fly on down, dildo. Going to uh need to fly on over to the side real quick. Let this over to the side real quick. Let this over to the side real quick. Let this car pass. I got a car right here. car pass. I got a car right here. car pass. I got a car right here. They're kind of coming through. They're kind of coming through. They're kind of coming through. Can let them pass real quick. Can let them pass real quick. Can let them pass real quick. I ding my little I ding my little bell I ding my little I ding my little bell I ding my little I ding my little bell at them. What's up? What's up? What's up? Yeah. So, I'm just riding right behind Yeah. So, I'm just riding right behind Yeah. So, I'm just riding right behind this truck back here. And we're just this truck back here. And we're just this truck back here. And we're just going to go ahead and slowly slow down going to go ahead and slowly slow down going to go ahead and slowly slow down back here. All right. Okay. Car right there, guys. I just Okay. Car right there, guys. I just Okay. Car right there, guys. I just slammed on my brakes. slammed on my brakes. slammed on my brakes. Holy guacamole. Holy guacamole. Holy guacamole. Yes, I have no turn signals sadly, but Yes, I have no turn signals sadly, but Yes, I have no turn signals sadly, but that's okay. It's a only a $220 scooter, that's okay. It's a only a $220 scooter, that's okay. It's a only a $220 scooter, so it's not Oh gosh, not insane with the so it's not Oh gosh, not insane with the so it's not Oh gosh, not insane with the turn signals and all that crap. Um, and turn signals and all that crap. Um, and turn signals and all that crap. Um, and all that jazz. So, yeah. So, we're all that jazz. So, yeah. So, we're all that jazz. So, yeah. So, we're heading back to my house right about now heading back to my house right about now heading back to my house right about now and running down here. I have some very and running down here. I have some very and running down here. I have some very bumpy roads, so you're going to see a bumpy roads, so you're going to see a bumpy roads, so you're going to see a little bit of bumps in the road. All little bit of bumps in the road. All little bit of bumps in the road. All right, I'm going to go slow down here. right, I'm going to go slow down here. right, I'm going to go slow down here. And I hope you guys like that customer And I hope you guys like that customer And I hope you guys like that customer review. All right, see you on the next review. All right, see you on the next review. All right, see you on the next one. Peace out.