Sat Sri Akal, hello friends. Today we will
review a product which is
very much needed by today's generation.
For those who work in front of a laptop computer all day or live a very stressful life, we are going to review
this triple product of Vaidan.
Because Vaidan is making
this product available to you at this time as a sample rate, which is only above the delivery charges.
Inside this
you get brain dose capsules.
Along with this, Brain Amrit Powder is also available and
honey is also available in it which is Pancham Honey.
And it also says that the
brain dose has to be
taken at 5:00 pm. And you have to
take one or half spoon of brain nectar with milk at night.
If children are under
any kind of stress or are in
any kind of depression, they can also take it.
Like these new things have come out these days.
Stress and depression have arrived. So
after taking this you
get a lot of relaxation. I am reviewing this
because it is our second pack.
After taking this, we
felt so much relief that we started sleeping on time. I have started getting
all kinds of comfort. The
mind has started to become calm. That's why
we are reviewing this product
because we have used it once
and are going to use it for the second time.
So you
get three things for just ₹650 and
what are those three things? I am showing you all those three things
inside my open pack.
Brain Amrit comes in a large powder box,
inside which you take one spoon with half spoon of
milk at night. You will get a lot of relief.
This is 10 capsules of Brain Dose.
You can see its rate. The rate is
written on it, I think its rate is around ₹650.
No, I think the rate of
Brain Dose is ₹990. How do you take Brain Dose
? Take one capsule daily at 5:00 pm
for 10 days. You will feel the difference on the second day itself. If
you have
any kind of brain related problem, you will
get relief. In this he has added
hill honey. You can also drink it by adding it to milk. You
can eat it anyway.
This is highly filtered honey. Your throat
problems also affect your sugar level.
And you
can read its benefits in Vaidyaman. Now comes the brain
nectar. Brain Amrit improves
memory. Memory is very important for children who have a
lot of stress due to studies or for the
person who does a job, that is, studies or does
official work.
It contains
many things like Shankh Pushpi, Jatamansi etc.
which are very beneficial for you and for the
peace of your mind.
We have used it. We are
also making our children use it in our home.
This is having a great effect and I am
getting peace of mind that the child is falling asleep easily.
We are going to sleep easily.
Even the elderly person is falling asleep. He is
not having any problem waking up from sleep. The
mind is also remaining calm. Meaning,
if you want to remain calm even in an angry environment, then
definitely take Brain Dose and Brain Amrit. You will stop taking stress on your mind.
This time the company is giving you such a good product as a
sample for just ₹650.
You should just eat the sample. You will
get so much benefit that you will order it easily.
So like, share and subscribe to the channel for
this review.
