Sat Sri Akal, hello friends.  Today we will Sat Sri Akal, hello friends.  Today we will Sat Sri Akal, hello friends.  Today we will review a product which is review a product which is review a product which is very much needed by today's generation. very much needed by today's generation. For those who work in front of a laptop computer all day or live a very stressful life, we are going to review For those who work in front of a laptop computer all day or live a very stressful life, we are going to review For those who work in front of a laptop computer all day or live a very stressful life, we are going to review this triple product of Vaidan. this triple product of Vaidan. this triple product of Vaidan. Because Vaidan is making Because Vaidan is making this product available to you at this time as a sample rate, which is only above the delivery charges. this product available to you at this time as a sample rate, which is only above the delivery charges. this product available to you at this time as a sample rate, which is only above the delivery charges. Inside this Inside this Inside this you get brain dose capsules. you get brain dose capsules. you get brain dose capsules. Along with this, Brain Amrit Powder is also available and Along with this, Brain Amrit Powder is also available and Along with this, Brain Amrit Powder is also available and honey is also available in it which is Pancham Honey. honey is also available in it which is Pancham Honey. honey is also available in it which is Pancham Honey. And it also says that the And it also says that the And it also says that the brain dose has to be brain dose has to be brain dose has to be taken at 5:00 pm.  And you have to taken at 5:00 pm.  And you have to taken at 5:00 pm.  And you have to take one or half spoon of brain nectar with milk at night. take one or half spoon of brain nectar with milk at night. take one or half spoon of brain nectar with milk at night. If children are under If children are under If children are under any kind of stress or are in any kind of stress or are in any kind of stress or are in any kind of depression, they can also take it. any kind of depression, they can also take it. any kind of depression, they can also take it. Like these new things have come out these days. Like these new things have come out these days. Like these new things have come out these days. Stress and depression have arrived.  So Stress and depression have arrived.  So Stress and depression have arrived.  So after taking this you after taking this you after taking this you get a lot of relaxation.  I am reviewing this get a lot of relaxation.  I am reviewing this get a lot of relaxation.  I am reviewing this because it is our second pack. because it is our second pack. because it is our second pack. After taking this, we After taking this, we After taking this, we felt so much relief that we started sleeping on time.  I have started getting felt so much relief that we started sleeping on time.  I have started getting felt so much relief that we started sleeping on time.  I have started getting all kinds of comfort.  The all kinds of comfort.  The all kinds of comfort.  The mind has started to become calm.   That's why mind has started to become calm.   That's why mind has started to become calm.   That's why we are reviewing this product we are reviewing this product we are reviewing this product because we have used it once because we have used it once because we have used it once and are going to use it for the second time. and are going to use it for the second time. and are going to use it for the second time. So you So you So you get three things for just ₹650 and get three things for just ₹650 and get three things for just ₹650 and what are those three things?  I am showing you all those three things what are those three things?  I am showing you all those three things what are those three things?  I am showing you all those three things inside my open pack. inside my open pack. inside my open pack. Brain Amrit comes in a large powder box, Brain Amrit comes in a large powder box, Brain Amrit comes in a large powder box, inside which you take one spoon with half spoon of inside which you take one spoon with half spoon of inside which you take one spoon with half spoon of milk at night.  You will get a lot of relief. milk at night.  You will get a lot of relief. milk at night.  You will get a lot of relief. This is 10 capsules of Brain Dose. This is 10 capsules of Brain Dose. This is 10 capsules of Brain Dose. You can see its rate.  The rate is You can see its rate.  The rate is You can see its rate.  The rate is written on it, I think its rate is around ₹650. written on it, I think its rate is around ₹650. written on it, I think its rate is around ₹650. No, I think the rate of No, I think the rate of No, I think the rate of Brain Dose is ₹990.  How do you take Brain Dose Brain Dose is ₹990.  How do you take Brain Dose Brain Dose is ₹990.  How do you take Brain Dose ?  Take one capsule daily at 5:00 pm ?  Take one capsule daily at 5:00 pm ?  Take one capsule daily at 5:00 pm for 10 days.  You will feel the difference on the second day itself.  If for 10 days.  You will feel the difference on the second day itself.  If for 10 days.  You will feel the difference on the second day itself.  If you have you have you have any kind of brain related problem, you will any kind of brain related problem, you will any kind of brain related problem, you will get relief.  In this he has added get relief.  In this he has added get relief.  In this he has added hill honey.  You can also drink it by adding it to milk.  You hill honey.  You can also drink it by adding it to milk.  You hill honey.  You can also drink it by adding it to milk.  You can eat it anyway. can eat it anyway. can eat it anyway. This is highly filtered honey.  Your throat This is highly filtered honey.  Your throat This is highly filtered honey.  Your throat problems also affect your sugar level. problems also affect your sugar level. problems also affect your sugar level. And you And you And you can read its benefits in Vaidyaman.  Now comes the brain can read its benefits in Vaidyaman.  Now comes the brain can read its benefits in Vaidyaman.  Now comes the brain nectar.  Brain Amrit improves nectar.  Brain Amrit improves nectar.  Brain Amrit improves memory.  Memory is very important for children who have a memory.  Memory is very important for children who have a memory.  Memory is very important for children who have a lot of stress due to studies or for the lot of stress due to studies or for the lot of stress due to studies or for the person who does a job, that is, studies or does person who does a job, that is, studies or does person who does a job, that is, studies or does official work. official work. official work. It contains It contains It contains many things like Shankh Pushpi, Jatamansi etc. many things like Shankh Pushpi, Jatamansi etc. many things like Shankh Pushpi, Jatamansi etc. which are very beneficial for you and for the which are very beneficial for you and for the which are very beneficial for you and for the peace of your mind. peace of your mind. peace of your mind. We have used it.  We are We have used it.  We are We have used it.  We are also making our children use it in our home. also making our children use it in our home. also making our children use it in our home. This is having a great effect and I am This is having a great effect and I am This is having a great effect and I am getting peace of mind that the child is falling asleep easily. getting peace of mind that the child is falling asleep easily. getting peace of mind that the child is falling asleep easily. We are going to sleep easily. We are going to sleep easily. We are going to sleep easily. Even the elderly person is falling asleep.  He is Even the elderly person is falling asleep.  He is Even the elderly person is falling asleep.  He is not having any problem waking up from sleep.  The not having any problem waking up from sleep.  The not having any problem waking up from sleep.  The mind is also remaining calm.  Meaning, mind is also remaining calm.  Meaning, mind is also remaining calm.  Meaning, if you want to remain calm even in an angry environment, then if you want to remain calm even in an angry environment, then definitely take Brain Dose and Brain Amrit.  You will stop taking stress on your mind. definitely take Brain Dose and Brain Amrit.  You will stop taking stress on your mind. definitely take Brain Dose and Brain Amrit.  You will stop taking stress on your mind. This time the company is giving you such a good product as a This time the company is giving you such a good product as a This time the company is giving you such a good product as a sample for just ₹650. sample for just ₹650. sample for just ₹650. You should just eat the sample.  You will You should just eat the sample.  You will You should just eat the sample.  You will get so much benefit that you will order it easily. get so much benefit that you will order it easily. get so much benefit that you will order it easily. So like, share and subscribe to the channel for So like, share and subscribe to the channel for So like, share and subscribe to the channel for this review.