Hello everyone, I am Kritika Hello everyone, I am Kritika Hello everyone, I am Kritika from Dhanbad [Music] Jharkhand and today I have to go from Dhanbad [Music] Jharkhand and today I have to go from Dhanbad [Music] Jharkhand and today I have to go out for which I am late.  So out for which I am late.  So out for which I am late.  So I show you what I'm going to wear.  First of all I show you what I'm going to wear.  First of all I show you what I'm going to wear.  First of all I am going to show [music] I am going to show [music] I am going to show [music] my kurta set which I will be my kurta set which I will be my kurta set which I will be wearing right now. wearing right now. wearing right now. This [music] This [music] This [music] is my kurta set for today.  The one is my kurta set for today.  The one is my kurta set for today.  The one I'm going to wear today [MUSIC].   It's a I'm going to wear today [MUSIC].   It's a I'm going to wear today [MUSIC].   It's a beautiful Kutta [music] set and beautiful Kutta [music] set and beautiful Kutta [music] set and you guys tell me how I look in it. you guys tell me how I look in it. [Music] Man, [Music] Man, [Music] Man, this suit looks so beautiful.  Look it's this suit looks so beautiful.  Look it's this suit looks so beautiful.  Look it's really beautiful. really beautiful. really beautiful. Now I can do anything with it [music]. Now I can do anything with it [music]. Now I can do anything with it [music]. It's going to look beautiful because this It's going to look beautiful because this It's going to look beautiful because this suit is amazing.  If you want this suit then suit is amazing.  If you want this suit then suit is amazing.  If you want this suit then you will get the link in the description box. you will get the link in the description box. you will get the link in the description box. So I quickly do some So I quickly do some So I quickly do some makeup.  Otherwise, if my husband comes makeup.  Otherwise, if my husband comes makeup.  Otherwise, if my husband comes [music] and sees me again like that, [music] and sees me again like that, [music] and sees me again like that, 10 minutes late, he'll go crazy. 10 minutes late, he'll go crazy. 10 minutes late, he'll go crazy. So [music] here I am doing my hair So [music] here I am doing my hair So [music] here I am doing my hair and I've realized as I'm doing my hair and I've realized as I'm doing my hair and I've realized as I'm doing my hair how much hair is going to get stuck in my hair how much hair is going to get stuck in my hair how much hair is going to get stuck in my hair [music] and yet I'm satisfied [music] and yet I'm satisfied [music] and yet I'm satisfied because what do I do.  I've because what do I do.  I've because what do I do.  I've tried a lot of [music] and tried a lot of [music] and tried a lot of [music] and look at my happiness level.  [laughs] I'm look at my happiness level.  [laughs] I'm look at my happiness level.  [laughs] I'm happy, man.  [MUSIC] Now I've got happy, man.  [MUSIC] Now I've got happy, man.  [MUSIC] Now I've got some eyeliner on to match my suit.  I do some eyeliner on to match my suit.  I do some eyeliner on to match my suit.  I do n't know, it won't be visible n't know, it won't be visible n't know, it won't be visible that well in this.  And then I put on kajal that well in this.  And then I put on kajal that well in this.  And then I put on kajal and then I'll put on my normal and then I'll put on my normal and then I'll put on my normal lipstick [music] lipstick [music] lipstick [music] which also matches this suit. which also matches this suit. which also matches this suit. After applying kajal, I have tried to make After applying kajal, I have tried to make After applying kajal, I have tried to make everything visible here.  Look closely, but you ca everything visible here.  Look closely, but you ca everything visible here.  Look closely, but you ca n't see that much up close [music].  What am I doing n't see that much up close [music].  What am I doing n't see that much up close [music].  What am I doing ?  I don't like that much heavy makeup. ?  I don't like that much heavy makeup. ?  I don't like that much heavy makeup. Only normal makeup comes [music]. Only normal makeup comes [music]. Only normal makeup comes [music]. And this is my lipstick. And this is my lipstick. And this is my lipstick. It's in a slightly nude shade [MUSIC].  So it will It's in a slightly nude shade [MUSIC].  So it will It's in a slightly nude shade [MUSIC].  So it will go perfect with the suit. go perfect with the suit. go perfect with the suit. I don't know how to do makeup that well. I don't know how to do makeup that well. I don't know how to do makeup that well. But I do this on normal days. But I do this on normal days. But I do this on normal days. Well then. Well then. Well then. Feeling good, right?  [laughs] After this I am wearing the jewellery that I wear on my normal days.  I After this I am wearing the jewellery that I wear on my normal days.  I After this I am wearing the jewellery that I wear on my normal days.  I mean, what kind of mean, what kind of mean, what kind of jewellery will I wear?  These are jewellery will I wear?  These are jewellery will I wear?  These are my gold earrings.  I just have to my gold earrings.  I just have to my gold earrings.  I just have to put it in.  It actually goes with every dress.  Be it a put it in.  It actually goes with every dress.  Be it a put it in.  It actually goes with every dress.  Be it a suit, western, saree or suit, western, saree or suit, western, saree or Indian, whatever you wear, it goes with everything. Indian, whatever you wear, it goes with everything. Indian, whatever you wear, it goes with everything. See.  So I personally See.  So I personally See.  So I personally like these earrings very much.  Whenever I do like these earrings very much.  Whenever I do like these earrings very much.  Whenever I do n't know what to wear n't know what to wear n't know what to wear with this dress, I prefer this one. with this dress, I prefer this one. with this dress, I prefer this one. And it turns out to be a very good match. And it turns out to be a very good match. And it turns out to be a very good match. And after I do all these things, I will And after I do all these things, I will And after I do all these things, I will just take my dupatta and I just take my dupatta and I just take my dupatta and I am almost ready.  Am I almost ready? am almost ready.  Am I almost ready? am almost ready.  Am I almost ready? Now I will just wait for my husband.   I have done Now I will just wait for my husband.   I have done Now I will just wait for my husband.   I have done my makeup. my makeup. my makeup. I have done the normal makeup. I have done the normal makeup. I have done the normal makeup. And I have taken gold earrings etc., whatever And I have taken gold earrings etc., whatever And I have taken gold earrings etc., whatever I normally use in normal dresses, that is, I normally use in normal dresses, that is, I normally use in normal dresses, that is, from jewellery to everything, from jewellery to everything, from jewellery to everything, I have taken all those minimal things.  And this is I have taken all those minimal things.  And this is I have taken all those minimal things.  And this is her scarf. Look how beautiful it looks Look how beautiful it looks Look how beautiful it looks and it's not even visible.  Meaning he is and it's not even visible.  Meaning he is and it's not even visible.  Meaning he is not even able to come.  My camera isn't that good [MUSIC]. not even able to come.  My camera isn't that good [MUSIC]. not even able to come.  My camera isn't that good [MUSIC]. So it doesn't look as good as So it doesn't look as good as So it doesn't look as good as this suit looks beautiful. this suit looks beautiful. this suit looks beautiful. And I am And I am And I am looking good too.   I looking good too.   I looking good too.   I praise myself.  What should I do? praise myself.  What should I do? praise myself.  What should I do? No one is going to do it.  If I think that No one is going to do it.  If I think that No one is going to do it.  If I think that I am so well prepared and someone will I am so well prepared and someone will I am so well prepared and someone will look at me.  Wow, you look so beautiful.  If look at me.  Wow, you look so beautiful.  If look at me.  Wow, you look so beautiful.  If you say this then this does not happen in my life.  So you say this then this does not happen in my life.  So you say this then this does not happen in my life.  So I just get ready for myself.  By getting I just get ready for myself.  By getting I just get ready for myself.  By getting ready and flaunting myself, I ready and flaunting myself, I ready and flaunting myself, I compliment myself compliment myself compliment myself and also become happy.  I will go out and eat something nice. and also become happy.  I will go out and eat something nice. and also become happy.  I will go out and eat something nice. My day will be made.   He has My day will be made.   He has My day will be made.   He has n't come yet, friend.  Once this lift off happens, it becomes n't come yet, friend.  Once this lift off happens, it becomes n't come yet, friend.  Once this lift off happens, it becomes very difficult. very difficult. very difficult. that's beside the point.  There is no house very high up.  There that's beside the point.  There is no house very high up.  There that's beside the point.  There is no house very high up.  There is one floor.  We also use the lift for the first floor.   It is one floor.  We also use the lift for the first floor.   It is very dark here. is very dark here. is very dark here. No matter how quickly I get ready. No matter how quickly I get ready. No matter how quickly I get ready. But something or the other remains and for some But something or the other remains and for some But something or the other remains and for some reason or the other I get late.  So reason or the other I get late.  So reason or the other I get late.  So I had to leave a little while ago, I'm late, I had to leave a little while ago, I'm late, I had to leave a little while ago, I'm late, like every time [music]. like every time [music]. like every time [music]. But yes, where I am going, I don't But yes, where I am going, I don't But yes, where I am going, I don't know whether I will be able to record there know whether I will be able to record there know whether I will be able to record there or not.  But yes, I will or not.  But yes, I will or not.  But yes, I will try to record something.  But let's see try to record something.  But let's see try to record something.  But let's see and you guys must tell me how I am looking. and you guys must tell me how I am looking. Oh God, Oh God, Oh God, what should I tell you guys?  I was leaving. what should I tell you guys?  I was leaving. what should I tell you guys?  I was leaving. I thought I would keep this surprise video of I thought I would keep this surprise video of I thought I would keep this surprise video of where I was going.  I didn't where I was going.  I didn't where I was going.  I didn't tell you earlier.  And when I went there, I reached the tell you earlier.  And when I went there, I reached the tell you earlier.  And when I went there, I reached the place I had to go.  Actually, there place I had to go.  Actually, there place I had to go.  Actually, there was an inauguration of a shop, so I thought I would was an inauguration of a shop, so I thought I would was an inauguration of a shop, so I thought I would go there, make a good video and upload it.  It is go there, make a good video and upload it.  It is go there, make a good video and upload it.  It is raining so much, it is raining so much raining so much, it is raining so much raining so much, it is raining so much and I personally felt very bad and I personally felt very bad and I personally felt very bad because of the rain today even though I like rain. because of the rain today even though I like rain. because of the rain today even though I like rain. Today, at his inauguration, he has actually opened a shop.  He is Today, at his inauguration, he has actually opened a shop.  He is Today, at his inauguration, he has actually opened a shop.  He is our colleague. our colleague. our colleague. He has opened a shop and there He has opened a shop and there He has opened a shop and there was an inauguration in his shop today and he had was an inauguration in his shop today and he had was an inauguration in his shop today and he had invited everyone.  So I thought okay invited everyone.  So I thought okay invited everyone.  So I thought okay we will also go there and we will also go there and we will also go there and make a lot of videos.  It is a shop of kurta suits make a lot of videos.  It is a shop of kurta suits make a lot of videos.  It is a shop of kurta suits and also keeps girls' essential items and and also keeps girls' essential items and and also keeps girls' essential items and some other things.  So he had some other things.  So he had some other things.  So he had kept the inauguration of his shop today.  I went there thinking kept the inauguration of his shop today.  I went there thinking kept the inauguration of his shop today.  I went there thinking that I would go there and that I would go there and that I would go there and make some really good videos.  I will buy something from there and make some really good videos.  I will buy something from there and make some really good videos.  I will buy something from there and a surprise video will also be made.  I a surprise video will also be made.  I a surprise video will also be made.  I will tell my audience after some time will tell my audience after some time will tell my audience after some time where I have come?  There are so many suits, where I have come?  There are so many suits, where I have come?  There are so many suits, kurtas, I went to the set and kurtas, I went to the set and kurtas, I went to the set and after I went there, it rained so much, it rained so heavily after I went there, it rained so much, it rained so heavily after I went there, it rained so much, it rained so heavily that people did not even come there.  And that people did not even come there.  And that people did not even come there.  And during his inauguration, he had made a lot of during his inauguration, he had made a lot of during his inauguration, he had made a lot of good arrangements so that people would come. good arrangements so that people would come. good arrangements so that people would come. First they were getting cold drinks served. First they were getting cold drinks served. First they were getting cold drinks served. Then there were many things to eat and drink. Then there were many things to eat and drink. Then there were many things to eat and drink. But the people, mainly those whom he had kept as guests in his shop, could But the people, mainly those whom he had kept as guests in his shop, could not come in such heavy rain and not come in such heavy rain and not come in such heavy rain and he sent someone else, so the whole atmosphere, I he sent someone else, so the whole atmosphere, I he sent someone else, so the whole atmosphere, I mean what he had thought, could not happen mean what he had thought, could not happen mean what he had thought, could not happen and everything, I mean, seemed useless. and everything, I mean, seemed useless. and everything, I mean, seemed useless. I went there, I mean there were only two-four people, I was not I went there, I mean there were only two-four people, I was not I went there, I mean there were only two-four people, I was not feeling good at all, feeling good at all, feeling good at all, I personally was not feeling good I personally was not feeling good I personally was not feeling good because I know those people and because I know those people and because I know those people and they must have thought a lot that today would be a they must have thought a lot that today would be a they must have thought a lot that today would be a very good day for them.  But very good day for them.  But very good day for them.  But due to rain people also did not come.   Even those whom due to rain people also did not come.   Even those whom due to rain people also did not come.   Even those whom he had specially invited could he had specially invited could he had specially invited could not come.  I was feeling very bad, friend. not come.  I was feeling very bad, friend. not come.  I was feeling very bad, friend. Then I thought that I should Then I thought that I should Then I thought that I should start making videos in such situations. start making videos in such situations. start making videos in such situations. These people will say, friend, why have you brought him These people will say, friend, why have you brought him These people will say, friend, why have you brought him ?  I thought I wouldn't ?  I thought I wouldn't ?  I thought I wouldn't make a video.  I mean, I bought make a video.  I mean, I bought make a video.  I mean, I bought some stuff from there but I did some stuff from there but I did some stuff from there but I did n't hype it that much.  His mood was n't hype it that much.  His mood was n't hype it that much.  His mood was already bad.  Still I already bad.  Still I already bad.  Still I tried to chill with them a bit but tried to chill with them a bit but tried to chill with them a bit but I could not make a video because it was raining I could not make a video because it was raining I could not make a video because it was raining very heavily very heavily very heavily and then I thought okay let's go and then I thought okay let's go and then I thought okay let's go home now.  Then I home now.  Then I home now.  Then I bought whatever I wanted from them and came back. bought whatever I wanted from them and came back. Then my mood got spoiled.  It got spoiled Then my mood got spoiled.  It got spoiled Then my mood got spoiled.  It got spoiled because I had planned a lot of things. because I had planned a lot of things. because I had planned a lot of things. I will make such videos. I will make such videos. I will make such videos. How I look in my own suit.  Suit How I look in my own suit.  Suit How I look in my own suit.  Suit means I will make such a video, it could not be done. means I will make such a video, it could not be done. means I will make such a video, it could not be done. But still, when I came home, I was happy. But still, when I came home, I was happy. But still, when I came home, I was happy. How will you ask?  Because the parcel How will you ask?  Because the parcel How will you ask?  Because the parcel wala bhaiya was standing there wala bhaiya was standing there wala bhaiya was standing there [laughs].   The [laughs].   The [laughs].   The parcel guy was standing there.  He was waiting for me only and parcel guy was standing there.  He was waiting for me only and parcel guy was standing there.  He was waiting for me only and as I came upstairs I saw the parcel as I came upstairs I saw the parcel as I came upstairs I saw the parcel guy there and I became happy.  My guy there and I became happy.  My guy there and I became happy.  My mood becomes good just by seeing the parcel wala bhaiya. mood becomes good just by seeing the parcel wala bhaiya. mood becomes good just by seeing the parcel wala bhaiya. So my mood got better.  So So my mood got better.  So So my mood got better.  So I thought, okay, then I thought, I thought, okay, then I thought, I thought, okay, then I thought, what a video, I will make it. what a video, I will make it. what a video, I will make it. Then I thought why not unbox one of the things I have Then I thought why not unbox one of the things I have Then I thought why not unbox one of the things I have ordered in front of you all. ordered in front of you all. ordered in front of you all. So So So ton ton ton ton ton ton today I mean the today I mean the today I mean the saree has not arrived yet.  I have saree has not arrived yet.  I have saree has not arrived yet.  I have ordered some sarees for Sawan and some stitched ordered some sarees for Sawan and some stitched ordered some sarees for Sawan and some stitched blouses.  Wow for making me happy.  Thank you.  No one can make me making me happy.  Thank you.  No one can make me making me happy.  Thank you.  No one can make me happy.  But yes, the parcel guy happy.  But yes, the parcel guy happy.  But yes, the parcel guy brother does it. brother does it. brother does it. This lehenga blouse doesn't look good [sound of clearing throat]. This lehenga blouse doesn't look good [sound of clearing throat]. This lehenga blouse doesn't look good [sound of clearing throat]. You people are thinking that it You people are thinking that it You people are thinking that it means it is a lehenga blouse, kind of so means it is a lehenga blouse, kind of so means it is a lehenga blouse, kind of so stitched blouse, I mean does it come like this, this is stitched blouse, I mean does it come like this, this is stitched blouse, I mean does it come like this, this is my first purchase, I have never my first purchase, I have never my first purchase, I have never ordered one before but the one I have ordered now and it is ordered one before but the one I have ordered now and it is ordered one before but the one I have ordered now and it is fitting exactly as it looks, fitting exactly as it looks, fitting exactly as it looks, I I I like it a lot, its fabric is also very good like it a lot, its fabric is also very good like it a lot, its fabric is also very good and this friend, you can wear this for lehenga also, and this friend, you can wear this for lehenga also, and this friend, you can wear this for lehenga also, I had thought that I had thought that I had thought that I would order something simple for the saree but you I would order something simple for the saree but you I would order something simple for the saree but you see its work see its work and and and why have I crossed my hands, it is why have I crossed my hands, it is why have I crossed my hands, it is worked at the back also, it gets such a beautiful stitch, does worked at the back also, it gets such a beautiful stitch, does worked at the back also, it gets such a beautiful stitch, does this also happen, this also happen, this also happen, I am happy, if you like it I am happy, if you like it I am happy, if you like it and you also think that I should wear a plain saree or something else and you also think that I should wear a plain saree or something else and you also think that I should wear a plain saree or something else with the saree and with the saree and with the saree and wear such a blouse on it, because you generally do not get the wear such a blouse on it, because you generally do not get the wear such a blouse on it, because you generally do not get the blouses that you give in sarees made like this blouses that you give in sarees made like this blouses that you give in sarees made like this because you think that because you think that because you think that then it will become difficult to wear it in the house of family or relatives or anyone, then it will become difficult to wear it in the house of family or relatives or anyone, then it will become difficult to wear it in the house of family or relatives or anyone, so so so you should keep some sarees same, get normal blouses you should keep some sarees same, get normal blouses you should keep some sarees same, get normal blouses made but then you can made but then you can made but then you can buy a style blouse like this  You can and I think this will go with buy a style blouse like this  You can and I think this will go with buy a style blouse like this  You can and I think this will go with many sarees, it will go with green saree, it will go with many sarees, it will go with green saree, it will go with many sarees, it will go with green saree, it will go with teal green saree, it will go with teal green saree, it will go with teal green saree, it will go with golden saree, it will go with black saree.  He will golden saree, it will go with black saree.  He will golden saree, it will go with black saree.  He will go in a lot of sarees, friend. go in a lot of sarees, friend. go in a lot of sarees, friend. And it's so beautiful.  So I will wear it and And it's so beautiful.  So I will wear it and And it's so beautiful.  So I will wear it and review it, now you can see it.  It has review it, now you can see it.  It has review it, now you can see it.  It has come out very very beautiful.  And what can I come out very very beautiful.  And what can I come out very very beautiful.  And what can I say about it.  Oh my god, say about it.  Oh my god, say about it.  Oh my god, this is so beautiful.  If you this is so beautiful.  If you this is so beautiful.  If you want to purchase it, I will want to purchase it, I will want to purchase it, I will put its link in the description.  You put its link in the description.  You put its link in the description.  You can purchase with your eyes closed.  Just check your size can purchase with your eyes closed.  Just check your size can purchase with your eyes closed.  Just check your size because I don't know if it will because I don't know if it will because I don't know if it will fit my size.  But fit my size.  But fit my size.  But material wise, work wise, color this is a wow wow material wise, work wise, color this is a wow wow material wise, work wise, color this is a wow wow product.  If you can buy it, do it.  If product.  If you can buy it, do it.  If product.  If you can buy it, do it.  If you guys have any suggestions, please give them also.  I will you guys have any suggestions, please give them also.  I will you guys have any suggestions, please give them also.  I will try to make a video based on your suggestions. try to make a video based on your suggestions. try to make a video based on your suggestions. Thank you so much.  Bye.