Hello everyone, I am Kritika
from Dhanbad [Music] Jharkhand and today I have to go
out for which I am late. So
I show you what I'm going to wear. First of all
I am going to show [music]
my kurta set which I will be
wearing right now.
This [music]
is my kurta set for today. The one
I'm going to wear today [MUSIC]. It's a
beautiful Kutta [music] set and
you guys tell me how I look in it.
[Music] Man,
this suit looks so beautiful. Look it's
really beautiful.
Now I can do anything with it [music].
It's going to look beautiful because this
suit is amazing. If you want this suit then
you will get the link in the description box.
So I quickly do some
makeup. Otherwise, if my husband comes
[music] and sees me again like that,
10 minutes late, he'll go crazy.
So [music] here I am doing my hair
and I've realized as I'm doing my hair
how much hair is going to get stuck in my hair
[music] and yet I'm satisfied
because what do I do. I've
tried a lot of [music] and
look at my happiness level. [laughs] I'm
happy, man. [MUSIC] Now I've got
some eyeliner on to match my suit. I do
n't know, it won't be visible
that well in this. And then I put on kajal
and then I'll put on my normal
lipstick [music]
which also matches this suit.
After applying kajal, I have tried to make
everything visible here. Look closely, but you ca
n't see that much up close [music]. What am I doing
? I don't like that much heavy makeup.
Only normal makeup comes [music].
And this is my lipstick.
It's in a slightly nude shade [MUSIC]. So it will
go perfect with the suit.
I don't know how to do makeup that well.
But I do this on normal days.
Well then.
Feeling good, right? [laughs]
After this I am wearing the jewellery that I wear on my normal days. I
mean, what kind of
jewellery will I wear? These are
my gold earrings. I just have to
put it in. It actually goes with every dress. Be it a
suit, western, saree or
Indian, whatever you wear, it goes with everything.
See. So I personally
like these earrings very much. Whenever I do
n't know what to wear
with this dress, I prefer this one.
And it turns out to be a very good match.
And after I do all these things, I will
just take my dupatta and I
am almost ready. Am I almost ready?
Now I will just wait for my husband. I have done
my makeup.
I have done the normal makeup.
And I have taken gold earrings etc., whatever
I normally use in normal dresses, that is,
from jewellery to everything,
I have taken all those minimal things. And this is
her scarf.
Look how beautiful it looks
and it's not even visible. Meaning he is
not even able to come. My camera isn't that good [MUSIC].
So it doesn't look as good as
this suit looks beautiful.
And I am
looking good too. I
praise myself. What should I do?
No one is going to do it. If I think that
I am so well prepared and someone will
look at me. Wow, you look so beautiful. If
you say this then this does not happen in my life. So
I just get ready for myself. By getting
ready and flaunting myself, I
compliment myself
and also become happy. I will go out and eat something nice.
My day will be made. He has
n't come yet, friend. Once this lift off happens, it becomes
very difficult.
that's beside the point. There is no house very high up. There
is one floor. We also use the lift for the first floor. It
is very dark here.
No matter how quickly I get ready.
But something or the other remains and for some
reason or the other I get late. So
I had to leave a little while ago, I'm late,
like every time [music].
But yes, where I am going, I don't
know whether I will be able to record there
or not. But yes, I will
try to record something. But let's see
and you guys must tell me how I am looking.
Oh God,
what should I tell you guys? I was leaving.
I thought I would keep this surprise video of
where I was going. I didn't
tell you earlier. And when I went there, I reached the
place I had to go. Actually, there
was an inauguration of a shop, so I thought I would
go there, make a good video and upload it. It is
raining so much, it is raining so much
and I personally felt very bad
because of the rain today even though I like rain.
Today, at his inauguration, he has actually opened a shop. He is
our colleague.
He has opened a shop and there
was an inauguration in his shop today and he had
invited everyone. So I thought okay
we will also go there and
make a lot of videos. It is a shop of kurta suits
and also keeps girls' essential items and
some other things. So he had
kept the inauguration of his shop today. I went there thinking
that I would go there and
make some really good videos. I will buy something from there and
a surprise video will also be made. I
will tell my audience after some time
where I have come? There are so many suits,
kurtas, I went to the set and
after I went there, it rained so much, it rained so heavily
that people did not even come there. And
during his inauguration, he had made a lot of
good arrangements so that people would come.
First they were getting cold drinks served.
Then there were many things to eat and drink.
But the people, mainly those whom he had kept as guests in his shop, could
not come in such heavy rain and
he sent someone else, so the whole atmosphere, I
mean what he had thought, could not happen
and everything, I mean, seemed useless.
I went there, I mean there were only two-four people, I was not
feeling good at all,
I personally was not feeling good
because I know those people and
they must have thought a lot that today would be a
very good day for them. But
due to rain people also did not come. Even those whom
he had specially invited could
not come. I was feeling very bad, friend.
Then I thought that I should
start making videos in such situations.
These people will say, friend, why have you brought him
? I thought I wouldn't
make a video. I mean, I bought
some stuff from there but I did
n't hype it that much. His mood was
already bad. Still I
tried to chill with them a bit but
I could not make a video because it was raining
very heavily
and then I thought okay let's go
home now. Then I
bought whatever I wanted from them and came back.
Then my mood got spoiled. It got spoiled
because I had planned a lot of things.
I will make such videos.
How I look in my own suit. Suit
means I will make such a video, it could not be done.
But still, when I came home, I was happy.
How will you ask? Because the parcel
wala bhaiya was standing there
[laughs]. The
parcel guy was standing there. He was waiting for me only and
as I came upstairs I saw the parcel
guy there and I became happy. My
mood becomes good just by seeing the parcel wala bhaiya.
So my mood got better. So
I thought, okay, then I thought,
what a video, I will make it.
Then I thought why not unbox one of the things I have
ordered in front of you all.
So
ton ton
today I mean the
saree has not arrived yet. I have
ordered some sarees for Sawan and some stitched
blouses. Wow for
making me happy. Thank you. No one can make me
happy. But yes, the parcel guy
brother does it.
This lehenga blouse doesn't look good [sound of clearing throat].
You people are thinking that it
means it is a lehenga blouse, kind of so
stitched blouse, I mean does it come like this, this is
my first purchase, I have never
ordered one before but the one I have ordered now and it is
fitting exactly as it looks,
I
like it a lot, its fabric is also very good
and this friend, you can wear this for lehenga also,
I had thought that
I would order something simple for the saree but you
see its work
and
why have I crossed my hands, it is
worked at the back also, it gets such a beautiful stitch, does
this also happen,
I am happy, if you like it
and you also think that I should wear a plain saree or something else
with the saree and
wear such a blouse on it, because you generally do not get the
blouses that you give in sarees made like this
because you think that
then it will become difficult to wear it in the house of family or relatives or anyone,
so
you should keep some sarees same, get normal blouses
made but then you can
buy a style blouse like this You can and I think this will go with
many sarees, it will go with green saree, it will go with
teal green saree, it will go with
golden saree, it will go with black saree. He will
go in a lot of sarees, friend.
And it's so beautiful. So I will wear it and
review it, now you can see it. It has
come out very very beautiful. And what can I
say about it. Oh my god,
this is so beautiful. If you
want to purchase it, I will
put its link in the description. You
can purchase with your eyes closed. Just check your size
because I don't know if it will
fit my size. But
material wise, work wise, color this is a wow wow
product. If you can buy it, do it. If
you guys have any suggestions, please give them also. I will
try to make a video based on your suggestions.
Thank you so much. Bye.
