This paper is not an ordinary paper. This paper is not an ordinary paper. This paper is not an ordinary paper. This form is made in every house.  Right now mom is going to the This form is made in every house.  Right now mom is going to the This form is made in every house.  Right now mom is going to the temple.  Will come after 10 to 15 minutes. temple.  Will come after 10 to 15 minutes. temple.  Will come after 10 to 15 minutes. Now both my brother and I will take advantage of this time.  If Now both my brother and I will take advantage of this time.  If Now both my brother and I will take advantage of this time.  If mom is there, she does mom is there, she does mom is there, she does n't let me play cricket in the courtyard.  Both my brother and I n't let me play cricket in the courtyard.  Both my brother and I n't let me play cricket in the courtyard.  Both my brother and I love playing cricket. love playing cricket. love playing cricket. Now we cannot take much risk.  Get busy Now we cannot take much risk.  Get busy Now we cannot take much risk.  Get busy with your work.  Finally mom has also come.  Could with your work.  Finally mom has also come.  Could with your work.  Finally mom has also come.  Could n't find anything.  Mummy is fasting. n't find anything.  Mummy is fasting. n't find anything.  Mummy is fasting. Khichdi has been made for us.  Brother Khichdi has been made for us.  Brother Khichdi has been made for us.  Brother sat down to study.  I take out the red Bullet sat down to study.  I take out the red Bullet sat down to study.  I take out the red Bullet and tie a bag in it because the and tie a bag in it because the and tie a bag in it because the household items will come.  And I don't know household items will come.  And I don't know household items will come.  And I don't know where mom went.  Was sitting at Tai's house.  I will bring where mom went.  Was sitting at Tai's house.  I will bring where mom went.  Was sitting at Tai's house.  I will bring them quickly. them quickly. them quickly. Set a chair for mom.  I made him sit because Set a chair for mom.  I made him sit because Set a chair for mom.  I made him sit because mother is the captain of the house. mother is the captain of the house. mother is the captain of the house. Everything is known about what goods are to be brought and what are not to be brought.  So Everything is known about what goods are to be brought and what are not to be brought.  So Everything is known about what goods are to be brought and what are not to be brought.  So I quickly made the form.  This paper is I quickly made the form.  This paper is I quickly made the form.  This paper is not ordinary.  It costs around ₹100.   Let's not ordinary.  It costs around ₹100.   Let's not ordinary.  It costs around ₹100.   Let's see today how much today's paper will cost. see today how much today's paper will cost. see today how much today's paper will cost. I quickly collected my luggage I quickly collected my luggage I quickly collected my luggage as it was raining. as it was raining. as it was raining. came home.  Mother and brother were also busy working quickly. came home.  Mother and brother were also busy working quickly. came home.  Mother and brother were also busy working quickly. Today's ticket is worth Today's ticket is worth Today's ticket is worth ₹1000.   The ₹1000.   The ₹1000.   The rain makes mom a little upset rain makes mom a little upset rain makes mom a little upset because she is unable to do any work outside. because she is unable to do any work outside. because she is unable to do any work outside.