Chave [music]
Come on everyone say Ram Ram, didn't you say Ram Ram today,
Jai Shri Ram, you
said I brought a gift for her, so
come to give my gift, brother, sit, sit, I have come from
shopping, and Kesh ji will
show you what all did Kesh ji shop for,
show me
food, will you eat one roti extra,
no, I did not understand,
hello friends, how are you all, welcome to another
new explosive vlog, so brother,
today's process has started, our Shashi is
massaging the baby today
because the masseuse has not come today, so
Jai Shri Ram, guys, how are you all, please
tell us all about our blog today in advance by commenting, whether I read the comments or
not, our mother definitely reads each and every
one of your comments, even if it gets late at
night, I will keep on working, if the butter starts
falling from my hand, I will
put it down then [laughs]
today our mother is
preparing Bheli because tomorrow our Babu will have Bheli,
what is Bheli, mother, at least tell
half the people, they may not know, it is
like a cat, I have to go right now to give the good news right now
Go to maternal grandfather's house and give the good news of the child
because earlier there were no letters etc. so
someone used to go and take jaggery saying
that something is going on at your house, the laundry is being washed, they would give the washing of this thing
but to us it means that the
grandson and granddaughter are equal, their maternal grandparents are also
saying the same thing that bring the sweet, bring it brother, so
what if it is a girl, if it is a brother then boy and
girl are equal these days, hence bring the sweet to our house.
So we said, if you are so happy then
we will definitely bring it. We are also very
happy. No one believes me, son. I ca
n't bring it. [laughs]
No guys, I do have faith but it is the first time, so just once,
first time, oh
how, first time? [laughs] brother, I have also kept it moving forward.
My sister has also not taken it forward. This is the
first time from my side, right?
Meaning you can say that this is the
first time you have seen him crying. Can't say it's the
first time.
Enjoy it, if someone says something about his mother.
Mother is like mother Katiya [laughs]
Munna is ready after bathing and he looks like a
prisoner [laughs]
108
such a feeling came suddenly, see he is
dressed like a prisoner [laughs] it is not white or black,
thankfully he looks like a perfect prisoner
come on say Ram Ram to everyone, you did not say Ram Ram today,
Jai Shree Ram Hanuman has
woken up,
Jai Shree Ram
Mummy will now show her miracle, she knows how to
tie up Sasi better than me because she
sits near aunty, should I feed her, should I feed her, she will fall
asleep on her own as soon as I tie her up, she does not need to,
in just 5 minutes, she does not need to even feed Milku,
this mother queen fell asleep as soon as she was
made, she is my child,
now she is feeling as if I
am in her mother's stomach,
this is the problem, this is the problem, this is the problem,
I am troubled by this,
I will keep feeding her,
I will not eat her.
Feed me brother. You will have to eat this. If she doesn't
eat this then what else will she eat and tell me that.
I will not eat this and will eat mango.
[nasal sound] I do
n't eat so many mangoes. There will be rounds.
[laughter] Should I
cut this out?
No, I will not eat the apple either.
Guys and eat me. [laughter]
Now I can't even call this a dialogue. Get
absorbed in our language. [laughter]
Why can't I say? I even said it. They are saying I ca
n't even say it [laughs].
Brother, we are comedians. Maya memes stay in the mind
and are remembered. Whenever any situation arises,
we use the same meme at home.
Then
Rama ji
Ram Ram brother.
Tell me there also.
Yes, Jai Shri Ram all brothers.
Jai Shri Ram brother. Take care of your boat. Look guys,
I have also taken a bath.
Jai Shri Ram brother. Whenever I
bring this camera in front of my mother, she always says
Jai Shri Ram. Tell me what were you saying
?
What were you saying?
I was saying new. Yes, I will
go to get my pension [laughter]. Will
you go to collect your pension?
Yes. Okay yes.
And won't these people say, then grandmother is buying so much land and
property and still you take pension?
Yes, I take it.
Why do you take it then? This is not a good thing.
Brother Dharam, please call me.
Well, after taking pension,
our mother calls me. That's why she gives pension
so guys Murari bhaiya has come bhaiya today after many
days you have come
Jai Shri Ram look you saw
Gudiya your Gudiya
Honesh has come he
gifted you a doll he showed you
why why did
your turn go down
why did my turn go down brother I am
so old I am getting a gift 27 years now
I am not getting a gift it's a good thing to bring a gift
but why cut a leaf my
son has brought a gift [laughs] cut a leaf by the way no
water [laughs] he is just
coming he said I have
brought a gift for him so come and give me my gift
bhaiya sit sit sit yes eat a watermelon for
you
first cut a watermelon oh
look [laughter] it's
so cute bhaiya it's the same thing he
also had girlish hobbies so now he will
fulfil his hobbies here
very [laughter] he's
very cute bhaiya [laughter]
look there are shoes too with this
and this hair band
wow bhaiya he will bring it
like this then you bring the stuff
look from a distance you will come Murari has come Murari
Murari,
after one and a half years I would have
loved him [Laughter] I ate
chapati with coconut water [Laughter] It was
all my own selfishness [Laughter]
Now I don't have time guys and I do
n't have to make it right now otherwise I would have
made so many such dresses, now let's
talk about food and drink, brother I will drink tea,
yes I will drink juice, brother just give me juice,
brother if it is such a dress then juice is available
Our mother and I will go to our maternal home with the behli
and our Simmi left the day before yesterday, so now it seems that if we had done it a
little earlier then it would have been
fine, then mother would have taken care of the house
and I can go to the market
because we don't have anyone else who can
go to the market and our mother goes to the
market very rarely.
And brother Shashi and I have brought this
from the market. Rakesh ji, can you tell me this? It
opened, it opened, it opened. This mommy is
sharing her happiness that she has a granddaughter. That's
why mom is distributing this tiffin. She is
distributing tiffin at my maternal grandfather's side, that is, my mother's side. Whether mommy
applies it or I apply it. We have to live in the same
house. We are distributing. So
I have brought this to distribute. I have brought a total of
50-60. As many as there are ladies,
so many will be divided. The rest will be seen later.
This became useful. I have brought this one.
My father goes to office, so he will
take this with him. She
will share this with Papa.
Yes, I will share this with my father. [laughs]
Well, the design inside it.
She will remember. I had brought
my Samadan. [laughter]
And even if I go to the deli, I will remember it. I had brought my
Samadan.
And I will eat one extra roti. [laughter]
I had Samadan bring it.
Yes. So I brought this bottle with me so
that Papa ji
can drink lassi in it and without lassi we do
n't eat food this is for chutney pickle
this is for chutney salad this is for vegetable and this is for
roti the vegetable bottle is a little smaller and the roti
bottle is a little bigger and this is seven
bottles for lassi lassi or milk whoever
drinks anything and this one full spoon will be made for the mother in law we will
cook so much food and pack it and don't abuse me
my mother is very fond of cooking guys
my mother's hobby is that
whatever food I cook my children should
eat it well and our hobby was that we will
not eat anything else we are happy eating just simple roti guys please
tell me if you like [sound of clearing throat]
and brother it didn't stop here we went to buy goods
and Bauji is not showing that [laughter]
Babuji is not showing that,
show this in this the real one [laughter] I
brought this in this mummy just lady lady
go shopping for Kishore
mummy should not bring anything for me and nothing for herself It ca
n't be possible brother, you did
n't bring anything for me baby,
mummy brought this for me, you brought it for him when he was about to be born
and I have not brought this for me,
I am not bringing this for the baby,
oh mummy, the baby has to be fed,
so this is it,
mummy, this is not for me,
now this is so long that I have to lift it from below, so
mummy, I have brought a small one, won't you
hold it here,
mummy, I have brought it for the baby's mother, are you
looking at my smartness, no problem, no
problem, I have brought
this kurti, mummy, it is me,
mummy is saying that I look like Soni,
this shopkeeper has brought it special,
mummy is bringing it for me,
he was waiting for me when didi will come
after the delivery [laughs]
look mummy, I have brought this one, I don't like this otherwise,
mummy, I have brought only this one by
coding it, so that the baby can
play with me, can drink milk together,
mummy, I have brought this one, the
shopkeeper likes this one more, while giving it to me he was
also saying that brother,
I like this very much I
like it very much, let my sheen touch my feet [laughs]
take it, it
flew away from the cage and is doing so much shopping,
no mom, rather the
shopkeeper in front of the one from where Apa had bought the utensils,
called me and took it to him and said madam ji please
come once, then I bought the nani pulleys. That's why
I didn't do it. I said, Mom,
Mom will get angry and we will be late.
Yes, that was not the shop for him. That was some other
work shop. [laughter] It was
n't my thing. I would have taken the
lehenga brother. I had to go
to work. I was
not going to wear a lehenga on it. Have to go next time. Let me
take you to that shop. I have just
come after shopping. And Kesh ji
will show you. Kesh ji, what did you
come shopping for? Bring it and show it to me, Kesh ji. Tan
Tan brother, I have brought this. Because brother, the
responsibility of cleaning the house is now mine
because Shashi cannot work anymore. Now
they have come to know
what things are needed in household.
And I have brought this magic box to
clean the toilet. [laughter]
Because the baby is pooping a lot.
And this brother to wash his toilet utensils.
Now he's finally a dad. Now the
entire responsibility has come upon them.
Applause for a father. I am
at your service, sir. I am present
sir. Do it, do it, we
are ready to clean it [laughs]
Cleanliness should be taken care of until you are
satisfied brother, if you feel that it is
dirty and it will not get cleaned now then you should
clean it, why would your own child rub it, friend, will he
remain healthy, then why would you have to run to the doctor
unnecessarily, well
what is the shame in doing household work
and brother, my mother has taught me this since childhood that
brother, so what if you are a gentleman, you should help
in household work
because when mother used to go to grandmother's house,
I used to go rarely after growing up, I
went there a lot in my childhood, so I used to mop the house, I used to
wake up at 6:00 brother and by 6:30
all the household work would be done. The people of the street
also see that today Keshav is
sweeping. Well, mom has gone, right? I
said yes, grandmother has gone home. I said well
[laughs] okay.
Ever since the baby has come to our house, ever since
she wakes up early in the morning and cries,
our father also tells mother to
keep her. I will do the rest myself.
So our father also does everything like cooking vegetables.
We also have an elderly mother at home.
So they should also eat early from time to time.
And one child has placed both grandfather and father
and has placed both mother and grandmother
comfortably.
So guys, how did you all like the vlog,
please do let us know by commenting. See you in the next vlog, till then
Jai Shri Krishna
[music] [song voice]
