Chave [music] Chave [music] Chave [music] Come on everyone say Ram Ram, didn't you say Ram Ram today, Come on everyone say Ram Ram, didn't you say Ram Ram today, Jai Shri Ram, you Jai Shri Ram, you Jai Shri Ram, you said I brought a gift for her, so said I brought a gift for her, so said I brought a gift for her, so come to give my gift, brother, sit, sit, I have come from come to give my gift, brother, sit, sit, I have come from come to give my gift, brother, sit, sit, I have come from shopping, and Kesh ji will shopping, and Kesh ji will shopping, and Kesh ji will show you what all did Kesh ji shop for, show you what all did Kesh ji shop for, show you what all did Kesh ji shop for, show me show me show me food, will you eat one roti extra, food, will you eat one roti extra, food, will you eat one roti extra, no, I did not understand, no, I did not understand, no, I did not understand, hello friends, how are you all, welcome to another hello friends, how are you all, welcome to another hello friends, how are you all, welcome to another new explosive vlog, so brother, new explosive vlog, so brother, new explosive vlog, so brother, today's process has started, our Shashi is today's process has started, our Shashi is today's process has started, our Shashi is massaging the baby today massaging the baby today massaging the baby today because the masseuse has not come today, so because the masseuse has not come today, so because the masseuse has not come today, so Jai Shri Ram, guys, how are you all, please Jai Shri Ram, guys, how are you all, please tell us all about our blog today in advance by commenting, whether I read the comments or tell us all about our blog today in advance by commenting, whether I read the comments or tell us all about our blog today in advance by commenting, whether I read the comments or not, our mother definitely reads each and every not, our mother definitely reads each and every not, our mother definitely reads each and every one of your comments, even if it gets late at one of your comments, even if it gets late at one of your comments, even if it gets late at night, I will keep on working, if the butter starts night, I will keep on working, if the butter starts night, I will keep on working, if the butter starts falling from my hand, I will falling from my hand, I will falling from my hand, I will put it down then [laughs] put it down then [laughs] put it down then [laughs] today our mother is today our mother is today our mother is preparing Bheli because tomorrow our Babu will have Bheli, preparing Bheli because tomorrow our Babu will have Bheli, preparing Bheli because tomorrow our Babu will have Bheli, what is Bheli, mother, at least tell what is Bheli, mother, at least tell what is Bheli, mother, at least tell half the people, they may not know, it is half the people, they may not know, it is half the people, they may not know, it is like a cat, I have to go right now to give the good news right now like a cat, I have to go right now to give the good news right now Go to maternal grandfather's house and give the good news of the child Go to maternal grandfather's house and give the good news of the child Go to maternal grandfather's house and give the good news of the child because earlier there were no letters etc. so because earlier there were no letters etc. so because earlier there were no letters etc. so someone used to go and take jaggery saying someone used to go and take jaggery saying someone used to go and take jaggery saying that something is going on at your house, the laundry is being washed, they would give the washing of this thing that something is going on at your house, the laundry is being washed, they would give the washing of this thing that something is going on at your house, the laundry is being washed, they would give the washing of this thing but to us it means that the but to us it means that the but to us it means that the grandson and granddaughter are equal, their maternal grandparents are also grandson and granddaughter are equal, their maternal grandparents are also grandson and granddaughter are equal, their maternal grandparents are also saying the same thing that bring the sweet, bring it brother, so saying the same thing that bring the sweet, bring it brother, so saying the same thing that bring the sweet, bring it brother, so what if it is a girl, if it is a brother then boy and what if it is a girl, if it is a brother then boy and what if it is a girl, if it is a brother then boy and girl are equal these days, hence bring the sweet to our house. girl are equal these days, hence bring the sweet to our house. girl are equal these days, hence bring the sweet to our house. So we said, if you are so happy then So we said, if you are so happy then So we said, if you are so happy then we will definitely bring it.  We are also very we will definitely bring it.  We are also very we will definitely bring it.  We are also very happy.  No one believes me, son.  I ca happy.  No one believes me, son.  I ca happy.  No one believes me, son.  I ca n't bring it.  [laughs] n't bring it.  [laughs] n't bring it.  [laughs] No guys, I do have faith but it is the first time, so just once, No guys, I do have faith but it is the first time, so just once, first time, oh first time, oh first time, oh how, first time? [laughs] brother, I have also kept it moving forward. how, first time? [laughs] brother, I have also kept it moving forward. how, first time? [laughs] brother, I have also kept it moving forward. My sister has also not taken it forward.   This is the My sister has also not taken it forward.   This is the first time from my side, right? first time from my side, right? first time from my side, right? Meaning you can say that this is the Meaning you can say that this is the Meaning you can say that this is the first time you have seen him crying.  Can't say it's the first time you have seen him crying.  Can't say it's the first time you have seen him crying.  Can't say it's the first time. first time. first time. Enjoy it, if someone says something about his mother. Enjoy it, if someone says something about his mother. Enjoy it, if someone says something about his mother. Mother is like mother Katiya [laughs] Mother is like mother Katiya [laughs] Mother is like mother Katiya [laughs] Munna is ready after bathing and he looks like a Munna is ready after bathing and he looks like a Munna is ready after bathing and he looks like a prisoner [laughs] such a feeling came suddenly, see he is such a feeling came suddenly, see he is such a feeling came suddenly, see he is dressed like a prisoner [laughs] it is not white or black, dressed like a prisoner [laughs] it is not white or black, dressed like a prisoner [laughs] it is not white or black, thankfully he looks like a perfect prisoner thankfully he looks like a perfect prisoner thankfully he looks like a perfect prisoner come on say Ram Ram to everyone, you did not say Ram Ram today, come on say Ram Ram to everyone, you did not say Ram Ram today, Jai Shree Ram Hanuman has Jai Shree Ram Hanuman has Jai Shree Ram Hanuman has woken up, woken up, woken up, Jai Shree Ram Jai Shree Ram Jai Shree Ram Mummy will now show her miracle, she knows how to Mummy will now show her miracle, she knows how to Mummy will now show her miracle, she knows how to tie up Sasi better than me because she tie up Sasi better than me because she tie up Sasi better than me because she sits near aunty, should I feed her, should I feed her, she will fall sits near aunty, should I feed her, should I feed her, she will fall asleep on her own as soon as I tie her up, she does not need to, asleep on her own as soon as I tie her up, she does not need to, asleep on her own as soon as I tie her up, she does not need to, in just 5 minutes, she does not need to even feed Milku, in just 5 minutes, she does not need to even feed Milku, this mother queen fell asleep as soon as she was this mother queen fell asleep as soon as she was this mother queen fell asleep as soon as she was made, she is my child, made, she is my child, made, she is my child, now she is feeling as if I now she is feeling as if I now she is feeling as if I am in her mother's stomach, am in her mother's stomach, am in her mother's stomach, this is the problem, this is the problem, this is the problem, this is the problem, this is the problem, this is the problem, this is the problem, this is the problem, this is the problem, I am troubled by this, I am troubled by this, I am troubled by this, I will keep feeding her, I will keep feeding her, I will keep feeding her, I will not eat her. I will not eat her. I will not eat her. Feed me brother.  You will have to eat this.  If she doesn't Feed me brother.  You will have to eat this.  If she doesn't Feed me brother.  You will have to eat this.  If she doesn't eat this then what else will she eat and tell me that. eat this then what else will she eat and tell me that. eat this then what else will she eat and tell me that. I will not eat this and will eat mango. I will not eat this and will eat mango. I will not eat this and will eat mango. [nasal sound] I do [nasal sound] I do [nasal sound] I do n't eat so many mangoes.  There will be rounds. n't eat so many mangoes.  There will be rounds. n't eat so many mangoes.  There will be rounds. [laughter] Should I [laughter] Should I [laughter] Should I cut this out? cut this out? cut this out? No, I will not eat the apple either. No, I will not eat the apple either. No, I will not eat the apple either. Guys and eat me.  [laughter] Guys and eat me.  [laughter] Guys and eat me.  [laughter] Now I can't even call this a dialogue.  Get Now I can't even call this a dialogue.  Get Now I can't even call this a dialogue.  Get absorbed in our language.  [laughter] absorbed in our language.  [laughter] absorbed in our language.  [laughter] Why can't I say?  I even said it.  They are saying I ca Why can't I say?  I even said it.  They are saying I ca Why can't I say?  I even said it.  They are saying I ca n't even say it [laughs]. n't even say it [laughs]. n't even say it [laughs]. Brother, we are comedians.  Maya memes stay in the mind Brother, we are comedians.  Maya memes stay in the mind Brother, we are comedians.  Maya memes stay in the mind and are remembered.  Whenever any situation arises, and are remembered.  Whenever any situation arises, and are remembered.  Whenever any situation arises, we use the same meme at home. we use the same meme at home. we use the same meme at home. Then Then Then Rama ji Rama ji Rama ji Ram Ram brother. Ram Ram brother. Ram Ram brother. Tell me there also. Tell me there also. Tell me there also. Yes, Jai Shri Ram all brothers. Yes, Jai Shri Ram all brothers. Yes, Jai Shri Ram all brothers. Jai Shri Ram brother.  Take care of your boat.  Look guys, Jai Shri Ram brother.  Take care of your boat.  Look guys, Jai Shri Ram brother.  Take care of your boat.  Look guys, I have also taken a bath. I have also taken a bath. I have also taken a bath. Jai Shri Ram brother. Jai Shri Ram brother. Jai Shri Ram brother. Jai Shri Ram brother.  Whenever I Jai Shri Ram brother.  Whenever I Jai Shri Ram brother.  Whenever I bring this camera in front of my mother, she always says bring this camera in front of my mother, she always says bring this camera in front of my mother, she always says Jai Shri Ram.  Tell me what were you saying Jai Shri Ram.  Tell me what were you saying Jai Shri Ram.  Tell me what were you saying ? ? ? What were you saying? What were you saying? What were you saying? I was saying new.  Yes, I will I was saying new.  Yes, I will I was saying new.  Yes, I will go to get my pension [laughter].   Will go to get my pension [laughter].   Will go to get my pension [laughter].   Will you go to collect your pension? you go to collect your pension? you go to collect your pension? Yes.   Okay yes. Yes.   Okay yes. Yes.   Okay yes. And won't these people say, then grandmother is buying so much land and And won't these people say, then grandmother is buying so much land and And won't these people say, then grandmother is buying so much land and property and still you take pension? property and still you take pension? property and still you take pension? Yes, I take it. Yes, I take it. Yes, I take it. Why do you take it then?  This is not a good thing. Why do you take it then?  This is not a good thing. Why do you take it then?  This is not a good thing. Brother Dharam, please call me. Brother Dharam, please call me. Brother Dharam, please call me. Well, after taking pension, Well, after taking pension, Well, after taking pension, our mother calls me.  That's why she gives pension our mother calls me.  That's why she gives pension our mother calls me.  That's why she gives pension so guys Murari bhaiya has come bhaiya today after many so guys Murari bhaiya has come bhaiya today after many so guys Murari bhaiya has come bhaiya today after many days you have come days you have come days you have come Jai Shri Ram Jai Shri Ram Jai Shri Ram Jai Shri Ram look you saw Jai Shri Ram look you saw Gudiya your Gudiya Gudiya your Gudiya Gudiya your Gudiya Honesh has come he Honesh has come he Honesh has come he gifted you a doll he showed you gifted you a doll he showed you gifted you a doll he showed you why why did why why did why why did your turn go down your turn go down your turn go down why did my turn go down brother I am why did my turn go down brother I am why did my turn go down brother I am so old I am getting a gift 27 years now so old I am getting a gift 27 years now so old I am getting a gift 27 years now I am not getting a gift it's a good thing to bring a gift I am not getting a gift it's a good thing to bring a gift I am not getting a gift it's a good thing to bring a gift but why cut a leaf my but why cut a leaf my but why cut a leaf my son has brought a gift [laughs] cut a leaf by the way no son has brought a gift [laughs] cut a leaf by the way no water [laughs] he is just water [laughs] he is just water [laughs] he is just coming he said I have coming he said I have coming he said I have brought a gift for him so come and give me my gift brought a gift for him so come and give me my gift brought a gift for him so come and give me my gift bhaiya sit sit sit yes eat a watermelon for bhaiya sit sit sit yes eat a watermelon for bhaiya sit sit sit yes eat a watermelon for you you you first cut a watermelon oh first cut a watermelon oh first cut a watermelon oh look [laughter] it's look [laughter] it's look [laughter] it's so cute bhaiya it's the same thing he so cute bhaiya it's the same thing he so cute bhaiya it's the same thing he also had girlish hobbies so now he will also had girlish hobbies so now he will also had girlish hobbies so now he will fulfil his hobbies here fulfil his hobbies here fulfil his hobbies here very [laughter] he's very cute bhaiya [laughter] very cute bhaiya [laughter] very cute bhaiya [laughter] look there are shoes too with this look there are shoes too with this look there are shoes too with this and this hair band and this hair band and this hair band wow bhaiya he will bring it wow bhaiya he will bring it like this then you bring the stuff like this then you bring the stuff like this then you bring the stuff look from a distance you will come Murari has come Murari look from a distance you will come Murari has come Murari look from a distance you will come Murari has come Murari Murari, Murari, Murari, after one and a half years I would have after one and a half years I would have after one and a half years I would have loved him [Laughter] I ate chapati with coconut water [Laughter] It was all my own selfishness [Laughter] all my own selfishness [Laughter] all my own selfishness [Laughter] Now I don't have time guys and I do Now I don't have time guys and I do Now I don't have time guys and I do n't have to make it right now otherwise I would have n't have to make it right now otherwise I would have n't have to make it right now otherwise I would have made so many such dresses, now let's made so many such dresses, now let's made so many such dresses, now let's talk about food and drink, brother I will drink tea, talk about food and drink, brother I will drink tea, talk about food and drink, brother I will drink tea, yes I will drink juice, brother just give me juice, yes I will drink juice, brother just give me juice, brother if it is such a dress then juice is available brother if it is such a dress then juice is available brother if it is such a dress then juice is available Our mother and I will go to our maternal home with the behli Our mother and I will go to our maternal home with the behli Our mother and I will go to our maternal home with the behli and our Simmi left the day before yesterday, so now it seems that if we had done it a and our Simmi left the day before yesterday, so now it seems that if we had done it a and our Simmi left the day before yesterday, so now it seems that if we had done it a little earlier then it would have been little earlier then it would have been little earlier then it would have been fine, then mother would have taken care of the house fine, then mother would have taken care of the house fine, then mother would have taken care of the house and I can go to the market and I can go to the market and I can go to the market because we don't have anyone else who can because we don't have anyone else who can because we don't have anyone else who can go to the market and our mother goes to the go to the market and our mother goes to the go to the market and our mother goes to the market very rarely. market very rarely. market very rarely. And brother Shashi and I have brought this And brother Shashi and I have brought this And brother Shashi and I have brought this from the market.  Rakesh ji, can you tell me this?   It from the market.  Rakesh ji, can you tell me this?   It from the market.  Rakesh ji, can you tell me this?   It opened, it opened, it opened.  This mommy is opened, it opened, it opened.  This mommy is opened, it opened, it opened.  This mommy is sharing her happiness that she has a granddaughter.  That's sharing her happiness that she has a granddaughter.  That's sharing her happiness that she has a granddaughter.  That's why mom is distributing this tiffin.   She is why mom is distributing this tiffin.   She is distributing tiffin at my maternal grandfather's side, that is, my mother's side.  Whether mommy distributing tiffin at my maternal grandfather's side, that is, my mother's side.  Whether mommy distributing tiffin at my maternal grandfather's side, that is, my mother's side.  Whether mommy applies it or I apply it.  We have to live in the same applies it or I apply it.  We have to live in the same applies it or I apply it.  We have to live in the same house.  We are distributing.  So house.  We are distributing.  So house.  We are distributing.  So I have brought this to distribute.  I have brought a total of I have brought this to distribute.  I have brought a total of I have brought this to distribute.  I have brought a total of 50-60.  As many as there are ladies, 50-60.  As many as there are ladies, 50-60.  As many as there are ladies, so many will be divided.  The rest will be seen later. so many will be divided.  The rest will be seen later. so many will be divided.  The rest will be seen later. This became useful.  I have brought this one. This became useful.  I have brought this one. This became useful.  I have brought this one. My father goes to office, so he will My father goes to office, so he will My father goes to office, so he will take this with him.   She take this with him.   She take this with him.   She will share this with Papa. will share this with Papa. will share this with Papa. Yes, I will share this with my father.  [laughs] Yes, I will share this with my father.  [laughs] Yes, I will share this with my father.  [laughs] Well, the design inside it. Well, the design inside it. Well, the design inside it. She will remember.   I had brought She will remember.   I had brought She will remember.   I had brought my Samadan.  [laughter] my Samadan.  [laughter] my Samadan.  [laughter] And even if I go to the deli, I will remember it.  I had brought my And even if I go to the deli, I will remember it.  I had brought my And even if I go to the deli, I will remember it.  I had brought my Samadan. Samadan. Samadan. And I will eat one extra roti.  [laughter] And I will eat one extra roti.  [laughter] And I will eat one extra roti.  [laughter] I had Samadan bring it. I had Samadan bring it. I had Samadan bring it. Yes.  So I brought this bottle with me so Yes.  So I brought this bottle with me so Yes.  So I brought this bottle with me so that Papa ji that Papa ji that Papa ji can drink lassi in it and without lassi we do can drink lassi in it and without lassi we do can drink lassi in it and without lassi we do n't eat food this is for chutney pickle n't eat food this is for chutney pickle n't eat food this is for chutney pickle this is for chutney salad this is for vegetable and this is for this is for chutney salad this is for vegetable and this is for this is for chutney salad this is for vegetable and this is for roti the vegetable bottle is a little smaller and the roti roti the vegetable bottle is a little smaller and the roti roti the vegetable bottle is a little smaller and the roti bottle is a little bigger and this is seven bottle is a little bigger and this is seven bottle is a little bigger and this is seven bottles for lassi lassi or milk whoever bottles for lassi lassi or milk whoever bottles for lassi lassi or milk whoever drinks anything and this one full spoon will be made for the mother in law we will drinks anything and this one full spoon will be made for the mother in law we will cook so much food and pack it and don't abuse me cook so much food and pack it and don't abuse me cook so much food and pack it and don't abuse me my mother is very fond of cooking guys my mother is very fond of cooking guys my mother is very fond of cooking guys my mother's hobby is that my mother's hobby is that my mother's hobby is that whatever food I cook my children should whatever food I cook my children should whatever food I cook my children should eat it well and our hobby was that we will eat it well and our hobby was that we will eat it well and our hobby was that we will not eat anything else we are happy eating just simple roti guys please not eat anything else we are happy eating just simple roti guys please tell me if you like [sound of clearing throat] tell me if you like [sound of clearing throat] tell me if you like [sound of clearing throat] and brother it didn't stop here we went to buy goods and brother it didn't stop here we went to buy goods and brother it didn't stop here we went to buy goods and Bauji is not showing that [laughter] and Bauji is not showing that [laughter] and Bauji is not showing that [laughter] Babuji is not showing that, Babuji is not showing that, Babuji is not showing that, show this in this the real one [laughter] I show this in this the real one [laughter] I show this in this the real one [laughter] I brought this in this mummy just lady lady brought this in this mummy just lady lady brought this in this mummy just lady lady go shopping for Kishore go shopping for Kishore go shopping for Kishore mummy should not bring anything for me and nothing for herself  It ca mummy should not bring anything for me and nothing for herself  It ca mummy should not bring anything for me and nothing for herself  It ca n't be possible brother, you did n't be possible brother, you did n't be possible brother, you did n't bring anything for me baby, n't bring anything for me baby, mummy brought this for me, you brought it for him when he was about to be born mummy brought this for me, you brought it for him when he was about to be born mummy brought this for me, you brought it for him when he was about to be born and I have not brought this for me, and I have not brought this for me, I am not bringing this for the baby, I am not bringing this for the baby, I am not bringing this for the baby, oh mummy, the baby has to be fed, oh mummy, the baby has to be fed, oh mummy, the baby has to be fed, so this is it, so this is it, so this is it, mummy, this is not for me, mummy, this is not for me, mummy, this is not for me, now this is so long that I have to lift it from below, so now this is so long that I have to lift it from below, so now this is so long that I have to lift it from below, so mummy, I have brought a small one, won't you mummy, I have brought a small one, won't you mummy, I have brought a small one, won't you hold it here, hold it here, hold it here, mummy, I have brought it for the baby's mother, are you mummy, I have brought it for the baby's mother, are you mummy, I have brought it for the baby's mother, are you looking at my smartness, no problem, no looking at my smartness, no problem, no looking at my smartness, no problem, no problem, I have brought problem, I have brought problem, I have brought this kurti, mummy, it is me, this kurti, mummy, it is me, this kurti, mummy, it is me, mummy is saying that I look like Soni, mummy is saying that I look like Soni, mummy is saying that I look like Soni, this shopkeeper has brought it special, this shopkeeper has brought it special, this shopkeeper has brought it special, mummy is bringing it for me, mummy is bringing it for me, he was waiting for me when didi will come he was waiting for me when didi will come he was waiting for me when didi will come after the delivery [laughs] after the delivery [laughs] after the delivery [laughs] look mummy, I have brought this one, I don't like this otherwise, look mummy, I have brought this one, I don't like this otherwise, look mummy, I have brought this one, I don't like this otherwise, mummy, I have brought only this one by mummy, I have brought only this one by mummy, I have brought only this one by coding it, so that the baby can coding it, so that the baby can coding it, so that the baby can play with me, can drink milk together, play with me, can drink milk together, play with me, can drink milk together, mummy, I have brought this one, the mummy, I have brought this one, the mummy, I have brought this one, the shopkeeper likes this one more, while giving it to me he was shopkeeper likes this one more, while giving it to me he was shopkeeper likes this one more, while giving it to me he was also saying that brother, also saying that brother, also saying that brother, I like this very much  I I like this very much  I I like this very much  I like it very much, let my sheen touch my feet [laughs] like it very much, let my sheen touch my feet [laughs] like it very much, let my sheen touch my feet [laughs] take it, it flew away from the cage and is doing so much shopping, flew away from the cage and is doing so much shopping, no mom, rather the no mom, rather the no mom, rather the shopkeeper in front of the one from where Apa had bought the utensils, shopkeeper in front of the one from where Apa had bought the utensils, shopkeeper in front of the one from where Apa had bought the utensils, called me and took it to him and said madam ji please called me and took it to him and said madam ji please called me and took it to him and said madam ji please come once, then I bought the nani pulleys.   That's why come once, then I bought the nani pulleys.   That's why come once, then I bought the nani pulleys.   That's why I didn't do it.  I said, Mom, I didn't do it.  I said, Mom, I didn't do it.  I said, Mom, Mom will get angry and we will be late. Mom will get angry and we will be late. Mom will get angry and we will be late. Yes, that was not the shop for him.  That was some other Yes, that was not the shop for him.  That was some other Yes, that was not the shop for him.  That was some other work shop.  [laughter] It was work shop.  [laughter] It was work shop.  [laughter] It was n't my thing.   I would have taken the n't my thing.   I would have taken the n't my thing.   I would have taken the lehenga brother.   I had to go lehenga brother.   I had to go lehenga brother.   I had to go to work.   I was to work.   I was to work.   I was not going to wear a lehenga on it.  Have to go next time.  Let me not going to wear a lehenga on it.  Have to go next time.  Let me not going to wear a lehenga on it.  Have to go next time.  Let me take you to that shop.  I have just take you to that shop.  I have just take you to that shop.  I have just come after shopping.  And Kesh ji come after shopping.  And Kesh ji come after shopping.  And Kesh ji will show you.  Kesh ji, what did you will show you.  Kesh ji, what did you will show you.  Kesh ji, what did you come shopping for?  Bring it and show it to me, Kesh ji.  Tan come shopping for?  Bring it and show it to me, Kesh ji.  Tan come shopping for?  Bring it and show it to me, Kesh ji.  Tan Tan brother, I have brought this.  Because brother, the Tan brother, I have brought this.  Because brother, the Tan brother, I have brought this.  Because brother, the responsibility of cleaning the house is now mine responsibility of cleaning the house is now mine responsibility of cleaning the house is now mine because Shashi cannot work anymore.   Now because Shashi cannot work anymore.   Now because Shashi cannot work anymore.   Now they have come to know they have come to know they have come to know what things are needed in household. what things are needed in household. what things are needed in household. And I have brought this magic box to And I have brought this magic box to And I have brought this magic box to clean the toilet.  [laughter] clean the toilet.  [laughter] clean the toilet.  [laughter] Because the baby is pooping a lot. Because the baby is pooping a lot. Because the baby is pooping a lot. And this brother to wash his toilet utensils. And this brother to wash his toilet utensils. And this brother to wash his toilet utensils. Now he's finally a dad.  Now the Now he's finally a dad.  Now the Now he's finally a dad.  Now the entire responsibility has come upon them. entire responsibility has come upon them. entire responsibility has come upon them. Applause for a father.   I am Applause for a father.   I am Applause for a father.   I am at your service, sir.  I am present at your service, sir.  I am present at your service, sir.  I am present sir.  Do it, do it, we sir.  Do it, do it, we sir.  Do it, do it, we are ready to clean it [laughs] are ready to clean it [laughs] are ready to clean it [laughs] Cleanliness should be taken care of until you are Cleanliness should be taken care of until you are Cleanliness should be taken care of until you are satisfied brother, if you feel that it is satisfied brother, if you feel that it is satisfied brother, if you feel that it is dirty and it will not get cleaned now then you should dirty and it will not get cleaned now then you should dirty and it will not get cleaned now then you should clean it, why would your own child rub it, friend, will he clean it, why would your own child rub it, friend, will he clean it, why would your own child rub it, friend, will he remain healthy, then why would you have to run to the doctor remain healthy, then why would you have to run to the doctor remain healthy, then why would you have to run to the doctor unnecessarily, well unnecessarily, well unnecessarily, well what is the shame in doing household work what is the shame in doing household work what is the shame in doing household work and brother, my mother has taught me this since childhood that and brother, my mother has taught me this since childhood that and brother, my mother has taught me this since childhood that brother, so what if you are a gentleman, you should help brother, so what if you are a gentleman, you should help brother, so what if you are a gentleman, you should help in household work in household work in household work because when mother used to go to grandmother's house, because when mother used to go to grandmother's house, because when mother used to go to grandmother's house, I used to go rarely after growing up, I I used to go rarely after growing up, I I used to go rarely after growing up, I went there a lot in my childhood, so I used to mop the house, I used to went there a lot in my childhood, so I used to mop the house, I used to went there a lot in my childhood, so I used to mop the house, I used to wake up at 6:00 brother and by 6:30 wake up at 6:00 brother and by 6:30 wake up at 6:00 brother and by 6:30 all the household work would be done.  The people of the street all the household work would be done.  The people of the street all the household work would be done.  The people of the street also see that today Keshav is also see that today Keshav is also see that today Keshav is sweeping.  Well, mom has gone, right?  I sweeping.  Well, mom has gone, right?  I sweeping.  Well, mom has gone, right?  I said yes, grandmother has gone home.  I said well said yes, grandmother has gone home.  I said well said yes, grandmother has gone home.  I said well [laughs] okay. [laughs] okay. [laughs] okay. Ever since the baby has come to our house, ever since Ever since the baby has come to our house, ever since Ever since the baby has come to our house, ever since she wakes up early in the morning and cries, she wakes up early in the morning and cries, she wakes up early in the morning and cries, our father also tells mother to our father also tells mother to our father also tells mother to keep her.  I will do the rest myself. keep her.  I will do the rest myself. keep her.  I will do the rest myself. So our father also does everything like cooking vegetables. So our father also does everything like cooking vegetables. So our father also does everything like cooking vegetables. We also have an elderly mother at home. We also have an elderly mother at home. We also have an elderly mother at home. So they should also eat early from time to time. So they should also eat early from time to time. So they should also eat early from time to time. And one child has placed both grandfather and father And one child has placed both grandfather and father And one child has placed both grandfather and father and has placed both mother and grandmother and has placed both mother and grandmother and has placed both mother and grandmother comfortably. comfortably. comfortably. So guys, how did you all like the vlog, So guys, how did you all like the vlog, So guys, how did you all like the vlog, please do let us know by commenting.  See you in the next vlog, till then please do let us know by commenting.  See you in the next vlog, till then please do let us know by commenting.  See you in the next vlog, till then Jai Shri Krishna [music] [song voice]