Hello everyone, it's me again.   It's been a long time since Hello everyone, it's me again.   It's been a long time since Hello everyone, it's me again.   It's been a long time since I've released a new vlog.  It's been I've released a new vlog.  It's been I've released a new vlog.  It's been over a month, hasn't it?  This summer has been over a month, hasn't it?  This summer has been over a month, hasn't it?  This summer has been quite busy for me; I haven't had as quite busy for me; I haven't had as quite busy for me; I haven't had as much free time as in previous years much free time as in previous years much free time as in previous years .  Hu area.  I'm also preparing for my final year of high school .  Hu area.  I'm also preparing for my final year of high school .  Hu area.  I'm also preparing for my final year of high school .  I don't want to, but vlogging is .  I don't want to, but vlogging is .  I don't want to, but vlogging is gradually becoming less common.  So remember to watch the whole video gradually becoming less common.  So remember to watch the whole video gradually becoming less common.  So remember to watch the whole video to see what's new!  The best parts are to see what's new!  The best parts are to see what's new!  The best parts are always at the end of the video.  He he.  This.  [Music] always at the end of the video.  He he.  This.  [Music] always at the end of the video.  He he.  This.  [Music] Today I have class at 7:00, so I have to Today I have class at 7:00, so I have to Today I have class at 7:00, so I have to wake up early. Normally, if I have the morning off, I'd wake up early. Normally, if I have the morning off, I'd wake up early. Normally, if I have the morning off, I'd sleep until noon like everyone else. sleep until noon like everyone else. sleep until noon like everyone else. I didn't prepare the book last night, so I have to do it now I didn't prepare the book last night, so I have to do it now I didn't prepare the book last night, so I have to do it now .  Today I have two classes, one chemistry and .  Today I have two classes, one chemistry and .  Today I have two classes, one chemistry and one physics, so I won't be able to go home until 11 o'clock.  Therefore, one physics, so I won't be able to go home until 11 o'clock.  Therefore, one physics, so I won't be able to go home until 11 o'clock.  Therefore, starvation is impossible.  You need to eat breakfast starvation is impossible.  You need to eat breakfast starvation is impossible.  You need to eat breakfast so that knowledge can easily sink in.  Haha, it's so that knowledge can easily sink in.  Haha, it's so that knowledge can easily sink in.  Haha, it's already bright outside at 6:00, already bright outside at 6:00, already bright outside at 6:00, everyone!  Okay, now I'll go grab a glass of water to everyone!  Okay, now I'll go grab a glass of water to everyone!  Okay, now I'll go grab a glass of water to wake myself up and then cook some instant noodles. wake myself up and then cook some instant noodles. wake myself up and then cook some instant noodles. With my terrible cooking skills, I'll With my terrible cooking skills, I'll With my terrible cooking skills, I'll just make instant noodles to save time.  Hehe. Add all the spice packets, then pour in boiling water, and you Add all the spice packets, then pour in boiling water, and you Add all the spice packets, then pour in boiling water, and you 're done.  Yes.  They're probably so used to it that they 're done.  Yes.  They're probably so used to it that they 're done.  Yes.  They're probably so used to it that they don't know what else to say.  Ho ho ho. I was too lazy to cook with lipstick, so I didn't have any I was too lazy to cook with lipstick, so I didn't have any I was too lazy to cook with lipstick, so I didn't have any eggs.  It still tastes good this way.  Come have eggs.  It still tastes good this way.  Come have eggs.  It still tastes good this way.  Come have breakfast with me, guys.  Absolutely wrong. breakfast with me, guys.  Absolutely wrong. breakfast with me, guys.  Absolutely wrong. Here's the transformation.  Wow, it's always clean! Here's the transformation.  Wow, it's always clean! Here's the transformation.  Wow, it's always clean! [Music] It's past 6 o'clock after we finish eating, so [Music] It's past 6 o'clock after we finish eating, so [Music] It's past 6 o'clock after we finish eating, so get ready with me, okay? get ready with me, okay? get ready with me, okay? Just apply sunscreen and lip balm.  I'm so lazy Just apply sunscreen and lip balm.  I'm so lazy Just apply sunscreen and lip balm.  I'm so lazy .  I'm going to use the scrunchies I received .  I'm going to use the scrunchies I received .  I'm going to use the scrunchies I received yesterday right away, while they're still fresh off the press.  Oh, it's as big as yesterday right away, while they're still fresh off the press.  Oh, it's as big as yesterday right away, while they're still fresh off the press.  Oh, it's as big as my whole face!  Going to school now.  Pack your my whole face!  Going to school now.  Pack your my whole face!  Going to school now.  Pack your bags and let's go!  Yes.   It bags and let's go!  Yes.   It bags and let's go!  Yes.   It 's now the second shift.  I'm holding the 's now the second shift.  I'm holding the 's now the second shift.  I'm holding the leftover money I just paid for your tuition. leftover money I just paid for your tuition. leftover money I just paid for your tuition. During class, we pretended to concentrate on our things, so we During class, we pretended to concentrate on our things, so we During class, we pretended to concentrate on our things, so we didn't film anything. didn't film anything. didn't film anything. Look, school's over already.  It's already 11 o'clock, after all Look, school's over already.  It's already 11 o'clock, after all Look, school's over already.  It's already 11 o'clock, after all .  Around this time of day, I usually feel .  Around this time of day, I usually feel .  Around this time of day, I usually feel sluggish, tired, and hungry.   I sluggish, tired, and hungry.   I sluggish, tired, and hungry.   I don't know why, but I'm so full of energy today don't know why, but I'm so full of energy today don't know why, but I'm so full of energy today .  It's probably because they drank Number One .  It's probably because they drank Number One .  It's probably because they drank Number One .  [laughter] That's .  [laughter] That's .  [laughter] That's too much nonsense.  Now it's time to get in the car and go home too much nonsense.  Now it's time to get in the car and go home too much nonsense.  Now it's time to get in the car and go home .  Boom.  The video only shows one second, but it would .  Boom.  The video only shows one second, but it would .  Boom.  The video only shows one second, but it would take more than 10 minutes to get home take more than 10 minutes to get home take more than 10 minutes to get home . . . Ha, the heat and the helmet have made my hair all Ha, the heat and the helmet have made my hair all Ha, the heat and the helmet have made my hair all matted and sticky.   And matted and sticky.   And matted and sticky.   And with the car running out of battery, it took forever to get with the car running out of battery, it took forever to get with the car running out of battery, it took forever to get home. When I got home, I received an order from When I got home, I received an order from When I got home, I received an order from Kiofe.  The delivery guy sent it this morning, Kiofe.  The delivery guy sent it this morning, Kiofe.  The delivery guy sent it this morning, but I was in class at the time and only just got home to check it. but I was in class at the time and only just got home to check it. but I was in class at the time and only just got home to check it. I was so excited that I unboxed it right away. I was so excited that I unboxed it right away. I was so excited that I unboxed it right away. This kind of waiting time means I'll just have to put my cotton-filled backpack This kind of waiting time means I'll just have to put my cotton-filled backpack This kind of waiting time means I'll just have to put my cotton-filled backpack aside and ship it.  Wait a minute, I just happened aside and ship it.  Wait a minute, I just happened aside and ship it.  Wait a minute, I just happened to be looking at the room and it was so dazzling that I had to turn around a bit.   That's how it looks on its small face.  He may seem quiet on the outside, small face.  He may seem quiet on the outside, small face.  He may seem quiet on the outside, but inside he's overflowing with joy but inside he's overflowing with joy but inside he's overflowing with joy .  Kiofi sent me a huge bottle of Thoner tea .  Kiofi sent me a huge bottle of Thoner tea .  Kiofi sent me a huge bottle of Thoner tea and a tube of grape- and a tube of grape- and a tube of grape- scented sunscreen.  I love it so much.  [Music] If scented sunscreen.  I love it so much.  [Music] If scented sunscreen.  I love it so much.  [Music] If you guys follow TikTok and Instagram and see you guys follow TikTok and Instagram and see you guys follow TikTok and Instagram and see how much I'll be using them soon, you'll know how much I love them how much I'll be using them soon, you'll know how much I love them how much I'll be using them soon, you'll know how much I love them .  This girl is just making excuses to promote her Nick To again .  This girl is just making excuses to promote her Nick To again .  This girl is just making excuses to promote her Nick To again .  Everyone, please follow him and .  Everyone, please follow him and .  Everyone, please follow him and tone it down a bit.  Hi.  After unboxing, I tone it down a bit.  Hi.  After unboxing, I tone it down a bit.  Hi.  After unboxing, I got this mess as a bonus got this mess as a bonus got this mess as a bonus .  But I'm feeling lazy right now, so I'll clean it up later this afternoon .  But I'm feeling lazy right now, so I'll clean it up later this afternoon .  But I'm feeling lazy right now, so I'll clean it up later this afternoon .  Put the Thuner bottle away in the bathroom and then .  Put the Thuner bottle away in the bathroom and then .  Put the Thuner bottle away in the bathroom and then come downstairs for dinner.  Mom called.  Yes. come downstairs for dinner.  Mom called.  Yes. come downstairs for dinner.  Mom called.  Yes. Today's lunch includes sticky rice with coconut, Today's lunch includes sticky rice with coconut, Today's lunch includes sticky rice with coconut, three plates – that's truly VIP!  And also some three plates – that's truly VIP!  And also some three plates – that's truly VIP!  And also some scrambled eggs, pork bone soup with pumpkin, and scrambled eggs, pork bone soup with pumpkin, and scrambled eggs, pork bone soup with pumpkin, and that very healthy-looking pig ear dish.  You have to try it to know that very healthy-looking pig ear dish.  You have to try it to know that very healthy-looking pig ear dish.  You have to try it to know .  Let's all have some grapes!  Wow .  Let's all have some grapes!  Wow .  Let's all have some grapes!  Wow everyone, my mom's sticky rice with beans is everyone, my mom's sticky rice with beans is everyone, my mom's sticky rice with beans is so unique!  There are lotus seeds in it too. so unique!  There are lotus seeds in it too. so unique!  There are lotus seeds in it too. [Laughter] *Munch munch munch* [Laughter] *Munch munch munch* [Laughter] *Munch munch munch* .  After the meal, there was .  After the meal, there was .  After the meal, there was a glass of pickled cantaloupe to serve as dessert a glass of pickled cantaloupe to serve as dessert a glass of pickled cantaloupe to serve as dessert .  Here, everyone drink this first. .  Here, everyone drink this first. .  Here, everyone drink this first. Look at my brother, always. Look at my brother, always. Look at my brother, always. Finally, add this sweet slice of watermelon and you Finally, add this sweet slice of watermelon and you Finally, add this sweet slice of watermelon and you 'll be completely full.  [Music] 'll be completely full.  [Music] 'll be completely full.  [Music] It's over. It's over. It's over. While I was relaxing, I remembered I While I was relaxing, I remembered I While I was relaxing, I remembered I hadn't charged my bike yet, so I quickly got off to charge it so I could go out and have hadn't charged my bike yet, so I quickly got off to charge it so I could go out and have hadn't charged my bike yet, so I quickly got off to charge it so I could go out and have fun this afternoon.  Ho ho.  Once everything was settled, I fun this afternoon.  Ho ho.  Once everything was settled, I fun this afternoon.  Ho ho.  Once everything was settled, I went upstairs, turned on the air conditioner to cool down, and then had a went upstairs, turned on the air conditioner to cool down, and then had a went upstairs, turned on the air conditioner to cool down, and then had a good night's sleep.  I only slept a good night's sleep.  I only slept a good night's sleep.  I only slept a little today; I woke up around 1:30 AM.  A rebellion broke out one little today; I woke up around 1:30 AM.  A rebellion broke out one little today; I woke up around 1:30 AM.  A rebellion broke out one day.  He he.  Actually, I have a date day.  He he.  Actually, I have a date day.  He he.  Actually, I have a date with a friend at 3:00 this afternoon, so I woke up a little early because I was afraid of with a friend at 3:00 this afternoon, so I woke up a little early because I was afraid of with a friend at 3:00 this afternoon, so I woke up a little early because I was afraid of oversleeping.  And I also need to tidy up oversleeping.  And I also need to tidy up oversleeping.  And I also need to tidy up the mess in my room.  Yes.  I finished cleaning and the mess in my room.  Yes.  I finished cleaning and the mess in my room.  Yes.  I finished cleaning and was sitting drinking milk and playing on my phone was sitting drinking milk and playing on my phone was sitting drinking milk and playing on my phone when I received two orders for skullcaps.  I thought this when I received two orders for skullcaps.  I thought this when I received two orders for skullcaps.  I thought this was the order I'd been waiting for these past few days, was the order I'd been waiting for these past few days, was the order I'd been waiting for these past few days, but it wasn't.  *Sob sob sob*, it's just but it wasn't.  *Sob sob sob*, it's just but it wasn't.  *Sob sob sob*, it's just this rather weird cuin doormat. this rather weird cuin doormat. this rather weird cuin doormat. I'm going to change my clothes and get ready too. I'm going to change my clothes and get ready too. I'm going to change my clothes and get ready too. His face looks as round as an egg. His face looks as round as an egg. His face looks as round as an egg. I'm not really happy with my makeup today, but that's just how it is when I go out I'm not really happy with my makeup today, but that's just how it is when I go out I'm not really happy with my makeup today, but that's just how it is when I go out . . . But never mind, I'll go pick up my friend now and then go But never mind, I'll go pick up my friend now and then go But never mind, I'll go pick up my friend now and then go take some photos of the pens.  Thankfully, the weather take some photos of the pens.  Thankfully, the weather take some photos of the pens.  Thankfully, the weather today is cool, neither sunny nor rainy, today is cool, neither sunny nor rainy, today is cool, neither sunny nor rainy, quite pleasant.  We've arrived.  [Music] quite pleasant.  We've arrived.  [Music] quite pleasant.  We've arrived.  [Music] Yes.  We took two photos Yes.  We took two photos Yes.  We took two photos super quickly today.  You're back in a flash? super quickly today.  You're back in a flash? super quickly today.  You're back in a flash? There, now we're home.  I'm not going home right away There, now we're home.  I'm not going home right away There, now we're home.  I'm not going home right away .  I have to go visit my friend's house for a bit before I .  I have to go visit my friend's house for a bit before I .  I have to go visit my friend's house for a bit before I come home. come home. come home. We were live on TikTok at the time, but We were live on TikTok at the time, but We were live on TikTok at the time, but for some reason, it crashed twice. for some reason, it crashed twice. for some reason, it crashed twice. [Music] has been sitting here for too long, so I have to go home now [Music] has been sitting here for too long, so I have to go home now [Music] has been sitting here for too long, so I have to go home now .  Mom called.  [Music] I .  Mom called.  [Music] I .  Mom called.  [Music] I just got home and the delivery guy called to just got home and the delivery guy called to just got home and the delivery guy called to deliver my order.  Oh, this is exactly what deliver my order.  Oh, this is exactly what deliver my order.  Oh, this is exactly what I've been waiting for!  Look how big that box is I've been waiting for!  Look how big that box is I've been waiting for!  Look how big that box is .  Can anyone guess what it is .  Can anyone guess what it is .  Can anyone guess what it is ?  [Music] That's the ?  [Music] That's the ?  [Music] That's the new Lenovo Idea Tab Proen 2 tablet.  This. new Lenovo Idea Tab Proen 2 tablet.  This. new Lenovo Idea Tab Proen 2 tablet.  This. It comes with a charger, stylus, and keyboard, It comes with a charger, stylus, and keyboard, It comes with a charger, stylus, and keyboard, so it can easily be transformed into a so it can easily be transformed into a so it can easily be transformed into a laptop. laptop. laptop. Even though I knew it was a 13-inch screen, Even though I knew it was a 13-inch screen, Even though I knew it was a 13-inch screen, it felt bigger in my hands than I imagined it felt bigger in my hands than I imagined it felt bigger in my hands than I imagined .  It's light and very comfortable.  After watching for a while, .  It's light and very comfortable.  After watching for a while, .  It's light and very comfortable.  After watching for a while, I didn't notice any freezing or I didn't notice any freezing or I didn't notice any freezing or lagging at all.  Thanks to its smooth 144Hz refresh rate lagging at all.  Thanks to its smooth 144Hz refresh rate lagging at all.  Thanks to its smooth 144Hz refresh rate .  Watching YouTube is just endless fun. .  Watching YouTube is just endless fun. .  Watching YouTube is just endless fun. Wow, the camera is super sharp, guys! Wow, the camera is super sharp, guys! Wow, the camera is super sharp, guys! Now let's try writing with a pen, everyone.  Let's Now let's try writing with a pen, everyone.  Let's Now let's try writing with a pen, everyone.  Let's connect first. connect first. connect first. I thought about it for a long time and finally I thought about it for a long time and finally I thought about it for a long time and finally brought her home.  Since it's the final year of high school, it's certainly brought her home.  Since it's the final year of high school, it's certainly brought her home.  Since it's the final year of high school, it's certainly important to have a study buddy to make the learning process important to have a study buddy to make the learning process important to have a study buddy to make the learning process smoother.   The smoother.   The smoother.   The writing is incredibly smooth.  The writing is incredibly smooth.  The writing is incredibly smooth.  The anti-glare screen feels like anti-glare screen feels like anti-glare screen feels like writing on paper.  By the way, thank you writing on paper.  By the way, thank you writing on paper.  By the way, thank you so much to my 15,000 subscribers for your continued support!  Love, so much to my 15,000 subscribers for your continued support!  Love, so much to my 15,000 subscribers for your continued support!  Love, love.  Since I was preparing for an afternoon walk, I love.  Since I was preparing for an afternoon walk, I love.  Since I was preparing for an afternoon walk, I didn't have time to write a detailed review didn't have time to write a detailed review didn't have time to write a detailed review .  Let's study and play together later tonight .  Let's study and play together later tonight .  Let's study and play together later tonight .  But first of all, it's definitely worth the .  But first of all, it's definitely worth the .  But first of all, it's definitely worth the money.  Now, goodbye to money.  Now, goodbye to money.  Now, goodbye to this room and goodbye to my Lenovo too; I'll be this room and goodbye to my Lenovo too; I'll be this room and goodbye to my Lenovo too; I'll be back soon.  Remember to watch the whole back soon.  Remember to watch the whole back soon.  Remember to watch the whole Nhoa vlog.  Now I'm going downstairs to take my two little sisters for a Nhoa vlog.  Now I'm going downstairs to take my two little sisters for a Nhoa vlog.  Now I'm going downstairs to take my two little sisters for a walk in Chiu Chiu. walk in Chiu Chiu. walk in Chiu Chiu. Go slowly, Thinh.   The Go slowly, Thinh.   The Go slowly, Thinh.   The trio is singing on Samba.  I'm just kidding.  Spending trio is singing on Samba.  I'm just kidding.  Spending trio is singing on Samba.  I'm just kidding.  Spending too much time on your phone in the summer gets boring.  Let's get up and too much time on your phone in the summer gets boring.  Let's get up and too much time on your phone in the summer gets boring.  Let's get up and go for a walk in the fields, everyone! go for a walk in the fields, everyone! go for a walk in the fields, everyone! Cool weather is good for your health.   I Cool weather is good for your health.   I Cool weather is good for your health.   I don't know don't know don't know what my younger brother is up to now.  She even pretended to cover her mouth to smile sweetly what my younger brother is up to now.  She even pretended to cover her mouth to smile sweetly what my younger brother is up to now.  She even pretended to cover her mouth to smile sweetly .   She has such .   She has such .   She has such short legs, yet she walks so fast.  Let's wait a bit and short legs, yet she walks so fast.  Let's wait a bit and short legs, yet she walks so fast.  Let's wait a bit and see.  Just showing off to everyone, this is the see.  Just showing off to everyone, this is the see.  Just showing off to everyone, this is the biggest church in Northern Vietnam!  If you don't believe me, check it out yourself biggest church in Northern Vietnam!  If you don't believe me, check it out yourself biggest church in Northern Vietnam!  If you don't believe me, check it out yourself .  Hehe.  [Music] It's .  Hehe.  [Music] It's .  Hehe.  [Music] It's almost time to leave, but the buffaloes almost time to leave, but the buffaloes almost time to leave, but the buffaloes still haven't come up.  It's cool, isn't it? still haven't come up.  It's cool, isn't it? still haven't come up.  It's cool, isn't it? Well-behaved, polite, and 1 meter tall.   I have to Well-behaved, polite, and 1 meter tall.   I have to Well-behaved, polite, and 1 meter tall.   I have to make a batch of yogurt as soon as I get home.   I make a batch of yogurt as soon as I get home.   I make a batch of yogurt as soon as I get home.   I can't remember what I watched, but the edited version is can't remember what I watched, but the edited version is can't remember what I watched, but the edited version is hilarious.  [Music] After watching TV for a bit, I'll hilarious.  [Music] After watching TV for a bit, I'll hilarious.  [Music] After watching TV for a bit, I'll go take a shower.  Once you're done, go take a shower.  Once you're done, go take a shower.  Once you're done, quickly dry your hair and then go downstairs to eat, and quickly dry your hair and then go downstairs to eat, and quickly dry your hair and then go downstairs to eat, and drink some water for a healthy meal.  [Music] drink some water for a healthy meal.  [Music] drink some water for a healthy meal.  [Music] Tonight's menu at our house is Tonight's menu at our house is Tonight's menu at our house is grape rolls.   It's grape rolls.   It's grape rolls.   It's delicious.  Delicious.  Please have some food.  I'm delicious.  Delicious.  Please have some food.  I'm delicious.  Delicious.  Please have some food.  I'm not waiting for you any longer.  I'm going to eat right now. not waiting for you any longer.  I'm going to eat right now. not waiting for you any longer.  I'm going to eat right now. Oh, there are snails in our pond too! Oh, there are snails in our pond too! Oh, there are snails in our pond too! Yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy.   My Yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy.   My Yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy.   My mom said she wanted to wrap it nicely, so I flexed a bit, mom said she wanted to wrap it nicely, so I flexed a bit, mom said she wanted to wrap it nicely, so I flexed a bit, everyone.  Now it's my turn.   Earlier you complained that Mom's package was too big everyone.  Now it's my turn.   Earlier you complained that Mom's package was too big everyone.  Now it's my turn.   Earlier you complained that Mom's package was too big .  The package was exactly the same size .  The package was exactly the same size .  The package was exactly the same size .   And .   And .   And to make matters worse, it was torn and I had to wrap some extra material around it to make matters worse, it was torn and I had to wrap some extra material around it to make matters worse, it was torn and I had to wrap some extra material around it .  It's okay, it's still super delicious. .  It's okay, it's still super delicious. .  It's okay, it's still super delicious. Ho ho.  After finishing the cleaning, I went with my Ho ho.  After finishing the cleaning, I went with my Ho ho.  After finishing the cleaning, I went with my mom to buy some snacks.  Let's mom to buy some snacks.  Let's mom to buy some snacks.  Let's go.  Yes.  My mom is inside picking out go.  Yes.  My mom is inside picking out go.  Yes.  My mom is inside picking out groceries while I keep an eye on groceries while I keep an eye on groceries while I keep an eye on this stinky little brother of mine.  I just offered him a bag of chips and he this stinky little brother of mine.  I just offered him a bag of chips and he this stinky little brother of mine.  I just offered him a bag of chips and he sat there perfectly still.  Behave well.  Is sat there perfectly still.  Behave well.  Is sat there perfectly still.  Behave well.  Is n't she adorable, guys? Let's go home.  I already see the ice cream container! Let's go home.  I already see the ice cream container! Let's go home.  I already see the ice cream container! Let's see what's there, everyone.  Yes. Let's see what's there, everyone.  Yes. Let's see what's there, everyone.  Yes. First, here are some rice cakes. First, here are some rice cakes. First, here are some rice cakes. One milk, One milk, One milk, two milks, three milks, four milks, plus a pouch of two milks, three milks, four milks, plus a pouch of two milks, three milks, four milks, plus a pouch of Vinamil cream. Vinamil cream. Vinamil cream. Um, five milk.  [Music] Mom bought me sausages Um, five milk.  [Music] Mom bought me sausages Um, five milk.  [Music] Mom bought me sausages .  Yeah, yuu yuu.  Let's grab some ice cream .  Yeah, yuu yuu.  Let's grab some ice cream .  Yeah, yuu yuu.  Let's grab some ice cream to cool down, then head upstairs to study.   It's already past to cool down, then head upstairs to study.   It's already past to cool down, then head upstairs to study.   It's already past 8:00.  As promised, let's start 8:00.  As promised, let's start 8:00.  As promised, let's start learning with the Lenovo Idea Tab Proen 2 now learning with the Lenovo Idea Tab Proen 2 now learning with the Lenovo Idea Tab Proen 2 now .  We'll be studying chemistry tonight, .  We'll be studying chemistry tonight, .  We'll be studying chemistry tonight, everyone.  With its large screen and everyone.  With its large screen and everyone.  With its large screen and powerful Snapdragon 8S Gen 4 chip, studying and finding powerful Snapdragon 8S Gen 4 chip, studying and finding powerful Snapdragon 8S Gen 4 chip, studying and finding documents is incredibly easy.  At first, I wasn't used to documents is incredibly easy.  At first, I wasn't used to documents is incredibly easy.  At first, I wasn't used to it and didn't know many of the operations, but after learning for it and didn't know many of the operations, but after learning for it and didn't know many of the operations, but after learning for a while, I found many a while, I found many a while, I found many features incredibly convenient.  Oh, I forgot to mention, I bought mine features incredibly convenient.  Oh, I forgot to mention, I bought mine features incredibly convenient.  Oh, I forgot to mention, I bought mine at Cellphone S. They have a wide variety of at Cellphone S. They have a wide variety of at Cellphone S. They have a wide variety of genuine Lenovo models, are reputable, and even offer genuine Lenovo models, are reputable, and even offer genuine Lenovo models, are reputable, and even offer discounts for students.  Highly discounts for students.  Highly discounts for students.  Highly recommended for graduating students who need to recommended for graduating students who need to recommended for graduating students who need to study a lot. study a lot. study a lot. Now, let's try writing down the theory and see if we can remember Now, let's try writing down the theory and see if we can remember Now, let's try writing down the theory and see if we can remember anything.  It's more convenient to use a stylus with a anything.  It's more convenient to use a stylus with a anything.  It's more convenient to use a stylus with a tablet.  As mentioned tablet.  As mentioned tablet.  As mentioned earlier, it writes incredibly smoothly, just earlier, it writes incredibly smoothly, just earlier, it writes incredibly smoothly, just like writing on paper.  I could even hear the like writing on paper.  I could even hear the like writing on paper.  I could even hear the rustling sound. rustling sound. rustling sound. The video is a bit laggy because I fast-forwarded it, but it's The video is a bit laggy because I fast-forwarded it, but it's The video is a bit laggy because I fast-forwarded it, but it's not that the girl is lagging.  [Music] not that the girl is lagging.  [Music] not that the girl is lagging.  [Music] After studying, I opened Spotify to After studying, I opened Spotify to After studying, I opened Spotify to listen to music but couldn't record anything.  Hu Khu, listen to music but couldn't record anything.  Hu Khu, listen to music but couldn't record anything.  Hu Khu, that's been hit with copyright infringement.  After that, I that's been hit with copyright infringement.  After that, I that's been hit with copyright infringement.  After that, I played some random games.  It's been a long time since I played some random games.  It's been a long time since I played some random games.  It's been a long time since I played.  I just need to test the new machine a little played.  I just need to test the new machine a little played.  I just need to test the new machine a little .  He [music] he.  Learning while playing. .  He [music] he.  Learning while playing. .  He [music] he.  Learning while playing. I watched it all evening and this afternoon, and I didn't I watched it all evening and this afternoon, and I didn't I watched it all evening and this afternoon, and I didn't see any signs of the battery running out.  Upon reading the description, I see any signs of the battery running out.  Upon reading the description, I see any signs of the battery running out.  Upon reading the description, I realized this phone has a 10,200 realized this phone has a 10,200 realized this phone has a 10,200 mAh battery, so you can browse the web and study comfortably from mAh battery, so you can browse the web and study comfortably from mAh battery, so you can browse the web and study comfortably from morning till night without needing to carry a morning till night without needing to carry a morning till night without needing to carry a charger.  I'm so hungry because I didn't eat rice last night, charger.  I'm so hungry because I didn't eat rice last night, charger.  I'm so hungry because I didn't eat rice last night, so I'm going downstairs to cook some mixed noodles to eat.  I've so I'm going downstairs to cook some mixed noodles to eat.  I've so I'm going downstairs to cook some mixed noodles to eat.  I've finished my homework, so now I'm just going to eat noodles and listen to the finished my homework, so now I'm just going to eat noodles and listen to the finished my homework, so now I'm just going to eat noodles and listen to the Chiu Chiu audiobook.  Everyone, please join Chiu Chiu audiobook.  Everyone, please join Chiu Chiu audiobook.  Everyone, please join me for a late-night meal.  Yummy, yummy, yummy.  She me for a late-night meal.  Yummy, yummy, yummy.  She me for a late-night meal.  Yummy, yummy, yummy.  She noticed that it was already noticed that it was already noticed that it was already 11:30 after dinner, so she 11:30 after dinner, so she 11:30 after dinner, so she quickly brushed her teeth, washed her face, and did some skincare quickly brushed her teeth, washed her face, and did some skincare quickly brushed her teeth, washed her face, and did some skincare .  I have to go to school early tomorrow too. .  I have to go to school early tomorrow too. .  I have to go to school early tomorrow too. I always use my Cario toner every I always use my Cario toner every I always use my Cario toner every morning.  Then put on some lip balm, turn on the fan, turn morning.  Then put on some lip balm, turn on the fan, turn morning.  Then put on some lip balm, turn on the fan, turn off the lights, and go to sleep.  So, off the lights, and go to sleep.  So, off the lights, and go to sleep.  So, my summer day vlog is almost over. my summer day vlog is almost over. my summer day vlog is almost over. Thank you all so much for watching this far, Thank you all so much for watching this far, Thank you all so much for watching this far, and don't forget to subscribe to my channel so I can and don't forget to subscribe to my channel so I can and don't forget to subscribe to my channel so I can reach 20,000 subscribers soon!  See you in reach 20,000 subscribers soon!  See you in reach 20,000 subscribers soon!  See you in the next vlog.  Bye bye.  [music]