Can I paint the earth? Yeah, sure.
Here's an easy way to paint the earth.
First, get yourself a bowl or a plate or
with some spray paint. Outline it and
take it away. This is your target. Take
some brown and fill in that circle all
the way. Now, you can take a couple
different greens and just cover that up.
Few spots of some lighter ones over
here. And some darker bits over here.
Now, grab yourself some magazine paper
and crumple it up. And all of this
crumply goodness is going to give us our
texture. So, just lay it down. Give it a
little smoothie r and peel it off. Yes,
this is what we want. You can take some
more away if you like by just giving it
a little dab. Hang on. Hang on. Yeah,
now it's perfect. Now, this needs to
dry. But while it does that, I'm going
to grab myself some spare cardboard. I'm
going to tear that up into my countries
or continents, whatever. That's Africa.
That's America. Take a little Azabaijan,
the North Pole, the UK, Australia. And
then all of this can just be like Asia.
There you go. Once this is crispy dry,
you can take your countries and
continents and put them on the earth.
Just place them around as you see fit.
You can weigh them down if you like.
I've got some bolts and stones and
stuff. If you're struggling to keep up,
don't worry. Just put the word coach in
the comments right now and I'll send you
my full beginner spray paint out course
for free. Once you've got all of this
lined up, you're going to need two or
three blues if you haven't. But bare
minimum, a dark shade, and a light
shade. But if you can go a bit lighter,
it looks even better. And I'm going to
start with my dark shade of blue just
going across this side of the earth like
this. And I have a midtone. So I'm going
to put that across the middle here. And
then your lightest blue goes on this
side just on the edge. Once you put your
blues on, you can start removing all
this stuff. We're not even close to
being done. So, you've got time to hit
the follow button. Do it.
Just do it. Now, I want a spare piece of
card. I'm going to put some white on it.
See this dish sponge? Your mom gave it
to me. Sending my regards. Dip the
sponge in the white. Now, we're going to
add our weather systems. Just a very
fancy way of saying clouds, basically.
This is the Gulf of Mexico. I'm kidding.
I ain't got a clue what I'm doing. Now,
you want to take the black and you want
to give this a shadow down this side.
Just dust it on. Less is more. Less is
more. Make sure to follow the curvature
of the planet like this. And if you
want, you can grab some white and just
add a wee highlight. Just a wee
highlight. A wee one. Now, whatever
color you want your squiggle to be, you
need to put that here. I'm going with
hot pink for the band. Now, we need to
wait patiently for this to dry, which
I'm incapable of doing. Once this guy is
drier than a pretzel stuck in Gandi's
flip-flop, you can take your bowl or
plate or whatever and put it right back
on top. Now, cover everything in black.
Now, with the white, you want to give
yourself a sticky old finger. Flick off
the big bits and then flick the rest on
the page to add some stars. You just
want real tiny ones like this. Now, you
remember that little highlight we gave
up here? Just take the white, shoot the
bowl just to accentuate that. Squiggle
mad diggle. And boom. Oh yeah, freaking
nailed it. If you want to know how we
can advance this even further, just hit
the follow button and I'll show you in
the next
