Can I paint the earth? Yeah, sure. Can I paint the earth? Yeah, sure. Can I paint the earth? Yeah, sure. Here's an easy way to paint the earth. Here's an easy way to paint the earth. Here's an easy way to paint the earth. First, get yourself a bowl or a plate or First, get yourself a bowl or a plate or First, get yourself a bowl or a plate or with some spray paint. Outline it and with some spray paint. Outline it and with some spray paint. Outline it and take it away. This is your target. Take take it away. This is your target. Take take it away. This is your target. Take some brown and fill in that circle all some brown and fill in that circle all some brown and fill in that circle all the way. Now, you can take a couple the way. Now, you can take a couple the way. Now, you can take a couple different greens and just cover that up. different greens and just cover that up. different greens and just cover that up. Few spots of some lighter ones over Few spots of some lighter ones over Few spots of some lighter ones over here. And some darker bits over here. here. And some darker bits over here. here. And some darker bits over here. Now, grab yourself some magazine paper Now, grab yourself some magazine paper Now, grab yourself some magazine paper and crumple it up. And all of this and crumple it up. And all of this and crumple it up. And all of this crumply goodness is going to give us our crumply goodness is going to give us our crumply goodness is going to give us our texture. So, just lay it down. Give it a texture. So, just lay it down. Give it a texture. So, just lay it down. Give it a little smoothie r and peel it off. Yes, little smoothie r and peel it off. Yes, little smoothie r and peel it off. Yes, this is what we want. You can take some this is what we want. You can take some this is what we want. You can take some more away if you like by just giving it more away if you like by just giving it more away if you like by just giving it a little dab. Hang on. Hang on. Yeah, a little dab. Hang on. Hang on. Yeah, a little dab. Hang on. Hang on. Yeah, now it's perfect. Now, this needs to now it's perfect. Now, this needs to now it's perfect. Now, this needs to dry. But while it does that, I'm going dry. But while it does that, I'm going dry. But while it does that, I'm going to grab myself some spare cardboard. I'm to grab myself some spare cardboard. I'm to grab myself some spare cardboard. I'm going to tear that up into my countries going to tear that up into my countries going to tear that up into my countries or continents, whatever. That's Africa. or continents, whatever. That's Africa. or continents, whatever. That's Africa. That's America. Take a little Azabaijan, That's America. Take a little Azabaijan, That's America. Take a little Azabaijan, the North Pole, the UK, Australia. And the North Pole, the UK, Australia. And the North Pole, the UK, Australia. And then all of this can just be like Asia. then all of this can just be like Asia. then all of this can just be like Asia. There you go. Once this is crispy dry, There you go. Once this is crispy dry, There you go. Once this is crispy dry, you can take your countries and you can take your countries and you can take your countries and continents and put them on the earth. continents and put them on the earth. continents and put them on the earth. Just place them around as you see fit. Just place them around as you see fit. Just place them around as you see fit. You can weigh them down if you like. You can weigh them down if you like. You can weigh them down if you like. I've got some bolts and stones and I've got some bolts and stones and I've got some bolts and stones and stuff. If you're struggling to keep up, stuff. If you're struggling to keep up, stuff. If you're struggling to keep up, don't worry. Just put the word coach in don't worry. Just put the word coach in don't worry. Just put the word coach in the comments right now and I'll send you the comments right now and I'll send you the comments right now and I'll send you my full beginner spray paint out course my full beginner spray paint out course my full beginner spray paint out course for free. Once you've got all of this for free. Once you've got all of this for free. Once you've got all of this lined up, you're going to need two or lined up, you're going to need two or lined up, you're going to need two or three blues if you haven't. But bare three blues if you haven't. But bare three blues if you haven't. But bare minimum, a dark shade, and a light minimum, a dark shade, and a light minimum, a dark shade, and a light shade. But if you can go a bit lighter, shade. But if you can go a bit lighter, shade. But if you can go a bit lighter, it looks even better. And I'm going to it looks even better. And I'm going to it looks even better. And I'm going to start with my dark shade of blue just start with my dark shade of blue just start with my dark shade of blue just going across this side of the earth like going across this side of the earth like going across this side of the earth like this. And I have a midtone. So I'm going this. And I have a midtone. So I'm going this. And I have a midtone. So I'm going to put that across the middle here. And to put that across the middle here. And to put that across the middle here. And then your lightest blue goes on this then your lightest blue goes on this then your lightest blue goes on this side just on the edge. Once you put your side just on the edge. Once you put your side just on the edge. Once you put your blues on, you can start removing all blues on, you can start removing all blues on, you can start removing all this stuff. We're not even close to this stuff. We're not even close to this stuff. We're not even close to being done. So, you've got time to hit being done. So, you've got time to hit being done. So, you've got time to hit the follow button. Do it. the follow button. Do it. the follow button. Do it. >> Just do it. Now, I want a spare piece of >> Just do it. Now, I want a spare piece of >> Just do it. Now, I want a spare piece of card. I'm going to put some white on it. card. I'm going to put some white on it. card. I'm going to put some white on it. See this dish sponge? Your mom gave it See this dish sponge? Your mom gave it See this dish sponge? Your mom gave it to me. Sending my regards. Dip the to me. Sending my regards. Dip the to me. Sending my regards. Dip the sponge in the white. Now, we're going to sponge in the white. Now, we're going to sponge in the white. Now, we're going to add our weather systems. Just a very add our weather systems. Just a very add our weather systems. Just a very fancy way of saying clouds, basically. fancy way of saying clouds, basically. fancy way of saying clouds, basically. This is the Gulf of Mexico. I'm kidding. This is the Gulf of Mexico. I'm kidding. This is the Gulf of Mexico. I'm kidding. I ain't got a clue what I'm doing. Now, I ain't got a clue what I'm doing. Now, I ain't got a clue what I'm doing. Now, you want to take the black and you want you want to take the black and you want you want to take the black and you want to give this a shadow down this side. to give this a shadow down this side. to give this a shadow down this side. Just dust it on. Less is more. Less is Just dust it on. Less is more. Less is Just dust it on. Less is more. Less is more. Make sure to follow the curvature more. Make sure to follow the curvature more. Make sure to follow the curvature of the planet like this. And if you of the planet like this. And if you of the planet like this. And if you want, you can grab some white and just want, you can grab some white and just want, you can grab some white and just add a wee highlight. Just a wee add a wee highlight. Just a wee add a wee highlight. Just a wee highlight. A wee one. Now, whatever highlight. A wee one. Now, whatever highlight. A wee one. Now, whatever color you want your squiggle to be, you color you want your squiggle to be, you color you want your squiggle to be, you need to put that here. I'm going with need to put that here. I'm going with need to put that here. I'm going with hot pink for the band. Now, we need to hot pink for the band. Now, we need to hot pink for the band. Now, we need to wait patiently for this to dry, which wait patiently for this to dry, which wait patiently for this to dry, which I'm incapable of doing. Once this guy is I'm incapable of doing. Once this guy is I'm incapable of doing. Once this guy is drier than a pretzel stuck in Gandi's drier than a pretzel stuck in Gandi's drier than a pretzel stuck in Gandi's flip-flop, you can take your bowl or flip-flop, you can take your bowl or flip-flop, you can take your bowl or plate or whatever and put it right back plate or whatever and put it right back plate or whatever and put it right back on top. Now, cover everything in black. on top. Now, cover everything in black. on top. Now, cover everything in black. Now, with the white, you want to give Now, with the white, you want to give Now, with the white, you want to give yourself a sticky old finger. Flick off yourself a sticky old finger. Flick off yourself a sticky old finger. Flick off the big bits and then flick the rest on the big bits and then flick the rest on the big bits and then flick the rest on the page to add some stars. You just the page to add some stars. You just the page to add some stars. You just want real tiny ones like this. Now, you want real tiny ones like this. Now, you want real tiny ones like this. Now, you remember that little highlight we gave remember that little highlight we gave remember that little highlight we gave up here? Just take the white, shoot the up here? Just take the white, shoot the up here? Just take the white, shoot the bowl just to accentuate that. Squiggle bowl just to accentuate that. Squiggle bowl just to accentuate that. Squiggle mad diggle. And boom. Oh yeah, freaking mad diggle. And boom. Oh yeah, freaking mad diggle. And boom. Oh yeah, freaking nailed it. If you want to know how we nailed it. If you want to know how we nailed it. If you want to know how we can advance this even further, just hit can advance this even further, just hit can advance this even further, just hit the follow button and I'll show you in the follow button and I'll show you in the follow button and I'll show you in the next