What did I see today while trying to hide from my husband and Rama? What did I see today while trying to hide from my husband and Rama? What did I see today while trying to hide from my husband and Rama? So my husband and my son Rama together would make So my husband and my son Rama together would make So my husband and my son Rama together would make me do so much work every day.   Let me me do so much work every day.   Let me me do so much work every day.   Let me live, let me live. live, let me live. live, let me live. Sometimes they say, take this and catch Rama.   Have Sometimes they say, take this and catch Rama.   Have Sometimes they say, take this and catch Rama.   Have you seen my slippers?  Feed Rama. you seen my slippers?  Feed Rama. you seen my slippers?  Feed Rama. I have gone crazy because of all these actions of his. I have gone crazy because of all these actions of his. I have gone crazy because of all these actions of his. And that's why today I And that's why today I And that's why today I thought that I should take revenge from both of them.  And thought that I should take revenge from both of them.  And thought that I should take revenge from both of them.  And after some time I told them that let's after some time I told them that let's after some time I told them that let's play a game today in which I will hide play a game today in which I will hide play a game today in which I will hide and both of you will find me and both of you will find me and both of you will find me but there is one condition, I will but there is one condition, I will but there is one condition, I will hide first and till then you guys count. hide first and till then you guys count. hide first and till then you guys count. One two three One two three One two three and today I will hide in such a place that these people will and today I will hide in such a place that these people will and today I will hide in such a place that these people will not be able to find me in this life. not be able to find me in this life. not be able to find me in this life. Hey friend, where should I hide? I could hide in this room, Hey friend, where should I hide? I could hide in this room, Hey friend, where should I hide? I could hide in this room, but it's so dark in here.  Let's but it's so dark in here.  Let's but it's so dark in here.  Let's hide in this room but we could hide in this room but we could hide in this room but we could n't find any space here.  Let's do one thing, let's n't find any space here.  Let's do one thing, let's n't find any space here.  Let's do one thing, let's hide under this blanket.  These people will hide under this blanket.  These people will hide under this blanket.  These people will never be able to find me. never be able to find me. never be able to find me. DAD [SCREAMING] Hey, where did your mommy go?  What should I Hey, where did your mommy go?  What should I Hey, where did your mommy go?  What should I do now?  Hey, what happened that it is so late do now?  Hey, what happened that it is so late do now?  Hey, what happened that it is so late but these people have not been able to find me yet but these people have not been able to find me yet but these people have not been able to find me yet and in this heat, and in this heat, and in this heat, I am drenched in sweat under the blanket and I am drenched in sweat under the blanket and I am drenched in sweat under the blanket and poor my husband and my son, now poor my husband and my son, now poor my husband and my son, now I feel bad for them that maybe I feel bad for them that maybe I feel bad for them that maybe they are crying because I was not found. they are crying because I was not found. they are crying because I was not found. Stop playing all this hide and seek.  I will go and Stop playing all this hide and seek.  I will go and Stop playing all this hide and seek.  I will go and see what these people are doing. What have these people done?  [music] What have these people done?  [music] What have these people done?  [music] A fat elephant