Staring [cheering voice] Staring [cheering voice] Staring [cheering voice] Starring and Welcome Shubham Pujari. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello How are you guys? How are you guys? How are you guys? This is great, I like it very much Mumbai This is great, I like it very much Mumbai This is great, I like it very much Mumbai About this. How excited are you? About this. How excited are you? About this. How excited are you? I come back happy from home. I come back happy from home. I come back happy from home. So many people are seeing comedy for the first time. So many people are seeing comedy for the first time. So many people are seeing comedy for the first time. Among the people. Someone who is the first time Among the people. Someone who is the first time Among the people. Someone who is the first time Watching a comedy. You guys, one or two people. Watching a comedy. You guys, one or two people. Watching a comedy. You guys, one or two people. Okay, are you guys 18 plus? Okay, are you guys 18 plus? Okay, are you guys 18 plus? What is your age? What is your age? What is your age? I am definitely not lying. The police come I am definitely not lying. The police come I am definitely not lying. The police come Is it here? Is it here? Is it here? Don't worry. Come after the show Don't worry. Come after the show Don't worry. Come after the show [laughter] It's the police. [laughter] It's the police. [laughter] It's the police. Ok. Ok. Welcome to the show. Welcome to Ok. Ok. Welcome to the show. Welcome to Ok. Ok. Welcome to the show. Welcome to The show. and any parents The show. and any parents The show. and any parents come with [throat clearing sound] and so on come with [throat clearing sound] and so on come with [throat clearing sound] and so on Has gone. By mistake, tell me now. We tell Has gone. By mistake, tell me now. We tell Has gone. By mistake, tell me now. We tell Are there any two who are parents? Everybody's friends Are there any two who are parents? Everybody's friends Are there any two who are parents? Everybody's friends Only they are. What? Only they are. What? Only they are. What? Is there that much juice? Is there that much juice? Is there that much juice? No, no, there's nothing like that, but you came. No, no, there's nothing like that, but you came. No, no, there's nothing like that, but you came. With anyone? [Laughter] With anyone? [Laughter] With anyone? [Laughter] Who have you come with? Who have you come with? Who have you come with? Two Friends Two Friends Two Friends Two friends. Ok, good. and someone else Two friends. Ok, good. and someone else Two friends. Ok, good. and someone else You can also date one of these You can also date one of these You can also date one of these We Menting Butt We Menting Butt We Menting Butt Well why [laughs]. Well why [laughs]. Well why [laughs]. Oh that is interesting. Oh that is interesting. Oh that is interesting. Why Didn't You Die? Why Didn't You Die? Why Didn't You Die? Different things you were clear? Different things you were clear? Different things you were clear? Were we clear? Were we clear? Were we clear? It's two years. It's two years. It's two years. Let me tell you you're clear. He still wants the same things. [Laughter] This is a recording show. We are from YouTube This is a recording show. We are from YouTube This is a recording show. We are from YouTube Recording for. Mumbai gives me every Recording for. Mumbai gives me every Recording for. Mumbai gives me every The bar looks great. I first The bar looks great. I first The bar looks great. I first I had also uploaded the video from here. and like I had also uploaded the video from here. and like I had also uploaded the video from here. and like Neither this is a small audience from anywhere. You Neither this is a small audience from anywhere. You Neither this is a small audience from anywhere. You There is at least some fire inside you. There is at least some fire inside you. There is at least some fire inside you. Like in the middle of the show, you'll feel like Like in the middle of the show, you'll feel like Like in the middle of the show, you'll feel like That That mine is better. Yes That mine is better. Yes That mine is better. Yes Which is the truth. Yes, that is absolutely true Which is the truth. Yes, that is absolutely true Which is the truth. Yes, that is absolutely true The thing is. The audience has become very funny. tomorrow I The thing is. The audience has become very funny. tomorrow I The thing is. The audience has become very funny. tomorrow I Came live with a friend. Usap Came live with a friend. Usap Came live with a friend. Usap People are commenting. two brothers both People are commenting. two brothers both People are commenting. two brothers both Sweet. How will I win the audience? So you also have a lot How will I win the audience? So you also have a lot How will I win the audience? So you also have a lot There will be a fire in the middle of the show, not like that, friend. There will be a fire in the middle of the show, not like that, friend. There will be a fire in the middle of the show, not like that, friend. I also want to say something but you are here today. I also want to say something but you are here today. I also want to say something but you are here today. Avoid it or we'll go out after the show. Avoid it or we'll go out after the show. Avoid it or we'll go out after the show. We will meet there and talk. Ok? We will meet there and talk. Ok? We will meet there and talk. Ok? Because then you will say something. Because then you will say something. Because then you will say something. Then I'll look like a fool, so I'll [laughs]. Then I'll look like a fool, so I'll [laughs]. Then I'll look like a fool, so I'll [laughs]. I don't want this to be on camera for everyone. I don't want this to be on camera for everyone. I don't want this to be on camera for everyone. Front. Ok? Let me tell you a little about myself Front. Ok? Let me tell you a little about myself Front. Ok? Let me tell you a little about myself I will tell you guys. I me very I will tell you guys. I me very I will tell you guys. I me very I am ashamed to say that I I am ashamed to say that I I am ashamed to say that I I am a resident of Mirzapur. [Laughter] I am a resident of Mirzapur. [Laughter] I am a resident of Mirzapur. [Laughter] And I've been living here for quite some time now. And I've been living here for quite some time now. And I've been living here for quite some time now. In Delhi. I've been there seven or eight years. In Delhi. I've been there seven or eight years. In Delhi. I've been there seven or eight years. While living. I keep coming to Mumbai for stand up While living. I keep coming to Mumbai for stand up While living. I keep coming to Mumbai for stand up For. I keep going to Bangalore. big For. I keep going to Bangalore. big For. I keep going to Bangalore. big I keep roaming around the city. But now my strength I keep roaming around the city. But now my strength I keep roaming around the city. But now my strength I am suffocating. [sound of clearing throat] One I am suffocating. [sound of clearing throat] One I am suffocating. [sound of clearing throat] One There is a strange pressure on me. a bit strange There is a strange pressure on me. a bit strange There is a strange pressure on me. a bit strange There is pressure. The pressure to be open-minded. There is pressure. The pressure to be open-minded. There is pressure. The pressure to be open-minded. Is it up to you guys too? I am watching Is it up to you guys too? I am watching Is it up to you guys too? I am watching I am a small minded person, I don't want to keep anyone here. I am a small minded person, I don't want to keep anyone here. I am a small minded person, I don't want to keep anyone here. Are giving. In which I am comfortable. Are giving. In which I am comfortable. Are giving. In which I am comfortable. Which is my comfort zone. You will instantly get points Which is my comfort zone. You will instantly get points Which is my comfort zone. You will instantly get points Will throw you out. Yes. black filth on the mouth Will throw you out. Yes. black filth on the mouth Will throw you out. Yes. black filth on the mouth Will give you someone's thinking, stay away from small things. Will give you someone's thinking, stay away from small things. Will give you someone's thinking, stay away from small things. This is such bad behavior. Yes. These This is such bad behavior. Yes. These This is such bad behavior. Yes. These What shallow behavior. Discrimination What shallow behavior. Discrimination What shallow behavior. Discrimination It is on the basis of thoughts. It is on the basis of thoughts. It is on the basis of thoughts. That someone's thinking is small. On that basis you That someone's thinking is small. On that basis you That someone's thinking is small. On that basis you You are discriminating him. Our You are discriminating him. Our You are discriminating him. Our Side discrimination is easy. We are going Side discrimination is easy. We are going Side discrimination is easy. We are going Let's ask. Disposes instantly, chill with it Disposes instantly, chill with it Disposes instantly, chill with it To do it or not to do it. To do it or not to do it. To do it or not to do it. Here I see people in the big city Here I see people in the big city Here I see people in the big city You are making the vibe match, right? that my vibe You are making the vibe match, right? that my vibe You are making the vibe match, right? that my vibe I will sit with him when the match happens. then I I will sit with him when the match happens. then I I will sit with him when the match happens. then I I will sit with it. How to match the vibe I will sit with it. How to match the vibe I will sit with it. How to match the vibe Brother, am I with anyone? I don't even know Brother, am I with anyone? I don't even know Brother, am I with anyone? I don't even know What's my vibe? [Laughter] What's my vibe? [Laughter] What's my vibe? [Laughter] I look like a secret patient. I look like a secret patient. I look like a secret patient. I don't understand whose vibe I'm matching with. I don't understand whose vibe I'm matching with. I don't understand whose vibe I'm matching with. I am coming. And you know small thinking, right? I am coming. And you know small thinking, right? I am coming. And you know small thinking, right? To the people? Yes. which would have been your first thought To the people? Yes. which would have been your first thought To the people? Yes. which would have been your first thought looking at anything [laughs] looking at anything [laughs] looking at anything [laughs] that good that good that good Three months with him, four months with her Three months with him, four months with her Three months with him, four months with her Then back with him for three months, yes, Then back with him for three months, yes, Then back with him for three months, yes, Your first thought about anything is Your first thought about anything is Your first thought about anything is seeing. But look at how much brain seeing. But look at how much brain seeing. But look at how much brain God made it complicated. How much God made it complicated. How much God made it complicated. How much Beautifully made. When you think and when Beautifully made. When you think and when Beautifully made. When you think and when You say thousands of people in between. You say thousands of people in between. You say thousands of people in between. Processes happen in your brain Processes happen in your brain Processes happen in your brain Inside. First, thought arises in the brain. Inside. First, thought arises in the brain. Inside. First, thought arises in the brain. Then in the language area of ​​the brain, the word Then in the language area of ​​the brain, the word Then in the language area of ​​the brain, the word Are selected. The brain then sends signals Are selected. The brain then sends signals Are selected. The brain then sends signals How will the tongue move? which moves how How will the tongue move? which moves how How will the tongue move? which moves how will be? How will the words be formed? Sentence will be? How will the words be formed? Sentence will be? How will the words be formed? Sentence How the entire speech is planned. And How the entire speech is planned. And How the entire speech is planned. And When you're here thinking, well, three When you're here thinking, well, three When you're here thinking, well, three A month with him, four months with her. These A month with him, four months with her. These A month with him, four months with her. These There are so many processes. When travel There are so many processes. When travel There are so many processes. When travel He does it and when he leaves from here, he does something like this He does it and when he leaves from here, he does something like this He does it and when he leaves from here, he does something like this It is heard that everyone has their own life. Who are we to judge anyone? Who are we to judge anyone? Who are we to judge anyone? Small thinking [laughs] Small thinking [laughs] Small thinking [laughs] And your thinking is small. You don't know And your thinking is small. You don't know And your thinking is small. You don't know Is. People tell this openly and go away. Is. People tell this openly and go away. Is. People tell this openly and go away. As if I had just come to Delhi. My As if I had just come to Delhi. My As if I had just come to Delhi. My The college was in Delhi and I was a student of the college. The college was in Delhi and I was a student of the college. The college was in Delhi and I was a student of the college. I met a girl in my initial days and I met a girl in my initial days and I met a girl in my initial days and We became friends. It's telling everything We became friends. It's telling everything We became friends. It's telling everything About your life till 12th About your life till 12th About your life till 12th He had a very good relationship. Then He had a very good relationship. Then He had a very good relationship. Then She broke up with him before he came to college. She broke up with him before he came to college. She broke up with him before he came to college. Did it. Did it. Did it. I said when we had a good relationship I said when we had a good relationship I said when we had a good relationship Why did you break up? She is saying friend Why did you break up? She is saying friend Why did you break up? She is saying friend The boy was a little too good. The boy was a little too good. The boy was a little too good. I said, meaning he has no one of his own I said, meaning he has no one of his own I said, meaning he has no one of his own There were no opinions. I say left There were no opinions. I say left There were no opinions. I say left So he would have gone left. If I say right So he would have gone left. If I say right So he would have gone left. If I say right It would have been right. like dough It would have been right. like dough It would have been right. like dough Was. Was. Was. You should be molded the way I mold you. You should be molded the way I mold you. You should be molded the way I mold you. used to go. I said you are the best boy. used to go. I said you are the best boy. used to go. I said you are the best boy. So there is the green flag. Say no to green flags So there is the green flag. Say no to green flags So there is the green flag. Say no to green flags It is a dark green flag. [Laughter] It is a dark green flag. [Laughter] It is a dark green flag. [Laughter] Bangladesh And we girls need the green flag too. And we girls need the green flag too. And we girls need the green flag too. Does not happen. What are you saying? say we Does not happen. What are you saying? say we Does not happen. What are you saying? say we People need a little red flag. yes this People need a little red flag. yes this People need a little red flag. yes this There may be some struggle in the relationship, yes There may be some struggle in the relationship, yes There may be some struggle in the relationship, yes I want attention but I am not getting it. I want attention but I am not getting it. I want attention but I am not getting it. [laughter] So they're stealing attention. Yes. Little [laughter] So they're stealing attention. Yes. Little [laughter] So they're stealing attention. Yes. Little Dopamine should be released. Yes. 24 such Dopamine should be released. Yes. 24 such Dopamine should be released. Yes. 24 such I don't need an available rickshaw boy I don't need an available rickshaw boy I don't need an available rickshaw boy Kind. Kind. Kind. Yes, all the boys you have Yes, all the boys you have Yes, all the boys you have I should basically tell the girls that I am a spoiled person. I should basically tell the girls that I am a spoiled person. I should basically tell the girls that I am a spoiled person. I want a boy. which on daily basis I want a boy. which on daily basis I want a boy. which on daily basis Improve little by little. Improve little by little. Improve little by little. So that there is a sense of achievement every day. Yes. So that there is a sense of achievement every day. Yes. So that there is a sense of achievement every day. Yes. What did I do today? If I [ __ ] the nun What did I do today? If I [ __ ] the nun What did I do today? If I [ __ ] the nun Made a little improvement. Made a little improvement. Made a little improvement. You will find a ready-made boy and kick him. You will find a ready-made boy and kick him. You will find a ready-made boy and kick him. She drives me away. People, yes, a spoiled brat She drives me away. People, yes, a spoiled brat She drives me away. People, yes, a spoiled brat Pakadeng will improve it gradually. Daily Pakadeng will improve it gradually. Daily Pakadeng will improve it gradually. Daily Will create small battles. by himself Will create small battles. by himself Will create small battles. by himself If you win, you will become happy yourself. [Laughter] If you win, you will become happy yourself. [Laughter] If you win, you will become happy yourself. [Laughter] Girls have a dating pattern Girls have a dating pattern Girls have a dating pattern Brother. And when that boy is properly dressed like this Brother. And when that boy is properly dressed like this Brother. And when that boy is properly dressed like this Goes over the year. to leave them to someone else Goes over the year. to leave them to someone else Goes over the year. to leave them to someone else He leaves with . [Laughter] He leaves with . [Laughter] He leaves with . [Laughter] This is a dating pattern for girls and This is a dating pattern for girls and This is a dating pattern for girls and I am speaking in defense of that boy. I am speaking in defense of that boy. I am speaking in defense of that boy. I am because I can relate a lot. I am because I can relate a lot. I am because I can relate a lot. I am from that boy. I said, friend, you I am from that boy. I said, friend, you I am from that boy. I said, friend, you How did you let him go? yes so good How did you let him go? yes so good How did you let him go? yes so good The boy was such a perfect boy. Then my The boy was such a perfect boy. Then my The boy was such a perfect boy. Then my A voice comes from inside saying, you idiot. [laughter] This A voice comes from inside saying, you idiot. [laughter] This A voice comes from inside saying, you idiot. [laughter] This This is not the time to defend that boy. This is not the time to defend that boy. This is not the time to defend that boy. This is the time to lend a shoulder, right? [Laughter] This is the time to lend a shoulder, right? [Laughter] This is the time to lend a shoulder, right? [Laughter] And my shoulder was a virgin shoulder at that time. And my shoulder was a virgin shoulder at that time. And my shoulder was a virgin shoulder at that time. No girl had ever cried with her head on it. No girl had ever cried with her head on it. No girl had ever cried with her head on it. Yes. It was only useful for hanging the bag. Yes. It was only useful for hanging the bag. Yes. It was only useful for hanging the bag. Now suddenly a beautiful out of the box girl is coming to this Now suddenly a beautiful out of the box girl is coming to this Now suddenly a beautiful out of the box girl is coming to this She wants to cry by placing her head on it. what evil She wants to cry by placing her head on it. what evil She wants to cry by placing her head on it. what evil Is? [Laughter] Is? [Laughter] Is? [Laughter] And when I spoke in his support, And when I spoke in his support, And when I spoke in his support, I became doubtful about the boy. girls I became doubtful about the boy. girls I became doubtful about the boy. girls After the break, there is a lot of doubtful going around. After the break, there is a lot of doubtful going around. After the break, there is a lot of doubtful going around. Asks for validation from here and there. doubtful Asks for validation from here and there. doubtful Asks for validation from here and there. doubtful That's done. Saying Did I Make a Mistake? That's done. Saying Did I Make a Mistake? That's done. Saying Did I Make a Mistake? My friends also keep saying that you My friends also keep saying that you My friends also keep saying that you I made a mistake by leaving him. did I make a I made a mistake by leaving him. did I make a I made a mistake by leaving him. did I make a Mistake? I said the opportunity is good. [Laughter] Mistake? I said the opportunity is good. [Laughter] Mistake? I said the opportunity is good. [Laughter] You are saying the same thing. Did You are saying the same thing. Did You are saying the same thing. Did Did I make a mistake? I said a girl like Did I make a mistake? I said a girl like Did I make a mistake? I said a girl like You can never make a mistake? I said, Sir, I came here immediately. Yes. I said, Sir, I came here immediately. Yes. I said, Sir, I came here immediately. Yes. Gradually our friendship progressed. Conversation Gradually our friendship progressed. Conversation Gradually our friendship progressed. Conversation Moved ahead. And slowly that friendship grew Moved ahead. And slowly that friendship grew Moved ahead. And slowly that friendship grew She went and converted into such a relationship. These She went and converted into such a relationship. These She went and converted into such a relationship. These The entire story is about that relationship. The entire story is about that relationship. The entire story is about that relationship. It is around. The first phase of a relationship It is around. The first phase of a relationship It is around. The first phase of a relationship Yes, that is fictional fuzz. [laughter] In that Yes, that is fictional fuzz. [laughter] In that Yes, that is fictional fuzz. [laughter] In that You would be roaming around happily like idiots. You would be roaming around happily like idiots. You would be roaming around happily like idiots. Your whole life is ruined. Yes. Your whole life is ruined. Yes. Your whole life is ruined. Yes. But you are having fun. Yes. you all day long But you are having fun. Yes. you all day long But you are having fun. Yes. you all day long You are roaming around happily. hair looking in the mirror You are roaming around happily. hair looking in the mirror You are roaming around happily. hair looking in the mirror You are making it. Yes. [laughter] College 10:00 AM You are making it. Yes. [laughter] College 10:00 AM You are making it. Yes. [laughter] College 10:00 AM You are sitting ready at 6:00. Attendance You are sitting ready at 6:00. Attendance You are sitting ready at 6:00. Attendance 75 is my 750. 75 is my 750. 75 is my 750. You are roaming around happily like a mad person. Yes. You are roaming around happily like a mad person. Yes. You are roaming around happily like a mad person. Yes. [laughter] Yes. Very very fictional face [laughter] Yes. Very very fictional face [laughter] Yes. Very very fictional face It happens brother. A girl comes into your life It happens brother. A girl comes into your life It happens brother. A girl comes into your life Is. 100 bad things start looking good. Is. 100 bad things start looking good. Is. 100 bad things start looking good. Sitting covered with polythene but enjoying it Sitting covered with polythene but enjoying it Sitting covered with polythene but enjoying it Is. [Laughter] Is. [Laughter] Is. [Laughter] It feels like I'm sitting in a golden palace. It feels like I'm sitting in a golden palace. It feels like I'm sitting in a golden palace. You are there. You are there. You are there. A girl is talking to you on the phone all day long. A girl is talking to you on the phone all day long. A girl is talking to you on the phone all day long. Is that Did You Reach Home Safely? yours Is that Did You Reach Home Safely? yours Is that Did You Reach Home Safely? yours Why is fiber intake so low? [Laughter] Why is fiber intake so low? [Laughter] Why is fiber intake so low? [Laughter] Why don't you eat fruits? hey i Why don't you eat fruits? hey i Why don't you eat fruits? hey i I don't eat fruits because fruits are my lunch. I don't eat fruits because fruits are my lunch. I don't eat fruits because fruits are my lunch. It is more expensive than. It is more expensive than. It is more expensive than. In my family, we eat fruits only when we are home. In my family, we eat fruits only when we are home. In my family, we eat fruits only when we are home. There is a story on it. [Laughter] There is a story on it. [Laughter] There is a story on it. [Laughter] I come from such a family, brother, that's why fruits I come from such a family, brother, that's why fruits I come from such a family, brother, that's why fruits I don't eat. And a very out of place girl I don't eat. And a very out of place girl I don't eat. And a very out of place girl Was. Like we used to talk on the phone every day. Was. Like we used to talk on the phone every day. Was. Like we used to talk on the phone every day. I called one day at night. I I called one day at night. I I called one day at night. I I saw songs playing behind, there was noise. I saw songs playing behind, there was noise. I saw songs playing behind, there was noise. There is alcohol and hustle and bustle. I asked what There is alcohol and hustle and bustle. I asked what There is alcohol and hustle and bustle. I asked what Happened? Have you gone out somewhere? Don't say it at home Happened? Have you gone out somewhere? Don't say it at home Happened? Have you gone out somewhere? Don't say it at home Yes I am. Actually it was grandfather's birthday. Yes I am. Actually it was grandfather's birthday. Yes I am. Actually it was grandfather's birthday. So we gave Grandpa a surprise birthday. So we gave Grandpa a surprise birthday. So we gave Grandpa a surprise birthday. The party has been given. Do you understand? What The party has been given. Do you understand? What The party has been given. Do you understand? What Did she come from a family? [Laughter] It was a grandfather's birthday, so he told his grandfather It was a grandfather's birthday, so he told his grandfather It was a grandfather's birthday, so he told his grandfather Has given a surprise to. I am my grandfather Has given a surprise to. I am my grandfather Has given a surprise to. I am my grandfather Should I surprise him? Grandfather will die. Should I surprise him? Grandfather will die. Should I surprise him? Grandfather will die. Now there is nothing left inside grandfather. Yes. Now there is nothing left inside grandfather. Yes. Now there is nothing left inside grandfather. Yes. We keep protecting them. Yes. We keep protecting them. Yes. We keep protecting them. Yes. Just the day before yesterday I washed the dishes in the kitchen. grandfather Sir Just the day before yesterday I washed the dishes in the kitchen. grandfather Sir Just the day before yesterday I washed the dishes in the kitchen. grandfather Sir I peed in my pants. [Laughter] I peed in my pants. [Laughter] I peed in my pants. [Laughter] You think my grandfather's body You think my grandfather's body You think my grandfather's body Will she be able to handle the surprise? His body will be able to withstand Will she be able to handle the surprise? His body will be able to withstand Will she be able to handle the surprise? His body will be able to withstand Surprise yes? I will finish you off, grandfather. Surprise yes? I will finish you off, grandfather. Surprise yes? I will finish you off, grandfather. I know that grandfather has passed away completely. Done I know that grandfather has passed away completely. Done I know that grandfather has passed away completely. Done Happy birthday brother. [Laughter] Happy birthday brother. [Laughter] Happy birthday brother. [Laughter] My thinking is small. [Laughter] My thinking is small. [Laughter] My thinking is small. [Laughter] This girl told me. This girl told me. This girl told me. Yes, I had no idea at all brother. Yes, I had no idea at all brother. Yes, I had no idea at all brother. We were in college. We have a common We were in college. We have a common We were in college. We have a common I was a friend in college. His name was Ishaan. I was a friend in college. His name was Ishaan. I was a friend in college. His name was Ishaan. We had a common friend. common friend We had a common friend. common friend We had a common friend. common friend What was it? He was his friend. [Laughter] What was it? He was his friend. [Laughter] What was it? He was his friend. [Laughter] I had to consider it common. I had to consider it common. I had to consider it common. Let me tell you the truth. My pubic hair was burning Let me tell you the truth. My pubic hair was burning Let me tell you the truth. My pubic hair was burning After seeing him. [Laughter] After seeing him. [Laughter] After seeing him. [Laughter] I was in the process of wrapping up the opportunity I was in the process of wrapping up the opportunity I was in the process of wrapping up the opportunity meet. So we used to hang out together in college. meet. So we used to hang out together in college. meet. So we used to hang out together in college. In. We used to chill together. I mean, these people In. We used to chill together. I mean, these people In. We used to chill together. I mean, these people Used to chill. I used to hang out with them. Used to chill. I used to hang out with them. Used to chill. I used to hang out with them. So I noticed when I came to New Delhi So I noticed when I came to New Delhi So I noticed when I came to New Delhi I was very shy. I noticed that I was very shy. I noticed that I was very shy. I noticed that When college is over, I When college is over, I When college is over, I I am walking away every day holding hands with my girlfriend. I am walking away every day holding hands with my girlfriend. I am walking away every day holding hands with my girlfriend. Am. Am. Am. Every day [sound of clearing throat] I hug Every day [sound of clearing throat] I hug Every day [sound of clearing throat] I hug I am having it with him. I am having it with him. I am having it with him. [Applause] So for the first few days I [Applause] So for the first few days I [Applause] So for the first few days I Ignored it. Yes. What did you ignore? I Ignored it. Yes. What did you ignore? I Ignored it. Yes. What did you ignore? I I cried alone. I cried alone. I cried alone. I was not able to ignore it. This much I was not able to ignore it. This much I was not able to ignore it. This much I am not strong. Then magazine point I am not strong. Then magazine point I am not strong. Then magazine point I gathered courage and said, friend, this is it I gathered courage and said, friend, this is it I gathered courage and said, friend, this is it Not right. So the girl got angry at me. Not right. So the girl got angry at me. Not right. So the girl got angry at me. that one second one second one second you open that one second one second one second you open that one second one second one second you open Are you not minded? Are you not minded? Are you not minded? And I was completely broken from inside brother because And I was completely broken from inside brother because And I was completely broken from inside brother because Where I come from, it's the most open Where I come from, it's the most open Where I come from, it's the most open I am minded. I am minded. I am minded. It is easy to be open minded in a small town. It is easy to be open minded in a small town. It is easy to be open minded in a small town. I am very easy to be open minded. you in the evening I am very easy to be open minded. you in the evening I am very easy to be open minded. you in the evening Wear half pants and go out for a walk. open Wear half pants and go out for a walk. open Wear half pants and go out for a walk. open Minded. Minded. Minded. Here in the big city, people have made it tough. Here in the big city, people have made it tough. Here in the big city, people have made it tough. Is. And God sent that girl. Is. And God sent that girl. Is. And God sent that girl. It was to make me open minded. Our It was to make me open minded. Our It was to make me open minded. Our There was always a fight over this. you so much There was always a fight over this. you so much There was always a fight over this. you so much How can you be narrow minded? How there How can you be narrow minded? How there How can you be narrow minded? How there Can you be so narrow-minded? one day at least Can you be so narrow-minded? one day at least Can you be so narrow-minded? one day at least She started fighting with me that yesterday you filled the metro. She started fighting with me that yesterday you filled the metro. She started fighting with me that yesterday you filled the metro. I called a boy gay. I called a boy gay. I called a boy gay. I said because in the crowded metro I said because in the crowded metro I said because in the crowded metro The boy buried my game. And he didn't even press it with love. yes like And he didn't even press it with love. yes like And he didn't even press it with love. yes like My friends press me. [Laughter] He has pounced. of escaping robbery He has pounced. of escaping robbery He has pounced. of escaping robbery tried. tried. tried. [laughter] I squeezed so hard it hurt my stomach. [laughter] I squeezed so hard it hurt my stomach. [laughter] I squeezed so hard it hurt my stomach. It felt like mine. It felt like mine. It felt like mine. A current ran through my body. saying here A current ran through my body. saying here A current ran through my body. saying here Then you would have abused him. you him Then you would have abused him. you him Then you would have abused him. you him Would have slapped me. But you chose to call him Would have slapped me. But you chose to call him Would have slapped me. But you chose to call him Again. Because you think being gay is a Again. Because you think being gay is a Again. Because you think being gay is a It is an abuse. There is a curse. You know this It is an abuse. There is a curse. You know this It is an abuse. There is a curse. You know this People go through so much trauma. People go through so much trauma. People go through so much trauma. No one wants to be friends with them. These No one wants to be friends with them. These No one wants to be friends with them. These People don't make you feel inclusive. with these People don't make you feel inclusive. with these People don't make you feel inclusive. with these He doesn't get up or sit down. feeling of hatred towards them He doesn't get up or sit down. feeling of hatred towards them He doesn't get up or sit down. feeling of hatred towards them Let's see from. I said this is all mine Let's see from. I said this is all mine Let's see from. I said this is all mine It happens together too. Have I also gone? [laughter] Do you Have I also gone? [laughter] Do you Have I also gone? [laughter] Do you Does all this seem like a joke? you thought you were joking Does all this seem like a joke? you thought you were joking Does all this seem like a joke? you thought you were joking You will never understand their mental trauma. You will never understand their mental trauma. You will never understand their mental trauma. Because you never wanted to be friends with them. Because you never wanted to be friends with them. Because you never wanted to be friends with them. Didn't even try. Is there any home friend? Didn't even try. Is there any home friend? Didn't even try. Is there any home friend? yours? He asked with such authority that yours? He asked with such authority that yours? He asked with such authority that I counted all my friends one by one. I counted all my friends one by one. I counted all my friends one by one. I said what are you talking about? Ravi [laughs] I said what are you talking about? Ravi [laughs] I said what are you talking about? Ravi [laughs] is gay is gay is gay Aadarsh ​​C is Pratik and Vishwas is a lesbian Aadarsh ​​C is Pratik and Vishwas is a lesbian Aadarsh ​​C is Pratik and Vishwas is a lesbian Is Gagan Pandey is a eunuch, are you crazy? Gagan Pandey is a eunuch, are you crazy? Gagan Pandey is a eunuch, are you crazy? yes what [laughter] Are you out of your mind? [laughter] Are you out of your mind? [laughter] Are you out of your mind? It's a joke here, these people are Galesbians. It's a joke here, these people are Galesbians. It's a joke here, these people are Galesbians. No, you call them sweet and sweet. No, you call them sweet and sweet. No, you call them sweet and sweet. So that you can make fun of them. I said So that you can make fun of them. I said So that you can make fun of them. I said What are you talking about? My whole circle What are you talking about? My whole circle What are you talking about? My whole circle Hee is so woke. I know how woke it is Hee is so woke. I know how woke it is Hee is so woke. I know how woke it is Your circle? I remember people went to dinner. Your circle? I remember people went to dinner. Your circle? I remember people went to dinner. Call the waiter with your circle Call the waiter with your circle Call the waiter with your circle Your people are there. [Laughter] Your people are there. [Laughter] Your people are there. [Laughter] After eating, I asked what was for dessert. After eating, I asked what was for dessert. After eating, I asked what was for dessert. Eat? I took out tuberose from your pocket Eat? I took out tuberose from your pocket Eat? I took out tuberose from your pocket with. I said, so what is the problem Rajnigandha? I said, so what is the problem Rajnigandha? I said, so what is the problem Rajnigandha? Its taste is tuberose. Its taste is tuberose. Its taste is tuberose. So your friends also smoke cigarettes. So your friends also smoke cigarettes. So your friends also smoke cigarettes. Are. [sound of clearing throat] Are. [sound of clearing throat] Are. [sound of clearing throat] She hits neat. I say you have to understand this She hits neat. I say you have to understand this She hits neat. I say you have to understand this donkeys donkeys donkeys [sound of clearing throat][laughter] that cigarette [sound of clearing throat][laughter] that cigarette [sound of clearing throat][laughter] that cigarette Drinking is a status symbol. while eating gutkha Drinking is a status symbol. while eating gutkha Drinking is a status symbol. while eating gutkha Is there an address proof? It tells you where you come from? It tells you where you come from? It tells you where you come from? Say we are sitting in such a nice restaurant. Say we are sitting in such a nice restaurant. Say we are sitting in such a nice restaurant. Your friends' phone rang. Vibe Your friends' phone rang. Vibe Your friends' phone rang. Vibe Ruined the entire restaurant. [Laughter] Ruined the entire restaurant. [Laughter] Ruined the entire restaurant. [Laughter] My friends use customized ringtones. My friends use customized ringtones. My friends use customized ringtones. Are. Are. Are. What is the problem with this ringtone? What is the problem with this ringtone? What is the problem with this ringtone? Didn't you hear that tiding ting ringtone? Didn't you hear that tiding ting ringtone? Didn't you hear that tiding ting ringtone? Tuding hello [laughs] Tuding hello [laughs] Tuding hello [laughs] tudding ting tudding hello tudding ting tudding hello tudding ting tudding hello Ting Ting Ting Adarsh ​​ji please pick up your phone Ting Ting Ting Adarsh ​​ji please pick up your phone Ting Ting Ting Adarsh ​​ji please pick up your phone Ideal Best ringtone bro. I am very useless Best ringtone bro. I am very useless Best ringtone bro. I am very useless Why did you feel it? I said very emotional. Why did you feel it? I said very emotional. Why did you feel it? I said very emotional. Always feeling narrow minded in small spaces Always feeling narrow minded in small spaces Always feeling narrow minded in small spaces How can you say what happened, I said when How can you say what happened, I said when How can you say what happened, I said when You have so many problems, my narrow one. You have so many problems, my narrow one. You have so many problems, my narrow one. being minded because of my small space being minded because of my small space being minded because of my small space So why did you come into a relationship with me? So why did you come into a relationship with me? So why did you come into a relationship with me? Let me tell you why did you start all this? Let me tell you why did you start all this? Let me tell you why did you start all this? Why should you even start because you Why should you even start because you Why should you even start because you Shubham started pleading [laughs] Shubham started pleading [laughs] Shubham started pleading [laughs] I rejected you before, yes. I rejected you before, yes. I rejected you before, yes. Then you put a blade on your wrist and send me a photo. Then you put a blade on your wrist and send me a photo. Then you put a blade on your wrist and send me a photo. started started started You are sending your selfie with a harp You are sending your selfie with a harp You are sending your selfie with a harp Then I did not agree that the boy is okay, let's go Then I did not agree that the boy is okay, let's go Then I did not agree that the boy is okay, let's go I will give it a chance and see. small I will give it a chance and see. small I will give it a chance and see. small I can't tolerate your reaction. talk I can't tolerate your reaction. talk I can't tolerate your reaction. talk You start crying over every little thing. look again You start crying over every little thing. look again You start crying over every little thing. look again Started crying. You started crying again. I am emotional Started crying. You started crying again. I am emotional Started crying. You started crying again. I am emotional Was. As soon as you started scolding me. Was. As soon as you started scolding me. Was. As soon as you started scolding me. I had an emotional breakdown. I I had an emotional breakdown. I I had an emotional breakdown. I He started crying softly. it calmed me down He started crying softly. it calmed me down He started crying softly. it calmed me down That sit and don't create a scene. Everybody see That sit and don't create a scene. Everybody see That sit and don't create a scene. Everybody see Don't create a scene. [laughter] As many Don't create a scene. [laughter] As many Don't create a scene. [laughter] As many also people among you in relationship also people among you in relationship also people among you in relationship I give people an advice. a trick I give people an advice. a trick I give people an advice. a trick Let me tell you basically. ever been in a relationship Let me tell you basically. ever been in a relationship Let me tell you basically. ever been in a relationship Your fight starts getting so out of hand that Your fight starts getting so out of hand that Your fight starts getting so out of hand that You don't understand this fight. You don't understand this fight. You don't understand this fight. How to stop it? How to pacify this anger How to stop it? How to pacify this anger How to stop it? How to pacify this anger Let's do? Start shouting loudly that scene Let's do? Start shouting loudly that scene Let's do? Start shouting loudly that scene Don't create, don't create a scene, don't create a scene Don't create, don't create a scene, don't create a scene Don't create, don't create a scene, don't create a scene Create it. Yes. So your partner feels Create it. Yes. So your partner feels Create it. Yes. So your partner feels Hey sisterfucker, a scene is being created. Hey sisterfucker, a scene is being created. Hey sisterfucker, a scene is being created. What? [Laughter] What? [Laughter] What? [Laughter] Then the fights suddenly get diverted. Then the fights suddenly get diverted. Then the fights suddenly get diverted. As soon as it started screaming, I As soon as it started screaming, I As soon as it started screaming, I I became conscious. It made me sit on my I became conscious. It made me sit on my I became conscious. It made me sit on my I did it on my back like dogs do. I did it on my back like dogs do. I did it on my back like dogs do. Are. I opened this purse and found a juice bottle in it. Are. I opened this purse and found a juice bottle in it. Are. I opened this purse and found a juice bottle in it. Took out the bottle. He said, take this and drink it. You will feel Took out the bottle. He said, take this and drink it. You will feel Took out the bottle. He said, take this and drink it. You will feel Better. Better. Better. And I opened the bottle. I was just about to drink. And I opened the bottle. I was just about to drink. And I opened the bottle. I was just about to drink. Then I thought, friend, the girl who is so close to me Then I thought, friend, the girl who is so close to me Then I thought, friend, the girl who is so close to me She hates me, I'm always narrow-minded She hates me, I'm always narrow-minded She hates me, I'm always narrow-minded Small place understands all this on her juice. Small place understands all this on her juice. Small place understands all this on her juice. should not be trusted should not be trusted should not be trusted It could contain anything, yes. It could contain anything, yes. It could contain anything, yes. I said [sound of clearing throat] before I said [sound of clearing throat] before I said [sound of clearing throat] before you drink you drink you drink She became happy and said, look at these small things. She became happy and said, look at these small things. She became happy and said, look at these small things. yours looks good Shivilary yes now how do I tell my Shivilary yes now how do I tell my Shivilary yes now how do I tell my I am saving your life brother, consider this as a shivalry. I am saving your life brother, consider this as a shivalry. I am saving your life brother, consider this as a shivalry. She kept drinking this juice and remained alive, then I She kept drinking this juice and remained alive, then I She kept drinking this juice and remained alive, then I I also drank juice and sugar drinks your anger I also drank juice and sugar drinks your anger I also drank juice and sugar drinks your anger I calm down and I start feeling better I calm down and I start feeling better I calm down and I start feeling better Then she started explaining to me, look this is a Then she started explaining to me, look this is a Then she started explaining to me, look this is a Relationships: This is how we grow as a Relationships: This is how we grow as a Relationships: This is how we grow as a Person na things you don't understand Person na things you don't understand Person na things you don't understand I will explain that to you and the things that I I will explain that to you and the things that I I will explain that to you and the things that I I don't understand that eventually I don't understand that eventually I don't understand that eventually I will figure it out I will figure it out I will figure it out This is how we grow as a person, na maine This is how we grow as a person, na maine This is how we grow as a person, na maine said yes this is how we grow as a person said yes this is how we grow as a person said yes this is how we grow as a person I started to feel better, I realized I started to feel better, I realized I started to feel better, I realized That she does all this for my good. Then That she does all this for my good. Then That she does all this for my good. Then It is evening time and we are sitting like this. It is evening time and we are sitting like this. It is evening time and we are sitting like this. A cool breeze is blowing. the sun is setting A cool breeze is blowing. the sun is setting A cool breeze is blowing. the sun is setting Is. Spending quality time is very important Is. Spending quality time is very important Is. Spending quality time is very important I am feeling good. That's when I saw I am feeling good. That's when I saw I am feeling good. That's when I saw An aunty is leaving. She was from his neighbourhood. An aunty is leaving. She was from his neighbourhood. An aunty is leaving. She was from his neighbourhood. I said, hey, your neighbor aunty I said, hey, your neighbor aunty I said, hey, your neighbor aunty Nor those who are having an affair with someone. Nor those who are having an affair with someone. Nor those who are having an affair with someone. I said it again, friend. Yes. dizzy I said it again, friend. Yes. dizzy I said it again, friend. Yes. dizzy It is not working. She is just exploring It is not working. She is just exploring It is not working. She is just exploring Herself. Herself. Herself. I said but she is also married. I said but she is also married. I said but she is also married. This is not called cheating. say cheating then This is not called cheating. say cheating then This is not called cheating. say cheating then When the husband speaks like a husband When the husband speaks like a husband When the husband speaks like a husband Behave. Her husband is at home half the time. Behave. Her husband is at home half the time. Behave. Her husband is at home half the time. It doesn't come to me. I said because he It doesn't come to me. I said because he It doesn't come to me. I said because he He goes to work. [Laughter] He goes to work. [Laughter] He goes to work. [Laughter] Even when he stays for half the time, their Even when he stays for half the time, their Even when he stays for half the time, their The fight continues. He comes home drunk The fight continues. He comes home drunk The fight continues. He comes home drunk He makes a spectacle. You know one He makes a spectacle. You know one He makes a spectacle. You know one How many problems are there in relationships? How many problems are there in relationships? How many problems are there in relationships? Yes. Not excited about their anniversary Yes. Not excited about their anniversary Yes. Not excited about their anniversary Would. Not excited about his birthday Would. Not excited about his birthday Would. Not excited about his birthday Would. I don't plan trips for them. Would. I don't plan trips for them. Would. I don't plan trips for them. Doesn't plan travel. And she has all the Doesn't plan travel. And she has all the Doesn't plan travel. And she has all the Right to Find That Love in Someone Else. And Right to Find That Love in Someone Else. And Right to Find That Love in Someone Else. And Why are you judging them so much? You Why are you judging them so much? You Why are you judging them so much? You Are you not open minded? Look so far Are you not open minded? Look so far Are you not open minded? Look so far I thought I was very open-minded. I thought I was very open-minded. I thought I was very open-minded. Am. The world just doesn't understand me. Am. The world just doesn't understand me. Am. The world just doesn't understand me. [laughter] Maybe my way of being open-minded. [laughter] Maybe my way of being open-minded. [laughter] Maybe my way of being open-minded. It is different. After this conversation, I was completely It is different. After this conversation, I was completely It is different. After this conversation, I was completely I came down on the ground and thought, sisterfucker, how low I am. I came down on the ground and thought, sisterfucker, how low I am. I came down on the ground and thought, sisterfucker, how low I am. I am a man. that on a woman like a goddess I am a man. that on a woman like a goddess I am a man. that on a woman like a goddess I doubted it. I feel very useless I doubted it. I feel very useless I doubted it. I feel very useless It is installed. I started feeling very bad. It is installed. I started feeling very bad. It is installed. I started feeling very bad. I started feeling very guilty, but very I started feeling very guilty, but very I started feeling very guilty, but very It was an important conversation of my life. It was an important conversation of my life. It was an important conversation of my life. Because after this I came to know that open Because after this I came to know that open Because after this I came to know that open How do you become minded? Tremble How do you become minded? Tremble How do you become minded? Tremble [sound of clearing throat] No. you guys [sound of clearing throat] No. you guys [sound of clearing throat] No. you guys I will also tell you that it is very easy. Look at whatever I will also tell you that it is very easy. Look at whatever I will also tell you that it is very easy. Look at whatever Things seem offensive to you. Out of league Things seem offensive to you. Out of league Things seem offensive to you. Out of league It seems that this is outside my culture. It seems that this is outside my culture. It seems that this is outside my culture. It is a thing of. This is my belief system. It is a thing of. This is my belief system. It is a thing of. This is my belief system. Is against. You adopt him. Yes. Is against. You adopt him. Yes. Is against. You adopt him. Yes. That maybe you are the idiot. So now I open That maybe you are the idiot. So now I open That maybe you are the idiot. So now I open I am becoming minded. Yes. just me I am becoming minded. Yes. just me I am becoming minded. Yes. just me I don't know where to stop. I don't know where to stop. I don't know where to stop. I have become very open minded. Infact I have become very open minded. Infact I have become very open minded. Infact I also have questions for you guys. I also have questions for you guys. I also have questions for you guys. I have brought it prepared. Someone among you I have brought it prepared. Someone among you I have brought it prepared. Someone among you Someone who came from a small town and was quite Someone who came from a small town and was quite Someone who came from a small town and was quite Living in a city bigger than Time. Yes Living in a city bigger than Time. Yes Living in a city bigger than Time. Yes Brother, where are you from? Brother, where are you from? Brother, where are you from? Yumpy? Ok. The way you yumpi Yumpy? Ok. The way you yumpi Yumpy? Ok. The way you yumpi I have said it. I have said it. I have said it. You are from a small town. Ok. None of this You are from a small town. Ok. None of this You are from a small town. Ok. None of this There is no doubt at all. [Laughter] There is no doubt at all. [Laughter] There is no doubt at all. [Laughter] Ok. Someone who wants to beat up Yumpy Ok. Someone who wants to beat up Yumpy Ok. Someone who wants to beat up Yumpy Is? Yes, you tell me brother. Is? Yes, you tell me brother. Is? Yes, you tell me brother. Jhunjhunu [laughs] Jhunjhunu. Jhunjhunu. Jhunjhunu. Jhunjhunu Jhunjhunu Jhunjhunu You have named it yourself, friend. You have named it yourself, friend. You have named it yourself, friend. Do you call it lovingly or Jhunjhunu? Where Do you call it lovingly or Jhunjhunu? Where Do you call it lovingly or Jhunjhunu? Where Do you live here? I live in Jhunjhunu. Ok. from you Do you live here? I live in Jhunjhunu. Ok. from you Do you live here? I live in Jhunjhunu. Ok. from you Let me ask you a question. He has two options. You Let me ask you a question. He has two options. You Let me ask you a question. He has two options. You Tell me what you think is right. Correct? One Tell me what you think is right. Correct? One Tell me what you think is right. Correct? One She is a girl. Ok? There is a girl and she is together She is a girl. Ok? There is a girl and she is together She is a girl. Ok? There is a girl and she is together She is dating two boys. Because She is dating two boys. Because She is dating two boys. Because There are certain qualities you like in a guy. There are certain qualities you like in a guy. There are certain qualities you like in a guy. She is having it. Some qualities in others She is having it. Some qualities in others She is having it. Some qualities in others You are looking good. So right now he's confused You are looking good. So right now he's confused You are looking good. So right now he's confused That's why she is dating both of them simultaneously. That's why she is dating both of them simultaneously. That's why she is dating both of them simultaneously. Is. So tell me if that girl is right. Is. So tell me if that girl is right. Is. So tell me if that girl is right. Or [sound of clearing throat] just your thoughts. Or [sound of clearing throat] just your thoughts. Or [sound of clearing throat] just your thoughts. Is it small? What happened, why did you start peeing? What happened, why did you start peeing? What happened, why did you start peeing? It is a small thought. [laughter] Very, very correct answer. It is a small thought. [laughter] Very, very correct answer. It is a small thought. [laughter] Very, very correct answer. He gave it brother. Ok. [Appreciation] He gave it brother. Ok. [Appreciation] He gave it brother. Ok. [Appreciation] How many years have you been living here? How many years have you been living here? How many years have you been living here? How many years have you been living in Mumbai? How many years have you been living in Mumbai? How many years have you been living in Mumbai? happened? happened? happened? One month. One month. One month. One month. One month. One month. Ok. Ok. You will stay for another year and a half. Ok. Ok. You will stay for another year and a half. Ok. Ok. You will stay for another year and a half. Your diploma will be completed. Open-minded Your diploma will be completed. Open-minded Your diploma will be completed. Open-minded In. Yes. Then you can tell the girl the right thing. In. Yes. Then you can tell the girl the right thing. In. Yes. Then you can tell the girl the right thing. You will be hurt. You will be hurt. You will be hurt. So now I'm much more open-minded. So now I'm much more open-minded. So now I'm much more open-minded. Am. Now I am not on the receiving end. Am. Now I am not on the receiving end. Am. Now I am not on the receiving end. The receiving end is the pay world. [Laughter] The receiving end is the pay world. [Laughter] The receiving end is the pay world. [Laughter] Like I have a friend named Deepanshu. His Like I have a friend named Deepanshu. His Like I have a friend named Deepanshu. His It was a birthday. It was during college time. His It was a birthday. It was during college time. His It was a birthday. It was during college time. His It was a birthday. On his birthday he It was a birthday. On his birthday he It was a birthday. On his birthday he Called friends. school friends, college friends Called friends. school friends, college friends Called friends. school friends, college friends Friends, neighborhood friends. So Deepanshu's Friends, neighborhood friends. So Deepanshu's Friends, neighborhood friends. So Deepanshu's I have friends from all walks of life. That range is mine I have friends from all walks of life. That range is mine I have friends from all walks of life. That range is mine It starts from and goes up like this It starts from and goes up like this It starts from and goes up like this From South Delhi to South Bombay girls From South Delhi to South Bombay girls From South Delhi to South Bombay girls It reaches there. So it was his birthday. He It reaches there. So it was his birthday. He It reaches there. So it was his birthday. He Directly called everyone for clubbing. Now I Directly called everyone for clubbing. Now I Directly called everyone for clubbing. Now I He did not drink or anything else. Me too He did not drink or anything else. Me too He did not drink or anything else. Me too He went away like a fool. Now I am someone He went away like a fool. Now I am someone He went away like a fool. Now I am someone I go to the party. my uncle's I go to the party. my uncle's I go to the party. my uncle's The behavior remains. I will go thought The behavior remains. I will go thought The behavior remains. I will go thought It is Deepanshu's birthday. bless him It is Deepanshu's birthday. bless him It is Deepanshu's birthday. bless him Give. Give. Give. I will taste two or four items. Yes. and 9:30 p.m. I will taste two or four items. Yes. and 9:30 p.m. I will taste two or four items. Yes. and 9:30 p.m. I will do it like this and leave. I have come. people I will do it like this and leave. I have come. people I will do it like this and leave. I have come. people He made me sit. I said I He made me sit. I said I He made me sit. I said I I don't drink. They lamed I don't drink. They lamed I don't drink. They lamed And so on were caught. I sat down with a lemonade And so on were caught. I sat down with a lemonade And so on were caught. I sat down with a lemonade Went. Now those people, his friends, they are enjoying a lot. Went. Now those people, his friends, they are enjoying a lot. Went. Now those people, his friends, they are enjoying a lot. Are doing. Doing dance once. Look now Are doing. Doing dance once. Look now Are doing. Doing dance once. Look now I am very open minded. Any I am very open minded. Any I am very open minded. Any There is no scope for that. Too much open There is no scope for that. Too much open There is no scope for that. Too much open I am minded. But I am still someone I am minded. But I am still someone I am minded. But I am still someone I see the girl with golden hair. I see the girl with golden hair. I see the girl with golden hair. Then my hands and legs start trembling. Then my hands and legs start trembling. Then my hands and legs start trembling. I am not made of the clay that a I am not made of the clay that a I am not made of the clay that a Talking confidently to a Golden Ba girl Talking confidently to a Golden Ba girl Talking confidently to a Golden Ba girl I can get it. There's something here as if everyone I can get it. There's something here as if everyone I can get it. There's something here as if everyone The hair is black. I am enjoying it a lot. The hair is black. I am enjoying it a lot. The hair is black. I am enjoying it a lot. I am feeling very comfortable. I I am feeling very comfortable. I I am feeling very comfortable. I I am feeling very comfortable. I give I am feeling very comfortable. I give I am feeling very comfortable. I give I will dance in front of you for hours. I will dance in front of you for hours. I will dance in front of you for hours. I am feeling so good. But you just now I am feeling so good. But you just now I am feeling so good. But you just now Get up and go like this. Get your hair golden Get up and go like this. Get your hair golden Get up and go like this. Get your hair golden Go. I will start trembling. What should I do? Feet Go. I will start trembling. What should I do? Feet Go. I will start trembling. What should I do? Feet Let me wash you and give you water to drink. I understand Let me wash you and give you water to drink. I understand Let me wash you and give you water to drink. I understand I will not know how to behave brother. I will not know how to behave brother. I will not know how to behave brother. [laughter] It is. And some girls are [laughter] It is. And some girls are [laughter] It is. And some girls are Which gets light highlights done. Which gets light highlights done. Which gets light highlights done. Under confident girls do not talk about them. Under confident girls do not talk about them. Under confident girls do not talk about them. I have been. I have been. I have been. Don't even talk about those who go to the parlor. Don't even talk about those who go to the parlor. Don't even talk about those who go to the parlor. I have been. There are some girls who I have been. There are some girls who I have been. There are some girls who [sound of throat clearing] bucket at home [sound of throat clearing] bucket at home [sound of throat clearing] bucket at home Mixes colors in. Mixes colors in. Mixes colors in. And puts her head in it. [Laughter] And puts her head in it. [Laughter] And puts her head in it. [Laughter] Do you understand how many golden balls there are? Imagine Do you understand how many golden balls there are? Imagine Do you understand how many golden balls there are? Imagine Are you guys able to do it? So at that party Are you guys able to do it? So at that party Are you guys able to do it? So at that party Was also a Golden Ball girl. Deepanshu's Was also a Golden Ball girl. Deepanshu's Was also a Golden Ball girl. Deepanshu's It seemed very close. Both danced once. It seemed very close. Both danced once. It seemed very close. Both danced once. Were living. Was enjoying. I sit my Were living. Was enjoying. I sit my Were living. Was enjoying. I sit my I was watching these people with the laminate. enjoy I was watching these people with the laminate. enjoy I was watching these people with the laminate. enjoy I was doing it too. Then I saw that the I was doing it too. Then I saw that the I was doing it too. Then I saw that the The golden boy girl whispered in Deepanshu's ear. The golden boy girl whispered in Deepanshu's ear. The golden boy girl whispered in Deepanshu's ear. Said something. Pointed towards me. And then he Said something. Pointed towards me. And then he Said something. Pointed towards me. And then he She started walking fast towards me. I She started walking fast towards me. I She started walking fast towards me. I I looked back and saw a wall. [Laughter] So the reference is towards me only. So I understand So the reference is towards me only. So I understand So the reference is towards me only. So I understand I didn't know what to do. I quickly I didn't know what to do. I quickly I didn't know what to do. I quickly picking. I took out my wallet and put it in my front pocket. picking. I took out my wallet and put it in my front pocket. picking. I took out my wallet and put it in my front pocket. I kept it. I kept it. I kept it. Oh, I can't trust this girl. Oh, I can't trust this girl. Oh, I can't trust this girl. Yes, he is a thief, he is a pickpocket. [Laughter] Yes, he is a thief, he is a pickpocket. [Laughter] Yes, he is a thief, he is a pickpocket. [Laughter] I see a suspicious person. I see a suspicious person. I see a suspicious person. Let me hide my wallet first. [laughter] So Let me hide my wallet first. [laughter] So Let me hide my wallet first. [laughter] So Take out your wallet and put it in your front pocket. Take out your wallet and put it in your front pocket. Take out your wallet and put it in your front pocket. I took it and in the other hand I punched it. I took it and in the other hand I punched it. I took it and in the other hand I punched it. Made it. Made it. Made it. And it's coming fast. I am thinking And it's coming fast. I am thinking And it's coming fast. I am thinking What will the conversation be? She's coming very close What will the conversation be? She's coming very close What will the conversation be? She's coming very close Is. And I'm slowly raising my hand Is. And I'm slowly raising my hand Is. And I'm slowly raising my hand Whatever she says, I will attack her directly. Whatever she says, I will attack her directly. Whatever she says, I will attack her directly. Because I feel like he's coming to attack. Because I feel like he's coming to attack. Because I feel like he's coming to attack. Has been. And as she started coming closer. They Has been. And as she started coming closer. They Has been. And as she started coming closer. They She came closer to me saying Hi Shubham. She came closer to me saying Hi Shubham. She came closer to me saying Hi Shubham. Gave a tight hug. And I'm completely defused Gave a tight hug. And I'm completely defused Gave a tight hug. And I'm completely defused It happened in front of him. I hung like a corpse It happened in front of him. I hung like a corpse It happened in front of him. I hung like a corpse On top of that. [laughter] And then my compliments On top of that. [laughter] And then my compliments On top of that. [laughter] And then my compliments Bridges started coming. Shubham, you do stand-up. Bridges started coming. Shubham, you do stand-up. Bridges started coming. Shubham, you do stand-up. Deepanshu told me about you. It Deepanshu told me about you. It Deepanshu told me about you. It It's So Good That People Like You Are Following It's So Good That People Like You Are Following It's So Good That People Like You Are Following Their passion. It was so nice of you to say Their passion. It was so nice of you to say Their passion. It was so nice of you to say Together. Even I wanted to try something out Together. Even I wanted to try something out Together. Even I wanted to try something out Out of the box. Yes. But we cannot do it Out of the box. Yes. But we cannot do it Out of the box. Yes. But we cannot do it are. We got stuck in 9 to 5. a rat are. We got stuck in 9 to 5. a rat are. We got stuck in 9 to 5. a rat Stuck in the race. Too much to get out of here Stuck in the race. Too much to get out of here Stuck in the race. Too much to get out of here It is difficult. I am from all over India It is difficult. I am from all over India It is difficult. I am from all over India Wanted to open a chain of makeup brands. Wanted to open a chain of makeup brands. Wanted to open a chain of makeup brands. But we are not able to do it. but you But we are not able to do it. but you But we are not able to do it. but you I see it and get very inspired. Very I see it and get very inspired. Very I see it and get very inspired. Very I get motivated that someone has his passion. I get motivated that someone has his passion. I get motivated that someone has his passion. I am following and at that time I made a video I am following and at that time I made a video I am following and at that time I made a video etc. were also not included. when I was in college etc. were also not included. when I was in college etc. were also not included. when I was in college When I had just started, I had so much experience in this art. When I had just started, I had so much experience in this art. When I had just started, I had so much experience in this art. She was a big supporter and she was happy with this. She was a big supporter and she was happy with this. She was a big supporter and she was happy with this. I thought, at least he is trying something. He I thought, at least he is trying something. He I thought, at least he is trying something. He You didn't even see how much I laugh. Understanding You didn't even see how much I laugh. Understanding You didn't even see how much I laugh. Understanding had been? [sound of clearing throat] very had been? [sound of clearing throat] very had been? [sound of clearing throat] very Became happier. First time I stand Became happier. First time I stand Became happier. First time I stand Someone made me feel so good about you. Someone made me feel so good about you. Someone made me feel so good about you. I started feeling very good. I am very I started feeling very good. I am very I started feeling very good. I am very I started feeling warm. Then Deepanshu came. We I started feeling warm. Then Deepanshu came. We I started feeling warm. Then Deepanshu came. We All three started talking. Then this golden All three started talking. Then this golden All three started talking. Then this golden Ba girl called. This is for 2 minutes Ba girl called. This is for 2 minutes Ba girl called. This is for 2 minutes Went out. And I called Deepanshu Went out. And I called Deepanshu Went out. And I called Deepanshu [sound of throat clearing] told him that brother This golden boy girl of yours is so perfect. This golden boy girl of yours is so perfect. This golden boy girl of yours is so perfect. Buddy. He is saying, brother, are you an idiot? Since when Buddy. He is saying, brother, are you an idiot? Since when Buddy. He is saying, brother, are you an idiot? Since when This is the Golden Boy Girl Golden Boy Girl This is the Golden Boy Girl Golden Boy Girl This is the Golden Boy Girl Golden Boy Girl He is speaking. This is blonde. [Laughter] He is speaking. This is blonde. [Laughter] He is speaking. This is blonde. [Laughter] Now watch out if I don't stay open minded. Now watch out if I don't stay open minded. Now watch out if I don't stay open minded. Yes, I would also say that yes brother is blonde. Yes, I would also say that yes brother is blonde. Yes, I would also say that yes brother is blonde. These. But as he said, I got angry. These. But as he said, I got angry. These. But as he said, I got angry. I have arrived. I said Deepanshu, any girl younger I have arrived. I said Deepanshu, any girl younger I have arrived. I said Deepanshu, any girl younger Wears clothes. Wears clothes. Wears clothes. She talks to everyone with a smile. She talks to everyone with a smile. She talks to everyone with a smile. The one whom the heart embraces The one whom the heart embraces The one whom the heart embraces So he is bloody That is not blood, Deepanshu yes That is not blood, Deepanshu yes That is not blood, Deepanshu yes Blondes are everybody [laughs]. Blondes are everybody [laughs]. Blondes are everybody [laughs]. who consider such girls to be blondes who consider such girls to be blondes who consider such girls to be blondes We're All Blondes We Just Sell Different We're All Blondes We Just Sell Different We're All Blondes We Just Sell Different Parts of Our Bodies Blood is just a profession. The idiot is saying that hair is of black colour. The idiot is saying that hair is of black colour. The idiot is saying that hair is of black colour. Of. [Laughter] I said [ __ ] I said [ __ ] I said [ __ ] I narrowly escaped. Yes. You understand I narrowly escaped. Yes. You understand I narrowly escaped. Yes. You understand What a close encounter this was. [laughter] Okay. What a close encounter this was. [laughter] Okay. What a close encounter this was. [laughter] Okay. That girl didn't have burgundy done. That girl didn't have burgundy done. That girl didn't have burgundy done. My game was over [laughs] at that time brother. Me My game was over [laughs] at that time brother. Me My game was over [laughs] at that time brother. Me Why did it feel so useless? I feel very guilty Why did it feel so useless? I feel very guilty Why did it feel so useless? I feel very guilty I feel like I am open from the top. I feel like I am open from the top. I feel like I am open from the top. I have become minded. But inside I I have become minded. But inside I I have become minded. But inside I I am still very hollow. I have a lot of I am still very hollow. I have a lot of I am still very hollow. I have a lot of Things need to be learned. I am very Things need to be learned. I am very Things need to be learned. I am very I became conscious. I went home and the party was over. I became conscious. I went home and the party was over. I became conscious. I went home and the party was over. But this thing kept going on in my mind. But this thing kept going on in my mind. But this thing kept going on in my mind. Next day I went to college and called my girlfriend Next day I went to college and called my girlfriend Next day I went to college and called my girlfriend Told everything. And some things would happen Told everything. And some things would happen Told everything. And some things would happen are what you tell someone. And as soon as I tell you are what you tell someone. And as soon as I tell you are what you tell someone. And as soon as I tell you I realise that it's [ __ ]. This should not be told. because like This should not be told. because like This should not be told. because like I told her and she ran to bite me. I told her and she ran to bite me. I told her and she ran to bite me. Is. Yes. Dude, are you crazy? These Is. Yes. Dude, are you crazy? These Is. Yes. Dude, are you crazy? These You don't know all the basic things. You don't know all the basic things. You don't know all the basic things. Blonde is a profession. [Laughter] Blonde is a profession. [Laughter] Blonde is a profession. [Laughter] When will you learn all this, friend? been for two years When will you learn all this, friend? been for two years When will you learn all this, friend? been for two years You live here in the big city. all these things You live here in the big city. all these things You live here in the big city. all these things I don't know you. You come everywhere with your nose cut off I don't know you. You come everywhere with your nose cut off I don't know you. You come everywhere with your nose cut off Are you leaving me? She is talking and shouting Are you leaving me? She is talking and shouting Are you leaving me? She is talking and shouting It is upon me. Then he realized that he had made a mistake It is upon me. Then he realized that he had made a mistake It is upon me. Then he realized that he had made a mistake It belongs to him. Are you saying you know what? I think It belongs to him. Are you saying you know what? I think It belongs to him. Are you saying you know what? I think It is my fault. Maybe I got you right It is my fault. Maybe I got you right It is my fault. Maybe I got you right Was not treated properly. you small town Was not treated properly. you small town Was not treated properly. you small town You come from But I am from a big city. You come from But I am from a big city. You come from But I am from a big city. You will come from your mother's womb with some knowledge. You will come from your mother's womb with some knowledge. You will come from your mother's womb with some knowledge. All this. My responsibility is to you All this. My responsibility is to you All this. My responsibility is to you Teach all this. your [ __ ] ups are my [ __ ] Teach all this. your [ __ ] ups are my [ __ ] Teach all this. your [ __ ] ups are my [ __ ] Ups. Your mistakes are my mistakes. Ups. Your mistakes are my mistakes. Ups. Your mistakes are my mistakes. I said yes. I said yes. I said yes. Someone wants to take the blame on himself. Brother Someone wants to take the blame on himself. Brother Someone wants to take the blame on himself. Brother I picked it up completely and kept it aside. [laughter] Then I picked it up completely and kept it aside. [laughter] Then I picked it up completely and kept it aside. [laughter] Then He began to explain to me that you know what I will He began to explain to me that you know what I will He began to explain to me that you know what I will Change you. I'll show you the ways here Change you. I'll show you the ways here Change you. I'll show you the ways here I will teach you. I will introduce you to my friends. We I will teach you. I will introduce you to my friends. We I will teach you. I will introduce you to my friends. We People will chill and go clubbing regularly. People will chill and go clubbing regularly. People will chill and go clubbing regularly. Now the relationship has reached a good stage. Now the relationship has reached a good stage. Now the relationship has reached a good stage. Was. She was also very serious. Me too Was. She was also very serious. Me too Was. She was also very serious. Me too It was very serious. And with time I It was very serious. And with time I It was very serious. And with time I I realized there was a huge gap. I realized there was a huge gap. I realized there was a huge gap. In me and in him because my friend In me and in him because my friend In me and in him because my friend In the circle you saw that the waiter was In the circle you saw that the waiter was In the circle you saw that the waiter was Friends who call with tuberose in their pockets Friends who call with tuberose in their pockets Friends who call with tuberose in their pockets friends who travel but his friend circle friends who travel but his friend circle friends who travel but his friend circle In In In lesbians were lesbians were lesbians were And he never told me because And he never told me because And he never told me because It is common for him. It is a very normal thing It is common for him. It is a very normal thing It is common for him. It is a very normal thing For him. It is a festival for me. This is a very big festival. I take leave This is a very big festival. I take leave This is a very big festival. I take leave I can go home for this. [Laughter] He told me the guest list and told me that I He told me the guest list and told me that I He told me the guest list and told me that I I am leaving. You are walking. one of mine I am leaving. You are walking. one of mine I am leaving. You are walking. one of mine Friend, Sonam is coming. And one of his also Friend, Sonam is coming. And one of his also Friend, Sonam is coming. And one of his also A friend is coming. I am happy brother. That A friend is coming. I am happy brother. That A friend is coming. I am happy brother. That Three girls and I alone in my circle Three girls and I alone in my circle Three girls and I alone in my circle 75% of the girls have never been there brother. 75% of the girls have never been there brother. 75% of the girls have never been there brother. 75% of girls have never been 75% of girls have never been 75% of girls have never been ever We went clubbing and got too nervous. We went clubbing and got too nervous. We went clubbing and got too nervous. I was thinking how I would break the ice which Sonam would do. I was thinking how I would break the ice which Sonam would do. I was thinking how I would break the ice which Sonam would do. She was a friend and she broke the ice. She was a friend and she broke the ice. She was a friend and she broke the ice. It is very easy to do it through stand up. It is very easy to do it through stand up. It is very easy to do it through stand up. Breaking it, you just ask the comic Breaking it, you just ask the comic Breaking it, you just ask the comic How much money do you earn and they start crying How much money do you earn and they start crying How much money do you earn and they start crying So easily the ice breaks, he ice So easily the ice breaks, he ice So easily the ice breaks, he ice We did breaks etc., we were a little jailed like this. We did breaks etc., we were a little jailed like this. We did breaks etc., we were a little jailed like this. They upgraded it and then they started ordering. They upgraded it and then they started ordering. They upgraded it and then they started ordering. Started eating and drinking and ordering Started eating and drinking and ordering Started eating and drinking and ordering When I started doing it, I folded my hands. When I started doing it, I folded my hands. When I started doing it, I folded my hands. that friend I don't drink so you that friend I don't drink so you that friend I don't drink so you People should keep it a little non-alcoholic for me. People should keep it a little non-alcoholic for me. People should keep it a little non-alcoholic for me. Do whatever you want for yourself, Sonam. Do whatever you want for yourself, Sonam. Do whatever you want for yourself, Sonam. She was that type of girl, those are the types of girls. She was that type of girl, those are the types of girls. She was that type of girl, those are the types of girls. No, when I talk, I feel like crying No, when I talk, I feel like crying No, when I talk, I feel like crying Will take now Will take now Will take now That come on friend come on friend come on friend [laughter] You didn't drink, [laughter] You didn't drink, [laughter] You didn't drink, The party is organized for you all night long The party is organized for you all night long The party is organized for you all night long We do all this for you. We do all this for you. We do all this for you. Don't put restrictions on yourself while you live Don't put restrictions on yourself while you live Don't put restrictions on yourself while you live Lose yourself, forget who you were Lose yourself, forget who you were Lose yourself, forget who you were This is New You Pujari 2.0 I created a new version. How I created a new version. How I created a new version. How Don't worry? We are not doing anything wrong like this Don't worry? We are not doing anything wrong like this Don't worry? We are not doing anything wrong like this do. We Will Start With Something Light do. We Will Start With Something Light do. We Will Start With Something Light And then we'll see where it goes. [Laughter] So they ordered cocktails and So they ordered cocktails and So they ordered cocktails and Coconut water was available. It was drinkable, Coconut water was available. It was drinkable, Coconut water was available. It was drinkable, Coconut water was mixed in it. how do I know Coconut water was mixed in it. how do I know Coconut water was mixed in it. how do I know All this? Because as soon as these people All this? Because as soon as these people All this? Because as soon as these people I ordered that part and the tender started dancing. I ordered that part and the tender started dancing. I ordered that part and the tender started dancing. He went in front of us. [Laughter] He went in front of us. [Laughter] He went in front of us. [Laughter] He is tossing the coconut, breaking it, He is tossing the coconut, breaking it, He is tossing the coconut, breaking it, Used to be. The coconut is tossing and breaking, Used to be. The coconut is tossing and breaking, Used to be. The coconut is tossing and breaking, Is putting. I said, sisterfucker, go inside. Is putting. I said, sisterfucker, go inside. Is putting. I said, sisterfucker, go inside. Make it, friend. Make it, friend. Make it, friend. Why is everything happening in front of me [laughs] Why is everything happening in front of me [laughs] Why is everything happening in front of me [laughs] Some? I bought a cocktail from the cart Some? I bought a cocktail from the cart Some? I bought a cocktail from the cart What? What? What? The big glass is for ₹30. The big glass is for ₹30. The big glass is for ₹30. Splashes are falling on my face. Yes. Splashes are falling on my face. Yes. Splashes are falling on my face. Yes. The cocktail arrived. It was drinkable. Until I had a The cocktail arrived. It was drinkable. Until I had a The cocktail arrived. It was drinkable. Until I had a These girls had drunk three or four drinks each. These girls had drunk three or four drinks each. These girls had drunk three or four drinks each. I drank it repeatedly. Now I see I drank it repeatedly. Now I see I drank it repeatedly. Now I see I have been here for half an hour. in the group I have been here for half an hour. in the group I have been here for half an hour. in the group Something has started happening. girls Something has started happening. girls Something has started happening. girls It is a little bit down. every little thing It is a little bit down. every little thing It is a little bit down. every little thing She is celebrating. every little thing She is celebrating. every little thing She is celebrating. every little thing Celebrating things. To the Night Va Celebrating things. To the Night Va Celebrating things. To the Night Va Celebrated it the same night. Celebrated it the same night. Celebrated it the same night. To the place that Jhatu celebrates the place To the place that Jhatu celebrates the place To the place that Jhatu celebrates the place Gave. [Laughter] Gave. [Laughter] Gave. [Laughter] To the New Guy. To the New Guy. To the New Guy. Made me celebrate. [Laughter] Now I also try to match their energy. Now I also try to match their energy. Now I also try to match their energy. I am doing it. Because I only had one drink I am doing it. Because I only had one drink I am doing it. Because I only had one drink I took it and I didn't get drunk at all. I took it and I didn't get drunk at all. I took it and I didn't get drunk at all. I don't want to show it even a little bit I don't want to show it even a little bit I don't want to show it even a little bit that their party is extremely boring and nonsense that their party is extremely boring and nonsense that their party is extremely boring and nonsense Is. [laughs] I'm shaking a little bit. Is. [laughs] I'm shaking a little bit. Is. [laughs] I'm shaking a little bit. And I'm wondering how long And I'm wondering how long And I'm wondering how long Girls will keep faking. Now our people Girls will keep faking. Now our people Girls will keep faking. Now our people The time has come. The time has come. The time has come. Whatever one does in a party, Whatever one does in a party, Whatever one does in a party, If you are having eye contact with someone else, then do all this. If you are having eye contact with someone else, then do all this. If you are having eye contact with someone else, then do all this. I am giving it. [Laughter] I am giving it. [Laughter] I am giving it. [Laughter] [applause] [cheering voice] [applause] [cheering voice] [applause] [cheering voice] Whatever happens, it's all yours Whatever happens, it's all yours Whatever happens, it's all yours I have gone proper after watching YouTube videos I have gone proper after watching YouTube videos I have gone proper after watching YouTube videos How do you live [laughs]. How do you live [laughs]. How do you live [laughs]. And then suddenly Sonam looked at me happily and said wow. And then suddenly Sonam looked at me happily and said wow. And then suddenly Sonam looked at me happily and said wow. You are having fun, no, we order beer. You are having fun, no, we order beer. You are having fun, no, we order beer. I said yes, order it, definitely order it, those people I said yes, order it, definitely order it, those people I said yes, order it, definitely order it, those people I ordered beer and it came in a bucket like this I ordered beer and it came in a bucket like this I ordered beer and it came in a bucket like this having a beer [sound of clearing throat] and having a beer [sound of clearing throat] and having a beer [sound of clearing throat] and Now I have opened each lid in front of everyone. Now I have opened each lid in front of everyone. Now I have opened each lid in front of everyone. I went with a cocktail mentality. I went with a cocktail mentality. I went with a cocktail mentality. I picked up a bottle and took a sip. I picked up a bottle and took a sip. I picked up a bottle and took a sip. people are among you who have ever people are among you who have ever people are among you who have ever I haven't even tasted many beers. I haven't even tasted many beers. I haven't even tasted many beers. People did not test, I will tell you guys People did not test, I will tell you guys People did not test, I will tell you guys Tell me not to test at all. Tell me not to test at all. Tell me not to test at all. should [laughs] should [laughs] should [laughs] Because as soon as I took the first bite Because as soon as I took the first bite Because as soon as I took the first bite I said, sisterfucker, I asked for your mouth. I said, sisterfucker, I asked for your mouth. I said, sisterfucker, I asked for your mouth. These people. These people. These people. My whole body started trembling, brother. Yes. it seems like My whole body started trembling, brother. Yes. it seems like My whole body started trembling, brother. Yes. it seems like I have come home to pee. [Laughter] I have come home to pee. [Laughter] I have come home to pee. [Laughter] Yes. I noticed I noticed I noticed that there is absolutely no trace of these girls' faces that there is absolutely no trace of these girls' faces that there is absolutely no trace of these girls' faces There is no wrinkle while drinking it. so me There is no wrinkle while drinking it. so me There is no wrinkle while drinking it. so me I had a little doubt, friend [laughs]. I had a little doubt, friend [laughs]. I had a little doubt, friend [laughs]. That I am a real man. If I use this That I am a real man. If I use this That I am a real man. If I use this I am not able to bear the taste, so this I am not able to bear the taste, so this I am not able to bear the taste, so this The girls should have fallen by now. The girls should have fallen by now. The girls should have fallen by now. So do you guys understand what this means? Its So do you guys understand what this means? Its So do you guys understand what this means? Its This means that the bottle that I have This means that the bottle that I have This means that the bottle that I have It is expired. It is expired. It is expired. I cracked it right. Yes, right crack. I cracked it right. Yes, right crack. I cracked it right. Yes, right crack. Did. Open end shirt case. So I thought Did. Open end shirt case. So I thought Did. Open end shirt case. So I thought How will you verify this? Own How will you verify this? Own How will you verify this? Own I pick up the bottle containing the girlfriend. Test I pick up the bottle containing the girlfriend. Test I pick up the bottle containing the girlfriend. Test I do. If the same test is coming then understand I do. If the same test is coming then understand I do. If the same test is coming then understand I will go. So I looked into his eyes I will go. So I looked into his eyes I will go. So I looked into his eyes Smiling at this. picked up his bottle and Smiling at this. picked up his bottle and Smiling at this. picked up his bottle and Took a sip. I was very happy and said wow how Took a sip. I was very happy and said wow how Took a sip. I was very happy and said wow how Romantic. I said, of course, yes [laughs]. I said, of course, yes [laughs]. I said, of course, yes [laughs]. Only girls like petty things Only girls like petty things Only girls like petty things yes brother yes brother yes brother You can spoil their food, yes [laughs]. You can spoil their food, yes [laughs]. You can spoil their food, yes [laughs]. Feed one more before eating it yourself. Feed one more before eating it yourself. Feed one more before eating it yourself. I don't know how people will say that they will fall there. I don't know how people will say that they will fall there. I don't know how people will say that they will fall there. That girls have become very high maintenance That girls have become very high maintenance That girls have become very high maintenance Is. I don't understand how people talk Is. I don't understand how people talk Is. I don't understand how people talk Come. I think 3 feet of bare minimum Come. I think 3 feet of bare minimum Come. I think 3 feet of bare minimum They want the things below. They want the things below. They want the things below. You make them do shopping worth Rs 500 in your name. You make them do shopping worth Rs 500 in your name. You make them do shopping worth Rs 500 in your name. You will forget. Own You will forget. Own You will forget. Own [sound of throat clearing] taking off the T-shirt [sound of throat clearing] taking off the T-shirt [sound of throat clearing] taking off the T-shirt Give it to me. Yes, you will go crazy. Give it to me. Yes, you will go crazy. Give it to me. Yes, you will go crazy. Crazy [sound of clearing throat] Crazy [sound of clearing throat] Crazy [sound of clearing throat] Will go. I will get your name engraved. Will go. I will get your name engraved. Will go. I will get your name engraved. See how crazy girls get. See how crazy girls get. See how crazy girls get. Regarding the T-shirt. Yes, I like your T-shirt Regarding the T-shirt. Yes, I like your T-shirt Regarding the T-shirt. Yes, I like your T-shirt Needed I want a T-shirt. me tshirt Needed I want a T-shirt. me tshirt Needed I want a T-shirt. me tshirt Needed Hey, I have four of them, brother. Where can I get the T-shirt from? Where can I get the T-shirt from? Where can I get the T-shirt from? I picked up the kitchen cleaning t-shirt I picked up the kitchen cleaning t-shirt I picked up the kitchen cleaning t-shirt Gave it. Gave it. Gave it. Even in that she is lying that wow it smells like Even in that she is lying that wow it smells like Even in that she is lying that wow it smells like you are I am smelling like turmeric. [Laughter] I can smell the chutney inside me. What? Lie I can smell the chutney inside me. What? Lie I can smell the chutney inside me. What? Lie So don't talk to me. So don't talk to me. So don't talk to me. So I picked up the bottle and tasted it. Beans So I picked up the bottle and tasted it. Beans So I picked up the bottle and tasted it. Beans It's a test. [Laughter] It's a test. [Laughter] It's a test. [Laughter] I understood that this is an acquired taste. These I understood that this is an acquired taste. These I understood that this is an acquired taste. These People have been drinking it for a long time, so it People have been drinking it for a long time, so it People have been drinking it for a long time, so it I am able to drink. If I took another sip I am able to drink. If I took another sip I am able to drink. If I took another sip Then I will vomit. And whatever I have Then I will vomit. And whatever I have Then I will vomit. And whatever I have I have built my own by doing everything. Yes I I have built my own by doing everything. Yes I I have built my own by doing everything. Yes I [laughter] I'll vomit on him. Now the night has become long. Yes. As long as the cocktail Now the night has become long. Yes. As long as the cocktail Now the night has become long. Yes. As long as the cocktail The game was in my court. Now the beer has arrived. The game was in my court. Now the beer has arrived. The game was in my court. Now the beer has arrived. Now I can't even refuse. are understanding Now I can't even refuse. are understanding Now I can't even refuse. are understanding yes? A human being, a man, can never know all these things. yes? A human being, a man, can never know all these things. yes? A human being, a man, can never know all these things. Can't even refuse. I can't speak Can't even refuse. I can't speak Can't even refuse. I can't speak That I don't like the taste. Me That I don't like the taste. Me That I don't like the taste. Me Give me pink underwear. I can't do all this. Give me pink underwear. I can't do all this. Give me pink underwear. I can't do all this. Do you understand? Do you understand? Do you understand? I will be looked upon with great respect. I will be looked upon with great respect. I will be looked upon with great respect. Now I realized I would have to use some trick. Now I realized I would have to use some trick. Now I realized I would have to use some trick. I saw number five, these guys back. I saw number five, these guys back. I saw number five, these guys back. Got absorbed in the conversation and disappeared. I Got absorbed in the conversation and disappeared. I Got absorbed in the conversation and disappeared. I See, this is a good opportunity. I picked up the bottle and threw it away See, this is a good opportunity. I picked up the bottle and threw it away See, this is a good opportunity. I picked up the bottle and threw it away Celebrate [sound of clearing throat] Celebrate [sound of clearing throat] Celebrate [sound of clearing throat] Did it. I said to the night. They Did it. I said to the night. They Did it. I said to the night. They And the eyes of all three girls sparkled. And the eyes of all three girls sparkled. And the eyes of all three girls sparkled. Because I am a student of these people. Because I am a student of these people. Because I am a student of these people. The eyes of all three sparkled. wow look who is The eyes of all three sparkled. wow look who is The eyes of all three sparkled. wow look who is Having fun, I said, Having fun, I said, Having fun, I said, And carrying the bottle, he swerved towards the dander And carrying the bottle, he swerved towards the dander And carrying the bottle, he swerved towards the dander I went and said, brother [laughs] there's sugar in it. I went and said, brother [laughs] there's sugar in it. I went and said, brother [laughs] there's sugar in it. Get it together friend Get it together friend Get it together friend I can't drink [laughs]. I can't drink [laughs]. I can't drink [laughs]. add some sugar add some sugar add some sugar [laughter] Have you given it, brother? I said one second one second one second I said one second one second one second I said one second one second one second you would abuse me you would abuse me you would abuse me you would have slapped me you would have slapped me you would have slapped me But you chose to call me gay because you But you chose to call me gay because you But you chose to call me gay because you It seems being gay is an insult, a curse if It seems being gay is an insult, a curse if It seems being gay is an insult, a curse if Get out you bastard, don't talk nonsense Get out you bastard, don't talk nonsense Get out you bastard, don't talk nonsense We don't have sugar, I said. We don't have sugar, I said. We don't have sugar, I said. Put Gulab Jamun inside it, friend. Put Gulab Jamun inside it, friend. Put Gulab Jamun inside it, friend. No Rasmalai left inside it, yes [laughs] No Rasmalai left inside it, yes [laughs] No Rasmalai left inside it, yes [laughs] There is still some left that is drinkable. He chased him away. I came to the table disappointed He chased him away. I came to the table disappointed He chased him away. I came to the table disappointed I sat down. [Laughter] I sat down. [Laughter] I sat down. [Laughter] Then Sonam and her friend got up. Both DJs Then Sonam and her friend got up. Both DJs Then Sonam and her friend got up. Both DJs Went to. Both of them changed the music sense. Went to. Both of them changed the music sense. Went to. Both of them changed the music sense. Got it done. Got some lighting changes done. Got it done. Got some lighting changes done. Got it done. Got some lighting changes done. Both of them started dancing. both each other Both of them started dancing. both each other Both of them started dancing. both each other Started coming near. And I, my girlfriend Started coming near. And I, my girlfriend Started coming near. And I, my girlfriend I am sitting and watching. both of each other I am sitting and watching. both of each other I am sitting and watching. both of each other Started coming closer. Both are hairy Started coming closer. Both are hairy Started coming closer. Both are hairy Started touching. Started touching. Started touching. And until I understand myself Both of these Both of these Both of these I kissed you, friend. and mine and my I kissed you, friend. and mine and my I kissed you, friend. and mine and my The girlfriend had the same reaction. This The girlfriend had the same reaction. This The girlfriend had the same reaction. This Bola va u go girls. And mine was, hey Bola va u go girls. And mine was, hey Bola va u go girls. And mine was, hey Sisterfucker What did these people do? [Laughter] What did these people do? [Laughter] What did these people do? [Laughter] What if her boyfriend finds out? What if her boyfriend finds out? What if her boyfriend finds out? And well, I have come with you. Yes. And well, I have come with you. Yes. And well, I have come with you. Yes. [laughs] Otherwise you would have stuck with them too. [laughs] Otherwise you would have stuck with them too. [laughs] Otherwise you would have stuck with them too. Are you saying you are crazy? Yes [laughter] Are you saying you are crazy? Yes [laughter] Are you saying you are crazy? Yes [laughter] Why do I stick with them? and their Why do I stick with them? and their Why do I stick with them? and their How will the boyfriend know? This is itself How will the boyfriend know? This is itself How will the boyfriend know? This is itself There is a couple. There is a couple. There is a couple. And don't you have a brain? So much And don't you have a brain? So much And don't you have a brain? So much Everyone is shouting loudly, hey sisterfucker, at us. Everyone is shouting loudly, hey sisterfucker, at us. Everyone is shouting loudly, hey sisterfucker, at us. Started watching. [Laughter] The DJ turned off your music. The DJ turned off your music. The DJ turned off your music. Hey sisterfucker. [Laughter] Hey sisterfucker. [Laughter] Hey sisterfucker. [Laughter] Who stopped you? Hey, you sisterfucker, I said it. Who stopped you? Hey, you sisterfucker, I said it. Who stopped you? Hey, you sisterfucker, I said it. Why do you get so expressive? Why do you get so expressive? Why do you get so expressive? Pay? Think about all this in your mind. everywhere Pay? Think about all this in your mind. everywhere Pay? Think about all this in your mind. everywhere Make me feel embarrassed. Look, the son is coming running. Make me feel embarrassed. Look, the son is coming running. Make me feel embarrassed. Look, the son is coming running. Is. [Laughter] Is. [Laughter] Is. [Laughter] Makes you feel embarrassed everywhere. yes. you had one Makes you feel embarrassed everywhere. yes. you had one Makes you feel embarrassed everywhere. yes. you had one Job and that was to make them feel Job and that was to make them feel Job and that was to make them feel Comfortable. And you have ruined the night. Comfortable. And you have ruined the night. Comfortable. And you have ruined the night. Angrily she picked up her purse and went to the washroom. Angrily she picked up her purse and went to the washroom. Angrily she picked up her purse and went to the washroom. Went. I am very much amazed. [Laughter] Now I see everyone looking at me Now I see everyone looking at me Now I see everyone looking at me because I've been really loud because I've been really loud because I've been really loud Hey sisterfucker, you shouted. So I understand Hey sisterfucker, you shouted. So I understand Hey sisterfucker, you shouted. So I understand I did not come, what should I do? Absolutely Conscious I did not come, what should I do? Absolutely Conscious I did not come, what should I do? Absolutely Conscious I quickly picked up the bottle and gulped it down. I quickly picked up the bottle and gulped it down. I quickly picked up the bottle and gulped it down. I gulped it down in one gulp. Test I gulped it down in one gulp. Test I gulped it down in one gulp. Test It has been acquired. It has been acquired. It has been acquired. Now a lot of thoughts are coming to my mind. Now a lot of thoughts are coming to my mind. Now a lot of thoughts are coming to my mind. In. There are many feelings at once. I In. There are many feelings at once. I In. There are many feelings at once. I I am very anxious. I am very much I am very anxious. I am very much I am very anxious. I am very much I am scared. I am very nervous inside me. I am scared. I am very nervous inside me. I am scared. I am very nervous inside me. But there's also a sense of achievement that But there's also a sense of achievement that But there's also a sense of achievement that Hanging out with lesbians Hanging out with lesbians Hanging out with lesbians I have been. I have been. I have been. This is a very big thing for me. hey you guys This is a very big thing for me. hey you guys This is a very big thing for me. hey you guys How do I explain? You think that you are doing it all day long How do I explain? You think that you are doing it all day long How do I explain? You think that you are doing it all day long The ones you see in such laptops etc. The ones you see in such laptops etc. The ones you see in such laptops etc. May he suddenly come out with you May he suddenly come out with you May he suddenly come out with you You will not enjoy partying. You will not enjoy partying. You will not enjoy partying. to the people to the people to the people It's a big deal for me, my mind. It's a big deal for me, my mind. It's a big deal for me, my mind. I had a lot of thoughts, I said something. I had a lot of thoughts, I said something. I had a lot of thoughts, I said something. We have to make them feel good, make them feel welcome. We have to make them feel good, make them feel welcome. We have to make them feel good, make them feel welcome. I want to get it done by calling him sisterfucker I want to get it done by calling him sisterfucker I want to get it done by calling him sisterfucker The moment has spoiled me something good The moment has spoiled me something good The moment has spoiled me something good I have to do it, there are a lot of thoughts going on that this I have to do it, there are a lot of thoughts going on that this I have to do it, there are a lot of thoughts going on that this I can do it, I can do it, and so fast I can do it, I can do it, and so fast I can do it, I can do it, and so fast Everything happened when both of them came back after dancing. Everything happened when both of them came back after dancing. Everything happened when both of them came back after dancing. I didn't understand these people as soon as they I didn't understand these people as soon as they I didn't understand these people as soon as they I came back, you guys won't believe I did both I came back, you guys won't believe I did both I came back, you guys won't believe I did both touched the feet of I asked Ba Tender for a coconut. their feet I asked Ba Tender for a coconut. their feet I asked Ba Tender for a coconut. their feet beneath beneath beneath I passed the momos chutney that tika kar I passed the momos chutney that tika kar I passed the momos chutney that tika kar Give me mine. Give me mine. Give me mine. I am roaming around happily brother. Did a back flip. I am roaming around happily brother. Did a back flip. I am roaming around happily brother. Did a back flip. I am moving in slow motion. Annual Function I am moving in slow motion. Annual Function I am moving in slow motion. Annual Function I showed these people the Aarti. very big I showed these people the Aarti. very big I showed these people the Aarti. very big It matters to me, doesn't it? It is a big thing. It matters to me, doesn't it? It is a big thing. It matters to me, doesn't it? It is a big thing. I made a video call to my mother. Look who I am sitting with. And mommy too Look who I am sitting with. And mommy too Look who I am sitting with. And mommy too I am happy that he is one of these. I am happy that he is one of these. I am happy that he is one of these. Is anyone yours? Is anyone yours? Is anyone yours? I said, hey, these people are not ladies. These people are lesbians. Mummy is saying These people are lesbians. Mummy is saying These people are lesbians. Mummy is saying Yes, this happens during the rainy season [laughs]. Yes, this happens during the rainy season [laughs]. Yes, this happens during the rainy season [laughs]. Some. Tell me to drink hot water. I said hey friend Tell me to drink hot water. I said hey friend Tell me to drink hot water. I said hey friend The mind is completely messed up there. Calls to friends The mind is completely messed up there. Calls to friends The mind is completely messed up there. Calls to friends I guessed who I was sitting with. I guessed who I was sitting with. I guessed who I was sitting with. Guess who I am sitting with. Oh how is that Guess who I am sitting with. Oh how is that Guess who I am sitting with. Oh how is that Should I guess? I said wild guess whose Should I guess? I said wild guess whose Should I guess? I said wild guess whose I am sitting with you. What will be big for you? I am sitting with you. What will be big for you? I am sitting with you. What will be big for you? talk? Yes, you do stand-up. Any talk? Yes, you do stand-up. Any talk? Yes, you do stand-up. Any Must be sitting with a Bollywood actor. Any Must be sitting with a Bollywood actor. Any Must be sitting with a Bollywood actor. Any Must be sitting with the director. With whom? Must be sitting with the director. With whom? Must be sitting with the director. With whom? Are you sitting? Shahrukh Khan. I said no. Say Are you sitting? Shahrukh Khan. I said no. Say Are you sitting? Shahrukh Khan. I said no. Say Salman Khan remains. I said no. Saying Salman Khan remains. I said no. Saying Salman Khan remains. I said no. Saying Karan Johar. I said close [laughs] enough. What are you saying? With whom? What are you saying? With whom? What are you saying? With whom? Are you sitting? I said sister-fucking lesbian people Are you sitting? I said sister-fucking lesbian people Are you sitting? I said sister-fucking lesbian people I am sitting with. [laughs] It would have been a bit real. I am sitting with. [laughs] It would have been a bit real. I am sitting with. [laughs] It would have been a bit real. Is. I said, I have touched it brother. I said, I have touched it brother. I said, I have touched it brother. Well known name tested on quality. Well known name tested on quality. Well known name tested on quality. You people will not believe it. I was with them You people will not believe it. I was with them You people will not believe it. I was with them The photo was taken like this. The photo was taken like this. The photo was taken like this. Like the one taken with the Taj Mahal. Like the one taken with the Taj Mahal. Like the one taken with the Taj Mahal. Hey, these people are no less than monuments to me. Hey, these people are no less than monuments to me. Hey, these people are no less than monuments to me. These are the people for this. These people are Mecca for me. These are the people for this. These people are Mecca for me. These are the people for this. These people are Mecca for me. And there is Medina, brother. And there is Medina, brother. And there is Medina, brother. When I was doing all this. So whatever your When I was doing all this. So whatever your When I was doing all this. So whatever your Human vision sees 270°. Human vision sees 270°. Human vision sees 270°. Is. As I'm doing this, I'm here Is. As I'm doing this, I'm here Is. As I'm doing this, I'm here From here to here you will see 270° what is happening From here to here you will see 270° what is happening From here to here you will see 270° what is happening Is. [Laughter] Is. [Laughter] Is. [Laughter] So I noticed that at this angle So I noticed that at this angle So I noticed that at this angle Our table is Our table is Our table is Someone has been sitting there for quite some time. Someone has been sitting there for quite some time. Someone has been sitting there for quite some time. So when I turned around, I saw my So when I turned around, I saw my So when I turned around, I saw my So, there is a girlfriend. He came quite some time ago So, there is a girlfriend. He came quite some time ago So, there is a girlfriend. He came quite some time ago She is sitting there. [laughter] But he told me She is sitting there. [laughter] But he told me She is sitting there. [laughter] But he told me Has not stopped. Yes, he let me Has not stopped. Yes, he let me Has not stopped. Yes, he let me Is. That dog, you do it today. [Laughter] Is. That dog, you do it today. [Laughter] Is. That dog, you do it today. [Laughter] You show your worth. Yes. you tell me you You show your worth. Yes. you tell me you You show your worth. Yes. you tell me you What a mean man he is. But as soon as this What a mean man he is. But as soon as this What a mean man he is. But as soon as this I did this, this is a very wrong thing. I did this, this is a very wrong thing. I did this, this is a very wrong thing. Do you understand? [Laughter] Do you understand? [Laughter] Do you understand? [Laughter] Never make someone feel welcome Never make someone feel welcome Never make someone feel welcome This way. Many family members are forcing you to come home. This way. Many family members are forcing you to come home. This way. Many family members are forcing you to come home. It is for the relationship. You go to your father-in-law It is for the relationship. You go to your father-in-law It is for the relationship. You go to your father-in-law Took a photo like this with. [Laughter] Took a photo like this with. [Laughter] Took a photo like this with. [Laughter] Those people will not come again. Yes. This is very Those people will not come again. Yes. This is very Those people will not come again. Yes. This is very This is the only offensive thing. You are welcoming someone This is the only offensive thing. You are welcoming someone This is the only offensive thing. You are welcoming someone To make them feel like this, take such photos of them. To make them feel like this, take such photos of them. To make them feel like this, take such photos of them. So as soon as I did this, my So as soon as I did this, my So as soon as I did this, my The girlfriend came running from there. my collar The girlfriend came running from there. my collar The girlfriend came running from there. my collar caught. She dragged me out. I caught. She dragged me out. I caught. She dragged me out. I I saw both my Taj Mahals getting smaller. I saw both my Taj Mahals getting smaller. I saw both my Taj Mahals getting smaller. Are. And he went out and pushed me. And he went out and pushed me. And he went out and pushed me. Are you crazy? what is all this Are you crazy? what is all this Are you crazy? what is all this Are you doing it inside? Yes. touched their feet Are you doing it inside? Yes. touched their feet Are you doing it inside? Yes. touched their feet Of the people. [laughter] Feet breaking coconuts. Of the people. [laughter] Feet breaking coconuts. Of the people. [laughter] Feet breaking coconuts. Below yes? Mummy ko video call lage me Below yes? Mummy ko video call lage me Below yes? Mummy ko video call lage me Have you come here? [Laughter] You make me feel embarrassed everywhere. Yes. every You make me feel embarrassed everywhere. Yes. every You make me feel embarrassed everywhere. Yes. every Place Embarcade. A small town boy always Place Embarcade. A small town boy always Place Embarcade. A small town boy always Will be from a small town. no matter how much he Will be from a small town. no matter how much he Will be from a small town. no matter how much he Try painting it. your fault Try painting it. your fault Try painting it. your fault Not that you came here. My fault that I Not that you came here. My fault that I Not that you came here. My fault that I I have brought you here. people coming and going I have brought you here. people coming and going I have brought you here. people coming and going I am laughing at you. Yes. you on I am laughing at you. Yes. you on I am laughing at you. Yes. you on I feel ashamed to do it. I love you I feel ashamed to do it. I love you I feel ashamed to do it. I love you I feel ashamed to walk with you. I started to feel so useless that I I started to feel so useless that I I started to feel so useless that I whoever came whoever came whoever came I did everything. I did everything. I did everything. How could everything go wrong? [Laughter] How will I grow in life? Yes. These How will I grow in life? Yes. These How will I grow in life? Yes. These They say you touched my feet wrongly. They say you touched my feet wrongly. They say you touched my feet wrongly. What a wonderful coconut you broke. What a wonderful coconut you broke. What a wonderful coconut you broke. So I will know that the coconut one is repeating So I will know that the coconut one is repeating So I will know that the coconut one is repeating You have to do it, don't do the action of touching the feet. You have to do it, don't do the action of touching the feet. You have to do it, don't do the action of touching the feet. Then I will be a better person next time. Then I will be a better person next time. Then I will be a better person next time. everything is wrong. I should jump from here then. everything is wrong. I should jump from here then. everything is wrong. I should jump from here then. Yes. Yes. Yes. What is all this you are saying? What is all this? What is all this you are saying? What is all this? What is all this you are saying? What is all this? You are roaming around with chutney on your face. Yes. You are roaming around with chutney on your face. Yes. You are roaming around with chutney on your face. Yes. [laughter] Go wash your face. Come back after washing your face. I became sad. My head is spinning, it's night I became sad. My head is spinning, it's night I became sad. My head is spinning, it's night Has been. Everyone disowned me. Disone what? Has been. Everyone disowned me. Disone what? Has been. Everyone disowned me. Disone what? Meaning I was insulted. I thought the people inside Meaning I was insulted. I thought the people inside Meaning I was insulted. I thought the people inside I am enjoying myself, that's why I am laughing. They I am enjoying myself, that's why I am laughing. They I am enjoying myself, that's why I am laughing. They People were laughing at me. I am very ashamed People were laughing at me. I am very ashamed People were laughing at me. I am very ashamed Is. Yes, I went stumbling somehow. Is. Yes, I went stumbling somehow. Is. Yes, I went stumbling somehow. It happened in the washroom and it was a very shady place. You It happened in the washroom and it was a very shady place. You It happened in the washroom and it was a very shady place. You People must have gone clubbing etc. that shady bit People must have gone clubbing etc. that shady bit People must have gone clubbing etc. that shady bit There is a place. I went inside. Washed my mouth, There is a place. I went inside. Washed my mouth, There is a place. I went inside. Washed my mouth, Took face wash, washed mouth and filled mouth Took face wash, washed mouth and filled mouth Took face wash, washed mouth and filled mouth I started burning. I thought the sisterfucker chutney spilled I started burning. I thought the sisterfucker chutney spilled I started burning. I thought the sisterfucker chutney spilled Went. Went. Went. A man was washing his face nearby. I A man was washing his face nearby. I A man was washing his face nearby. I Where is brother? Where is brother? Where is brother? Brother, my mouth is burning. Brother, my mouth is burning. Brother, my mouth is burning. He is saying, brother, did you wash your face with phenyl? He is saying, brother, did you wash your face with phenyl? He is saying, brother, did you wash your face with phenyl? Is. I said brother, what should I do? He is saying, brother, you go away. [Laughter] I have been watching you for an hour. You are doing something inside. You are doing something inside. You are doing something inside. You broke their tiles along with the coconut. You broke their tiles along with the coconut. You broke their tiles along with the coconut. Have given. Have given. Have given. You go away or you will return naked. You go away or you will return naked. You go away or you will return naked. I called my friends and said, brother I called my friends and said, brother I called my friends and said, brother I am stuck here. come and take me I am stuck here. come and take me I am stuck here. come and take me Go. Kabav [throat clearing sound] Go. Kabav [throat clearing sound] Go. Kabav [throat clearing sound] Bring me anything quickly from here Bring me anything quickly from here Bring me anything quickly from here Take it out. My friends came and I went out. Take it out. My friends came and I went out. Take it out. My friends came and I went out. Went. I messaged them that from my house Went. I messaged them that from my house Went. I messaged them that from my house The call is coming. I have to leave. It's The call is coming. I have to leave. It's The call is coming. I have to leave. It's Very late. Waited for half an hour. My friend Very late. Waited for half an hour. My friend Very late. Waited for half an hour. My friend Come [sound of clearing throat] Come [sound of clearing throat] Come [sound of clearing throat] By sitting in an e-rickshaw. Four friends. His idea was that I would sit in the front. His idea was that I would sit in the front. His idea was that I would sit in the front. These are my friends. Yes. And they would come too These are my friends. Yes. And they would come too These are my friends. Yes. And they would come too Every time where is the lesbian There are two girls behind me waiting for a cab. There are two girls behind me waiting for a cab. There are two girls behind me waiting for a cab. I said, are you guys lesbians? I said, are you guys lesbians? I said, are you guys lesbians? Brother Brother Brother [laughter] Come on, come on, the police are coming here. [laughter] Come on, come on, the police are coming here. [laughter] Come on, come on, the police are coming here. The police are coming [laughter] The police are coming [laughter] The police are coming [laughter] We travel in our rickshaw We travel in our rickshaw We travel in our rickshaw My friend's phone rang tiding My friend's phone rang tiding My friend's phone rang tiding Ting Tiding Hello Ting Tiding Hello Ting Tiding Hello Ting Tding Hello Ting Tding Hello Ting Tding Hello [sound of throat clearing] I went home three or four [sound of throat clearing] I went home three or four [sound of throat clearing] I went home three or four I felt very guilty that day, yes I I felt very guilty that day, yes I I felt very guilty that day, yes I I was ashamed to call these people. I was ashamed to call these people. I was ashamed to call these people. I also did not call back people I also did not call back people I also did not call back people I messaged Sonam who was her friend. I messaged Sonam who was her friend. I messaged Sonam who was her friend. Did he ask for number one on Instagram? Did he ask for number one on Instagram? Did he ask for number one on Instagram? I called him and said, friend, sorry, that day I I called him and said, friend, sorry, that day I I called him and said, friend, sorry, that day I These people had done too much These people had done too much These people had done too much lesbians have you guys ever hung out lesbians have you guys ever hung out lesbians have you guys ever hung out Someone with lesbians, these people are very Someone with lesbians, these people are very Someone with lesbians, these people are very We live above people mentally who are more We live above people mentally who are more We live above people mentally who are more is also bisexual lesbian because you is also bisexual lesbian because you is also bisexual lesbian because you Look, people are not accepting their weight. Look, people are not accepting their weight. Look, people are not accepting their weight. I am unable to accept my color I am unable to accept my color I am unable to accept my color Cannot accept his height. Cannot accept his height. Cannot accept his height. But accept your sexuality. But accept your sexuality. But accept your sexuality. Take. That too when they are a complete minority. Take. That too when they are a complete minority. Take. That too when they are a complete minority. The whole society is laughing at you. The whole society is laughing at you. The whole society is laughing at you. It is a very bold thing. accept this It is a very bold thing. accept this It is a very bold thing. accept this Take. So she would have been mentally much above us. Take. So she would have been mentally much above us. Take. So she would have been mentally much above us. Is. Like I called him and said sorry friend Is. Like I called him and said sorry friend Is. Like I called him and said sorry friend That day I did a little too much. Me That day I did a little too much. Me That day I did a little too much. Me I don't want to [throat clearing sound] I don't want to [throat clearing sound] I don't want to [throat clearing sound] Was. I was drunk. So someone is saying yes Was. I was drunk. So someone is saying yes Was. I was drunk. So someone is saying yes No matter. Oh, we forgot. we were having No matter. Oh, we forgot. we were having No matter. Oh, we forgot. we were having Fun. And of course you were drunk. Someone Real Fun. And of course you were drunk. Someone Real Fun. And of course you were drunk. Someone Real He won't do all this in life. He won't do all this in life. He won't do all this in life. I said of course I said of course I said of course Why would anyone do this in real life? Why would anyone do this in real life? Why would anyone do this in real life? My girlfriend infact is older than me. My girlfriend infact is older than me. My girlfriend infact is older than me. She remained angry till then gradually she also came along. She remained angry till then gradually she also came along. She remained angry till then gradually she also came along. She got onboarded and then we were together. She got onboarded and then we were together. She got onboarded and then we were together. We started roaming around and we became a group. We started roaming around and we became a group. We started roaming around and we became a group. These people started going here and there regularly. These people started going here and there regularly. These people started going here and there regularly. New openings used to teach me the ways New openings used to teach me the ways New openings used to teach me the ways Went to town to make minded yes fine Went to town to make minded yes fine Went to town to make minded yes fine Dining and so on were carried everywhere and Dining and so on were carried everywhere and Dining and so on were carried everywhere and When I get to hang out with them regularly When I get to hang out with them regularly When I get to hang out with them regularly I felt like I learned a lot of things. I felt like I learned a lot of things. I felt like I learned a lot of things. I learned from living with them that if a I learned from living with them that if a I learned from living with them that if a If there is base in the boy's voice then some girl If there is base in the boy's voice then some girl If there is base in the boy's voice then some girl He might even snatch her mangalsutra [laughs]. He might even snatch her mangalsutra [laughs]. He might even snatch her mangalsutra [laughs]. So girls find it cute. Did you see it? So girls find it cute. Did you see it? So girls find it cute. Did you see it? Base boys, yes that's us. Can I buy your drink yes clubbing and so on Can I buy your drink yes clubbing and so on Can I buy your drink yes clubbing and so on These people are found in Yes, Hey, Can I These people are found in Yes, Hey, Can I These people are found in Yes, Hey, Can I By your drink and the girls are completely confused By your drink and the girls are completely confused By your drink and the girls are completely confused It happens that hey It happens that hey It happens that hey You came with your husband [laughs], brother, yes You came with your husband [laughs], brother, yes You came with your husband [laughs], brother, yes How are you even thinking? Yes [laughs] you see. How are you even thinking? Yes [laughs] you see. How are you even thinking? Yes [laughs] you see. These people say two words, yes, These people say two words, yes, These people say two words, yes, Honestly Honestly Honestly Perhaps Ask me anything, honestly, I have asked for your name. Ask me anything, honestly, I have asked for your name. Ask me anything, honestly, I have asked for your name. your brother What is your name? Is it Ramesh or Prakash? What is your name? Is it Ramesh or Prakash? What is your name? Is it Ramesh or Prakash? Jyoti, what's your name [laughs] Jyoti, what's your name [laughs] Jyoti, what's your name [laughs] what are we doing what are we doing what are we doing You saw the boys with the bass, those thin ones. You saw the boys with the bass, those thin ones. You saw the boys with the bass, those thin ones. Chibillians are in every group [laughs]. Chibillians are in every group [laughs]. Chibillians are in every group [laughs]. That we're honestly worried [laughs] That we're honestly worried [laughs] That we're honestly worried [laughs] Raghu played Holi I saw these boys if girls I saw these boys if girls I saw these boys if girls If the mangalsutra is also snatched away, the girls will be shocked. If the mangalsutra is also snatched away, the girls will be shocked. If the mangalsutra is also snatched away, the girls will be shocked. Looks cute. Dude, did you hear his voice? Looks cute. Dude, did you hear his voice? Looks cute. Dude, did you hear his voice? Heard his voice. How well he treated me Heard his voice. How well he treated me Heard his voice. How well he treated me Snatching the mangalsutra, he called her sister's [ __ ]. Snatching the mangalsutra, he called her sister's [ __ ]. Snatching the mangalsutra, he called her sister's [ __ ]. Did you see the guys on the base? Yes? Dod Did you see the guys on the base? Yes? Dod Did you see the guys on the base? Yes? Dod We speak words We speak words We speak words This is the voice of a real man I've been talking for an hour like a bedbug [laughs]. I've been talking for an hour like a bedbug [laughs]. I've been talking for an hour like a bedbug [laughs]. I am in front of you people, yes, someone from someone I am in front of you people, yes, someone from someone I am in front of you people, yes, someone from someone Don't be ashamed, speak as God has sent you. Don't be ashamed, speak as God has sent you. Don't be ashamed, speak as God has sent you. Yes, is the vibrator stuck in my throat? Yes, is the vibrator stuck in my throat? Yes, is the vibrator stuck in my throat? You have [laughs] yes You have [laughs] yes You have [laughs] yes Yes, you are running on battery. Yes, you are running on battery. Yes, you are running on battery. I think about these two bases I think about these two bases I think about these two bases Where would the boys be talking about us? Where would the boys be talking about us? Where would the boys be talking about us? You are not even expressing yourself in front You are not even expressing yourself in front You are not even expressing yourself in front Expression of a person is also important. Where Expression of a person is also important. Where Expression of a person is also important. Where Do those people talk? So I realized Do those people talk? So I realized Do those people talk? So I realized I said that these guys with bass, two basses I said that these guys with bass, two basses I said that these guys with bass, two basses Boys talk hiding behind such trees Boys talk hiding behind such trees Boys talk hiding behind such trees Must be doing it. [Laughter] Must be doing it. [Laughter] Must be doing it. [Laughter] hey humstly Honestly [laughs] Honestly [laughs] Honestly [laughs] But Hey, what's up, they caught me. Hey, what's up, they caught me. Hey, what's up, they caught me. The people. [Laughter] The people. [Laughter] The people. [Laughter] Now I am a sisterfucker, honestly. Now I am a sisterfucker, honestly. Now I am a sisterfucker, honestly. I am being told. But I am saying sister I am being told. But I am saying sister I am being told. But I am saying sister of. [Laughter] of. [Laughter] of. [Laughter] You can pull them and slap them anytime. You can pull them and slap them anytime. You can pull them and slap them anytime. His and my voice will be the same. anytime His and my voice will be the same. anytime His and my voice will be the same. anytime Try it. Look, that relationship is very Try it. Look, that relationship is very Try it. Look, that relationship is very It is special. It is special. It is special. in which you in which you in which you virginity virginity virginity and self-respect and self-respect and self-respect You lose both of them. Self-Respect You lose both of them. Self-Respect You lose both of them. Self-Respect I was losing from day one. [Laughter] I was losing from day one. [Laughter] I was losing from day one. [Laughter] You people must have seen it. Now the time has come You people must have seen it. Now the time has come You people must have seen it. Now the time has come Her virginity was gone. Now on my mind Her virginity was gone. Now on my mind Her virginity was gone. Now on my mind There was no timeline as such. Relationship There was no timeline as such. Relationship There was no timeline as such. Relationship I had reached a good stage. three four I had reached a good stage. three four I had reached a good stage. three four It had been years since we started dating. Now It had been years since we started dating. Now It had been years since we started dating. Now I was under social pressure to have sex. I was under social pressure to have sex. I was under social pressure to have sex. Of. [Laughter] Of. [Laughter] Of. [Laughter] Yes, my friends are in the semester. Yes, my friends are in the semester. Yes, my friends are in the semester. Failing to get me to have sex. Failing to get me to have sex. Failing to get me to have sex. Yes, because whenever we met, all these things happened. Yes, because whenever we met, all these things happened. Yes, because whenever we met, all these things happened. There used to be talks. There used to be talks. There used to be talks. If he still doesn't do it, the girl will become impotent. If he still doesn't do it, the girl will become impotent. If he still doesn't do it, the girl will become impotent. She will understand you. [Laughter] She will understand you. [Laughter] She will understand you. [Laughter] The whole college will spit on you. The world will laugh The whole college will spit on you. The world will laugh The whole college will spit on you. The world will laugh On you. People will say that they got the hand but not the mouth. On you. People will say that they got the hand but not the mouth. On you. People will say that they got the hand but not the mouth. Put. Put. Put. I will write outside your gate, write small I will write outside your gate, write small I will write outside your gate, write small Why disappointed? I said it's done brother. yes Why disappointed? I said it's done brother. yes Why disappointed? I said it's done brother. yes Went. Went. Went. I will go to the side just now. I went to my I will go to the side just now. I went to my I will go to the side just now. I went to my to my girlfriend and we mutually to my girlfriend and we mutually to my girlfriend and we mutually Decided that we will do it. Why am I lying to you people? Why am I lying to you people? Why am I lying to you people? Not mutually decided. I Not mutually decided. I Not mutually decided. I pleaded. I begged for sex. Yes. Because I begged for sex. Yes. Because I begged for sex. Yes. Because People who are in relationships know that such People who are in relationships know that such People who are in relationships know that such I have to beg or do something strange I have to beg or do something strange I have to beg or do something strange You have to use it. Only you people know this You have to use it. Only you people know this You have to use it. Only you people know this will be. But from my experience, I will be. But from my experience, I will be. But from my experience, I I will tell you what I learned, if you look at it I will tell you what I learned, if you look at it I will tell you what I learned, if you look at it One has to beg for sex. So plum One has to beg for sex. So plum One has to beg for sex. So plum It is minimum. [Laughter] But if you have to beg for sex But if you have to beg for sex But if you have to beg for sex So ask in English. [Laughter] So ask in English. [Laughter] So ask in English. [Laughter] What happens with that? Your intentions are very What happens with that? Your intentions are very What happens with that? Your intentions are very They come out pure. for some reason They come out pure. for some reason They come out pure. for some reason [laughter] And all the risky words [laughter] And all the risky words [laughter] And all the risky words They get eliminated. They get eliminated. They get eliminated. She will take as she gives. inside out yes inside out yes inside out yes Back and forth. Without using all these words, if Back and forth. Without using all these words, if Back and forth. Without using all these words, if If you have sex, you will give girls a If you have sex, you will give girls a If you have sex, you will give girls a So you look like a Mahatma type. So I am complete So you look like a Mahatma type. So I am complete So you look like a Mahatma type. So I am complete I went after reading the article etc. I I went after reading the article etc. I I went after reading the article etc. I I had gone after learning it by rote. I went I had gone after learning it by rote. I went I had gone after learning it by rote. I went Near this. I said see even I am Near this. I said see even I am Near this. I said see even I am Against the Idea That We Should Do It Before Against the Idea That We Should Do It Before Against the Idea That We Should Do It Before Marriage. [Laughter] Marriage. [Laughter] Marriage. [Laughter] I Can Live With You Forever Without Even I Can Live With You Forever Without Even I Can Live With You Forever Without Even Touching you if that's what you want. Touching you if that's what you want. Touching you if that's what you want. But But But According to this article on fog. It Says If You Don't Have a Physical Relationship It Says If You Don't Have a Physical Relationship It Says If You Don't Have a Physical Relationship For a very long time, it may lead to lower For a very long time, it may lead to lower For a very long time, it may lead to lower Self-Esteem Self-Esteem Self-Esteem Lower Self-Confidence Lower Self-Confidence Lower Self-Confidence Poor heart health [laughs] Poor heart health [laughs] Poor heart health [laughs] Poor prostate health, yes, Google it. Poor prostate health, yes, Google it. Poor prostate health, yes, Google it. This is how Google tells you that you are in two minutes. This is how Google tells you that you are in two minutes. This is how Google tells you that you are in two minutes. If you don't have sex inside, you're dead. If you don't have sex inside, you're dead. If you don't have sex inside, you're dead. will go will go will go Get it done now, yes I can't find anyone. Get it done now, yes I can't find anyone. Get it done now, yes I can't find anyone. Boys, boys, do it amongst yourselves [laughter]. So after saying all this I told her not to have sex So after saying all this I told her not to have sex So after saying all this I told her not to have sex Told about the disadvantages. Now anyone should be emotionally Told about the disadvantages. Now anyone should be emotionally Told about the disadvantages. Now anyone should be emotionally Triggering is a very easy thing in the world. Triggering is a very easy thing in the world. Triggering is a very easy thing in the world. Look, everyone thinks that his friend is in his life Look, everyone thinks that his friend is in his life Look, everyone thinks that his friend is in his life I am not the same as before. Yes. 2019 I am not the same as before. Yes. 2019 I am not the same as before. Yes. 2019 Before that, he was doing something crazy. Now their Before that, he was doing something crazy. Now their Before that, he was doing something crazy. Now their There is no comeback. The downfall has arrived. There is no comeback. The downfall has arrived. There is no comeback. The downfall has arrived. Yes. [Laughter] Yes. [Laughter] Yes. [Laughter] I have never been on top. I have never been on top. I have never been on top. Always waiting for my comeback [laughs] Always waiting for my comeback [laughs] Always waiting for my comeback [laughs] Are. Hey, your comeback is happening every day brother. Are. Hey, your comeback is happening every day brother. Are. Hey, your comeback is happening every day brother. You don't know, you just come back You don't know, you just come back You don't know, you just come back You do it and you reach the same level You do it and you reach the same level You do it and you reach the same level [laughter] How do you know everyone? [laughter] How do you know everyone? [laughter] How do you know everyone? It seems everyone thinks that my friend It seems everyone thinks that my friend It seems everyone thinks that my friend There's a lot going on in life, but I There's a lot going on in life, but I There's a lot going on in life, but I I don't let it come on my face, not on my face I don't let it come on my face, not on my face I don't let it come on my face, not on my face Let me come, I am facing a lot. Let me come, I am facing a lot. Let me come, I am facing a lot. Just bring a smiling face in your life Just bring a smiling face in your life Just bring a smiling face in your life I am fooling the world that is true I am fooling the world that is true I am fooling the world that is true It's the same with you, it's the same with you It's the same with you, it's the same with you It's the same with you, it's the same with you But it happens with everyone, so I have discussed this thing. But it happens with everyone, so I have discussed this thing. But it happens with everyone, so I have discussed this thing. used used used To trigger him emotionally, I To trigger him emotionally, I To trigger him emotionally, I said but I don't care what this article said but I don't care what this article said but I don't care what this article Since I know that there is a lot going on in Since I know that there is a lot going on in Since I know that there is a lot going on in Your personal life. Now I'm guessing Your personal life. Now I'm guessing Your personal life. Now I'm guessing with everything that is going on in your with everything that is going on in your with everything that is going on in your Family [laughs] Family [laughs] Family [laughs] Between you and your sister. I know I know she Between you and your sister. I know I know she Between you and your sister. I know I know she Is a [ __ ], yes. Is a [ __ ], yes. Is a [ __ ], yes. [laughter] You don't tell me these things, but I [laughter] You don't tell me these things, but I [laughter] You don't tell me these things, but I Can See It in Your Eyes Lately. It's on your Can See It in Your Eyes Lately. It's on your Can See It in Your Eyes Lately. It's on your Face. Yes, because I am yours all day long Face. Yes, because I am yours all day long Face. Yes, because I am yours all day long I just keep looking at the eyes. You will find many people who will say You will find many people who will say You will find many people who will say Are the first girl that they have loved. you are the Are the first girl that they have loved. you are the Are the first girl that they have loved. you are the First Girl That He Ever Loved. But for me First Girl That He Ever Loved. But for me First Girl That He Ever Loved. But for me You are the last girl that I will ever love. The Only Girl That I Will Love More Than You Is The Only Girl That I Will Love More Than You Is The Only Girl That I Will Love More Than You Is Probably our daughter in the future. And as I said all this, I turned back. And as I said all this, I turned back. And as I said all this, I turned back. I saw that he had taken off his clothes. I saw that he had taken off his clothes. I saw that he had taken off his clothes. So the first sex is very awkward. So the first sex is very awkward. So the first sex is very awkward. I am telling all this for the boys. I am telling all this for the boys. I am telling all this for the boys. Yes. Because whatever girls spoil Yes. Because whatever girls spoil Yes. Because whatever girls spoil Yes, it normalizes it. [Laughter] The boy thinks that I am the fool The boy thinks that I am the fool The boy thinks that I am the fool Am. Am. Am. So I'm telling you guys, boys. So I'm telling you guys, boys. So I'm telling you guys, boys. so that you guys can know better about yourself so that you guys can know better about yourself so that you guys can know better about yourself Feel it because I am very happy with the first second. Feel it because I am very happy with the first second. Feel it because I am very happy with the first second. It is awkward. I already during It is awkward. I already during It is awkward. I already during I was so happy [laughs]. That I had epilepsy. That I had epilepsy. That I had epilepsy. So at first he thought of doing role play also. So at first he thought of doing role play also. So at first he thought of doing role play also. It was stuck. It was stuck. It was stuck. [laughs] Then when he understood it, he [laughs] Then when he understood it, he [laughs] Then when he understood it, he Within seconds the girl is hitting me with her shoe. Within seconds the girl is hitting me with her shoe. Within seconds the girl is hitting me with her shoe. Yes. threw cold water on me Yes. threw cold water on me Yes. threw cold water on me Sisterfucker, don't die naked in my room. Sisterfucker, don't die naked in my room. Sisterfucker, don't die naked in my room. Now I will tell you the truth if you ask me the truth. Now I will tell you the truth if you ask me the truth. Now I will tell you the truth if you ask me the truth. I am against bisex. I am against bisex. I am against bisex. I don't think there should be sexwax. I don't think there should be sexwax. I don't think there should be sexwax. There is a difference of only 19-20. are you with someone There is a difference of only 19-20. are you with someone There is a difference of only 19-20. are you with someone Or be alone. So the difference is only 19-20. But Or be alone. So the difference is only 19-20. But Or be alone. So the difference is only 19-20. But People have hyped up sex so much. People have hyped up sex so much. People have hyped up sex so much. that your brain gets a boost that that your brain gets a boost that that your brain gets a boost that But if I look at it fun wise, it is only 19-20. But if I look at it fun wise, it is only 19-20. But if I look at it fun wise, it is only 19-20. There is a difference. And comes with lots of baggage There is a difference. And comes with lots of baggage There is a difference. And comes with lots of baggage It's sex. Sex doesn't come alone. to the people It's sex. Sex doesn't come alone. to the people It's sex. Sex doesn't come alone. to the people It seems that the freest of the free in a relationship It seems that the freest of the free in a relationship It seems that the freest of the free in a relationship I never do, brother. You always pay a I never do, brother. You always pay a I never do, brother. You always pay a Price for it. Yes. [laughs] Sex never Price for it. Yes. [laughs] Sex never Price for it. Yes. [laughs] Sex never He doesn't come alone. Sex comes in flocks. He doesn't come alone. Sex comes in flocks. He doesn't come alone. Sex comes in flocks. Like a pig. Like a pig. Like a pig. Yes. Because look what the boys are up to. Yes. Because look what the boys are up to. Yes. Because look what the boys are up to. Let's do sex like sex. did and Let's do sex like sex. did and Let's do sex like sex. did and Forgot. [Laughter] Forgot. [Laughter] Forgot. [Laughter] Girls do it like an event. Girls do it like an event. Girls do it like an event. That I helped some poor person. That I helped some poor person. That I helped some poor person. A farmer was put into debt. A farmer was put into debt. A farmer was put into debt. like an event, like a charity like an event, like a charity like an event, like a charity Brother, this one. And I think of the girls' POV. Brother, this one. And I think of the girls' POV. Brother, this one. And I think of the girls' POV. So there is a charity that is being done for us. So there is a charity that is being done for us. So there is a charity that is being done for us. Is. Because it is not possible for us brother. Is. Because it is not possible for us brother. Is. Because it is not possible for us brother. You can laugh, he cannot become a brother to boys. You You can laugh, he cannot become a brother to boys. You You can laugh, he cannot become a brother to boys. You Look how filthy these boys live. Look how filthy these boys live. Look how filthy these boys live. They live so unhygienic. Is my friend. They live so unhygienic. Is my friend. They live so unhygienic. Is my friend. He lives with so much filth. his girlfriend He lives with so much filth. his girlfriend He lives with so much filth. his girlfriend When she comes to meet him, the black heat is upon her When she comes to meet him, the black heat is upon her When she comes to meet him, the black heat is upon her She beats. [Laughter] She is going to meet him. bathing in acid She is going to meet him. bathing in acid She is going to meet him. bathing in acid He is at home. Yes. rubbing with sandpaper He is at home. Yes. rubbing with sandpaper He is at home. Yes. rubbing with sandpaper To myself. Napthalene under her arm To myself. Napthalene under her arm To myself. Napthalene under her arm Trapped the ball. Trapped the ball. Trapped the ball. It should not be infested with insects. [Laughter] It should not be infested with insects. [Laughter] It should not be infested with insects. [Laughter] Hey, they put the cargo in the quilt. And a very emotional bond is formed. sex And a very emotional bond is formed. sex And a very emotional bond is formed. sex After such emotionally very connected After such emotionally very connected After such emotionally very connected You become it. Fights start a lot You become it. Fights start a lot You become it. Fights start a lot Is. And I saw the girls fight every now and then Is. And I saw the girls fight every now and then Is. And I saw the girls fight every now and then There is a loop hole. It's called mood There is a loop hole. It's called mood There is a loop hole. It's called mood Swings. Swings. Swings. Yes, God has given it to these people. [Laughter] Yes, God has given it to these people. [Laughter] Yes, God has given it to these people. [Laughter] So at most I would have ignored the fight. So at most I would have ignored the fight. So at most I would have ignored the fight. I thought, friend, this is a job that requires a lot of effort. I thought, friend, this is a job that requires a lot of effort. I thought, friend, this is a job that requires a lot of effort. But one fight I saw was very easy. But one fight I saw was very easy. But one fight I saw was very easy. I thought this fight would end immediately. I thought this fight would end immediately. I thought this fight would end immediately. I can easily win in two or three lines. So I can easily win in two or three lines. So I can easily win in two or three lines. So I almost proved it wrong. I almost proved it wrong. I almost proved it wrong. I almost took it as LHS equal to I almost took it as LHS equal to I almost took it as LHS equal to RHS proved it and also accepted that RHS proved it and also accepted that RHS proved it and also accepted that I accept that it is my mistake, Shubham. I accept that it is my mistake, Shubham. I accept that it is my mistake, Shubham. It's a mistake. But have you ever tried to know It's a mistake. But have you ever tried to know It's a mistake. But have you ever tried to know Why did I make this mistake? Why did I make this mistake? Why did I make this mistake? I said because you are a number one ignorant person. I said because you are a number one ignorant person. I said because you are a number one ignorant person. And you are an illiterate girl. And you are an illiterate girl. And you are an illiterate girl. I don't want to say that my periods had come, Shubha. But I don't want to say that my periods had come, Shubha. But I don't want to say that my periods had come, Shubha. But Thank you for showing me your true colors. Thank you for showing me your true colors. Thank you for showing me your true colors. I said, sisterfucker, how did you lose here? I said, sisterfucker, how did you lose here? I said, sisterfucker, how did you lose here? Dude, me? This was a battle I had won, brother. This was a battle I had won, brother. This was a battle I had won, brother. How did I lose from here, friend? I absolutely How did I lose from here, friend? I absolutely How did I lose from here, friend? I absolutely It started feeling like BJP of Ayodhya. How from here How from here How from here I started to notice a pattern [laughs] I started to notice a pattern [laughs] I started to notice a pattern [laughs] Whenever something is messing up its mood Whenever something is messing up its mood Whenever something is messing up its mood The swings are coming. So I had a The swings are coming. So I had a The swings are coming. So I had a There is a tracker app. The period tracker app was There is a tracker app. The period tracker app was There is a tracker app. The period tracker app was That was installed. He felt Shiva. That was installed. He felt Shiva. That was installed. He felt Shiva. I said of course I said of course I said of course I did it for myself [laughs]. My I did it for myself [laughs]. My I did it for myself [laughs]. My Video games are available from today. Video games are available from today. Video games are available from today. Now I started tracking her periods. Now Now I started tracking her periods. Now Now I started tracking her periods. Now I'm noticing a lot of mood swings. I'm noticing a lot of mood swings. I'm noticing a lot of mood swings. It is coming to this. Once such similar type It is coming to this. Once such similar type It is coming to this. Once such similar type There was a fight. She also accepted that it was her mistake. I There was a fight. She also accepted that it was her mistake. I There was a fight. She also accepted that it was her mistake. I I admit it was my fault this morning. have you ever I admit it was my fault this morning. have you ever I admit it was my fault this morning. have you ever Tried to find out. My mood swings Tried to find out. My mood swings Tried to find out. My mood swings They went. That's why I did all this. Address They went. That's why I did all this. Address They went. That's why I did all this. Address [sound of clearing throat] mood swings [sound of clearing throat] mood swings [sound of clearing throat] mood swings How do I feel? i feel like How do I feel? i feel like How do I feel? i feel like Let me eat ice cream. when eating ice cream Let me eat ice cream. when eating ice cream Let me eat ice cream. when eating ice cream I seem to be gaining weight. I I seem to be gaining weight. I I seem to be gaining weight. I I told you to get your brain treated. I told you to get your brain treated. I told you to get your brain treated. [laughter] Why are you putting it on periods? [laughter] Why are you putting it on periods? [laughter] Why are you putting it on periods? For him? Yes. For him? Yes. For him? Yes. You will never understand. you know how many You will never understand. you know how many You will never understand. you know how many There are more hormonal changes in the body There are more hormonal changes in the body There are more hormonal changes in the body In. How many geopolitical changes In. How many geopolitical changes In. How many geopolitical changes There are. There are. There are. How many National Geographic changes? How many National Geographic changes? How many National Geographic changes? They are present in the body. on top of that you They are present in the body. on top of that you They are present in the body. on top of that you Every battle has to be won. each argument Every battle has to be won. each argument Every battle has to be won. each argument I have to win. I don't know what you will do I have to win. I don't know what you will do I have to win. I don't know what you will do By winning the argument. I said [laughter] Grandpa By winning the argument. I said [laughter] Grandpa By winning the argument. I said [laughter] Grandpa Don't shout. Your period is over 13 Don't shout. Your period is over 13 Don't shout. Your period is over 13 It's been days. It's been days. It's been days. Without periods, there are no mood swings. Without periods, there are no mood swings. Without periods, there are no mood swings. I have also read this much bio. I have also read this much bio. I have also read this much bio. Say you have read so much bio. so to you Say you have read so much bio. so to you Say you have read so much bio. so to you You might also know about PCOD. You might also know about PCOD. You might also know about PCOD. My periods can come at any time. My periods can come at any time. My periods can come at any time. Can go. I said keep it, you sisterfucker. Can go. I said keep it, you sisterfucker. Can go. I said keep it, you sisterfucker. You guys. You guys. You guys. I don't want to fight, brother. Yes. I don't want to fight, brother. Yes. I don't want to fight, brother. Yes. Now you see how many girls Now you see how many girls Now you see how many girls He is privileged brother. He is privileged brother. He is privileged brother. These people will murder and call one to court. These people will murder and call one to court. These people will murder and call one to court. Times. They are saying Chaku is gone, Judge Sahib. Yes. Times. They are saying Chaku is gone, Judge Sahib. Yes. Times. They are saying Chaku is gone, Judge Sahib. Yes. You are after me, yes. To you You are after me, yes. To you You are after me, yes. To you Do you know what mental state I was in? Yes. Do you know what mental state I was in? Yes. Do you know what mental state I was in? Yes. What was going on in my mind? You pen What was going on in my mind? You pen What was going on in my mind? You pen Take the paper and make it a serious business. pen Take the paper and make it a serious business. pen Take the paper and make it a serious business. pen Keep it first. Keep it first. Keep it first. There is so much privilege that by murdering There is so much privilege that by murdering There is so much privilege that by murdering We will call them to court and even then they will be punished once. We will call them to court and even then they will be punished once. We will call them to court and even then they will be punished once. The law will let you know that yes, she is right. The law will let you know that yes, she is right. The law will let you know that yes, she is right. Is. [Laughter] Is. [Laughter] Is. [Laughter] God made something for us boys. God made something for us boys. God made something for us boys. No, brother. I didn't make anything brother. You No, brother. I didn't make anything brother. You No, brother. I didn't make anything brother. You If you commit murder, you will have to go to jail. you go If you commit murder, you will have to go to jail. you go If you commit murder, you will have to go to jail. you go I cannot speak in court in my peace. I cannot speak in court in my peace. I cannot speak in court in my peace. The penis got stuck so I did it The penis got stuck so I did it The penis got stuck so I did it [Applause] I can't say it at all. [Applause] I can't say it at all. [Applause] I can't say it at all. I have been [laughs] You can't say anything at all, you will be punished. You can't say anything at all, you will be punished. You can't say anything at all, you will be punished. I'll slap you a couple of times separately [laughs] Sisterfucker, he has committed murder and is also an idiot. I can't say everything bro. I can't say everything bro. I can't say everything bro. Look, there comes a time in a relationship when Look, there comes a time in a relationship when Look, there comes a time in a relationship when One of the two realizes One of the two realizes One of the two realizes that oh [ __ ] that oh [ __ ] that oh [ __ ] We have no future at all. We have no future at all. We have no future at all. O! O! O! This should have been discussed on day one. This should have been discussed on day one. This should have been discussed on day one. But never mind, it's been 5 years, you could have done it today. But never mind, it's been 5 years, you could have done it today. But never mind, it's been 5 years, you could have done it today. Are. [laughs] So in my relationship Are. [laughs] So in my relationship Are. [laughs] So in my relationship The time had come. One day she suddenly started crying. The time had come. One day she suddenly started crying. The time had come. One day she suddenly started crying. Saying I Don't Think We Have a Future Saying I Don't Think We Have a Future Saying I Don't Think We Have a Future Together. Then I started crying after hearing this. This much Together. Then I started crying after hearing this. This much Together. Then I started crying after hearing this. This much Open your purse and juice will come out, sister [laughs]. Open your purse and juice will come out, sister [laughs]. Open your purse and juice will come out, sister [laughs]. So I calmed down a bit and asked So I calmed down a bit and asked So I calmed down a bit and asked How much time do you have left [laughs] I mean, [laughs] I mean, [laughs] I mean, [laughs] I told you you have cancer. I told you you have cancer. I told you you have cancer. You smoke cigarettes [laughs] I'm narrow-minded. You smoke cigarettes [laughs] I'm narrow-minded. You smoke cigarettes [laughs] I'm narrow-minded. Do you understand that you are crazy, I don't Do you understand that you are crazy, I don't Do you understand that you are crazy, I don't think this is working out why I did what think this is working out why I did what think this is working out why I did what [sound of clearing throat] It's done. Now! [sound of clearing throat] It's done. Now! [sound of clearing throat] It's done. Now! So everything was fine. Can I Was Skeptical So everything was fine. Can I Was Skeptical So everything was fine. Can I Was Skeptical About It From a Very Long Time. Me About It From a Very Long Time. Me About It From a Very Long Time. Me It's been a while since I've felt like Initial Day. It's been a while since I've felt like Initial Day. It's been a while since I've felt like Initial Day. It was not happening. Feels like initial time It was not happening. Feels like initial time It was not happening. Feels like initial time It was not happening. Then I thought that It was not happening. Then I thought that It was not happening. Then I thought that It will be temporary, but it is quiet some month now. It will be temporary, but it is quiet some month now. It will be temporary, but it is quiet some month now. And I still feel the same way. So And I still feel the same way. So And I still feel the same way. So I told my friends and my I told my friends and my I told my friends and my Friends said tell him the truth Friends said tell him the truth Friends said tell him the truth if you or if you without feeling if you or if you without feeling if you or if you without feeling Even if you are in a relationship, you are cheating. Even if you are in a relationship, you are cheating. Even if you are in a relationship, you are cheating. It is counted. [sound of clearing throat] I said Sean [sound of clearing throat] I said Sean [sound of clearing throat] I said Sean Don't create. Don't create. Don't create. Don't create a scene. Don't create a scene. Don't create a scene. Don't create a scene. Don't create a scene. Don't create a scene. She is saying that this scene is not even being created. She is saying that this scene is not even being created. She is saying that this scene is not even being created. There are only two of us sitting in the room. I said let's work. I got my job I said let's work. I got my job I said let's work. I got my job It was there at that time. I said let's do one thing. It was there at that time. I said let's do one thing. It was there at that time. I said let's do one thing. The salary has arrived, let's go on a trip. I am saying The salary has arrived, let's go on a trip. I am saying The salary has arrived, let's go on a trip. I am saying Don't think we should meet anymore. Don't think we should meet anymore. Don't think we should meet anymore. I said let's do one thing, let's take a break I said let's do one thing, let's take a break I said let's do one thing, let's take a break Are. I had already seen Friends by then. Are. I had already seen Friends by then. Are. I had already seen Friends by then. I knew you could take a break. I knew you could take a break. I knew you could take a break. Yes, relationship. But there is a reason for this because Yes, relationship. But there is a reason for this because Yes, relationship. But there is a reason for this because I am not preparing for the conversation right now. I am not preparing for the conversation right now. I am not preparing for the conversation right now. I have come. I have come to eat food. Little I have come. I have come to eat food. Little I have come. I have come to eat food. Little I will get time. If this too stays a little far away I will get time. If this too stays a little far away I will get time. If this too stays a little far away You will understand and realise it. I said You will understand and realise it. I said You will understand and realise it. I said Let's take a break. say you can try Let's take a break. say you can try Let's take a break. say you can try Whatever you want. But I don't think this is Whatever you want. But I don't think this is Whatever you want. But I don't think this is Going to work out. Then he said and went home Going to work out. Then he said and went home Going to work out. Then he said and went home Went. Went. Went. I started feeling very useless. I went home I started feeling very useless. I went home I started feeling very useless. I went home I started feeling like a patient. I started feeling like a patient. I started feeling like a patient. How many of you have ever How many of you have ever How many of you have ever Have you had a breakup? Yes, ma'am, tell me when did it happen? Have you had a breakup? Yes, ma'am, tell me when did it happen? Have you had a breakup? Yes, ma'am, tell me when did it happen? Is your breakup? Is your breakup? Is your breakup? three days ago. three days ago. three days ago. three days ago three days ago three days ago And how long was your relationship? And how long was your relationship? And how long was your relationship? Two years. Two years. Two years. You did it for two years. He did. You did it for two years. He did. You did it for two years. He did. Both did it because after two years Both did it because after two years Both did it because after two years Realized that we don't have a future Realized that we don't have a future Realized that we don't have a future Together. Together. Together. Okay, okay. To those who have happened to Okay, okay. To those who have happened to Okay, okay. To those who have happened to I know there is an emotional pain along with it. I know there is an emotional pain along with it. I know there is an emotional pain along with it. There is also a physical pen. You are very patient There is also a physical pen. You are very patient There is also a physical pen. You are very patient Typing starts to feel heavy. I so Typing starts to feel heavy. I so Typing starts to feel heavy. I so I went home and I didn't feel like doing any work. I went home and I didn't feel like doing any work. I went home and I didn't feel like doing any work. doing. I can't talk to anyone doing. I can't talk to anyone doing. I can't talk to anyone I am not able to do any work, am I? I am not able to do any work, am I? I am not able to do any work, am I? I am saying something to someone. I am saying something to someone. I am saying something to someone. This is what happens when the first phase of a relationship This is what happens when the first phase of a relationship This is what happens when the first phase of a relationship What happens is fictional fuzz. in that you What happens is fictional fuzz. in that you What happens is fictional fuzz. in that you They roam around happily like idiots. a girl They roam around happily like idiots. a girl They roam around happily like idiots. a girl 100 bad things happen in your life. 100 bad things happen in your life. 100 bad things happen in your life. It starts to feel good. But the same girl It starts to feel good. But the same girl It starts to feel good. But the same girl When the boy leaves you. 100 good When the boy leaves you. 100 good When the boy leaves you. 100 good Things start to feel bad to you. you to sleep Things start to feel bad to you. you to sleep Things start to feel bad to you. you to sleep You are sitting in a palace but you think you are You are sitting in a palace but you think you are You are sitting in a palace but you think you are You are sitting covered in polythene. And I so You are sitting covered in polythene. And I so You are sitting covered in polythene. And I so I am a bit of an uncle type. I am a bit of an uncle type. I am a bit of an uncle type. [sound of clearing throat] I am just a body [sound of clearing throat] I am just a body [sound of clearing throat] I am just a body get left. Will Tao sisterfucker be coming? get left. Will Tao sisterfucker be coming? get left. Will Tao sisterfucker be coming? Yamraj now. [Laughter] Yamraj now. [Laughter] Yamraj now. [Laughter] After so much suffering, will anyone survive? After so much suffering, will anyone survive? After so much suffering, will anyone survive? Then it is over. Feeling very heavy Then it is over. Feeling very heavy Then it is over. Feeling very heavy Had been. 10-15 days passed. I thought that now Had been. 10-15 days passed. I thought that now Had been. 10-15 days passed. I thought that now Something has to be done. How long will I remain in this darkness? Something has to be done. How long will I remain in this darkness? Something has to be done. How long will I remain in this darkness? I will keep going. I Googled me I will keep going. I Googled me I will keep going. I Googled me What should be done? So Google said that you What should be done? So Google said that you What should be done? So Google said that you Don't keep it inside you. You will keep it inside you Don't keep it inside you. You will keep it inside you Don't keep it inside you. You will keep it inside you It will become poison. It will spread throughout your body. It will become poison. It will spread throughout your body. It will become poison. It will spread throughout your body. You should share this with people. as much as you You should share this with people. as much as you You should share this with people. as much as you The more you tell me, the more light you will feel. I said The more you tell me, the more light you will feel. I said The more you tell me, the more light you will feel. I said It is a fact. It's been 15 days since someone It is a fact. It's been 15 days since someone It is a fact. It's been 15 days since someone There is no clue. Because I also give examples There is no clue. Because I also give examples There is no clue. Because I also give examples You give me the relationship. That You give me the relationship. That You give me the relationship. That [nasal sound] relationship [nasal sound] relationship [nasal sound] relationship So be it. Yes. How to go right now So be it. Yes. How to go right now So be it. Yes. How to go right now Should I tell you the news of the breakup? Yes. Do you understand? Should I tell you the news of the breakup? Yes. Do you understand? Should I tell you the news of the breakup? Yes. Do you understand? So I called my friend. Our So I called my friend. Our So I called my friend. Our Deepanshu is my friend. called him to Deepanshu is my friend. called him to Deepanshu is my friend. called him to Brother, it is like this. She is asking for a breakup Brother, it is like this. She is asking for a breakup Brother, it is like this. She is asking for a breakup Is. I have convinced myself to take a break. Is. I have convinced myself to take a break. Is. I have convinced myself to take a break. She is saying that she doesn't feel the same as before. She is saying that she doesn't feel the same as before. She is saying that she doesn't feel the same as before. Friends can remain as they are. Said brother, look Friends can remain as they are. Said brother, look Friends can remain as they are. Said brother, look Let me tell you one thing straight from the 100, girls. Let me tell you one thing straight from the 100, girls. Let me tell you one thing straight from the 100, girls. who needs sex And you might not be able to have sex. And you might not be able to have sex. And you might not be able to have sex. I was feeling useless. feeling bad I was feeling useless. feeling bad I was feeling useless. feeling bad Was. Was. Was. Google told me this after asking Yahoo. Google told me this after asking Yahoo. Google told me this after asking Yahoo. I remained sitting listening. Vomit I remained sitting listening. Vomit I remained sitting listening. Vomit [throat clearing sound] Straight thing going [throat clearing sound] Straight thing going [throat clearing sound] Straight thing going It stuck in my mind. Two minutes later, he called again. It stuck in my mind. Two minutes later, he called again. It stuck in my mind. Two minutes later, he called again. Went after two minutes. He is saying that brother Pandey is also there. Went after two minutes. He is saying that brother Pandey is also there. Went after two minutes. He is saying that brother Pandey is also there. On call. On call. On call. We want to know what your little one is. We want to know what your little one is. We want to know what your little one is. What? I said, brother, don't call me for two-three months. I said, brother, don't call me for two-three months. I said, brother, don't call me for two-three months. to do. to do. to do. I am blocking you guys. I am blocking you guys. I am blocking you guys. Cut it in this manner for another 10-15 days. then felt Cut it in this manner for another 10-15 days. then felt Cut it in this manner for another 10-15 days. then felt That enough has been broken. It's been a month That enough has been broken. It's been a month That enough has been broken. It's been a month Is. I need clarity now or I Is. I need clarity now or I Is. I need clarity now or I Got closure. I will move ahead in life. Or Got closure. I will move ahead in life. Or Got closure. I will move ahead in life. Or So it is also the Day of Hope, who knows now a So it is also the Day of Hope, who knows now a So it is also the Day of Hope, who knows now a He must have realised it within a month. Yes He must have realised it within a month. Yes He must have realised it within a month. Yes I will go and talk to you. So I bought a gift I will go and talk to you. So I bought a gift I will go and talk to you. So I bought a gift Took. Called this one. We did it twice Took. Called this one. We did it twice Took. Called this one. We did it twice Cut it off. I did it five times and it cut me off. Cut it off. I did it five times and it cut me off. Cut it off. I did it five times and it cut me off. Then he stopped picking it up. 15 times Then he stopped picking it up. 15 times Then he stopped picking it up. 15 times Went. It's 25. 35 45 55 Went. It's 25. 35 45 55 Went. It's 25. 35 45 55 Then I felt that I was busy. Hey, I am also this mature. Yes. You Hey, I am also this mature. Yes. You Hey, I am also this mature. Yes. You Are people not mature? Yes. [Laughter] Are people not mature? Yes. [Laughter] Are people not mature? Yes. [Laughter] You thought I would discuss it at home. You thought I would discuss it at home. You thought I would discuss it at home. Nearby, 10 minutes away. I went like this Nearby, 10 minutes away. I went like this Nearby, 10 minutes away. I went like this Home. I rang the bell. Our common from inside Home. I rang the bell. Our common from inside Home. I rang the bell. Our common from inside The friend who turned out to be Ishaan. He asked, what is he doing here? you are saying He asked, what is he doing here? you are saying He asked, what is he doing here? you are saying What are you doing here? They came from behind. Say What are you doing here? They came from behind. Say What are you doing here? They came from behind. Say What are you doing here? I said What are you doing here? I said What are you doing here? I said I was here for some time now. Now! I was here for some time now. Now! I was here for some time now. Now! I went there a while ago. what are you doing here I went there a while ago. what are you doing here I went there a while ago. what are you doing here Used to be? We Used to be? We Used to be? We say [sound of clearing throat] ever since our say [sound of clearing throat] ever since our say [sound of clearing throat] ever since our There has been a breakup. I said we broke up There has been a breakup. I said we broke up There has been a breakup. I said we broke up Is. We are on a break. say break then Is. We are on a break. say break then Is. We are on a break. say break then It is in your mind, isn't it? from my side It is in your mind, isn't it? from my side It is in your mind, isn't it? from my side So the breakup has happened. I said since when So the breakup has happened. I said since when So the breakup has happened. I said since when We have broken up. I used to cry a lot We have broken up. I used to cry a lot We have broken up. I used to cry a lot Am. I remain very worried. I am very Am. I remain very worried. I am very Am. I remain very worried. I am very I remain sad. I don't understand I I remain sad. I don't understand I I remain sad. I don't understand I What should I do? And today I hit my lowest. What should I do? And today I hit my lowest. What should I do? And today I hit my lowest. I didn't understand I have been since morning I didn't understand I have been since morning I didn't understand I have been since morning I was feeling suicidal. So He Just Came I was feeling suicidal. So He Just Came I was feeling suicidal. So He Just Came Here to make me feel comfortable. I said Ishaan is my brother. I said Ishaan is my brother. I said Ishaan is my brother. I am also [ __ ]. I am also [ __ ]. I am also [ __ ]. I keep crying all day long. I keep crying all day long. I keep crying all day long. I don't understand what to do? I don't understand what to do? I don't understand what to do? Please make me feel comfortable. Please make me feel comfortable. Please make me feel comfortable. How will you do it? You must be hugging. you cuddle How will you do it? You must be hugging. you cuddle How will you do it? You must be hugging. you cuddle Will do it. Do you kiss on the forehead? you have Will do it. Do you kiss on the forehead? you have Will do it. Do you kiss on the forehead? you have Some have taken a diploma, some are comfortable Some have taken a diploma, some are comfortable Some have taken a diploma, some are comfortable No [laughs]. No [laughs]. No [laughs]. come here give me a hug ishaan or dude you are come here give me a hug ishaan or dude you are come here give me a hug ishaan or dude you are making it so uncomfortable do please make pee making it so uncomfortable do please make pee making it so uncomfortable do please make pee Will comfortable Ishaan come here give me hug saying Will comfortable Ishaan come here give me hug saying Will comfortable Ishaan come here give me hug saying dude step away dude dude you're stepping on dude step away dude dude you're stepping on dude step away dude dude you're stepping on I said please give me a hug, someone told me I said please give me a hug, someone told me I said please give me a hug, someone told me Pushed, pulled and slapped, hey Pushed, pulled and slapped, hey Pushed, pulled and slapped, hey Sisterfucker, this is what keeps happening with you guys. She also keeps telling me that you are mine too She also keeps telling me that you are mine too She also keeps telling me that you are mine too He says, is this my job, sisterfucker? He says, is this my job, sisterfucker? He says, is this my job, sisterfucker? I picked up my bag from the sofa and made my way downstairs. I picked up my bag from the sofa and made my way downstairs. I picked up my bag from the sofa and made my way downstairs. Got down. Whatever phones these people make, yes Got down. Whatever phones these people make, yes Got down. Whatever phones these people make, yes Call this Holi Raghuveeravali [laughs] And this girl started shouting at me. And this girl started shouting at me. And this girl started shouting at me. How can you slap the [ __ ] out of him, man? How can you slap the [ __ ] out of him, man? How can you slap the [ __ ] out of him, man? He just came here to help me out, yes, and He just came here to help me out, yes, and He just came here to help me out, yes, and You don't understand what you don't understand You don't understand what you don't understand You don't understand what you don't understand I feel like I was before I feel like I was before I feel like I was before I was honest with you, now I don't feel it I was honest with you, now I don't feel it I was honest with you, now I don't feel it You seem like a wall You seem like a wall You seem like a wall I don't get any feeling when I look at the wall. I don't get any feeling when I look at the wall. I don't get any feeling when I look at the wall. I don't get any feelings when I see you I don't get any feelings when I see you I don't get any feelings when I see you You don't understand what you think You don't understand what you think You don't understand what you think Will you give me a break of 15 days like this? Will you give me a break of 15 days like this? Will you give me a break of 15 days like this? You will give me a month's break and everything will happen. You will give me a month's break and everything will happen. You will give me a month's break and everything will happen. Change, will you call me 50 times? I will Change, will you call me 50 times? I will Change, will you call me 50 times? I will Change my mind. Hey, this thing is not infused. Change my mind. Hey, this thing is not infused. Change my mind. Hey, this thing is not infused. Can be done. You understand. you try it Can be done. You understand. you try it Can be done. You understand. you try it You can bring me back to Singh Lala by doing that when You can bring me back to Singh Lala by doing that when You can bring me back to Singh Lala by doing that when It will not come from within me. It will not come from within me. It will not come from within me. As long as I was there, I was with you honestly. As long as I was there, I was with you honestly. As long as I was there, I was with you honestly. Do You Want Me to Fake It? yes do you want Do You Want Me to Fake It? yes do you want Do You Want Me to Fake It? yes do you want Me too fake it? I said yes. I said yes. I said yes. Do whatever you want to do. It should become like the old one. You Do whatever you want to do. It should become like the old one. You Do whatever you want to do. It should become like the old one. You You are crazy. you don't understand You are crazy. you don't understand You are crazy. you don't understand What happened. Any man at this point would have What happened. Any man at this point would have What happened. Any man at this point would have Left me and gone. But inside you Left me and gone. But inside you Left me and gone. But inside you You are ashamed, you don't understand. You are ashamed, you don't understand. You are ashamed, you don't understand. What are you doing. What are you doing. What are you doing. I am starting to feel very bad. Very I am starting to feel very bad. Very I am starting to feel very bad. Very I started feeling very bad, meaning this I started feeling very bad, meaning this I started feeling very bad, meaning this Come and give me anything in this world, you people Come and give me anything in this world, you people Come and give me anything in this world, you people You come and tell me, it doesn't matter to me at all. You come and tell me, it doesn't matter to me at all. You come and tell me, it doesn't matter to me at all. But [sound of clearing throat] girl But [sound of clearing throat] girl But [sound of clearing throat] girl I can't say it, friend. You look at the relationship I can't say it, friend. You look at the relationship I can't say it, friend. You look at the relationship How much should you go out of your way for your partner? How much should you go out of your way for your partner? How much should you go out of your way for your partner? You do things for Above your friends You do things for Above your friends You do things for Above your friends You prioritize it. your parents You prioritize it. your parents You prioritize it. your parents You fight with You think this, not your family members You fight with You think this, not your family members You fight with You think this, not your family members If you agree, you will run away. But when those same people turn If you agree, you will run away. But when those same people turn If you agree, you will run away. But when those same people turn They go and turn against you. So it They go and turn against you. So it They go and turn against you. So it Is the most hurtful feeling in the world. Is the most hurtful feeling in the world. Is the most hurtful feeling in the world. I started getting very angry. I I started getting very angry. I I started getting very angry. I said give me one reason why are you doing said give me one reason why are you doing said give me one reason why are you doing Dec. And I'll make sure I never will Dec. And I'll make sure I never will Dec. And I'll make sure I never will Call you again. I'll Make Sure You Will Call you again. I'll Make Sure You Will Call you again. I'll Make Sure You Will Never get to see my face again. As soon as he hears Never get to see my face again. As soon as he hears Never get to see my face again. As soon as he hears She started crying. Then she calmed down. Then he She started crying. Then she calmed down. Then he She started crying. Then she calmed down. Then he Told you that you are a good boy. I Told you that you are a good boy. I Told you that you are a good boy. I Said I know that. Said I know that. Said I know that. [laughter] But the problem is that you [laughter] But the problem is that you [laughter] But the problem is that you You are a little too good. You are a little too good. You are a little too good. You have no opinions of your own You have no opinions of your own You have no opinions of your own Are. If I said left, you would turn left. Are. If I said left, you would turn left. Are. If I said left, you would turn left. yes. If I say right, you become right. yes. If I say right, you become right. yes. If I say right, you become right. You are like kneaded dough. I understood what had happened. I understood what had happened. I understood what had happened. [sound of clearing throat] [laughter] Now I am not getting angry. I feel Now I am not getting angry. I feel Now I am not getting angry. I feel If something is not going on like this, I will leave. Me If something is not going on like this, I will leave. Me If something is not going on like this, I will leave. Me I want to say something hurtful. have to say something like I want to say something hurtful. have to say something like I want to say something hurtful. have to say something like Which makes him feel guilty. to know this Which makes him feel guilty. to know this Which makes him feel guilty. to know this He must have done wrong to me. This is He must have done wrong to me. This is He must have done wrong to me. This is Probably the last time speaking to her. Yes, Probably the last time speaking to her. Yes, Probably the last time speaking to her. Yes, After this we probably did not have any conversation. After this we probably did not have any conversation. After this we probably did not have any conversation. Saying something that hurts him Saying something that hurts him Saying something that hurts him Always makes me feel guilty and I am standing here. Always makes me feel guilty and I am standing here. Always makes me feel guilty and I am standing here. I also planned a lot of things. I also planned a lot of things. I also planned a lot of things. I will say that this relationship I will say that this relationship I will say that this relationship Was the best part about my life. But now Was the best part about my life. But now Was the best part about my life. But now That you are going like this. This has become the That you are going like this. This has become the That you are going like this. This has become the Worst Part About My Life. Everything Worst Part About My Life. Everything Worst Part About My Life. Everything I have brought it after memorizing it. I want to say everything. I have brought it after memorizing it. I want to say everything. I have brought it after memorizing it. I want to say everything. I'm feeling a bit very angry. I'm feeling a bit very angry. I'm feeling a bit very angry. But I couldn't say anything to him But I couldn't say anything to him But I couldn't say anything to him Front. I felt that I should feel guilty about this. Front. I felt that I should feel guilty about this. Front. I felt that I should feel guilty about this. Don't have to give. My father once told me Don't have to give. My father once told me Don't have to give. My father once told me I never felt guilty about a man leaving. I never felt guilty about a man leaving. I never felt guilty about a man leaving. Should not be given. Should not be given. Should not be given. When I was in 10th, my grandmother's lungs When I was in 10th, my grandmother's lungs When I was in 10th, my grandmother's lungs They had gone bad. She used to smoke a lot. So They had gone bad. She used to smoke a lot. So They had gone bad. She used to smoke a lot. So So yes, I used to drink it regularly. So we them So yes, I used to drink it regularly. So we them So yes, I used to drink it regularly. So we them He was taken to the hospital and the doctors saved him. He was taken to the hospital and the doctors saved him. He was taken to the hospital and the doctors saved him. To them in some way. But he said this a lot To them in some way. But he said this a lot To them in some way. But he said this a lot It is critical. Now she'll smoke again. It is critical. Now she'll smoke again. It is critical. Now she'll smoke again. So we won't be able to save her. So keep n So we won't be able to save her. So keep n So we won't be able to save her. So keep n Eye on her. We went home with grandmother. 7 Eye on her. We went home with grandmother. 7 Eye on her. We went home with grandmother. 7 For eight months, Grandma was very clean and absolutely For eight months, Grandma was very clean and absolutely For eight months, Grandma was very clean and absolutely We were also careful. then suddenly We were also careful. then suddenly We were also careful. then suddenly He doesn't know what happened. He neighborhood He doesn't know what happened. He neighborhood He doesn't know what happened. He neighborhood By giving such money to the child, he is put in chains like this. By giving such money to the child, he is put in chains like this. By giving such money to the child, he is put in chains like this. Got it. And for three, four, five days she was Got it. And for three, four, five days she was Got it. And for three, four, five days she was Smoking and no one found out one day Smoking and no one found out one day Smoking and no one found out one day It suddenly collapsed and took everyone It suddenly collapsed and took everyone It suddenly collapsed and took everyone They ran to the hospital because of my boards. They ran to the hospital because of my boards. They ran to the hospital because of my boards. There was an exam and we were home after two-three days. There was an exam and we were home after two-three days. There was an exam and we were home after two-three days. The renovation was going on in a chaotic manner. The renovation was going on in a chaotic manner. The renovation was going on in a chaotic manner. The atmosphere was such that everyone went to the hospital and the doctor The atmosphere was such that everyone went to the hospital and the doctor The atmosphere was such that everyone went to the hospital and the doctor I replied that we won't be able to save her. I replied that we won't be able to save her. I replied that we won't be able to save her. Papa said, still you should get him treated. Papa said, still you should get him treated. Papa said, still you should get him treated. I will definitely try from my end. I will definitely try from my end. I will definitely try from my end. All the money in the house was on him. All the money in the house was on him. All the money in the house was on him. I invested Rs 10-15 lakhs in two-three days. I invested Rs 10-15 lakhs in two-three days. I invested Rs 10-15 lakhs in two-three days. Grandmother regained consciousness inside and after two-three days Grandmother regained consciousness inside and after two-three days Grandmother regained consciousness inside and after two-three days He came and as soon as grandmother regained consciousness she said that He came and as soon as grandmother regained consciousness she said that He came and as soon as grandmother regained consciousness she said that Keep ₹13500 in my box. Keep ₹13500 in my box. Keep ₹13500 in my box. If the treatment would take that much, I would think If the treatment would take that much, I would think If the treatment would take that much, I would think Give. [Laughter] It cost ₹15 lakh. [Laughter] It cost ₹15 lakh. [Laughter] It cost ₹15 lakh. [Laughter] And Papa said, hey, I am busy with the treatment. And Papa said, hey, I am busy with the treatment. And Papa said, hey, I am busy with the treatment. It is ₹6000. Why are you getting worried? And all It is ₹6000. Why are you getting worried? And all It is ₹6000. Why are you getting worried? And all People got angry with Papa and said, hey Papa People got angry with Papa and said, hey Papa People got angry with Papa and said, hey Papa Why didn't you tell grandma? they know Why didn't you tell grandma? they know Why didn't you tell grandma? they know So let's go, he did something wrong. Yes. For them So let's go, he did something wrong. Yes. For them So let's go, he did something wrong. Yes. For them You should have made him realise this. Father You should have made him realise this. Father You should have made him realise this. Father He said, look, grandmother left after two-three days. He said, look, grandmother left after two-three days. He said, look, grandmother left after two-three days. Will go. And I don't want those two or three Will go. And I don't want those two or three Will go. And I don't want those two or three Live the day with the guilt that they did wrong Live the day with the guilt that they did wrong Live the day with the guilt that they did wrong Have done. When a man does wrong to you Have done. When a man does wrong to you Have done. When a man does wrong to you So he already feels guilty. One So he already feels guilty. One So he already feels guilty. One It is human nature. Feeling guilty a lot It is human nature. Feeling guilty a lot It is human nature. Feeling guilty a lot It is a basic thing. Everyone feels all this. When It is a basic thing. Everyone feels all this. When It is a basic thing. Everyone feels all this. When A man who does wrong to you, he does it himself. A man who does wrong to you, he does it himself. A man who does wrong to you, he does it himself. There is a self-realization that he is guilty. There is a self-realization that he is guilty. There is a self-realization that he is guilty. Is. Don't make it worse by telling him. Is. Don't make it worse by telling him. Is. Don't make it worse by telling him. do it. Never let any departing person feel guilty. do it. Never let any departing person feel guilty. do it. Never let any departing person feel guilty. Should not be given. By telling them the truth Should not be given. By telling them the truth Should not be given. By telling them the truth There is no benefit of it. Everyone's ego is satisfied There is no benefit of it. Everyone's ego is satisfied There is no benefit of it. Everyone's ego is satisfied It will happen. So I also remained standing there. It will happen. So I also remained standing there. It will happen. So I also remained standing there. I could not say anything to him. I all I could not say anything to him. I all I could not say anything to him. I all He had taken some things away after beating me. I He had taken some things away after beating me. I He had taken some things away after beating me. I I just stood there. telling you to say something I just stood there. telling you to say something I just stood there. telling you to say something Not there. Not there. Not there. [sound of clearing throat] I said mine [sound of clearing throat] I said mine [sound of clearing throat] I said mine There is some stuff lying at your house. I There is some stuff lying at your house. I There is some stuff lying at your house. I I will come and take it next week. Just saying you came I will come and take it next week. Just saying you came I will come and take it next week. Just saying you came Why were they? [sound of clearing throat] Why were they? [sound of clearing throat] Why were they? [sound of clearing throat] I said I thought everything would be fine. I said I thought everything would be fine. I said I thought everything would be fine. But I don't think, now looking at it I don't think so But I don't think, now looking at it I don't think so But I don't think, now looking at it I don't think so Something is going to be alright. And having said this, I Something is going to be alright. And having said this, I Something is going to be alright. And having said this, I He started descending the stairs like this. It stopped me from He started descending the stairs like this. It stopped me from He started descending the stairs like this. It stopped me from If you want, we can be friends. If you want, we can be friends. If you want, we can be friends. Are. I said, brother, I am not friends with you. I said, brother, I am not friends with you. I said, brother, I am not friends with you. Will get it. Then I go back and watch my friend for a while Will get it. Then I go back and watch my friend for a while Will get it. Then I go back and watch my friend for a while I will become. Then [laughter] I went up two or three more stairs. I will become. Then [laughter] I went up two or three more stairs. I will become. Then [laughter] I went up two or three more stairs. Came down. Then she stopped me saying a Came down. Then she stopped me saying a Came down. Then she stopped me saying a Go while explaining the matter. Go while explaining the matter. Go while explaining the matter. Am I Making a Mistake? I said a girl like you can never make a I said a girl like you can never make a I said a girl like you can never make a Mistake. Mistake. Mistake. After a breakup, you go through a phase. After a breakup, you go through a phase. After a breakup, you go through a phase. Face with moving on. Yes, what to do with it Face with moving on. Yes, what to do with it Face with moving on. Yes, what to do with it I don't even know what it is. How many people you I don't even know what it is. How many people you I don't even know what it is. How many people you Among the people who are just moving on Among the people who are just moving on Among the people who are just moving on Are. If you don't raise your hand, you'll look very useless. Are. If you don't raise your hand, you'll look very useless. Are. If you don't raise your hand, you'll look very useless. You. [Laughter] You. [Laughter] You. [Laughter] Because you broke up three days ago. Because you broke up three days ago. Because you broke up three days ago. Is. Yes, and there is someone else besides them who Is. Yes, and there is someone else besides them who Is. Yes, and there is someone else besides them who [sound of clearing throat] Okay, the rest of you. [sound of clearing throat] Okay, the rest of you. [sound of clearing throat] Okay, the rest of you. So they don't even believe it. So they don't even believe it. So they don't even believe it. Yes, no, people are not able to move on. Brother Yes, no, people are not able to move on. Brother Yes, no, people are not able to move on. Brother I just had a show somewhere in Banaras or Lucknow. I just had a show somewhere in Banaras or Lucknow. I just had a show somewhere in Banaras or Lucknow. A boy was sitting in the front row. He Said A boy was sitting in the front row. He Said A boy was sitting in the front row. He Said That brother, I have been moving on for five years. That brother, I have been moving on for five years. That brother, I have been moving on for five years. Am. [Laughter] Am. [Laughter] Am. [Laughter] I said brother, the government changes every 5 years. I said brother, the government changes every 5 years. I said brother, the government changes every 5 years. I asked how big your relationship was. I asked how big your relationship was. I asked how big your relationship was. saying relationship saying relationship saying relationship [laughs] I met her at my brother's wedding. [laughs] I met her at my brother's wedding. [laughs] I met her at my brother's wedding. I said he knows you [laughs]. I said he knows you [laughs]. I said he knows you [laughs]. I am telling him this one-sidedly, not even this. I am telling him this one-sidedly, not even this. I am telling him this one-sidedly, not even this. I know I am. I know I am. I know I am. I said go ahead brother. Yes. I also stand I said go ahead brother. Yes. I also stand I said go ahead brother. Yes. I also stand Is. Came. I didn't know how to move Is. Came. I didn't know how to move Is. Came. I didn't know how to move Have to turn it on. I was just thinking that now Have to turn it on. I was just thinking that now Have to turn it on. I was just thinking that now How to proceed further. I don't see anything in life How to proceed further. I don't see anything in life How to proceed further. I don't see anything in life Used to be. [sound of throat clearing] Sonam's Used to be. [sound of throat clearing] Sonam's Used to be. [sound of throat clearing] Sonam's The call came. His friend called him. The call came. His friend called him. The call came. His friend called him. Went. That hello how are you? She so high Went. That hello how are you? She so high Went. That hello how are you? She so high asked Energy. I forgot that my asked Energy. I forgot that my asked Energy. I forgot that my My ass is torn. [Laughter] My ass is torn. [Laughter] My ass is torn. [Laughter] I said I am fine. She is saying that we should meet in the evening today. I said She is saying that we should meet in the evening today. I said She is saying that we should meet in the evening today. I said No. No. No. I said no, I don't feel like it. Then what I said no, I don't feel like it. Then what I said no, I don't feel like it. Then what Done. I said you must know Done. I said you must know Done. I said you must know Everything. If I say yes then breakup etc. Everything. If I say yes then breakup etc. Everything. If I say yes then breakup etc. It keeps happening, friend. What's in it? Ahead It keeps happening, friend. What's in it? Ahead It keeps happening, friend. What's in it? Ahead Go ahead. I said [sound of clearing throat] Go ahead. I said [sound of clearing throat] Go ahead. I said [sound of clearing throat] It is easy for you to say everything. It is easy for you to say everything. It is easy for you to say everything. Saying the Relationship Was Just a Part of Your Saying the Relationship Was Just a Part of Your Saying the Relationship Was Just a Part of Your Life. It Was Not Your Entire Life. I Life. It Was Not Your Entire Life. I Life. It Was Not Your Entire Life. I What do you know about losing a girl? What do you know about losing a girl? What do you know about losing a girl? Sadness. She is saying it well. Who would know better than me She is saying it well. Who would know better than me She is saying it well. Who would know better than me This thing? This thing? This thing? I am the best. better than you guys I am the best. better than you guys I am the best. better than you guys I can understand this thing. and very long I can understand this thing. and very long I can understand this thing. and very long It's life, brother. It is a very big world. Very It's life, brother. It is a very big world. Very It's life, brother. It is a very big world. Very There are many opportunities. a lot of people There are many opportunities. a lot of people There are many opportunities. a lot of people I will meet you. a lot of girls I will meet you. a lot of girls I will meet you. a lot of girls Will meet. You will find many boys. Yes. Will meet. You will find many boys. Yes. Will meet. You will find many boys. Yes. Who knows, you might also be bisexual. [Laughter] Who knows, you might also be bisexual. [Laughter] Who knows, you might also be bisexual. [Laughter] I said, don't say all this even as a joke. You I said, don't say all this even as a joke. You I said, don't say all this even as a joke. You What people say comes true. What people say comes true. What people say comes true. Are you saying you are crazy? [Laughter] Are you saying you are crazy? [Laughter] Are you saying you are crazy? [Laughter] Which people does this happen to? of us Which people does this happen to? of us Which people does this happen to? of us Things are not true. [Laughter] Things are not true. [Laughter] Things are not true. [Laughter] I said, tell me what should I do? I said, tell me what should I do? I said, tell me what should I do? Is? I don't understand everything. So he Is? I don't understand everything. So he Is? I don't understand everything. So he Told two-three things how to move on. Told two-three things how to move on. Told two-three things how to move on. I also learned something from my own experience. I also learned something from my own experience. I also learned something from my own experience. Learned. I will tell you guys. Look Move On Learned. I will tell you guys. Look Move On Learned. I will tell you guys. Look Move On There are only three steps to do it. you guys There are only three steps to do it. you guys There are only three steps to do it. you guys Am. It is very easy. The first is that you breathe Am. It is very easy. The first is that you breathe Am. It is very easy. The first is that you breathe Have to stay. [Laughter] Have to stay. [Laughter] Have to stay. [Laughter] This is a very important step. only then This is a very important step. only then This is a very important step. only then Both steps will work. Both steps will work. Both steps will work. Secondly, you should turn around and get back at your ex. Secondly, you should turn around and get back at your ex. Secondly, you should turn around and get back at your ex. Don't call your partner. Message Don't call your partner. Message Don't call your partner. Message Don't do it. try to contact Don't do it. try to contact Don't do it. try to contact I won't do it because you are in a relationship like this. I won't do it because you are in a relationship like this. I won't do it because you are in a relationship like this. You move in centimeters. Someday 2 You move in centimeters. Someday 2 You move in centimeters. Someday 2 cm Some day 3 cm. someday cm Some day 3 cm. someday cm Some day 3 cm. someday Well done 5 cm. But you back Well done 5 cm. But you back Well done 5 cm. But you back You go in kilometers. [laughter] that you have a You go in kilometers. [laughter] that you have a You go in kilometers. [laughter] that you have a Called 6 km. Went back. Now back Called 6 km. Went back. Now back Called 6 km. Went back. Now back Have to start from. Yes, and the third one is very Have to start from. Yes, and the third one is very Have to start from. Yes, and the third one is very The important step is that you should do this one day at The important step is that you should do this one day at The important step is that you should do this one day at A time-consuming process that I've done for myself A time-consuming process that I've done for myself A time-consuming process that I've done for myself It was very helpful. One day at a time It was very helpful. One day at a time It was very helpful. One day at a time Process that you can plan your day like this Process that you can plan your day like this Process that you can plan your day like this You have to take it so that you do not face any problem today. Today You have to take it so that you do not face any problem today. Today You have to take it so that you do not face any problem today. Today Make your day so busy that you don't have time. Make your day so busy that you don't have time. Make your day so busy that you don't have time. Didn't find it. Like you have a passion. To you Didn't find it. Like you have a passion. To you Didn't find it. Like you have a passion. To you I like running. Do you like to play badminton? I like running. Do you like to play badminton? I like running. Do you like to play badminton? Is. You like going to the gym. Prime you Is. You like going to the gym. Prime you Is. You like going to the gym. Prime you I want to become a minister. whatever you like I want to become a minister. whatever you like I want to become a minister. whatever you like [laughter] It is. You work behind it. As [laughter] It is. You work behind it. As [laughter] It is. You work behind it. As I used to do stand-up. Me and Regressively I used to do stand-up. Me and Regressively I used to do stand-up. Me and Regressively Started doing stand-up. I go to the open mic every day Started doing stand-up. I go to the open mic every day Started doing stand-up. I go to the open mic every day I started leaving. I didn't feel like it. Then I started leaving. I didn't feel like it. Then I started leaving. I didn't feel like it. Then I'm also going to open mics. from people I'm also going to open mics. from people I'm also going to open mics. from people I am talking so that I can stay at home. I am talking so that I can stay at home. I am talking so that I can stay at home. Strange things will go through my mind. Strange things will go through my mind. Strange things will go through my mind. And hang out with random people. Yes. And hang out with random people. Yes. And hang out with random people. Yes. Call anyone by putting a call wall and chatting Call anyone by putting a call wall and chatting Call anyone by putting a call wall and chatting Do it together and pass the time. random [ __ ] Do it together and pass the time. random [ __ ] Do it together and pass the time. random [ __ ] Pass the time with. I am my friends Pass the time with. I am my friends Pass the time with. I am my friends I have old friends whom I have never met before I have old friends whom I have never met before I have old friends whom I have never met before Was not there. I am calling him and saying, your brother Was not there. I am calling him and saying, your brother Was not there. I am calling him and saying, your brother I got a missed call 6 years ago. [Laughter] I got a missed call 6 years ago. [Laughter] I got a missed call 6 years ago. [Laughter] You had just come to Delhi. I am taking a bath You had just come to Delhi. I am taking a bath You had just come to Delhi. I am taking a bath Was. Was. Was. Tell me what happened? See you this evening. Saying Tell me what happened? See you this evening. Saying Tell me what happened? See you this evening. Saying Brother, I have come to Nagpur. Brother, I have come to Nagpur. Brother, I have come to Nagpur. I will meet you in Delhi in my next life. I will meet you in Delhi in my next life. I will meet you in Delhi in my next life. Now he has a very vulnerable face. brain in it Now he has a very vulnerable face. brain in it Now he has a very vulnerable face. brain in it You will get a lot of ideas in this. yes that You will get a lot of ideas in this. yes that You will get a lot of ideas in this. yes that I do one thing, I call a girl and abuse her. I do one thing, I call a girl and abuse her. I do one thing, I call a girl and abuse her. I will give it to you. Go to his house and create a scene. I will give it to you. Go to his house and create a scene. I will give it to you. Go to his house and create a scene. I give. Girls will also feel that begging I give. Girls will also feel that begging I give. Girls will also feel that begging I will ask for it. somehow beg him I will ask for it. somehow beg him I will ask for it. somehow beg him Let me stop it. But at that time, you Let me stop it. But at that time, you Let me stop it. But at that time, you You will do it and you will also feel like a winner. You will do it and you will also feel like a winner. You will do it and you will also feel like a winner. It must be that friend, I have ruined my relationship It must be that friend, I have ruined my relationship It must be that friend, I have ruined my relationship Worked very hard to save. But you 5 6 Worked very hard to save. But you 5 6 Worked very hard to save. But you 5 6 When you look back after a month, you will When you look back after a month, you will When you look back after a month, you will I will feel very guilty that I am a sisterfucker I will feel very guilty that I am a sisterfucker I will feel very guilty that I am a sisterfucker I am blocked on Instagram and WhatsApp. I am blocked on Instagram and WhatsApp. I am blocked on Instagram and WhatsApp. I am blocked. I understand sisterfucker Paytm I am blocked. I understand sisterfucker Paytm I am blocked. I understand sisterfucker Paytm Yes, it is a small black and white app. Yes, it is a small black and white app. Yes, it is a small black and white app. who has blocked me who has blocked me who has blocked me [laughter] You'll see another face move. [laughter] You'll see another face move. [laughter] You'll see another face move. Any idea to turn it on? Any idea to turn it on? Any idea to turn it on? He doesn't have to take action in your mind. He doesn't have to take action in your mind. He doesn't have to take action in your mind. Any idea comes to your mind, do one thing, one trick Any idea comes to your mind, do one thing, one trick Any idea comes to your mind, do one thing, one trick I'll tell you to get a sock and lick it properly. I'll tell you to get a sock and lick it properly. I'll tell you to get a sock and lick it properly. Okay, by licking it and wearing it and shoes Okay, by licking it and wearing it and shoes Okay, by licking it and wearing it and shoes put my foot in put my foot in put my foot in Now no idea will come to your mind. Now no idea will come to your mind. Now no idea will come to your mind. Now you will remain like this all the time sister, what is it? Now you will remain like this all the time sister, what is it? Now you will remain like this all the time sister, what is it? [applause] [cheering] Hey [applause] [cheering] Hey [applause] [cheering] Hey No no, I am like this. sex comes and goes No no, I am like this. sex comes and goes No no, I am like this. sex comes and goes You will reject it. Hut [laughs] You will reject it. Hut [laughs] You will reject it. Hut [laughs] Oh no, Janhvi Kapoor, get out of here. Oh no, Janhvi Kapoor, get out of here. Oh no, Janhvi Kapoor, get out of here. [Applause] Listen, your mind will be blown. you at night [Applause] Listen, your mind will be blown. you at night [Applause] Listen, your mind will be blown. you at night You will fall asleep tired. No idea will come You will fall asleep tired. No idea will come You will fall asleep tired. No idea will come In your mind. You do a lot of things In your mind. You do a lot of things In your mind. You do a lot of things You can. Like you can change your place. You can. Like you can change your place. You can. Like you can change your place. You can change jobs so that you get a You can change jobs so that you get a You can change jobs so that you get a Get a fresh perspective on life. So I Get a fresh perspective on life. So I Get a fresh perspective on life. So I Earlier one used to work in Noida. my job Earlier one used to work in Noida. my job Earlier one used to work in Noida. my job It had started. I told them, you guys It had started. I told them, you guys It had started. I told them, you guys I don't even know the work you give me. I don't even know the work you give me. I don't even know the work you give me. And I think very hard and do it this way And I think very hard and do it this way And I think very hard and do it this way I give. I can't do it. and right now I give. I can't do it. and right now I give. I can't do it. and right now There are a lot of things going on in my personal life. There are a lot of things going on in my personal life. There are a lot of things going on in my personal life. Has been. So I just want to log in. Has been. So I just want to log in. Has been. So I just want to log in. Doesn't do. But I live in a big city Doesn't do. But I live in a big city Doesn't do. But I live in a big city I am staying. So is my cost of living. I am staying. So is my cost of living. I am staying. So is my cost of living. Is. So you can do this for some time. Is. So you can do this for some time. Is. So you can do this for some time. What if you just give me salary? What if you just give me salary? What if you just give me salary? [laughter] And when I get better, I'll do a little [laughter] And when I get better, I'll do a little [laughter] And when I get better, I'll do a little I will compensate by doing extra work. Say I will compensate by doing extra work. Say I will compensate by doing extra work. Say I can't leave anymore. [Laughter] I can't leave anymore. [Laughter] I can't leave anymore. [Laughter] You guys fired me from my job. I You guys fired me from my job. I You guys fired me from my job. I I was on a break for two-three months until I I was on a break for two-three months until I I was on a break for two-three months until I Won't I get a little better? Then such a one day Won't I get a little better? Then such a one day Won't I get a little better? Then such a one day Through the at-time process, I gradually Through the at-time process, I gradually Through the at-time process, I gradually It went out. I never even called back It went out. I never even called back It went out. I never even called back I did it, but didn't even message. It's Been Too I did it, but didn't even message. It's Been Too I did it, but didn't even message. It's Been Too Years more than two years now. And then when Years more than two years now. And then when Years more than two years now. And then when I started feeling a little better after 5-6 months. I started feeling a little better after 5-6 months. I started feeling a little better after 5-6 months. I found a job. I first I found a job. I first I found a job. I first Used to live in Noida. I want to take a job in Gurgaon Used to live in Noida. I want to take a job in Gurgaon Used to live in Noida. I want to take a job in Gurgaon I thought my location should also change. Job I thought my location should also change. Job I thought my location should also change. Job There should also be a change. Went to work on the first day. very much There should also be a change. Went to work on the first day. very much There should also be a change. Went to work on the first day. very much Fun incident happened. Went to work on the first day. They Fun incident happened. Went to work on the first day. They Fun incident happened. Went to work on the first day. They Orientation program etc. is the job Orientation program etc. is the job Orientation program etc. is the job In. Do you guys know? In. Do you guys know? In. Do you guys know? Yes. Yes. Yes. How many of you do job-wap? How many of you do job-wap? How many of you do job-wap? From? Yes. So on the first day they paused. From? Yes. So on the first day they paused. From? Yes. So on the first day they paused. We give you training in the office. [Laughter] We give you training in the office. [Laughter] We give you training in the office. [Laughter] You know, you guys know about pose training. You know, you guys know about pose training. You know, you guys know about pose training. Is? Yes. There is someone who doesn't know the pose Is? Yes. There is someone who doesn't know the pose Is? Yes. There is someone who doesn't know the pose What happens is this. What happens is this. What happens is this. Raise your hands like this, there is nothing to be ashamed of. Raise your hands like this, there is nothing to be ashamed of. Raise your hands like this, there is nothing to be ashamed of. Is. You don't know, brother, you don't know Is. You don't know, brother, you don't know Is. You don't know, brother, you don't know Is. You don't know. ok whoever Is. You don't know. ok whoever Is. You don't know. ok whoever I don't know, like you don't know, brother. I don't know, like you don't know, brother. I don't know, like you don't know, brother. Let me tell you. Look at all the things you Let me tell you. Look at all the things you Let me tell you. Look at all the things you Runs in the mind. Runs in the mind. Runs in the mind. All that comes in posh. Yes. [Laughter] All that comes in posh. Yes. [Laughter] All that comes in posh. Yes. [Laughter] I think Posh's training design too I think Posh's training design too I think Posh's training design too It was done like this. that a girl must have come and It was done like this. that a girl must have come and It was done like this. that a girl must have come and You must have asked the boy what's going on with you. You must have asked the boy what's going on with you. You must have asked the boy what's going on with you. In the mind? In the mind? In the mind? You remain lost the whole day. someone [laughs] You remain lost the whole day. someone [laughs] You remain lost the whole day. someone [laughs] Don't tell anything to anyone. looking up into the sky Don't tell anything to anyone. looking up into the sky Don't tell anything to anyone. looking up into the sky You keep smiling. And the boy said I You keep smiling. And the boy said I You keep smiling. And the boy said I I want this to happen, sisterfucker. Let this be it I want this to happen, sisterfucker. Let this be it I want this to happen, sisterfucker. Let this be it Lets do it. And the girl must have noted everything and Lets do it. And the girl must have noted everything and Lets do it. And the girl must have noted everything and He must have written 'Posh' on top and torn it, saying that from today onwards He must have written 'Posh' on top and torn it, saying that from today onwards He must have written 'Posh' on top and torn it, saying that from today onwards Nothing will be possible. So you can go to any office Nothing will be possible. So you can go to any office Nothing will be possible. So you can go to any office I go. Give you a training I go. Give you a training I go. Give you a training Posh's training. That's the kind of training that Posh's training. That's the kind of training that Posh's training. That's the kind of training that that some of the normal things that you that some of the normal things that you that some of the normal things that you It may seem normal, but it is sexual harassment. It may seem normal, but it is sexual harassment. It may seem normal, but it is sexual harassment. It counts in . Prevention of sexual It counts in . Prevention of sexual It counts in . Prevention of sexual That is called harassment. like you are someone That is called harassment. like you are someone That is called harassment. like you are someone Girls should not be touched inappropriately like this. Girls should not be touched inappropriately like this. Girls should not be touched inappropriately like this. You can do it. don't compliment him You can do it. don't compliment him You can do it. don't compliment him You can. Don't comment on her clothes You can. Don't comment on her clothes You can. Don't comment on her clothes You can. You can't ask him out. You can. You can't ask him out. You can. You can't ask him out. Netflix and chill at my place. Not all of this Netflix and chill at my place. Not all of this Netflix and chill at my place. Not all of this You can do it. [Laughter] You can do it. [Laughter] You can do it. [Laughter] Many more pointers were written. one two then Many more pointers were written. one two then Many more pointers were written. one two then I had written nonsense that you should treat a girl like this I had written nonsense that you should treat a girl like this I had written nonsense that you should treat a girl like this You can't ping on the wall. [Laughter] Who would be such a boy? Who would be such a boy? Who would be such a boy? The one who will say that friend, I am a compliment The one who will say that friend, I am a compliment The one who will say that friend, I am a compliment I don't give. I don't give. I don't give. Sometimes I just pin it on the wall. Sometimes I just pin it on the wall. Sometimes I just pin it on the wall. And then I wrote one last pointer which made me And then I wrote one last pointer which made me And then I wrote one last pointer which made me I completely disagreed. It was written in it that I completely disagreed. It was written in it that I completely disagreed. It was written in it that You Can't Indulge in Any Kind of Sexuality You Can't Indulge in Any Kind of Sexuality You Can't Indulge in Any Kind of Sexuality Activity in this office premises. I Activity in this office premises. I Activity in this office premises. I Said Sir I have one doubt. They say get up Said Sir I have one doubt. They say get up Said Sir I have one doubt. They say get up Get up introduce yourself. Sir, I Get up introduce yourself. Sir, I Get up introduce yourself. Sir, I said sir my name is Shubham Pujari say hi said sir my name is Shubham Pujari say hi said sir my name is Shubham Pujari say hi Shubham. So happy to have you on board. Or Shubham. So happy to have you on board. Or Shubham. So happy to have you on board. Or Tell me what is your doubt? I said Sir, Tell me what is your doubt? I said Sir, Tell me what is your doubt? I said Sir, The Last Point Is Where It Says You Can't The Last Point Is Where It Says You Can't The Last Point Is Where It Says You Can't Indulge in any kind of sexual Indulge in any kind of sexual Indulge in any kind of sexual Activity in this office premises. without Activity in this office premises. without Activity in this office premises. without Consent. I [laughs] think these two words are missing I [laughs] think these two words are missing I [laughs] think these two words are missing There. There. There. Say Shubham that is very funny. See Bee It Say Shubham that is very funny. See Bee It Say Shubham that is very funny. See Bee It Consensual beat non-consensual you can't Consensual beat non-consensual you can't Consensual beat non-consensual you can't Indulge in any kind of sexual Indulge in any kind of sexual Indulge in any kind of sexual Activity in this office ruminates. I said Activity in this office ruminates. I said Activity in this office ruminates. I said Sir, you understand. [sound of clearing throat] I am ready. Yes. [Laughter] I am ready. Yes. [Laughter] I am ready. Yes. [Laughter] The girl in front is ready. Then do it The girl in front is ready. Then do it The girl in front is ready. Then do it Can. Shubham you are waking it up very much Can. Shubham you are waking it up very much Can. Shubham you are waking it up very much Awkward. [Laughter] Awkward. [Laughter] Awkward. [Laughter] Anybody Else Has This Doubt Here. He has the most Anybody Else Has This Doubt Here. He has the most Anybody Else Has This Doubt Here. He has the most I asked and no one raised their hand. someone I asked and no one raised their hand. someone I asked and no one raised their hand. someone Did not raise his hand. I can say with certainty Did not raise his hand. I can say with certainty Did not raise his hand. I can say with certainty Yes, 70% of the people will have that doubt. But this is Yes, 70% of the people will have that doubt. But this is Yes, 70% of the people will have that doubt. But this is There is a difference. A confident man has a There is a difference. A confident man has a There is a difference. A confident man has a Under confident man. I am confident Under confident man. I am confident Under confident man. I am confident So I look like an idiot. Test C Shubham So I look like an idiot. Test C Shubham So I look like an idiot. Test C Shubham Nobody has this doubt here. ok i will Nobody has this doubt here. ok i will Nobody has this doubt here. ok i will Try to explain it to you one last time. If Try to explain it to you one last time. If Try to explain it to you one last time. If If you understand then it is fine. Otherwise V If you understand then it is fine. Otherwise V If you understand then it is fine. Otherwise V We will discuss it in our office separately. We will discuss it in our office separately. We will discuss it in our office separately. That's not a waste of everyone's time here. V That's not a waste of everyone's time here. V That's not a waste of everyone's time here. V Have [sound of clearing throat] a time Have [sound of clearing throat] a time Have [sound of clearing throat] a time Crunch. I said ok sir try one more Crunch. I said ok sir try one more Crunch. I said ok sir try one more Time. [Laughter] Look, you can find any Look, you can find any Look, you can find any Involve in sexual activity Involve in sexual activity Involve in sexual activity You can't be. Whether consent or You can't be. Whether consent or You can't be. Whether consent or No consent, whether you are a couple or married No consent, whether you are a couple or married No consent, whether you are a couple or married be in any given scenario in any case what be in any given scenario in any case what be in any given scenario in any case what So ever you can not indulge in any kind of So ever you can not indulge in any kind of So ever you can not indulge in any kind of Sexual activity in this office premises. Sexual activity in this office premises. Sexual activity in this office premises. You can do any activity in this office premises You can do any activity in this office premises You can do any activity in this office premises Be involved in sexual activity Be involved in sexual activity Be involved in sexual activity You can't. You can't. You can't. I said one second, one second, one second. I said one second, one second, one second. I said one second, one second, one second. Are you guys not open minded? Are you guys not open minded? Are you guys not open minded? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.