Hi friends, I had ordered a parcel from Amazon
which I purchased today. So
I didn't do the unboxing. I am doing it right now in
front of you friends. So I wo
n't tell you what I ordered.
So I will show you only after opening it.
Look how good the packing of
Amazon is. There is no need to cut it now.
Now see how well it has opened.
So stay tuned. I will
show you. Look at this, I have
ordered hair, I mean I have just done it in
front of you guys, I used to
order from MSHO, sorry, from MSHO, I had
not bought it from Amazon, but today for the first time
I have ordered from this, let me see how it is,
you guys keep watching, it means it is
inside the net, how do I open the net from this net,
so see friends, I mean I don't know
how it is. This has to be
attached to the belt in this manner.
So, to fix the belt, you all
know how to fix it in this manner. Then it will get
stuck. If you do
n't want to get trapped in this then get trapped in this also. It will become a
little tight. Whose
hair means less. So you can do this with this.
So let me show you the best way.
Look at this, it looks absolutely real. You
can say it is absolutely real hair.
Look at this. Only such friends are real who
come home and take you away. The traders
who come on bicycles etc., they come and take away the
same. People really have hair
and it has this. You can see.
You have to put this in the middle. You have to
apply it on your head and then do this. Have to stick it.
So this is it. Look at it this way.
So let me show you this. You have to put it on your head and do
it this way and then
trap it. So I thought let me
show the meaning to my friends. After all, if
you need it, you can purchase it from Amazon
and it is not very expensive either.
So you can order it comfortably. So
I told him that I will upload a small video for you so that it
reaches you. Whatever I
order, I get it for you. So
this was mine. You can see it well.
You can also comb it.
Look at this. You can see that it is absolutely real. So that was it
friends. Bye friends.
