>> Good morning. It is Tuesday. I woke up >> Good morning. It is Tuesday. I woke up >> Good morning. It is Tuesday. I woke up this morning with the intention of going this morning with the intention of going this morning with the intention of going and walking on incline on the treadmill, and walking on incline on the treadmill, and walking on incline on the treadmill, getting back into that habit, having a getting back into that habit, having a getting back into that habit, having a productive morning, blah blah blah. Was productive morning, blah blah blah. Was productive morning, blah blah blah. Was filming my morning vlogs for Tik Tok as filming my morning vlogs for Tik Tok as filming my morning vlogs for Tik Tok as I do, and I just went to edit it while I do, and I just went to edit it while I do, and I just went to edit it while I'm sitting here for a second finishing I'm sitting here for a second finishing I'm sitting here for a second finishing my energy drink cuz I can't take these my energy drink cuz I can't take these my energy drink cuz I can't take these to the gym. to the gym. to the gym. And it's all gone. And it's all gone. And it's all gone. So, that is I guess my sign to not make So, that is I guess my sign to not make So, that is I guess my sign to not make a vlog today, which is fine. I have a a vlog today, which is fine. I have a a vlog today, which is fine. I have a Pilates class at 9:30. So, until then, Pilates class at 9:30. So, until then, Pilates class at 9:30. So, until then, I think I'm going to clean up around I think I'm going to clean up around I think I'm going to clean up around here, just do a couple things to kind of here, just do a couple things to kind of here, just do a couple things to kind of make my life easier throughout the rest make my life easier throughout the rest make my life easier throughout the rest of this week. I had these little of this week. I had these little of this week. I had these little sandwich situations. This is a biscuit, sandwich situations. This is a biscuit, sandwich situations. This is a biscuit, and then I think this one is a and then I think this one is a and then I think this one is a croissant. Yeah. And they're both with croissant. Yeah. And they're both with croissant. Yeah. And they're both with sausage, egg, and cheese. So, I don't sausage, egg, and cheese. So, I don't sausage, egg, and cheese. So, I don't know which one I want, but I feel like a know which one I want, but I feel like a know which one I want, but I feel like a biscuit sounds good. I made one of these biscuit sounds good. I made one of these biscuit sounds good. I made one of these for the first time like a month ago, and for the first time like a month ago, and for the first time like a month ago, and it was really good, but I don't think it was really good, but I don't think it was really good, but I don't think that I like made it properly. Oh, that I like made it properly. Oh, that I like made it properly. Oh, another thing, I have this actually this another thing, I have this actually this another thing, I have this actually this thing right here, matcha setup that I thing right here, matcha setup that I thing right here, matcha setup that I just keep on my counter because a few just keep on my counter because a few just keep on my counter because a few months ago whenever I had a little months ago whenever I had a little months ago whenever I had a little medical issue, I was like Actually, it medical issue, I was like Actually, it medical issue, I was like Actually, it was almost a year ago, but I had like a was almost a year ago, but I had like a was almost a year ago, but I had like a little medical issue when I thought that little medical issue when I thought that little medical issue when I thought that it was from caffeine or like rooted in it was from caffeine or like rooted in it was from caffeine or like rooted in my Alani Nu, Celsius caffeine intake. I my Alani Nu, Celsius caffeine intake. I my Alani Nu, Celsius caffeine intake. I don't think it was, but that's what I don't think it was, but that's what I don't think it was, but that's what I thought at the time. So, I was like, I thought at the time. So, I was like, I thought at the time. So, I was like, I need to start drinking matcha instead. need to start drinking matcha instead. need to start drinking matcha instead. And I just can't. Like, I cannot get And I just can't. Like, I cannot get And I just can't. Like, I cannot get this little kit to taste good. So, I this little kit to taste good. So, I this little kit to taste good. So, I want to get a coffee machine so bad, but want to get a coffee machine so bad, but want to get a coffee machine so bad, but I've been seeing so many people in the I've been seeing so many people in the I've been seeing so many people in the last like week using instant coffee and last like week using instant coffee and last like week using instant coffee and making coffee at home or like the coffee making coffee at home or like the coffee making coffee at home or like the coffee concentrate like in a bottle. And I concentrate like in a bottle. And I concentrate like in a bottle. And I don't like hot coffee. So, I feel like don't like hot coffee. So, I feel like don't like hot coffee. So, I feel like that would be that would be that would be a better option. I don't know, but if a better option. I don't know, but if a better option. I don't know, but if anyone has any suggestions, please let anyone has any suggestions, please let anyone has any suggestions, please let me know because I am in the market for me know because I am in the market for me know because I am in the market for like a good either coffee concentrate, like a good either coffee concentrate, like a good either coffee concentrate, instant coffee grounds, or espresso instant coffee grounds, or espresso instant coffee grounds, or espresso machine. I'm actually glad machine. I'm actually glad machine. I'm actually glad I'm actually glad that I am making I'm actually glad that I am making I'm actually glad that I am making breakfast before my workout because I breakfast before my workout because I breakfast before my workout because I have an ad to film. Obviously, I have to have an ad to film. Obviously, I have to have an ad to film. Obviously, I have to shower after my workout. I have to do shower after my workout. I have to do shower after my workout. I have to do that. I have an ad to film. And then I that. I have an ad to film. And then I that. I have an ad to film. And then I have another ad to film. This is just have another ad to film. This is just have another ad to film. This is just kind of helping me to get ahead and so I kind of helping me to get ahead and so I kind of helping me to get ahead and so I don't get hangry. This looks like a Egg don't get hangry. This looks like a Egg don't get hangry. This looks like a Egg McMuffin. It's actually really good. That's a lot It's actually really good. That's a lot It's actually really good. That's a lot better than I thought it was going to better than I thought it was going to better than I thought it was going to be. I'm going to eat this and then I'm be. I'm going to eat this and then I'm be. I'm going to eat this and then I'm going to go to my workout. Hi, I got going to go to my workout. Hi, I got going to go to my workout. Hi, I got back from my workout, showered, came in back from my workout, showered, came in back from my workout, showered, came in here, and curled my hair. I absolutely here, and curled my hair. I absolutely here, and curled my hair. I absolutely hate my hair like the first day that I hate my hair like the first day that I hate my hair like the first day that I curl it every single time. I always feel curl it every single time. I always feel curl it every single time. I always feel like it looks so much better when it's like it looks so much better when it's like it looks so much better when it's like two or three days of falling down. like two or three days of falling down. like two or three days of falling down. I now have to film an ad and then I have I now have to film an ad and then I have I now have to film an ad and then I have a wax appointment after that at European a wax appointment after that at European a wax appointment after that at European Wax Center, which is the only place that Wax Center, which is the only place that Wax Center, which is the only place that I have ever gone to get my eyebrows I have ever gone to get my eyebrows I have ever gone to get my eyebrows waxed. Actually, it's not the only waxed. Actually, it's not the only waxed. Actually, it's not the only place, but the other places that I've place, but the other places that I've place, but the other places that I've gone have kind of scared me a little gone have kind of scared me a little gone have kind of scared me a little bit. So, European Wax Center is like the bit. So, European Wax Center is like the bit. So, European Wax Center is like the only place that I trust. And I love only place that I trust. And I love only place that I trust. And I love getting a fresh wax in the summertime getting a fresh wax in the summertime getting a fresh wax in the summertime cuz then I just don't have to worry cuz then I just don't have to worry cuz then I just don't have to worry about doing my eyebrows all the time about doing my eyebrows all the time about doing my eyebrows all the time because my eyebrows grow really quick. because my eyebrows grow really quick. because my eyebrows grow really quick. Okay, I just got out of my wax. I Okay, I just got out of my wax. I Okay, I just got out of my wax. I literally forgot how good I feel after I literally forgot how good I feel after I literally forgot how good I feel after I get an eyebrow wax. Like I don't have to get an eyebrow wax. Like I don't have to get an eyebrow wax. Like I don't have to stress about tweezing. I don't have to stress about tweezing. I don't have to stress about tweezing. I don't have to stress about styling. Literally just stress about styling. Literally just stress about styling. Literally just takes a huge weight off of my shoulders takes a huge weight off of my shoulders takes a huge weight off of my shoulders cuz my eyebrows are so stubborn. So, cuz my eyebrows are so stubborn. So, cuz my eyebrows are so stubborn. So, getting that done makes my life a whole getting that done makes my life a whole getting that done makes my life a whole lot easier. I'm going to now go home, lot easier. I'm going to now go home, lot easier. I'm going to now go home, get some work done. I need to edit both get some work done. I need to edit both get some work done. I need to edit both of the videos that I filmed this morning of the videos that I filmed this morning of the videos that I filmed this morning and a few other things. And then the and a few other things. And then the and a few other things. And then the only thing left on my to-do list for only thing left on my to-do list for only thing left on my to-do list for today is go get a car wash. So, it's today is go get a car wash. So, it's today is go get a car wash. So, it's going to be a pretty uneventful rest of going to be a pretty uneventful rest of going to be a pretty uneventful rest of my Tuesday afternoon. >> I just got home from Whole Foods, so >> I just got home from Whole Foods, so >> I just got home from Whole Foods, so we're going to do a little haul because we're going to do a little haul because we're going to do a little haul because I feel like I got a lot of good stuff. I I feel like I got a lot of good stuff. I I feel like I got a lot of good stuff. I had a list and then I was like, while had a list and then I was like, while had a list and then I was like, while we're here, we're here, we're here, >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> might as well walk the aisles and I >> might as well walk the aisles and I >> might as well walk the aisles and I found some other good stuff that was not found some other good stuff that was not found some other good stuff that was not on the list. For proteins, I got raw on the list. For proteins, I got raw on the list. For proteins, I got raw chicken breasts again. I got these for chicken breasts again. I got these for chicken breasts again. I got these for the first time last week because I hate the first time last week because I hate the first time last week because I hate touching raw chicken and I was like, why touching raw chicken and I was like, why touching raw chicken and I was like, why not get pre-cooked and just like chop it not get pre-cooked and just like chop it not get pre-cooked and just like chop it up and put it on salads and tacos, up and put it on salads and tacos, up and put it on salads and tacos, whatever. So, I got that again cuz it whatever. So, I got that again cuz it whatever. So, I got that again cuz it was really good last week. I got two was really good last week. I got two was really good last week. I got two things of ground beef. I'm making me and things of ground beef. I'm making me and things of ground beef. I'm making me and my boyfriend burger bowls tonight, so my boyfriend burger bowls tonight, so my boyfriend burger bowls tonight, so one of those will be used and the other one of those will be used and the other one of those will be used and the other one will just use at some point this one will just use at some point this one will just use at some point this week. Also, protein, they finally had week. Also, protein, they finally had week. Also, protein, they finally had the protein coconut cult. I also got the protein coconut cult. I also got the protein coconut cult. I also got romaine lettuce and a salad kit, but I romaine lettuce and a salad kit, but I romaine lettuce and a salad kit, but I already put those away. Next is this already put those away. Next is this already put those away. Next is this raspberry juice. raspberry juice. raspberry juice. I have no idea, but it looked really I have no idea, but it looked really I have no idea, but it looked really good. There was also a morning orange good. There was also a morning orange good. There was also a morning orange one. It was like oranges, carrots, one. It was like oranges, carrots, one. It was like oranges, carrots, lemons, and apples, I think. I don't lemons, and apples, I think. I don't lemons, and apples, I think. I don't know, but it sounded good, but I know, but it sounded good, but I know, but it sounded good, but I ultimately was like, last time I had ultimately was like, last time I had ultimately was like, last time I had carrot juice, I didn't really like it, carrot juice, I didn't really like it, carrot juice, I didn't really like it, so I decided to get the raspberry one. so I decided to get the raspberry one. so I decided to get the raspberry one. It's pineapple, cucumber, raspberry, It's pineapple, cucumber, raspberry, It's pineapple, cucumber, raspberry, lime, and mint. lime, and mint. lime, and mint. I don't know, but it sounds really good. I don't know, but it sounds really good. I don't know, but it sounds really good. I got plain salted tortilla chips. I I got plain salted tortilla chips. I I got plain salted tortilla chips. I have lime ones, but I had them last have lime ones, but I had them last have lime ones, but I had them last night with my dinner and I didn't really night with my dinner and I didn't really night with my dinner and I didn't really like them, so I was like, I just want to like them, so I was like, I just want to like them, so I was like, I just want to go back to plain sea salt. And then to go back to plain sea salt. And then to go back to plain sea salt. And then to go in the burger bowls tonight, but also go in the burger bowls tonight, but also go in the burger bowls tonight, but also to dip the chips in, I got guac. Like I to dip the chips in, I got guac. Like I to dip the chips in, I got guac. Like I said, I was roaming all the aisles and I said, I was roaming all the aisles and I said, I was roaming all the aisles and I saw this mango salsa. And then I'm saw this mango salsa. And then I'm saw this mango salsa. And then I'm making a chicken and then I'm making a making a chicken and then I'm making a making a chicken and then I'm making a crunchy Greek chicken salad tomorrow or crunchy Greek chicken salad tomorrow or crunchy Greek chicken salad tomorrow or this week at some point. I don't know this week at some point. I don't know this week at some point. I don't know when, but I need Greek yogurt for it, so when, but I need Greek yogurt for it, so when, but I need Greek yogurt for it, so I got the Fage one. And then also to go I got the Fage one. And then also to go I got the Fage one. And then also to go in it, I got a red bell pepper and a in it, I got a red bell pepper and a in it, I got a red bell pepper and a sweet onion. And then for the bowls sweet onion. And then for the bowls sweet onion. And then for the bowls tonight I got a sweet potato. The rest tonight I got a sweet potato. The rest tonight I got a sweet potato. The rest is just like kind of random stuff. I got is just like kind of random stuff. I got is just like kind of random stuff. I got some pasta. I got these Annie's some pasta. I got these Annie's some pasta. I got these Annie's Cheez-Its, like Cheez-It dupes. And then Cheez-Its, like Cheez-It dupes. And then Cheez-Its, like Cheez-It dupes. And then I got butter. I got some milk, just I got butter. I got some milk, just I got butter. I got some milk, just restocks. Smoky barbecue seasoned restocks. Smoky barbecue seasoned restocks. Smoky barbecue seasoned Chomps. And then last but not least, I Chomps. And then last but not least, I Chomps. And then last but not least, I got chocolate chip muffins because I got got chocolate chip muffins because I got got chocolate chip muffins because I got banana bread a few days ago and I'm banana bread a few days ago and I'm banana bread a few days ago and I'm almost out, so I wanted to have another almost out, so I wanted to have another almost out, so I wanted to have another baked good. baked good. baked good. What is that? An honorary mention to What is that? An honorary mention to What is that? An honorary mention to Blake who just walked in with Minion Blake who just walked in with Minion Blake who just walked in with Minion cookies. I'm going to make dinner and cookies. I'm going to make dinner and cookies. I'm going to make dinner and then just chill for the rest of the then just chill for the rest of the then just chill for the rest of the night and I will see you guys tomorrow night and I will see you guys tomorrow night and I will see you guys tomorrow morning before my hair appointment. Good morning before my hair appointment. Good morning before my hair appointment. Good morning. I just did my makeup. I'm about morning. I just did my makeup. I'm about morning. I just did my makeup. I'm about to head to my hair appointment in to head to my hair appointment in to head to my hair appointment in Dallas. It's an hour away from Fort Dallas. It's an hour away from Fort Dallas. It's an hour away from Fort Worth, so I need to leave like right Worth, so I need to leave like right Worth, so I need to leave like right now. It's 9:00 and it's at 10:00. I'm now. It's 9:00 and it's at 10:00. I'm now. It's 9:00 and it's at 10:00. I'm switching everything over from this switching everything over from this switching everything over from this little Curated by Meows to bag that I've little Curated by Meows to bag that I've little Curated by Meows to bag that I've been carrying with me literally been carrying with me literally been carrying with me literally everywhere. I'm putting everything in my everywhere. I'm putting everything in my everywhere. I'm putting everything in my black purse. I'm so excited to get my black purse. I'm so excited to get my black purse. I'm so excited to get my hair done. Now that I washed it hair done. Now that I washed it hair done. Now that I washed it yesterday, I'm like it really isn't as yesterday, I'm like it really isn't as yesterday, I'm like it really isn't as bad as I thought it was. I definitely bad as I thought it was. I definitely bad as I thought it was. I definitely could use some like fresh highlights, could use some like fresh highlights, could use some like fresh highlights, especially for summer. I want to be a especially for summer. I want to be a especially for summer. I want to be a little bit brighter. I'm going to spray little bit brighter. I'm going to spray little bit brighter. I'm going to spray some of this some of this some of this on my chest. I honestly use the Glazing on my chest. I honestly use the Glazing on my chest. I honestly use the Glazing Mist more for my chest than I do for my Mist more for my chest than I do for my Mist more for my chest than I do for my face cuz like look at that. That is face cuz like look at that. That is face cuz like look at that. That is insane. Oh, I'm also going to spray even insane. Oh, I'm also going to spray even insane. Oh, I'm also going to spray even though he's literally like about to though he's literally like about to though he's literally like about to put bleach in it. I don't like it put bleach in it. I don't like it put bleach in it. I don't like it whenever I feel like my hairdresser or whenever I feel like my hairdresser or whenever I feel like my hairdresser or just anyone that's like just anyone that's like just anyone that's like touching my hair, feels like my hair is touching my hair, feels like my hair is touching my hair, feels like my hair is gross or like doesn't smell good. So I gross or like doesn't smell good. So I gross or like doesn't smell good. So I always spray the IGK hair perfume. I'm always spray the IGK hair perfume. I'm always spray the IGK hair perfume. I'm also going to pack a Chomps because I also going to pack a Chomps because I also going to pack a Chomps because I feel like I'm definitely going to get feel like I'm definitely going to get feel like I'm definitely going to get hungry and I'm trying to not eat out hungry and I'm trying to not eat out hungry and I'm trying to not eat out every time I go somewhere. It's 9:07 every time I go somewhere. It's 9:07 every time I go somewhere. It's 9:07 right now. I needed to leave 7 minutes right now. I needed to leave 7 minutes right now. I needed to leave 7 minutes ago, so ago, so ago, so let's go get my hair done. let's go get my hair done. let's go get my hair done. >> [music] >> We're so back. I love the feeling of a >> We're so back. I love the feeling of a >> We're so back. I love the feeling of a fresh highlight. Nothing beats this. Um, fresh highlight. Nothing beats this. Um, fresh highlight. Nothing beats this. Um, >> [gasps] >> [gasps] >> [gasps] >> let me think. Some updates for y'all. It >> let me think. Some updates for y'all. It >> let me think. Some updates for y'all. It was my hairdresser's birthday. was my hairdresser's birthday. was my hairdresser's birthday. Shout out Zach, if you're watching this, Shout out Zach, if you're watching this, Shout out Zach, if you're watching this, you're literally the best ever. I will you're literally the best ever. I will you're literally the best ever. I will put his at on the screen if you are in put his at on the screen if you are in put his at on the screen if you are in the Dallas Fort Worth or honestly Texas, the Dallas Fort Worth or honestly Texas, the Dallas Fort Worth or honestly Texas, like like like in general, you guys have to go to him. in general, you guys have to go to him. in general, you guys have to go to him. He's the best, so I'll put his Instagram He's the best, so I'll put his Instagram He's the best, so I'll put his Instagram on the screen. He obviously does such a on the screen. He obviously does such a on the screen. He obviously does such a beautiful blonde, but also he tries beautiful blonde, but also he tries beautiful blonde, but also he tries really hard to keep my hair healthy. really hard to keep my hair healthy. really hard to keep my hair healthy. So, that is always something if you are So, that is always something if you are So, that is always something if you are a blonde or wanting to switch to blonde, a blonde or wanting to switch to blonde, a blonde or wanting to switch to blonde, that is definitely something that's very that is definitely something that's very that is definitely something that's very important when finding a hairdresser. important when finding a hairdresser. important when finding a hairdresser. Second thing, since it was birthday, a Second thing, since it was birthday, a Second thing, since it was birthday, a lot of people were bringing in like lot of people were bringing in like lot of people were bringing in like bagels, cakes, all this kind of stuff. I bagels, cakes, all this kind of stuff. I bagels, cakes, all this kind of stuff. I had my first ever in my entire life had my first ever in my entire life had my first ever in my entire life bagel with cream cheese. I always only bagel with cream cheese. I always only bagel with cream cheese. I always only get butter. I'm not a huge bagel person, get butter. I'm not a huge bagel person, get butter. I'm not a huge bagel person, like I don't eat a lot of bread, so like I don't eat a lot of bread, so like I don't eat a lot of bread, so it's kind of rare for me to have a bagel it's kind of rare for me to have a bagel it's kind of rare for me to have a bagel in general, but they brought in pop-up in general, but they brought in pop-up in general, but they brought in pop-up bagels and I tried cream cheese for the bagels and I tried cream cheese for the bagels and I tried cream cheese for the first time. first time. first time. I have been missing out. I don't know I have been missing out. I don't know I have been missing out. I don't know why I've always been very scared to try why I've always been very scared to try why I've always been very scared to try cream cheese. I think just like the cream cheese. I think just like the cream cheese. I think just like the thought of it grosses me out a little thought of it grosses me out a little thought of it grosses me out a little bit and it doesn't smell very good, in bit and it doesn't smell very good, in bit and it doesn't smell very good, in my opinion, but I was like, nope, I'm my opinion, but I was like, nope, I'm my opinion, but I was like, nope, I'm going to conquer a fear today. I tried going to conquer a fear today. I tried going to conquer a fear today. I tried it. Okay, and then third thing, also so it. Okay, and then third thing, also so it. Okay, and then third thing, also so random. This actually happened in the random. This actually happened in the random. This actually happened in the middle of the night last night, but middle of the night last night, but middle of the night last night, but actually this happened like two months actually this happened like two months actually this happened like two months ago, a month ago. ago, a month ago. ago, a month ago. I have my cartilage pierced on both I have my cartilage pierced on both I have my cartilage pierced on both sides and then also on this side I have sides and then also on this side I have sides and then also on this side I have my middle piercing. About like two my middle piercing. About like two my middle piercing. About like two months ago, I woke up in the middle of months ago, I woke up in the middle of months ago, I woke up in the middle of the night and my ear, like where my the night and my ear, like where my the night and my ear, like where my earring was on this side, was hurting so earring was on this side, was hurting so earring was on this side, was hurting so bad. And I like took it out, went back bad. And I like took it out, went back bad. And I like took it out, went back to sleep, put it in the next morning. to sleep, put it in the next morning. to sleep, put it in the next morning. The whole next day it was hurting so The whole next day it was hurting so The whole next day it was hurting so bad. Nothing was like helping it, so bad. Nothing was like helping it, so bad. Nothing was like helping it, so I've just left it out. And I had the I've just left it out. And I had the I've just left it out. And I had the same thing happen to me in the middle of same thing happen to me in the middle of same thing happen to me in the middle of the night last night. So, I just took it the night last night. So, I just took it the night last night. So, I just took it out and I left it out. And while I was out and I left it out. And while I was out and I left it out. And while I was getting my hair done, I was like, "It is getting my hair done, I was like, "It is getting my hair done, I was like, "It is so nice not having my hair get caught on so nice not having my hair get caught on so nice not having my hair get caught on the back of like my earrings that are the back of like my earrings that are the back of like my earrings that are like higher up." But, I think in like higher up." But, I think in like higher up." But, I think in general, general, general, I'm growing out of my ear piercings. I'm growing out of my ear piercings. I'm growing out of my ear piercings. Like, I haven't worn my doubles and my Like, I haven't worn my doubles and my Like, I haven't worn my doubles and my triples in months, close to a year, triples in months, close to a year, triples in months, close to a year, honestly. And I just like having one honestly. And I just like having one honestly. And I just like having one little simple thing. They definitely little simple thing. They definitely little simple thing. They definitely were so fun and like I'm so glad that I were so fun and like I'm so glad that I were so fun and like I'm so glad that I had like my ears decorated and stuff had like my ears decorated and stuff had like my ears decorated and stuff because I think like in high school I because I think like in high school I because I think like in high school I just thought that it was like so cute just thought that it was like so cute just thought that it was like so cute and so fun. My cartilage piercings are and so fun. My cartilage piercings are and so fun. My cartilage piercings are now officially retired. Okay, back in my now officially retired. Okay, back in my now officially retired. Okay, back in my car again. I just got out of Pilates and car again. I just got out of Pilates and car again. I just got out of Pilates and went and got my coffee. I went to my went and got my coffee. I went to my went and got my coffee. I went to my favorite coffee shop again. I feel like favorite coffee shop again. I feel like favorite coffee shop again. I feel like the first time that I went there, I the first time that I went there, I the first time that I went there, I vlogged it on for YouTube. vlogged it on for YouTube. vlogged it on for YouTube. Or maybe not. I don't know. But, I Or maybe not. I don't know. But, I Or maybe not. I don't know. But, I talked about it like a few vlogs ago. talked about it like a few vlogs ago. talked about it like a few vlogs ago. It's called La Marché Bleu, I believe. I It's called La Marché Bleu, I believe. I It's called La Marché Bleu, I believe. I honestly don't know how to pronounce it. honestly don't know how to pronounce it. honestly don't know how to pronounce it. It's um fancy [clears throat] French It's um fancy [clears throat] French It's um fancy [clears throat] French like little market coffee shop. I'm also like little market coffee shop. I'm also like little market coffee shop. I'm also vlogging for TikTok. So, if I'm like vlogging for TikTok. So, if I'm like vlogging for TikTok. So, if I'm like looking right here, it's cuz I'm looking looking right here, it's cuz I'm looking looking right here, it's cuz I'm looking at my TikTok camera. Yummy. This is the perfect latte color. Absolutely hits every time. Today is Absolutely hits every time. Today is Absolutely hits every time. Today is going to be very much a reset day going to be very much a reset day going to be very much a reset day because I have because I have because I have the messiest apartment. Like, there is a the messiest apartment. Like, there is a the messiest apartment. Like, there is a huge pile of laundry on my couch. This huge pile of laundry on my couch. This huge pile of laundry on my couch. This is just off the top of my head. There is just off the top of my head. There is just off the top of my head. There are dirty pots and pans in the sink that are dirty pots and pans in the sink that are dirty pots and pans in the sink that I need to hand wash. And then also the I need to hand wash. And then also the I need to hand wash. And then also the dishwasher is full, so I need to empty dishwasher is full, so I need to empty dishwasher is full, so I need to empty that. There's just a lot of little that. There's just a lot of little that. There's just a lot of little things I need to do. So, we're going to things I need to do. So, we're going to things I need to do. So, we're going to do a little reset day. I feel like this do a little reset day. I feel like this do a little reset day. I feel like this vlog has kind of turned into a full vlog has kind of turned into a full vlog has kind of turned into a full reset vlog because like I got my hair reset vlog because like I got my hair reset vlog because like I got my hair done, I got my eyebrows done, and now done, I got my eyebrows done, and now done, I got my eyebrows done, and now I'm going to go home and clean my I'm going to go home and clean my I'm going to go home and clean my apartment. That's going to be the plan apartment. That's going to be the plan apartment. That's going to be the plan for the rest of the day. It's only 10:00 for the rest of the day. It's only 10:00 for the rest of the day. It's only 10:00 right now. I went to an early class this right now. I went to an early class this right now. I went to an early class this morning, so I have my whole day.