Good morning. It is Tuesday. I woke up
this morning with the intention of going
and walking on incline on the treadmill,
getting back into that habit, having a
productive morning, blah blah blah. Was
filming my morning vlogs for Tik Tok as
I do, and I just went to edit it while
I'm sitting here for a second finishing
my energy drink cuz I can't take these
to the gym.
And it's all gone.
So, that is I guess my sign to not make
a vlog today, which is fine. I have a
Pilates class at 9:30. So, until then,
I think I'm going to clean up around
here, just do a couple things to kind of
make my life easier throughout the rest
of this week. I had these little
sandwich situations. This is a biscuit,
and then I think this one is a
croissant. Yeah. And they're both with
sausage, egg, and cheese. So, I don't
know which one I want, but I feel like a
biscuit sounds good. I made one of these
for the first time like a month ago, and
it was really good, but I don't think
that I like made it properly. Oh,
another thing, I have this actually this
thing right here, matcha setup that I
just keep on my counter because a few
months ago whenever I had a little
medical issue, I was like Actually, it
was almost a year ago, but I had like a
little medical issue when I thought that
it was from caffeine or like rooted in
my Alani Nu, Celsius caffeine intake. I
don't think it was, but that's what I
thought at the time. So, I was like, I
need to start drinking matcha instead.
And I just can't. Like, I cannot get
this little kit to taste good. So, I
want to get a coffee machine so bad, but
I've been seeing so many people in the
last like week using instant coffee and
making coffee at home or like the coffee
concentrate like in a bottle. And I
don't like hot coffee. So, I feel like
that would be
a better option. I don't know, but if
anyone has any suggestions, please let
me know because I am in the market for
like a good either coffee concentrate,
instant coffee grounds, or espresso
machine. I'm actually glad
I'm actually glad that I am making
breakfast before my workout because I
have an ad to film. Obviously, I have to
shower after my workout. I have to do
that. I have an ad to film. And then I
have another ad to film. This is just
kind of helping me to get ahead and so I
don't get hangry. This looks like a Egg
McMuffin.
It's actually really good. That's a lot
better than I thought it was going to
be. I'm going to eat this and then I'm
going to go to my workout. Hi, I got
back from my workout, showered, came in
here, and curled my hair. I absolutely
hate my hair like the first day that I
curl it every single time. I always feel
like it looks so much better when it's
like two or three days of falling down.
I now have to film an ad and then I have
a wax appointment after that at European
Wax Center, which is the only place that
I have ever gone to get my eyebrows
waxed. Actually, it's not the only
place, but the other places that I've
gone have kind of scared me a little
bit. So, European Wax Center is like the
only place that I trust. And I love
getting a fresh wax in the summertime
cuz then I just don't have to worry
about doing my eyebrows all the time
because my eyebrows grow really quick.
Okay, I just got out of my wax. I
literally forgot how good I feel after I
get an eyebrow wax. Like I don't have to
stress about tweezing. I don't have to
stress about styling. Literally just
takes a huge weight off of my shoulders
cuz my eyebrows are so stubborn. So,
getting that done makes my life a whole
lot easier. I'm going to now go home,
get some work done. I need to edit both
of the videos that I filmed this morning
and a few other things. And then the
only thing left on my to-do list for
today is go get a car wash. So, it's
going to be a pretty uneventful rest of
my Tuesday afternoon.
I just got home from Whole Foods, so
we're going to do a little haul because
I feel like I got a lot of good stuff. I
had a list and then I was like, while
we're here,
might as well walk the aisles and I
found some other good stuff that was not
on the list. For proteins, I got raw
chicken breasts again. I got these for
the first time last week because I hate
touching raw chicken and I was like, why
not get pre-cooked and just like chop it
up and put it on salads and tacos,
whatever. So, I got that again cuz it
was really good last week. I got two
things of ground beef. I'm making me and
my boyfriend burger bowls tonight, so
one of those will be used and the other
one will just use at some point this
week. Also, protein, they finally had
the protein coconut cult. I also got
romaine lettuce and a salad kit, but I
already put those away. Next is this
raspberry juice.
I have no idea, but it looked really
good. There was also a morning orange
one. It was like oranges, carrots,
lemons, and apples, I think. I don't
know, but it sounded good, but I
ultimately was like, last time I had
carrot juice, I didn't really like it,
so I decided to get the raspberry one.
It's pineapple, cucumber, raspberry,
lime, and mint.
I don't know, but it sounds really good.
I got plain salted tortilla chips. I
have lime ones, but I had them last
night with my dinner and I didn't really
like them, so I was like, I just want to
go back to plain sea salt. And then to
go in the burger bowls tonight, but also
to dip the chips in, I got guac. Like I
said, I was roaming all the aisles and I
saw this mango salsa. And then I'm
making a chicken and then I'm making a
crunchy Greek chicken salad tomorrow or
this week at some point. I don't know
when, but I need Greek yogurt for it, so
I got the Fage one. And then also to go
in it, I got a red bell pepper and a
sweet onion. And then for the bowls
tonight I got a sweet potato. The rest
is just like kind of random stuff. I got
some pasta. I got these Annie's
Cheez-Its, like Cheez-It dupes. And then
I got butter. I got some milk, just
restocks. Smoky barbecue seasoned
Chomps. And then last but not least, I
got chocolate chip muffins because I got
banana bread a few days ago and I'm
almost out, so I wanted to have another
baked good.
What is that? An honorary mention to
Blake who just walked in with Minion
cookies. I'm going to make dinner and
then just chill for the rest of the
night and I will see you guys tomorrow
morning before my hair appointment. Good
morning. I just did my makeup. I'm about
to head to my hair appointment in
Dallas. It's an hour away from Fort
Worth, so I need to leave like right
now. It's 9:00 and it's at 10:00. I'm
switching everything over from this
little Curated by Meows to bag that I've
been carrying with me literally
everywhere. I'm putting everything in my
black purse. I'm so excited to get my
hair done. Now that I washed it
yesterday, I'm like it really isn't as
bad as I thought it was. I definitely
could use some like fresh highlights,
especially for summer. I want to be a
little bit brighter. I'm going to spray
some of this
on my chest. I honestly use the Glazing
Mist more for my chest than I do for my
face cuz like look at that. That is
insane. Oh, I'm also going to spray even
though he's literally like about to
put bleach in it. I don't like it
whenever I feel like my hairdresser or
just anyone that's like
touching my hair, feels like my hair is
gross or like doesn't smell good. So I
always spray the IGK hair perfume. I'm
also going to pack a Chomps because I
feel like I'm definitely going to get
hungry and I'm trying to not eat out
every time I go somewhere. It's 9:07
right now. I needed to leave 7 minutes
ago, so
let's go get my hair done.
We're so back. I love the feeling of a
fresh highlight. Nothing beats this. Um,
let me think. Some updates for y'all. It
was my hairdresser's birthday.
Shout out Zach, if you're watching this,
you're literally the best ever. I will
put his at on the screen if you are in
the Dallas Fort Worth or honestly Texas,
like
in general, you guys have to go to him.
He's the best, so I'll put his Instagram
on the screen. He obviously does such a
beautiful blonde, but also he tries
really hard to keep my hair healthy.
So, that is always something if you are
a blonde or wanting to switch to blonde,
that is definitely something that's very
important when finding a hairdresser.
Second thing, since it was birthday, a
lot of people were bringing in like
bagels, cakes, all this kind of stuff. I
had my first ever in my entire life
bagel with cream cheese. I always only
get butter. I'm not a huge bagel person,
like I don't eat a lot of bread, so
it's kind of rare for me to have a bagel
in general, but they brought in pop-up
bagels and I tried cream cheese for the
first time.
I have been missing out. I don't know
why I've always been very scared to try
cream cheese. I think just like the
thought of it grosses me out a little
bit and it doesn't smell very good, in
my opinion, but I was like, nope, I'm
going to conquer a fear today. I tried
it. Okay, and then third thing, also so
random. This actually happened in the
middle of the night last night, but
actually this happened like two months
ago, a month ago.
I have my cartilage pierced on both
sides and then also on this side I have
my middle piercing. About like two
months ago, I woke up in the middle of
the night and my ear, like where my
earring was on this side, was hurting so
bad. And I like took it out, went back
to sleep, put it in the next morning.
The whole next day it was hurting so
bad. Nothing was like helping it, so
I've just left it out. And I had the
same thing happen to me in the middle of
the night last night. So, I just took it
out and I left it out. And while I was
getting my hair done, I was like, "It is
so nice not having my hair get caught on
the back of like my earrings that are
like higher up." But, I think in
general,
I'm growing out of my ear piercings.
Like, I haven't worn my doubles and my
triples in months, close to a year,
honestly. And I just like having one
little simple thing. They definitely
were so fun and like I'm so glad that I
had like my ears decorated and stuff
because I think like in high school I
just thought that it was like so cute
and so fun. My cartilage piercings are
now officially retired. Okay, back in my
car again. I just got out of Pilates and
went and got my coffee. I went to my
favorite coffee shop again. I feel like
the first time that I went there, I
vlogged it on for YouTube.
Or maybe not. I don't know. But, I
talked about it like a few vlogs ago.
It's called La Marché Bleu, I believe. I
honestly don't know how to pronounce it.
It's um fancy [clears throat] French
like little market coffee shop. I'm also
vlogging for TikTok. So, if I'm like
looking right here, it's cuz I'm looking
at my TikTok camera.
Yummy. This is the perfect latte color.
Absolutely hits every time. Today is
going to be very much a reset day
because I have
the messiest apartment. Like, there is a
huge pile of laundry on my couch. This
is just off the top of my head. There
are dirty pots and pans in the sink that
I need to hand wash. And then also the
dishwasher is full, so I need to empty
that. There's just a lot of little
things I need to do. So, we're going to
do a little reset day. I feel like this
vlog has kind of turned into a full
reset vlog because like I got my hair
done, I got my eyebrows done, and now
I'm going to go home and clean my
apartment. That's going to be the plan
for the rest of the day. It's only 10:00
right now. I went to an early class this
morning, so I have my whole day.
