I had thought of going to some school and secretly I had thought of going to some school and secretly I had thought of going to some school and secretly eating the laddus of 15th August, but here eating the laddus of 15th August, but here eating the laddus of 15th August, but here instead of laddus I got beaten with sticks.  Hello, yes brother, I want to instead of laddus I got beaten with sticks.  Hello, yes brother, I want to instead of laddus I got beaten with sticks.  Hello, yes brother, I want to eat laddus on 15th August but how will I eat laddus on 15th August but how will I eat laddus on 15th August but how will I eat them?  We don't even go to school. eat them?  We don't even go to school. eat them?  We don't even go to school. Hey brother, come to the school behind my house, we will Hey brother, come to the school behind my house, we will Hey brother, come to the school behind my house, we will eat laddus together, but yes, no one should get eat laddus together, but yes, no one should get eat laddus together, but yes, no one should get suspicious. suspicious. suspicious. Okay brother, I'll be back soon. Okay brother, I'll be back soon. Okay brother, I'll be back soon. Do you want to eat laddus?  Come here. Do you want to eat laddus?  Come here. Do you want to eat laddus?  Come here. Yes, bring it mom. Yes, bring it mom. Yes, bring it mom. Mom, hit me with one more.   I have started Mom, hit me with one more.   I have started Mom, hit me with one more.   I have started irritating everyone so much.  Hey friend, there are a irritating everyone so much.  Hey friend, there are a irritating everyone so much.  Hey friend, there are a lot of children.  We will get the laddus only by entering among them. lot of children.  We will get the laddus only by entering among them. lot of children.  We will get the laddus only by entering among them. Here is your packet of laddus Here is your packet of laddus Here is your packet of laddus and this is your packet.  But you and this is your packet.  But you and this is your packet.  But you both don't seem to be from our school. both don't seem to be from our school. both don't seem to be from our school.