How many did you eat? How many did you eat? How many did you eat? I am eating golgappa for the first time. I am eating golgappa for the first time. I am eating golgappa for the first time. How many?   Have you How many?   Have you How many?   Have you eaten six? eaten six? eaten six? What?   Have you What?   Have you What?   Have you eaten 12? eaten 12? eaten 12? Guys, even mom has given up.  So Guys, even mom has given up.  So Guys, even mom has given up.  So Piyush has eaten 19.  Avantia has been defeated. Piyush has eaten 19.  Avantia has been defeated. Guys, right now we're sitting here Guys, right now we're sitting here Guys, right now we're sitting here in the living room.  Look, there is no one here. in the living room.  Look, there is no one here. in the living room.  Look, there is no one here. Everyone [nasal sound] is missing Everyone [nasal sound] is missing Everyone [nasal sound] is missing today brother.  Piyush is in his room.  Sahil today brother.  Piyush is in his room.  Sahil today brother.  Piyush is in his room.  Sahil is in his room.  Kunali is in his room. is in his room.  Kunali is in his room. is in his room.  Kunali is in his room. Good morning Kunali. Good morning Kunali. Good morning Kunali. Good Morning. Good Morning. Good Morning. How are you?  Didn't you go to school today?   It's How are you?  Didn't you go to school today?   It's How are you?  Didn't you go to school today?   It's Sunday.   Have a Sunday.   Have a Sunday.   Have a nice Sunday.  We nice Sunday.  We nice Sunday.  We Piyush and Sahil are sleeping, Piyush and Sahil are sleeping, Piyush and Sahil are sleeping, should we wake them up? should we wake them up? should we wake them up? You think he will wake up and that too before 3 or 4 o'clock. You think he will wake up and that too before 3 or 4 o'clock. You think he will wake up and that too before 3 or 4 o'clock. Kunalli audience what would you like to say? Kunalli audience what would you like to say? What would you like to say to those who say that you feature Piyush and Sahil less on Vogue What would you like to say to those who say that you feature Piyush and Sahil less on Vogue What would you like to say to those who say that you feature Piyush and Sahil less on Vogue ? ? ? I would like to say that guys, those people do not even get up. I would like to say that guys, those people do not even get up. I would like to say that guys, those people do not even get up. How do we get them on Vogue? How do we get them on Vogue? How do we get them on Vogue? Guys, if he wakes up at the daily time, he will wake up and Guys, if he wakes up at the daily time, he will wake up and Guys, if he wakes up at the daily time, he will wake up and come here.   I will come here.   I will come here.   I will come only then and only then will I do come only then and only then will I do something here with my family.  But Kunali something here with my family.  But Kunali something here with my family.  But Kunali lives here.  Kunal said because of the TV that lives here.  Kunal said because of the TV that lives here.  Kunal said because of the TV that yes, he will get to watch TV because yes, he will get to watch TV because yes, he will get to watch TV because I did the right thing by not installing a TV in the room. I did the right thing by not installing a TV in the room. I did the right thing by not installing a TV in the room. Brother, if I had installed a TV in Brother, if I had installed a TV in Brother, if I had installed a TV in Kunal's room, then brother, even Kunal would not have come Kunal's room, then brother, even Kunal would not have come Kunal's room, then brother, even Kunal would not have come here.  He just comes because of this TV. here.  He just comes because of this TV. here.  He just comes because of this TV. This is the big one.  That's absolutely right. This is the big one.  That's absolutely right. This is the big one.  That's absolutely right. If he was in the room, he would not have come.  So If he was in the room, he would not have come.  So If he was in the room, he would not have come.  So I will not install the TV in the room right now. I will not install the TV in the room right now. I will not install the TV in the room right now. Why?  Otherwise what will you do today?   Will do Why?  Otherwise what will you do today?   Will do Why?  Otherwise what will you do today?   Will do some challenges today.  A tough challenge today. some challenges today.  A tough challenge today. some challenges today.  A tough challenge today. Man, people don't like challenges. Man, people don't like challenges. Man, people don't like challenges. Why don't you come? Why don't you come? Why don't you come? People are saying make family vlogs like before. People are saying make family vlogs like before. People are saying make family vlogs like before. Old Vogue, Old Vogue, Old Vogue, yes people are wanting this, yes people are wanting this, yes people are wanting this, guys, there is nothing left right now, what is not left in Old Vogue, there is nothing guys, there is nothing left right now, what is not left in Old Vogue, there is nothing left, you have shown the whole family in Old Vogue, left, you have shown the whole family in Old Vogue, what is left for us, then what is left for us, then what is left for us, then tell me what should we do, then let's do a tell me what should we do, then let's do a tell me what should we do, then let's do a tough challenge, tough challenge, tough challenge, we also enjoy the challenge, some audience we also enjoy the challenge, some audience we also enjoy the challenge, some audience also enjoy it, also enjoy it, also enjoy it, so what challenge do you want to do, tell me what to do, so what challenge do you want to do, tell me what to do, so what challenge do you want to do, tell me what to do, tell me what you have to do, I will make you do it today, I will tell me what you have to do, I will make you do it today, I will tell me what you have to do, I will make you do it today, I will tell you what to do, tell you what to do, tell you what to do, challenge, then after some time we challenge, then after some time we challenge, then after some time we can make that family vogue, you know can make that family vogue, you know can make that family vogue, you know how how how because there will be 12 family members there. because there will be 12 family members there. How?  How will it be? How?  How will it be? How?  How will it be? You will also have a child. You will also have a child. You will also have a child. So, when you have children, then So, when you have children, then So, when you have children, then create a family blog.  Ok? create a family blog.  Ok? create a family blog.  Ok? Guys, now we eat Guys, now we eat Guys, now we eat avocado toast for breakfast.  Look, Antika ordered this. avocado toast for breakfast.  Look, Antika ordered this. avocado toast for breakfast.  Look, Antika ordered this. Guys, it looks great.  See.  So brother, Guys, it looks great.  See.  So brother, Guys, it looks great.  See.  So brother, today's video is going to be very interesting. today's video is going to be very interesting. today's video is going to be very interesting. Because today we are going to do Because today we are going to do Because today we are going to do Spicy Pani Puri Eating Challenge with the family. Spicy Pani Puri Eating Challenge with the family. Spicy Pani Puri Eating Challenge with the family. Look brother, we have so many Golgappa and Pani Puri here. Look brother, we have so many Golgappa and Pani Puri here. Look brother, we have so many Golgappa and Pani Puri here. Total 200 Total 200 Total 200 but this time it is not normal golgappa. but this time it is not normal golgappa. but this time it is not normal golgappa. Guys, this water is very, Guys, this water is very, Guys, this water is very, very spicy. very spicy. very spicy. Guys, this is not normal water.  So everyone's condition is going to worsen.  Let's Guys, this is not normal water.  So everyone's condition is going to worsen.  Let's Guys, this is not normal water.  So everyone's condition is going to worsen.  Let's see see see who can eat the most golgappas.  Who strummed the guitar?  I'm already who can eat the most golgappas.  Who strummed the guitar?  I'm already who can eat the most golgappas.  Who strummed the guitar?  I'm already strumming the guitar. strumming the guitar. strumming the guitar. Guitar Guitar Guitar burp burp sorry. burp burp sorry. burp burp sorry. Guitar. Guitar. Guitar. Now he is burping right now, friend.  How Now he is burping right now, friend.  How Now he is burping right now, friend.  How will they eat this? will they eat this? will they eat this? So our entire family So our entire family So our entire family will eat all the Golgappa one by one.  Let's see will eat all the Golgappa one by one.  Let's see will eat all the Golgappa one by one.  Let's see who can eat the maximum number of Golgappa and the one who who can eat the maximum number of Golgappa and the one who who can eat the maximum number of Golgappa and the one who eats the maximum number of Golgappa will get eats the maximum number of Golgappa will get eats the maximum number of Golgappa will get a foreign trip from me.  Wherever he goes, a foreign trip from me.  Wherever he goes, a foreign trip from me.  Wherever he goes, whoever wants to go can go wherever.   Can go to whoever wants to go can go wherever.   Can go to Thailand. Thailand. Thailand. Kunal, now you can go to Thailand if you win. Kunal, now you can go to Thailand if you win. Kunal, now you can go to Thailand if you win. Well Well Well brother, Kunal likes golgappas very much. brother, Kunal likes golgappas very much. brother, Kunal likes golgappas very much. Who knows, Kunal might win today and Who knows, Kunal might win today and Who knows, Kunal might win today and we will take him to Thailand again. we will take him to Thailand again. we will take him to Thailand again. Start?  No, stop. Start?  No, stop. Start?  No, stop. No. No. No. Let's start with Kunal.   I am feeling a Let's start with Kunal.   I am feeling a Let's start with Kunal.   I am feeling a little hungry, friend.  I haven't eaten since morning.   Have little hungry, friend.  I haven't eaten since morning.   Have n't you eaten since morning?   What else n't you eaten since morning?   What else n't you eaten since morning?   What else ?  For the desire of golgappa. ?  For the desire of golgappa. ?  For the desire of golgappa. Wait then wait wait wait. Wait then wait wait wait. Wait then wait wait wait. Chota, I am feeling very hungry friend. Chota, I am feeling very hungry friend. Chota, I am feeling very hungry friend. Start quickly.  I am feeling hungry. Start quickly.  I am feeling hungry. Tell me how many will you eat?   Are.  I will Tell me how many will you eat?   Are.  I will Tell me how many will you eat?   Are.  I will eat 10-15.   I will be able to eat 10-15.   I will be able to eat 10-15.   I will be able to eat only 10-15. eat only 10-15. eat only 10-15. Hey friend, start quickly.  So guys, Hey friend, start quickly.  So guys, Hey friend, start quickly.  So guys, finally the whole family is seated and everyone has finally the whole family is seated and everyone has finally the whole family is seated and everyone has got their golgappas.  Everyone has got their golgappas.  Everyone has got their golgappas.  Everyone has currently got 12 plates each.  So let's currently got 12 plates each.  So let's currently got 12 plates each.  So let's see who can eat 12 first.  Whoever eats it first will get see who can eat 12 first.  Whoever eats it first will get see who can eat 12 first.  Whoever eats it first will get 12 and then we will add it to it.  Look, there 12 and then we will add it to it.  Look, there 12 and then we will add it to it.  Look, there is still a lot here, guys, look here, all these are made of semolina is still a lot here, guys, look here, all these are made of semolina is still a lot here, guys, look here, all these are made of semolina flour.  So start eating as soon as I say. flour.  So start eating as soon as I say. flour.  So start eating as soon as I say. Ok?   Yes. Ok?   Yes. Ok?   Yes. So look there is Kunal.  Kunal So look there is Kunal.  Kunal So look there is Kunal.  Kunal is ready brother.  Look at this after adding water. is ready brother.  Look at this after adding water. is ready brother.  Look at this after adding water. I am also ready. I am also ready. I am also ready. Everyone is ready.  Let's eat our own Golgappa and see Everyone is ready.  Let's eat our own Golgappa and see Everyone is ready.  Let's eat our own Golgappa and see who will win today, who will go on a foreign who will win today, who will go on a foreign who will win today, who will go on a foreign trip, trip, trip, oh Dada, oh Dada, oh Dada, what should be what should be what should be prepared for the first one, prepared for the first one, prepared for the first one, oh brother, Kunal has prepared three or four, oh brother, Kunal has prepared three or four, oh brother, Kunal has prepared three or four, brother, add water and brother, add water and brother, add water and then say start, let me say start, let's say then say start, let me say start, let's say three to one start, three to one start, three to one start, oh brother, brother, brother, everyone is eating their oh brother, brother, brother, everyone is eating their oh brother, brother, brother, everyone is eating their first golgappa and that too with spicy water, first golgappa and that too with spicy water, first golgappa and that too with spicy water, look, this spicy water is being look, this spicy water is being look, this spicy water is being eaten by grandfather too, grandfather, are eaten by grandfather too, grandfather, are eaten by grandfather too, grandfather, are you eating without water? you eating without water? you eating without water? I will add water to this. I will add water to this. I will add water to this. Hey, give water to grandfather. Hey, give water to grandfather. Hey, give water to grandfather. Wait, Wait, Wait, what happened?  Mummy's condition is bad.  First I got busy with what happened?  Mummy's condition is bad.  First I got busy with what happened?  Mummy's condition is bad.  First I got busy with Golgappa Golgappa Golgappa here. here. here. Mom's tears came out after eating the first golgappa. Mom's tears came out after eating the first golgappa. Mom's tears came out after eating the first golgappa. Look, this water is so dangerous, guys.  This Look, this water is so dangerous, guys.  This Look, this water is so dangerous, guys.  This is also dangerous, guys.  How many of these did you eat? is also dangerous, guys.  How many of these did you eat? is also dangerous, guys.  How many of these did you eat? How many did you eat?   Have you How many did you eat?   Have you How many did you eat?   Have you eaten two? eaten two? eaten two? Buddy. Buddy. Buddy. How many did you eat? How many did you eat? How many did you eat? So is the third one. So is the third one. So is the third one. Brother Brother Brother four.  Everyone will go to the washroom after eating.  Do you know. four.  Everyone will go to the washroom after eating.  Do you know. four.  Everyone will go to the washroom after eating.  Do you know. Everyone is feeling very hot. Everyone is feeling very hot. Everyone is feeling very hot. Put it. Put it. Put it. Hey Hey Hey grandma, how many did you eat?   I grandma, how many did you eat?   I grandma, how many did you eat?   I ate two.   You ate two.   You ate two.   You ate two, Amma, how many did you eat? ate two, Amma, how many did you eat? ate two, Amma, how many did you eat? I am eating only one right now. I am eating only one right now. I am eating only one right now. Well, Well, Well, everyone is busy eating their Golgappa.   I do everyone is busy eating their Golgappa.   I do n't understand whom should I shoot, friend.  Do it to n't understand whom should I shoot, friend.  Do it to n't understand whom should I shoot, friend.  Do it to me. me. me. Look at this.   It became Look at this.   It became Look at this.   It became very spicy. very spicy. very spicy. Hey, there is too much chilli in it.   There Hey, there is too much chilli in it.   There Hey, there is too much chilli in it.   There is chilli in it, there is chilli in it, there is chilli in it, there is more chilli in it. is more chilli in it. is more chilli in it. Water, water, Water, water, Water, water, oh my tears have come. oh my tears have come. oh my tears have come. Big mom, I am Big mom, I am Big mom, I am not able to hear my chilli. not able to hear my chilli. not able to hear my chilli. Drinking water is allowed, isn't it? Drinking water is allowed, isn't it? Drinking water is allowed, isn't it? Drink water, whatever you do.   Let's Drink water, whatever you do.   Let's Drink water, whatever you do.   Let's see who will eat more. see who will eat more. see who will eat more. Smoke came out of my ears. Brother, Golgappa party is going on.  There is no dinner today.  This is it Brother, Golgappa party is going on.  There is no dinner today.  This is it Brother, Golgappa party is going on.  There is no dinner today.  This is it today.   Yes, it will work. today.   Yes, it will work. Brother, it got hurt. Brother, it got hurt. Brother, it got hurt. How many did you eat? How many did you eat? How many did you eat? I am eating golgappa for the first time. I am eating golgappa for the first time. I am eating golgappa for the first time. How many? How many? How many? Ate six. Ate six. Ate six. Brother, what is he doing for Thailand? Aunty, how many did you eat?   I Aunty, how many did you eat?   I Aunty, how many did you eat?   I ate three. ate three. ate three. Three? Three? Three? Aunty, how many did you eat? Aunty, how many did you eat? Aunty, how many did you eat? Three? Three? Three? Three. Three. Three. too much. too much. too much. Yes.  There is no chilli in all the water, there is Yes.  There is no chilli in all the water, there is Yes.  There is no chilli in all the water, there is in both of them, my water in both of them, my water in both of them, my water seems less seems less seems less now see tomorrow everyone will meet in the washroom now see tomorrow everyone will meet in the washroom now see tomorrow everyone will meet in the washroom what did you what did you what did you eat 12 eat 12 eat 12 what 12 you ate, I will give you more what 12 you ate, I will give you more and see the first stop is over outside my and see the first stop is over outside my and see the first stop is over outside my brother sir elder father is eating dangerously here brother sir elder father is eating dangerously here brother sir elder father is eating dangerously here 12 and give me this 12 and give me this 12 and give me this another plate is ready another plate is ready another plate is ready brother I will prepare the plate brother I will prepare the plate brother I will prepare the plate what happened here I am what happened here I am what happened here I am not able to eat friend I am not able to eat friend I am not able to eat friend I am not able to eat not able to eat not able to eat sit down a lot sit down a lot sit down a lot how many have you eaten? how many have you eaten? how many have you eaten? Four.  Ate four or five.  Five ate five. Four.  Ate four or five.  Five ate five. Four.  Ate four or five.  Five ate five. What?  Condition of five is bad.   Look What?  Condition of five is bad.   Look What?  Condition of five is bad.   Look brother, Piyush has only two left. brother, Piyush has only two left. brother, Piyush has only two left. Look, Piyush has eaten 10.  Big Look, Piyush has eaten 10.  Big Look, Piyush has eaten 10.  Big dad will win, brother.  Elder father is eating so fast. dad will win, brother.  Elder father is eating so fast. dad will win, brother.  Elder father is eating so fast. Just watch them eat. Just watch them eat. Just watch them eat. I am filling it with potatoes first.   Did I am filling it with potatoes first.   Did I am filling it with potatoes first.   Did you go to the gym this morning? you go to the gym this morning? you go to the gym this morning? I am I am I am eating it with great force. eating it with great force. eating it with great force. So many strong golgappas near the gym. So many strong golgappas near the gym. So many strong golgappas near the gym. Eat it. Eat it. Eat it. End.  [nasal sound] should I get End.  [nasal sound] should I get End.  [nasal sound] should I get more?  Guys mom has also given up. more?  Guys mom has also given up. more?  Guys mom has also given up. How many have you eaten?  How many?   Did How many have you eaten?  How many?   Did How many have you eaten?  How many?   Did you eat six?  There are six left. you eat six?  There are six left. you eat six?  There are six left. Elder mother ate six.  Now brother, Elder mother ate six.  Now brother, Elder mother ate six.  Now brother, take three from there. take three from there. take three from there. [nasal sound] Bring [nasal sound] Bring [nasal sound] Bring me 12 too. me 12 too. me 12 too. Did you also eat 12? Did you also eat 12? Did you also eat 12? Oh brother, Avantika can also win. Oh brother, Avantika can also win. Oh brother, Avantika can also win. Even Bade Abba can win.  Sahil Even Bade Abba can win.  Sahil Even Bade Abba can win.  Sahil accepted defeat.  Badi Ammi accepted defeat. accepted defeat.  Badi Ammi accepted defeat. accepted defeat.  Badi Ammi accepted defeat. How many 10s did you eat?  Will you eat more?   Let How many 10s did you eat?  Will you eat more?   Let How many 10s did you eat?  Will you eat more?   Let me. me. me. I will bring it.  This makes it I will bring it.  This makes it I will bring it.  This makes it 12.   Are you 12.   Are you 12.   Are you only eating 12?  You have cheated only eating 12?  You have cheated only eating 12?  You have cheated Put it in, Put it in, Put it in, mom, why are you cheating, mom, why are you cheating, mom, why are you cheating, why are you putting grandfather in it, why are you putting grandfather in it, why are you putting grandfather in it, brother, elder father is going to eat 24 golgappas, brother, elder father is going to eat 24 golgappas, brother, elder father is going to eat 24 golgappas, tell me what are you doing, 24 tell me what are you doing, 24 tell me what are you doing, 24 friend, you also don't eat too much, you know there will be trouble, friend, you also don't eat too much, you know there will be trouble, friend, you also don't eat too much, you know there will be trouble, yes brother, I will leave it, yes brother, I will leave it, yes brother, I will leave it, yes, you have already eaten 12, and on top of that you are eating, you yes, you have already eaten 12, and on top of that you are eating, you yes, you have already eaten 12, and on top of that you are eating, you know, I am eating something, do know, I am eating something, do know, I am eating something, do n't eat so much, that aunty also ate 12, so n't eat so much, that aunty also ate 12, so n't eat so much, that aunty also ate 12, so brother, I feel that elder sister's foreign trip is going to be brother, I feel that elder sister's foreign trip is going to be brother, I feel that elder sister's foreign trip is going to be confirmed. confirmed. confirmed. I have quit.   Done. I have quit.   Done. I ate 14, I I ate 14, I I ate 14, I ate only 14. ate only 14. ate only 14. I ate 15.  Well, at least I got that number. I ate 15.  Well, at least I got that number. I ate 15.  Well, at least I got that number. I am going abroad. I am going abroad. I am going abroad. Piyush, give me some more and eat it, friend. Piyush, give me some more and eat it, friend. Piyush, give me some more and eat it, friend. Brother Avantika ate more than Piyush.   Please wait, Brother Avantika ate more than Piyush.   Please wait, Brother Avantika ate more than Piyush.   Please wait, I have to leave immediately. I have to leave immediately. And he is eating.  He is eating.  And And he is eating.  He is eating.  And And he is eating.  He is eating.  And he is eating it.  Now they will fight among themselves.  Let's see.   Are you he is eating it.  Now they will fight among themselves.  Let's see.   Are you he is eating it.  Now they will fight among themselves.  Let's see.   Are you eating?  Now I will also eat.  Piyush. eating?  Now I will also eat.  Piyush. eating?  Now I will also eat.  Piyush. How many brothers does he have?  15.  Take my 16. How many brothers does he have?  15.  Take my 16. How many brothers does he have?  15.  Take my 16. They had a fight [laughs] brother.  Yellow. They had a fight [laughs] brother.  Yellow. They had a fight [laughs] brother.  Yellow. Come on brother, the main competition is going on Come on brother, the main competition is going on Come on brother, the main competition is going on between Avantika and Piyush. Look, you are equal. Look, you are equal. Look, you are equal. How many are there?   We became How many are there?   We became How many are there?   We became equal. equal. equal. [laughter] Here you go. [laughter] Here you go. [laughter] Here you go. Hey friend, don't do it. Hey friend, don't do it. Hey friend, don't do it. Gave the challenge.   You have become Gave the challenge.   You have become Gave the challenge.   You have become equal. equal. equal. Now we are equal.   Are you Now we are equal.   Are you Now we are equal.   Are you equal? equal? equal? How many? How many? How many? 16 16 16 16 16 16 Look, he has moved ahead.  [laughs] Yes, I have Yes, I have Yes, I have passed, Piyush has gone ahead of you, let it be, let it be, passed, Piyush has gone ahead of you, let it be, let it be, passed, Piyush has gone ahead of you, let it be, let it be, don't eat forcefully, friend, don't don't eat forcefully, friend, don't don't eat forcefully, friend, don't eat, don't eat, don't eat, don't eat forcefully to defeat him, do eat forcefully to defeat him, do eat forcefully to defeat him, do n't eat if it is just a problem, n't eat if it is just a problem, n't eat if it is just a problem, yes you ate 24 yes you ate 24 yes you ate 24 I ate golgappas for the first time friend, I ate golgappas for the first time friend, I ate golgappas for the first time friend, hey [nasal sound] water, your hey [nasal sound] water, your hey [nasal sound] water, your stomach will get upset yuck friend, will you yuck friend, will you yuck friend, will you eat more guys, eat more guys, eat more guys, this water is too spicy, too much, too much, this water is too spicy, too much, too much, this water is too spicy, too much, too much, if it wasn't for this, I would have eaten more, I would have eaten 30-30 if it wasn't for this, I would have eaten more, I would have eaten 30-30 if it wasn't for this, I would have eaten more, I would have eaten 30-30 also, also, also, we are not adding water at all, that's why I am eating, we are not adding water at all, that's why I am eating, I am eating one more, I am eating one more, I am eating without water, I ate one more, I am eating without water, I ate one more, I am eating without water, I ate one more, now it's 17, friend, don't do it, friend, don't do it, friend, it's a now it's 17, friend, don't do it, friend, don't do it, friend, it's a competition, competition, competition, eat, eat, eat well, eat, eat, eat well, eat, eat, eat well, tomorrow there will be a competition in the washroom as well, tomorrow there will be a competition in the washroom as well, tomorrow there will be a competition in the washroom as well, who will [ __ ] more [laughs] potatoes, potatoes, boondi will come out. potatoes, potatoes, boondi will come out. potatoes, potatoes, boondi will come out. Hey friend, I Hey friend, I Hey friend, I ate 14 [laughs] I ate it. ate 14 [laughs] I ate it. So Piyush has eaten 19 and defeated Avantiya. So Piyush has eaten 19 and defeated Avantiya. And elder father has eaten 24.  Now he is saying that he will And elder father has eaten 24.  Now he is saying that he will And elder father has eaten 24.  Now he is saying that he will defeat even elder father. defeat even elder father. defeat even elder father. Come on, big dad, then big dad.   Will Come on, big dad, then big dad.   Will Come on, big dad, then big dad.   Will defeat you.  Now see, no matter what, he will defeat you.  Now see, no matter what, he will defeat you.  Now see, no matter what, he will defeat me.  So let him eat first, defeat me.  So let him eat first, defeat me.  So let him eat first, how many are there?  It's 20 now.  Piyush how many are there?  It's 20 now.  Piyush how many are there?  It's 20 now.  Piyush 's 24th 's 24th 's 24th point became equal. point became equal. point became equal. Look brother, it's equal. Look brother, it's equal. Look brother, it's equal. Now go ahead and move ahead. Now go ahead and move ahead. So today's winner is So today's winner is So today's winner is Piyush. Piyush. Piyush. How are the shoes?  I have not quit yet.   Then How are the shoes?  I have not quit yet.   Then How are the shoes?  I have not quit yet.   Then eat it. eat it. eat it. Bring it. Bring it. Bring it. Look brother, more people have come for elder father. Look brother, more people have come for elder father. Look brother, more people have come for elder father. Yes, let him win.  He is a child. Yes, let him win.  He is a child. Yes, let him win.  He is a child. I'm letting you win.  I feel like I'm letting you win.  I feel like I'm letting you win.  I feel like eating a couple of them.  [laughs] eating a couple of them.  [laughs] eating a couple of them.  [laughs] Guys, let's end today's challenge here.  The Guys, let's end today's challenge here.  The Guys, let's end today's challenge here.  The winner here is Bade Papa.  28 winner here is Bade Papa.  28 winner here is Bade Papa.  28 golgappas have been eaten and Piyush has eaten golgappas have been eaten and Piyush has eaten golgappas have been eaten and Piyush has eaten 24 and after that who is the third one? 24 and after that who is the third one? 24 and after that who is the third one? I go on, okay, you are.  Kunali has eaten 19 go on, okay, you are.  Kunali has eaten 19 go on, okay, you are.  Kunali has eaten 19 golgappas.  Ok.  19 golgappas. golgappas.  Ok.  19 golgappas. golgappas.  Ok.  19 golgappas. Why have you eaten 19? Why have you eaten 19? Why have you eaten 19? This is his 19th.   I'm done having This is his 19th.   I'm done having This is his 19th.   I'm done having kids, friend.  You are fighting with the child. kids, friend.  You are fighting with the child. kids, friend.  You are fighting with the child. I'm eating too [laughs]. I'm eating too [laughs]. I'm eating too [laughs]. Hey friend, it's okay. Hey friend, it's okay. Hey friend, it's okay. He is not behind. He is not behind. He is not behind. Children are coming here to rest. Children are coming here to rest. Children are coming here to rest. How many did you eat? How many did you eat? How many did you eat? ate 12. ate 12. ate 12. You have 12 You have 12 You have 12 Amma Amma Amma four. four. four. I have now eaten five pieces.  Five six you got I have now eaten five pieces.  Five six you got I have now eaten five pieces.  Five six you got four four four four four four four four four six six six so first second and third Kunali came brother, so first second and third Kunali came brother, so first second and third Kunali came brother, look how many marks I got in maths, look how many marks I got in maths, look how many marks I got in maths, 20/20 is showing for the first time today 20/20 is showing for the first time today 20/20 is showing for the first time today and what is it, I got and what is it, I got and what is it, I got 20, 20, 20, when I get less marks then I don't show it, if I when I get less marks then I don't show it, if I when I get less marks then I don't show it, if I show that then I get scolded, look I got show that then I get scolded, look I got show that then I get scolded, look I got 20 guys, 20 guys, 20 guys, today I am showing 20/20 for the first time, I don't know if it today I am showing 20/20 for the first time, I don't know if it today I am showing 20/20 for the first time, I don't know if it came by mistake or not, otherwise it is definitely came by mistake or not, otherwise it is definitely absolutely correct, see come on absolutely correct, see come on absolutely correct, see come on brother, I have got 20 in maths.  It's a good thing. brother, I have got 20 in maths.  It's a good thing. brother, I have got 20 in maths.  It's a good thing. Guys, dinner is ready but I do Guys, dinner is ready but I do Guys, dinner is ready but I do n't feel like eating it.  You have eaten so many Golgappas, right? n't feel like eating it.  You have eaten so many Golgappas, right? n't feel like eating it.  You have eaten so many Golgappas, right? So guys I hope you liked today's vlog.  If you So guys I hope you liked today's vlog.  If you So guys I hope you liked today's vlog.  If you like it then please like it.  Please subscribe to the channel. like it then please like it.  Please subscribe to the channel. like it then please like it.  Please subscribe to the channel. See you See you See you in the next vlog.  Thank you so much for watching. Oh