Hey everybody, welcome back to the Race Hey everybody, welcome back to the Race Hey everybody, welcome back to the Race Fire Smokehouse and Grill. We're doing a Fire Smokehouse and Grill. We're doing a Fire Smokehouse and Grill. We're doing a product review today and we're checking product review today and we're checking product review today and we're checking out this Vaver chamber vacuum sealer. out this Vaver chamber vacuum sealer. out this Vaver chamber vacuum sealer. We're going to check it out, see what it We're going to check it out, see what it We're going to check it out, see what it takes to put together, see how easy it takes to put together, see how easy it takes to put together, see how easy it is to use and if it's worth it or not. is to use and if it's worth it or not. is to use and if it's worth it or not. So, let's jump right into this thing. So, let's jump right into this thing. So, let's jump right into this thing. So, Viva reached out to me, asked if I So, Viva reached out to me, asked if I So, Viva reached out to me, asked if I would like to do a product review of would like to do a product review of would like to do a product review of this and check it out, which is perfect this and check it out, which is perfect this and check it out, which is perfect timing because I have been looking into timing because I have been looking into timing because I have been looking into chamber vacuum sealers because we do a chamber vacuum sealers because we do a chamber vacuum sealers because we do a lot of cooks here, lots of leftovers. lot of cooks here, lots of leftovers. lot of cooks here, lots of leftovers. And what's great about these is you can And what's great about these is you can And what's great about these is you can do liquids and soups and stuff like that do liquids and soups and stuff like that do liquids and soups and stuff like that in here as well. So if you have leftover in here as well. So if you have leftover in here as well. So if you have leftover chili, stew, whatever, throw it in here, chili, stew, whatever, throw it in here, chili, stew, whatever, throw it in here, seal it up. I've never used one of these seal it up. I've never used one of these seal it up. I've never used one of these before, so this is all going to be a new before, so this is all going to be a new before, so this is all going to be a new process figuring out how to use it. Once process figuring out how to use it. Once process figuring out how to use it. Once I said yes, absolutely, I'd love it. I said yes, absolutely, I'd love it. I said yes, absolutely, I'd love it. They sent it here. It was here within a They sent it here. It was here within a They sent it here. It was here within a few days. Came in this great packaging, few days. Came in this great packaging, few days. Came in this great packaging, super solid. Nothing shifted around super solid. Nothing shifted around super solid. Nothing shifted around inside. Came out clean and nice. When inside. Came out clean and nice. When inside. Came out clean and nice. When you open it up, you find everything you open it up, you find everything you open it up, you find everything that's inside of it, which includes some that's inside of it, which includes some that's inside of it, which includes some machine oil that you'll need to insert machine oil that you'll need to insert machine oil that you'll need to insert here in a minute and some replacement here in a minute and some replacement here in a minute and some replacement parts like the gasket, temperature parts like the gasket, temperature parts like the gasket, temperature cloth, and heating strips. So, in case cloth, and heating strips. So, in case cloth, and heating strips. So, in case you need to replace any of those in the you need to replace any of those in the you need to replace any of those in the future, they actually give it to you, future, they actually give it to you, future, they actually give it to you, which is nice that you don't have to go which is nice that you don't have to go which is nice that you don't have to go out and order it when it's time to out and order it when it's time to out and order it when it's time to replace it. They give you some already, replace it. They give you some already, replace it. They give you some already, which is awesome. Now, in order to get which is awesome. Now, in order to get which is awesome. Now, in order to get this up and operational, there is a this up and operational, there is a this up and operational, there is a quick to-do list of how to get this quick to-do list of how to get this quick to-do list of how to get this started. It looked a little intimidating started. It looked a little intimidating started. It looked a little intimidating because of all those parts, but realize because of all those parts, but realize because of all those parts, but realize most of those are spare parts, and most of those are spare parts, and most of those are spare parts, and really the only thing you need to do is really the only thing you need to do is really the only thing you need to do is get oil into this to start using it. So, get oil into this to start using it. So, get oil into this to start using it. So, we go ahead follow the instructions. We we go ahead follow the instructions. We we go ahead follow the instructions. We take the back off to reveal the insides. take the back off to reveal the insides. take the back off to reveal the insides. Then, we take the oil filter off the top Then, we take the oil filter off the top Then, we take the oil filter off the top of it. We go ahead and fill that oil that they We go ahead and fill that oil that they We go ahead and fill that oil that they gave to us. You'll start seeing it in gave to us. You'll start seeing it in gave to us. You'll start seeing it in this window here. You're going to fill this window here. You're going to fill this window here. You're going to fill it up halfway to 3/4 of the way. Do not it up halfway to 3/4 of the way. Do not it up halfway to 3/4 of the way. Do not overfill this cuz with all the pressure overfill this cuz with all the pressure overfill this cuz with all the pressure and everything in there, you could lead and everything in there, you could lead and everything in there, you could lead yourself to having some issues. So, only yourself to having some issues. So, only yourself to having some issues. So, only half to 3/4 of the way full. After that, half to 3/4 of the way full. After that, half to 3/4 of the way full. After that, you put the filter back on and then you put the filter back on and then you put the filter back on and then screw the back back on and you're ready screw the back back on and you're ready screw the back back on and you're ready to roll. So, we got this put together. to roll. So, we got this put together. to roll. So, we got this put together. My first test at using this thing just My first test at using this thing just My first test at using this thing just so I could figure out how it works is I so I could figure out how it works is I so I could figure out how it works is I had some packaged sausage already in the had some packaged sausage already in the had some packaged sausage already in the fridge. Time to put it in the freezer, fridge. Time to put it in the freezer, fridge. Time to put it in the freezer, but I might as well try it out. Use this but I might as well try it out. Use this but I might as well try it out. Use this as a sample to see how it works. So, you as a sample to see how it works. So, you as a sample to see how it works. So, you take one of the vacuum seal bags. They take one of the vacuum seal bags. They take one of the vacuum seal bags. They do give you about 30 of them when it do give you about 30 of them when it do give you about 30 of them when it comes with this. You do have to use uh comes with this. You do have to use uh comes with this. You do have to use uh chamber seal bags and not just the rolls chamber seal bags and not just the rolls chamber seal bags and not just the rolls that you purchase for a regular vacuum that you purchase for a regular vacuum that you purchase for a regular vacuum sealer because of the texture on it. It sealer because of the texture on it. It sealer because of the texture on it. It needs to be able to work with this needs to be able to work with this needs to be able to work with this chamber sealer. So, make sure you have chamber sealer. So, make sure you have chamber sealer. So, make sure you have the right bags for this. So, we put that the right bags for this. So, we put that the right bags for this. So, we put that sausage into the bag. Make sure it lined sausage into the bag. Make sure it lined sausage into the bag. Make sure it lined up on that heat strip. And we closed it up on that heat strip. And we closed it up on that heat strip. And we closed it down. down. down. When I closed it down, it said to use When I closed it down, it said to use When I closed it down, it said to use two hands to close it. So, I thought I two hands to close it. So, I thought I two hands to close it. So, I thought I had to hold it, but you really didn't had to hold it, but you really didn't had to hold it, but you really didn't have to. Once it's engaged, it's going have to. Once it's engaged, it's going have to. Once it's engaged, it's going to stay closed until it's finished. So, to stay closed until it's finished. So, to stay closed until it's finished. So, we vacuum sealed that up. Popped right we vacuum sealed that up. Popped right we vacuum sealed that up. Popped right up. And look how awesome this thing was up. And look how awesome this thing was up. And look how awesome this thing was sealed. Completely airtight. I did not sealed. Completely airtight. I did not sealed. Completely airtight. I did not mention how I set the timer up on this, mention how I set the timer up on this, mention how I set the timer up on this, which is very simple. In the which is very simple. In the which is very simple. In the instructions that they give you, it instructions that they give you, it instructions that they give you, it gives you a general range. So, for the gives you a general range. So, for the gives you a general range. So, for the vacuum time, 30 to 40 seconds. I put it vacuum time, 30 to 40 seconds. I put it vacuum time, 30 to 40 seconds. I put it right in the middle, 35. Seeing time, 2 right in the middle, 35. Seeing time, 2 right in the middle, 35. Seeing time, 2 to 2.2 seconds. Let it go in there, that to 2.2 seconds. Let it go in there, that to 2.2 seconds. Let it go in there, that same range. And then for the cooling same range. And then for the cooling same range. And then for the cooling time, 3 to 5 seconds. I put 4 seconds time, 3 to 5 seconds. I put 4 seconds time, 3 to 5 seconds. I put 4 seconds cuz I'm used to vacuum sealers that get cuz I'm used to vacuum sealers that get cuz I'm used to vacuum sealers that get way too hot and will melt the bags. I way too hot and will melt the bags. I way too hot and will melt the bags. I don't want that. I want to let this get don't want that. I want to let this get don't want that. I want to let this get cooled down. Now, just a very brief cooled down. Now, just a very brief cooled down. Now, just a very brief description of how this works. Pressure description of how this works. Pressure description of how this works. Pressure builds up in here and it essentially builds up in here and it essentially builds up in here and it essentially eliminates all the oxygen inside of eliminates all the oxygen inside of eliminates all the oxygen inside of here. And as that pressure builds up and here. And as that pressure builds up and here. And as that pressure builds up and builds up, it releases all that oxygen builds up, it releases all that oxygen builds up, it releases all that oxygen leaves. And once all that oxygen is leaves. And once all that oxygen is leaves. And once all that oxygen is gone, it actually seals it. And when it gone, it actually seals it. And when it gone, it actually seals it. And when it reintroduces air back into the chamber, reintroduces air back into the chamber, reintroduces air back into the chamber, it completely compresses it out. It It's it completely compresses it out. It It's it completely compresses it out. It It's really cool technology. I don't really cool technology. I don't really cool technology. I don't understand how it works 100%, but it's understand how it works 100%, but it's understand how it works 100%, but it's awesome. So, the next thing I had to awesome. So, the next thing I had to awesome. So, the next thing I had to vacuum seal to try this out was I had vacuum seal to try this out was I had vacuum seal to try this out was I had some leftover tomato sauce that I made. some leftover tomato sauce that I made. some leftover tomato sauce that I made. Didn't want to ruin it. Let's get it Didn't want to ruin it. Let's get it Didn't want to ruin it. Let's get it back in the freezer. Let's throw it in back in the freezer. Let's throw it in back in the freezer. Let's throw it in here to check it out. So, I took that here to check it out. So, I took that here to check it out. So, I took that tomato sauce, added it to the bag. I tomato sauce, added it to the bag. I tomato sauce, added it to the bag. I took that little plate that's inside of took that little plate that's inside of took that little plate that's inside of here out of there just to give it a here out of there just to give it a here out of there just to give it a little bit more room and more of an little bit more room and more of an little bit more room and more of an angle up to make sure that liquid didn't angle up to make sure that liquid didn't angle up to make sure that liquid didn't get pulled out. Even though it says it get pulled out. Even though it says it get pulled out. Even though it says it can't, wanted to be sure. Sure enough, can't, wanted to be sure. Sure enough, can't, wanted to be sure. Sure enough, put it in, let it run. Boom. Sealed put it in, let it run. Boom. Sealed put it in, let it run. Boom. Sealed right up. No liquid. Perfectly clean. right up. No liquid. Perfectly clean. right up. No liquid. Perfectly clean. Thing is amazing. Can't wait to use this Thing is amazing. Can't wait to use this Thing is amazing. Can't wait to use this come football season, especially in the come football season, especially in the come football season, especially in the fall. Doing sausages. Going to be great fall. Doing sausages. Going to be great fall. Doing sausages. Going to be great to use. All right, let's get into some to use. All right, let's get into some to use. All right, let's get into some of the product specifications now to of the product specifications now to of the product specifications now to show you what you're actually working show you what you're actually working show you what you're actually working with now that we know how it works and with now that we know how it works and with now that we know how it works and how well it works. So, I'm going to use how well it works. So, I'm going to use how well it works. So, I'm going to use some of my cheat sheets here just to go some of my cheat sheets here just to go some of my cheat sheets here just to go over it. This thing is a tank. It comes over it. This thing is a tank. It comes over it. This thing is a tank. It comes in weighing just under 61 lbs. So, this in weighing just under 61 lbs. So, this in weighing just under 61 lbs. So, this thing is heavyduty, which means it thing is heavyduty, which means it thing is heavyduty, which means it should last a long time. Stainless should last a long time. Stainless should last a long time. Stainless steel, that means it looks nice and steel, that means it looks nice and steel, that means it looks nice and professional, easy to clean. Spray it professional, easy to clean. Spray it professional, easy to clean. Spray it down, wipe it down. Going to be great. down, wipe it down. Going to be great. down, wipe it down. Going to be great. Current price, I pulled this up. It's Current price, I pulled this up. It's Current price, I pulled this up. It's mid end of June right now, and it's mid end of June right now, and it's mid end of June right now, and it's running at $367. running at $367. running at $367. They do say there's a $272.99 They do say there's a $272.99 They do say there's a $272.99 limited deal. So, you're looking limited deal. So, you're looking limited deal. So, you're looking anywhere between $300 to $400 depending anywhere between $300 to $400 depending anywhere between $300 to $400 depending on whether you get this deal. And for a on whether you get this deal. And for a on whether you get this deal. And for a chamber sealer, that's an amazing value. chamber sealer, that's an amazing value. chamber sealer, that's an amazing value. Regular vacuum sealers that can't do Regular vacuum sealers that can't do Regular vacuum sealers that can't do liquids and are different technologies liquids and are different technologies liquids and are different technologies go for much more than this as it is. So, go for much more than this as it is. So, go for much more than this as it is. So, for value, what you get, it's well well for value, what you get, it's well well for value, what you get, it's well well worth it. You do get free 30-day worth it. You do get free 30-day worth it. You do get free 30-day returns. If you don't like it, you get returns. If you don't like it, you get returns. If you don't like it, you get refund for lost or damaged packages. 12 refund for lost or damaged packages. 12 refund for lost or damaged packages. 12 month warranty and customer support. And month warranty and customer support. And month warranty and customer support. And you saw what we can do on here. We can you saw what we can do on here. We can you saw what we can do on here. We can do solids. We can do liquids. It's do solids. We can do liquids. It's do solids. We can do liquids. It's pretty quiet for the sound of it. I I pretty quiet for the sound of it. I I pretty quiet for the sound of it. I I have another regular vacuum sealer have another regular vacuum sealer have another regular vacuum sealer that's a lot louder than this. So, that's a lot louder than this. So, that's a lot louder than this. So, running it pretty easy. It's quiet. I running it pretty easy. It's quiet. I running it pretty easy. It's quiet. I really really enjoy this. And again, it really really enjoy this. And again, it really really enjoy this. And again, it comes with a lot of the replacement comes with a lot of the replacement comes with a lot of the replacement parts. It comes with two heating wires. parts. It comes with two heating wires. parts. It comes with two heating wires. It comes with two high temperature It comes with two high temperature It comes with two high temperature replacement tapes. It comes with a replacement tapes. It comes with a replacement tapes. It comes with a replacement ring that goes around the replacement ring that goes around the replacement ring that goes around the bottom of this door here. Comes with 30 bottom of this door here. Comes with 30 bottom of this door here. Comes with 30 bags. It comes with an Allen wrench. bags. It comes with an Allen wrench. bags. It comes with an Allen wrench. Everything you need to repair it if you Everything you need to repair it if you Everything you need to repair it if you need to. You will need to change that need to. You will need to change that need to. You will need to change that oil after running this continuously for oil after running this continuously for oil after running this continuously for 800 hours. So 800 hours, you could run 800 hours. So 800 hours, you could run 800 hours. So 800 hours, you could run this thing consecutively before you have this thing consecutively before you have this thing consecutively before you have to change that oil. And they do give you to change that oil. And they do give you to change that oil. And they do give you enough to make a couple changes on enough to make a couple changes on enough to make a couple changes on there, which is great. So, for the there, which is great. So, for the there, which is great. So, for the value, the technology, if you're doing a value, the technology, if you're doing a value, the technology, if you're doing a lot of cooking and saving a lot of food, lot of cooking and saving a lot of food, lot of cooking and saving a lot of food, I'd highly recommend this. Check it out. I'd highly recommend this. Check it out. I'd highly recommend this. Check it out. Go to the website. I'll have a link in Go to the website. I'll have a link in Go to the website. I'll have a link in the description below with a discount the description below with a discount the description below with a discount code. If you like what we did here, code. If you like what we did here, code. If you like what we did here, please hit that thumbs up, hit the please hit that thumbs up, hit the please hit that thumbs up, hit the subscribe button, check me out on social subscribe button, check me out on social subscribe button, check me out on social media, and we will be talking to you all media, and we will be talking to you all media, and we will be talking to you all soon. Thanks again, everybody. Take soon. Thanks again, everybody. Take soon. Thanks again, everybody. Take care. Peace.