Hey everybody, welcome back to the Race
Fire Smokehouse and Grill. We're doing a
product review today and we're checking
out this Vaver chamber vacuum sealer.
We're going to check it out, see what it
takes to put together, see how easy it
is to use and if it's worth it or not.
So, let's jump right into this thing.
So, Viva reached out to me, asked if I
would like to do a product review of
this and check it out, which is perfect
timing because I have been looking into
chamber vacuum sealers because we do a
lot of cooks here, lots of leftovers.
And what's great about these is you can
do liquids and soups and stuff like that
in here as well. So if you have leftover
chili, stew, whatever, throw it in here,
seal it up. I've never used one of these
before, so this is all going to be a new
process figuring out how to use it. Once
I said yes, absolutely, I'd love it.
They sent it here. It was here within a
few days. Came in this great packaging,
super solid. Nothing shifted around
inside. Came out clean and nice. When
you open it up, you find everything
that's inside of it, which includes some
machine oil that you'll need to insert
here in a minute and some replacement
parts like the gasket, temperature
cloth, and heating strips. So, in case
you need to replace any of those in the
future, they actually give it to you,
which is nice that you don't have to go
out and order it when it's time to
replace it. They give you some already,
which is awesome. Now, in order to get
this up and operational, there is a
quick to-do list of how to get this
started. It looked a little intimidating
because of all those parts, but realize
most of those are spare parts, and
really the only thing you need to do is
get oil into this to start using it. So,
we go ahead follow the instructions. We
take the back off to reveal the insides.
Then, we take the oil filter off the top
of it.
We go ahead and fill that oil that they
gave to us. You'll start seeing it in
this window here. You're going to fill
it up halfway to 3/4 of the way. Do not
overfill this cuz with all the pressure
and everything in there, you could lead
yourself to having some issues. So, only
half to 3/4 of the way full. After that,
you put the filter back on and then
screw the back back on and you're ready
to roll. So, we got this put together.
My first test at using this thing just
so I could figure out how it works is I
had some packaged sausage already in the
fridge. Time to put it in the freezer,
but I might as well try it out. Use this
as a sample to see how it works. So, you
take one of the vacuum seal bags. They
do give you about 30 of them when it
comes with this. You do have to use uh
chamber seal bags and not just the rolls
that you purchase for a regular vacuum
sealer because of the texture on it. It
needs to be able to work with this
chamber sealer. So, make sure you have
the right bags for this. So, we put that
sausage into the bag. Make sure it lined
up on that heat strip. And we closed it
down.
When I closed it down, it said to use
two hands to close it. So, I thought I
had to hold it, but you really didn't
have to. Once it's engaged, it's going
to stay closed until it's finished. So,
we vacuum sealed that up. Popped right
up. And look how awesome this thing was
sealed. Completely airtight. I did not
mention how I set the timer up on this,
which is very simple. In the
instructions that they give you, it
gives you a general range. So, for the
vacuum time, 30 to 40 seconds. I put it
right in the middle, 35. Seeing time, 2
to 2.2 seconds. Let it go in there, that
same range. And then for the cooling
time, 3 to 5 seconds. I put 4 seconds
cuz I'm used to vacuum sealers that get
way too hot and will melt the bags. I
don't want that. I want to let this get
cooled down. Now, just a very brief
description of how this works. Pressure
builds up in here and it essentially
eliminates all the oxygen inside of
here. And as that pressure builds up and
builds up, it releases all that oxygen
leaves. And once all that oxygen is
gone, it actually seals it. And when it
reintroduces air back into the chamber,
it completely compresses it out. It It's
really cool technology. I don't
understand how it works 100%, but it's
awesome. So, the next thing I had to
vacuum seal to try this out was I had
some leftover tomato sauce that I made.
Didn't want to ruin it. Let's get it
back in the freezer. Let's throw it in
here to check it out. So, I took that
tomato sauce, added it to the bag. I
took that little plate that's inside of
here out of there just to give it a
little bit more room and more of an
angle up to make sure that liquid didn't
get pulled out. Even though it says it
can't, wanted to be sure. Sure enough,
put it in, let it run. Boom. Sealed
right up. No liquid. Perfectly clean.
Thing is amazing. Can't wait to use this
come football season, especially in the
fall. Doing sausages. Going to be great
to use. All right, let's get into some
of the product specifications now to
show you what you're actually working
with now that we know how it works and
how well it works. So, I'm going to use
some of my cheat sheets here just to go
over it. This thing is a tank. It comes
in weighing just under 61 lbs. So, this
thing is heavyduty, which means it
should last a long time. Stainless
steel, that means it looks nice and
professional, easy to clean. Spray it
down, wipe it down. Going to be great.
Current price, I pulled this up. It's
mid end of June right now, and it's
running at $367.
They do say there's a $272.99
limited deal. So, you're looking
anywhere between $300 to $400 depending
on whether you get this deal. And for a
chamber sealer, that's an amazing value.
Regular vacuum sealers that can't do
liquids and are different technologies
go for much more than this as it is. So,
for value, what you get, it's well well
worth it. You do get free 30-day
returns. If you don't like it, you get
refund for lost or damaged packages. 12
month warranty and customer support. And
you saw what we can do on here. We can
do solids. We can do liquids. It's
pretty quiet for the sound of it. I I
have another regular vacuum sealer
that's a lot louder than this. So,
running it pretty easy. It's quiet. I
really really enjoy this. And again, it
comes with a lot of the replacement
parts. It comes with two heating wires.
It comes with two high temperature
replacement tapes. It comes with a
replacement ring that goes around the
bottom of this door here. Comes with 30
bags. It comes with an Allen wrench.
Everything you need to repair it if you
need to. You will need to change that
oil after running this continuously for
800 hours. So 800 hours, you could run
this thing consecutively before you have
to change that oil. And they do give you
enough to make a couple changes on
there, which is great. So, for the
value, the technology, if you're doing a
lot of cooking and saving a lot of food,
I'd highly recommend this. Check it out.
Go to the website. I'll have a link in
the description below with a discount
code. If you like what we did here,
please hit that thumbs up, hit the
subscribe button, check me out on social
media, and we will be talking to you all
soon. Thanks again, everybody. Take
care. Peace.
