up here. If you're smart and socially
awkward, uh you're a dork,
and we have all spent time in the dork
region.
And if you're socially awkward and
obsessed, uh you're a stalker. See how
that works?
I have some interesting news. I'm one of
the the few comedians who works in uh
PowerPoint.
If you think I'm kidding, I'm not. And
uh [laughter]
I actually have some bad news. Uh that's
me right there. But this actually this
is not a comedy show. You've been lured
here. I actually want to talk to you
about a time share here at the dry bar.
You could own your seat one week a year.
I'm just kidding. I wouldn't really do
that. But I used to be an engineer. Any
engineers in the crowd?
That was so pathetic
and yet so perfect for engineers.
So because I'm an engineer, I put my act
on PowerPoint. That's how engineers
communicate. And uh that was me when I
was an engineer. I worked in Silicon
Valley, San Jose. Yeah, people are
actually get Oh my god, that's wrong.
[laughter] This is how big a nerd I was.
My pants stopped right about here.
If your p if If you're I didn't even
wear shirts. Turtleneck pants. That's
what I wore. [laughter]
I was tucking my nipples in. That's not
right.
I had to undo my fly to shake hands with
people. That's how high my pants were.
I feel this is a nerdy crowd. I do.
And by the way, I am a nerd. I am not a
geek. I am a nerd. Not a geek. And
what's the difference you say between a
nerd and a geek? I actually have a ven
diagram to show you.
I have lots of graphs and charts. Be
prepared.
It takes three things to be a nerd. You
have to be smart, socially awkward, and
obsessed. All three of those things.
You're just laughing at the charts, sir.
Clearly, he's in marketing.
Smart, socially awkward, and obsessed.
You're a nerd. Geeks, on the other hand,
tend to be just smart and obsessed.
[laughter] They're just Star Trek geeks,
comic book geeks. THEY GO TO
CONVENTIONS. THEY GO TO PUBLIC EVENTS,
NOT NERDS. I'M NOT at a convention
unless I'm working it support. That's
the only reason I'm there. [laughter]
Up here, if you're smart and socially
awkward, uh, you're a dork.
And we have all spent time in the dork
region.
And if you're socially awkward and
obsessed, uh, you're a stalker. See how
that works?
I love to watch people try to figure out
where they are on my chart.
I think I'm a dork stalker. [laughter]
So, what does it mean to be a nerd?
Because I'm a proud nerd. There's a
couple things you can tell if you're a
nerd. First of all, when it comes to
formal wear, if you're a nerd, we love
cargo pants.
Yeah, people are with me. I got my cargo
pants on right now, baby. I got pockets
everywhere. I love cargo. I have cargo
underwear on. That's how much I love
cargo pants. [laughter]
And by the way, really big nerds. Really
big nerds. They're in cargo shorts.
Several people are pointing each other.
Oh yeah, Doug. Doug wears the cargo
shorts.
And I defend cargo pants. I do. I think
they're superior. My wife is horrified
that I wear cargo pants. I did a cargo
pant analysis. Okay, there's a regular
pair OF PANTS. THAT MUCH IS FUNCTIONAL.
TOTALLY useless part of the pant. THERE
IS NOTHING. THAT RIGHT THERE, that is a
great pair of pants. Look at that.
That's a great pair of pants. [cheering]
Look at that. You could you could carry
your entire life in those pants.
You could keep an extra pair of pants in
a pocket of your pants.
You're prepared for anything.
What else does it mean to know? We love
charts. I love charts. I love I collect
charts and I like a chart that really
sums things up in like one visual
experience. A whole whole thing in one
chart. For example, here's what's going
to happen if you're making microwave
popcorn. Okay, here's the number of
edible pieces here on the y ais
and on the x-axis is the time, right?
You're at one minute, two minutes, no
pieces have popped, right? Very quiet.
Nothing happening in the microwave. At
some point above two minutes, you don't
know exactly where. All pieces are
popped. All pieces are burned.
Right? That that happens every time,
right?
Quiet. Quiet. Go. It's all They're all
popped. The bag is on fire. The smoke
alarm is blaring and your house will
stink for at least a week. [laughter]
That is the experience.
And that window of edible popcorn, that
is a one nancond. [laughter]
You do not stand a chance.
Some of my charts, I don't know why
they're true. I just know from
experience that this is what happens.
This is my gym, the locker room of my
gym. Okay? I walk in, I am that blue dot
right there. I start to get changed.
Pretty much the minute I get all my
clothes off, 12 guys walk in and this is
where their lockers are.
Does that not happen every single time?
Huge empty locker room. I'm surrounded
by naked guys within seconds.
Defies probability. That defies prob.
And speaking of probability, basic
probability says if you flip a quarter a
thousand times, it'll land heads 500
times and tails 500 times. When there's
a standard deviation, that's what will
happen. I guarantee it. And that'll hold
true for a quarter. But not everything.
When my son was little, he loved jelly
bread. [laughter]
If you drop a piece of jelly bread a
thousand times and parents know you give
your kid a piece of jelly bread, it hits
the floor, it's not going to land jelly
side up. No, that's not as messy. The
messy way 800 times out of a thousand.
You get a break 200 times out of
thousand. Right. Right, parents? Right.
And that's on a kitchen floor. Right. If
if you have a nice rug, forget it. You
don't stand a chance.
I've seen a piece of jelly break an inch
above a nice carpet hover and then flip
the other way. [laughter]
It's a law of physics. Jellybread
physics.
Yeah. There are some things I can't
prove. I just believe them to be true. I
believe there is only one ultrasound and
they give the same photo to every single
person.
I'm pretty sure
I've never seen one that didn't look
like everybody's ever like, "HEY, THAT'S
YOU. THAT'S MY SON. THAT'S THEY ALL look
the same."
Sometimes I walk by a joke. I walk by
this sign. Now that's a good sign. It's
a good sign. It's not a great sign. I
immediately thought of a better sign.
Want to see a better sign? That is a
better sign. [laughter]
If you didn't see the difference, I'll
show it to you again. [laughter]
Good sign. Far superior sign.
And if you didn't see a difference, have
your prescription checked right now.
See, that sign's better cuz people
walking by are going to want to come in.
YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE WALK UP. PEOPLE ARE
GOING TO GO, "Oh no, I think I need
glasses." [laughter]
Sometimes I find charts and I found this
chart. They took a survey. They said,
"What's the first thing you do when you
get out of bed in the morning?" And this
year, and they said, "Uh, 34% of people
read email, 23% check weather, 20% post
to social media, 17% read news, 6% check
markets." Life has changed so much just
from 25 years ago. Let's go back to
1995. If you ask the same question, what
is the first thing you do when you get
out of bed morning? 97% of people would
say, "I pee."
Remember the good old days when we had
time to pee [clears throat] in the
morning. [laughter]
NOW WE HAVE ALL KINDS OF THINGS TO DO.
BY THE WAY, 3% of people would say, "I
changed the sheets because I peed him."
That was the other.
Is that progress? I don't think that's
progress.
What else? It be big data is how we live
by big data. I love statistics, big data
analytics, whatever. But here's the
thing. When it comes to big data,
there's a lot of bad data out there
because statistics can be manipulated to
show you how you can manipulate
statistics. These are actual true stat.
Watch what I do with them. These are
actual true. It turns out in China,
there's about 1.4 billion people in
China, right? 1.4. There are seven
billion people on Earth. Therefore,
statistically, it cannot be argued
one out of every five babies born on
Earth are in fact Chinese. So, you could
say statistically if you got four kids,
you're expecting a fifth, it will be
Chinese.
So, don't be surprised. That's all I'm
saying. Don't be surprised.
I don't have a problem with it. You
fifth kid's going to be Chinese. Just
deal with it.
So when you hear a statistic, always ask
about the other side of a statistic.
Ask, you know, look at it from a
different perspective. 44% of marriages
end in divorce. 44. Now that's a scary
number. That that's scary. When you
first get married, you're like, "Oh my
god." But here's the thing. It's not so
scary when you look at it from a
different perspective. If 44% of
marriages end in divorce, you know what
that means? 56% of marriages end in
death. [laughter]
Those are the two ways that marriages
end. Folks,
apparently this is just occurring to
some of the married people out there.
Just be enjoy being married cuz it's not
pretty when it ends. Trust me.
Perspective is important. Here's another
one. 65% of Americans are overweight for
their height. But maybe, just maybe, 65%
of Americans are just not tall enough
for their weight.
I am not 20 lb overweight. I am 3 in too
short. Darn it. [laughter]
I'm going to Height Watchers.
Uh the insurance companies will TELL YOU
THIS IS TRUE. 95% OF ALL car accidents
occur within one mile of your home. That
is true. And even in the brightest of
crowds, there's always a couple of
people thinking, "Oo, I got to move."
No, that's not going to help. Trust me,
that is not going to help.
But if you believe that, therefore, if
you believe that, the safest thing to do
is park one mile from her home and walk
the rest of the way. [laughter]
Really do that. Please do that.
THIS ONE'S AMAZING. I WROTE IT AS A
JOKE, but I actually think it's a good
idea. Watch this. When the lottery a
couple years ago hit $1.6 billion, $146
million people bought tickets. 146.
Remember that number? 146 million people
bought tickets. In the 2016 president's
election, 136 million people voted. 10
million less than played the lottery.
Yeah. So, you know what? We want more
people to vote. Every election, we
should pick one voter to win $1.6
billion.
Look at that. Now, we're all I can't
wait to vote. Let's go vote.
We wait in line for hours. Who you vote
for? I don't care. Give me a quick pick.
I just got to get in. [laughter]
This is a true survey. They asked women.
I did not make this up. is I read this
and immediately thought what I'm about
to share. 33% of women pled said they
have dated an ugly guy just because he
was funny which I think is amazing.
Ladies, you use a criteria nothing I've
never heard a man ever say, "Well, she's
not very uh pretty but she's funny. I
want to go out with her." Doesn't
happen. So, thank you ladies for so
being so much less shallow than men.
That's what I'm saying. [laughter]
So, I thought that was great until I
realized, hold on, I'm married. You know
what that really means? That means
there's a one in three chance my wife
thinks I'm ugly.
I'm like, "Honey, am I good-look? YOU'RE
FUNNY. SHUT UP." [laughter]
And then finally, I hear this one on the
radio all the time. One out of 10 people
suffer from hemorrhoids. [laughter]
One out of 10 people suffer from
hemorrhoids. Does that mean that nine
out of 10 people actually enjoy
hemorrhoids?
Oo, the itching AND BURNING.
IT'S THAT TIME OF YEAR. HER BACK. OH,
LET'S go dancing. I can't sit down
anyway. Come on.
The question I always get more than
anything is how does somebody go from
engineer to comedian? It's not your
typical career path. So, uh I didn't
realize I used ven diagrams earlier, but
uh ven diagram is a perfect way to
explain how this happened. So, here's
what happened in my career choice. Okay,
I was in high school. I was good at two
things. I had math skills and I was good
at problem solving. And when you're good
at those two things, no guidance
counselor says you sort of should be a
comedian.
They would get fired. So they said, "I
should become an engineer." So that's
what I got my engineering degree. Right?
Over here, if you got people skills,
you're good with people, and you're good
at problem solving, you probably go into
management, right? Your MBA makes
perfect sense. Over here, if you got
OCD, everything has to be exactly right.
And you have math skills. Uh you're an
accountant is what you are. [laughter]
You can't solve any problems, but you
can identify them. That's how that
works.
That's what accountants do. Trust me.
They're like, "This is not adding up.
You, this is not good. I am so glad I am
not you." [laughter]
Over here, if you're into drinking and
you have people skills, well, join our
sales force. [laughter]
Welcome aboard.
Over here, if you're a heartless and you
have OCD, uh, you're in human resources.
Don't worry, they're not here.
And if you're heartless and into
drinking, uh, you're a lawyer is what
you are.
And if you're all those things, you are
in fact a comedian.
Thank you. Thank you.
I don't think a ven diagram has ever
gotten applause before. That was a new
one. That was a new one for me.
So, this last thing I'm going to
present, this is my kind of my research
study. I uh I when I first got married,
I I you know, it was just it was hard
for me. I was an engineer. What did I
do? I solved problems all day. I solved
problems all day and I couldn't stop.
I'd come home from work and I'd solve my
wife would give me a problem and I'd
solve it. And it turns out to not be a
skill necessary in marriage.
One time she said, "I feel fat." I said,
"Reduce your choric intake, increase
your activity." [laughter]
That is not the correct answer.
The correct answer is you're pretty.
So, I wrote that down. I got better at
it. I learned I I I started collecting
data cuz that's what engineers do. And I
and I put it together. I called the
engineers guide to life. And uh your
results may vary, by the way. [laughter]
Do your own studies.
But a lot of truths came out of the
data. The first one I plotted, and not a
lot of guys do this, I plotted the
chances of me winning argument versus
time. and three distinct periods popped
out of the data. When we were first
dating, I had a 50/50 shot in any
argument. I had no inkling at the time
that those were the glory days.
[laughter] That is the best I would ever
do. Cuz once we got engaged, it
immediately dropped to one and four. And
then since I've been married, I am uh 0
for 963.
I actually thought I won one argument.
We argued about who won that argument
and I lost the argument about who won
the argument, but I think I WON ONE.
SO WHY? My question was why am I losing
so many arguments? So I did what any
good engineer would do. I flowcharted an
actual argument we had.
This is a true story. When my son was
little, I had a mobile of all the
planets that I was going to hang from
the ceiling of his room. Right? So I
hung the sun and Mercury and Venus and
the Earth and Mars. And I went to hang
Pluto because it was in the box. And I
went, "Oh, wait. Pluto's not a planet.
I'm not going to hang it." And my wife
said, "Yes, it is. Pluto's a planet. We
learned it at school. It's the ninth
planet." It's the one all the way out
there. It's the ninth planet. No,
actually, it's been downgraded. It's a
dwarf planet now. It's a It's It's not a
planet. She goes, "Yes, this is where
the argument started. Watch where it
goes. It's stunning." So, she says,
"Pluto is a planet." I say, "No." She
says, "Are you saying I'm dumb?"
That is what we call a trap.
Cuz if I say no or yes, that leaves a
divorce. I'm not I'm not an idiot. I
don't say that. I say no. I'm a good
husband. She goes, I don't like the way
you argue. You're using science and
logic and math. You are saying I'm dumb.
Again, if I say yes, that leads to
divorce. So, I say no. She goes, why
don't you respect me? You don't even
care about my feelings. This is a trap
in the other direction. Right? Cuz if I
say no, I don't care about your
feelings. That leads a divorce. So, then
go I say yes. She goes, well, do you
want to sleep on the couch? And well,
frankly, uh, that's not really an
option. So, in our house, uh, Pluto is
officially a planet. [laughter]
In fact, it is my favorite planet now.
By the way, [laughter]
I redid the mobile. Uh, Pluto is now the
center of the universe. All the other
planets revolve around Pluto. [laughter]
It's a great planet.
So, this will be the nerdiest thing I
do. And I and uh and I hope you hang in
there. It gets pretty nerdy. But I was
trying to logically figure out how to
have a happy marriage. So, I went back
to when I designed computers. This thing
called a logic map. And when you buy
design a computer, the way it thinks is
using andgates and orgates. It's called
boolean logic. And like for there's a
gate, there's an ANDgate which says
there's two inputs A and B. And when
both inputs are true, the output's true.
A and B both have to be true. So if
either input's false, the output is
false. Right? Then there's an orgate.
Says if A or B is true, the output's
true. Right? So if either one's true,
the output's true. And only when they're
both false is the output false. How does
this get funny? Please get to it
quickly. [laughter]
I figured out the happiness logic map.
Okay, here we go. The happy There's two
inputs. Me and my wife Laura. Don and
Laura. We'll start with the most easy
case. Don is wrong and Laura is right.
The obvious ladies are saying it. Laura
is right. I have no problem there. She's
right. It's right. This is where it gets
complicated. All right. If we're both
right, Laura's right.
And again, I have no problem with that
cuz SHE'S RIGHT. SO, OKAY. OKAY. OKAY,
I'LL GIVE IT TO HER. THAT'S FINE. Here's
where it really gets messy. If I'm right
and she's wrong, doesn't happen often.
Now and then, doesn't matter. I would
rather be happy than right. So Laura's
right. [laughter] And then the hardest
one, if we're both wrong, Don is wrong.
If you're single, get out your phone,
take a picture of this right now.
This took me 20 years to figure out.
I'm sharing it with you now.
Now, a lot of times when I got in
trouble, I made my wife upset. It's cuz
I was trying to help. I was watching her
vacuum one day and clearly she did not
have a plan. [laughter]
She went that way and that way. She went
over the same spot like seven times.
And as I sat there on the couch, which
might have been the problem now that I
think about it,
[laughter] I said, "You know, honey,
there's a more efficient way to vacuum.
If you went around the room like a
Zamboni at an ice rink, [laughter]
you wouldn't go over the same spot every
every time. And it was me more
efficient. Have more free time. I'm
trying to help you out. It's more
efficient." So, you know, Dom, that is
more efficient. Want to know why? Cuz
you're going to be doing it from now on.
and I do the vacuuming and I think I I
do it better. I think I won that
argument,
but I'm not allowed to say it. So, there
you go.
Now, my wife and I, you know, opposites
attract. It's amazing. She's intuitive
and spontaneous. I'm logical and
structured. And it it comes with
financially, it's the same way. One,
almost every couple, one person's a
saver, one person's a spender. In our
relationship, I'm the saver and my wife
is the spender. And we're both very good
at what we do. [laughter]
So, we recently got like a distant
relative died and left us $6,000 out of
the blue. So, we each budgeted it and I
said to my wife, "Here's how I'd like to
spend it." I'm a guy, but I want to
spend so I want to get a QLED TV, a 85
inch big TV, right? And that's $47.99
and then I want to save the rest $1,21.
That's that was my plan. She looked at
this and amazing to me. She goes,
"That's all you're going to save?" I'm
like, "What do you mean?" She goes, "I
got a much better plan than that?" I
went, I got excited. I'm like, "You
going to save more? Tell me more." She
goes, "Well, first of all, forget about
your TV for now. What we really need is
a new couch, a new coffee table, and a
new rug cuz the other ones are almost 5
years old. They're out OF STYLE." I'M
LIKE,
she goes, "I can get the couch for
2,900. I like the coffee table 99,009."
And I quickly added it in my head and I
said, "Well, that's $59.97." I added it
in my head and that's only $3 in
savings. She goes, "What are you talking
about? It's way more savings than that."
I said, "How do you figure it?" She
goes, "Well, first of all, that's the
sale price. The actual price of the
couch was $44.99. I saved $1,500.
The coffee table that was $16.99. I
saved another $700 there. The rug I got
for, look at $2,000 off of the rug for a
total savings of $4,200. [laughter]
Wait, she went on. I'm now going to take
that $4,200 that I just saved, buy that
television, which I found on sale,
saving another $800 for a total savings
of $5,000.
I'm like, "Honey, you are so hot right
now. [laughter]
How did you do that?"
One thing she's upset with me is I won't
go shopping with her anymore. I I can't
I'm older. I can't keep up. I get
cramps. I get weak. And she goes, "Well,
you just don't want to hang out with
me." I said, "No, I just I don't shop
like you." She goes, "What are you
talking about?" I go, "WHEN I SHOP, I
DON'T shop the same way." She goes,
"Well, how do you shop?" I said, "I'll
show you. I got a GPS tracking device.
Here's how I shop." And then I tracked
her. So here's I need a pair of pants.
Here's how I shop. Here's how Don shops.
I walk in the mall, take a left, take a
right, buy some pants, take a left, take
a right, and go home. [laughter]
It takes me 6 minutes and cost me $33.
I am done shopping for 2020.
I got my cargo pants. I'm ready to go.
Same thing. Laura needs to go shopping.
She needs a pair of pants. Here's how
Laura does it. She walks in the mall.
There she is right there. [laughter]
3 hours 26 minutes, $876.
So, my wife saw me do this She
goes, "You're not asking yourself the
right question, mister. Ask yourself
who's the more efficient shopper, Mr.
Smarty Cargo Pants." Let's do the
analysis. You, Don, you spent $33 in 6
minutes. That's a cost per minute of
$5.50 per minute. I, Laura, spent $876
in 26 minutes. That's 425. I kicked your
butt.
I love it when you talk nerdy to me,
honey. Talk nerdy to me.
And then finally, there's a lot of keys
to a happy marriage. This, I believe, is
one of the many keys. But if you can get
this to happen, it's really going to be
good. Two things need to line up. Your
spouse's looks here and your vision over
there need to decay at exactly the same
rate.
That is a beautiful thing. COME ON.
It doesn't YOU'LL BOTH LOOK THE SAME TO
EACH OTHER YOUR WHOLE LIVES. YOU CAN
ALWAYS BE I CAN LOOK RIGHT AT MY WIFE
AND SAY, "HONEY, you're as beautiful as
the day I met you. I'm sorry you're over
there. You're as beautiful as the day I
met you."
That's it for me. You guys have been so
much fun. Thank you so much. Tonight, I
am celebrating my background. I am an
engineer. Any engineers in the crowd?
That was way more than I expected there
to be. It's after 7:00. What are you
doing out so late?
Give me a binary high five. One 0 one.
All right. This is a pretty nerdy crowd.
I like it. The binary high five. Not
everybody gets that one. Oh god, that's
a good one. A binary.
So, I'm celebrating being an engineer.
And if you know anything about
engineers, uh we always work in
PowerPoint. So, uh I have a lot of
slides. Get ready.
And I have some bad news. I have some
well might maybe you'll enjoy this but
uh according to state law this
PowerPoint uh we have to actually start
with a compliance and diversity
training.
I'm sorry take it's about a three-hour
refresher course. [laughter]
We've locked the doors. You're not going
anywhere. So just if I can I'm kidding.
I'm kidding. I would not do that to you.
I wouldn't do that. I really want to
talk to you about something much more
important and that is uh the benefits of
a reverse mortgage. [laughter]
You're sitting on money, ladies and
gentlemen.
I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
We're kidding. I call tonight I call
tonight's show I am engineer because I
am I'm a proud engineer. My If you're an
engineer, you have to give my resume.
That's my resume right there. Yeah.
Thank you very much. I have a master's
degree from a little co school called
Stanford University. Uh but then I quit
my day job. I was on America's Got
Talent last year. Uh thanks to Drywire.
Thank you, Dry Bar.
But I want to tell you and I and ven
diagrams are the best way to explain
what an engineer does. I'm the world's
number one ven diagram comic by the way.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Takes
three things to be an engineer. You have
to be into some kind of science. You
have to solve problems. And you have to
do it quick and dirty. You do. It has to
be fixed fast. We make the world run.
Engineers whether you like it or not. We
make the world run. You need to thank.
In fact, next time you see an engineer,
hug him or her. They won't like it, but
hug them anyway.
We make the world run and we have to do
it fast, right? What's interesting is
what's around engineering. So if you're
into science and you solve problems, but
it's not quick and dirty. If you take
years and years and years, you win a
Nobel Prize.
You solve one problem in 17 years, you
win a Nobel Prize. You solve one problem
in 17, you get fired in one week as an
engineer. [laughter]
Over here, if you're into science and
it's quick and dirty, but you don't
solve problems, uh, you're a drug
dealer. [laughter]
you're actually creating problems.
And if you solve problems and it's quick
and dirty, but you're not into science,
uh, you're a hitman. [laughter]
So, that's our sweet spot, right? The
engineers are between Nobel Prize
winners, drug dealers, and hitman.
That's what
So, how do you know you're AN ENGINEER?
COUPLE SIGNS you're an engineer. You
know you're an engineer if at the end of
every weekend, three things that were
broken are now fixed, but six things
that were working are now broken.
We can't help ourselves. We can't.
Couple weeks ago, I had a fan wobbling
in my house. It It no longer wobbles,
but it doesn't work anymore either.
But it doesn't wobble. So, I think I
actually fixed the problem.
You know you're engineer if you know
you're an engineer. If you don't know
your son's age, you don't know your
son's age, but you know he was born
three versions of Windows ago.
This is a very nerdy crowd. I enjoy this
crowd. [laughter]
Not every crowd laughs at that joke.
It's like my son is an XP child. Anybody
else have an XP kid? We were very happy
he was not a Vista child. Really? You
You don't want a Vista kid. They're very
unstable.
Uh you know YOU'RE AN ENGINEER IF YOU
KNOW YOU'RE AN ENGINEER IF YOU SAW
BARBIE AND OPPENHEIMER on the same day.
Anybody else? I did. I did. It was a bad
idea. No, it's not a good idea. It's
like watching like, you know,
Schindler's List and Dumb and Dumber.
No, not a good idea. You can hear the
gears in your brain stripping as you're
But if you're an engineer, IF YOU
WATCHED THEM BOTH IN the same day, and
this was true with me, you still found
more flaws in Oppenheimer than in
Barbie.
I'm like, this physics is not correct.
Barbie, I totally bought.
You know, you're an engineer. If you
know you're an engineer, if uh you think
dating, you think dating is like buying
a computer. It is. You look for
performance, reliability, compatibility,
and most of all uh no viruses.
It's just like dating. Am I wrong? Am I
wrong? I don't think I'm wrong. Uh you
know, YOU'RE AN ENGINEER IF PEOPLE PE
PEOPLE THINK you are so boring. They
think we're boring. People think you're
so boring. You once had a near life
experience.
People
think we're boring. I HATE THAT. SO, I
CAME UP WITH A set of emojis just for
engineers. Just for engineers, a set of
emojis. Just so you know, you're
engineers. That one right there, that
one, that is a that's a happy engineer.
You have to carefully that is a sad.
All right. That's mad, laughing, love,
confused. You're starting to look a lot
alike. Disgust, surprise, joy. And see
that one right there? See that one? That
one? That one is uh the project is
finished.
That is the best day right there. That's
the happiest you'll ever see an
engineer.
You know you're engineer because you
can't stop doing math. This is why I got
into engineering. I love math. I love
math. So when I got into comedy, I want
to make math fun. So we get kids into
science, technology, engineering, math.
You make math fun. And I came up with I
call it comedy math. We used to use
pictures and images. Make math fun. And
when you do math, it proves something
because when they break it down, you see
the truth. So, for example, eBay, eBay
minus the internet and you got a garage
sale,
right? It's the same junk. It's just on
the internet. [laughter]
On the other hand, on the other hand,
Twitter miners the internet and you have
junior high school. That's what it is.
It's that's what it is.
Twitter is I'll prove it to you. Watch.
Remember the the the cafeteria in junior
high school? Oh, I got an A in math.
You're ugly. No one likes you. It's
Twitter.
Mathematically proven. You can't argue
with it. Uh, AP, where does store names
come from? Watch this. AP, the American
Association of Retired Persons, plus the
Department of Defense, and you've got
Old Davy.
All right, this is the stupid part of my
act, just so you know. Don't overthink
these people. Some of my smarter crowd
members are going, "Is there more to
that? That's just dumb."
Uh, sir, the mattress people plus coler
the faucet people plus religion and you
get Bed Bath and Beyond.
Bed Bath and Beyond. [laughter]
Uh, Wikipedia. Wikipedia minus depends.
And you've got Wikileaks. Of course,
it's Wikileaks.
That's the funniest Wikileaks will ever
be. Doesn't get funnier than that. I'm
sorry. Uh YouTube, this already
happened. YouTube plus attention deficit
disorder and you've got Tik Tok. That's
what Tik Tok is.
Totally what Tik Tok is. Terrible.
Terrible. Terrible. Uh this one's just
amazing. Watch this. Miley Cyrus. Miley
Cyrus minus makeup. If we remove all
your makeup, you've got Justin Bieber.
Look at that.
Is that not amazing?
I think they're the same person. I
really do. Think of one person, two
careers. It's genius. [laughter]
Uh Tesla. Tesla. Warning. Bad joke.
Ahead. Warning. Warning. Tesla. Tesla
plus men's cologne. Where's he going
with this one? And you get uh Elon Musk.
It's really bad. I apologize. [laughter]
But next time you see Elon Musk, you'll
laugh. They'll think I think I can smell
him. He's got the [laughter]
uh Mark Zuckerberg. I'm picking all the
rich guys now. Mark Zuckerberg. Mark
Zuckerberg. Minus brains. If you pulled
out his brains, you'd get the scarecrow
from the Wizard of Oz.
I can prove it. Watch. You got to put
the hat then.
Perfect.
I rest my case.
And this will be the last one. Jeff
Bezos, Mr. Amazon. Jeff Bezos. Jeff
Bezos plus space travel. He's doing that
now. And you have Dr. Evil. He's Dr.
Evil.
LOOK, LOOK. WATCH. JUST LOOK. [laughter]
OKAY. This This will be the nerdiest bit
I do tonight. So, hang in there. I
figured if you prove something
mathematically, it proves it. No, beyond
a shadow of a doubt. Mathematically
proven. Can't argue. I wanted to prove
why I don't like Facebook. So, I broke
it down. What is Facebook when you break
it down? It's friends plus updates plus
ads. That's all it is. Friends, updates,
ads. Now, as you update more and more
about stuff none of us cares about.
Going for a walk. It's a beautiful day.
Too much foam in my latte. Ruined my
day. Sad face.
[laughter] Right. You're annoying as
though the minutia of your life. You
are. So, what's happening? your friends
are dropping off because they don't
they're annoying them which means your
updates are meaningless which means
eventually Facebook is ads right it's
just ads after a while it's just ads and
what's an ad when you buy an ad it's pay
a certain amount of money runs for a
certain length of time therefore
Facebook by the substitution property is
times money right we all know in the
business world time is money therefore
Facebook is money times money or in fact
money squared
hang in there your eyes are starting to
glaze
You're like, I did not know I needed an
advanced degree to come to a dry bar,
baby.
Two more steps. Two more. Two more. We
all know money is the root of all evil.
Therefore, money squared is evil.
Therefore, Facebook is evil. I read my
Thank you.
A Facebook proof. Thank you. Thank you.
You know what I love about that? You're
applauding a mathematical proof. How
cool is that? That doesn't happen at
math conventions. Okay. Nice job,
isosles. We've learned what you've done.
We love it.
Uh, you know, you're an engineer. Let's
go back to this. You know, you're an
ENGINEER IF, UH, FONT CHOICE MATTERS.
YES. Somebody also, I'm I'm like a
church service. Yes. Font choice
matters. Font choice. And I'll prove to
you why FONT CHOICE THE FONT YOU choose
makes a difference to the message you're
sending. I'll prove to you why. THIS IS
THE Declaration of Independence. I
actually saw it in Philadelphia. I did a
show at the Independence Center. Amazing
document right there. Look what happens
if you just change the font to curls.
Not nearly as good.
We would not have our country if they
typed it in curls.
They would not take that seriously.
Font choice matters.
And I got on this kick because my sister
found a poem that I wrote wrote my wife
when we were dating. I always writeed
these silly little poems, but I'd end it
with a heartfelt note, but I wouldn't
change the font. And my sister is like,
"You couldn't change the font right at
the end." Like I wrote right at the end
in to home my f you will always be mine
and I left it in that font. She goes,
"Just change the font." You know, be a
little romantic. Just if you change it
to the miss you fought. Look, same
words. You will always be mine.
Hear that? That the ladies actually went
a same words. The only thing I changed
was the font. Now you change it
something strange font. You would always
be mine. [cheering]
That's not what I meant at all.
Same words, different font choice
matters.
You always have to be accurate. I made
this one especially for you and you'll
see why in a second. Always people
always ask engineers questions and and I
want to be accurate when I ask them
answer them. One of the questions I get
all the time is where you from? Where
you from? Where you from? Where do you
meet? Where'd I grow up? Where do I live
now? Where am I from? Well, technically
I'm from here. Now I'm from here.
[laughter] So what how do I answer this?
Answer this correctly every time. So I
figured it out. I had time. I had like
two weeks to kill. So I figured this
out. I grew up the first 25 years of my
life. I grew up in Cherry Hill, New
Jersey, just across from Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania. That's where I lived for
25 years. And it was cool. I liked being
in that area. But then I moved to
Silicon Valley. I worked in Silicon
Valley. I worked there for 12 years in
San Jose, California. So after 37 years
of my life, mathematically, I was from
somewhere in Indiana. [laughter]
I am so glad I didn't have to explain
that joke to you guys. [laughter]
Some crowds don't understand, you know,
time topographical analysis.
Now, I was in San Jose for a while. Then
I moved to Southern California. I've
been in Southern California over here.
I've been there 25 YEARS. SO, AS OF
TODAY, I FIGURED out if you figure it
out. I'm going to zoom in. I'm from
Utah. Right there. Look at this. I AM
ACTUALLY FROM PROVO. [cheering]
TODAY, [applause]
today is the anniversary. I'm in Provo.
And next week, I'll be in Eagle Springs.
I believe [laughter]
I'm moving west.
We love charts. We love charts. Do we
not? Engineers love charts. We love
charts. I love I collect charts. ONE OF
MY I FOUND THIS CHART. NOW, at first I
thought this was depressing, but then I
found the humor in it. Okay, so this is
average global ocean temperature over
the last eight years. It's been going up
exponentially. Kind of depressing. THEN
I FOUND THIS. SAME PERIOD OF TIME, TIK
TOK USERS by year. Same period of time.
Proof, I believe, that Tik Tok is
causing global warming.
I figured out how to stop it, ladies and
gentlemen.
I found the humor.
Uh, this was a great chart in USA Today.
They came, they they asked people, "How
do you how do you use yourself? What do
you spend your most time on this cell
phone?" And people answered, "You can
answer multiple things, but the number
one answer, 26% of the time, texting is
the number one use of the phone. Number
one use of the phone. Number two,
posting social media. Uh, number three,
taking pictures. Number four, watching
videos. And number five was making
calls." The phone is now fifth in the
use of a phone.
It's not a phone anymore. It's a texting
machine we happen to make calls on. And
we don't want to make calls cuz number
six is blocking spam calls.
We don't want a phone. We don't. But
it's my job as a comic to bring truth to
this chart. So I think this is people
aren't honest to survey takers. So I I
reabelled. I think 3% of the time on
your phone is actually spent uh
searching for a plug to recharge your
phone.
I'm always worried about that. 5% of the
time is trying to remember passwords.
I can never I'm constantly asking my
wife, "Honey, honey, what was the cat's
name?" [laughter]
No, the password cat, what was his name?
Yeah, we have five cats. Only one is the
password cat. That's That's our level.
We have five levels of encryption. You
have to know which is the password.
That's a really nerdy joke right there.
And by the way, don't use your cat as
your password. Don't. Don't. Somebody
hacked our system. We had to rename our
cat.
Our cat's name is now CK Capital 97 back
slash Anderson [laughter]
7. I think it's seven this week.
7% of the time with your phone is spent
uh searching for your phone if you're my
age. 11% of the time calling your wife's
phone to help her find her phone. And
19% of the time checking to make sure I
didn't lose my phone again.
And the number one use OF THE PHONE, I
BELIEVE, is correcting autocorrect.
Oh my god.
Yes. Oh, horrible. [applause]
Autocorrect is horrible. It is. It's
terrible. It changes things. It
shouldn't. It changes things. Perfect
example. Okay. My wife sent this to me
on my birthday. Happy birthday to you.
Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday,
dead husband. [laughter]
Happy birthday, de
is Isra trying to kill ME OFF. WHAT IS
happening here? Did it change it to that
or just not corrected? Is my wife
wishing me dead? [laughter]
And my wife's very funny. I texted her
back. I said, "I assume you meant dear."
And she said, "Did I did I?
Are you sure?"
And at work, I'm working with this guy,
Charlie. Okay. I'm I'm I'm into
football, so I use a lot of football
terms. I said, "Charlie, I can't talk
right now. Let's huddle up later." And
autocorrect changed that to let's cuddle
up later. [laughter]
Now, I like Charlie, but I don't want to
spoon him. I'm sorry. [laughter]
And he texted me back, "I'm reporting
you to AR."
Thank you, autocorrect.
But that's when I realized that
autocorrect can save me. One time you
can get away with this. One time,
married guys, you can get away with
this. Okay. Every year we rotate whose
family we spend Christmas with, right?
One year we'll do my family, the next My
wife couldn't remember which one we were
doing this year, so she texted me, "Hi,
honey. I want to buy airline tickets for
Christmas. Are we going to my family's
this year? And me being the good husband
I am replied, sure, I love your family.
But apparently autocorrect changed that
to I would rather cut my thumbs off.
And I explained to my wife that was
autocorrect. I cannot believe it said
that. [laughter]
And I saved my marriage.
All right, back to this. Remember this?
This is how I started. YOU KNOW, YOU'RE
AN ENGINEER. IF UH YOU ANALYZE
EVERYTHING, YOU ANALYZE everything with
your engineer. This I I I I am line
cursed and I figured out if if you see
me in a store, don't get in line with it
will be the slowest line that was there.
And I know it cuz I watch I analyze
everything. When I get in line, I pick a
guy who's equally far back from me,
right? And I watch how I do. And every
time as the lines go, I lose. I'm in the
slow line. Doesn't matter. IT'S SAME
DAY. SAME CASHIER'S DIFFERENT DAY. If
I'm in that line, that's the slow line.
I lose. And this is how bad it got. This
really happened to me. I'm in line one
day and I see that guy and he again,
he's kicking me. He's He's just kicking
my butt, right? He's moving way faster
than me. And at some point, you know
you've been here, you decide, okay, I'm
making the leap. And what happens the
minute you do that?
Yeah. The line you're in, all of a
sudden, this line starts flying, right?
They're waving people through. IT'S FREE
FOR ALL YOU PEOPLE TODAY. COME ON.
THIS LINE IS JUST FLYING AND AND you're
afraid. I'm afraid to move back cuz I
know I'm cursed. So, I'm going, "Nope, I
made my choice. I'm staying here." So, I
stay in that line and I'm getting closer
and closer and closer. And I finally get
there and this lady takes out like 5,000
coupons
and I just stop. I screech to a halt.
And then what happens? THIS GUY, SAME
GUY FROM BEFORE, HE COMES BACK IN. He's
now kicking my butt for the second time.
HE FORGOT SOMETHING. HE'S NOW GOING TO
PASS ME AGAIN. But I I I made my choice.
I'm staying that line. So, I stay in
that line. I stay IN THAT LINE. FINALLY,
I'M NOT MOVING. COMPLETELY OPEN. I JUMP
OVER THERE. They close the lane and I
lose again. And a bunch of people run
in. [laughter]
These charts made me three and a half
weeks it took me to make these charts.
This drives me crazy. Okay, analyze
this. Every time I go to plug in a USB
device, it's upside down. Every time
it's upside down. IT CAN ONLY GO IN TWO
DIFFERENT WAYS. 50% OF THE TIME, BUT NO,
IT'S never right. And sometimes I stop
myself. I'm like, "Wait, it's going to
be upside down. Turn it." Still upside
down. [laughter]
So I I did it a thousand times. It is
upside down 78.2% of the time. It's
correct 3.6 and it's upside down either
way. 18.2% of the time.
There's a gyroscope in there. You turn,
it turns.
Some things just don't make sense as an
engineer because I analyze everything.
When I first got married, nothing made
sense. I wandered AROUND THE HOUSE.
NEVER LIVED WITH A WOMAN UNTIL I GOT
MARRIED. I LIKE, WHY? WHY DO WE HAVE
LITTLE BITTY PILLOWS IN OUR BED? We had
like 30 little bit. By the way, they're
horrible pillows. NEVER TRIED TO SLEEP.
They will put an indent in your face if
you try to sleep on them.
And we don't sleep on them. You know
what we do every night? WE TAKE THEM OFF
AND put them back ON IN THE MORNING.
WHY? WHY ARE SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN
Dwarfs sleeping on the bed during the
day? IT MAKES NO SENSE. WHY? WHY IS
THERE A CURTAIN AROUND THE BOTTOM OF her
bed all of a sudden? Is there a play
GOING ON RIGHT THERE? [laughter]
ARE THE DWARVES DOING death of a
salesman WHEN I'M NOT THERE? WHAT'S
HAPPENING? [laughter]
How how many hair products does one
human need? MY WIFE HAD LIKE SHAMPOO,
PRE-SHAMPOO, OPERATION to conditioner,
deconditioner, tangler, revitalizer,
devitalizer, unvitalizer. I, on the
other hand, had one bottle. It was that
tall.
I got it at Costco in 1993.
Comes in a 53gallon jug. It's amazing.
And it's not even shampoo. It's hair
cleaner. They can't call it shampoo.
But I love it. I have and I better cuz I
have eight more. It came in a nine pack.
That's true.
Finally. One thing I've analyzed is we
The one thing we all have in common is
we all want to be happy, right? We all
want to be happy. The one thing we have
in common, we all want to be happy. And
several years ago, when my son was very
little, I decided this is how my brain
works that I figured out if I could come
up with a flowchart. If I was unhappy, I
could follow the flowchart and become
happy. I really did this. This is how my
mind works. So, as I looked at it, it
was really hard. I had so much going on
in my life. And here's how engineers
brains work. I said, I'll start with a
simple model and then build from there.
So, I looked at my son who was only one
month old at the time and I said, let's
do his happiness flowchart. Okay, here's
happiness flowchart at one month. Three
things you need. You got food? Yes. You
slept? Yes. You pooped? Yes. You're
happy. That's it. That's the key to
happiness when you're one month old,
right, parents? Yes. Yeah. Now, here you
are at 50. There's a lot more stuff
going on. [laughter]
I got to go fast. I'm almost out of
time. Okay. First of all, you need
money, which means, of course, you need
to have a job. And if you have a job,
you know you got to have vacation cuz
you don't like your job. Everybody knows
that. And then you worry about your
health as you get older. And then
there's all these acronyms, the BMI,
your EKG, your LDL, your HDL. And that
made me think, well, I like sports. Then
then I like the NHL and the NBA and the
NFL, which I watch on NBC where I was on
AGT and streaming on Peacock. They're
paying me to say that.
Just want you to know that I put that in
just for the money. Thank you. I can't
help it. [applause]
And when I'm watching that on MY TV, BUT
NO, YOU CAN'T JUST have any TV. No, you
have to have a smart TV. In fact, all
your appliances have to be smart, right?
You have to have a smart thermostat and
a smart refrigerator. And it's a smart
everything. It's not going to be good.
It's every appliances are going to be
talking. You're going to walk up to your
refrigerator one day. It's going, "Hey
buddy, I've been talking to the scale.
You are not getting in here, bucko.
You are packing on the pounds there,
mister.
Back on. We've alerted the treadmill.
You do 10 more minutes. Come back and
maybe we'll talk. [laughter]
All right. AND NOT IT'S NOT JUST
APPLIANCES. EVERYTHING. THERE'S SMART
SHOES NOW. There's shoes that have a
chip in them. THIS IS REAL. THEY'RE
SMART PANTS. THEY'RE SMART UNDERWEAR. I
KID YOU NOT. SMART UNDERWEAR. WHAT IS
YOUR UNDERWEAR GOING to tell you? Oh,
it's two days change alert. No.
Level two leakage. FULL WEDGIE DETECTED.
NO.
I DON'T WANT SMART UNDERWEAR. AND THEN I
REALIZED, WELL, THAT DOESN'T MATTER. IF
MY FAMILY'S not happy, nobody's happy. I
don't know why it took me this long, but
it took me this long to figure it out.
So, I started WITH MY DOG. MY DOG IS A
member of the family. So, I have a dog.
I actually made a dog flowchart. Okay.
My dog wants to walk every day. He likes
to scratch his stomach. He goes crazy.
And he likes to roll and poop. I don't
know why, but he likes that. Joey. Then
there's my son. I have a teenage son.
And what makes a teenage son happy?
Nothing. NOTHING MAKES A TEENAGER HAPPY.
NOTHING. NOTHING. NOT. Don't even try.
Don't even bother. But you know what
makes him unhappy? Take their phone
away. That makes him very unhappy.
So if he's not happy, nobody. But then
there's my wife. AND MY WIFE'S NOT
HAPPY. NOBODY'S HAPPY. SO THERE THERE'S
MY WIFE right there. [cheering]
I have not even put a dent in this one
yet.
Which brings me back to me. Am I happy?
Am I I have no idea. But I do know this.
I do know this. When you get to 90, you
are right back here again. And with
that, I want to say thank you all for
laughing.
