up here. If you're smart and socially up here. If you're smart and socially up here. If you're smart and socially awkward, uh you're a dork, awkward, uh you're a dork, awkward, uh you're a dork, and we have all spent time in the dork and we have all spent time in the dork and we have all spent time in the dork region. region. region. And if you're socially awkward and And if you're socially awkward and And if you're socially awkward and obsessed, uh you're a stalker. See how obsessed, uh you're a stalker. See how obsessed, uh you're a stalker. See how that works? that works? that works? I have some interesting news. I'm one of I have some interesting news. I'm one of I have some interesting news. I'm one of the the few comedians who works in uh the the few comedians who works in uh the the few comedians who works in uh PowerPoint. PowerPoint. PowerPoint. If you think I'm kidding, I'm not. And If you think I'm kidding, I'm not. And If you think I'm kidding, I'm not. And uh [laughter] uh [laughter] uh [laughter] I actually have some bad news. Uh that's I actually have some bad news. Uh that's I actually have some bad news. Uh that's me right there. But this actually this me right there. But this actually this me right there. But this actually this is not a comedy show. You've been lured is not a comedy show. You've been lured is not a comedy show. You've been lured here. I actually want to talk to you here. I actually want to talk to you here. I actually want to talk to you about a time share here at the dry bar. You could own your seat one week a year. You could own your seat one week a year. You could own your seat one week a year. I'm just kidding. I wouldn't really do I'm just kidding. I wouldn't really do I'm just kidding. I wouldn't really do that. But I used to be an engineer. Any that. But I used to be an engineer. Any that. But I used to be an engineer. Any engineers in the crowd? engineers in the crowd? engineers in the crowd? >> That was so pathetic >> That was so pathetic >> That was so pathetic >> and yet so perfect for engineers. >> and yet so perfect for engineers. >> and yet so perfect for engineers. So because I'm an engineer, I put my act So because I'm an engineer, I put my act So because I'm an engineer, I put my act on PowerPoint. That's how engineers on PowerPoint. That's how engineers on PowerPoint. That's how engineers communicate. And uh that was me when I communicate. And uh that was me when I communicate. And uh that was me when I was an engineer. I worked in Silicon was an engineer. I worked in Silicon was an engineer. I worked in Silicon Valley, San Jose. Yeah, people are Valley, San Jose. Yeah, people are Valley, San Jose. Yeah, people are actually get Oh my god, that's wrong. actually get Oh my god, that's wrong. actually get Oh my god, that's wrong. [laughter] This is how big a nerd I was. [laughter] This is how big a nerd I was. [laughter] This is how big a nerd I was. My pants stopped right about here. If your p if If you're I didn't even If your p if If you're I didn't even If your p if If you're I didn't even wear shirts. Turtleneck pants. That's wear shirts. Turtleneck pants. That's wear shirts. Turtleneck pants. That's what I wore. [laughter] what I wore. [laughter] what I wore. [laughter] I was tucking my nipples in. That's not I was tucking my nipples in. That's not I was tucking my nipples in. That's not right. I had to undo my fly to shake hands with I had to undo my fly to shake hands with I had to undo my fly to shake hands with people. That's how high my pants were. people. That's how high my pants were. people. That's how high my pants were. I feel this is a nerdy crowd. I do. I feel this is a nerdy crowd. I do. I feel this is a nerdy crowd. I do. And by the way, I am a nerd. I am not a And by the way, I am a nerd. I am not a And by the way, I am a nerd. I am not a geek. I am a nerd. Not a geek. And geek. I am a nerd. Not a geek. And geek. I am a nerd. Not a geek. And what's the difference you say between a what's the difference you say between a what's the difference you say between a nerd and a geek? I actually have a ven nerd and a geek? I actually have a ven nerd and a geek? I actually have a ven diagram to show you. I have lots of graphs and charts. Be I have lots of graphs and charts. Be I have lots of graphs and charts. Be prepared. prepared. prepared. It takes three things to be a nerd. You It takes three things to be a nerd. You It takes three things to be a nerd. You have to be smart, socially awkward, and have to be smart, socially awkward, and have to be smart, socially awkward, and obsessed. All three of those things. obsessed. All three of those things. obsessed. All three of those things. You're just laughing at the charts, sir. You're just laughing at the charts, sir. You're just laughing at the charts, sir. Clearly, he's in marketing. Smart, socially awkward, and obsessed. Smart, socially awkward, and obsessed. Smart, socially awkward, and obsessed. You're a nerd. Geeks, on the other hand, You're a nerd. Geeks, on the other hand, You're a nerd. Geeks, on the other hand, tend to be just smart and obsessed. tend to be just smart and obsessed. tend to be just smart and obsessed. [laughter] They're just Star Trek geeks, [laughter] They're just Star Trek geeks, [laughter] They're just Star Trek geeks, comic book geeks. THEY GO TO comic book geeks. THEY GO TO comic book geeks. THEY GO TO CONVENTIONS. THEY GO TO PUBLIC EVENTS, CONVENTIONS. THEY GO TO PUBLIC EVENTS, CONVENTIONS. THEY GO TO PUBLIC EVENTS, NOT NERDS. I'M NOT at a convention NOT NERDS. I'M NOT at a convention NOT NERDS. I'M NOT at a convention unless I'm working it support. That's unless I'm working it support. That's unless I'm working it support. That's the only reason I'm there. [laughter] the only reason I'm there. [laughter] the only reason I'm there. [laughter] Up here, if you're smart and socially Up here, if you're smart and socially Up here, if you're smart and socially awkward, uh, you're a dork. awkward, uh, you're a dork. awkward, uh, you're a dork. And we have all spent time in the dork And we have all spent time in the dork And we have all spent time in the dork region. region. region. And if you're socially awkward and And if you're socially awkward and And if you're socially awkward and obsessed, uh, you're a stalker. See how obsessed, uh, you're a stalker. See how obsessed, uh, you're a stalker. See how that works? >> I love to watch people try to figure out >> I love to watch people try to figure out >> I love to watch people try to figure out where they are on my chart. where they are on my chart. where they are on my chart. I think I'm a dork stalker. [laughter] So, what does it mean to be a nerd? So, what does it mean to be a nerd? So, what does it mean to be a nerd? Because I'm a proud nerd. There's a Because I'm a proud nerd. There's a Because I'm a proud nerd. There's a couple things you can tell if you're a couple things you can tell if you're a couple things you can tell if you're a nerd. First of all, when it comes to nerd. First of all, when it comes to nerd. First of all, when it comes to formal wear, if you're a nerd, we love formal wear, if you're a nerd, we love formal wear, if you're a nerd, we love cargo pants. cargo pants. cargo pants. Yeah, people are with me. I got my cargo Yeah, people are with me. I got my cargo Yeah, people are with me. I got my cargo pants on right now, baby. I got pockets pants on right now, baby. I got pockets pants on right now, baby. I got pockets everywhere. I love cargo. I have cargo everywhere. I love cargo. I have cargo everywhere. I love cargo. I have cargo underwear on. That's how much I love underwear on. That's how much I love underwear on. That's how much I love cargo pants. [laughter] cargo pants. [laughter] cargo pants. [laughter] And by the way, really big nerds. Really And by the way, really big nerds. Really And by the way, really big nerds. Really big nerds. They're in cargo shorts. Several people are pointing each other. Several people are pointing each other. Several people are pointing each other. Oh yeah, Doug. Doug wears the cargo Oh yeah, Doug. Doug wears the cargo Oh yeah, Doug. Doug wears the cargo shorts. shorts. shorts. And I defend cargo pants. I do. I think And I defend cargo pants. I do. I think And I defend cargo pants. I do. I think they're superior. My wife is horrified they're superior. My wife is horrified they're superior. My wife is horrified that I wear cargo pants. I did a cargo that I wear cargo pants. I did a cargo that I wear cargo pants. I did a cargo pant analysis. Okay, there's a regular pant analysis. Okay, there's a regular pant analysis. Okay, there's a regular pair OF PANTS. THAT MUCH IS FUNCTIONAL. pair OF PANTS. THAT MUCH IS FUNCTIONAL. pair OF PANTS. THAT MUCH IS FUNCTIONAL. TOTALLY useless part of the pant. THERE TOTALLY useless part of the pant. THERE TOTALLY useless part of the pant. THERE IS NOTHING. THAT RIGHT THERE, that is a IS NOTHING. THAT RIGHT THERE, that is a IS NOTHING. THAT RIGHT THERE, that is a great pair of pants. Look at that. great pair of pants. Look at that. great pair of pants. Look at that. That's a great pair of pants. [cheering] That's a great pair of pants. [cheering] That's a great pair of pants. [cheering] Look at that. You could you could carry Look at that. You could you could carry Look at that. You could you could carry your entire life in those pants. your entire life in those pants. your entire life in those pants. You could keep an extra pair of pants in You could keep an extra pair of pants in You could keep an extra pair of pants in a pocket of your pants. a pocket of your pants. a pocket of your pants. You're prepared for anything. You're prepared for anything. You're prepared for anything. What else does it mean to know? We love What else does it mean to know? We love What else does it mean to know? We love charts. I love charts. I love I collect charts. I love charts. I love I collect charts. I love charts. I love I collect charts and I like a chart that really charts and I like a chart that really charts and I like a chart that really sums things up in like one visual sums things up in like one visual sums things up in like one visual experience. A whole whole thing in one experience. A whole whole thing in one experience. A whole whole thing in one chart. For example, here's what's going chart. For example, here's what's going chart. For example, here's what's going to happen if you're making microwave to happen if you're making microwave to happen if you're making microwave popcorn. Okay, here's the number of popcorn. Okay, here's the number of popcorn. Okay, here's the number of edible pieces here on the y ais edible pieces here on the y ais edible pieces here on the y ais and on the x-axis is the time, right? and on the x-axis is the time, right? and on the x-axis is the time, right? You're at one minute, two minutes, no You're at one minute, two minutes, no You're at one minute, two minutes, no pieces have popped, right? Very quiet. pieces have popped, right? Very quiet. pieces have popped, right? Very quiet. Nothing happening in the microwave. At Nothing happening in the microwave. At Nothing happening in the microwave. At some point above two minutes, you don't some point above two minutes, you don't some point above two minutes, you don't know exactly where. All pieces are know exactly where. All pieces are know exactly where. All pieces are popped. All pieces are burned. Right? That that happens every time, Right? That that happens every time, Right? That that happens every time, right? right? right? Quiet. Quiet. Go. It's all They're all Quiet. Quiet. Go. It's all They're all Quiet. Quiet. Go. It's all They're all popped. The bag is on fire. The smoke popped. The bag is on fire. The smoke popped. The bag is on fire. The smoke alarm is blaring and your house will alarm is blaring and your house will alarm is blaring and your house will stink for at least a week. [laughter] stink for at least a week. [laughter] stink for at least a week. [laughter] That is the experience. That is the experience. That is the experience. And that window of edible popcorn, that And that window of edible popcorn, that And that window of edible popcorn, that is a one nancond. [laughter] is a one nancond. [laughter] is a one nancond. [laughter] You do not stand a chance. You do not stand a chance. You do not stand a chance. Some of my charts, I don't know why Some of my charts, I don't know why Some of my charts, I don't know why they're true. I just know from they're true. I just know from they're true. I just know from experience that this is what happens. experience that this is what happens. experience that this is what happens. This is my gym, the locker room of my This is my gym, the locker room of my This is my gym, the locker room of my gym. Okay? I walk in, I am that blue dot gym. Okay? I walk in, I am that blue dot gym. Okay? I walk in, I am that blue dot right there. I start to get changed. right there. I start to get changed. right there. I start to get changed. Pretty much the minute I get all my Pretty much the minute I get all my Pretty much the minute I get all my clothes off, 12 guys walk in and this is clothes off, 12 guys walk in and this is clothes off, 12 guys walk in and this is where their lockers are. Does that not happen every single time? Does that not happen every single time? Does that not happen every single time? Huge empty locker room. I'm surrounded Huge empty locker room. I'm surrounded Huge empty locker room. I'm surrounded by naked guys within seconds. by naked guys within seconds. by naked guys within seconds. Defies probability. That defies prob. Defies probability. That defies prob. Defies probability. That defies prob. And speaking of probability, basic And speaking of probability, basic And speaking of probability, basic probability says if you flip a quarter a probability says if you flip a quarter a probability says if you flip a quarter a thousand times, it'll land heads 500 thousand times, it'll land heads 500 thousand times, it'll land heads 500 times and tails 500 times. When there's times and tails 500 times. When there's times and tails 500 times. When there's a standard deviation, that's what will a standard deviation, that's what will a standard deviation, that's what will happen. I guarantee it. And that'll hold happen. I guarantee it. And that'll hold happen. I guarantee it. And that'll hold true for a quarter. But not everything. true for a quarter. But not everything. true for a quarter. But not everything. When my son was little, he loved jelly When my son was little, he loved jelly When my son was little, he loved jelly bread. [laughter] If you drop a piece of jelly bread a If you drop a piece of jelly bread a If you drop a piece of jelly bread a thousand times and parents know you give thousand times and parents know you give thousand times and parents know you give your kid a piece of jelly bread, it hits your kid a piece of jelly bread, it hits your kid a piece of jelly bread, it hits the floor, it's not going to land jelly the floor, it's not going to land jelly the floor, it's not going to land jelly side up. No, that's not as messy. The side up. No, that's not as messy. The side up. No, that's not as messy. The messy way 800 times out of a thousand. messy way 800 times out of a thousand. messy way 800 times out of a thousand. You get a break 200 times out of You get a break 200 times out of You get a break 200 times out of thousand. Right. Right, parents? Right. thousand. Right. Right, parents? Right. thousand. Right. Right, parents? Right. And that's on a kitchen floor. Right. If And that's on a kitchen floor. Right. If And that's on a kitchen floor. Right. If if you have a nice rug, forget it. You if you have a nice rug, forget it. You if you have a nice rug, forget it. You don't stand a chance. I've seen a piece of jelly break an inch I've seen a piece of jelly break an inch I've seen a piece of jelly break an inch above a nice carpet hover and then flip above a nice carpet hover and then flip above a nice carpet hover and then flip the other way. [laughter] the other way. [laughter] the other way. [laughter] It's a law of physics. Jellybread It's a law of physics. Jellybread It's a law of physics. Jellybread physics. >> Yeah. There are some things I can't >> Yeah. There are some things I can't >> Yeah. There are some things I can't prove. I just believe them to be true. I prove. I just believe them to be true. I prove. I just believe them to be true. I believe there is only one ultrasound and believe there is only one ultrasound and believe there is only one ultrasound and they give the same photo to every single they give the same photo to every single they give the same photo to every single person. I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure I've never seen one that didn't look I've never seen one that didn't look I've never seen one that didn't look like everybody's ever like, "HEY, THAT'S like everybody's ever like, "HEY, THAT'S like everybody's ever like, "HEY, THAT'S YOU. THAT'S MY SON. THAT'S THEY ALL look YOU. THAT'S MY SON. THAT'S THEY ALL look YOU. THAT'S MY SON. THAT'S THEY ALL look the same." the same." the same." Sometimes I walk by a joke. I walk by Sometimes I walk by a joke. I walk by Sometimes I walk by a joke. I walk by this sign. Now that's a good sign. It's this sign. Now that's a good sign. It's this sign. Now that's a good sign. It's a good sign. It's not a great sign. I a good sign. It's not a great sign. I a good sign. It's not a great sign. I immediately thought of a better sign. immediately thought of a better sign. immediately thought of a better sign. Want to see a better sign? That is a Want to see a better sign? That is a Want to see a better sign? That is a better sign. [laughter] If you didn't see the difference, I'll If you didn't see the difference, I'll If you didn't see the difference, I'll show it to you again. [laughter] show it to you again. [laughter] show it to you again. [laughter] Good sign. Far superior sign. Good sign. Far superior sign. Good sign. Far superior sign. And if you didn't see a difference, have And if you didn't see a difference, have And if you didn't see a difference, have your prescription checked right now. your prescription checked right now. your prescription checked right now. See, that sign's better cuz people See, that sign's better cuz people See, that sign's better cuz people walking by are going to want to come in. walking by are going to want to come in. walking by are going to want to come in. YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE WALK UP. PEOPLE ARE YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE WALK UP. PEOPLE ARE YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE WALK UP. PEOPLE ARE GOING TO GO, "Oh no, I think I need GOING TO GO, "Oh no, I think I need GOING TO GO, "Oh no, I think I need glasses." [laughter] Sometimes I find charts and I found this Sometimes I find charts and I found this Sometimes I find charts and I found this chart. They took a survey. They said, chart. They took a survey. They said, chart. They took a survey. They said, "What's the first thing you do when you "What's the first thing you do when you "What's the first thing you do when you get out of bed in the morning?" And this get out of bed in the morning?" And this get out of bed in the morning?" And this year, and they said, "Uh, 34% of people year, and they said, "Uh, 34% of people year, and they said, "Uh, 34% of people read email, 23% check weather, 20% post read email, 23% check weather, 20% post read email, 23% check weather, 20% post to social media, 17% read news, 6% check to social media, 17% read news, 6% check to social media, 17% read news, 6% check markets." Life has changed so much just markets." Life has changed so much just markets." Life has changed so much just from 25 years ago. Let's go back to from 25 years ago. Let's go back to from 25 years ago. Let's go back to 1995. If you ask the same question, what 1995. If you ask the same question, what 1995. If you ask the same question, what is the first thing you do when you get is the first thing you do when you get is the first thing you do when you get out of bed morning? 97% of people would out of bed morning? 97% of people would out of bed morning? 97% of people would say, "I pee." Remember the good old days when we had Remember the good old days when we had Remember the good old days when we had time to pee [clears throat] in the time to pee [clears throat] in the time to pee [clears throat] in the morning. [laughter] morning. [laughter] morning. [laughter] NOW WE HAVE ALL KINDS OF THINGS TO DO. NOW WE HAVE ALL KINDS OF THINGS TO DO. NOW WE HAVE ALL KINDS OF THINGS TO DO. BY THE WAY, 3% of people would say, "I BY THE WAY, 3% of people would say, "I BY THE WAY, 3% of people would say, "I changed the sheets because I peed him." changed the sheets because I peed him." changed the sheets because I peed him." That was the other. Is that progress? I don't think that's Is that progress? I don't think that's Is that progress? I don't think that's progress. What else? It be big data is how we live What else? It be big data is how we live What else? It be big data is how we live by big data. I love statistics, big data by big data. I love statistics, big data by big data. I love statistics, big data analytics, whatever. But here's the analytics, whatever. But here's the analytics, whatever. But here's the thing. When it comes to big data, thing. When it comes to big data, thing. When it comes to big data, there's a lot of bad data out there there's a lot of bad data out there there's a lot of bad data out there because statistics can be manipulated to because statistics can be manipulated to because statistics can be manipulated to show you how you can manipulate show you how you can manipulate show you how you can manipulate statistics. These are actual true stat. statistics. These are actual true stat. statistics. These are actual true stat. Watch what I do with them. These are Watch what I do with them. These are Watch what I do with them. These are actual true. It turns out in China, actual true. It turns out in China, actual true. It turns out in China, there's about 1.4 billion people in there's about 1.4 billion people in there's about 1.4 billion people in China, right? 1.4. There are seven China, right? 1.4. There are seven China, right? 1.4. There are seven billion people on Earth. Therefore, billion people on Earth. Therefore, billion people on Earth. Therefore, statistically, it cannot be argued statistically, it cannot be argued statistically, it cannot be argued one out of every five babies born on one out of every five babies born on one out of every five babies born on Earth are in fact Chinese. So, you could Earth are in fact Chinese. So, you could Earth are in fact Chinese. So, you could say statistically if you got four kids, say statistically if you got four kids, say statistically if you got four kids, you're expecting a fifth, it will be you're expecting a fifth, it will be you're expecting a fifth, it will be Chinese. Chinese. Chinese. So, don't be surprised. That's all I'm So, don't be surprised. That's all I'm So, don't be surprised. That's all I'm saying. Don't be surprised. saying. Don't be surprised. saying. Don't be surprised. I don't have a problem with it. You I don't have a problem with it. You I don't have a problem with it. You fifth kid's going to be Chinese. Just fifth kid's going to be Chinese. Just fifth kid's going to be Chinese. Just deal with it. So when you hear a statistic, always ask So when you hear a statistic, always ask So when you hear a statistic, always ask about the other side of a statistic. about the other side of a statistic. about the other side of a statistic. Ask, you know, look at it from a Ask, you know, look at it from a Ask, you know, look at it from a different perspective. 44% of marriages different perspective. 44% of marriages different perspective. 44% of marriages end in divorce. 44. Now that's a scary end in divorce. 44. Now that's a scary end in divorce. 44. Now that's a scary number. That that's scary. When you number. That that's scary. When you number. That that's scary. When you first get married, you're like, "Oh my first get married, you're like, "Oh my first get married, you're like, "Oh my god." But here's the thing. It's not so god." But here's the thing. It's not so god." But here's the thing. It's not so scary when you look at it from a scary when you look at it from a scary when you look at it from a different perspective. If 44% of different perspective. If 44% of different perspective. If 44% of marriages end in divorce, you know what marriages end in divorce, you know what marriages end in divorce, you know what that means? 56% of marriages end in that means? 56% of marriages end in that means? 56% of marriages end in death. [laughter] Those are the two ways that marriages Those are the two ways that marriages Those are the two ways that marriages end. Folks, end. Folks, end. Folks, apparently this is just occurring to apparently this is just occurring to apparently this is just occurring to some of the married people out there. some of the married people out there. some of the married people out there. Just be enjoy being married cuz it's not Just be enjoy being married cuz it's not Just be enjoy being married cuz it's not pretty when it ends. Trust me. pretty when it ends. Trust me. pretty when it ends. Trust me. Perspective is important. Here's another Perspective is important. Here's another Perspective is important. Here's another one. 65% of Americans are overweight for one. 65% of Americans are overweight for one. 65% of Americans are overweight for their height. But maybe, just maybe, 65% their height. But maybe, just maybe, 65% their height. But maybe, just maybe, 65% of Americans are just not tall enough of Americans are just not tall enough of Americans are just not tall enough for their weight. >> I am not 20 lb overweight. I am 3 in too >> I am not 20 lb overweight. I am 3 in too >> I am not 20 lb overweight. I am 3 in too short. Darn it. [laughter] short. Darn it. [laughter] short. Darn it. [laughter] I'm going to Height Watchers. Uh the insurance companies will TELL YOU Uh the insurance companies will TELL YOU Uh the insurance companies will TELL YOU THIS IS TRUE. 95% OF ALL car accidents THIS IS TRUE. 95% OF ALL car accidents THIS IS TRUE. 95% OF ALL car accidents occur within one mile of your home. That occur within one mile of your home. That occur within one mile of your home. That is true. And even in the brightest of is true. And even in the brightest of is true. And even in the brightest of crowds, there's always a couple of crowds, there's always a couple of crowds, there's always a couple of people thinking, "Oo, I got to move." people thinking, "Oo, I got to move." people thinking, "Oo, I got to move." No, that's not going to help. Trust me, No, that's not going to help. Trust me, No, that's not going to help. Trust me, that is not going to help. that is not going to help. that is not going to help. But if you believe that, therefore, if But if you believe that, therefore, if But if you believe that, therefore, if you believe that, the safest thing to do you believe that, the safest thing to do you believe that, the safest thing to do is park one mile from her home and walk is park one mile from her home and walk is park one mile from her home and walk the rest of the way. [laughter] Really do that. Please do that. Really do that. Please do that. Really do that. Please do that. THIS ONE'S AMAZING. I WROTE IT AS A THIS ONE'S AMAZING. I WROTE IT AS A THIS ONE'S AMAZING. I WROTE IT AS A JOKE, but I actually think it's a good JOKE, but I actually think it's a good JOKE, but I actually think it's a good idea. Watch this. When the lottery a idea. Watch this. When the lottery a idea. Watch this. When the lottery a couple years ago hit $1.6 billion, $146 couple years ago hit $1.6 billion, $146 couple years ago hit $1.6 billion, $146 million people bought tickets. 146. million people bought tickets. 146. million people bought tickets. 146. Remember that number? 146 million people Remember that number? 146 million people Remember that number? 146 million people bought tickets. In the 2016 president's bought tickets. In the 2016 president's bought tickets. In the 2016 president's election, 136 million people voted. 10 election, 136 million people voted. 10 election, 136 million people voted. 10 million less than played the lottery. million less than played the lottery. million less than played the lottery. >> Yeah. So, you know what? We want more >> Yeah. So, you know what? We want more >> Yeah. So, you know what? We want more people to vote. Every election, we people to vote. Every election, we people to vote. Every election, we should pick one voter to win $1.6 should pick one voter to win $1.6 should pick one voter to win $1.6 billion. >> Look at that. Now, we're all I can't >> Look at that. Now, we're all I can't >> Look at that. Now, we're all I can't wait to vote. Let's go vote. wait to vote. Let's go vote. wait to vote. Let's go vote. We wait in line for hours. Who you vote We wait in line for hours. Who you vote We wait in line for hours. Who you vote for? I don't care. Give me a quick pick. for? I don't care. Give me a quick pick. for? I don't care. Give me a quick pick. I just got to get in. [laughter] This is a true survey. They asked women. This is a true survey. They asked women. This is a true survey. They asked women. I did not make this up. is I read this I did not make this up. is I read this I did not make this up. is I read this and immediately thought what I'm about and immediately thought what I'm about and immediately thought what I'm about to share. 33% of women pled said they to share. 33% of women pled said they to share. 33% of women pled said they have dated an ugly guy just because he have dated an ugly guy just because he have dated an ugly guy just because he was funny which I think is amazing. was funny which I think is amazing. was funny which I think is amazing. Ladies, you use a criteria nothing I've Ladies, you use a criteria nothing I've Ladies, you use a criteria nothing I've never heard a man ever say, "Well, she's never heard a man ever say, "Well, she's never heard a man ever say, "Well, she's not very uh pretty but she's funny. I not very uh pretty but she's funny. I not very uh pretty but she's funny. I want to go out with her." Doesn't want to go out with her." Doesn't want to go out with her." Doesn't happen. So, thank you ladies for so happen. So, thank you ladies for so happen. So, thank you ladies for so being so much less shallow than men. being so much less shallow than men. being so much less shallow than men. That's what I'm saying. [laughter] That's what I'm saying. [laughter] That's what I'm saying. [laughter] So, I thought that was great until I So, I thought that was great until I So, I thought that was great until I realized, hold on, I'm married. You know realized, hold on, I'm married. You know realized, hold on, I'm married. You know what that really means? That means what that really means? That means what that really means? That means there's a one in three chance my wife there's a one in three chance my wife there's a one in three chance my wife thinks I'm ugly. I'm like, "Honey, am I good-look? YOU'RE I'm like, "Honey, am I good-look? YOU'RE I'm like, "Honey, am I good-look? YOU'RE FUNNY. SHUT UP." [laughter] FUNNY. SHUT UP." [laughter] FUNNY. SHUT UP." [laughter] And then finally, I hear this one on the And then finally, I hear this one on the And then finally, I hear this one on the radio all the time. One out of 10 people radio all the time. One out of 10 people radio all the time. One out of 10 people suffer from hemorrhoids. [laughter] suffer from hemorrhoids. [laughter] suffer from hemorrhoids. [laughter] One out of 10 people suffer from One out of 10 people suffer from One out of 10 people suffer from hemorrhoids. Does that mean that nine hemorrhoids. Does that mean that nine hemorrhoids. Does that mean that nine out of 10 people actually enjoy out of 10 people actually enjoy out of 10 people actually enjoy hemorrhoids? hemorrhoids? hemorrhoids? Oo, the itching AND BURNING. Oo, the itching AND BURNING. Oo, the itching AND BURNING. IT'S THAT TIME OF YEAR. HER BACK. OH, IT'S THAT TIME OF YEAR. HER BACK. OH, IT'S THAT TIME OF YEAR. HER BACK. OH, LET'S go dancing. I can't sit down LET'S go dancing. I can't sit down LET'S go dancing. I can't sit down anyway. Come on. The question I always get more than The question I always get more than The question I always get more than anything is how does somebody go from anything is how does somebody go from anything is how does somebody go from engineer to comedian? It's not your engineer to comedian? It's not your engineer to comedian? It's not your typical career path. So, uh I didn't typical career path. So, uh I didn't typical career path. So, uh I didn't realize I used ven diagrams earlier, but realize I used ven diagrams earlier, but realize I used ven diagrams earlier, but uh ven diagram is a perfect way to uh ven diagram is a perfect way to uh ven diagram is a perfect way to explain how this happened. So, here's explain how this happened. So, here's explain how this happened. So, here's what happened in my career choice. Okay, what happened in my career choice. Okay, what happened in my career choice. Okay, I was in high school. I was good at two I was in high school. I was good at two I was in high school. I was good at two things. I had math skills and I was good things. I had math skills and I was good things. I had math skills and I was good at problem solving. And when you're good at problem solving. And when you're good at problem solving. And when you're good at those two things, no guidance at those two things, no guidance at those two things, no guidance counselor says you sort of should be a counselor says you sort of should be a counselor says you sort of should be a comedian. comedian. comedian. They would get fired. So they said, "I They would get fired. So they said, "I They would get fired. So they said, "I should become an engineer." So that's should become an engineer." So that's should become an engineer." So that's what I got my engineering degree. Right? what I got my engineering degree. Right? what I got my engineering degree. Right? Over here, if you got people skills, Over here, if you got people skills, Over here, if you got people skills, you're good with people, and you're good you're good with people, and you're good you're good with people, and you're good at problem solving, you probably go into at problem solving, you probably go into at problem solving, you probably go into management, right? Your MBA makes management, right? Your MBA makes management, right? Your MBA makes perfect sense. Over here, if you got perfect sense. Over here, if you got perfect sense. Over here, if you got OCD, everything has to be exactly right. OCD, everything has to be exactly right. OCD, everything has to be exactly right. And you have math skills. Uh you're an And you have math skills. Uh you're an And you have math skills. Uh you're an accountant is what you are. [laughter] accountant is what you are. [laughter] accountant is what you are. [laughter] You can't solve any problems, but you You can't solve any problems, but you You can't solve any problems, but you can identify them. That's how that can identify them. That's how that can identify them. That's how that works. works. works. That's what accountants do. Trust me. That's what accountants do. Trust me. That's what accountants do. Trust me. They're like, "This is not adding up. They're like, "This is not adding up. They're like, "This is not adding up. You, this is not good. I am so glad I am You, this is not good. I am so glad I am You, this is not good. I am so glad I am not you." [laughter] Over here, if you're into drinking and Over here, if you're into drinking and Over here, if you're into drinking and you have people skills, well, join our you have people skills, well, join our you have people skills, well, join our sales force. [laughter] Welcome aboard. Welcome aboard. Welcome aboard. Over here, if you're a heartless and you Over here, if you're a heartless and you Over here, if you're a heartless and you have OCD, uh, you're in human resources. have OCD, uh, you're in human resources. have OCD, uh, you're in human resources. >> [laughter] >> Don't worry, they're not here. >> Don't worry, they're not here. >> Don't worry, they're not here. And if you're heartless and into And if you're heartless and into And if you're heartless and into drinking, uh, you're a lawyer is what drinking, uh, you're a lawyer is what drinking, uh, you're a lawyer is what you are. you are. you are. And if you're all those things, you are And if you're all those things, you are And if you're all those things, you are in fact a comedian. in fact a comedian. in fact a comedian. Thank you. Thank you. I don't think a ven diagram has ever I don't think a ven diagram has ever I don't think a ven diagram has ever gotten applause before. That was a new gotten applause before. That was a new gotten applause before. That was a new one. That was a new one for me. one. That was a new one for me. one. That was a new one for me. So, this last thing I'm going to So, this last thing I'm going to So, this last thing I'm going to present, this is my kind of my research present, this is my kind of my research present, this is my kind of my research study. I uh I when I first got married, study. I uh I when I first got married, study. I uh I when I first got married, I I you know, it was just it was hard I I you know, it was just it was hard I I you know, it was just it was hard for me. I was an engineer. What did I for me. I was an engineer. What did I for me. I was an engineer. What did I do? I solved problems all day. I solved do? I solved problems all day. I solved do? I solved problems all day. I solved problems all day and I couldn't stop. problems all day and I couldn't stop. problems all day and I couldn't stop. I'd come home from work and I'd solve my I'd come home from work and I'd solve my I'd come home from work and I'd solve my wife would give me a problem and I'd wife would give me a problem and I'd wife would give me a problem and I'd solve it. And it turns out to not be a solve it. And it turns out to not be a solve it. And it turns out to not be a skill necessary in marriage. skill necessary in marriage. skill necessary in marriage. One time she said, "I feel fat." I said, One time she said, "I feel fat." I said, One time she said, "I feel fat." I said, "Reduce your choric intake, increase "Reduce your choric intake, increase "Reduce your choric intake, increase your activity." [laughter] That is not the correct answer. That is not the correct answer. That is not the correct answer. The correct answer is you're pretty. The correct answer is you're pretty. The correct answer is you're pretty. So, I wrote that down. I got better at So, I wrote that down. I got better at So, I wrote that down. I got better at it. I learned I I I started collecting it. I learned I I I started collecting it. I learned I I I started collecting data cuz that's what engineers do. And I data cuz that's what engineers do. And I data cuz that's what engineers do. And I and I put it together. I called the and I put it together. I called the and I put it together. I called the engineers guide to life. And uh your engineers guide to life. And uh your engineers guide to life. And uh your results may vary, by the way. [laughter] results may vary, by the way. [laughter] results may vary, by the way. [laughter] Do your own studies. Do your own studies. Do your own studies. But a lot of truths came out of the But a lot of truths came out of the But a lot of truths came out of the data. The first one I plotted, and not a data. The first one I plotted, and not a data. The first one I plotted, and not a lot of guys do this, I plotted the lot of guys do this, I plotted the lot of guys do this, I plotted the chances of me winning argument versus chances of me winning argument versus chances of me winning argument versus time. and three distinct periods popped time. and three distinct periods popped time. and three distinct periods popped out of the data. When we were first out of the data. When we were first out of the data. When we were first dating, I had a 50/50 shot in any dating, I had a 50/50 shot in any dating, I had a 50/50 shot in any argument. I had no inkling at the time argument. I had no inkling at the time argument. I had no inkling at the time that those were the glory days. that those were the glory days. that those were the glory days. [laughter] That is the best I would ever [laughter] That is the best I would ever [laughter] That is the best I would ever do. Cuz once we got engaged, it do. Cuz once we got engaged, it do. Cuz once we got engaged, it immediately dropped to one and four. And immediately dropped to one and four. And immediately dropped to one and four. And then since I've been married, I am uh 0 then since I've been married, I am uh 0 then since I've been married, I am uh 0 for 963. for 963. for 963. I actually thought I won one argument. I actually thought I won one argument. I actually thought I won one argument. We argued about who won that argument We argued about who won that argument We argued about who won that argument and I lost the argument about who won and I lost the argument about who won and I lost the argument about who won the argument, but I think I WON ONE. the argument, but I think I WON ONE. the argument, but I think I WON ONE. >> [laughter] >> SO WHY? My question was why am I losing >> SO WHY? My question was why am I losing >> SO WHY? My question was why am I losing so many arguments? So I did what any so many arguments? So I did what any so many arguments? So I did what any good engineer would do. I flowcharted an good engineer would do. I flowcharted an good engineer would do. I flowcharted an actual argument we had. actual argument we had. actual argument we had. This is a true story. When my son was This is a true story. When my son was This is a true story. When my son was little, I had a mobile of all the little, I had a mobile of all the little, I had a mobile of all the planets that I was going to hang from planets that I was going to hang from planets that I was going to hang from the ceiling of his room. Right? So I the ceiling of his room. Right? So I the ceiling of his room. Right? So I hung the sun and Mercury and Venus and hung the sun and Mercury and Venus and hung the sun and Mercury and Venus and the Earth and Mars. And I went to hang the Earth and Mars. And I went to hang the Earth and Mars. And I went to hang Pluto because it was in the box. And I Pluto because it was in the box. And I Pluto because it was in the box. And I went, "Oh, wait. Pluto's not a planet. went, "Oh, wait. Pluto's not a planet. went, "Oh, wait. Pluto's not a planet. I'm not going to hang it." And my wife I'm not going to hang it." And my wife I'm not going to hang it." And my wife said, "Yes, it is. Pluto's a planet. We said, "Yes, it is. Pluto's a planet. We said, "Yes, it is. Pluto's a planet. We learned it at school. It's the ninth learned it at school. It's the ninth learned it at school. It's the ninth planet." It's the one all the way out planet." It's the one all the way out planet." It's the one all the way out there. It's the ninth planet. No, there. It's the ninth planet. No, there. It's the ninth planet. No, actually, it's been downgraded. It's a actually, it's been downgraded. It's a actually, it's been downgraded. It's a dwarf planet now. It's a It's It's not a dwarf planet now. It's a It's It's not a dwarf planet now. It's a It's It's not a planet. She goes, "Yes, this is where planet. She goes, "Yes, this is where planet. She goes, "Yes, this is where the argument started. Watch where it the argument started. Watch where it the argument started. Watch where it goes. It's stunning." So, she says, goes. It's stunning." So, she says, goes. It's stunning." So, she says, "Pluto is a planet." I say, "No." She "Pluto is a planet." I say, "No." She "Pluto is a planet." I say, "No." She says, "Are you saying I'm dumb?" says, "Are you saying I'm dumb?" says, "Are you saying I'm dumb?" That is what we call a trap. Cuz if I say no or yes, that leaves a Cuz if I say no or yes, that leaves a Cuz if I say no or yes, that leaves a divorce. I'm not I'm not an idiot. I divorce. I'm not I'm not an idiot. I divorce. I'm not I'm not an idiot. I don't say that. I say no. I'm a good don't say that. I say no. I'm a good don't say that. I say no. I'm a good husband. She goes, I don't like the way husband. She goes, I don't like the way husband. She goes, I don't like the way you argue. You're using science and you argue. You're using science and you argue. You're using science and logic and math. You are saying I'm dumb. logic and math. You are saying I'm dumb. logic and math. You are saying I'm dumb. Again, if I say yes, that leads to Again, if I say yes, that leads to Again, if I say yes, that leads to divorce. So, I say no. She goes, why divorce. So, I say no. She goes, why divorce. So, I say no. She goes, why don't you respect me? You don't even don't you respect me? You don't even don't you respect me? You don't even care about my feelings. This is a trap care about my feelings. This is a trap care about my feelings. This is a trap in the other direction. Right? Cuz if I in the other direction. Right? Cuz if I in the other direction. Right? Cuz if I say no, I don't care about your say no, I don't care about your say no, I don't care about your feelings. That leads a divorce. So, then feelings. That leads a divorce. So, then feelings. That leads a divorce. So, then go I say yes. She goes, well, do you go I say yes. She goes, well, do you go I say yes. She goes, well, do you want to sleep on the couch? And well, want to sleep on the couch? And well, want to sleep on the couch? And well, frankly, uh, that's not really an frankly, uh, that's not really an frankly, uh, that's not really an option. So, in our house, uh, Pluto is option. So, in our house, uh, Pluto is option. So, in our house, uh, Pluto is officially a planet. [laughter] In fact, it is my favorite planet now. In fact, it is my favorite planet now. In fact, it is my favorite planet now. By the way, [laughter] By the way, [laughter] By the way, [laughter] I redid the mobile. Uh, Pluto is now the I redid the mobile. Uh, Pluto is now the I redid the mobile. Uh, Pluto is now the center of the universe. All the other center of the universe. All the other center of the universe. All the other planets revolve around Pluto. [laughter] planets revolve around Pluto. [laughter] planets revolve around Pluto. [laughter] It's a great planet. So, this will be the nerdiest thing I So, this will be the nerdiest thing I So, this will be the nerdiest thing I do. And I and uh and I hope you hang in do. And I and uh and I hope you hang in do. And I and uh and I hope you hang in there. It gets pretty nerdy. But I was there. It gets pretty nerdy. But I was there. It gets pretty nerdy. But I was trying to logically figure out how to trying to logically figure out how to trying to logically figure out how to have a happy marriage. So, I went back have a happy marriage. So, I went back have a happy marriage. So, I went back to when I designed computers. This thing to when I designed computers. This thing to when I designed computers. This thing called a logic map. And when you buy called a logic map. And when you buy called a logic map. And when you buy design a computer, the way it thinks is design a computer, the way it thinks is design a computer, the way it thinks is using andgates and orgates. It's called using andgates and orgates. It's called using andgates and orgates. It's called boolean logic. And like for there's a boolean logic. And like for there's a boolean logic. And like for there's a gate, there's an ANDgate which says gate, there's an ANDgate which says gate, there's an ANDgate which says there's two inputs A and B. And when there's two inputs A and B. And when there's two inputs A and B. And when both inputs are true, the output's true. both inputs are true, the output's true. both inputs are true, the output's true. A and B both have to be true. So if A and B both have to be true. So if A and B both have to be true. So if either input's false, the output is either input's false, the output is either input's false, the output is false. Right? Then there's an orgate. false. Right? Then there's an orgate. false. Right? Then there's an orgate. Says if A or B is true, the output's Says if A or B is true, the output's Says if A or B is true, the output's true. Right? So if either one's true, true. Right? So if either one's true, true. Right? So if either one's true, the output's true. And only when they're the output's true. And only when they're the output's true. And only when they're both false is the output false. How does both false is the output false. How does both false is the output false. How does this get funny? Please get to it this get funny? Please get to it this get funny? Please get to it quickly. [laughter] quickly. [laughter] quickly. [laughter] I figured out the happiness logic map. I figured out the happiness logic map. I figured out the happiness logic map. Okay, here we go. The happy There's two Okay, here we go. The happy There's two Okay, here we go. The happy There's two inputs. Me and my wife Laura. Don and inputs. Me and my wife Laura. Don and inputs. Me and my wife Laura. Don and Laura. We'll start with the most easy Laura. We'll start with the most easy Laura. We'll start with the most easy case. Don is wrong and Laura is right. case. Don is wrong and Laura is right. case. Don is wrong and Laura is right. The obvious ladies are saying it. Laura The obvious ladies are saying it. Laura The obvious ladies are saying it. Laura is right. I have no problem there. She's is right. I have no problem there. She's is right. I have no problem there. She's right. It's right. This is where it gets right. It's right. This is where it gets right. It's right. This is where it gets complicated. All right. If we're both complicated. All right. If we're both complicated. All right. If we're both right, Laura's right. right, Laura's right. right, Laura's right. And again, I have no problem with that And again, I have no problem with that And again, I have no problem with that cuz SHE'S RIGHT. SO, OKAY. OKAY. OKAY, cuz SHE'S RIGHT. SO, OKAY. OKAY. OKAY, cuz SHE'S RIGHT. SO, OKAY. OKAY. OKAY, I'LL GIVE IT TO HER. THAT'S FINE. Here's I'LL GIVE IT TO HER. THAT'S FINE. Here's I'LL GIVE IT TO HER. THAT'S FINE. Here's where it really gets messy. If I'm right where it really gets messy. If I'm right where it really gets messy. If I'm right and she's wrong, doesn't happen often. and she's wrong, doesn't happen often. and she's wrong, doesn't happen often. Now and then, doesn't matter. I would Now and then, doesn't matter. I would Now and then, doesn't matter. I would rather be happy than right. So Laura's rather be happy than right. So Laura's rather be happy than right. So Laura's right. [laughter] And then the hardest right. [laughter] And then the hardest right. [laughter] And then the hardest one, if we're both wrong, Don is wrong. one, if we're both wrong, Don is wrong. one, if we're both wrong, Don is wrong. If you're single, get out your phone, If you're single, get out your phone, If you're single, get out your phone, take a picture of this right now. take a picture of this right now. take a picture of this right now. This took me 20 years to figure out. This took me 20 years to figure out. This took me 20 years to figure out. I'm sharing it with you now. I'm sharing it with you now. I'm sharing it with you now. Now, a lot of times when I got in Now, a lot of times when I got in Now, a lot of times when I got in trouble, I made my wife upset. It's cuz trouble, I made my wife upset. It's cuz trouble, I made my wife upset. It's cuz I was trying to help. I was watching her I was trying to help. I was watching her I was trying to help. I was watching her vacuum one day and clearly she did not vacuum one day and clearly she did not vacuum one day and clearly she did not have a plan. [laughter] She went that way and that way. She went She went that way and that way. She went She went that way and that way. She went over the same spot like seven times. over the same spot like seven times. over the same spot like seven times. And as I sat there on the couch, which And as I sat there on the couch, which And as I sat there on the couch, which might have been the problem now that I might have been the problem now that I might have been the problem now that I think about it, [laughter] I said, "You know, honey, [laughter] I said, "You know, honey, [laughter] I said, "You know, honey, there's a more efficient way to vacuum. there's a more efficient way to vacuum. there's a more efficient way to vacuum. If you went around the room like a If you went around the room like a If you went around the room like a Zamboni at an ice rink, [laughter] Zamboni at an ice rink, [laughter] Zamboni at an ice rink, [laughter] you wouldn't go over the same spot every you wouldn't go over the same spot every you wouldn't go over the same spot every every time. And it was me more every time. And it was me more every time. And it was me more efficient. Have more free time. I'm efficient. Have more free time. I'm efficient. Have more free time. I'm trying to help you out. It's more trying to help you out. It's more trying to help you out. It's more efficient." So, you know, Dom, that is efficient." So, you know, Dom, that is efficient." So, you know, Dom, that is more efficient. Want to know why? Cuz more efficient. Want to know why? Cuz more efficient. Want to know why? Cuz you're going to be doing it from now on. you're going to be doing it from now on. you're going to be doing it from now on. and I do the vacuuming and I think I I and I do the vacuuming and I think I I and I do the vacuuming and I think I I do it better. I think I won that do it better. I think I won that do it better. I think I won that argument, but I'm not allowed to say it. So, there but I'm not allowed to say it. So, there but I'm not allowed to say it. So, there you go. you go. you go. Now, my wife and I, you know, opposites Now, my wife and I, you know, opposites Now, my wife and I, you know, opposites attract. It's amazing. She's intuitive attract. It's amazing. She's intuitive attract. It's amazing. She's intuitive and spontaneous. I'm logical and and spontaneous. I'm logical and and spontaneous. I'm logical and structured. And it it comes with structured. And it it comes with structured. And it it comes with financially, it's the same way. One, financially, it's the same way. One, financially, it's the same way. One, almost every couple, one person's a almost every couple, one person's a almost every couple, one person's a saver, one person's a spender. In our saver, one person's a spender. In our saver, one person's a spender. In our relationship, I'm the saver and my wife relationship, I'm the saver and my wife relationship, I'm the saver and my wife is the spender. And we're both very good is the spender. And we're both very good is the spender. And we're both very good at what we do. [laughter] at what we do. [laughter] at what we do. [laughter] So, we recently got like a distant So, we recently got like a distant So, we recently got like a distant relative died and left us $6,000 out of relative died and left us $6,000 out of relative died and left us $6,000 out of the blue. So, we each budgeted it and I the blue. So, we each budgeted it and I the blue. So, we each budgeted it and I said to my wife, "Here's how I'd like to said to my wife, "Here's how I'd like to said to my wife, "Here's how I'd like to spend it." I'm a guy, but I want to spend it." I'm a guy, but I want to spend it." I'm a guy, but I want to spend so I want to get a QLED TV, a 85 spend so I want to get a QLED TV, a 85 spend so I want to get a QLED TV, a 85 inch big TV, right? And that's $47.99 inch big TV, right? And that's $47.99 inch big TV, right? And that's $47.99 and then I want to save the rest $1,21. and then I want to save the rest $1,21. and then I want to save the rest $1,21. That's that was my plan. She looked at That's that was my plan. She looked at That's that was my plan. She looked at this and amazing to me. She goes, this and amazing to me. She goes, this and amazing to me. She goes, "That's all you're going to save?" I'm "That's all you're going to save?" I'm "That's all you're going to save?" I'm like, "What do you mean?" She goes, "I like, "What do you mean?" She goes, "I like, "What do you mean?" She goes, "I got a much better plan than that?" I got a much better plan than that?" I got a much better plan than that?" I went, I got excited. I'm like, "You went, I got excited. I'm like, "You went, I got excited. I'm like, "You going to save more? Tell me more." She going to save more? Tell me more." She going to save more? Tell me more." She goes, "Well, first of all, forget about goes, "Well, first of all, forget about goes, "Well, first of all, forget about your TV for now. What we really need is your TV for now. What we really need is your TV for now. What we really need is a new couch, a new coffee table, and a a new couch, a new coffee table, and a a new couch, a new coffee table, and a new rug cuz the other ones are almost 5 new rug cuz the other ones are almost 5 new rug cuz the other ones are almost 5 years old. They're out OF STYLE." I'M years old. They're out OF STYLE." I'M years old. They're out OF STYLE." I'M LIKE, LIKE, LIKE, she goes, "I can get the couch for she goes, "I can get the couch for she goes, "I can get the couch for 2,900. I like the coffee table 99,009." 2,900. I like the coffee table 99,009." 2,900. I like the coffee table 99,009." And I quickly added it in my head and I And I quickly added it in my head and I And I quickly added it in my head and I said, "Well, that's $59.97." I added it said, "Well, that's $59.97." I added it said, "Well, that's $59.97." I added it in my head and that's only $3 in in my head and that's only $3 in in my head and that's only $3 in savings. She goes, "What are you talking savings. She goes, "What are you talking savings. She goes, "What are you talking about? It's way more savings than that." about? It's way more savings than that." about? It's way more savings than that." I said, "How do you figure it?" She I said, "How do you figure it?" She I said, "How do you figure it?" She goes, "Well, first of all, that's the goes, "Well, first of all, that's the goes, "Well, first of all, that's the sale price. The actual price of the sale price. The actual price of the sale price. The actual price of the couch was $44.99. I saved $1,500. couch was $44.99. I saved $1,500. couch was $44.99. I saved $1,500. The coffee table that was $16.99. I The coffee table that was $16.99. I The coffee table that was $16.99. I saved another $700 there. The rug I got saved another $700 there. The rug I got saved another $700 there. The rug I got for, look at $2,000 off of the rug for a for, look at $2,000 off of the rug for a for, look at $2,000 off of the rug for a total savings of $4,200. [laughter] total savings of $4,200. [laughter] total savings of $4,200. [laughter] Wait, she went on. I'm now going to take Wait, she went on. I'm now going to take Wait, she went on. I'm now going to take that $4,200 that I just saved, buy that that $4,200 that I just saved, buy that that $4,200 that I just saved, buy that television, which I found on sale, television, which I found on sale, television, which I found on sale, saving another $800 for a total savings saving another $800 for a total savings saving another $800 for a total savings of $5,000. of $5,000. of $5,000. I'm like, "Honey, you are so hot right I'm like, "Honey, you are so hot right I'm like, "Honey, you are so hot right now. [laughter] now. [laughter] How did you do that?" One thing she's upset with me is I won't One thing she's upset with me is I won't One thing she's upset with me is I won't go shopping with her anymore. I I can't go shopping with her anymore. I I can't go shopping with her anymore. I I can't I'm older. I can't keep up. I get I'm older. I can't keep up. I get I'm older. I can't keep up. I get cramps. I get weak. And she goes, "Well, cramps. I get weak. And she goes, "Well, cramps. I get weak. And she goes, "Well, you just don't want to hang out with you just don't want to hang out with you just don't want to hang out with me." I said, "No, I just I don't shop me." I said, "No, I just I don't shop me." I said, "No, I just I don't shop like you." She goes, "What are you like you." She goes, "What are you like you." She goes, "What are you talking about?" I go, "WHEN I SHOP, I talking about?" I go, "WHEN I SHOP, I talking about?" I go, "WHEN I SHOP, I DON'T shop the same way." She goes, DON'T shop the same way." She goes, DON'T shop the same way." She goes, "Well, how do you shop?" I said, "I'll "Well, how do you shop?" I said, "I'll "Well, how do you shop?" I said, "I'll show you. I got a GPS tracking device. show you. I got a GPS tracking device. show you. I got a GPS tracking device. Here's how I shop." And then I tracked Here's how I shop." And then I tracked Here's how I shop." And then I tracked her. So here's I need a pair of pants. her. So here's I need a pair of pants. her. So here's I need a pair of pants. Here's how I shop. Here's how Don shops. Here's how I shop. Here's how Don shops. Here's how I shop. Here's how Don shops. I walk in the mall, take a left, take a I walk in the mall, take a left, take a I walk in the mall, take a left, take a right, buy some pants, take a left, take right, buy some pants, take a left, take right, buy some pants, take a left, take a right, and go home. [laughter] It takes me 6 minutes and cost me $33. It takes me 6 minutes and cost me $33. It takes me 6 minutes and cost me $33. I am done shopping for 2020. I am done shopping for 2020. I am done shopping for 2020. I got my cargo pants. I'm ready to go. I got my cargo pants. I'm ready to go. I got my cargo pants. I'm ready to go. Same thing. Laura needs to go shopping. Same thing. Laura needs to go shopping. Same thing. Laura needs to go shopping. She needs a pair of pants. Here's how She needs a pair of pants. Here's how She needs a pair of pants. Here's how Laura does it. She walks in the mall. Laura does it. She walks in the mall. Laura does it. She walks in the mall. There she is right there. [laughter] There she is right there. [laughter] There she is right there. [laughter] 3 hours 26 minutes, $876. So, my wife saw me do this She So, my wife saw me do this She So, my wife saw me do this She goes, "You're not asking yourself the goes, "You're not asking yourself the goes, "You're not asking yourself the right question, mister. Ask yourself right question, mister. Ask yourself right question, mister. Ask yourself who's the more efficient shopper, Mr. who's the more efficient shopper, Mr. who's the more efficient shopper, Mr. Smarty Cargo Pants." Let's do the Smarty Cargo Pants." Let's do the Smarty Cargo Pants." Let's do the analysis. You, Don, you spent $33 in 6 analysis. You, Don, you spent $33 in 6 analysis. You, Don, you spent $33 in 6 minutes. That's a cost per minute of minutes. That's a cost per minute of minutes. That's a cost per minute of $5.50 per minute. I, Laura, spent $876 $5.50 per minute. I, Laura, spent $876 $5.50 per minute. I, Laura, spent $876 in 26 minutes. That's 425. I kicked your in 26 minutes. That's 425. I kicked your in 26 minutes. That's 425. I kicked your butt. I love it when you talk nerdy to me, I love it when you talk nerdy to me, I love it when you talk nerdy to me, honey. Talk nerdy to me. And then finally, there's a lot of keys And then finally, there's a lot of keys And then finally, there's a lot of keys to a happy marriage. This, I believe, is to a happy marriage. This, I believe, is to a happy marriage. This, I believe, is one of the many keys. But if you can get one of the many keys. But if you can get one of the many keys. But if you can get this to happen, it's really going to be this to happen, it's really going to be this to happen, it's really going to be good. Two things need to line up. Your good. Two things need to line up. Your good. Two things need to line up. Your spouse's looks here and your vision over spouse's looks here and your vision over spouse's looks here and your vision over there need to decay at exactly the same there need to decay at exactly the same there need to decay at exactly the same rate. rate. rate. That is a beautiful thing. COME ON. That is a beautiful thing. COME ON. That is a beautiful thing. COME ON. COME ON. >> It doesn't YOU'LL BOTH LOOK THE SAME TO >> It doesn't YOU'LL BOTH LOOK THE SAME TO >> It doesn't YOU'LL BOTH LOOK THE SAME TO EACH OTHER YOUR WHOLE LIVES. YOU CAN EACH OTHER YOUR WHOLE LIVES. YOU CAN EACH OTHER YOUR WHOLE LIVES. YOU CAN ALWAYS BE I CAN LOOK RIGHT AT MY WIFE ALWAYS BE I CAN LOOK RIGHT AT MY WIFE ALWAYS BE I CAN LOOK RIGHT AT MY WIFE AND SAY, "HONEY, you're as beautiful as AND SAY, "HONEY, you're as beautiful as AND SAY, "HONEY, you're as beautiful as the day I met you. I'm sorry you're over the day I met you. I'm sorry you're over the day I met you. I'm sorry you're over there. You're as beautiful as the day I there. You're as beautiful as the day I there. You're as beautiful as the day I met you." met you." met you." >> That's it for me. You guys have been so >> That's it for me. You guys have been so >> That's it for me. You guys have been so much fun. Thank you so much. Tonight, I much fun. Thank you so much. Tonight, I much fun. Thank you so much. Tonight, I am celebrating my background. I am an am celebrating my background. I am an am celebrating my background. I am an engineer. Any engineers in the crowd? engineer. Any engineers in the crowd? engineer. Any engineers in the crowd? >> That was way more than I expected there >> That was way more than I expected there >> That was way more than I expected there to be. It's after 7:00. What are you to be. It's after 7:00. What are you to be. It's after 7:00. What are you doing out so late? doing out so late? doing out so late? Give me a binary high five. One 0 one. Give me a binary high five. One 0 one. Give me a binary high five. One 0 one. All right. This is a pretty nerdy crowd. All right. This is a pretty nerdy crowd. All right. This is a pretty nerdy crowd. I like it. The binary high five. Not I like it. The binary high five. Not I like it. The binary high five. Not everybody gets that one. Oh god, that's everybody gets that one. Oh god, that's everybody gets that one. Oh god, that's a good one. A binary. a good one. A binary. a good one. A binary. So, I'm celebrating being an engineer. So, I'm celebrating being an engineer. So, I'm celebrating being an engineer. And if you know anything about And if you know anything about And if you know anything about engineers, uh we always work in engineers, uh we always work in engineers, uh we always work in PowerPoint. So, uh I have a lot of PowerPoint. So, uh I have a lot of PowerPoint. So, uh I have a lot of slides. Get ready. slides. Get ready. slides. Get ready. And I have some bad news. I have some And I have some bad news. I have some And I have some bad news. I have some well might maybe you'll enjoy this but well might maybe you'll enjoy this but well might maybe you'll enjoy this but uh according to state law this uh according to state law this uh according to state law this PowerPoint uh we have to actually start PowerPoint uh we have to actually start PowerPoint uh we have to actually start with a compliance and diversity with a compliance and diversity with a compliance and diversity training. training. training. I'm sorry take it's about a three-hour I'm sorry take it's about a three-hour I'm sorry take it's about a three-hour refresher course. [laughter] refresher course. [laughter] refresher course. [laughter] We've locked the doors. You're not going We've locked the doors. You're not going We've locked the doors. You're not going anywhere. So just if I can I'm kidding. anywhere. So just if I can I'm kidding. anywhere. So just if I can I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I would not do that to you. I'm kidding. I would not do that to you. I'm kidding. I would not do that to you. I wouldn't do that. I really want to I wouldn't do that. I really want to I wouldn't do that. I really want to talk to you about something much more talk to you about something much more talk to you about something much more important and that is uh the benefits of important and that is uh the benefits of important and that is uh the benefits of a reverse mortgage. [laughter] a reverse mortgage. [laughter] a reverse mortgage. [laughter] You're sitting on money, ladies and You're sitting on money, ladies and You're sitting on money, ladies and gentlemen. gentlemen. gentlemen. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. We're kidding. I call tonight I call We're kidding. I call tonight I call We're kidding. I call tonight I call tonight's show I am engineer because I tonight's show I am engineer because I tonight's show I am engineer because I am I'm a proud engineer. My If you're an am I'm a proud engineer. My If you're an am I'm a proud engineer. My If you're an engineer, you have to give my resume. engineer, you have to give my resume. engineer, you have to give my resume. That's my resume right there. Yeah. That's my resume right there. Yeah. That's my resume right there. Yeah. Thank you very much. I have a master's Thank you very much. I have a master's Thank you very much. I have a master's degree from a little co school called degree from a little co school called degree from a little co school called Stanford University. Uh but then I quit Stanford University. Uh but then I quit Stanford University. Uh but then I quit my day job. I was on America's Got my day job. I was on America's Got my day job. I was on America's Got Talent last year. Uh thanks to Drywire. Talent last year. Uh thanks to Drywire. Talent last year. Uh thanks to Drywire. Thank you, Dry Bar. Thank you, Dry Bar. Thank you, Dry Bar. But I want to tell you and I and ven But I want to tell you and I and ven But I want to tell you and I and ven diagrams are the best way to explain diagrams are the best way to explain diagrams are the best way to explain what an engineer does. I'm the world's what an engineer does. I'm the world's what an engineer does. I'm the world's number one ven diagram comic by the way. number one ven diagram comic by the way. number one ven diagram comic by the way. >> Thank you. Thank you very much. Takes >> Thank you. Thank you very much. Takes >> Thank you. Thank you very much. Takes three things to be an engineer. You have three things to be an engineer. You have three things to be an engineer. You have to be into some kind of science. You to be into some kind of science. You to be into some kind of science. You have to solve problems. And you have to have to solve problems. And you have to have to solve problems. And you have to do it quick and dirty. You do. It has to do it quick and dirty. You do. It has to do it quick and dirty. You do. It has to be fixed fast. We make the world run. be fixed fast. We make the world run. be fixed fast. We make the world run. Engineers whether you like it or not. We Engineers whether you like it or not. We Engineers whether you like it or not. We make the world run. You need to thank. make the world run. You need to thank. make the world run. You need to thank. In fact, next time you see an engineer, In fact, next time you see an engineer, In fact, next time you see an engineer, hug him or her. They won't like it, but hug him or her. They won't like it, but hug him or her. They won't like it, but hug them anyway. hug them anyway. hug them anyway. We make the world run and we have to do We make the world run and we have to do We make the world run and we have to do it fast, right? What's interesting is it fast, right? What's interesting is it fast, right? What's interesting is what's around engineering. So if you're what's around engineering. So if you're what's around engineering. So if you're into science and you solve problems, but into science and you solve problems, but into science and you solve problems, but it's not quick and dirty. If you take it's not quick and dirty. If you take it's not quick and dirty. If you take years and years and years, you win a years and years and years, you win a years and years and years, you win a Nobel Prize. Nobel Prize. Nobel Prize. You solve one problem in 17 years, you You solve one problem in 17 years, you You solve one problem in 17 years, you win a Nobel Prize. You solve one problem win a Nobel Prize. You solve one problem win a Nobel Prize. You solve one problem in 17, you get fired in one week as an in 17, you get fired in one week as an in 17, you get fired in one week as an engineer. [laughter] engineer. [laughter] engineer. [laughter] Over here, if you're into science and Over here, if you're into science and Over here, if you're into science and it's quick and dirty, but you don't it's quick and dirty, but you don't it's quick and dirty, but you don't solve problems, uh, you're a drug solve problems, uh, you're a drug solve problems, uh, you're a drug dealer. [laughter] you're actually creating problems. you're actually creating problems. you're actually creating problems. And if you solve problems and it's quick And if you solve problems and it's quick And if you solve problems and it's quick and dirty, but you're not into science, and dirty, but you're not into science, and dirty, but you're not into science, uh, you're a hitman. [laughter] So, that's our sweet spot, right? The So, that's our sweet spot, right? The So, that's our sweet spot, right? The engineers are between Nobel Prize engineers are between Nobel Prize engineers are between Nobel Prize winners, drug dealers, and hitman. winners, drug dealers, and hitman. winners, drug dealers, and hitman. That's what So, how do you know you're AN ENGINEER? So, how do you know you're AN ENGINEER? So, how do you know you're AN ENGINEER? COUPLE SIGNS you're an engineer. You COUPLE SIGNS you're an engineer. You COUPLE SIGNS you're an engineer. You know you're an engineer if at the end of know you're an engineer if at the end of know you're an engineer if at the end of every weekend, three things that were every weekend, three things that were every weekend, three things that were broken are now fixed, but six things broken are now fixed, but six things broken are now fixed, but six things that were working are now broken. We can't help ourselves. We can't. We can't help ourselves. We can't. We can't help ourselves. We can't. Couple weeks ago, I had a fan wobbling Couple weeks ago, I had a fan wobbling Couple weeks ago, I had a fan wobbling in my house. It It no longer wobbles, in my house. It It no longer wobbles, in my house. It It no longer wobbles, but it doesn't work anymore either. but it doesn't work anymore either. but it doesn't work anymore either. But it doesn't wobble. So, I think I But it doesn't wobble. So, I think I But it doesn't wobble. So, I think I actually fixed the problem. actually fixed the problem. actually fixed the problem. You know you're engineer if you know You know you're engineer if you know You know you're engineer if you know you're an engineer. If you don't know you're an engineer. If you don't know you're an engineer. If you don't know your son's age, you don't know your your son's age, you don't know your your son's age, you don't know your son's age, but you know he was born son's age, but you know he was born son's age, but you know he was born three versions of Windows ago. This is a very nerdy crowd. I enjoy this This is a very nerdy crowd. I enjoy this This is a very nerdy crowd. I enjoy this crowd. [laughter] crowd. [laughter] crowd. [laughter] Not every crowd laughs at that joke. Not every crowd laughs at that joke. Not every crowd laughs at that joke. It's like my son is an XP child. Anybody It's like my son is an XP child. Anybody It's like my son is an XP child. Anybody else have an XP kid? We were very happy else have an XP kid? We were very happy else have an XP kid? We were very happy he was not a Vista child. Really? You he was not a Vista child. Really? You he was not a Vista child. Really? You You don't want a Vista kid. They're very You don't want a Vista kid. They're very You don't want a Vista kid. They're very unstable. unstable. unstable. Uh you know YOU'RE AN ENGINEER IF YOU Uh you know YOU'RE AN ENGINEER IF YOU Uh you know YOU'RE AN ENGINEER IF YOU KNOW YOU'RE AN ENGINEER IF YOU SAW KNOW YOU'RE AN ENGINEER IF YOU SAW KNOW YOU'RE AN ENGINEER IF YOU SAW BARBIE AND OPPENHEIMER on the same day. BARBIE AND OPPENHEIMER on the same day. BARBIE AND OPPENHEIMER on the same day. Anybody else? I did. I did. It was a bad Anybody else? I did. I did. It was a bad Anybody else? I did. I did. It was a bad idea. No, it's not a good idea. It's idea. No, it's not a good idea. It's idea. No, it's not a good idea. It's like watching like, you know, like watching like, you know, like watching like, you know, Schindler's List and Dumb and Dumber. Schindler's List and Dumb and Dumber. Schindler's List and Dumb and Dumber. No, not a good idea. You can hear the No, not a good idea. You can hear the No, not a good idea. You can hear the gears in your brain stripping as you're gears in your brain stripping as you're gears in your brain stripping as you're But if you're an engineer, IF YOU But if you're an engineer, IF YOU But if you're an engineer, IF YOU WATCHED THEM BOTH IN the same day, and WATCHED THEM BOTH IN the same day, and WATCHED THEM BOTH IN the same day, and this was true with me, you still found this was true with me, you still found this was true with me, you still found more flaws in Oppenheimer than in more flaws in Oppenheimer than in more flaws in Oppenheimer than in Barbie. Barbie. Barbie. I'm like, this physics is not correct. I'm like, this physics is not correct. I'm like, this physics is not correct. Barbie, I totally bought. You know, you're an engineer. If you You know, you're an engineer. If you You know, you're an engineer. If you know you're an engineer, if uh you think know you're an engineer, if uh you think know you're an engineer, if uh you think dating, you think dating is like buying dating, you think dating is like buying dating, you think dating is like buying a computer. It is. You look for a computer. It is. You look for a computer. It is. You look for performance, reliability, compatibility, performance, reliability, compatibility, performance, reliability, compatibility, and most of all uh no viruses. and most of all uh no viruses. and most of all uh no viruses. It's just like dating. Am I wrong? Am I It's just like dating. Am I wrong? Am I It's just like dating. Am I wrong? Am I wrong? I don't think I'm wrong. Uh you wrong? I don't think I'm wrong. Uh you wrong? I don't think I'm wrong. Uh you know, YOU'RE AN ENGINEER IF PEOPLE PE know, YOU'RE AN ENGINEER IF PEOPLE PE know, YOU'RE AN ENGINEER IF PEOPLE PE PEOPLE THINK you are so boring. They PEOPLE THINK you are so boring. They PEOPLE THINK you are so boring. They think we're boring. People think you're think we're boring. People think you're think we're boring. People think you're so boring. You once had a near life so boring. You once had a near life so boring. You once had a near life experience. experience. experience. People People People think we're boring. I HATE THAT. SO, I think we're boring. I HATE THAT. SO, I think we're boring. I HATE THAT. SO, I CAME UP WITH A set of emojis just for CAME UP WITH A set of emojis just for CAME UP WITH A set of emojis just for engineers. Just for engineers, a set of engineers. Just for engineers, a set of engineers. Just for engineers, a set of emojis. Just so you know, you're emojis. Just so you know, you're emojis. Just so you know, you're engineers. That one right there, that engineers. That one right there, that engineers. That one right there, that one, that is a that's a happy engineer. one, that is a that's a happy engineer. one, that is a that's a happy engineer. You have to carefully that is a sad. You have to carefully that is a sad. You have to carefully that is a sad. All right. That's mad, laughing, love, All right. That's mad, laughing, love, All right. That's mad, laughing, love, confused. You're starting to look a lot confused. You're starting to look a lot confused. You're starting to look a lot alike. Disgust, surprise, joy. And see alike. Disgust, surprise, joy. And see alike. Disgust, surprise, joy. And see that one right there? See that one? That that one right there? See that one? That that one right there? See that one? That one? That one is uh the project is one? That one is uh the project is one? That one is uh the project is finished. >> [applause] >> [applause] >> [applause] >> That is the best day right there. That's >> That is the best day right there. That's >> That is the best day right there. That's the happiest you'll ever see an the happiest you'll ever see an the happiest you'll ever see an engineer. engineer. engineer. You know you're engineer because you You know you're engineer because you You know you're engineer because you can't stop doing math. This is why I got can't stop doing math. This is why I got can't stop doing math. This is why I got into engineering. I love math. I love into engineering. I love math. I love into engineering. I love math. I love math. So when I got into comedy, I want math. So when I got into comedy, I want math. So when I got into comedy, I want to make math fun. So we get kids into to make math fun. So we get kids into to make math fun. So we get kids into science, technology, engineering, math. science, technology, engineering, math. science, technology, engineering, math. You make math fun. And I came up with I You make math fun. And I came up with I You make math fun. And I came up with I call it comedy math. We used to use call it comedy math. We used to use call it comedy math. We used to use pictures and images. Make math fun. And pictures and images. Make math fun. And pictures and images. Make math fun. And when you do math, it proves something when you do math, it proves something when you do math, it proves something because when they break it down, you see because when they break it down, you see because when they break it down, you see the truth. So, for example, eBay, eBay the truth. So, for example, eBay, eBay the truth. So, for example, eBay, eBay minus the internet and you got a garage minus the internet and you got a garage minus the internet and you got a garage sale, sale, sale, right? It's the same junk. It's just on right? It's the same junk. It's just on right? It's the same junk. It's just on the internet. [laughter] the internet. [laughter] the internet. [laughter] On the other hand, on the other hand, On the other hand, on the other hand, On the other hand, on the other hand, Twitter miners the internet and you have Twitter miners the internet and you have Twitter miners the internet and you have junior high school. That's what it is. junior high school. That's what it is. junior high school. That's what it is. It's that's what it is. It's that's what it is. It's that's what it is. Twitter is I'll prove it to you. Watch. Twitter is I'll prove it to you. Watch. Twitter is I'll prove it to you. Watch. Remember the the the cafeteria in junior Remember the the the cafeteria in junior Remember the the the cafeteria in junior high school? Oh, I got an A in math. high school? Oh, I got an A in math. high school? Oh, I got an A in math. You're ugly. No one likes you. It's You're ugly. No one likes you. It's You're ugly. No one likes you. It's Twitter. Mathematically proven. You can't argue Mathematically proven. You can't argue Mathematically proven. You can't argue with it. Uh, AP, where does store names with it. Uh, AP, where does store names with it. Uh, AP, where does store names come from? Watch this. AP, the American come from? Watch this. AP, the American come from? Watch this. AP, the American Association of Retired Persons, plus the Association of Retired Persons, plus the Association of Retired Persons, plus the Department of Defense, and you've got Department of Defense, and you've got Department of Defense, and you've got Old Davy. All right, this is the stupid part of my All right, this is the stupid part of my All right, this is the stupid part of my act, just so you know. Don't overthink act, just so you know. Don't overthink act, just so you know. Don't overthink these people. Some of my smarter crowd these people. Some of my smarter crowd these people. Some of my smarter crowd members are going, "Is there more to members are going, "Is there more to members are going, "Is there more to that? That's just dumb." that? That's just dumb." that? That's just dumb." Uh, sir, the mattress people plus coler Uh, sir, the mattress people plus coler Uh, sir, the mattress people plus coler the faucet people plus religion and you the faucet people plus religion and you the faucet people plus religion and you get Bed Bath and Beyond. Bed Bath and Beyond. [laughter] Uh, Wikipedia. Wikipedia minus depends. Uh, Wikipedia. Wikipedia minus depends. Uh, Wikipedia. Wikipedia minus depends. And you've got Wikileaks. Of course, And you've got Wikileaks. Of course, And you've got Wikileaks. Of course, it's Wikileaks. That's the funniest Wikileaks will ever That's the funniest Wikileaks will ever That's the funniest Wikileaks will ever be. Doesn't get funnier than that. I'm be. Doesn't get funnier than that. I'm be. Doesn't get funnier than that. I'm sorry. Uh YouTube, this already sorry. Uh YouTube, this already sorry. Uh YouTube, this already happened. YouTube plus attention deficit happened. YouTube plus attention deficit happened. YouTube plus attention deficit disorder and you've got Tik Tok. That's disorder and you've got Tik Tok. That's disorder and you've got Tik Tok. That's what Tik Tok is. what Tik Tok is. what Tik Tok is. Totally what Tik Tok is. Terrible. Totally what Tik Tok is. Terrible. Totally what Tik Tok is. Terrible. Terrible. Terrible. Uh this one's just Terrible. Terrible. Uh this one's just Terrible. Terrible. Uh this one's just amazing. Watch this. Miley Cyrus. Miley amazing. Watch this. Miley Cyrus. Miley amazing. Watch this. Miley Cyrus. Miley Cyrus minus makeup. If we remove all Cyrus minus makeup. If we remove all Cyrus minus makeup. If we remove all your makeup, you've got Justin Bieber. your makeup, you've got Justin Bieber. your makeup, you've got Justin Bieber. Look at that. Is that not amazing? Is that not amazing? Is that not amazing? I think they're the same person. I I think they're the same person. I I think they're the same person. I really do. Think of one person, two really do. Think of one person, two really do. Think of one person, two careers. It's genius. [laughter] careers. It's genius. [laughter] careers. It's genius. [laughter] Uh Tesla. Tesla. Warning. Bad joke. Uh Tesla. Tesla. Warning. Bad joke. Uh Tesla. Tesla. Warning. Bad joke. Ahead. Warning. Warning. Tesla. Tesla Ahead. Warning. Warning. Tesla. Tesla Ahead. Warning. Warning. Tesla. Tesla plus men's cologne. Where's he going plus men's cologne. Where's he going plus men's cologne. Where's he going with this one? And you get uh Elon Musk. It's really bad. I apologize. [laughter] It's really bad. I apologize. [laughter] It's really bad. I apologize. [laughter] But next time you see Elon Musk, you'll But next time you see Elon Musk, you'll But next time you see Elon Musk, you'll laugh. They'll think I think I can smell laugh. They'll think I think I can smell laugh. They'll think I think I can smell him. He's got the [laughter] uh Mark Zuckerberg. I'm picking all the uh Mark Zuckerberg. I'm picking all the uh Mark Zuckerberg. I'm picking all the rich guys now. Mark Zuckerberg. Mark rich guys now. Mark Zuckerberg. Mark rich guys now. Mark Zuckerberg. Mark Zuckerberg. Minus brains. If you pulled Zuckerberg. Minus brains. If you pulled Zuckerberg. Minus brains. If you pulled out his brains, you'd get the scarecrow out his brains, you'd get the scarecrow out his brains, you'd get the scarecrow from the Wizard of Oz. from the Wizard of Oz. from the Wizard of Oz. I can prove it. Watch. You got to put I can prove it. Watch. You got to put I can prove it. Watch. You got to put the hat then. the hat then. the hat then. Perfect. I rest my case. I rest my case. I rest my case. And this will be the last one. Jeff And this will be the last one. Jeff And this will be the last one. Jeff Bezos, Mr. Amazon. Jeff Bezos. Jeff Bezos, Mr. Amazon. Jeff Bezos. Jeff Bezos, Mr. Amazon. Jeff Bezos. Jeff Bezos plus space travel. He's doing that Bezos plus space travel. He's doing that Bezos plus space travel. He's doing that now. And you have Dr. Evil. He's Dr. now. And you have Dr. Evil. He's Dr. now. And you have Dr. Evil. He's Dr. Evil. Evil. Evil. LOOK, LOOK. WATCH. JUST LOOK. [laughter] OKAY. This This will be the nerdiest bit OKAY. This This will be the nerdiest bit OKAY. This This will be the nerdiest bit I do tonight. So, hang in there. I I do tonight. So, hang in there. I I do tonight. So, hang in there. I figured if you prove something figured if you prove something figured if you prove something mathematically, it proves it. No, beyond mathematically, it proves it. No, beyond mathematically, it proves it. No, beyond a shadow of a doubt. Mathematically a shadow of a doubt. Mathematically a shadow of a doubt. Mathematically proven. Can't argue. I wanted to prove proven. Can't argue. I wanted to prove proven. Can't argue. I wanted to prove why I don't like Facebook. So, I broke why I don't like Facebook. So, I broke why I don't like Facebook. So, I broke it down. What is Facebook when you break it down. What is Facebook when you break it down. What is Facebook when you break it down? It's friends plus updates plus it down? It's friends plus updates plus it down? It's friends plus updates plus ads. That's all it is. Friends, updates, ads. That's all it is. Friends, updates, ads. That's all it is. Friends, updates, ads. Now, as you update more and more ads. Now, as you update more and more ads. Now, as you update more and more about stuff none of us cares about. about stuff none of us cares about. about stuff none of us cares about. Going for a walk. It's a beautiful day. Going for a walk. It's a beautiful day. Going for a walk. It's a beautiful day. Too much foam in my latte. Ruined my Too much foam in my latte. Ruined my Too much foam in my latte. Ruined my day. Sad face. day. Sad face. day. Sad face. [laughter] Right. You're annoying as [laughter] Right. You're annoying as [laughter] Right. You're annoying as though the minutia of your life. You though the minutia of your life. You though the minutia of your life. You are. So, what's happening? your friends are. So, what's happening? your friends are. So, what's happening? your friends are dropping off because they don't are dropping off because they don't are dropping off because they don't they're annoying them which means your they're annoying them which means your they're annoying them which means your updates are meaningless which means updates are meaningless which means updates are meaningless which means eventually Facebook is ads right it's eventually Facebook is ads right it's eventually Facebook is ads right it's just ads after a while it's just ads and just ads after a while it's just ads and just ads after a while it's just ads and what's an ad when you buy an ad it's pay what's an ad when you buy an ad it's pay what's an ad when you buy an ad it's pay a certain amount of money runs for a a certain amount of money runs for a a certain amount of money runs for a certain length of time therefore certain length of time therefore certain length of time therefore Facebook by the substitution property is Facebook by the substitution property is Facebook by the substitution property is times money right we all know in the times money right we all know in the times money right we all know in the business world time is money therefore business world time is money therefore business world time is money therefore Facebook is money times money or in fact Facebook is money times money or in fact Facebook is money times money or in fact money squared money squared money squared hang in there your eyes are starting to hang in there your eyes are starting to hang in there your eyes are starting to glaze glaze glaze You're like, I did not know I needed an You're like, I did not know I needed an You're like, I did not know I needed an advanced degree to come to a dry bar, advanced degree to come to a dry bar, advanced degree to come to a dry bar, baby. baby. baby. Two more steps. Two more. Two more. We Two more steps. Two more. Two more. We Two more steps. Two more. Two more. We all know money is the root of all evil. all know money is the root of all evil. all know money is the root of all evil. Therefore, money squared is evil. Therefore, money squared is evil. Therefore, money squared is evil. Therefore, Facebook is evil. I read my Therefore, Facebook is evil. I read my Therefore, Facebook is evil. I read my Thank you. A Facebook proof. Thank you. Thank you. A Facebook proof. Thank you. Thank you. A Facebook proof. Thank you. Thank you. You know what I love about that? You're You know what I love about that? You're You know what I love about that? You're applauding a mathematical proof. How applauding a mathematical proof. How applauding a mathematical proof. How cool is that? That doesn't happen at cool is that? That doesn't happen at cool is that? That doesn't happen at math conventions. Okay. Nice job, math conventions. Okay. Nice job, math conventions. Okay. Nice job, isosles. We've learned what you've done. isosles. We've learned what you've done. isosles. We've learned what you've done. We love it. We love it. We love it. Uh, you know, you're an engineer. Let's Uh, you know, you're an engineer. Let's Uh, you know, you're an engineer. Let's go back to this. You know, you're an go back to this. You know, you're an go back to this. You know, you're an ENGINEER IF, UH, FONT CHOICE MATTERS. ENGINEER IF, UH, FONT CHOICE MATTERS. ENGINEER IF, UH, FONT CHOICE MATTERS. >> YES. Somebody also, I'm I'm like a >> YES. Somebody also, I'm I'm like a >> YES. Somebody also, I'm I'm like a church service. Yes. Font choice church service. Yes. Font choice church service. Yes. Font choice matters. Font choice. And I'll prove to matters. Font choice. And I'll prove to matters. Font choice. And I'll prove to you why FONT CHOICE THE FONT YOU choose you why FONT CHOICE THE FONT YOU choose you why FONT CHOICE THE FONT YOU choose makes a difference to the message you're makes a difference to the message you're makes a difference to the message you're sending. I'll prove to you why. THIS IS sending. I'll prove to you why. THIS IS sending. I'll prove to you why. THIS IS THE Declaration of Independence. I THE Declaration of Independence. I THE Declaration of Independence. I actually saw it in Philadelphia. I did a actually saw it in Philadelphia. I did a actually saw it in Philadelphia. I did a show at the Independence Center. Amazing show at the Independence Center. Amazing show at the Independence Center. Amazing document right there. Look what happens document right there. Look what happens document right there. Look what happens if you just change the font to curls. if you just change the font to curls. if you just change the font to curls. Not nearly as good. Not nearly as good. Not nearly as good. We would not have our country if they We would not have our country if they We would not have our country if they typed it in curls. typed it in curls. typed it in curls. They would not take that seriously. They would not take that seriously. They would not take that seriously. Font choice matters. Font choice matters. Font choice matters. And I got on this kick because my sister And I got on this kick because my sister And I got on this kick because my sister found a poem that I wrote wrote my wife found a poem that I wrote wrote my wife found a poem that I wrote wrote my wife when we were dating. I always writeed when we were dating. I always writeed when we were dating. I always writeed these silly little poems, but I'd end it these silly little poems, but I'd end it these silly little poems, but I'd end it with a heartfelt note, but I wouldn't with a heartfelt note, but I wouldn't with a heartfelt note, but I wouldn't change the font. And my sister is like, change the font. And my sister is like, change the font. And my sister is like, "You couldn't change the font right at "You couldn't change the font right at "You couldn't change the font right at the end." Like I wrote right at the end the end." Like I wrote right at the end the end." Like I wrote right at the end in to home my f you will always be mine in to home my f you will always be mine in to home my f you will always be mine and I left it in that font. She goes, and I left it in that font. She goes, and I left it in that font. She goes, "Just change the font." You know, be a "Just change the font." You know, be a "Just change the font." You know, be a little romantic. Just if you change it little romantic. Just if you change it little romantic. Just if you change it to the miss you fought. Look, same to the miss you fought. Look, same to the miss you fought. Look, same words. You will always be mine. words. You will always be mine. words. You will always be mine. Hear that? That the ladies actually went Hear that? That the ladies actually went Hear that? That the ladies actually went a same words. The only thing I changed a same words. The only thing I changed a same words. The only thing I changed was the font. Now you change it was the font. Now you change it was the font. Now you change it something strange font. You would always something strange font. You would always something strange font. You would always be mine. [cheering] That's not what I meant at all. Same words, different font choice Same words, different font choice Same words, different font choice matters. matters. matters. >> [laughter] >> You always have to be accurate. I made >> You always have to be accurate. I made >> You always have to be accurate. I made this one especially for you and you'll this one especially for you and you'll this one especially for you and you'll see why in a second. Always people see why in a second. Always people see why in a second. Always people always ask engineers questions and and I always ask engineers questions and and I always ask engineers questions and and I want to be accurate when I ask them want to be accurate when I ask them want to be accurate when I ask them answer them. One of the questions I get answer them. One of the questions I get answer them. One of the questions I get all the time is where you from? Where all the time is where you from? Where all the time is where you from? Where you from? Where you from? Where do you you from? Where you from? Where do you you from? Where you from? Where do you meet? Where'd I grow up? Where do I live meet? Where'd I grow up? Where do I live meet? Where'd I grow up? Where do I live now? Where am I from? Well, technically now? Where am I from? Well, technically now? Where am I from? Well, technically I'm from here. Now I'm from here. I'm from here. Now I'm from here. I'm from here. Now I'm from here. [laughter] So what how do I answer this? [laughter] So what how do I answer this? [laughter] So what how do I answer this? Answer this correctly every time. So I Answer this correctly every time. So I Answer this correctly every time. So I figured it out. I had time. I had like figured it out. I had time. I had like figured it out. I had time. I had like two weeks to kill. So I figured this two weeks to kill. So I figured this two weeks to kill. So I figured this out. I grew up the first 25 years of my out. I grew up the first 25 years of my out. I grew up the first 25 years of my life. I grew up in Cherry Hill, New life. I grew up in Cherry Hill, New life. I grew up in Cherry Hill, New Jersey, just across from Philadelphia, Jersey, just across from Philadelphia, Jersey, just across from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. That's where I lived for Pennsylvania. That's where I lived for Pennsylvania. That's where I lived for 25 years. And it was cool. I liked being 25 years. And it was cool. I liked being 25 years. And it was cool. I liked being in that area. But then I moved to in that area. But then I moved to in that area. But then I moved to Silicon Valley. I worked in Silicon Silicon Valley. I worked in Silicon Silicon Valley. I worked in Silicon Valley. I worked there for 12 years in Valley. I worked there for 12 years in Valley. I worked there for 12 years in San Jose, California. So after 37 years San Jose, California. So after 37 years San Jose, California. So after 37 years of my life, mathematically, I was from of my life, mathematically, I was from of my life, mathematically, I was from somewhere in Indiana. [laughter] I am so glad I didn't have to explain I am so glad I didn't have to explain I am so glad I didn't have to explain that joke to you guys. [laughter] that joke to you guys. [laughter] that joke to you guys. [laughter] Some crowds don't understand, you know, Some crowds don't understand, you know, Some crowds don't understand, you know, time topographical analysis. time topographical analysis. time topographical analysis. Now, I was in San Jose for a while. Then Now, I was in San Jose for a while. Then Now, I was in San Jose for a while. Then I moved to Southern California. I've I moved to Southern California. I've I moved to Southern California. I've been in Southern California over here. been in Southern California over here. been in Southern California over here. I've been there 25 YEARS. SO, AS OF I've been there 25 YEARS. SO, AS OF I've been there 25 YEARS. SO, AS OF TODAY, I FIGURED out if you figure it TODAY, I FIGURED out if you figure it TODAY, I FIGURED out if you figure it out. I'm going to zoom in. I'm from out. I'm going to zoom in. I'm from out. I'm going to zoom in. I'm from Utah. Right there. Look at this. I AM Utah. Right there. Look at this. I AM Utah. Right there. Look at this. I AM ACTUALLY FROM PROVO. [cheering] ACTUALLY FROM PROVO. [cheering] ACTUALLY FROM PROVO. [cheering] TODAY, [applause] today is the anniversary. I'm in Provo. today is the anniversary. I'm in Provo. today is the anniversary. I'm in Provo. And next week, I'll be in Eagle Springs. And next week, I'll be in Eagle Springs. And next week, I'll be in Eagle Springs. I believe [laughter] I believe [laughter] I believe [laughter] I'm moving west. We love charts. We love charts. Do we We love charts. We love charts. Do we We love charts. We love charts. Do we not? Engineers love charts. We love not? Engineers love charts. We love not? Engineers love charts. We love charts. I love I collect charts. ONE OF charts. I love I collect charts. ONE OF charts. I love I collect charts. ONE OF MY I FOUND THIS CHART. NOW, at first I MY I FOUND THIS CHART. NOW, at first I MY I FOUND THIS CHART. NOW, at first I thought this was depressing, but then I thought this was depressing, but then I thought this was depressing, but then I found the humor in it. Okay, so this is found the humor in it. Okay, so this is found the humor in it. Okay, so this is average global ocean temperature over average global ocean temperature over average global ocean temperature over the last eight years. It's been going up the last eight years. It's been going up the last eight years. It's been going up exponentially. Kind of depressing. THEN exponentially. Kind of depressing. THEN exponentially. Kind of depressing. THEN I FOUND THIS. SAME PERIOD OF TIME, TIK I FOUND THIS. SAME PERIOD OF TIME, TIK I FOUND THIS. SAME PERIOD OF TIME, TIK TOK USERS by year. Same period of time. TOK USERS by year. Same period of time. TOK USERS by year. Same period of time. Proof, I believe, that Tik Tok is Proof, I believe, that Tik Tok is Proof, I believe, that Tik Tok is causing global warming. causing global warming. causing global warming. I figured out how to stop it, ladies and I figured out how to stop it, ladies and I figured out how to stop it, ladies and gentlemen. gentlemen. gentlemen. I found the humor. I found the humor. I found the humor. Uh, this was a great chart in USA Today. Uh, this was a great chart in USA Today. Uh, this was a great chart in USA Today. They came, they they asked people, "How They came, they they asked people, "How They came, they they asked people, "How do you how do you use yourself? What do do you how do you use yourself? What do do you how do you use yourself? What do you spend your most time on this cell you spend your most time on this cell you spend your most time on this cell phone?" And people answered, "You can phone?" And people answered, "You can phone?" And people answered, "You can answer multiple things, but the number answer multiple things, but the number answer multiple things, but the number one answer, 26% of the time, texting is one answer, 26% of the time, texting is one answer, 26% of the time, texting is the number one use of the phone. Number the number one use of the phone. Number the number one use of the phone. Number one use of the phone. Number two, one use of the phone. Number two, one use of the phone. Number two, posting social media. Uh, number three, posting social media. Uh, number three, posting social media. Uh, number three, taking pictures. Number four, watching taking pictures. Number four, watching taking pictures. Number four, watching videos. And number five was making videos. And number five was making videos. And number five was making calls." The phone is now fifth in the calls." The phone is now fifth in the calls." The phone is now fifth in the use of a phone. use of a phone. use of a phone. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> It's not a phone anymore. It's a texting >> It's not a phone anymore. It's a texting >> It's not a phone anymore. It's a texting machine we happen to make calls on. And machine we happen to make calls on. And machine we happen to make calls on. And we don't want to make calls cuz number we don't want to make calls cuz number we don't want to make calls cuz number six is blocking spam calls. six is blocking spam calls. six is blocking spam calls. We don't want a phone. We don't. But We don't want a phone. We don't. But We don't want a phone. We don't. But it's my job as a comic to bring truth to it's my job as a comic to bring truth to it's my job as a comic to bring truth to this chart. So I think this is people this chart. So I think this is people this chart. So I think this is people aren't honest to survey takers. So I I aren't honest to survey takers. So I I aren't honest to survey takers. So I I reabelled. I think 3% of the time on reabelled. I think 3% of the time on reabelled. I think 3% of the time on your phone is actually spent uh your phone is actually spent uh your phone is actually spent uh searching for a plug to recharge your searching for a plug to recharge your searching for a plug to recharge your phone. phone. phone. I'm always worried about that. 5% of the I'm always worried about that. 5% of the I'm always worried about that. 5% of the time is trying to remember passwords. time is trying to remember passwords. time is trying to remember passwords. I can never I'm constantly asking my I can never I'm constantly asking my I can never I'm constantly asking my wife, "Honey, honey, what was the cat's wife, "Honey, honey, what was the cat's wife, "Honey, honey, what was the cat's name?" [laughter] name?" [laughter] name?" [laughter] No, the password cat, what was his name? No, the password cat, what was his name? No, the password cat, what was his name? Yeah, we have five cats. Only one is the Yeah, we have five cats. Only one is the Yeah, we have five cats. Only one is the password cat. That's That's our level. password cat. That's That's our level. password cat. That's That's our level. We have five levels of encryption. You We have five levels of encryption. You We have five levels of encryption. You have to know which is the password. have to know which is the password. have to know which is the password. That's a really nerdy joke right there. That's a really nerdy joke right there. That's a really nerdy joke right there. And by the way, don't use your cat as And by the way, don't use your cat as And by the way, don't use your cat as your password. Don't. Don't. Somebody your password. Don't. Don't. Somebody your password. Don't. Don't. Somebody hacked our system. We had to rename our hacked our system. We had to rename our hacked our system. We had to rename our cat. cat. cat. Our cat's name is now CK Capital 97 back Our cat's name is now CK Capital 97 back Our cat's name is now CK Capital 97 back slash Anderson [laughter] slash Anderson [laughter] slash Anderson [laughter] 7. I think it's seven this week. 7% of the time with your phone is spent 7% of the time with your phone is spent 7% of the time with your phone is spent uh searching for your phone if you're my uh searching for your phone if you're my uh searching for your phone if you're my age. 11% of the time calling your wife's age. 11% of the time calling your wife's age. 11% of the time calling your wife's phone to help her find her phone. And phone to help her find her phone. And phone to help her find her phone. And 19% of the time checking to make sure I 19% of the time checking to make sure I 19% of the time checking to make sure I didn't lose my phone again. didn't lose my phone again. didn't lose my phone again. And the number one use OF THE PHONE, I And the number one use OF THE PHONE, I And the number one use OF THE PHONE, I BELIEVE, is correcting autocorrect. BELIEVE, is correcting autocorrect. BELIEVE, is correcting autocorrect. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. >> Yes. Oh, horrible. [applause] >> Yes. Oh, horrible. [applause] >> Yes. Oh, horrible. [applause] Autocorrect is horrible. It is. It's Autocorrect is horrible. It is. It's Autocorrect is horrible. It is. It's terrible. It changes things. It terrible. It changes things. It terrible. It changes things. It shouldn't. It changes things. Perfect shouldn't. It changes things. Perfect shouldn't. It changes things. Perfect example. Okay. My wife sent this to me example. Okay. My wife sent this to me example. Okay. My wife sent this to me on my birthday. Happy birthday to you. on my birthday. Happy birthday to you. on my birthday. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, dead husband. [laughter] dead husband. [laughter] dead husband. [laughter] Happy birthday, de Happy birthday, de Happy birthday, de is Isra trying to kill ME OFF. WHAT IS is Isra trying to kill ME OFF. WHAT IS is Isra trying to kill ME OFF. WHAT IS happening here? Did it change it to that happening here? Did it change it to that happening here? Did it change it to that or just not corrected? Is my wife or just not corrected? Is my wife or just not corrected? Is my wife wishing me dead? [laughter] wishing me dead? [laughter] wishing me dead? [laughter] And my wife's very funny. I texted her And my wife's very funny. I texted her And my wife's very funny. I texted her back. I said, "I assume you meant dear." back. I said, "I assume you meant dear." back. I said, "I assume you meant dear." And she said, "Did I did I? And she said, "Did I did I? And she said, "Did I did I? Are you sure?" Are you sure?" Are you sure?" And at work, I'm working with this guy, And at work, I'm working with this guy, And at work, I'm working with this guy, Charlie. Okay. I'm I'm I'm into Charlie. Okay. I'm I'm I'm into Charlie. Okay. I'm I'm I'm into football, so I use a lot of football football, so I use a lot of football football, so I use a lot of football terms. I said, "Charlie, I can't talk terms. I said, "Charlie, I can't talk terms. I said, "Charlie, I can't talk right now. Let's huddle up later." And right now. Let's huddle up later." And right now. Let's huddle up later." And autocorrect changed that to let's cuddle autocorrect changed that to let's cuddle autocorrect changed that to let's cuddle up later. [laughter] up later. [laughter] up later. [laughter] Now, I like Charlie, but I don't want to Now, I like Charlie, but I don't want to Now, I like Charlie, but I don't want to spoon him. I'm sorry. [laughter] spoon him. I'm sorry. [laughter] spoon him. I'm sorry. [laughter] And he texted me back, "I'm reporting And he texted me back, "I'm reporting And he texted me back, "I'm reporting you to AR." you to AR." you to AR." Thank you, autocorrect. Thank you, autocorrect. Thank you, autocorrect. But that's when I realized that But that's when I realized that But that's when I realized that autocorrect can save me. One time you autocorrect can save me. One time you autocorrect can save me. One time you can get away with this. One time, can get away with this. One time, can get away with this. One time, married guys, you can get away with married guys, you can get away with married guys, you can get away with this. Okay. Every year we rotate whose this. Okay. Every year we rotate whose this. Okay. Every year we rotate whose family we spend Christmas with, right? family we spend Christmas with, right? family we spend Christmas with, right? One year we'll do my family, the next My One year we'll do my family, the next My One year we'll do my family, the next My wife couldn't remember which one we were wife couldn't remember which one we were wife couldn't remember which one we were doing this year, so she texted me, "Hi, doing this year, so she texted me, "Hi, doing this year, so she texted me, "Hi, honey. I want to buy airline tickets for honey. I want to buy airline tickets for honey. I want to buy airline tickets for Christmas. Are we going to my family's Christmas. Are we going to my family's Christmas. Are we going to my family's this year? And me being the good husband this year? And me being the good husband this year? And me being the good husband I am replied, sure, I love your family. I am replied, sure, I love your family. I am replied, sure, I love your family. But apparently autocorrect changed that But apparently autocorrect changed that But apparently autocorrect changed that to I would rather cut my thumbs off. to I would rather cut my thumbs off. to I would rather cut my thumbs off. And I explained to my wife that was And I explained to my wife that was And I explained to my wife that was autocorrect. I cannot believe it said autocorrect. I cannot believe it said autocorrect. I cannot believe it said that. [laughter] that. [laughter] that. [laughter] And I saved my marriage. All right, back to this. Remember this? All right, back to this. Remember this? All right, back to this. Remember this? This is how I started. YOU KNOW, YOU'RE This is how I started. YOU KNOW, YOU'RE This is how I started. YOU KNOW, YOU'RE AN ENGINEER. IF UH YOU ANALYZE AN ENGINEER. IF UH YOU ANALYZE AN ENGINEER. IF UH YOU ANALYZE EVERYTHING, YOU ANALYZE everything with EVERYTHING, YOU ANALYZE everything with EVERYTHING, YOU ANALYZE everything with your engineer. This I I I I am line your engineer. This I I I I am line your engineer. This I I I I am line cursed and I figured out if if you see cursed and I figured out if if you see cursed and I figured out if if you see me in a store, don't get in line with it me in a store, don't get in line with it me in a store, don't get in line with it will be the slowest line that was there. will be the slowest line that was there. will be the slowest line that was there. And I know it cuz I watch I analyze And I know it cuz I watch I analyze And I know it cuz I watch I analyze everything. When I get in line, I pick a everything. When I get in line, I pick a everything. When I get in line, I pick a guy who's equally far back from me, guy who's equally far back from me, guy who's equally far back from me, right? And I watch how I do. And every right? And I watch how I do. And every right? And I watch how I do. And every time as the lines go, I lose. I'm in the time as the lines go, I lose. I'm in the time as the lines go, I lose. I'm in the slow line. Doesn't matter. IT'S SAME slow line. Doesn't matter. IT'S SAME slow line. Doesn't matter. IT'S SAME DAY. SAME CASHIER'S DIFFERENT DAY. If DAY. SAME CASHIER'S DIFFERENT DAY. If DAY. SAME CASHIER'S DIFFERENT DAY. If I'm in that line, that's the slow line. I'm in that line, that's the slow line. I'm in that line, that's the slow line. I lose. And this is how bad it got. This I lose. And this is how bad it got. This I lose. And this is how bad it got. This really happened to me. I'm in line one really happened to me. I'm in line one really happened to me. I'm in line one day and I see that guy and he again, day and I see that guy and he again, day and I see that guy and he again, he's kicking me. He's He's just kicking he's kicking me. He's He's just kicking he's kicking me. He's He's just kicking my butt, right? He's moving way faster my butt, right? He's moving way faster my butt, right? He's moving way faster than me. And at some point, you know than me. And at some point, you know than me. And at some point, you know you've been here, you decide, okay, I'm you've been here, you decide, okay, I'm you've been here, you decide, okay, I'm making the leap. And what happens the making the leap. And what happens the making the leap. And what happens the minute you do that? minute you do that? minute you do that? >> Yeah. The line you're in, all of a >> Yeah. The line you're in, all of a >> Yeah. The line you're in, all of a sudden, this line starts flying, right? sudden, this line starts flying, right? sudden, this line starts flying, right? They're waving people through. IT'S FREE They're waving people through. IT'S FREE They're waving people through. IT'S FREE FOR ALL YOU PEOPLE TODAY. COME ON. FOR ALL YOU PEOPLE TODAY. COME ON. FOR ALL YOU PEOPLE TODAY. COME ON. THIS LINE IS JUST FLYING AND AND you're THIS LINE IS JUST FLYING AND AND you're THIS LINE IS JUST FLYING AND AND you're afraid. I'm afraid to move back cuz I afraid. I'm afraid to move back cuz I afraid. I'm afraid to move back cuz I know I'm cursed. So, I'm going, "Nope, I know I'm cursed. So, I'm going, "Nope, I know I'm cursed. So, I'm going, "Nope, I made my choice. I'm staying here." So, I made my choice. I'm staying here." So, I made my choice. I'm staying here." So, I stay in that line and I'm getting closer stay in that line and I'm getting closer stay in that line and I'm getting closer and closer and closer. And I finally get and closer and closer. And I finally get and closer and closer. And I finally get there and this lady takes out like 5,000 there and this lady takes out like 5,000 there and this lady takes out like 5,000 coupons coupons coupons and I just stop. I screech to a halt. and I just stop. I screech to a halt. and I just stop. I screech to a halt. And then what happens? THIS GUY, SAME And then what happens? THIS GUY, SAME And then what happens? THIS GUY, SAME GUY FROM BEFORE, HE COMES BACK IN. He's GUY FROM BEFORE, HE COMES BACK IN. He's GUY FROM BEFORE, HE COMES BACK IN. He's now kicking my butt for the second time. now kicking my butt for the second time. now kicking my butt for the second time. HE FORGOT SOMETHING. HE'S NOW GOING TO HE FORGOT SOMETHING. HE'S NOW GOING TO HE FORGOT SOMETHING. HE'S NOW GOING TO PASS ME AGAIN. But I I I made my choice. PASS ME AGAIN. But I I I made my choice. PASS ME AGAIN. But I I I made my choice. I'm staying that line. So, I stay in I'm staying that line. So, I stay in I'm staying that line. So, I stay in that line. I stay IN THAT LINE. FINALLY, that line. I stay IN THAT LINE. FINALLY, that line. I stay IN THAT LINE. FINALLY, I'M NOT MOVING. COMPLETELY OPEN. I JUMP I'M NOT MOVING. COMPLETELY OPEN. I JUMP I'M NOT MOVING. COMPLETELY OPEN. I JUMP OVER THERE. They close the lane and I OVER THERE. They close the lane and I OVER THERE. They close the lane and I lose again. And a bunch of people run lose again. And a bunch of people run lose again. And a bunch of people run in. [laughter] These charts made me three and a half These charts made me three and a half These charts made me three and a half weeks it took me to make these charts. This drives me crazy. Okay, analyze This drives me crazy. Okay, analyze This drives me crazy. Okay, analyze this. Every time I go to plug in a USB this. Every time I go to plug in a USB this. Every time I go to plug in a USB device, it's upside down. Every time device, it's upside down. Every time device, it's upside down. Every time it's upside down. IT CAN ONLY GO IN TWO it's upside down. IT CAN ONLY GO IN TWO it's upside down. IT CAN ONLY GO IN TWO DIFFERENT WAYS. 50% OF THE TIME, BUT NO, DIFFERENT WAYS. 50% OF THE TIME, BUT NO, DIFFERENT WAYS. 50% OF THE TIME, BUT NO, IT'S never right. And sometimes I stop IT'S never right. And sometimes I stop IT'S never right. And sometimes I stop myself. I'm like, "Wait, it's going to myself. I'm like, "Wait, it's going to myself. I'm like, "Wait, it's going to be upside down. Turn it." Still upside be upside down. Turn it." Still upside be upside down. Turn it." Still upside down. [laughter] So I I did it a thousand times. It is So I I did it a thousand times. It is So I I did it a thousand times. It is upside down 78.2% of the time. It's upside down 78.2% of the time. It's upside down 78.2% of the time. It's correct 3.6 and it's upside down either correct 3.6 and it's upside down either correct 3.6 and it's upside down either way. 18.2% of the time. There's a gyroscope in there. You turn, There's a gyroscope in there. You turn, There's a gyroscope in there. You turn, it turns. Some things just don't make sense as an Some things just don't make sense as an Some things just don't make sense as an engineer because I analyze everything. engineer because I analyze everything. engineer because I analyze everything. When I first got married, nothing made When I first got married, nothing made When I first got married, nothing made sense. I wandered AROUND THE HOUSE. sense. I wandered AROUND THE HOUSE. sense. I wandered AROUND THE HOUSE. NEVER LIVED WITH A WOMAN UNTIL I GOT NEVER LIVED WITH A WOMAN UNTIL I GOT NEVER LIVED WITH A WOMAN UNTIL I GOT MARRIED. I LIKE, WHY? WHY DO WE HAVE MARRIED. I LIKE, WHY? WHY DO WE HAVE MARRIED. I LIKE, WHY? WHY DO WE HAVE LITTLE BITTY PILLOWS IN OUR BED? We had LITTLE BITTY PILLOWS IN OUR BED? We had LITTLE BITTY PILLOWS IN OUR BED? We had like 30 little bit. By the way, they're like 30 little bit. By the way, they're like 30 little bit. By the way, they're horrible pillows. NEVER TRIED TO SLEEP. horrible pillows. NEVER TRIED TO SLEEP. horrible pillows. NEVER TRIED TO SLEEP. They will put an indent in your face if They will put an indent in your face if They will put an indent in your face if you try to sleep on them. you try to sleep on them. you try to sleep on them. And we don't sleep on them. You know And we don't sleep on them. You know And we don't sleep on them. You know what we do every night? WE TAKE THEM OFF what we do every night? WE TAKE THEM OFF what we do every night? WE TAKE THEM OFF AND put them back ON IN THE MORNING. AND put them back ON IN THE MORNING. AND put them back ON IN THE MORNING. WHY? WHY ARE SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN WHY? WHY ARE SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN WHY? WHY ARE SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN Dwarfs sleeping on the bed during the Dwarfs sleeping on the bed during the Dwarfs sleeping on the bed during the day? IT MAKES NO SENSE. WHY? WHY IS day? IT MAKES NO SENSE. WHY? WHY IS day? IT MAKES NO SENSE. WHY? WHY IS THERE A CURTAIN AROUND THE BOTTOM OF her THERE A CURTAIN AROUND THE BOTTOM OF her THERE A CURTAIN AROUND THE BOTTOM OF her bed all of a sudden? Is there a play bed all of a sudden? Is there a play bed all of a sudden? Is there a play GOING ON RIGHT THERE? [laughter] GOING ON RIGHT THERE? [laughter] GOING ON RIGHT THERE? [laughter] ARE THE DWARVES DOING death of a ARE THE DWARVES DOING death of a ARE THE DWARVES DOING death of a salesman WHEN I'M NOT THERE? WHAT'S salesman WHEN I'M NOT THERE? WHAT'S salesman WHEN I'M NOT THERE? WHAT'S HAPPENING? [laughter] HAPPENING? [laughter] HAPPENING? [laughter] How how many hair products does one How how many hair products does one How how many hair products does one human need? MY WIFE HAD LIKE SHAMPOO, human need? MY WIFE HAD LIKE SHAMPOO, human need? MY WIFE HAD LIKE SHAMPOO, PRE-SHAMPOO, OPERATION to conditioner, PRE-SHAMPOO, OPERATION to conditioner, PRE-SHAMPOO, OPERATION to conditioner, deconditioner, tangler, revitalizer, deconditioner, tangler, revitalizer, deconditioner, tangler, revitalizer, devitalizer, unvitalizer. I, on the devitalizer, unvitalizer. I, on the devitalizer, unvitalizer. I, on the other hand, had one bottle. It was that other hand, had one bottle. It was that other hand, had one bottle. It was that tall. tall. tall. I got it at Costco in 1993. I got it at Costco in 1993. I got it at Costco in 1993. Comes in a 53gallon jug. It's amazing. Comes in a 53gallon jug. It's amazing. Comes in a 53gallon jug. It's amazing. And it's not even shampoo. It's hair And it's not even shampoo. It's hair And it's not even shampoo. It's hair cleaner. They can't call it shampoo. cleaner. They can't call it shampoo. cleaner. They can't call it shampoo. But I love it. I have and I better cuz I But I love it. I have and I better cuz I But I love it. I have and I better cuz I have eight more. It came in a nine pack. have eight more. It came in a nine pack. have eight more. It came in a nine pack. That's true. Finally. One thing I've analyzed is we Finally. One thing I've analyzed is we Finally. One thing I've analyzed is we The one thing we all have in common is The one thing we all have in common is The one thing we all have in common is we all want to be happy, right? We all we all want to be happy, right? We all we all want to be happy, right? We all want to be happy. The one thing we have want to be happy. The one thing we have want to be happy. The one thing we have in common, we all want to be happy. And in common, we all want to be happy. And in common, we all want to be happy. And several years ago, when my son was very several years ago, when my son was very several years ago, when my son was very little, I decided this is how my brain little, I decided this is how my brain little, I decided this is how my brain works that I figured out if I could come works that I figured out if I could come works that I figured out if I could come up with a flowchart. If I was unhappy, I up with a flowchart. If I was unhappy, I up with a flowchart. If I was unhappy, I could follow the flowchart and become could follow the flowchart and become could follow the flowchart and become happy. I really did this. This is how my happy. I really did this. This is how my happy. I really did this. This is how my mind works. So, as I looked at it, it mind works. So, as I looked at it, it mind works. So, as I looked at it, it was really hard. I had so much going on was really hard. I had so much going on was really hard. I had so much going on in my life. And here's how engineers in my life. And here's how engineers in my life. And here's how engineers brains work. I said, I'll start with a brains work. I said, I'll start with a brains work. I said, I'll start with a simple model and then build from there. simple model and then build from there. simple model and then build from there. So, I looked at my son who was only one So, I looked at my son who was only one So, I looked at my son who was only one month old at the time and I said, let's month old at the time and I said, let's month old at the time and I said, let's do his happiness flowchart. Okay, here's do his happiness flowchart. Okay, here's do his happiness flowchart. Okay, here's happiness flowchart at one month. Three happiness flowchart at one month. Three happiness flowchart at one month. Three things you need. You got food? Yes. You things you need. You got food? Yes. You things you need. You got food? Yes. You slept? Yes. You pooped? Yes. You're slept? Yes. You pooped? Yes. You're slept? Yes. You pooped? Yes. You're happy. That's it. That's the key to happy. That's it. That's the key to happy. That's it. That's the key to happiness when you're one month old, happiness when you're one month old, happiness when you're one month old, right, parents? Yes. Yeah. Now, here you right, parents? Yes. Yeah. Now, here you right, parents? Yes. Yeah. Now, here you are at 50. There's a lot more stuff are at 50. There's a lot more stuff are at 50. There's a lot more stuff going on. [laughter] going on. [laughter] going on. [laughter] I got to go fast. I'm almost out of I got to go fast. I'm almost out of I got to go fast. I'm almost out of time. Okay. First of all, you need time. Okay. First of all, you need time. Okay. First of all, you need money, which means, of course, you need money, which means, of course, you need money, which means, of course, you need to have a job. And if you have a job, to have a job. And if you have a job, to have a job. And if you have a job, you know you got to have vacation cuz you know you got to have vacation cuz you know you got to have vacation cuz you don't like your job. Everybody knows you don't like your job. Everybody knows you don't like your job. Everybody knows that. And then you worry about your that. And then you worry about your that. And then you worry about your health as you get older. And then health as you get older. And then health as you get older. And then there's all these acronyms, the BMI, there's all these acronyms, the BMI, there's all these acronyms, the BMI, your EKG, your LDL, your HDL. And that your EKG, your LDL, your HDL. And that your EKG, your LDL, your HDL. And that made me think, well, I like sports. Then made me think, well, I like sports. Then made me think, well, I like sports. Then then I like the NHL and the NBA and the then I like the NHL and the NBA and the then I like the NHL and the NBA and the NFL, which I watch on NBC where I was on NFL, which I watch on NBC where I was on NFL, which I watch on NBC where I was on AGT and streaming on Peacock. They're AGT and streaming on Peacock. They're AGT and streaming on Peacock. They're paying me to say that. paying me to say that. paying me to say that. Just want you to know that I put that in Just want you to know that I put that in Just want you to know that I put that in just for the money. Thank you. I can't just for the money. Thank you. I can't just for the money. Thank you. I can't help it. [applause] help it. [applause] help it. [applause] And when I'm watching that on MY TV, BUT And when I'm watching that on MY TV, BUT And when I'm watching that on MY TV, BUT NO, YOU CAN'T JUST have any TV. No, you NO, YOU CAN'T JUST have any TV. No, you NO, YOU CAN'T JUST have any TV. No, you have to have a smart TV. In fact, all have to have a smart TV. In fact, all have to have a smart TV. In fact, all your appliances have to be smart, right? your appliances have to be smart, right? your appliances have to be smart, right? You have to have a smart thermostat and You have to have a smart thermostat and You have to have a smart thermostat and a smart refrigerator. And it's a smart a smart refrigerator. And it's a smart a smart refrigerator. And it's a smart everything. It's not going to be good. everything. It's not going to be good. everything. It's not going to be good. It's every appliances are going to be It's every appliances are going to be It's every appliances are going to be talking. You're going to walk up to your talking. You're going to walk up to your talking. You're going to walk up to your refrigerator one day. It's going, "Hey refrigerator one day. It's going, "Hey refrigerator one day. It's going, "Hey buddy, I've been talking to the scale. buddy, I've been talking to the scale. buddy, I've been talking to the scale. You are not getting in here, bucko. You are packing on the pounds there, You are packing on the pounds there, You are packing on the pounds there, mister. mister. mister. Back on. We've alerted the treadmill. Back on. We've alerted the treadmill. Back on. We've alerted the treadmill. You do 10 more minutes. Come back and You do 10 more minutes. Come back and You do 10 more minutes. Come back and maybe we'll talk. [laughter] maybe we'll talk. [laughter] maybe we'll talk. [laughter] All right. AND NOT IT'S NOT JUST All right. AND NOT IT'S NOT JUST All right. AND NOT IT'S NOT JUST APPLIANCES. EVERYTHING. THERE'S SMART APPLIANCES. EVERYTHING. THERE'S SMART APPLIANCES. EVERYTHING. THERE'S SMART SHOES NOW. There's shoes that have a SHOES NOW. There's shoes that have a SHOES NOW. There's shoes that have a chip in them. THIS IS REAL. THEY'RE chip in them. THIS IS REAL. THEY'RE chip in them. THIS IS REAL. THEY'RE SMART PANTS. THEY'RE SMART UNDERWEAR. I SMART PANTS. THEY'RE SMART UNDERWEAR. I SMART PANTS. THEY'RE SMART UNDERWEAR. I KID YOU NOT. SMART UNDERWEAR. WHAT IS KID YOU NOT. SMART UNDERWEAR. WHAT IS KID YOU NOT. SMART UNDERWEAR. WHAT IS YOUR UNDERWEAR GOING to tell you? Oh, YOUR UNDERWEAR GOING to tell you? Oh, YOUR UNDERWEAR GOING to tell you? Oh, it's two days change alert. No. it's two days change alert. No. it's two days change alert. No. Level two leakage. FULL WEDGIE DETECTED. Level two leakage. FULL WEDGIE DETECTED. Level two leakage. FULL WEDGIE DETECTED. NO. NO. NO. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> I DON'T WANT SMART UNDERWEAR. AND THEN I >> I DON'T WANT SMART UNDERWEAR. AND THEN I >> I DON'T WANT SMART UNDERWEAR. AND THEN I REALIZED, WELL, THAT DOESN'T MATTER. IF REALIZED, WELL, THAT DOESN'T MATTER. IF REALIZED, WELL, THAT DOESN'T MATTER. IF MY FAMILY'S not happy, nobody's happy. I MY FAMILY'S not happy, nobody's happy. I MY FAMILY'S not happy, nobody's happy. I don't know why it took me this long, but don't know why it took me this long, but don't know why it took me this long, but it took me this long to figure it out. it took me this long to figure it out. it took me this long to figure it out. So, I started WITH MY DOG. MY DOG IS A So, I started WITH MY DOG. MY DOG IS A So, I started WITH MY DOG. MY DOG IS A member of the family. So, I have a dog. member of the family. So, I have a dog. member of the family. So, I have a dog. I actually made a dog flowchart. Okay. I actually made a dog flowchart. Okay. I actually made a dog flowchart. Okay. My dog wants to walk every day. He likes My dog wants to walk every day. He likes My dog wants to walk every day. He likes to scratch his stomach. He goes crazy. to scratch his stomach. He goes crazy. to scratch his stomach. He goes crazy. And he likes to roll and poop. I don't And he likes to roll and poop. I don't And he likes to roll and poop. I don't know why, but he likes that. Joey. Then know why, but he likes that. Joey. Then know why, but he likes that. Joey. Then there's my son. I have a teenage son. there's my son. I have a teenage son. there's my son. I have a teenage son. And what makes a teenage son happy? And what makes a teenage son happy? And what makes a teenage son happy? Nothing. NOTHING MAKES A TEENAGER HAPPY. Nothing. NOTHING MAKES A TEENAGER HAPPY. Nothing. NOTHING MAKES A TEENAGER HAPPY. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOT. Don't even try. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOT. Don't even try. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOT. Don't even try. Don't even bother. But you know what Don't even bother. But you know what Don't even bother. But you know what makes him unhappy? Take their phone makes him unhappy? Take their phone makes him unhappy? Take their phone away. That makes him very unhappy. away. That makes him very unhappy. away. That makes him very unhappy. So if he's not happy, nobody. But then So if he's not happy, nobody. But then So if he's not happy, nobody. But then there's my wife. AND MY WIFE'S NOT there's my wife. AND MY WIFE'S NOT there's my wife. AND MY WIFE'S NOT HAPPY. NOBODY'S HAPPY. SO THERE THERE'S HAPPY. NOBODY'S HAPPY. SO THERE THERE'S HAPPY. NOBODY'S HAPPY. SO THERE THERE'S MY WIFE right there. [cheering] I have not even put a dent in this one I have not even put a dent in this one I have not even put a dent in this one yet. yet. yet. Which brings me back to me. Am I happy? Which brings me back to me. Am I happy? Which brings me back to me. Am I happy? Am I I have no idea. But I do know this. Am I I have no idea. But I do know this. Am I I have no idea. But I do know this. I do know this. When you get to 90, you I do know this. When you get to 90, you I do know this. When you get to 90, you are right back here again. And with are right back here again. And with are right back here again. And with that, I want to say thank you all for that, I want to say thank you all for that, I want to say thank you all for laughing.