>> Oh, hey. >> Oh, hey. >> Oh, hey. Hello. Hi. Welcome. I'm Fiddling Johnny. Hello. Hi. Welcome. I'm Fiddling Johnny. Hello. Hi. Welcome. I'm Fiddling Johnny. It's my fiddle channel and magic product It's my fiddle channel and magic product It's my fiddle channel and magic product review. Now, today I'm going to do a review. Now, today I'm going to do a review. Now, today I'm going to do a review of a magic product called review of a magic product called review of a magic product called Holistic. Holistic. Holistic. It is produced by Penguin Magic and put It is produced by Penguin Magic and put It is produced by Penguin Magic and put out by Michael John. Anyway, I have a out by Michael John. Anyway, I have a out by Michael John. Anyway, I have a lot to say about this release. lot to say about this release. lot to say about this release. I'll show you a demo of it as well. So, I'll show you a demo of it as well. So, I'll show you a demo of it as well. So, stick around. stick around. stick around. And we'll get right into it. All right, here's my quick intro for the All right, here's my quick intro for the All right, here's my quick intro for the demo. Uh I used three different style or demo. Uh I used three different style or demo. Uh I used three different style or size um size um size um uh uh uh things to to penetrate the bill. things to to penetrate the bill. things to to penetrate the bill. You'll see they're relatively large, I You'll see they're relatively large, I You'll see they're relatively large, I think, compared to what the trailer is. think, compared to what the trailer is. think, compared to what the trailer is. I do think something smaller like the I do think something smaller like the I do think something smaller like the uh toothpick uh works best. Um although uh toothpick uh works best. Um although uh toothpick uh works best. Um although he uses a skewer in his, the skewer I he uses a skewer in his, the skewer I he uses a skewer in his, the skewer I use is a little bit big. use is a little bit big. use is a little bit big. Uh and um I think it works a little bit Uh and um I think it works a little bit Uh and um I think it works a little bit better when you use it on the green better when you use it on the green better when you use it on the green circle rather than on the black circle circle rather than on the black circle circle rather than on the black circle on the bills that I used. So, anyway, on the bills that I used. So, anyway, on the bills that I used. So, anyway, take a look. You'll see what it's like. take a look. You'll see what it's like. take a look. You'll see what it's like. Following that, we'll get right into the Following that, we'll get right into the Following that, we'll get right into the review. All right, let's do a quick All right, let's do a quick All right, let's do a quick demo of Holistic. Well, it's a demo of Holistic. Well, it's a demo of Holistic. Well, it's a uh uh uh Was that Andrew Jackson on there? Was that Andrew Jackson on there? Was that Andrew Jackson on there? I think so. Let's go ahead and I think so. Let's go ahead and I think so. Let's go ahead and we will focus on here. I've got a giant we will focus on here. I've got a giant we will focus on here. I've got a giant skewer. Skewer is what is recommended. skewer. Skewer is what is recommended. skewer. Skewer is what is recommended. I pick the this right here in the I pick the this right here in the I pick the this right here in the middle. middle. middle. Hopefully, you can see this. I think Hopefully, you can see this. I think Hopefully, you can see this. I think it's lit well up. it's lit well up. it's lit well up. And we're going to puncture it And we're going to puncture it And we're going to puncture it right through. right through. right through. You can see that actually You can see that actually You can see that actually has gone through. has gone through. has gone through. It's no small hole. It's no small hole. It's no small hole. We'll remove the skewer. We'll remove the skewer. We'll remove the skewer. You can actually see how how dimple it You can actually see how how dimple it You can actually see how how dimple it is there. is there. is there. And And And you can actually see through it, right? you can actually see through it, right? you can actually see through it, right? All right, but let's just do this. All right, but let's just do this. All right, but let's just do this. Let's rub a little Let's rub a little Let's rub a little rub. We can begin to heal to heal to heal the actual bill. And there you go. there you go. there you go. It is It is It is totally restored. totally restored. totally restored. Well, almost totally restored here. And there you go. And there you go. And there you go. It is restored. It is restored. It is restored. You can see that's a pretty big stick. You can see that's a pretty big stick. You can see that's a pretty big stick. I'll call this one I'll call this one I'll call this one a fail for me. a fail for me. a fail for me. >> [clears throat] >> [clears throat] >> [clears throat] >> I don't know if you can see it or not, >> I don't know if you can see it or not, >> I don't know if you can see it or not, but to me there's still just a little but to me there's still just a little but to me there's still just a little bit of a hole that is showing. bit of a hole that is showing. bit of a hole that is showing. It feels good to the It feels good to the It feels good to the touch test, touch test, touch test, but it feels like to me the skewer I but it feels like to me the skewer I but it feels like to me the skewer I used was probably a little bit big. And used was probably a little bit big. And used was probably a little bit big. And may or may not work. You can decide for may or may not work. You can decide for may or may not work. You can decide for yourself yourself yourself based upon how it looks to you. based upon how it looks to you. based upon how it looks to you. All right. All right. All right. Let's do another one. Let's do another one. Let's do another one. Let's do it with something a little bit Let's do it with something a little bit Let's do it with something a little bit different. Let's do it with a different bill. All right. All right. All right. It's a different bill. It's a different bill. It's a different bill. And this time I'm going to use a And this time I'm going to use a And this time I'm going to use a chopstick. Same sort of thing chopstick. Same sort of thing chopstick. Same sort of thing right here. I actually find the I actually find the I actually find the piercing part piercing part piercing part the most difficult. the most difficult. the most difficult. That's good. You can actually see the That's good. You can actually see the That's good. You can actually see the hole hole hole through through through through the bill. through the bill. through the bill. But, let's go ahead. But, let's go ahead. But, let's go ahead. That's a pretty giant hole right there. That's a pretty giant hole right there. That's a pretty giant hole right there. Let's go ahead Let's go ahead Let's go ahead and restore that. And it's simple as that. And it's simple as that. And it's simple as that. You can see we've restored we've restored we've restored that hole. that hole. that hole. I'd say that one was a little bit I'd say that one was a little bit I'd say that one was a little bit better. better. better. And yeah, I think that one's fine. And yeah, I think that one's fine. And yeah, I think that one's fine. I would use that. I'd feel comfortable I would use that. I'd feel comfortable I would use that. I'd feel comfortable handing that to my handing that to my handing that to my uh uh uh participant. They can touch and feel participant. They can touch and feel participant. They can touch and feel and see that the hole is fine. I would and see that the hole is fine. I would and see that the hole is fine. I would go next with what I think is the go next with what I think is the go next with what I think is the easiest, easiest, easiest, and that is a toothpick. Um and that is a toothpick. Um and that is a toothpick. Um So, hold on. Let's grab the toothpick. All right, there we go. We have our All right, there we go. We have our All right, there we go. We have our Jackson Jackson Jackson and we have our toothpick. and we have our toothpick. and we have our toothpick. Let me do a little bit different. Let's Let me do a little bit different. Let's Let me do a little bit different. Let's do it down this side of the bill. It do it down this side of the bill. It do it down this side of the bill. It doesn't really matter. You can do it on doesn't really matter. You can do it on doesn't really matter. You can do it on any part of the bill. any part of the bill. any part of the bill. And let's And let's And let's puncture it. You can actually hear it puncture. You can actually hear it puncture. You can actually hear it puncture. You can see it go through. You can see it go through. You can see it go through. We can actually push this all the way We can actually push this all the way We can actually push this all the way through if we wanted to. through if we wanted to. through if we wanted to. It is actually puncturing It is actually puncturing It is actually puncturing that bill. You can see the light behind that bill. You can see the light behind that bill. You can see the light behind it. it. it. And And And let's just do a very quick let's just do a very quick let's just do a very quick restore on that. All right, and there we go. You can show All right, and there we go. You can show All right, and there we go. You can show both sides. both sides. both sides. And I think that one looks pretty good. Well, I take that back. I think it looks Well, I take that back. I think it looks Well, I take that back. I think it looks average. But, I think it would it would pass. But, I think it would it would pass. But, I think it would it would pass. All right, there are your demos. All right, there are your demos. All right, there are your demos. Three different sizes. Three different sizes. Three different sizes. Hope that helps a little bit. All right, welcome everyone All right, welcome everyone All right, welcome everyone back to the channel. So glad you're back to the channel. So glad you're back to the channel. So glad you're here. I think if I've done this here. I think if I've done this here. I think if I've done this correctly, you should have just seen a correctly, you should have just seen a correctly, you should have just seen a demo of it so that you have a sense of demo of it so that you have a sense of demo of it so that you have a sense of what it looks like. I'm I'll apologize what it looks like. I'm I'll apologize what it looks like. I'm I'll apologize in advance for my voice. I've had a in advance for my voice. I've had a in advance for my voice. I've had a cold. cold. cold. I'm still getting over it. I'm thinking I'm still getting over it. I'm thinking I'm still getting over it. I'm thinking about putting some bloopers at the end about putting some bloopers at the end about putting some bloopers at the end of this because I tried to record this of this because I tried to record this of this because I tried to record this maybe about a week ago when I didn't maybe about a week ago when I didn't maybe about a week ago when I didn't have any voice and quickly realized I have any voice and quickly realized I have any voice and quickly realized I couldn't post anything. All right, let's couldn't post anything. All right, let's couldn't post anything. All right, let's talk about holistic. talk about holistic. talk about holistic. Holistic is a download Holistic is a download Holistic is a download from Penguin Magic. from Penguin Magic. from Penguin Magic. And it's released by Michael John. And And it's released by Michael John. And And it's released by Michael John. And let me just say, Michael John might be let me just say, Michael John might be let me just say, Michael John might be the most handsome man in magic. Now, I the most handsome man in magic. Now, I the most handsome man in magic. Now, I don't normally critique looks for what don't normally critique looks for what don't normally critique looks for what they look like, but they look like, but they look like, but damn, he and I both have this challenge damn, he and I both have this challenge damn, he and I both have this challenge in magic like we're great looking in magic like we're great looking in magic like we're great looking handsome people. And sometimes people handsome people. And sometimes people handsome people. And sometimes people just can't see the magic to the beauty just can't see the magic to the beauty just can't see the magic to the beauty that we that we that we put out there. But, anyway, one of the put out there. But, anyway, one of the put out there. But, anyway, one of the things that struck out stuck out to me things that struck out stuck out to me things that struck out stuck out to me is that is that is that sometimes uh sometimes uh sometimes uh magicians might seem a little nerdy. He magicians might seem a little nerdy. He magicians might seem a little nerdy. He does not put off any nerdy vibe. But, does not put off any nerdy vibe. But, does not put off any nerdy vibe. But, that's not what we're here for. What that's not what we're here for. What that's not what we're here for. What we're here for is this a good we're here for is this a good we're here for is this a good release or not a good release? Is it a release or not a good release? Is it a release or not a good release? Is it a good effect or not a good good effect or not a good good effect or not a good good effect? good effect? good effect? Uh already you know what the effect is. Uh already you know what the effect is. Uh already you know what the effect is. It's essentially a bill penetration It's essentially a bill penetration It's essentially a bill penetration where you take an object, penetrate it where you take an object, penetrate it where you take an object, penetrate it through a bill. It is taught in the through a bill. It is taught in the through a bill. It is taught in the tutorial and encouraged to use a skewer. tutorial and encouraged to use a skewer. tutorial and encouraged to use a skewer. The type of skewer you might use when The type of skewer you might use when The type of skewer you might use when you're barbecuing or maybe when you go you're barbecuing or maybe when you go you're barbecuing or maybe when you go to a restaurant and they're skewering to a restaurant and they're skewering to a restaurant and they're skewering the chicken on it. That's what he uses. the chicken on it. That's what he uses. the chicken on it. That's what he uses. Um when I've mostly been performing it Um when I've mostly been performing it Um when I've mostly been performing it and I have, and I have, and I have, I just use little toothpicks. Um easier I just use little toothpicks. Um easier I just use little toothpicks. Um easier for me to carry for me to carry for me to carry and I know that I get um and I know that I get um and I know that I get um I feel safer and more comfortable with I feel safer and more comfortable with I feel safer and more comfortable with those. So, uh but basically it's a those. So, uh but basically it's a those. So, uh but basically it's a penetration effect with a restoration of penetration effect with a restoration of penetration effect with a restoration of the bill. And these are the three bills the bill. And these are the three bills the bill. And these are the three bills that you would have seen in the that you would have seen in the that you would have seen in the demonstration um demonstration um demonstration um with them all with them all with them all um um um restored. All right, that's what the restored. All right, that's what the restored. All right, that's what the effect is. What do you get? All right, effect is. What do you get? All right, effect is. What do you get? All right, you're going to get a streaming video. you're going to get a streaming video. you're going to get a streaming video. The streaming video is 26 minutes and 48 The streaming video is 26 minutes and 48 The streaming video is 26 minutes and 48 seconds in length. Seems pretty adequate seconds in length. Seems pretty adequate seconds in length. Seems pretty adequate to me uh for what this is. Uh the skewer to me uh for what this is. Uh the skewer to me uh for what this is. Uh the skewer and paper money are not included. I kept and paper money are not included. I kept and paper money are not included. I kept looking for that in the download, but looking for that in the download, but looking for that in the download, but clearly there's no paper money that that clearly there's no paper money that that clearly there's no paper money that that is included in the download. I know, is included in the download. I know, is included in the download. I know, sorry to disappoint you, but sorry to disappoint you, but sorry to disappoint you, but maybe that should be obvious. Uh it's maybe that should be obvious. Uh it's maybe that should be obvious. Uh it's basically it's just a download. We basically it's just a download. We basically it's just a download. We should talk about how else the tutorial should talk about how else the tutorial should talk about how else the tutorial is because that's maybe is because that's maybe is because that's maybe the second most important thing in this the second most important thing in this the second most important thing in this uh uh uh uh relative to method and what it looks uh relative to method and what it looks uh relative to method and what it looks like. So, like. So, like. So, uh uh uh it's taught by Michael John himself. Uh it's taught by Michael John himself. Uh it's taught by Michael John himself. Uh he does a nice multi-cam. It's pretty he does a nice multi-cam. It's pretty he does a nice multi-cam. It's pretty straightforward. You're going to learn straightforward. You're going to learn straightforward. You're going to learn the basic routine and then there are the basic routine and then there are the basic routine and then there are additional three other routines and they additional three other routines and they additional three other routines and they are a moving hole uh routine that is are a moving hole uh routine that is are a moving hole uh routine that is inspired by Daniel Garcia's fraud inspired by Daniel Garcia's fraud inspired by Daniel Garcia's fraud routine. In my opinion, that is the best routine. In my opinion, that is the best routine. In my opinion, that is the best one on this release. Um I haven't been one on this release. Um I haven't been one on this release. Um I haven't been actually out performing that one, but I actually out performing that one, but I actually out performing that one, but I do like it uh where you do a do like it uh where you do a do like it uh where you do a penetration, penetration, penetration, uh uh uh make the hole, uh and then have the hole make the hole, uh and then have the hole make the hole, uh and then have the hole move essentially. So, it healed and then move essentially. So, it healed and then move essentially. So, it healed and then moved. moved. moved. Uh that is uh essentially what that one Uh that is uh essentially what that one Uh that is uh essentially what that one is. The second one is a um is. The second one is a um is. The second one is a um let's see. let's see. let's see. A whole trans transposition. A whole trans transposition. A whole trans transposition. >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> And um Sorry, that's the three. It's the Sorry, that's the three. It's the Sorry, that's the three. It's the original routine, which is space original routine, which is space original routine, which is space penetration and restored, a whole penetration and restored, a whole penetration and restored, a whole uh uh uh a moving hole routine, and then the a moving hole routine, and then the a moving hole routine, and then the whole transposition whole transposition whole transposition uh routine. Um that's it. That's the uh routine. Um that's it. That's the uh routine. Um that's it. That's the sort of uh what you're getting sort of uh what you're getting sort of uh what you're getting routine-wise. I think at the end of the routine-wise. I think at the end of the routine-wise. I think at the end of the day, the tutorial's a fine tutorial. day, the tutorial's a fine tutorial. day, the tutorial's a fine tutorial. Looks great, you get the method. Looks great, you get the method. Looks great, you get the method. You don't need lots of nuance there. Um You don't need lots of nuance there. Um You don't need lots of nuance there. Um some of the subtleties that folks might some of the subtleties that folks might some of the subtleties that folks might be interested in, US money. be interested in, US money. be interested in, US money. Um best if it's not super old Um best if it's not super old Um best if it's not super old uh and not super brand new, but uh and not super brand new, but uh and not super brand new, but somewhere in the middle is most ideal. somewhere in the middle is most ideal. somewhere in the middle is most ideal. Let's talk about how is the gimmick? Let's talk about how is the gimmick? Let's talk about how is the gimmick? There is no gimmick. Nada. Um which I There is no gimmick. Nada. Um which I There is no gimmick. Nada. Um which I think is one of the things about this think is one of the things about this think is one of the things about this release, if you're interested, that if release, if you're interested, that if release, if you're interested, that if you want to be completely organic with a you want to be completely organic with a you want to be completely organic with a borrowed bill or your own bill, uh borrowed bill or your own bill, uh borrowed bill or your own bill, uh without having to attach anything extra, without having to attach anything extra, without having to attach anything extra, having to do uh your prep work in having to do uh your prep work in having to do uh your prep work in advance, that sort of stuff. Nope, all advance, that sort of stuff. Nope, all advance, that sort of stuff. Nope, all you need to do is have a uh paper bill you need to do is have a uh paper bill you need to do is have a uh paper bill as well as something to puncture it as well as something to puncture it as well as something to puncture it with, ideally a skewer. with, ideally a skewer. with, ideally a skewer. Um Um Um This cannot be done with uh polymer This cannot be done with uh polymer This cannot be done with uh polymer bills. bills. bills. Um I Although it's not set explicitly, Um I Although it's not set explicitly, Um I Although it's not set explicitly, it is would be my understanding, and I it is would be my understanding, and I it is would be my understanding, and I should have gone back to double-check on should have gone back to double-check on should have gone back to double-check on the um the um the um uh on the ad copy, but I believe it can uh on the ad copy, but I believe it can uh on the ad copy, but I believe it can only be done with US paper currency or only be done with US paper currency or only be done with US paper currency or paper currency similar to the US paper currency similar to the US paper currency similar to the US currency. Can't be done with this currency. Can't be done with this currency. Can't be done with this polymer beer bills and plastic bills. Um polymer beer bills and plastic bills. Um polymer beer bills and plastic bills. Um I don't have those. I haven't tried it, I don't have those. I haven't tried it, I don't have those. I haven't tried it, but based upon the tutorial, I can't but based upon the tutorial, I can't but based upon the tutorial, I can't imagine that those would work there. imagine that those would work there. imagine that those would work there. I would uh I would uh I would uh add about presentation. add about presentation. add about presentation. Um if you purchase this uh you would Um if you purchase this uh you would Um if you purchase this uh you would learn this in the tutorial, so I'm learn this in the tutorial, so I'm learn this in the tutorial, so I'm giving a slight bit away here. Is that giving a slight bit away here. Is that giving a slight bit away here. Is that and I said it earlier is that he really and I said it earlier is that he really and I said it earlier is that he really does prefer the skewer does prefer the skewer does prefer the skewer as opposed to a toothpick even though as opposed to a toothpick even though as opposed to a toothpick even though like I think the skewer in his was like I think the skewer in his was like I think the skewer in his was slightly thicker than my toothpick and slightly thicker than my toothpick and slightly thicker than my toothpick and round skewer mine's a squared-off skewer round skewer mine's a squared-off skewer round skewer mine's a squared-off skewer because the size of the skewer tends to because the size of the skewer tends to because the size of the skewer tends to have a psychologically greater impact have a psychologically greater impact have a psychologically greater impact than using maybe a toothpick that might than using maybe a toothpick that might than using maybe a toothpick that might be just as thick, but the size and be just as thick, but the size and be just as thick, but the size and length of the skewer seems to have a length of the skewer seems to have a length of the skewer seems to have a greater psychological effect. greater psychological effect. greater psychological effect. I don't carry skewers with me locally, I don't carry skewers with me locally, I don't carry skewers with me locally, so I think uh so I think uh so I think uh normally I do think people might have normally I do think people might have normally I do think people might have toothpicks or if they're toothpicks or if they're toothpicks or if they're um out with their friends at a bar or um out with their friends at a bar or um out with their friends at a bar or restaurant, toothpicks will probably be restaurant, toothpicks will probably be restaurant, toothpicks will probably be a little bit easier to access. a little bit easier to access. a little bit easier to access. So, what's the skill level? This is 100% So, what's the skill level? This is 100% So, what's the skill level? This is 100% beginner. There's no slides involved. beginner. There's no slides involved. beginner. There's no slides involved. There's no moves involved. There's no moves involved. There's no moves involved. Uh there's just a method. So, it all Uh there's just a method. So, it all Uh there's just a method. So, it all comes down to your performance. So, you comes down to your performance. So, you comes down to your performance. So, you could be uh could be uh could be uh uh performing this uh performing this uh performing this seconds after you watch the tutorial. Uh seconds after you watch the tutorial. Uh seconds after you watch the tutorial. Uh so, let's talk about like what are the so, let's talk about like what are the so, let's talk about like what are the pros and cons and things I wish I'd pros and cons and things I wish I'd pros and cons and things I wish I'd known uh before purchasing or if I were known uh before purchasing or if I were known uh before purchasing or if I were on that side of it. Um I'm struggling a on that side of it. Um I'm struggling a on that side of it. Um I'm struggling a little bit here on this one. little bit here on this one. little bit here on this one. Cuz here uh so, just stick with me. Cuz here uh so, just stick with me. Cuz here uh so, just stick with me. Let's you and I have a conversation. When I saw the method, I went When I saw the method, I went When I saw the method, I went Is that it? Is that it? Is that it? Are you kidding me? Really? It's It's Are you kidding me? Really? It's It's Are you kidding me? Really? It's It's that simple? And I know my magician brain went into And I know my magician brain went into And I know my magician brain went into full gear. It's like, full gear. It's like, full gear. It's like, it's that simple. It cannot be it's that simple. It cannot be it's that simple. It cannot be effective. effective. effective. And um And um And um but then I went and performed it. but then I went and performed it. but then I went and performed it. Cuz I honestly thought the method seemed Cuz I honestly thought the method seemed Cuz I honestly thought the method seemed so weak to me and like has not somebody so weak to me and like has not somebody so weak to me and like has not somebody thought of this before and I'm not aware thought of this before and I'm not aware thought of this before and I'm not aware of somebody using this method in the of somebody using this method in the of somebody using this method in the past. past. past. But it's so simple. It's hard for me to But it's so simple. It's hard for me to But it's so simple. It's hard for me to believe that people haven't tried this believe that people haven't tried this believe that people haven't tried this before and failed and that like Michael before and failed and that like Michael before and failed and that like Michael John's succeeding at it. And I sort of John's succeeding at it. And I sort of John's succeeding at it. And I sort of thought like, this thought like, this thought like, this there's no way this will fly. there's no way this will fly. there's no way this will fly. But then I performed it for somebody and But then I performed it for somebody and But then I performed it for somebody and yeah, yeah, yeah, they they they were really surprised. were really surprised. were really surprised. And I'm like, look at the bill cuz I And I'm like, look at the bill cuz I And I'm like, look at the bill cuz I really sort of, you know, was kind of really sort of, you know, was kind of really sort of, you know, was kind of hoping I might be discovered. hoping I might be discovered. hoping I might be discovered. Um no. Playing around with the bill, Um no. Playing around with the bill, Um no. Playing around with the bill, touching the bill? No. touching the bill? No. touching the bill? No. Uh Uh Uh Um totally fine. To them, they saw a Um totally fine. To them, they saw a Um totally fine. To them, they saw a full restoration. full restoration. full restoration. Um and then I went and I performed it a Um and then I went and I performed it a Um and then I went and I performed it a couple more times couple more times couple more times with same results. with same results. with same results. Um each time Um each time Um each time um fooling my spectator. um fooling my spectator. um fooling my spectator. So, I have to admit that I was wrong. Oh So, I have to admit that I was wrong. Oh So, I have to admit that I was wrong. Oh my god, I can't believe I just said my god, I can't believe I just said my god, I can't believe I just said that. I might have to edit that out. Um that. I might have to edit that out. Um that. I might have to edit that out. Um >> [clears throat] >> [clears throat] >> [clears throat] >> It's hurting my throat. Let me grab a >> It's hurting my throat. Let me grab a >> It's hurting my throat. Let me grab a drink. That's a good drink. That's a good drink. That's a good drink. Um Um Um yeah. So, I This is one of those times yeah. So, I This is one of those times yeah. So, I This is one of those times where my where my where my magician thinking, I think, really got magician thinking, I think, really got magician thinking, I think, really got in the way and that in the way and that in the way and that um it fooled my spectators. um it fooled my spectators. um it fooled my spectators. So, So, So, there's that. I don't know if I uh love there's that. I don't know if I uh love there's that. I don't know if I uh love it, it, it, um but I know I'm going to use it. So, um but I know I'm going to use it. So, um but I know I'm going to use it. So, um um um yeah, so there's that. Um Yeah. All right, let's say you're thinking All right, let's say you're thinking All right, let's say you're thinking about purchasing this. about purchasing this. about purchasing this. Um Um Um some things for you uh some things for you uh some things for you uh to consider. to consider. to consider. Um Um Um is that is that is that it's not technically fully restored. it's not technically fully restored. it's not technically fully restored. There's still a little bit of hole There's still a little bit of hole There's still a little bit of hole there. And I would think people would there. And I would think people would there. And I would think people would see it and they don't. Um see it and they don't. Um see it and they don't. Um after doing this and practicing on after doing this and practicing on after doing this and practicing on multiple bills as well, multiple bills as well, multiple bills as well, um um um in the tutorial and I think in the in the tutorial and I think in the in the tutorial and I think in the teaser they use a um teaser they use a um teaser they use a um torch on your cell phone. As if that's torch on your cell phone. As if that's torch on your cell phone. As if that's to add this other layer of like look. Um to add this other layer of like look. Um to add this other layer of like look. Um I'm not sure I'm not sure I'm not sure that using a torch is necessary from that using a torch is necessary from that using a torch is necessary from your phone. your phone. your phone. It's used in a way to show like, "Look, It's used in a way to show like, "Look, It's used in a way to show like, "Look, you can actually see through the bill." you can actually see through the bill." you can actually see through the bill." I found that people can see through the I found that people can see through the I found that people can see through the bill no problem. I can just wave my bill no problem. I can just wave my bill no problem. I can just wave my hand, move it around enough, and they hand, move it around enough, and they hand, move it around enough, and they can confirm there's a hole without using can confirm there's a hole without using can confirm there's a hole without using the torch. Now, when I use the torch, I the torch. Now, when I use the torch, I the torch. Now, when I use the torch, I have found the torch have found the torch have found the torch after the puncture, before the after the puncture, before the after the puncture, before the restoration, great to shine it on top of restoration, great to shine it on top of restoration, great to shine it on top of it and see it, shine it from underneath it and see it, shine it from underneath it and see it, shine it from underneath to see the hole, and it's super clear. to see the hole, and it's super clear. to see the hole, and it's super clear. When I am done, my preference When I am done, my preference When I am done, my preference is to just shine from above and not is to just shine from above and not is to just shine from above and not below. I found when I shine from below, below. I found when I shine from below, below. I found when I shine from below, I can see a little bit of a small hole I can see a little bit of a small hole I can see a little bit of a small hole that is still there. that is still there. that is still there. So, my recommendation if you purchase So, my recommendation if you purchase So, my recommendation if you purchase this, I have found using the torch is this, I have found using the torch is this, I have found using the torch is not my go-to, not what I would use not my go-to, not what I would use not my go-to, not what I would use because I think it could because I think it could because I think it could expose the method. So, and I think and I expose the method. So, and I think and I expose the method. So, and I think and I I can't find quite the rationale for I can't find quite the rationale for I can't find quite the rationale for using the phone using the phone using the phone that I can that I can that I can get in a simpler way by people just get in a simpler way by people just get in a simpler way by people just looking at the bill, handing them the looking at the bill, handing them the looking at the bill, handing them the beer bill. They see that it's punctured, beer bill. They see that it's punctured, beer bill. They see that it's punctured, you know, and that we're not dealing you know, and that we're not dealing you know, and that we're not dealing with a gimmick um object here at all. with a gimmick um object here at all. with a gimmick um object here at all. So, So, So, that's some of my thinking on it. Um and that's some of my thinking on it. Um and that's some of my thinking on it. Um and I if you purchase it or you're thinking I if you purchase it or you're thinking I if you purchase it or you're thinking about purchasing it, those is what I about purchasing it, those is what I about purchasing it, those is what I have learned so far and hopefully that have learned so far and hopefully that have learned so far and hopefully that would be helpful for you as well. would be helpful for you as well. would be helpful for you as well. I think one of the really good things I think one of the really good things I think one of the really good things about this one with the method that's about this one with the method that's about this one with the method that's used used used is you can give if it's their borrowed is you can give if it's their borrowed is you can give if it's their borrowed bill, just give them their bill back and bill, just give them their bill back and bill, just give them their bill back and they can keep it, no problem. They can they can keep it, no problem. They can they can keep it, no problem. They can touch it as much as they want. They can touch it as much as they want. They can touch it as much as they want. They can feel around feel around feel around and this is a real upside for it from a and this is a real upside for it from a and this is a real upside for it from a feel point of view, there's no hole feel point of view, there's no hole feel point of view, there's no hole there. And if they quickly look at it, there. And if they quickly look at it, there. And if they quickly look at it, they don't see any hole, they touch it, they don't see any hole, they touch it, they don't see any hole, they touch it, there's no hole and I think that's a there's no hole and I think that's a there's no hole and I think that's a really, really great upside really, really great upside really, really great upside to this. It's like this extra to this. It's like this extra to this. It's like this extra uh convincer that the hole has been uh convincer that the hole has been uh convincer that the hole has been restored. restored. restored. Um All right, let's sort of wrap up on sort All right, let's sort of wrap up on sort All right, let's sort of wrap up on sort of this portion. I think of this portion. I think of this portion. I think on the upside, man, is it a great EDC. on the upside, man, is it a great EDC. on the upside, man, is it a great EDC. Meaning EDC is that anytime you're with Meaning EDC is that anytime you're with Meaning EDC is that anytime you're with somebody who has paper money, somebody who has paper money, somebody who has paper money, paper money, US currency, paper money, US currency, paper money, US currency, um and you can get access to something um and you can get access to something um and you can get access to something that's small to puncture it, um that's small to puncture it, um that's small to puncture it, um it's really great. it's really great. it's really great. Um and I think Um and I think Um and I think it's just fun. It's sort of thing for me it's just fun. It's sort of thing for me it's just fun. It's sort of thing for me that I think I would perform if I'm out that I think I would perform if I'm out that I think I would perform if I'm out having drinks with friends having drinks with friends having drinks with friends Um and they say, "Hey, can you do Um and they say, "Hey, can you do Um and they say, "Hey, can you do something for me real quick or show me a something for me real quick or show me a something for me real quick or show me a magic trick?" magic trick?" magic trick?" You know, my class guys I didn't bring You know, my class guys I didn't bring You know, my class guys I didn't bring anything with me. Oh, let's just do anything with me. Oh, let's just do anything with me. Oh, let's just do something organic. And it's perfect for something organic. And it's perfect for something organic. And it's perfect for that scenario. It's great for close-up that scenario. It's great for close-up that scenario. It's great for close-up which is that would be a close-up which is that would be a close-up which is that would be a close-up scenario. It's not a parlor, it's not a scenario. It's not a parlor, it's not a scenario. It's not a parlor, it's not a stage. This is close-up effect. And so stage. This is close-up effect. And so stage. This is close-up effect. And so it's nice that it can be it's truly an it's nice that it can be it's truly an it's nice that it can be it's truly an organic type of a organic type of a organic type of a performance. Can be performed 360 performance. Can be performed 360 performance. Can be performed 360 degrees, doesn't matter. degrees, doesn't matter. degrees, doesn't matter. There's no issues with there. You start There's no issues with there. You start There's no issues with there. You start clean and you end clean cuz there's no clean and you end clean cuz there's no clean and you end clean cuz there's no gimmicks involved with this. gimmicks involved with this. gimmicks involved with this. I will add as it comes to penetrations, I will add as it comes to penetrations, I will add as it comes to penetrations, my personal preference is my personal preference is my personal preference is called Phoenix released by Hanson Chen called Phoenix released by Hanson Chen called Phoenix released by Hanson Chen and and and uh uh uh High Guard. I've done a review of that, High Guard. I've done a review of that, High Guard. I've done a review of that, you can go watch that. you can go watch that. you can go watch that. I like that one because it really and I like that one because it really and I like that one because it really and it's close to me in some respects in it's close to me in some respects in it's close to me in some respects in that that that um [snorts] I like that one because it feels at the I like that one because it feels at the I like that one because it feels at the end like oh, that hole is really really end like oh, that hole is really really end like oh, that hole is really really restored. restored. restored. I could put the torch underneath it and I could put the torch underneath it and I could put the torch underneath it and probably and be fine with it. The probably and be fine with it. The probably and be fine with it. The downside of that one is it's gimmicked. downside of that one is it's gimmicked. downside of that one is it's gimmicked. And maybe somebody will see the gimmick. And maybe somebody will see the gimmick. And maybe somebody will see the gimmick. I've never had anyone see the gimmick, I've never had anyone see the gimmick, I've never had anyone see the gimmick, but that's quite possible. And but that's quite possible. And but that's quite possible. And it can be just very slightly knacky it can be just very slightly knacky it can be just very slightly knacky when you're first learning it and when you're first learning it and when you're first learning it and performing it live. Whereas this one is performing it live. Whereas this one is performing it live. Whereas this one is almost identical in the same respect. almost identical in the same respect. almost identical in the same respect. But But But there's no gimmicks involved. So, you're there's no gimmicks involved. So, you're there's no gimmicks involved. So, you're ready to go anytime you have paper money ready to go anytime you have paper money ready to go anytime you have paper money in front of you. So, that's the the in front of you. So, that's the the in front of you. So, that's the the upside. upside. upside. It is a download. I'm a firm believer in It is a download. I'm a firm believer in It is a download. I'm a firm believer in downloads. I know that other magic downloads. I know that other magic downloads. I know that other magic reviewers say reviewers say reviewers say with the downloads and that they're with the downloads and that they're with the downloads and that they're dead. I still love downloads. I think dead. I still love downloads. I think dead. I still love downloads. I think they're great. This download is $19.95. they're great. This download is $19.95. they're great. This download is $19.95. Think it's available exclusively over at Think it's available exclusively over at Think it's available exclusively over at Penguin Magic. Penguin Magic. Penguin Magic. Um, Um, Um, I kind of think $20 it's priced slightly I kind of think $20 it's priced slightly I kind of think $20 it's priced slightly high, personally. I've I've been high, personally. I've I've been high, personally. I've I've been struggling like what's the right price struggling like what's the right price struggling like what's the right price point for this and maybe about $10 would point for this and maybe about $10 would point for this and maybe about $10 would be my ideal price point. be my ideal price point. be my ideal price point. Maybe 15. 20 feels just a hair high for Maybe 15. 20 feels just a hair high for Maybe 15. 20 feels just a hair high for me. me. me. But if it's something you're going to be But if it's something you're going to be But if it's something you're going to be performing performing performing all the time, it's well worth it. all the time, it's well worth it. all the time, it's well worth it. You've got a method that's true and You've got a method that's true and You've got a method that's true and blue. Uh, so you sort of have to decide blue. Uh, so you sort of have to decide blue. Uh, so you sort of have to decide if that price point is right for you. If if that price point is right for you. If if that price point is right for you. If you're going to perform it all the time, you're going to perform it all the time, you're going to perform it all the time, I think it's fine. I do think for I think it's fine. I do think for I think it's fine. I do think for based upon based upon based upon I struggle again with the method. Uh, is I struggle again with the method. Uh, is I struggle again with the method. Uh, is this method worth $20? Cuz that's what this method worth $20? Cuz that's what this method worth $20? Cuz that's what you essentially what you're purchasing. you essentially what you're purchasing. you essentially what you're purchasing. So the well, you have to decide if So the well, you have to decide if So the well, you have to decide if that's the right amount or not. All that's the right amount or not. All that's the right amount or not. All right. right. right. I think that's it. If you purchase this, I think that's it. If you purchase this, I think that's it. If you purchase this, boy, I would love to hear your comments boy, I would love to hear your comments boy, I would love to hear your comments down below. Uh, would genuinely uh, down below. Uh, would genuinely uh, down below. Uh, would genuinely uh, appreciate it. I haven't watched anybody appreciate it. I haven't watched anybody appreciate it. I haven't watched anybody else's review of this. else's review of this. else's review of this. So I don't know what others are saying So I don't know what others are saying So I don't know what others are saying out there. Um, I know I've performed it out there. Um, I know I've performed it out there. Um, I know I've performed it with surprise. It has fooled my with surprise. It has fooled my with surprise. It has fooled my audiences. I will continue to actually audiences. I will continue to actually audiences. I will continue to actually perform it from time to time, probably perform it from time to time, probably perform it from time to time, probably in casual settings. Um, but um, yeah, it in casual settings. Um, but um, yeah, it in casual settings. Um, but um, yeah, it worked. So worked. So worked. So that's essentially it. Uh, I do want to that's essentially it. Uh, I do want to that's essentially it. Uh, I do want to thank Penguin Magic thank Penguin Magic thank Penguin Magic uh, and Michael John for allowing me to uh, and Michael John for allowing me to uh, and Michael John for allowing me to have it so that I can review it for you. have it so that I can review it for you. have it so that I can review it for you. I hope you can sense my honest take on I hope you can sense my honest take on I hope you can sense my honest take on this for something that uh, was given to this for something that uh, was given to this for something that uh, was given to me uh, to review. But leave your me uh, to review. But leave your me uh, to review. But leave your comments down below, hit that like comments down below, hit that like comments down below, hit that like button, and subscribe button. I'd really button, and subscribe button. I'd really button, and subscribe button. I'd really appreciate it. Thanks everyone for being appreciate it. Thanks everyone for being appreciate it. Thanks everyone for being here. I'm Fiddlin' Johnny. here. I'm Fiddlin' Johnny. here. I'm Fiddlin' Johnny. Remember to keep fiddling around with Remember to keep fiddling around with Remember to keep fiddling around with your magic. I'll see y'all next time. your magic. I'll see y'all next time. your magic. I'll see y'all next time. Bye-bye. >> [music] >> Hey.