And the big question: does the And the big question: does the And the big question: does the advertising promise hold true without Qualim? advertising promise hold true without Qualim? advertising promise hold true without Qualim? Honestly, making campfire bread or sitting comfortably around a Honestly, making campfire bread or sitting comfortably around a Honestly, making campfire bread or sitting comfortably around a fire is a really great fire is a really great fire is a really great thing and super cozy.  It smells awful, it thing and super cozy.  It smells awful, it thing and super cozy.  It smells awful, it stinks, and the children smell as if they've stinks, and the children smell as if they've spent the night in a smokehouse.  This fire bowl is meant to spent the night in a smokehouse.  This fire bowl is meant to spent the night in a smokehouse.  This fire bowl is meant to be different.  If you want, you can be different.  If you want, you can be different.  If you want, you can even grill on it.  So today we're going to test a even grill on it.  So today we're going to test a even grill on it.  So today we're going to test a real fire with dry wood, real fire with dry wood, real fire with dry wood, and then we'll put a and then we'll put a and then we'll put a nice bratwurst on it.  Unlike my nice bratwurst on it.  Unlike my nice bratwurst on it.  Unlike my colleague, this one works with pellets, colleague, this one works with pellets, colleague, this one works with pellets, coal and wood.  And the big question: does coal and wood.  And the big question: does coal and wood.  And the big question: does the advertising promise of no smoke hold true? the advertising promise of no smoke hold true? the advertising promise of no smoke hold true? First of all, thank you for tuning in.  This item First of all, thank you for tuning in.  This item First of all, thank you for tuning in.  This item currently costs €147, and I think you can currently costs €147, and I think you can currently costs €147, and I think you can find it even cheaper.  Don't worry, find it even cheaper.  Don't worry, find it even cheaper.  Don't worry, everything is linked below the video or everything is linked below the video or everything is linked below the video or you can scan the QR code.  Let's you can scan the QR code.  Let's you can scan the QR code.  Let's quickly light some kindling quickly light some kindling quickly light some kindling and take a closer look at the fire bowl and take a closer look at the fire bowl and take a closer look at the fire bowl , because it has a , because it has a , because it has a special feature that, as you can see, the one in the special feature that, as you can see, the one in the special feature that, as you can see, the one in the back doesn't have.  Because what's back doesn't have.  Because what's back doesn't have.  Because what's smoking here is wood gas, and the smoking here is wood gas, and the smoking here is wood gas, and the smokeless fire bowl has a smokeless fire bowl has a smokeless fire bowl has a special feature.  Firstly, it has a special feature.  Firstly, it has a special feature.  Firstly, it has a special ventilation system with drafts, special ventilation system with drafts, special ventilation system with drafts, and secondly, these holes on the and secondly, these holes on the and secondly, these holes on the sides, which ensure that sides, which ensure that sides, which ensure that this smoke does not form.  I've this smoke does not form.  I've this smoke does not form.  I've already tested this on a small scale. already tested this on a small scale. already tested this on a small scale. I don't know if this works on a large scale I don't know if this works on a large scale I don't know if this works on a large scale or if it only helps the manufacturer. or if it only helps the manufacturer. or if it only helps the manufacturer. This is definitely a very well- This is definitely a very well- This is definitely a very well- ventilated system. ventilated system. ventilated system. We can remove the ash from underneath, and the We can remove the ash from underneath, and the We can remove the ash from underneath, and the metal grate is really thick and sturdy, just as metal grate is really thick and sturdy, just as metal grate is really thick and sturdy, just as you would expect from a good grill you would expect from a good grill you would expect from a good grill .