Hello, my name's Ryan Cely and in this
video I'm going to be showing you how to
skim a wall.
As this wall is not a plasterboard wall,
the first thing we need to do is prepare
the surface. This is done by applying a
coat of PVA watered down at a ratio of 1
one to the entire surface of the wall.
Once applied, you should allow the PVA
to dry until tacky to the touch, as
that's the ideal time for us to start
applying our plaster to the surface of
the wall. So, let's have a look at some
of the things we'll need. There's multi
finish,
a couple of buckets for holding your
clean water, and also you want one for
washing out, a tel. Now, I've got a
flexi t and a standard t, but either
should be fine for a beginner. a hook, a
gauging t, an angle tool, a spatula, and
a splash brush. You'll want something to
mix the plaster in, a mixing tub, and
something to mix the plaster with, a
whisk.
If you look closely, I'll show you the
correct consistency.
There's a little bit of leeway. People
do prefer different things, but it's not
too dissimilar from yogurt. And the way
to get there is to keep adding plaster
to the water and never water to plaster.
You want to go in small stages and just
keep mixing until it's completely free
of lumps and looking something like
that.
The final stage of preparation is just
to give all the tools a quick wet down
to prevent the plaster from sticking.
And now we're ready to apply the
plaster.
Whenever applying plaster, you always
start in the top leftand corner of the
wall and you move from left to right
coming down to about halfway down the
wall. This is known as putting on the
tops.
Once we reach the other end of the wall,
we come back to the left hand side.
Start from the bottom and come up to
meet the plaster halfway up the wall.
The only exception to this is if you're
left-handed, you do it in reverse. As
you go from right to left,
the first coat will be applied around 2
mm thick. And the second coat will be
applied around a millimeter thick,
making a total of 3 mm.
What you want to do is take a little bit
of plaster off of the hawk with the tel
like so, which you can then apply
straight to the wall using firm and
consistent pressure to spread the
plaster nice and evenly.
and that's the first coat complete.
If you're plastering more than one wall,
remember to run in the angles between
the coats of plaster. Wash off your
tools and get ready for the second coat.
You'll need to mix up again. And this
mix for the second coat needs to be a
little bit more runny than the first
coat. And you'll need about half as
much.
Now, the second coat is more or less
exactly the same to apply as the first
coat. The only difference is you'll want
to make sure that you're a little bit
neater and take a little more care
getting it nice and flat because it'll
make a big difference when it comes to
trolling up.
As you can see, I'm just pressing the
plaster right into the skirting board.
I'm just going right down to the line
and making sure that all the little gaps
and and hollers are filled along that
bottom the bottom edge.
here. Take notice of the fact that as
I'm moving the TR, the angle of the TR
to the wall is kept consistent as it
glides over it. So, it's giving a nice
consistent shine rather than wobbling
the TR, which would give a ripple effect
on the wall.
Heat. Heat.
So, you want to scrape down those edges.
Just clean them off as you go. The
plaster is still quite soft. cuz it
started to firm up a little bit, but
it's definitely soft enough to get it
off of the coin and the the surrounding
walls and the skirting board now rather
than letting it go hard and struggle
scraping it off later. So, just keep
everything nice and clean as you go.
Splash a little bit of water on the wall
to keep the surface nice and lubricated
and then start trling up.
Nice firm pressure in a downward stroke.
Quite a shallow angle from the tri to
the wall. You don't want too sharp of an
angle, otherwise you'll take the plaster
off. And we're following the same
pattern as we did before. Starting in
the top left, moving right, and then
doing the same from the bottom, left to
right.
Oh,
hey.
You want to make sure you keep cleaning
off your T. Keep wiping it clean with
your brush and going back to the bucket
and just washing it down.
Now the second tri is almost the same as
the first. Again, just keep the surface
greased with water. Just lightly misted
with it. A little bit of a splash on
there. And then you're basically just
moving the water on the surface,
applying nice firm pressure. And you can
increase the angle of the trail a little
just to get a bit of a sharper edge.
If you damage the plaster while
traveling up, you just want to use a
little bit of fat off the end of your
tri just to fill in the hole and nicely
smooth over it.
So that's the second TR more or less
done. Now all that's left to do is brush
in those edges and the angles. Make sure
everything's nice and smooth and clean.
And then we're on to the cross tri. Now
the cross is basically just a polish.
You're flicking a bit of water on and
then just really sharp angle on the TR
and just pushing it back and forth along
the TR going horizontal from top to
bottom. Lots of pressure on the cross
trail as well. Really press it in.
Now with the cross trial finished,
you've got a nice and smooth, freshly
skimmed wall.
So, that's the video. Thank you very
much. I hope you learned something in
this tutorial, and I hope we've done
enough to get you to come back in the
future. Please subscribe to the channel.
There'll be plenty more tutorials coming
up. Uh,
