So, whenever I'm out detecting at the So, whenever I'm out detecting at the So, whenever I'm out detecting at the park or pretty much anywhere there's a park or pretty much anywhere there's a park or pretty much anywhere there's a crowd of people, it seems like I always crowd of people, it seems like I always crowd of people, it seems like I always get approached by someone who's get approached by someone who's get approached by someone who's interested in the hobby. And generally, interested in the hobby. And generally, interested in the hobby. And generally, their first question to me is, "What's a their first question to me is, "What's a their first question to me is, "What's a good detector to get started with?" Now, good detector to get started with?" Now, good detector to get started with?" Now, they're obviously not going to be buying they're obviously not going to be buying they're obviously not going to be buying any of these high-end units. So, I any of these high-end units. So, I any of these high-end units. So, I usually tell them to check out something usually tell them to check out something usually tell them to check out something in the $250 to $300 price range. in the $250 to $300 price range. in the $250 to $300 price range. something like a M Lab Extera Pro or a something like a M Lab Extera Pro or a something like a M Lab Extera Pro or a Nocta simplex or something along those Nocta simplex or something along those Nocta simplex or something along those lines. But, you know, $250 to $300 can lines. But, you know, $250 to $300 can lines. But, you know, $250 to $300 can still be a lot of money for somebody still be a lot of money for somebody still be a lot of money for somebody who's not even sure if they're going to who's not even sure if they're going to who's not even sure if they're going to stick with the hobby. So, that got me stick with the hobby. So, that got me stick with the hobby. So, that got me thinking, what are some good options thinking, what are some good options thinking, what are some good options that are less than that are less than that are less than $200? Well, over the next few months, $200? Well, over the next few months, $200? Well, over the next few months, I'm going to take a look at a few of I'm going to take a look at a few of I'm going to take a look at a few of them. I want to check out the Mine Lab them. I want to check out the Mine Lab them. I want to check out the Mine Lab Vanquish 340 series, uh the Knock the Vanquish 340 series, uh the Knock the Vanquish 340 series, uh the Knock the Findex series, and maybe a few others, Findex series, and maybe a few others, Findex series, and maybe a few others, but I'm not going to be looking at the but I'm not going to be looking at the but I'm not going to be looking at the really cheap ones on Amazon, like the uh really cheap ones on Amazon, like the uh really cheap ones on Amazon, like the uh $50 to $75 deals, because I've bought $50 to $75 deals, because I've bought $50 to $75 deals, because I've bought those for my grandkids in the past, and those for my grandkids in the past, and those for my grandkids in the past, and they were basically garbage, not even they were basically garbage, not even they were basically garbage, not even usable. So, anyway, today we're going to usable. So, anyway, today we're going to usable. So, anyway, today we're going to look at a new one from Dr. OTCH called look at a new one from Dr. OTCH called look at a new one from Dr. OTCH called the MT12. They reached out a few weeks the MT12. They reached out a few weeks the MT12. They reached out a few weeks ago and asked if I'd be interested in ago and asked if I'd be interested in ago and asked if I'd be interested in doing a review. And having used some of doing a review. And having used some of doing a review. And having used some of their other detectors in the past, I their other detectors in the past, I their other detectors in the past, I know they're pretty decent. So, I know they're pretty decent. So, I know they're pretty decent. So, I replied back and said, "You know, I replied back and said, "You know, I replied back and said, "You know, I don't do promotional videos, but if don't do promotional videos, but if don't do promotional videos, but if you're okay with an honest review where you're okay with an honest review where you're okay with an honest review where I point out the good and the bad, then I point out the good and the bad, then I point out the good and the bad, then yeah, send it on." Well, they did, and yeah, send it on." Well, they did, and yeah, send it on." Well, they did, and here we are. Now, they did send the here we are. Now, they did send the here we are. Now, they did send the detector for free for the purpose of the detector for free for the purpose of the detector for free for the purpose of the review, but that's not going to affect review, but that's not going to affect review, but that's not going to affect my opinion whatsoever. Matter of fact, my opinion whatsoever. Matter of fact, my opinion whatsoever. Matter of fact, I've already got way too many detectors, I've already got way too many detectors, I've already got way too many detectors, so I'll probably just end up doing a so I'll probably just end up doing a so I'll probably just end up doing a giveaway on this one in the future. They giveaway on this one in the future. They giveaway on this one in the future. They were also nice enough to send out their were also nice enough to send out their were also nice enough to send out their MT6 Pro pinpointer. And I've actually MT6 Pro pinpointer. And I've actually MT6 Pro pinpointer. And I've actually done a review on this one in the past, done a review on this one in the past, done a review on this one in the past, and I'll put a link down below if you and I'll put a link down below if you and I'll put a link down below if you want to check it out. But long story want to check it out. But long story want to check it out. But long story short, for the money, it's a really good short, for the money, it's a really good short, for the money, it's a really good pinpointer. All right, so I'll give you pinpointer. All right, so I'll give you pinpointer. All right, so I'll give you a quick look at the box, then we'll do a quick look at the box, then we'll do a quick look at the box, then we'll do an unboxing, go over the controls, maybe an unboxing, go over the controls, maybe an unboxing, go over the controls, maybe do some air test, then we'll go try it do some air test, then we'll go try it do some air test, then we'll go try it out in the field. All right, let me out in the field. All right, let me out in the field. All right, let me switch cameras and we'll get started. switch cameras and we'll get started. switch cameras and we'll get started. Heat up here. here. here. Heat. Heat. Okay, so we got it put together. Getting Okay, so we got it put together. Getting Okay, so we got it put together. Getting those batteries in there was kind of a those batteries in there was kind of a those batteries in there was kind of a pain in the ass, but everything else was pain in the ass, but everything else was pain in the ass, but everything else was pretty pretty pretty easy. easy. easy. Overall, I'd say it feels pretty good. Overall, I'd say it feels pretty good. Overall, I'd say it feels pretty good. It's not heavy at all. It's not super It's not heavy at all. It's not super It's not heavy at all. It's not super light. doesn't feel light. doesn't feel light. doesn't feel cheap. Feels like a good improvement cheap. Feels like a good improvement cheap. Feels like a good improvement over the previous over the previous over the previous models. Right off the bat, a couple of models. Right off the bat, a couple of models. Right off the bat, a couple of things I like is number one, they went things I like is number one, they went things I like is number one, they went with a keyed shaft. And what I mean by with a keyed shaft. And what I mean by with a keyed shaft. And what I mean by that is it's not round. For whatever that is it's not round. For whatever that is it's not round. For whatever reason, even on some of these more reason, even on some of these more reason, even on some of these more expensive detectors like this expensive detectors like this expensive detectors like this manor, they use a round shaft and every manor, they use a round shaft and every manor, they use a round shaft and every time you use it, you have to line up the time you use it, you have to line up the time you use it, you have to line up the coil, which I'm not a big fan of. coil, which I'm not a big fan of. coil, which I'm not a big fan of. Another improvement I see is they've Another improvement I see is they've Another improvement I see is they've switched from those pin locks to the cam switched from those pin locks to the cam switched from those pin locks to the cam locks here. And these actually feel locks here. And these actually feel locks here. And these actually feel really good. And for whatever reason, they have good. And for whatever reason, they have good. And for whatever reason, they have the uh little short stem here that the uh little short stem here that the uh little short stem here that connects to the coil separated from the connects to the coil separated from the connects to the coil separated from the other part of the lower other part of the lower other part of the lower shaft. I'm not sure why they did that. shaft. I'm not sure why they did that. shaft. I'm not sure why they did that. Maybe to reduce Maybe to reduce Maybe to reduce flex. I don't know. But it's going to flex. I don't know. But it's going to flex. I don't know. But it's going to limit you as far as how far you can limit you as far as how far you can limit you as far as how far you can collapse it down. Not a huge collapse it down. Not a huge collapse it down. Not a huge deal. It still collapses down pretty deal. It still collapses down pretty deal. It still collapses down pretty small. I believe you can collapse down small. I believe you can collapse down small. I believe you can collapse down this section, too. Let's see. this section, too. Let's see. this section, too. Let's see. Yeah. So, yeah, it collapses down to a Yeah. So, yeah, it collapses down to a Yeah. So, yeah, it collapses down to a fairly small fairly small fairly small package. Now, they've included some package. Now, they've included some package. Now, they've included some headphones that feel pretty decent. headphones that feel pretty decent. headphones that feel pretty decent. They're wired headphones. They're wired headphones. They're wired headphones. Looks like it has a volume control in Looks like it has a volume control in Looks like it has a volume control in line. And they give you the carrying line. And they give you the carrying line. And they give you the carrying bag, which I've never actually used, but bag, which I've never actually used, but bag, which I've never actually used, but I'm sure it's decent I'm sure it's decent I'm sure it's decent quality. And one of the things I like quality. And one of the things I like quality. And one of the things I like that they include with their detectors that they include with their detectors that they include with their detectors is these Dr. Rotek hand diggers. I've is these Dr. Rotek hand diggers. I've is these Dr. Rotek hand diggers. I've used these in the past, and they're used these in the past, and they're used these in the past, and they're actually really actually really actually really good. Saves you a little bit of money good. Saves you a little bit of money good. Saves you a little bit of money right there. right there. right there. It's about the same size It's about the same size It's about the same size as my other digger, which is from as my other digger, which is from as my other digger, which is from Predator Predator Predator Tools. Like I said, I've used these in Tools. Like I said, I've used these in Tools. Like I said, I've used these in the past and they hold up pretty well. the past and they hold up pretty well. the past and they hold up pretty well. So, that's a nice little extra. A lot So, that's a nice little extra. A lot So, that's a nice little extra. A lot better than some of the other cheaper better than some of the other cheaper better than some of the other cheaper detectors that only give you those detectors that only give you those detectors that only give you those flimsy collapsible shovels. All right, so let me read shovels. All right, so let me read shovels. All right, so let me read through the manual, then we'll go over through the manual, then we'll go over through the manual, then we'll go over the controls. the controls. the controls. Okay, we'll take just a minute to go Okay, we'll take just a minute to go Okay, we'll take just a minute to go over the controls. This knob on the left over the controls. This knob on the left over the controls. This knob on the left is going to power the machine on and off is going to power the machine on and off is going to power the machine on and off as well as adjust the as well as adjust the as well as adjust the sensitivity. Now, when you first turn it sensitivity. Now, when you first turn it sensitivity. Now, when you first turn it on, it's going to go through its system on, it's going to go through its system on, it's going to go through its system check, but it'll beep to let you know check, but it'll beep to let you know check, but it'll beep to let you know when it's when it's when it's done. There we go. Turning it clockwise, done. There we go. Turning it clockwise, done. There we go. Turning it clockwise, you can see it's increasing the you can see it's increasing the you can see it's increasing the sensitivity, counterclockwise to sensitivity, counterclockwise to sensitivity, counterclockwise to decrease. All right. On the opposite decrease. All right. On the opposite decrease. All right. On the opposite side is how we switch from side is how we switch from side is how we switch from discrimination mode to all metal mode as discrimination mode to all metal mode as discrimination mode to all metal mode as well as control the threshold well as control the threshold well as control the threshold volume. Switching to all metal. As we volume. Switching to all metal. As we volume. Switching to all metal. As we turn it clockwise, you'll start to hear turn it clockwise, you'll start to hear turn it clockwise, you'll start to hear the threshold. Okay. Also, while in all threshold. Okay. Also, while in all threshold. Okay. Also, while in all metal mode, if you press and hold the metal mode, if you press and hold the metal mode, if you press and hold the menu/ground grab key and pump the coil, menu/ground grab key and pump the coil, menu/ground grab key and pump the coil, it'll give you a ground balance as well it'll give you a ground balance as well it'll give you a ground balance as well as your ground balance numbers on the as your ground balance numbers on the as your ground balance numbers on the bottom right. Okay. This is obviously bottom right. Okay. This is obviously bottom right. Okay. This is obviously your battery meter. This is your ID your battery meter. This is your ID your battery meter. This is your ID scale across the top as well as some scale across the top as well as some scale across the top as well as some icons here at the bottom is how you go icons here at the bottom is how you go icons here at the bottom is how you go into pinpoint mode. Press and release into pinpoint mode. Press and release into pinpoint mode. Press and release once to go to pinpoint mode. Press and once to go to pinpoint mode. Press and once to go to pinpoint mode. Press and release again to go back to your regular release again to go back to your regular release again to go back to your regular detect detect detect mode. Okay. When you click menu, it's mode. Okay. When you click menu, it's mode. Okay. When you click menu, it's going to bring up the backlight, which going to bring up the backlight, which going to bring up the backlight, which has nine different has nine different has nine different levels. And you're obviously not going levels. And you're obviously not going levels. And you're obviously not going to be able to see it out here because to be able to see it out here because to be able to see it out here because it's too bright, but you can take my it's too bright, but you can take my it's too bright, but you can take my word for it. Press it again. Goes to word for it. Press it again. Goes to word for it. Press it again. Goes to volume. It also has nine levels. Okay. Press it again and it levels. Okay. Press it again and it levels. Okay. Press it again and it brings up notch width. And this is how brings up notch width. And this is how brings up notch width. And this is how you control how many numbers you want to you control how many numbers you want to you control how many numbers you want to notch out or notch in at one notch out or notch in at one notch out or notch in at one time. Okay. Press it again. Goes to time. Okay. Press it again. Goes to time. Okay. Press it again. Goes to notch. And this is where you actually go notch. And this is where you actually go notch. And this is where you actually go through and notch out whatever you want through and notch out whatever you want through and notch out whatever you want or don't want to or don't want to or don't want to detect. detect. detect. Okay, one more goes to beach mode. And Okay, one more goes to beach mode. And Okay, one more goes to beach mode. And I'm nowhere near beach, so we won't be I'm nowhere near beach, so we won't be I'm nowhere near beach, so we won't be testing that one out. All right, the testing that one out. All right, the testing that one out. All right, the only thing I think I forgot to mention only thing I think I forgot to mention only thing I think I forgot to mention is that the headphone jack is on the is that the headphone jack is on the is that the headphone jack is on the back side there. All right, guys. So, we all know there. All right, guys. So, we all know there. All right, guys. So, we all know the air tests are not going to be the the air tests are not going to be the the air tests are not going to be the same as targets buried in the ground, same as targets buried in the ground, same as targets buried in the ground, but I think it'll at least give us a but I think it'll at least give us a but I think it'll at least give us a general idea of what kind of depth we general idea of what kind of depth we general idea of what kind of depth we can expect, best case scenario, and what can expect, best case scenario, and what can expect, best case scenario, and what the target ID will be on some common the target ID will be on some common the target ID will be on some common targets. So, today I brought out a few targets. So, today I brought out a few targets. So, today I brought out a few coins and a few rings. I have a uh coins and a few rings. I have a uh coins and a few rings. I have a uh Indian head penny, a B- nickel, a Barber Indian head penny, a B- nickel, a Barber Indian head penny, a B- nickel, a Barber dime, a Barber quarter, a Barber half, a dime, a Barber quarter, a Barber half, a dime, a Barber quarter, a Barber half, a Morgan dollar, a small silver ring, 10 Morgan dollar, a small silver ring, 10 Morgan dollar, a small silver ring, 10 karat wedding band, and a 14 karat ring. karat wedding band, and a 14 karat ring. karat wedding band, and a 14 karat ring. So, I've got the sensitivity about as So, I've got the sensitivity about as So, I've got the sensitivity about as high as I can go without getting too high as I can go without getting too high as I can go without getting too much EMI. It's about 3/4 of the way. I'm much EMI. It's about 3/4 of the way. I'm much EMI. It's about 3/4 of the way. I'm going to back it off just a little bit going to back it off just a little bit going to back it off just a little bit because I hear it because I hear it because I hear it chirping. Anyway, we'll take a look at chirping. Anyway, we'll take a look at chirping. Anyway, we'll take a look at these targets and see what we get. these targets and see what we get. these targets and see what we get. Okay, so this is a three-tone machine. Okay, so this is a three-tone machine. Okay, so this is a three-tone machine. So on iron, you're going to get a low grunt. On uh midc conductors, you're grunt. On uh midc conductors, you're grunt. On uh midc conductors, you're going to get a midtone. For nickels, going to get a midtone. For nickels, going to get a midtone. For nickels, probably all the way up to Indian head probably all the way up to Indian head probably all the way up to Indian head pennies. And on high conductors like pennies. And on high conductors like pennies. And on high conductors like dimes, quarters, halves, and dollars, dimes, quarters, halves, and dollars, dimes, quarters, halves, and dollars, you'll get a high tone. All right. So we'll start out with tone. All right. So we'll start out with tone. All right. So we'll start out with the Indian head penny. Looks like it cuts out around 6 and 12 Looks like it cuts out around 6 and 12 Looks like it cuts out around 6 and 12 inches. Next up is a B- nickel right around 7 nickel right around 7 nickel right around 7 in. Next up is a Barber dime. So it starts to cut out around 6 dime. So it starts to cut out around 6 dime. So it starts to cut out around 6 in. Next up is a barber quarter. Cuts out around 6 and 1/2 quarter. Cuts out around 6 and 1/2 quarter. Cuts out around 6 and 1/2 in. Here we have a barber in. Here we have a barber in. Here we have a barber half starts to cut out around 7 half starts to cut out around 7 half starts to cut out around 7 in. Morgan dollar cuts out around 7 and 1/2 or 8 dollar cuts out around 7 and 1/2 or 8 dollar cuts out around 7 and 1/2 or 8 in. Here we have a small silver ring. Cuts out around 6 ring. Cuts out around 6 ring. Cuts out around 6 in. Here we have a 10 karat gold wedding band. So, we hit that out almost to 8 band. So, we hit that out almost to 8 band. So, we hit that out almost to 8 in. Seems to like gold better than in. Seems to like gold better than in. Seems to like gold better than silver. Here we have a 14 karat gold silver. Here we have a 14 karat gold silver. Here we have a 14 karat gold ring. 7 and 12 or 8 in. Now, keep in mind I'm 7 and 12 or 8 in. Now, keep in mind I'm 7 and 12 or 8 in. Now, keep in mind I'm in the city, so I have to keep the in the city, so I have to keep the in the city, so I have to keep the sensitivity reasonable. You might get a sensitivity reasonable. You might get a sensitivity reasonable. You might get a little better depth out in the little better depth out in the little better depth out in the country. I've been here at the park for country. I've been here at the park for country. I've been here at the park for about an hour now with the MT12. Just about an hour now with the MT12. Just about an hour now with the MT12. Just trying to get used to the machine, and trying to get used to the machine, and trying to get used to the machine, and so far it's done pretty good. I've so far it's done pretty good. I've so far it's done pretty good. I've already found several coins, but the uh already found several coins, but the uh already found several coins, but the uh the pinpoint feature seems a little bit the pinpoint feature seems a little bit the pinpoint feature seems a little bit wonky to me. Now, that could be just wonky to me. Now, that could be just wonky to me. Now, that could be just because I'm not used to it yet. But because I'm not used to it yet. But because I'm not used to it yet. But anyway, I've already marked off a few anyway, I've already marked off a few anyway, I've already marked off a few targets here that we can take a look at targets here that we can take a look at targets here that we can take a look at together. I guess a ball game just ended together. I guess a ball game just ended together. I guess a ball game just ended or something because there's a lot of or something because there's a lot of or something because there's a lot of people headed out, but we'll wait on people headed out, but we'll wait on people headed out, but we'll wait on some of this traffic to clear out before some of this traffic to clear out before some of this traffic to clear out before we we we continue. Nothing really runs all that continue. Nothing really runs all that continue. Nothing really runs all that deep here, but there is a lot of trash. deep here, but there is a lot of trash. deep here, but there is a lot of trash. So, I've got the discrimination set up So, I've got the discrimination set up So, I've got the discrimination set up for coin shooting. Anyway, here we are for coin shooting. Anyway, here we are for coin shooting. Anyway, here we are at the first target. Hopefully you can see that Hopefully you can see that Hopefully you can see that screen. That's reading 76 to screen. That's reading 76 to screen. That's reading 76 to 78. I'm going to guess that's the uh 78. I'm going to guess that's the uh 78. I'm going to guess that's the uh copper penny range. Maybe a little too deep to hit with a pinpointer. This ground's really tough. We'll let that motorcycle We'll let that motorcycle We'll let that motorcycle pass. All right. So, it seems to be pass. All right. So, it seems to be pass. All right. So, it seems to be right there. There we go. It is a There we go. It is a There we go. It is a coin. It's going to be a copper coin. It's going to be a copper coin. It's going to be a copper penny penny penny memorial. All right. Next target. Okay, target number two. This one's reading solid 85 two. This one's reading solid 85 two. This one's reading solid 85 86. I'm going to guess that's the 86. I'm going to guess that's the 86. I'm going to guess that's the quarter range. Okay, that one's in the plug. There it There it There it is. And it is going to be a is. And it is going to be a is. And it is going to be a quarter. All right. Two for two on the coins. Okay. Target number three. This one's reading 79 to 81. That three. This one's reading 79 to 81. That three. This one's reading 79 to 81. That might be in the dime range. Or it could be a copper penny. Little bit deeper. I saw it right there. It I saw it right there. It I saw it right there. It is. That's going to be a clad is. That's going to be a clad is. That's going to be a clad dime. Three for three on the coins. Okay, target number Okay, target number Okay, target number four. 86 87. That's another one in the four. 86 87. That's another one in the four. 86 87. That's another one in the quarter range. This ground is tough. Yep, there it tough. Yep, there it tough. Yep, there it is. Another is. Another is. Another quarter. Four for four on coins. That's quarter. Four for four on coins. That's quarter. Four for four on coins. That's not too shabby. All right, so this is obviously shabby. All right, so this is obviously shabby. All right, so this is obviously not going to be a full review, but just not going to be a full review, but just not going to be a full review, but just my initial impressions after a couple my initial impressions after a couple my initial impressions after a couple hours of use. Uh, we'll start out with a hours of use. Uh, we'll start out with a hours of use. Uh, we'll start out with a good. I like the new keyed shaft and cam good. I like the new keyed shaft and cam good. I like the new keyed shaft and cam locks. I like the overall feel and locks. I like the overall feel and locks. I like the overall feel and weight of the detector. Like the large weight of the detector. Like the large weight of the detector. Like the large display, the control knobs. I like that display, the control knobs. I like that display, the control knobs. I like that it remembers the settings that you last it remembers the settings that you last it remembers the settings that you last used. The target ID is large and easy to used. The target ID is large and easy to used. The target ID is large and easy to read. And the target ID is also read. And the target ID is also read. And the target ID is also stable. I like the ability to notch out stable. I like the ability to notch out stable. I like the ability to notch out individual numbers or ranges. I like the individual numbers or ranges. I like the individual numbers or ranges. I like the included hand digger. And one thing I included hand digger. And one thing I included hand digger. And one thing I like about this company, Dr. Protek is like about this company, Dr. Protek is like about this company, Dr. Protek is they're not afraid of a little they're not afraid of a little they're not afraid of a little constructive criticism, which I'm about constructive criticism, which I'm about constructive criticism, which I'm about to give right now. Okay, let's talk to give right now. Okay, let's talk to give right now. Okay, let's talk about a few things that I didn't care about a few things that I didn't care about a few things that I didn't care for or things I'd like to see them fix for or things I'd like to see them fix for or things I'd like to see them fix on future models. Number one would be on future models. Number one would be on future models. Number one would be the pinpoint mode. Now, while it did the pinpoint mode. Now, while it did the pinpoint mode. Now, while it did work, it just seemed a little bit work, it just seemed a little bit work, it just seemed a little bit strange to me. I noticed sometimes when strange to me. I noticed sometimes when strange to me. I noticed sometimes when I pinpoint a target and then lift the I pinpoint a target and then lift the I pinpoint a target and then lift the coil off the ground, the uh pinpoint coil off the ground, the uh pinpoint coil off the ground, the uh pinpoint audio would continue to sound off. I'll audio would continue to sound off. I'll audio would continue to sound off. I'll put up a short video so that you can see put up a short video so that you can see put up a short video so that you can see what I mean. Number two is the 9volt batteries. And Number two is the 9volt batteries. And Number two is the 9volt batteries. And this goes for all manufacturers that are this goes for all manufacturers that are this goes for all manufacturers that are still using 9volt and double A still using 9volt and double A still using 9volt and double A batteries. It's 2025. I see no reason batteries. It's 2025. I see no reason batteries. It's 2025. I see no reason why these detectors shouldn't have why these detectors shouldn't have why these detectors shouldn't have rechargeable lithium batteries. Okay. rechargeable lithium batteries. Okay. rechargeable lithium batteries. Okay. Number two, I'd like to see more tone Number two, I'd like to see more tone Number two, I'd like to see more tone options. Now, the tones on this detector options. Now, the tones on this detector options. Now, the tones on this detector are good, but they're a little bit short are good, but they're a little bit short are good, but they're a little bit short or clipped. While that's probably good or clipped. While that's probably good or clipped. While that's probably good for separation, it's not so great for for separation, it's not so great for for separation, it's not so great for trying to gauge the size of a target. trying to gauge the size of a target. trying to gauge the size of a target. So, more audio options. And finally, So, more audio options. And finally, So, more audio options. And finally, using the notch settings needs to be using the notch settings needs to be using the notch settings needs to be explained a little more clearly, keeping explained a little more clearly, keeping explained a little more clearly, keeping in mind the target audience for this in mind the target audience for this in mind the target audience for this detector is probably going to include a detector is probably going to include a detector is probably going to include a lot of beginners, and even I had trouble lot of beginners, and even I had trouble lot of beginners, and even I had trouble getting it set up right at getting it set up right at getting it set up right at first. All right, let's talk pricing. first. All right, let's talk pricing. first. All right, let's talk pricing. Now, this detector is going to retail Now, this detector is going to retail Now, this detector is going to retail for $199, but anybody who knows Dr. OTH for $199, but anybody who knows Dr. OTH for $199, but anybody who knows Dr. OTH knows that they almost always have knows that they almost always have knows that they almost always have coupons for 30 or $40 off. Matter of coupons for 30 or $40 off. Matter of coupons for 30 or $40 off. Matter of fact, I just checked their Amazon fact, I just checked their Amazon fact, I just checked their Amazon listing, and at the time of this video, listing, and at the time of this video, listing, and at the time of this video, they have a $30 off coupon plus another they have a $30 off coupon plus another they have a $30 off coupon plus another 15% off, which I believe brings the 15% off, which I believe brings the 15% off, which I believe brings the total price to somewhere around total price to somewhere around total price to somewhere around $149. And when you take into $149. And when you take into $149. And when you take into consideration they're giving you a nice consideration they're giving you a nice consideration they're giving you a nice free handheld digger that's probably free handheld digger that's probably free handheld digger that's probably worth at least 25 bucks. That's not a worth at least 25 bucks. That's not a worth at least 25 bucks. That's not a bad deal. All right, I'll include links bad deal. All right, I'll include links bad deal. All right, I'll include links to the detector and the pinpointer down to the detector and the pinpointer down to the detector and the pinpointer down in the description if you want to check in the description if you want to check in the description if you want to check it out. And there you have it. That's my it out. And there you have it. That's my it out. And there you have it. That's my review of the Dr. OTCH MT12. review of the Dr. OTCH MT12. review of the Dr. OTCH MT12.