Hey besties, welcome back to our YouTube Hey besties, welcome back to our YouTube Hey besties, welcome back to our YouTube channel.  If you new here, my name is channel.  If you new here, my name is channel.  If you new here, my name is Paula Kajala.  Praise be to the Lord Jesus. Paula Kajala.  Praise be to the Lord Jesus. Paula Kajala.  Praise be to the Lord Jesus. Muslims are the ones who are making things difficult. Muslims are the ones who are making things difficult. Muslims are the ones who are making things difficult. Peace be upon you. Peace be upon you. Peace be upon you. Peace be upon you.  And now I have chosen the Islamic name, Peace be upon you.  And now I have chosen the Islamic name, Peace be upon you.  And now I have chosen the Islamic name, Ramadan Kareem. Ramadan Kareem. Ramadan Kareem. So today we have been invited to Lamata to So today we have been invited to Lamata to So today we have been invited to Lamata to break our fast, as you know this is the period break our fast, as you know this is the period break our fast, as you know this is the period of fasting and Ramadan.  Yes. of fasting and Ramadan.  Yes. of fasting and Ramadan.  Yes. So we've been invited to So we've been invited to So we've been invited to this vlog, we'll be showing you guys, this vlog, we'll be showing you guys, this vlog, we'll be showing you guys, we go to break the fast, we feed people we go to break the fast, we feed people we go to break the fast, we feed people at Muslim places, when we're invited at at Muslim places, when we're invited at at Muslim places, when we're invited at Christian places, we all invade them, we turn them on, we go to Christian places, we all invade them, we turn them on, we go to Christian places, we all invade them, we turn them on, we go to break the fast ourselves, that's what I break the fast ourselves, that's what I break the fast ourselves, that's what I was seeing, guys, many people was seeing, guys, many people was seeing, guys, many people are asking, what religion are you guys, we're are asking, what religion are you guys, we're are asking, what religion are you guys, we're Christians, guys, Christians, guys, Christians, guys, but I'm going to be Muslim soon, but I'm going to be Muslim soon, but I'm going to be Muslim soon, okay, okay, okay, but we're still Christians until we but we're still Christians until we but we're still Christians until we change our religion, and as for clothing, change our religion, and as for clothing, change our religion, and as for clothing, we like to wear this way, as you we like to wear this way, as you we like to wear this way, as you can see, it suits us. can see, it suits us. can see, it suits us. So let's go to Lamata. So let's go to Lamata. So let's go to Lamata. Wow.  What do you have to say? Wow.  What do you have to say? Wow.  What do you have to say? No, I'm just saying, you know, No, I'm just saying, you know, No, I'm just saying, you know, we always fast, we always fast, we always fast, but during the Islamic fast, we but during the Islamic fast, we but during the Islamic fast, we fry them, we really appreciate it fry them, we really appreciate it fry them, we really appreciate it because when you fry them, they taste because when you fry them, they taste because when you fry them, they taste delicious.  If Muslims delicious.  If Muslims delicious.  If Muslims cook, they cook a lot of food, cook, they cook a lot of food, cook, they cook a lot of food, so we can just have breakfast here, so we can just have breakfast here, so we can just have breakfast here, we've made tea and the game is over. we've made tea and the game is over. we've made tea and the game is over. They have tables here and there.  Oh, we wish They have tables here and there.  Oh, we wish They have tables here and there.  Oh, we wish these fasts would continue like this, that they would be these fasts would continue like this, that they would be these fasts would continue like this, that they would be consistent every day. consistent every day. consistent every day. So guys, let's go to Lamata.  Bye. Come on, come on Come on, come on Come on, come on . . . He doesn't want He doesn't want He doesn't want this woman to have sex with this woman to have sex with this woman to have sex with you, man. I'm the one who you, man. I'm the one who you, man. I'm the one who gave birth to you, man. gave birth to you, man. gave birth to you, man. So then.  I don't want crying So then.  I don't want crying So then.  I don't want crying in the hallway.  Hey guys, let's go in the hallway.  Hey guys, let's go in the hallway.  Hey guys, let's go to the king, let's go to the king, let's go to the king, then or where are we going, where are we going, where are we going, Maringo? Welcome guys are you in Welcome guys are you in Welcome guys are you in soon where are you staying people come in soon where are you staying people come in soon where are you staying people come in family how are family how are family how are things going what is he doing he covers himself covers himself covers himself eating bad food and mchamba eating bad food and mchamba eating bad food and mchamba youtube sakina youtube sakina youtube sakina YouTube YouTube YouTube I have arrived guys I ran before I have arrived guys I ran before I have arrived guys I ran before even time the even time the even time the house is beautiful house is beautiful house is beautiful good good good everyone if you invite me for iftar know that I must invite me for iftar know that I must invite me for iftar know that I must come with my handbag wallet must be there my handbag number must be there my handbag number must be there my handbag number two number one that's here two number one that's here two number one that's here handbag number three is there to pick up the food soon soon Welcome soon soon food soon soon Welcome soon soon meat help meat help meat help me guys take you there guys me guys take you there guys me guys take you there guys wherever there is food immediately almost wherever there is food immediately almost wherever there is food immediately almost all the rice I am asked take all the rice all the rice I am asked take all the rice all the rice I am asked take all the rice a I have been told there are many b I am a I have been told there are many b I am a I have been told there are many b I am teasing you know teasing you know teasing you know that is what you want me to taste today my my that is what you want me to taste today my my that is what you want me to taste today my my bff and I have prepared bff and I have prepared bff and I have prepared our kiteti I told him to make you iftar he told me our kiteti I told him to make you iftar he told me our kiteti I told him to make you iftar he told me okay we have to okay we have to okay we have to invite others because it is the invite others because it is the invite others because it is the first time and he hasn't fasted what should first time and he hasn't fasted what should first time and he hasn't fasted what should I tell them I tell them I tell them we he doesn't want to know how it happened we he doesn't want to know how it happened we he doesn't want to know how it happened you planned I don't know you sat in a policy meeting I don't know you planned I don't know you sat in a policy meeting I don't know you planned I don't know you sat in a policy meeting I don't know you agreed that things don't concern us you agreed that things don't concern us you agreed that things don't concern us we want to eat so we want to eat so we want to eat so guys I ask him to start downloading guys I ask him to start downloading guys I ask him to start downloading kajal others you will follow kajal others you will follow kajal others you will follow because it is his aa by the way because it is his aa by the way because it is his aa by the way tomorrow is my birthday so  Guys, you tomorrow is my birthday so  Guys, you tomorrow is my birthday so  Guys, you will start taking care of me today until tomorrow will start taking care of me today until tomorrow will start taking care of me today until tomorrow and my bff will be the one who starts it because he and my bff will be the one who starts it because he and my bff will be the one who starts it because he asked for it. Tam, you Tam, you Tam, you fought, noodles, fought, noodles, fought, noodles, eh noodles, cook noodles. What are you called inside? What are you called inside? What are you called inside? Tell them. Tell them. Tell them. It is called a noodle soup.  People should stop telling us that we don't know how to It is called a noodle soup.  People should stop telling us that we don't know how to It is called a noodle soup.  People should stop telling us that we don't know how to get there. get there. get there. lips, go and get me get me get me seven, they seven, they seven, they all ran away, you're cooking here, the first bottle, if first bottle, if first bottle, if he changed the bottle, they changed the side, he changed the bottle, they changed the side, he changed the bottle, they changed the side, but at that time, until someone gets confused, that time, until someone gets confused, that time, until someone gets confused, that is, it does n't have sugar, cooks, you cooks, you cooks, you like sugar, like sugar, like sugar, this means it doesn't have sugar, this means it doesn't have sugar, this means it doesn't have sugar, there's no sugar, I don't there's no sugar, I don't there's no sugar, I don't like it, how do you cut it first, you cut it first, you cut it first, just eat it, because I don't understand, I'll go back, this is a very good food, good food, good food, 10, I really liked this ground meat 10, I really liked this ground meat 10, I really liked this ground meat with rice, rice, you have coconut, that is, if you eat it like this, you smell with rice, rice, you have coconut, that is, if you eat it like this, you smell with rice, rice, you have coconut, that is, if you eat it like this, you smell coconut, coconut, coconut, you smell coconut, you smell coconut, you smell coconut, and there, imagine I haven't taken all the food, and there, imagine I haven't taken all the food, and there, imagine I haven't taken all the food, but the food is very tasty, van but the food is very tasty, van but the food is very tasty, van kitchen, how is the food, kitchen, how is the food, kitchen, how is the food, 10 out of 10, you take notes, there, 10 out of 10, you take notes, there, perfect, perfect, perfect, my best, say, the food is very tasty, my best, say, the food is very tasty, my best, say, the food is very tasty, say, oh, the say, oh, the say, oh, the habit, that is, when someone is fasting, habit, that is, when someone is fasting, habit, that is, when someone is fasting, you see that you are eating, that is, if you just start eating a you see that you are eating, that is, if you just start eating a you see that you are eating, that is, if you just start eating a little, the food becomes tasty, you find yourself little, the food becomes tasty, you find yourself little, the food becomes tasty, you find yourself full quickly, then you want to eat, full quickly, then you want to eat, full quickly, then you want to eat, but your stomach is full, now they don't put Amira in, but your stomach is full, now they don't put Amira in, but your stomach is full, now they don't put Amira in, you put Amira in, you put Amira in, you put Amira in, no, it's just tasty, you are a ghost, no, it's just tasty, you are a ghost, no, it's just tasty, you are a ghost, now what do you and Amila have to do with each other now what do you and Amila have to do with each other now what do you and Amila have to do with each other here, but this one, here, but this one, here, but this one, we, we, we, the best, yeah, the best, and chicken  I want you to eat it, you were told it the best, yeah, the best, and chicken  I want you to eat it, you were told it the best, yeah, the best, and chicken  I want you to eat it, you were told it was placed on 12 coconuts. was placed on 12 coconuts. was placed on 12 coconuts. Have you ever seen it placed on 12 coconuts? You are the first one Have you ever seen it placed on 12 coconuts? You are the first one Have you ever seen it placed on 12 coconuts? You are the first one like your mother. Oh, shout like your mother. Oh, shout like your mother. Oh, shout to the to the to the yeah, my people. There are people. The yeah, my people. There are people. The yeah, my people. There are people. The food is very good. food is very good. food is very good. At At At first, I knew that first, I knew that first, I knew that a few would be good, but everything he tastes a few would be good, but everything he tastes a few would be good, but everything he tastes is good. Don't say this juice. I is good. Don't say this juice. I is good. Don't say this juice. I want to completely pass out. want to completely pass out. want to completely pass out. This juice is still the second glass. This juice is still the second glass. Dangerous. The Dangerous. The Dangerous. The food is very good. Let me sayang. Let me sayang. Let me sayang. Exactly Exactly Exactly how is the food, bro? Oh, fine, fine. I give it to you in how is the food, bro? Oh, fine, fine. I give it to you in how is the food, bro? Oh, fine, fine. I give it to you in Swahili. I give it to you. Swahili. I give it to you. Swahili. I give it to you. From one to 10. How much food do you give? From one to 10. How much food do you give? From one to 10. How much food do you give? Oh, this food, Oh, this food, Oh, this food, sir. I give it to you. Yo, how is the food, bro?  Delicious. Yo, how is the food, bro?  Delicious. Yo, how is the food, bro?  Delicious. Delicious.  Yes.  10 Delicious.  Yes.  10 Delicious.  Yes.  10 10 over 10. 10 over 10. 10 over 10. How is the food, bro?  10 over 10 How is the food, bro?  10 over 10 How is the food, bro?  10 over 10 10 over 10. 10 over 10. 10 over 10. Yeah.  Perfect. Yeah.  Perfect. Yeah.  Perfect. Tommy out of everything you ate today, Tommy out of everything you ate today, Tommy out of everything you ate today, which one's your favorite? which one's your favorite? which one's your favorite? My favorite my favorite is mzuzu My favorite my favorite is mzuzu My favorite my favorite is mzuzu sambusa. sambusa. sambusa. Samosa.  Beans Samosa.  Beans Samosa.  Beans choose one.  Just choose one. choose one.  Just choose one. choose one.  Just choose one. Choose Choose Choose samosa. samosa. samosa. Samosa.  Sambrusa. Samosa.  Sambrusa. Samosa.  Sambrusa. Sambrusa. Guys thank you very much for coming guys Guys thank you very much for coming guys Guys thank you very much for coming guys befong kaja kaja and his child guys invited him and brought him I befong kaja kaja and his child guys invited him and brought him I befong kaja kaja and his child guys invited him and brought him I invited you faula so we invited you faula so we invited you faula so we enjoyed they enjoyed enjoyed they enjoyed enjoyed they enjoyed what you did I what you did I what you did I cooked myself then I told you would you come cooked myself then I told you would you come cooked myself then I told you would you come measure let's cook and show you how he cooks you made him come what do you do so measure let's cook and show you how he cooks you made him come what do you do so measure let's cook and show you how he cooks you made him come what do you do so next I'm baking m we were next I'm baking m we were next I'm baking m we were at the mansion mansion of bff guys at the mansion mansion of bff guys at the mansion mansion of bff guys as you can see as as you can see as as you can see as you can see we were best friends next you are coming you can see we were best friends next you are coming you can see we were best friends next you are coming to Paula's mansion to Paula's mansion to Paula's mansion next next next your mansion how is mine first it's next year mine first it's next year mine first it's next year no why no why no why but we enjoyed guys the food was but we enjoyed guys the food was but we enjoyed guys the food was comingfurah comingfurah comingfurah thank you bye bye bye bye thank you bye bye bye bye guys like lamata said I was guys like lamata said I was guys like lamata said I was n't invited I felt like I was going crazy you n't invited I felt like I was going crazy you n't invited I felt like I was going crazy you can't be you have put it in my heart can't be you have put it in my heart can't be you have put it in my heart yes lamata I didn't come I didn't like yes lamata I didn't come I didn't like yes lamata I didn't come I didn't like but anyways the food was good I but anyways the food was good I but anyways the food was good I liked who I liked was minced meat you know I didn't like I liked who I liked was minced meat you know I didn't like I liked who I liked was minced meat you know I didn't like I just found rice and just found rice and just found rice and minced meat really minced meat really minced meat really eh eh eh m I liked there are those like m I liked there are those like m I liked there are those like scones like m beehive that I scones like m beehive that I really like then and chicken really like then and chicken really like then and chicken m m m chicken they bake that is anaturi chicken they bake that is anaturi chicken they bake that is anaturi even that who is liu bread to pour even that who is liu bread to pour even that who is liu bread to pour but I don't know you mixed it up  and the tanki but I don't know you mixed it up  and the tanki but I don't know you mixed it up  and the tanki watambi is watambi is watambi is very good very good very good so guys today is the seventh day for Muslims so guys today is the seventh day for Muslims so guys today is the seventh day for Muslims but for Christians today is the but for Christians today is the but for Christians today is the sixth day. sixth day. sixth day. You know, because we Christians do You know, because we Christians do You know, because we Christians do n't fast on Sundays. n't fast on Sundays. n't fast on Sundays. That is, we don't close every Sunday.  We fast for That is, we don't close every Sunday.  We fast for That is, we don't close every Sunday.  We fast for three days, we don't fast on Sundays.  So we are up three days, we don't fast on Sundays.  So we are up three days, we don't fast on Sundays.  So we are up to date. to date. to date. But I want to show you a recap of how But I want to show you a recap of how But I want to show you a recap of how we started Ramadan and with Rezma. we started Ramadan and with Rezma. we started Ramadan and with Rezma. We went to the market I mean Buchan we went to We went to the market I mean Buchan we went to We went to the market I mean Buchan we went to buy things we went to church for buy things we went to church for buy things we went to church for Ash Wednesday we went to Serena for Ash Wednesday we went to Serena for Ash Wednesday we went to Serena for iftar I invited iftar I invited iftar I invited Mr and Mrses Rajab at home for iftar Mr and Mrses Rajab at home for iftar Mr and Mrses Rajab at home for iftar various events so here is a recap at what time various events so here is a recap at what time various events so here is a recap at what time how many kilos and how many kilos and how many kilos and kilos i.e. say seven kilos and kilos kilos i.e. say seven kilos and kilos kilos i.e. say seven kilos and kilos but they will separate separate but they will separate separate but they will separate separate they will separate But 10 kilos you put in what i.e. But 10 kilos you put in what i.e. But 10 kilos you put in what i.e. one kilo like in the mikupo one kilo like in the mikupo one kilo like in the mikupo separate if separate if separate if you put them like this they all freeze you put them like this they all freeze you put them like this they all freeze eh eh eh it becomes difficult to give it becomes difficult to give it becomes difficult to give guys we came to Buchan to guys we came to Buchan to guys we came to Buchan to buy meat kupu fish buy meat kupu fish buy meat kupu fish for Ramadan and for resma for Ramadan and for resma for Ramadan and for resma and chicken also liver kidney gift and chicken also liver kidney gift and chicken also liver kidney gift yeah you know guys yeah you know guys yeah you know guys first we have a habit of doing that but right now first we have a habit of doing that but right now first we have a habit of doing that but right now Ramadan and for resma are Ramadan and for resma are Ramadan and for resma are parallel so we have to just do the shopping parallel so we have to just do the shopping parallel so we have to just do the shopping put things inside put things inside put things inside we cook for iftar I don't want those who are sitting too much art don't want those who are sitting too much art don't want those who are sitting too much art I want fresh chicken I still have liver I want there is liver mixed with kidney and mixed with kidney and mixed with kidney and heart I don't want liver S or what? S or what? S or what? Oh and that's it, I want Oh and that's it, I want Oh and that's it, I want 72, it 72, it 72, it 's 72, you don't have another one, and that's it, 's 72, you don't have another one, and that's it, you have even a GSM phone, and I want you have even a GSM phone, and I want you have even a GSM phone, and I want one, one, one, tell me the price, what price are you selling for tell me the price, what price are you selling for tell me the price, what price are you selling for one, one, one, and I want and I want and I want three, three, three, I'm out 3,000, I'm out 3,000, I'm out 3,000, 3000, 3000, 3000, oh, the bag oh, the bag oh, the bag for 15, for 15, for 15, please, then how many, please, then how many, please, then how many, two, 3,000? What is that, which one is 17500 two, 3,000? What is that, which one is 17500 two, 3,000? What is that, which one is 17500 ? ? ? Both are 3500. Both are 3500. Both are 3500. Oh, just give me 15 two at your house, I your house, I your house, I want that one, I want two, want that one, I want two, want that one, I want two, you have ugali.  Oh, the you have ugali.  Oh, the you have ugali.  Oh, the flour.  Hey flour.  Hey flour.  Hey brother, let me pray for you Ash Wednesday, Ash Wednesday, Ash Wednesday, my boyfriend and I have come to church. Are you fasting? Are you fasting? Are my boyfriend and I have come to church. Are you fasting? Are you fasting? Are you fasting? you fasting? you fasting? Okay, good girl, fit check. I mean, imagine, we knew that mass I mean, imagine, we knew that mass I mean, imagine, we knew that mass starts at 9 a.m., but I don't know that it starts at starts at 9 a.m., but I don't know that it starts at starts at 9 a.m., but I don't know that it starts at 11 a.m., have we just been here? 11 a.m., have we just been here? 11 a.m., have we just been here? What time is it now?   It What time is it now?   It What time is it now?   It will start there at 10:00. I don't know. will start there at 10:00. I don't know. will start there at 10:00. I don't know. At At At 30:00, there won't 30:00, there won't 30:00, there won't even be anyone. even be anyone. even be anyone. We will stay today until we are mixed up. We will stay today until we are mixed up. We will stay today until we are mixed up. What time was it yesterday?   The What time was it yesterday?   The What time was it yesterday?   The time now I feel is time now I feel is time now I feel is not 9 o'clock: I say it is not 9a. not 9 o'clock: I say it is not 9a. not 9 o'clock: I say it is not 9a. Oh, so we've got it figured out, guys. I'm getting confused after thinking about it for hours. What is this? What is this? What is this? What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? That which burns.  and this one wants that has That which burns.  and this one wants that has That which burns.  and this one wants that has m ashwense ashwense ashwense thank God we were able to arrive thank God we were able to arrive thank God we were able to arrive and we have arrived the days have and we have arrived the days have and we have arrived the days have officially started then officially started then officially started then tomorrow I will show you now this tomorrow I will show you now this tomorrow I will show you now this account account account chauro chauro chauro chauro chauro chauro chauro chauro chauro alfu so that we can come and talk to dad alfu so that we can come and talk to dad alfu so that we can come and talk to dad but I spend a lot of time when I am eating, but I spend a lot of time when I am eating, but I spend a lot of time when I am eating, why is it so why is it so why is it so exciting when he exciting when he exciting when he tells me to take the Jag they are there where is tells me to take the Jag they are there where is tells me to take the Jag they are there where is that jug?  Jagiwekwa, that jug?  Jagiwekwa, that jug?  Jagiwekwa, look at the look at the look at the things to buy jugs right now, people, things to buy jugs right now, people, things to buy jugs right now, people, we have come to finish shopping for we have come to finish shopping for we have come to finish shopping for Ramadan and Kwarezma, this sister wants a Ramadan and Kwarezma, this sister wants a Ramadan and Kwarezma, this sister wants a jug for her son, jug for her son, jug for her son, where am I, where am I, where am I, Vanessa Mkinga, wherever you see this video, Vanessa Mkinga, wherever you see this video, Vanessa Mkinga, wherever you see this video, I ask you to buy me an air fryer please, I ask you to buy me an air fryer please, I ask you to buy me an air fryer please, Vanessa Mkinga, if it doesn't help me, if it doesn't help me, if it doesn't help me, people of the vlog, this sister has given me acid medicine, if it doesn't help me, it people of the vlog, this sister has given me acid medicine, if it doesn't help me, it 's really good, let me try it, I will come and 's really good, let me try it, I will come and 's really good, let me try it, I will come and give you a review, give you a review, give you a review, M lakh, M lakh, M lakh, yeah, maybe it will be 5k,000, I'm not so yeah, maybe it will be 5k,000, I'm not so yeah, maybe it will be 5k,000, I'm not so sure.  Let's go find out. What's your reaction?   I'm What's your reaction?   I'm What's your reaction?   I'm surprised because I've never seen a surprised because I've never seen a surprised because I've never seen a yellow watermelon.  It's sweet, yellow watermelon.  It's sweet, yellow watermelon.  It's sweet, bro.  This is sweet, bro.  This is sweet, bro.  This is sweet, oh, it's sweet, oh, it's sweet, oh, it's sweet, sweet like a watermelon. sweet like a watermelon. sweet like a watermelon. Oh, it's a ticket, Oh, it's a ticket, Oh, it's a ticket, but a yellow one.   Yellow but a yellow one.   Yellow but a yellow one.   Yellow .   Let its taste come. its taste come. its taste come. Don't cry now why and yellow as guys I'm the host for today for the as guys I'm the host for today for the as guys I'm the host for today for the fasting and my guests have arrived fasting and my guests have arrived fasting and my guests have arrived beautiful lady beautiful lady beautiful lady welcome to the mansion welcome to the mansion welcome to the mansion thank you thank you thank you welcome to the mansion thank welcome to the mansion thank welcome to the mansion thank you are you are you are you ready to eat iftar iftar you ready to eat iftar iftar you ready to eat iftar iftar which has never happened which has never happened which has never happened why has it not happened this is a fari where did it why has it not happened this is a fari where did it why has it not happened this is a fari where did it come from in heaven come from in heaven come from in heaven Oman chapati ngeke dod ngeke dod ngeke dod then thank you I saw who I saw who I saw who Omari made the songs Omari made the songs Omari made the songs on YouTube so bad I even remembered. on YouTube so bad I even remembered. on YouTube so bad I even remembered. Wow. Thank you so much for the food guys.  We had Thank you so much for the food guys.  We had Thank you so much for the food guys.  We had a nice baby.  Enjoy? a nice baby.  Enjoy? a nice baby.  Enjoy? Yeah.  That's good.  Omar's family. Yeah.  That's good.  Omar's family. Yeah.  That's good.  Omar's family. Mwanga's family.  Thank you very much. Mwanga's family.  Thank you very much. Mwanga's family.  Thank you very much. Very close.  Welcome to our city. Very close.  Welcome to our city. Very close.  Welcome to our city. Next to us we will welcome you.  You don't want Next to us we will welcome you.  You don't want Next to us we will welcome you.  You don't want light, isn't it ahah alf light light in English what's alf light light in English what's alf light light in English what's better even light family family better even light family family better even light family family light I hire you are light light or light I hire you are light light or light I hire you are light light or what does what does what does n't know n't know n't know you know light you know light you know light manga just fresh manga just fresh manga just fresh light why fresh light light is not light why fresh light light is not light why fresh light light is not light what is it light what is it light what is it eh it eh it eh it 's light yourself 's light yourself 's light yourself yourself when you get married yourself when you get married yourself when you get married you change your name kaula na go you change your name kaula na go you change your name kaula na go Mwanga Mwanga Mwanga Omari Mwanga Omari Mwanga Omari Mwanga Paula Mwanga Paula Mwanga Paula Mwanga Who is that Paula's chair?  Amara Amara Who is that Paula's chair?  Amara Amara Who is that Paula's chair?  Amara Amara Omari Wasa is what is written is what is written is what is written Amara Omari Mwanga Amara Omari Mwanga Amara Omari Mwanga nice names every half there is a very hot one that does not burn How mi ya Serena always I like the best mi ya Serena always I like the best mi ya Serena always I like the best that is when I that is when I that is when I lie down I enjoy the banana mzuzo lie down I enjoy the banana mzuzo lie down I enjoy the banana mzuzo there is that baby you taste that like pilau there is that baby you taste that like pilau there is that baby you taste that like pilau pilau I don't know if you pilau I don't know if you pilau I don't know if you tasted it tasted it tasted it Yeah.  Very nice.  Serena is always amazing. Yeah.  Very nice.  Serena is always amazing. Yeah.  Very nice.  Serena is always amazing. Yeah.  The best. Yeah.  The best. Yeah.  The best. Always our best place to have. Amazing.  You say all the you ate today. Amazing.  You say all the you ate today. Amazing.  You say all the you ate today. Gazitam, Tambi Marage, Gazitam, Tambi Marage, Gazitam, Tambi Marage, I like Swahili things. I like Swahili things. I like Swahili things. So I really enjoyed it.  Thank you so much, So I really enjoyed it.  Thank you so much, So I really enjoyed it.  Thank you so much, baby.  I want to thank my mother. baby.  I want to thank my mother. baby.  I want to thank my mother. How are you doing, How are you doing, How are you doing, mom and dad, thank you for the stari. God mom and dad, thank you for the stari. God mom and dad, thank you for the stari. God bless you. Get down to business. Bye guys, meet my family. guys, meet my family. guys, meet my family. This is my baby.  This is my little baby. This is my baby.  This is my little baby. This is my baby.  This is my little baby. Amara says hi. Amara says hi. Amara says hi. Say hi. Say hi. Say hi. Say I'm the little superstar.   He's Say I'm the little superstar.   He's Say I'm the little superstar.   He's breaking those glasses right now, I'm breaking those glasses right now, I'm breaking those glasses right now, I'm telling you. telling you. telling you. We went to knit with my boyfriend. We went to knit with my boyfriend. We went to knit with my boyfriend. Why did my boyfriend stretch?  And she's Why did my boyfriend stretch?  And she's Why did my boyfriend stretch?  And she's never had her hair done at a salon and is being never had her hair done at a salon and is being never had her hair done at a salon and is being followed home every day?  I regretted it. followed home every day?  I regretted it. followed home every day?  I regretted it. Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Okay.  Say hi guys. Okay.  Say hi guys. Okay.  Say hi guys. Say hi.   Don't Say hi.   Don't Say hi.   Don't turn it off.  Why do you want to turn off the lights? turn it off.  Why do you want to turn off the lights? turn it off.  Why do you want to turn off the lights? She's a hater. She's a hater. She's a hater. Then he didn't want us to sit down.  He Then he didn't want us to sit down.  He Then he didn't want us to sit down.  He wanted us to dance while we were standing and yet, oh wanted us to dance while we were standing and yet, oh wanted us to dance while we were standing and yet, oh my, he kept bothering us and crying.  Oh, my, he kept bothering us and crying.  Oh, my, he kept bothering us and crying.  Oh, Amari, he knew how to straighten me out.  We had to Amari, he knew how to straighten me out.  We had to Amari, he knew how to straighten me out.  We had to go to Fahal's place so that the princess go to Fahal's place so that the princess go to Fahal's place so that the princess would stop bothering us. would stop bothering us. would stop bothering us. Amara is a food.  In other words, when the chips came, Amara is a food.  In other words, when the chips came, Amara is a food.  In other words, when the chips came, he completely forgot that he was being teased and he completely forgot that he was being teased and he completely forgot that he was being teased and calmed down. calmed down. calmed down. Tell me your mother without saying it. Hi Hi Hi bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye.   You say goodbye to your bad behavior.  Why do you your bad behavior.  Why do you your bad behavior.  Why do you mean tell him kiss kiss kiss om bye om bye om bye kiss kiss kiss kiss. Hey five five five baby fingers. baby fingers. baby fingers. Okay, then, then, okay, show me your mouth.  Show me your okay, show me your mouth.  Show me your okay, show me your mouth.  Show me your mouth.  Show me your ears.  Ears mouth.  Show me your ears.  Ears mouth.  Show me your ears.  Ears head. head. head. Noss. Noss. Noss. Good girl eyes. Good girl eyes. Good girl eyes. Head, Head, Head, nose, mouth, ears.  Yay.  Shoulders nose, mouth, ears.  Yay.  Shoulders nose, mouth, ears.  Yay.  Shoulders shoulder. Come on, gang. Come on, gang. Come on, gang. Here we were finished.  I was Here we were finished.  I was Here we were finished.  I was trying to snap him but he was trying to snap him but he was trying to snap him but he was surprised by the light.  But thank you, surprised by the light.  But thank you, surprised by the light.  But thank you, Jandro. Jandro. Jandro. I hope you enjoyed our recap.  See you I hope you enjoyed our recap.  See you I hope you enjoyed our recap.  See you tomorrow. tomorrow. tomorrow. I've seen so many people I've seen so many people I've seen so many people wanting me to play a prank.  So I start wanting me to play a prank.  So I start wanting me to play a prank.  So I start pranking Mrs. Amara.  I tell him I came pranking Mrs. Amara.  I tell him I came pranking Mrs. Amara.  I tell him I came home and found Amara with a sign. home and found Amara with a sign. home and found Amara with a sign. His sister hit him, I mean I saw her on His sister hit him, I mean I saw her on His sister hit him, I mean I saw her on camera hitting him or squeezing him or whatever, a camera hitting him or squeezing him or whatever, a camera hitting him or squeezing him or whatever, a lie, that is, it will happen right there while I'm lie, that is, it will happen right there while I'm lie, that is, it will happen right there while I'm hitting him.  So let's go and call him. hitting him.  So let's go and call him. hitting him.  So let's go and call him. I've put on Mara lipstick here. I've put on Mara lipstick here. I've put on Mara lipstick here. His grandmother doesn't really believe he's done His grandmother doesn't really believe he's done His grandmother doesn't really believe he's done anything.  Now I don't know whether to say he's been squeezed, I don't know anything.  Now I don't know whether to say he's been squeezed, I don't know anything.  Now I don't know whether to say he's been squeezed, I don't know .  Let me call his wife, .  Let me call his wife, .  Let me call his wife, guys.  She's calling. What has Amani suffered? What has Amani suffered? What has Amani suffered? Oh, not this one, but he left it Oh, not this one, but he left it Oh, not this one, but he left it on the stairs himself. on the stairs himself. on the stairs himself. But what am I not forbidding you guys? But what am I not forbidding you guys? But what am I not forbidding you guys? If you tell me, someone will answer me, I If you tell me, someone will answer me, I If you tell me, someone will answer me, I will kill this Maka. will kill this Maka. will kill this Maka. What does he answer you? What does he answer you? What does he answer you? He tells me now that the person himself is struggling, what should I do He tells me now that the person himself is struggling, what should I do He tells me now that the person himself is struggling, what should I do ? ? ? Really, guys, if they say that a child is Really, guys, if they say that a child is Really, guys, if they say that a child is struggling, struggling, struggling, I myself am surprised. I myself am surprised. You are the one who says that a child is struggling. You are the one who says that a child is struggling. You are the one who says that a child is struggling. When a child is struggling, you are the one who says that a child is struggling. When a child is struggling, you know, you have to When a child is struggling, you are the one who says that a child is struggling. When a child is struggling, you know, you have to look at him. You are the one who says that he is struggling. That is, he is really struggling. That is, he is struggling. Now, he is struggling. There is no look at him. You are the one who says that he is struggling. That is, he is really struggling. That is, he is struggling. Now, he is struggling. There is no doubt about that. There is no doubt that a child is doubt about that. There is no doubt that a child is doubt about that. There is no doubt that a child is struggling. What is he doing on the stairs? He struggling. What is he doing on the stairs? He struggling. What is he doing on the stairs? He must leave every day. I say, don't leave a child every day. I say, don't leave a child every day. I say, don't leave a child on the stairs. No, not in sight. I send a voice note. Guys, send a voice note. Wait, voice note. Guys, send a voice note. Wait, voice note. Guys, send a voice note. Wait, what is his job if a child is what is his job if a child is what is his job if a child is struggling? What does it mean if someone is struggling with struggling? What does it mean if someone is struggling with struggling? What does it mean if someone is struggling with his job, watching a child, then the his job, watching a child, then the his job, watching a child, then the child has defeated him. Just wait. I will tell him child has defeated him. Just wait. I will tell him child has defeated him. Just wait. I will tell him that it's a prank. He is very panicked. Let me call him. that it's a prank. He is very panicked. Let me call him. It's a prank. He will answer like this. It's a prank. will answer like this. It's a prank. will answer like this. It's a prank. Tell him it's a prank. Baby, how many times have Tell him it's a prank. Baby, how many times have Tell him it's a prank. Baby, how many times have they put lipstick on me? Talk like this. Talk like this. Talk like this. Do you know how many people have you shocked? How Do you know how many people have you shocked? How Do you know how many people have you shocked? How many sisters? many sisters? many sisters? You know how many people you've let down but You know how many people you've let down but You know how many people you've let down but how many sisters were shaking here how many sisters were shaking here how many sisters were shaking here and I'll tell them, answer me, tell me now he was and I'll tell them, answer me, tell me now he was and I'll tell them, answer me, tell me now he was bothering me, what should I do now, bothering me, what should I do now, bothering me, what should I do now, what's wrong with you, you, don't do this again, what's wrong with you, you, don't do this again, what's wrong with you, you, don't do this again, hey besties, so today is a photoshoot, hey besties, so today is a photoshoot, hey besties, so today is a photoshoot, as you all know, he is a brand ambassador as you all know, he is a brand ambassador as you all know, he is a brand ambassador for Real Moment Studios, I will put them on for Real Moment Studios, I will put them on for Real Moment Studios, I will put them on their Instagram so you can take them and their Instagram so you can take them and their Instagram so you can take them and your children to take pictures, so he went to take your children to take pictures, so he went to take your children to take pictures, so he went to take pictures of Ramadan, pictures of Ramadan, pictures of Ramadan, but I was afraid to go with him but I was afraid to go with him but I was afraid to go with him because if because if because if he sees you shaking, he will be very worried and I he sees you shaking, he will be very worried and I he sees you shaking, he will be very worried and I knew he would cry, we don't want to take knew he would cry, we don't want to take knew he would cry, we don't want to take pictures.  So Uncle Shan went ahead with pictures.  So Uncle Shan went ahead with pictures.  So Uncle Shan went ahead with his sister, then later I said let me his sister, then later I said let me his sister, then later I said let me just go, but by the time I arrived, he just go, but by the time I arrived, he just go, but by the time I arrived, he had already finished shooting. had already finished shooting. had already finished shooting. After that, we went to Dalia's After that, we went to Dalia's After that, we went to Dalia's to buy her some clothes because most of her clothes to buy her some clothes because most of her clothes to buy her some clothes because most of her clothes were starting to fall off, along were starting to fall off, along were starting to fall off, along with her shoes.  So let me show you how with her shoes.  So let me show you how with her shoes.  So let me show you how the whole day went. take this one take this one and I'm embarrassed, man, soon in our kids outfit store, man, soon in our kids outfit store, man, soon in our kids outfit store, my customer, this Paula, imagine my customer, this Paula, imagine my customer, this Paula, imagine before she even gave birth, when she just got before she even gave birth, when she just got before she even gave birth, when she just got her friend, she opened the gift, it's for her friend, she opened the gift, it's for her friend, she opened the gift, it's for Dalia, who was born, now we're shopping Dalia, who was born, now we're shopping Dalia, who was born, now we're shopping all the way from the nursery to now, all the clothes, all the way from the nursery to now, all the clothes, all the way from the nursery to now, all the clothes, hey my loves, it's another beautiful day, hey my loves, it's another beautiful day, hey my loves, it's another beautiful day, today I want to go visit today I want to go visit today I want to go visit my friend, she has given birth, so I want to go my friend, she has given birth, so I want to go my friend, she has given birth, so I want to go see the baby and send her a gift, but see the baby and send her a gift, but see the baby and send her a gift, but man, forehead, mamchakanga, man, forehead, mamchakanga, man, forehead, mamchakanga, amara, her father, and her mother-in-law, but I amara, her father, and her mother-in-law, but I amara, her father, and her mother-in-law, but I came to discover today that I have a mother-in-law, but came to discover today that I have a mother-in-law, but came to discover today that I have a mother-in-law, but anyways, anyways, anyways, my dress is fromel stylist, my dress is fromel stylist, my dress is fromel stylist, she ate on this dress, but the mother wants to be blamed, man. This is today's post, I don't even know how This is today's post, I don't even know how This is today's post, I don't even know how I got it, but anyway, I've already gone out I got it, but anyway, I've already gone out I got it, but anyway, I've already gone out to see the baby, congratulations my to see the baby, congratulations my to see the baby, congratulations my friends, but my friend did friends, but my friend did friends, but my friend did n't want to be criticized in the first place n't want to be criticized in the first place n't want to be criticized in the first place because she hasn't posted yet that she gave birth because she hasn't posted yet that she gave birth because she hasn't posted yet that she gave birth or that she was pregnant. or that she was pregnant. or that she was pregnant. But anyways I'm happy I met the child But anyways I'm happy I met the child But anyways I'm happy I met the child I wish the family would go back to being small like that right now it I wish the family would go back to being small like that right now it I wish the family would go back to being small like that right now it 's a mess 's a mess 's a mess I arrived in Serena at this time my father has I arrived in Serena at this time my father has I arrived in Serena at this time my father has come to Dar es Salaam he's working in Arusha come to Dar es Salaam he's working in Arusha come to Dar es Salaam he's working in Arusha so I haven't seen him for almost four months he just so I haven't seen him for almost four months he just so I haven't seen him for almost four months he just arrived I want to go arrived I want to go arrived I want to go see him.  I'm so excited. see him.  I'm so excited. see him.  I'm so excited. Let's go see the handsome old man. What's up Mr.   a little lower like this just took the wind little lower like this just took the wind little lower like this just took the wind I just told her we are called hearts right by the river right now you we are called hearts right by the river right now you we are called hearts right by the river right now you won't understand until it's over won't understand until it's over won't understand until it's over hi bes hi bes hi bes hi hi hi so this lady here ran away from me almost so this lady here ran away from me almost so this lady here ran away from me almost three days she traveled we will show in three days she traveled we will show in three days she traveled we will show in the next vlogger where did she go and the next vlogger where did she go and the next vlogger where did she go and what did she go to do?  I haven't seen him for three days, what did she go to do?  I haven't seen him for three days, what did she go to do?  I haven't seen him for three days, and I mean, not seeing him for three days is and I mean, not seeing him for three days is and I mean, not seeing him for three days is not normal, I feel sick.  So I not normal, I feel sick.  So I not normal, I feel sick.  So I told him, let's catch up and go on a date. told him, let's catch up and go on a date. told him, let's catch up and go on a date. But hey, Frida is in love But hey, Frida is in love But hey, Frida is in love but she's not, that is, she does but she's not, that is, she does but she's not, that is, she does n't know about Amara, Fida doesn't know about Paula, that's how it n't know about Amara, Fida doesn't know about Paula, that's how it n't know about Amara, Fida doesn't know about Paula, that's how it works.  Two days works.  Two days works.  Two days ago my son was very upset and had a fever ago my son was very upset and had a fever ago my son was very upset and had a fever so I told him because he was sick so I told him because he was sick so I told him because he was sick he said sorry and hung up the phone listen let me he said sorry and hung up the phone listen let me he said sorry and hung up the phone listen let me tell you that I didn't hang up the tell you that I didn't hang up the tell you that I didn't hang up the phone yesterday I don't like how often he breaks the same phone yesterday I don't like how often he breaks the same phone yesterday I don't like how often he breaks the same thing because thing because thing because he cries a lot this is not the he cries a lot this is not the he cries a lot this is not the first time because he gets fever he is bothered every day we put the same thing on him so first time because he gets fever he is bothered every day we put the same thing on him so I don't like not hugging him he cries like that I feel sorry for him I don't like not hugging him he cries like that I feel sorry for him I don't like not hugging him he cries like that I feel sorry for him every day when he hugs you don't you know every day when he hugs you don't you know eh I feel sorry for him I see that he is suffering he is hurting that's eh I feel sorry for him I see that he is suffering he is hurting that's eh I feel sorry for him I see that he is suffering he is hurting that's why why why I hung up my phone my mistake I didn't do it again I hung up my phone my mistake I didn't do it again I hung up my phone my mistake I didn't do it again but you know I care about them a but you know I care about them a but you know I care about them a lot and I love them lot and I love them lot and I love them imagine I told them here let's go on a date she imagine I told them here let's go on a date she imagine I told them here let's go on a date she came with her husband i.e. here he has came with her husband i.e. here he has came with her husband i.e. here he has only left for a minute only left for a minute only left for a minute now he has said he can't live without me sir no because I was with him I am in the sir no because I was with him I am in the sir no because I was with him I am in the city there are things we were doing city there are things we were doing city there are things we were doing there he is escorting the bank there he is escorting the bank there he is escorting the bank Now I had to tell him to just let us go eat and Now I had to tell him to just let us go eat and Now I had to tell him to just let us go eat and go home. go home. go home. But anyway, no problem, I know But anyway, no problem, I know But anyway, no problem, I know my place.  I know my place.  I know my place.  I know the place exists.  But anyway, we came the place exists.  But anyway, we came the place exists.  But anyway, we came here to eat.  The place is very beautiful. here to eat.  The place is very beautiful. here to eat.  The place is very beautiful. You mean a lot to me.  The view is nice. You mean a lot to me.  The view is nice. You mean a lot to me.  The view is nice. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you more. I love you more. I love you more. You are my soul.  You are You are my soul.  You are You are my soul.  You are my favorite.  My life without you is my favorite.  My life without you is my favorite.  My life without you is impossible.  And it's impossible.   I impossible.  And it's impossible.   I impossible.  And it's impossible.   I 've figured it out, I know 've figured it out, I know 've figured it out, I know even Rajabu himself knows, he tells me even Rajabu himself knows, he tells me even Rajabu himself knows, he tells me that you are everything and then he is the one who that you are everything and then he is the one who that you are everything and then he is the one who follows, so follows, so follows, so guys, guys, guys, the place here is very nice, the view the place here is very nice, the view the place here is very nice, the view around, play like an Indian, now play like an Indian, now play like an Indian, now play that, I'm serious, you know, how do I play? play that, I'm serious, you know, how do I play? We play with that outfit, you'll look good.  One, We play with that outfit, you'll look good.  One, We play with that outfit, you'll look good.  One, two, three.  Let's go. two, three.  Let's go. two, three.  Let's go. Hey, a little further down, Hey, a little further down, Hey, a little further down, Kajala, Kajala, Kajala, my aunt has arrived here, we were my aunt has arrived here, we were my aunt has arrived here, we were waiting for her to eat iftar together. waiting for her to eat iftar together. waiting for her to eat iftar together. Mom, can you see my aunt? Mom, can you see my aunt? Mom, can you see my aunt? I see him.  Why are you blaming me? I see him.  Why are you blaming me? I see him.  Why are you blaming me? I myself don't understand. I myself don't understand. I myself don't understand. Why don't you have anything, sir? Why don't you have anything, sir? Why don't you have anything, sir? That is, until we find you and caress you. That is, until we find you and caress you. That is, until we find you and caress you. Who are you?  Princesses of the garden. Who are you?  Princesses of the garden. Who are you?  Princesses of the garden. You're in love, you're in love, I don't understand why You're in love, you're in love, I don't understand why You're in love, you're in love, I don't understand why I'm even looking for you, it's so I'm even looking for you, it's so I'm even looking for you, it's so strange. strange. strange. Are you married? Are you married? Are you married? I'm not a pana.  Because I don't understand, I just see I'm not a pana.  Because I don't understand, I just see I'm not a pana.  Because I don't understand, I just see things on the internet.  I'm things on the internet.  I'm things on the internet.  I'm not s hey not s hey not s hey hi hi hi he we miss you. he we miss you. he we miss you. You've slowed down, man. Yes, by the way, You've slowed down, man. Yes, by the way, You've slowed down, man. Yes, by the way, by the way, I'm aming.  I'm fasting.  I'm by the way, I'm aming.  I'm fasting.  I'm by the way, I'm aming.  I'm fasting.  I'm fasting.  Praying for us fasting.  Praying for us fasting.  Praying for us of course.  Pray for who is praying for you?  Who of course.  Pray for who is praying for you?  Who of course.  Pray for who is praying for you?  Who else?  No one. else?  No one. else?  No one. I pray a lot for my brothers but I miss them so much I pray a lot for my brothers but I miss them so much I pray a lot for my brothers but I miss them so much .  You fast, yes, I do .  You fast, yes, I do .  You fast, yes, I do n't n't n't fast, I'm the only one who fasts, fast, I'm the only one who fasts, fast, I'm the only one who fasts, but mom doesn't fast, you see her but mom doesn't fast, you see her but mom doesn't fast, you see her there, she's drunk, you there, she's drunk, you there, she's drunk, you don't fast, why do you fast me, don't fast, why do you fast me, Paula, you fast, I fast, Paula, you fast, I fast, Paula, you fast, I fast, I said these last ones, my friends, you I said these last ones, my friends, you I said these last ones, my friends, you 're sleeping, I'm skinny, how are you doing? We're just going down and we see her. Oh, just going down and we see her. Oh, just going down and we see her. Oh, please come and check the things you said, please come and check the things you said, please come and check the things you said, you've taken my legs away.  Haha. Don't sell me because if you just sell me you know these Don't sell me because if you just sell me you know these Don't sell me because if you just sell me you know these pictures are deleted, man, there are pictures of a van for duumbuka man, there are pictures of a van for duumbuka man, there are pictures of a van for duumbuka in that section, there are games, in that section, there are games, in that section, there are games, I don't know, and the boss sold them to me, I deleted those I don't know, and the boss sold them to me, I deleted those I don't know, and the boss sold them to me, I deleted those pictures and I haven't given them to him until today, they are pictures and I haven't given them to him until today, they are pictures and I haven't given them to him until today, they are good, good, good, he sold them to me, tell him not to sell them to me and here he sold them to me, tell him not to sell them to me and here he sold them to me, tell him not to sell them to me and here I should give him his pictures and say, "Oh my and say, "Oh my god, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, man, what is it or people, even you, no, my friend, show me what he would do, sir. I saw it in Paula, but you talked saw it in Paula, but you talked saw it in Paula, but you talked like you were throwing away like you were throwing away like you were throwing away his soul, you don't know his stuff, he's the his soul, you don't know his stuff, he's the his soul, you don't know his stuff, he's the best, best, best, so today to vision and I was my best for so today to vision and I was my best for so today to vision and I was my best for my my my meat, you're killing me, you're not shang. not shang. not shang. No.   I'm going to Navaza, he takes the bag, he closes it, he enters the room, he gets here, Navaza, he takes the bag, he closes it, he enters the room, he gets here, Navaza, he takes the bag, he closes it, he enters the room, he gets here, bravo, bravo, bravo, we meet, get dressed, we meet, get dressed, we meet, get dressed, okay, Ramadhani Karim, why don't you say something, okay, Ramadhani Karim, why don't you say something, okay, Ramadhani Karim, why don't you say something, children, in children, in children, in fact, among the things you shouldn't fact, among the things you shouldn't fact, among the things you shouldn't forget is to subscribe, forget is to subscribe, forget is to subscribe, subscribe subscribe subscribe or subscribe, or subscribe, or subscribe, oh, oh, oh, what's up, what's up, what's up, our Kajala and Paula channel, and our Kajala and Paula channel, and our Kajala and Paula channel, and continue to see our continue to see our continue to see our daily things because every day we are in daily things because every day we are in daily things because every day we are in this family.  Now, don't confuse the this family.  Now, don't confuse the this family.  Now, don't confuse the name he mentioned.  The name means name he mentioned.  The name means name he mentioned.  The name means YouTube.  This one.  Subscribe.  Subs.  Um YouTube.  This one.  Subscribe.  Subs.  Um YouTube.  This one.  Subscribe.  Subs.  Um the food was really nice and I just want the food was really nice and I just want the food was really nice and I just want to thank my husband for watching my to thank my husband for watching my to thank my husband for watching my eating.  So eating.  So eating.  So I wish Ramadan would continue. I wish Ramadan would continue. I wish Ramadan would continue. Understand?  Because I'm eating healthy Understand?  Because I'm eating healthy Understand?  Because I'm eating healthy and the food was nice.  Or what do you say? and the food was nice.  Or what do you say? and the food was nice.  Or what do you say? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The food was nice. The food was nice. The food was nice. But my wife has just become an But my wife has just become an But my wife has just become an economist.  when it comes to the economy, the lesson on economics will continue because it takes the lesson on economics will continue because it takes the lesson on economics will continue because it takes what we need, we don't have, we don't want to what we need, we don't have, we don't want to what we need, we don't have, we don't want to spend money for some time, we spend money for some time, we spend money for some time, we get rich, so if you want to be rich, you got to get rich, so if you want to be rich, you got to get rich, so if you want to be rich, you got to keep money, you understand, so any keep money, you understand, so any keep money, you understand, so any money comes around, we don't spray out money comes around, we don't spray out money comes around, we don't spray out when we see money, and we don't throw out money, when we see money, and we don't throw out money, when we see money, and we don't throw out money, you understand, like, understand, you understand, like, understand, you understand, like, understand, so we keep it up, so I'm a so we keep it up, so I'm a so we keep it up, so I'm a little stressed out, little stressed out, little stressed out, you say, soon, we'll see you again, you say, soon, we'll see you again, you say, soon, we'll see you again, the food was so amazing, very nice, perfect, the food was so amazing, very nice, perfect, the food was so amazing, very nice, perfect, amazing, I love seafood, amazing, I love seafood, amazing, I love seafood, I went to I went to I went to my place on the prone plate, fish fillet, bye, bye, hi, bye, bye, hi, bye, bye, hi, guys, hi, guys, hi, guys, hi, today, my baby, he's sick, he's caught a cold, he's caught a cold, he's caught a cold, he's caught a cold, he's today, my baby, he's sick, he's caught a cold, he's caught a cold, he's caught a cold, he's caught a cold, he's caught a cold, he's caught a cold, he's caught a cold, he's caught a cold, he's caught a cold, do that to you, okay, caught a cold, he's caught a cold, do that to you, okay, caught a cold, he's caught a cold, do that to you, okay, do it, people, you see, we're going do it, people, you see, we're going do it, people, you see, we're going today, we said we want to today, we said we want to today, we said we want to go and eat seafood lovers, but we're go and eat seafood lovers, but we're go and eat seafood lovers, but we're not going because not going because not going because we always order food when it comes home, we always order food when it comes home, we always order food when it comes home, today we're going there, that is, crying about everything there, today we're going there, that is, crying about everything there, so we told you, this is a so we told you, this is a so we told you, this is a Ramadan blog and for  Rezma, so it's Ramadan blog and for  Rezma, so it's Ramadan blog and for  Rezma, so it's just a break, let's go ahead and just a break, let's go ahead and just a break, let's go ahead and meet, let's meet, let meet, let's meet, let meet, let's meet, let 's go, I would n't have decided, I would have just wronged her, but I have n't have decided, I would have just wronged her, but I have n't have decided, I would have just wronged her, but I have problems, why did I give it to her, we've only arrived at this time, at we've only arrived at this time, at we've only arrived at this time, at 11 o'clock, people 11 o'clock, people 11 o'clock, people are just cleaning, you mother, you are a ghost. are just cleaning, you mother, you are a ghost. are just cleaning, you mother, you are a ghost. Why have we been like this so much, man?  We Why have we been like this so much, man?  We Why have we been like this so much, man?  We Christians always break our fast, unlike Christians always break our fast, unlike Christians always break our fast, unlike Muslims. Muslims. Muslims. This is the first time people are cleaning up This is the first time people are cleaning up This is the first time people are cleaning up this big place. this big place. this big place. What is this? What is this? What is this? Oh, peanut butter. I don't like peanut butter. Oh, peanut butter. I don't like peanut butter. Oh, peanut butter. I don't like peanut butter. Welcome Welcome Welcome to the fast, you know I have the fast, you know I have the fast, you know I have that strong stomach.  What grass?  Oh, what's the that strong stomach.  What grass?  Oh, what's the that strong stomach.  What grass?  Oh, what's the price, price, price, if we take a lot if we take a lot if we take a lot now, because it's a lie, now, because it's a lie, now, because it's a lie, brother, we don't have money, what's this, this brother, we don't have money, what's this, this brother, we don't have money, what's this, this holy month, where do we give money, brother, holy month, where do we give money, brother, holy month, where do we give money, brother, because we all don't have money, because we all don't have money, because we all don't have money, no, brother, reduce people, we take no, brother, reduce people, we take no, brother, reduce people, we take a lot, a lot, a lot, that's why I that's why I that's why I reduced the others by 4000, 4000, that's why reduced the others by 4000, 4000, that's why reduced the others by 4000, 4000, that's why I said no, I'm I said no, I'm I said no, I'm telling you the truth, telling you the truth, telling you the truth, brother, don't do this, life is hard, you, brother, don't do this, life is hard, you, brother, don't do this, life is hard, you, life is hard life is hard life is hard here, we got help from the government, here, we got help from the government, here, we got help from the government, everyone here, not just you, even me, not just you, even me, not just you, even me, life is like life is like life is like that, you know, that, you know, that, you know, I'm raising three children, I'm raising three children, I'm raising three children, brother, you know, you think you know how many brother, you know, you think you know how many brother, you know, you think you know how many children, children, children, seven, and their father has abandoned me, it's seven, and their father has abandoned me, it's seven, and their father has abandoned me, it's not not not true, here I am, I'm abandoned, oh, you haven't abandoned me, do true, here I am, I'm abandoned, oh, you haven't abandoned me, do n't lie to me, n't lie to me, n't lie to me, why am I abandoned why am I abandoned why am I abandoned here, I'm looking for someone to marry, help me raise here, I'm looking for someone to marry, help me raise here, I'm looking for someone to marry, help me raise those children, the those children, the those children, the plan is plan is plan is just to come and sell clothes, they're all just to come and sell clothes, they're all just to come and sell clothes, they're all enough, you've been rejected, enough, you've been rejected, enough, you've been rejected, people are cutting me off, then I'll be the second wife, oh, the power, then I'll be the second wife, oh, the power, then I'll be the second wife, oh, the power, because that second wife, I'll be required of everything, because that second wife, I'll be required of everything, because that second wife, I'll be required of everything, you know, that's what, mashallah, what does he really you know, that's what, mashallah, what does he really you know, that's what, mashallah, what does he really get, the first wife, and the second wife, get, the first wife, and the second wife, get, the first wife, and the second wife, get the same, it's get the same, it's get the same, it's hard, what's hard, what's hard, what's hard, first, hard, first, hard, first, this, he rejects me, this, he rejects me, this, he rejects me, tell him I'm a scoundrel, tell him I'm a scoundrel, tell him I'm a scoundrel, now you think you're poor, now you think you're poor, now you think you're poor, I'm telling you the truth, I'm telling you the truth, I'm telling you the truth, you know the Islamic religious laws are you know the Islamic religious laws are you know the Islamic religious laws are those when you have one wife, when you have two wives, the those when you have one wife, when you have two wives, the those when you have one wife, when you have two wives, the clever Paula clever Paula clever Paula sees serving the truth sees serving the truth sees serving the truth when you have two wives, that is, what you give to the when you have two wives, that is, what you give to the when you have two wives, that is, what you give to the first wife and the second wife, you have to give her that, that, that, if first wife and the second wife, you have to give her that, that, that, if you deny you deny you deny her this, you are not here, we do her this, you are not here, we do her this, you are not here, we do n't have A. n't have A. n't have A. Helaima Helaima Helaima will be a disaster. Good morning, I don't know if I'll breastfeed you, I Good morning, I don't know if I'll breastfeed you, I Good morning, I don't know if I'll breastfeed you, I don't know when. I'm don't know when. I'm don't know when. I'm telling you that I'm telling you that I'm telling you that I'm fasting, I'm only fasting on the third day, that is, I'm holding my fasting, I'm only fasting on the third day, that is, I'm holding my fasting, I'm only fasting on the third day, that is, I'm holding my neck, I was neck, I was neck, I was watching the children. How much? How much? How much? LI is perfect LI is perfect LI is perfect but the family can pay you a but the family can pay you a but the family can pay you a million so you don't get that many I many I many I don't know my requests so if you don't get that don't know my requests so if you don't get that don't know my requests so if you don't get that many you give me let us know it's me my requests us know it's me my requests us know it's me my requests 20 thousand we bring it guys 20 thousand we bring it guys 20 thousand we bring it guys today I got today I got today I got what is coming coming guys what is coming coming guys what is coming coming guys today I got a visit here at today I got a visit here at today I got a visit here at my shop they have come to Masupar two guys a mother my shop they have come to Masupar two guys a mother my shop they have come to Masupar two guys a mother and her child I mean I am very happy and her child I mean I am very happy and her child I mean I am very happy I mean I am very happy I mean it doesn't seem like they are I mean I am very happy I mean it doesn't seem like they are I mean I am very happy I mean it doesn't seem like they are thieves but today he paid me today he paid thieves but today he paid me today he paid thieves but today he paid me today he paid guys the other day they ran away with guys the other day they ran away with guys the other day they ran away with my money. my money. my money. So I'm so happy.  I'm so guys behind the So I'm so happy.  I'm so guys behind the So I'm so happy.  I'm so guys behind the camera Sean Shawi.  Guys, don't forget to camera Sean Shawi.  Guys, don't forget to camera Sean Shawi.  Guys, don't forget to subscribe, guys, if you get this money for subscribe, guys, if you get this money for subscribe, guys, if you get this money for YouTube, bring me some besties. Ramadhan Karim YouTube, bring me some besties. Ramadhan Karim YouTube, bring me some besties. Ramadhan Karim for a good rest, guys, forgive me, I have a for a good rest, guys, forgive me, I have a for a good rest, guys, forgive me, I have a cold.  So I was sitting and discussing cold.  So I was sitting and discussing cold.  So I was sitting and discussing with my family, my baby, and my with my family, my baby, and my with my family, my baby, and my mother.   I mother.   I mother.   I kept saying that I wanted to have an iftar where kept saying that I wanted to have an iftar where kept saying that I wanted to have an iftar where I would be feeding I would be feeding I would be feeding orphans and some of my orphans and some of my orphans and some of my close friends.  At first I wanted to do it at close friends.  At first I wanted to do it at close friends.  At first I wanted to do it at home, but we realized the space was small home, but we realized the space was small home, but we realized the space was small and the number of people was large.  So right now and the number of people was large.  So right now and the number of people was large.  So right now we've come here to Mwenge, there's a garden, we've come here to Mwenge, there's a garden, we've come here to Mwenge, there's a garden, we've found a decoy to we've found a decoy to we've found a decoy to do the measurements, as you can see the place do the measurements, as you can see the place do the measurements, as you can see the place is beautiful, very cutesy.  Meshani told me is beautiful, very cutesy.  Meshani told me is beautiful, very cutesy.  Meshani told me you will get tired of this cute but I don't care. you will get tired of this cute but I don't care. you will get tired of this cute but I don't care. It's cute.  So we came to measure and It's cute.  So we came to measure and It's cute.  So we came to measure and arrange the whole process.  This one here is arrange the whole process.  This one here is arrange the whole process.  This one here is called Pvin, he is the person who will be called Pvin, he is the person who will be called Pvin, he is the person who will be decorating to decorating to decorating to make sure everything is going well. make sure everything is going well. make sure everything is going well. Trust Trust Trust me, I will disappoint, everything will be on me, I will disappoint, everything will be on me, I will disappoint, everything will be on point, I will see for myself.  Everything will point, I will see for myself.  Everything will point, I will see for myself.  Everything will be as discussed. be as discussed. be as discussed. Okay. Okay. Okay. Bye. Bye. Bye. The first is rain.  That is, let's be realistic, it The first is rain.  That is, let's be realistic, it The first is rain.  That is, let's be realistic, it may rain but it is possible that it will not rain that may rain but it is possible that it will not rain that may rain but it is possible that it will not rain that day, it rained day, it rained day, it rained yesterday, we are catching it like this if yesterday, we are catching it like this if yesterday, we are catching it like this if there is moisture, moisture, there is moisture, moisture, there is moisture, moisture, now you will still want people to put it somewhere to sit now you will still want people to put it somewhere to sit now you will still want people to put it somewhere to sit down, down, down, that is the first mistake and another thing that is the first mistake and another thing that is the first mistake and another thing about the tent, you still want a tent, I still want about the tent, you still want a tent, I still want about the tent, you still want a tent, I still want trust, sorry, I want trust, I do trust, sorry, I want trust, I do trust, sorry, I want trust, I do n't even understand there, that is, the rain may not n't even understand there, that is, the rain may not n't even understand there, that is, the rain may not rain, I just pray that it will rain, not rain, rain, I just pray that it will rain, not rain, rain, I just pray that it will rain, not rain, now that is the example, it has rained, it has rained, I now that is the example, it has rained, it has rained, I now that is the example, it has rained, it has rained, I see it as okay see it as okay see it as okay now, if the tent is put in, it will destroy now, if the tent is put in, it will destroy now, if the tent is put in, it will destroy that, who do you want, you or the tent that, who do you want, you or the tent that, who do you want, you or the tent will be on standby will be on standby will be on standby or will it just be a tent if it has been sitting, you can call and put it in, it will be closed, it will go you can call and put it in, it will be closed, it will go you can call and put it in, it will be closed, it will go into the trust, that is, it will be closed, into the trust, that is, it will be closed, into the trust, that is, it will be closed, which is a little bit, but we will look at the which is a little bit, but we will look at the which is a little bit, but we will look at the example of the people starting maybe at 12 o'clock, example of the people starting maybe at 12 o'clock, example of the people starting maybe at 12 o'clock, people will start to people will start to people will start to or we will see if tomorrow, the 13th, or we will see if tomorrow, the 13th, or we will see if tomorrow, the 13th, look at the arrival of the 11th, right now, look at the arrival of the 11th, right now, look at the arrival of the 11th, right now, you know, you may be surprised, it has rained, it has rained, you know, you may be surprised, it has rained, it has rained, you know, you may be surprised, it has rained, it has rained, maybe what to do, even if they start at maybe what to do, even if they start at maybe what to do, even if they start at 11 o'clock, already, that is, 11 o'clock, yours at 10 o'clock, 11 o'clock, 11 o'clock, already, that is, 11 o'clock, yours at 10 o'clock, 11 o'clock, 11 o'clock, already, that is, 11 o'clock, yours at 10 o'clock, 11 o'clock, we are looking at the hours at 9 o'clock, we are looking at the hours at 9 o'clock, we are looking at the hours at 9 o'clock, 10 o'clock, the weather  How is it 10 o'clock, the weather  How is it 10 o'clock, the weather  How is it today when because today when because today when because today frid the sixth today frid the sixth today frid the sixth that day thursday thursday it will rain that day thursday thursday it will rain that day thursday thursday it will rain they said they said they said let me let me let me I want because already the place is space I want because already the place is space I want because already the place is space has a big space we would put has a big space we would put has a big space we would put people entering they see it really people entering they see it really people entering they see it really like this there is like this there is like this there is m I like it here because the big space m I like it here because the big space m I like it here because the big space people will do well people will do well people will do well they will leave themselves well they will leave themselves well they will leave themselves well I see and this mira this I see and this mira this I see and this mira this mra things of brid shabab not bana you mra things of brid shabab not bana you mra things of brid shabab not bana you will be paid there is will be paid there is will be paid there is no truth you chose this you remember no truth you chose this you remember no truth you chose this you remember eh let's do this this this eh let's do this this this eh let's do this this this here this here this here this here here here eh eh eh this this this eh eh eh now this here will be similar to the now this here will be similar to the now this here will be similar to the outside entrance we will be there will be no difference the outside entrance we will be there will be no difference the outside entrance we will be there will be no difference the outside we put we put and I cried right now the inside should and I cried right now the inside should and I cried right now the inside should look like this then again and inside you must look like this then again and inside you must look like this then again and inside you must suspect suspect suspect eh then let me look at this this this this this eh then let me look at this this this this this is a tent those is a tent those is a tent those arabic tents they tie tarpaulin on m arabic tents they tie tarpaulin on m arabic tents they tie tarpaulin on m m m m but it has stayed well even if it rains but it has stayed well even if it rains but it has stayed well even if it rains or what do you think the or what do you think the or what do you think the rain we have rejected in the name of Jesus there is no rain rain there is no rain we have rejected in the name of Jesus there is no rain rain there is no sindio sindio sindio eh eh eh hi guys so tomorrow isedday and that is the day hi guys so tomorrow isedday and that is the day hi guys so tomorrow isedday and that is the day I am going to remove the orphan eh I am going to remove the orphan eh I am going to remove the orphan eh I got stressed guys so that everything I got stressed guys so that everything I got stressed guys so that everything will be okay m my head is burning  mots will be okay m my head is burning  mots will be okay m my head is burning  mots I pray that tomorrow will be a good day that everything I pray that tomorrow will be a good day that everything I pray that tomorrow will be a good day that everything I planned can happen right now I planned can happen right now I planned can happen right now you put him in the salon so that he can prepare you put him in the salon so that he can prepare you put him in the salon so that he can prepare for tomorrow and iftar then for tomorrow and iftar then for tomorrow and iftar then I will go and pick up dad and get him a coat and I will go and pick up dad and get him a coat and I will go and pick up dad and get him a coat and I will go buy my clothes so today I I will go buy my clothes so today I I will go buy my clothes so today I have to do all the preparations let's have to do all the preparations let's have to do all the preparations let's go eat because he is applying makeup when he is applying Rashelewana ham those clothes are there those clothes are there those clothes are there eh I just left him at the salon at this time I came for a coat because a coat, man I came for a man I came for a man I came for a coat mall coat mall coat mall I came for a coat mall to pick up dad and get him a I came for a coat mall to pick up dad and get him a I came for a coat mall to pick up dad and get him a coat so let's go at this time I'm wearing my coat so let's go at this time I'm wearing my coat so let's go at this time I'm wearing my favorite cloth favorite cloth favorite cloth ch ch ch kivchanuk kivchanuk kivchanuk let's wear it again I showed him the big one first big one first big one first not those sir not those sir not those sir eh eh eh now those are the ones that are a now those are the ones that are a now those are the ones that are a problem at this time these are the problems enough dread but he has braided he has braided going dread but he has braided he has braided going dread but he has braided he has braided going back back back is one his hair we braided his we braided is one his hair we braided his we braided is one his hair we braided his we braided his hair the his hair the his hair the first ones they give him the first ones they give him the first ones they give him the phone he has phone he has phone he has gone a gone a gone a little further you have grown little further you have grown little further you have grown smaller smaller smaller with you and I was wanting me to take this to look I was wanting me to take this to look I was wanting me to take this to look between these two these are not very big at this time these are the times I don't know. times I don't know. times I don't know. No.  Width and height?  No, not 20 strict fasts. strict fasts. strict fasts. Very dangerous. dangerous. dangerous. And that's the first time my And that's the first time my And that's the first time my head hurts. head hurts. head hurts. Why are you looking at me like that? They would find me a seat, I feel faint.   I'll stay They would find me a seat, I feel faint.   I'll stay They would find me a seat, I feel faint.   I'll stay here.   I 'm going to check out the venue.  I just came here to 'm going to check out the venue.  I just came here to 'm going to check out the venue.  I just came here to check out the gay Kidawa.   A check out the gay Kidawa.   A check out the gay Kidawa.   A drug addict is waiting for her to drug addict is waiting for her to drug addict is waiting for her to come home. She likes princess come home. She likes princess come home. She likes princess treatment. This is the one I'm at the gay. treatment. This is the one I'm at the gay. treatment. This is the one I'm at the gay. I'm waiting for her to come. I'm waiting for her to come. I'm waiting for her to come. Then let's go and see if she's finished braiding. Then let's go and see if she's finished braiding. Why are you waiting so much? You want to be followed Why are you waiting so much? You want to be followed Why are you waiting so much? You want to be followed here. Why aren't you ashamed? Why aren't you ashamed? Why aren't you ashamed? I came by school bus. School bus is not a I came by school bus. School bus is not a I came by school bus. School bus is not a little bit. It's little bit. It's little bit. It's time for iftar. Hey, I've finished time for iftar. Hey, I've finished time for iftar. Hey, I've finished preparing everything. I followed Amara to the salon. preparing everything. I followed Amara to the salon. preparing everything. I followed Amara to the salon. So we came. It's time for iftar. This is the hour. So we came. It's time for iftar. This is the hour. So we came. It's time for iftar. This is the hour. We're still waiting. We've always been there. We're just here. We're still waiting. We've always been there. We're just here. When I When I When I eat myself, Amara put a lot of peppers on me. I've grown up. put a lot of peppers on me. I've grown up. put a lot of peppers on me. I've grown up. Why did you put peppers on me? She Why did you put peppers on me? She Why did you put peppers on me? She likes peppers. And I told them that they likes peppers. And I told them that they likes peppers. And I told them that they like peppers. She was surprised. I put them like peppers. She was surprised. I put them on the Nisa chapati. She was surprised. No, you put them on the Nisa chapati. She was surprised. No, you put them on the Nisa chapati. She was surprised. No, you put them on the salad. I told her that she likes peppers. I'm asking you to I told her that she likes peppers. I'm asking you to I told her that she likes peppers. I'm asking you to return them. You'll be returned. return them. You'll be returned. return them. You'll be returned. Bring them on the chapati. You're a sinner. It must have been too late. Bring them on the chapati. You're a sinner. It must have been too late. Bring them on the chapati. You're a sinner. It must have been too late. That's what this brother said. Why is That's what this brother said. Why is That's what this brother said. Why is iftar here? Hey, it's very beautiful. 10 times. You look great with your hair. Oh. This is a mango. This is a mango. This is a mango. This is a mango from the back.  Then this is bungo This is a mango from the back.  Then this is bungo This is a mango from the back.  Then this is bungo spice spice spice which is all called Mexican fruit which is all called Mexican fruit which is all called Mexican fruit which includes which includes which includes mango, mango, chali and bungo mango, mango, chali and bungo mango, mango, chali and bungo but you put it on top with a popsicle of ice but you put it on top with a popsicle of ice but you put it on top with a popsicle of ice cream on a stick, the zen and the sauce is cream on a stick, the zen and the sauce is cream on a stick, the zen and the sauce is complete with its name called complete with its name called complete with its name called Mexican Fruit. It Mexican Fruit. It Mexican Fruit. It 's amazing. We are very full. 's amazing. We are very full. 's amazing. We are very full. Congratulations to Paula Congratulations to Paula Congratulations to Paula Kajala. So shoutout to them. Kajala. So shoutout to them. Kajala. So shoutout to them. Iftar has been amazing. That's the Iftar has been amazing. That's the Iftar has been amazing. That's the big thing. We enjoy. We are happy. big thing. We enjoy. We are happy. big thing. We enjoy. We are happy. Good music. Good music. Good music. Very clean. What kind of food is it? Very clean. What kind of food is it? Very clean. What kind of food is it? Tell us. Tell us. Tell us. Good food. Delicious. Yummy. Good food. Delicious. Yummy. Everything is good. Everything is good. Everything is good. Who am I talking to? Floyish. So, how's the food? So, how's the food? So, how's the food? Delicious.  The aroma is amazing. Delicious.  The aroma is amazing. Delicious.  The aroma is amazing. Everything is just fantastic.  Oh my god. Everything is just fantastic.  Oh my god. Everything is just fantastic.  Oh my god. The taste is The taste is The taste is perfect, right?  Perfect.  Everything. Yo, Nasa Kitchen, how are you doing? Yo, Nasa Kitchen, how are you doing? Yo, Nasa Kitchen, how are you doing? I'm fine.  How are you? I'm fine.  How are you? I'm fine.  How are you? I'm good.  So, how's the food? I'm good.  So, how's the food? I'm good.  So, how's the food? The food is nice. When can I eat because The food is nice. When can I eat because The food is nice. When can I eat because I've been hungry for a long time?  But the food I've been hungry for a long time?  But the food I've been hungry for a long time?  But the food is so nice.  Kisses to the chef. is so nice.  Kisses to the chef. is so nice.  Kisses to the chef. All of the things you're eating right All of the things you're eating right All of the things you're eating right now.  What's your favorite? now.  What's your favorite? now.  What's your favorite? These are bananas because they are soft. These are bananas because they are soft. These are bananas because they are soft. You know I have a lot of bananas. You know I have a lot of bananas. You know I have a lot of bananas. Okay, really, he's closing. really, he's closing. really, he's closing. I'm closing I'm closing I'm closing you, you, you, now you have to start closing. now you have to start closing. now you have to start closing. Count.  Eh, I mean, I just knew it Count.  Eh, I mean, I just knew it Count.  Eh, I mean, I just knew it was because there was a date for the was because there was a date for the was because there was a date for the songs to be released, I had to move it forward, so we had to songs to be released, I had to move it forward, so we had to songs to be released, I had to move it forward, so we had to set a date, set a date, set a date, what date are you leaving the dance, what date are you leaving the dance, what date are you leaving the dance, then you've moved it forward, wait and then you've moved it forward, wait and then you've moved it forward, wait and count, it's not a combination of count, it's not a combination of count, it's not a combination of Umari, on the road again, or okay, that's why you Umari, on the road again, or okay, that's why you Umari, on the road again, or okay, that's why you don't talk, that's why you don't talk, that's why you don't talk, that's why you don't talk, or I'll steal your secret, or I'll steal your secret, or I'll steal your secret, oh, I'll tell you the oh, I'll tell you the oh, I'll tell you the secret, secret, secret, it was 15 matches, but Eh, I've it was 15 matches, but Eh, I've it was 15 matches, but Eh, I've moved forward a little bit, moved forward a little bit, moved forward a little bit, for the month, for the for the month, for the for the month, for the month, for month, for month, for God's sake, it's not a blessing, and it's not Me. Good bro. Good bro. Good bro. haina haina haina how the food man you enjoying ah sheikhe how the food man you enjoying ah sheikhe how the food man you enjoying ah sheikhe kwama naenjoy brother delicious food eh kwama naenjoy brother delicious food eh kwama naenjoy brother delicious food eh he has decided to give us sustenance and we have got he has decided to give us sustenance and we have got he has decided to give us sustenance and we have got sustenance unco how is it uncle usually unco how is it uncle usually unco how is it uncle usually like a kaa how was dubai first of all how has it been like a kaa how was dubai first of all how has it been like a kaa how was dubai first of all how has it been you ran away. you ran away. you ran away. Oh, what do Muslims say?  Alhamdulillah because it was a Oh, what do Muslims say?  Alhamdulillah because it was a sudden thing, but I thank God for returning sudden thing, but I thank God for returning sudden thing, but I thank God for returning safely with things like this.  We are at home so I am fine.  I like draft tea, meat, I am fine.  I like draft tea, meat, I am fine.  I like draft tea, meat, everything about this food is very good everything about this food is very good everything about this food is very good .  I mean, out of everything, I don't have anything .  I mean, out of everything, I don't have anything .  I mean, out of everything, I don't have anything that stands out above anything else, but that stands out above anything else, but that stands out above anything else, but I'm a big fan of noodles.  Now, these I'm a big fan of noodles.  Now, these I'm a big fan of noodles.  Now, these noodles are called second-hand noodles. noodles are called second-hand noodles. noodles are called second-hand noodles. Yeah.  I really like these, but everything Yeah.  I really like these, but everything Yeah.  I really like these, but everything here on the buffet here on the buffet here on the buffet is crap.  It's for coming, for coming, for coming, we haven't seen each other for a long time, you'll find we haven't seen each other for a long time, you'll find we haven't seen each other for a long time, you'll find another one, come and see us, another one, come and see us, another one, come and see us, baby number two, maybe they'll baby number two, maybe they'll baby number two, maybe they'll give birth to a boy, give birth to a boy, give birth to a boy, in fact, in fact, in fact, let's bring him, I'll take care of him, let's bring him, I'll take care of him, let's bring him, I'll take care of him, because a boy becomes a beast to because a boy becomes a beast to because a boy becomes a beast to steal, steal, steal, okay, where am I? I where am I? I where am I? I told him, Trapenda, he told me, told him, Trapenda, he told me, told him, Trapenda, he told me, they've finished, I told him, I they've finished, I told him, I they've finished, I told him, I haven't seen them yet, I'm late, congratulations, thank you, you're fine, haven't seen them yet, I'm late, congratulations, thank you, you're fine, haven't seen them yet, I'm late, congratulations, thank you, you're fine, old man, old man, old man, thank you for coming, thank you for coming, thank you for coming, I found out this way, maybe there's something more, I found out this way, maybe there's something more, I found out this way, maybe there's something more, I'm just fine, I'm just fine, I'm just fine, okay. okay. okay. Hey, sir, congratulations.  Thank you, cool, congratulations, congratulations on winning congratulations on winning congratulations on winning because you have truly come out, thank you, my love, my love, my love, you are a gift and and and I want it like he I want it like he I want it like he said, but let's go in and blow ourselves up there, sir, these are just idiots, these are just idiots, congratulations, sir, these are just idiots, these are just idiots, congratulations, sir, these are just idiots, these are just idiots, congratulations, thank you, there's a camera here, I'm thank you, there's a camera here, I'm thank you, there's a camera here, I'm telling you, he's just completely trolling me, telling you, he's just completely trolling me, telling you, he's just completely trolling me, say hi to the camera, say hi to the camera, say hi to the camera, man, this is a gossip. Ah. Ya Allah Allah Allah subhanahu Hello.  Hello. We were far away from me, me, me, I loved it, I'm not I loved it, I'm not I loved it, I'm not like we saw you in the picture, I'm not, like we saw you in the picture, I'm not, like we saw you in the picture, I'm not, yes, thank you so much, man, yes, thank you so much, man, yes, thank you so much, man, no, don't be ashamed, I loved everything, no, don't be ashamed, I loved everything, no, don't be ashamed, I loved everything, man, I trusted him and he, man, he man, I trusted him and he, man, he man, I trusted him and he, man, he delivered everything, delivered everything, delivered everything, I'll thank you for this, let me I'll thank you for this, let me I'll thank you for this, let me take a picture first, like a dream, I finished the activity, then I remembered, I finished the activity, then I remembered, I finished the activity, then I remembered, my vlog people today haven't my vlog people today haven't my vlog people today haven't updated and I haven't updated anything, updated and I haven't updated anything, updated and I haven't updated anything, I was putting on makeup, I was I was putting on makeup, I was I was putting on makeup, I was doing my hair, I was late, doing my hair, I was late, doing my hair, I was late, imagine, I got there an hour late, so imagine, I got there an hour late, so imagine, I got there an hour late, so I was doing things, that is, I was doing things, that is, I was doing things, that is, thank you very much to those who came. thank you very much to those who came. thank you very much to those who came. I invited many people yesterday and the day before yesterday, but I invited many people yesterday and the day before yesterday, but I invited many people yesterday and the day before yesterday, but all of them showed up, I'm glad the all of them showed up, I'm glad the all of them showed up, I'm glad the children enjoyed it. children enjoyed it. children enjoyed it. I thank God so much, my case has I thank God so much, my case has I thank God so much, my case has gone exactly as I wanted it to. gone exactly as I wanted it to. gone exactly as I wanted it to. Thank you Real Moments, our Thank you Real Moments, our Thank you Real Moments, our event sponsors.  Thank you Pavin for the record. event sponsors.  Thank you Pavin for the record. event sponsors.  Thank you Pavin for the record. Thank you food lovers for the Thank you food lovers for the Thank you food lovers for the food.  Lady Nadja for food.  Lady Nadja for food.  Lady Nadja for perfume.  Sugar for ice cream and that perfume.  Sugar for ice cream and that perfume.  Sugar for ice cream and that 's another one.  Not for a cocktail.   I 's another one.  Not for a cocktail.   I 's another one.  Not for a cocktail.   I don't think I've forgotten anyone, don't think I've forgotten anyone, don't think I've forgotten anyone, man. I'm sorry but thank you guys. man. I'm sorry but thank you guys. man. I'm sorry but thank you guys. Hey besties it's another beautiful day. Hey besties it's another beautiful day. Hey besties it's another beautiful day. If you remember in my vlog from two If you remember in my vlog from two If you remember in my vlog from two weeks of February, I said that I really love weeks of February, I said that I really love weeks of February, I said that I really love the shoes.  Now, at my iftar the shoes.  Now, at my iftar the shoes.  Now, at my iftar yesterday, I invited him.  When I invited him, yesterday, I invited him.  When I invited him, yesterday, I invited him.  When I invited him, he came, but an emergency occurred and he had to he came, but an emergency occurred and he had to he came, but an emergency occurred and he had to leave early.  So we couldn't leave early.  So we couldn't leave early.  So we couldn't greet each other and couldn't even take a greet each other and couldn't even take a greet each other and couldn't even take a picture.  So I felt really bad.   I picture.  So I felt really bad.   I picture.  So I felt really bad.   I looked for him and told him if he was free, looked for him and told him if he was free, looked for him and told him if he was free, come and have dinner at home. come and have dinner at home. come and have dinner at home. So guess what she's coming.  I can't wait So guess what she's coming.  I can't wait So guess what she's coming.  I can't wait to see her to see her to see her guys, let's tell a story.  So let's wait guys, let's tell a story.  So let's wait guys, let's tell a story.  So let's wait for her. So this is what I'm wearing. So this is what I'm wearing. So this is what I'm wearing. The dress, The dress, The dress, the hair.  Hey guys, I just told you this the hair.  Hey guys, I just told you this the hair.  Hey guys, I just told you this hair band is for sale at Miss Meal.  This hair band is for sale at Miss Meal.  This hair band is for sale at Miss Meal.  This hair band really helps me.  Well, hair band really helps me.  Well, hair band really helps me.  Well, let me show you guys.  Or do you see let me show you guys.  Or do you see let me show you guys.  Or do you see my situation?  But when I wear this hair band, I my situation?  But when I wear this hair band, I my situation?  But when I wear this hair band, I look like a mermaid. look like a mermaid. look like a mermaid. This hair band really helps me This hair band really helps me This hair band really helps me because I don't need to pin my because I don't need to pin my because I don't need to pin my wig.   I mean, wig.   I mean, wig.   I mean, I don't know how to explain it, but it's I don't know how to explain it, but it's I don't know how to explain it, but it's very helpful.  You guys have to buy these very helpful.  You guys have to buy these very helpful.  You guys have to buy these hair bands.  Available at Miss Mina. hair bands.  Available at Miss Mina. hair bands.  Available at Miss Mina. I'm lying here with my underwear on I'm lying here with my underwear on I'm lying here with my underwear on but if I want to go out with but if I want to go out with but if I want to go out with anything on, I'll wear it. Hey, Teresa has arrived. anything on, I'll wear it. Hey, Teresa has arrived. anything on, I'll wear it. Hey, Teresa has arrived. She's out. Let me greet her. I'm so excited. Hey, you smell like udi, my brother. my brother. my brother. Oh, it's not udi, what's your name? Anyway, Oh, it's not udi, what's your name? Anyway, Oh, it's not udi, what's your name? Anyway, you smell good. you smell good. you smell good. Mumeta, I'll give you a gift myself. Mumeta, I'll give you a gift myself. Mumeta, I'll give you a gift myself. Listen, listen, look, look. Listen, listen, look, look. Listen, listen, look, look. Oh, he will be happy Oh, he will be happy Oh, he will be happy .  Oh. .  Oh. .  Oh. Oh.  And where is he, if he loves music ?  The deposit ?  The deposit ?  The deposit is up there.  Wait, I'll call him. is up there.  Wait, I'll call him. is up there.  Wait, I'll call him. Wait, I'll bring you some food right now, Wait, I'll bring you some food right now, Wait, I'll bring you some food right now, man. man. man. I hope you have eaten. I hope you have eaten. I hope you have eaten. I just ate a little ugali and I just ate a little ugali and I just ate a little ugali and now you can finish it, calm down now you can finish it, calm down now you can finish it, calm down .  So let me bring you here .  So let me bring you here .  So let me bring you here first, I'm coming right now. first, I'm coming right now. first, I'm coming right now. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Can you finish all this?   Let me show you, Can you finish all this?   Let me show you, Can you finish all this?   Let me show you, I was feeling hungry. I was feeling hungry. I was feeling hungry. What is this? What is this? What is this? Milk tea. Milk tea. Milk tea. You are making tea for me, You are making tea for me, You are making tea for me, mom, so mom, so mom, so you can finish it like this, let you can finish it like this, let you can finish it like this, let me show you, mom, what's the problem? I want to see if you can finish it or not. I'm showing you that. It gives you there. I want to see if you can finish it or not. I'm showing you that. It gives you there. Maybe I want Maybe I want Maybe I want my video to be two minutes long. You say, "Eat it, my video to be two minutes long. You say, "Eat it, my video to be two minutes long. You say, "Eat it, finish it in five minutes," so we finish it in five minutes," so we finish it in five minutes," so we can cut it in the middle. I'll eat it all. Then where are you going? Hey, hold on, okay? Okay, okay can cut it in the middle. I'll eat it all. Then where are you going? Hey, hold on, okay? Okay, okay Okay. Okay. Okay. Hey. Hey. Hey. Now, let me show you Now, let me show you Now, let me show you this, it's over in two minutes, this, it's over in two minutes, this, it's over in two minutes, or just eat it with your hand. or just eat it with your hand. or just eat it with your hand. Oh, I'm not wearing a bracelet. Oh, I'm not wearing a bracelet. Oh, I'm not wearing a bracelet. Why do Why do Why do I eat so much, I'm not very picky. You and your twin are the ones who go together You and your twin are the ones who go together You and your twin are the ones who go together in this sausage and chapati. in this sausage and chapati. in this sausage and chapati. Hmm.   I 'm really surprised, I want to see how he 'm really surprised, I want to see how he 'm really surprised, I want to see how he finishes all this food.  Yes, finishes all this food.  Yes, finishes all this food.  Yes, baby.  Okay.  Sit here. Juice, Juice, Juice, man, isn't it sweet? So how many times a day do you eat? So how many times a day do you eat? So how many times a day do you eat? I I I like 15 times. Eh like 15 times. Eh like 15 times. Eh mh mh mh how how how now I can't put it on camera and now I can't put it on camera and now I can't put it on camera and on camera I can't show that on camera I can't show that on camera I can't show that I'm eating because I have to cut cut cut I'm eating because I have to cut cut cut I'm eating because I have to cut cut cut the video but I always eat the video but I always eat the video but I always eat how many kilos you weigh how many kilos you weigh how many kilos you weigh and you eat 15 times a day and when he went and you eat 15 times a day and when he went and you eat 15 times a day and when he went to the doctor he told me that to the doctor he told me that to the doctor he told me that like my kilos and my height don't match I have to like my kilos and my height don't match I have to like my kilos and my height don't match I have to eat a lot eat a lot eat a lot so you eat 20 times so you eat 20 times so you eat 20 times m that is that and there is Yes that . . . Oh, you Oh, you Oh, you have to set a date for us, that is, when have to set a date for us, that is, when have to set a date for us, that is, when you eat, that is, all those times, because the video has to be short. because the video has to be short. because the video has to be short. That's why, when you're little, my mother That's why, when you're little, my mother That's why, when you're little, my mother tells me I'm going there. Amara, Amara, Amara, how many times do you eat a day how many times do you eat a day how many times do you eat a day and you all don't say " child" child" child" really, man, you're in your first year now, you're not a really, man, you're in your first year now, you're not a really, man, you're in your first year now, you're not a child, eh, being a first year is childhood, how old are you, how old are you, child, eh, being a first year is childhood, how old are you, how old are you, child, eh, being a first year is childhood, how old are you, how old are you, tell me, first, how old are you, tell me, first, how old are you, tell me, first, how old are you, first, I first, I first, I asked you, first, how old are you, asked you, first, how old are you, asked you, first, how old are you, 20, 20, 20, now I've passed, how many years have I passed, man, four now I've passed, how many years have I passed, man, four now I've passed, how many years have I passed, man, four .  four 24 .  four 24 .  four 24 I'm turning 24 this year I'm turning 24 this year I'm turning 24 this year oh oh oh eh eh eh m so m so m so I'm a sister it I'm a sister it I'm a sister it can't be can't be can't be ma I saw I called a child guys people on ma I saw I called a child guys people on ma I saw I called a child guys people on insta have attacked me they've attacked me but still k but still k but still k but you're younger than me you're the but you're younger than me you're the but you're younger than me you're the same as me and my younger brother same as me and my younger brother same as me and my younger brother who is who is who is my younger brother my younger brother my younger brother and you're giving me away and you're giving me away and you're giving me away why why why now why have you only eaten a little you've stopped now why have you only eaten a little you've stopped now why have you only eaten a little you've stopped Eh I cooked Eh I cooked Eh I cooked hm delicious food if hm delicious food if hm delicious food if you sit in the kitchen you can't eat a lot of food you sit in the kitchen you can't eat a lot of food you sit in the kitchen you can't eat a lot of food that is here I'm sitting down so that I can get it that is here I'm sitting down so that I can get it that is here I'm sitting down so that I can get it well. Let us bring you cold water or hot water.  I can't believe my eyes, man. This is it, then leave it alone, This is it, then leave it alone, This is it, then leave it alone, why should I leave it? When you left home, you ate, you left home, you ate, you left home, you ate, I ate a little, you finished with that samosa, then I'll finish. finished with that samosa, then I'll finish. finished with that samosa, then I'll finish. Okay, everything is Okay, everything is Okay, everything is dangerous here. This is for Amara.  I carried it myself, it wasn't stolen, it This is for Amara.  I carried it myself, it wasn't stolen, it This is for Amara.  I carried it myself, it wasn't stolen, it arrived. arrived. arrived. Amara is happy and I'm happy. Amara is happy and I'm happy. Amara is happy and I'm happy. We're working, guys. I'm done, so I'm going home. guys. I'm done, so I'm going home. guys. I'm done, so I'm going home. Paula, you only use that skinx, that's all Paula, you only use that skinx, that's all you you you really want. Skinx things, my gay. really want. Skinx things, my gay. really want. Skinx things, my gay. I should try. I have to give it to you. It's really, I should try. I have to give it to you. It's really, really, please and pleas. Guys. I'm so happy.  I have met the Guys. I'm so happy.  I have met the Guys. I'm so happy.  I have met the shoes. shoes. shoes. The jeans.  Hey. The jeans.  Hey. The jeans.  Hey. The Paula. The Paula. The Paula. She is such a sweet soul.  Guys, She is such a sweet soul.  Guys, She is such a sweet soul.  Guys, I don't know what to say, you are not just beautiful on the I don't know what to say, you are not just beautiful on the I don't know what to say, you are not just beautiful on the outside, you have a good soul, you are outside, you have a good soul, you are outside, you have a good soul, you are beautiful on the inside.  I mean, beautiful on the inside.  I mean, beautiful on the inside.  I mean, thank you very much.  I'm glad to thank you very much.  I'm glad to thank you very much.  I'm glad to see you guys.  food for kik see you guys.  food for kik see you guys.  food for kik imagine I finished all the food imagine I finished all the food imagine I finished all the food eh eh eh I ate I don't know two spoons she didn't believe it she finished I did I ate I don't know two spoons she didn't believe it she finished I did n't believe it man n't believe it man n't believe it man I told you I'll show you I do I told you I'll show you I do I told you I'll show you I do n't play with food even one day n't play with food even one day n't play with food even one day my grandma made me throw away food my grandma made me throw away food my grandma made me throw away food I gave you this greeting I gave you this greeting I gave you this greeting see you next time see you next time see you next time hey besties so after making iftar hey besties so after making iftar hey besties so after making iftar I posted my dress on snapchat and a I posted my dress on snapchat and a I posted my dress on snapchat and a lot of people were like she liked it lot of people were like she liked it lot of people were like she liked it man where we ask you to see and all that so man where we ask you to see and all that so man where we ask you to see and all that so I decided to do a I decided to do a I decided to do a little challenge I'm putting it there challenge you see for little challenge I'm putting it there challenge you see for little challenge I'm putting it there challenge you see for people who have followed me on snapchat I think people who have followed me on snapchat I think people who have followed me on snapchat I think you saw it and a lot of people commented you saw it and a lot of people commented you saw it and a lot of people commented man he until I got confused man he until I got confused man he until I got confused I don't know who to choose the winner but at the end I don't know who to choose the winner but at the end I don't know who to choose the winner but at the end of the day I found one winner of the day I found one winner of the day I found one winner so yesterday I announced the winner and asked her for so yesterday I announced the winner and asked her for so yesterday I announced the winner and asked her for her number then we talked to her so she could come and her number then we talked to her so she could come and her number then we talked to her so she could come and pick up her dress.  So he arrived right pick up her dress.  So he arrived right pick up her dress.  So he arrived right now.  Let's go meet her.  This is the now.  Let's go meet her.  This is the now.  Let's go meet her.  This is the first time I've seen him.  I don't even know him first time I've seen him.  I don't even know him first time I've seen him.  I don't even know him but I liked his comment.  But I'm but I liked his comment.  But I'm but I liked his comment.  But I'm so excited to meet her.  Let's go see her so excited to meet her.  Let's go see her so excited to meet her.  Let's go see her and give her a dress.  Did you leave college? and give her a dress.  Did you leave college? and give her a dress.  Did you leave college? Oh, thanks, Oh, thanks, Oh, thanks, I'm glad to see it. You're embarrassed, you're not a You're embarrassed, you're not a You're embarrassed, you're not a camera person. hello vlog people let's go I don't know hi this is dor so if let's go I don't know hi this is dor so if let's go I don't know hi this is dor so if you remember there was a pa's challenge you remember there was a pa's challenge you remember there was a pa's challenge on the dress yeah iftar so i commented on the dress yeah iftar so i commented on the dress yeah iftar so i commented and unfortunately I don't know it's lucky and and unfortunately I don't know it's lucky and and unfortunately I don't know it's lucky and yesterday my friend texted me that I want yesterday my friend texted me that I want yesterday my friend texted me that I want the challenge so today I got my dress from the challenge so today I got my dress from the challenge so today I got my dress from Paula.  So, thank you very much Paula for Paula.  So, thank you very much Paula for Paula.  So, thank you very much Paula for the dress.  I can't wait to dress this the dress.  I can't wait to dress this the dress.  I can't wait to dress this onid.  Yes, thank you. The guy told me he's graduating this year. The guy told me he's graduating this year. The guy told me he's graduating this year. So I told him I would give him a So I told him I would give him a So I told him I would give him a gift at his graduation. gift at his graduation. gift at his graduation. Yeah.  I will remind him. Yeah.  I will remind him. Yeah.  I will remind him. Or I'll give him a suit to wear or anything. Or I'll give him a suit to wear or anything. Or I'll give him a suit to wear or anything. I will check.  Make sure you remind me, I will check.  Make sure you remind me, I will check.  Make sure you remind me, guys, I'm guys, I'm guys, I'm eating here and doing a little shopping. eating here and doing a little shopping. eating here and doing a little shopping. So hi, So hi, So hi, my hair is like a pea, so it my hair is like a pea, so it my hair is like a pea, so it matches your age.  Relax, matches your age.  Relax, matches your age.  Relax, I need someone to help me plan my I need someone to help me plan my 43rd birthday party. 43rd birthday party. 43rd birthday party. So my mother came to visit me here, let's go to So my mother came to visit me here, let's go to So my mother came to visit me here, let's go to Serena, it was my birthday two days ago, Serena, it was my birthday two days ago, Serena, it was my birthday two days ago, Sesi, I know many of you Sesi, I know many of you Sesi, I know many of you know her.  So my mother was traveling and know her.  So my mother was traveling and know her.  So my mother was traveling and I was busy, so we couldn't do I was busy, so we couldn't do I was busy, so we couldn't do anything for her.  Now we want to take him to the party anything for her.  Now we want to take him to the party anything for her.  Now we want to take him to the party and cut him a cake.  So let's and cut him a cake.  So let's and cut him a cake.  So let's go.  What do you have to say?  Do you have go.  What do you have to say?  Do you have go.  What do you have to say?  Do you have anything? anything? anything? Oh okay, he came.   What's wrong with you? he came.   What's wrong with you? Get in the car. Get in the car. Get in the car. I'm not recording Paula on the recorder I'm not recording Paula on the recorder I'm not recording Paula on the recorder because we're recording. What's wrong with you? How do you take it? because we're recording. What's wrong with you? How do you take it? because we're recording. What's wrong with you? How do you take it? Hey, you Hey, you Hey, you take it when something takes a lot. But you're really into But you're really into But you're really into Serena. Serena. Serena. Because that is, Because that is, Because that is, my mother likes it when I tell her, my mother likes it when I tell her, my mother likes it when I tell her, then let's go somewhere else, she doesn't want it, then let's go somewhere else, she doesn't want it, then let's go somewhere else, she doesn't want it, sir, branch serena, everything serena, eh, sir, branch serena, everything serena, eh, sir, branch serena, everything serena, eh, my life, I my life, I my life, I don't know why, sir, the food is brand new, that don't know why, sir, the food is brand new, that don't know why, sir, the food is brand new, that is, if you only eat a little, you are full, you can't is, if you only eat a little, you are full, you can't is, if you only eat a little, you are full, you can't add more, it's not with yeast, I don't understand, add more, it's not with yeast, I don't understand, add more, it's not with yeast, I don't understand, and and and you're going to add more, my stomach is still there, my stomach is still there, my stomach is still there, but this juice, sir, is very good, fashion but this juice, sir, is very good, fashion but this juice, sir, is very good, fashion mix and watermelon, welcome, welcome, welcome, when are you changing the gene, it's still not yet, when are you changing the gene, it's still not yet, when are you changing the gene, it's still not yet, until when, I don't know until when, I don't know until when, I don't know Hello.  Hi guys. So today I met my younger sister, So today I met my younger sister, So today I met my younger sister, Amara Serena, and we ate while you fasted. Amara Serena, and we ate while you fasted. Amara Serena, and we ate while you fasted. Yes, you are Yes, you are Yes, you are fasting for those sins.   I'm fasting for those sins.   I'm fasting for those sins.   I'm closing. closing. closing. I'm happy to see you.  I'm so proud of I'm happy to see you.  I'm so proud of I'm happy to see you.  I'm so proud of you.  Thank you. you.  Thank you. you.  Thank you. I'm so proud of you.  Your vlog is great, I'm so proud of you.  Your vlog is great, I'm so proud of you.  Your vlog is great, keep it up and don't get discouraged. keep it up and don't get discouraged. keep it up and don't get discouraged. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you, I saw that you have become an entrepreneur. I saw that you have become an entrepreneur. I saw that you have become an entrepreneur. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm waiting for you and you are very busy. I'm waiting for you and you are very busy. I'm waiting for you and you are very busy. Mashallah. Mashallah. Mashallah. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Bye- Bye- Bye- bye.   I bye.   I have to take sweet pineapples little by little so I don't spill it all have to take sweet pineapples little by little so I don't spill it all have to take sweet pineapples little by little so I don't spill it all on the counter and get bitten. on the counter and get bitten. on the counter and get bitten. You chew and then one mother tell me You chew and then one mother tell me You chew and then one mother tell me I cut you off, I cut you off, I cut you off, man, if man, if man, if he chews badly, all the videos, delete, delete, he chews badly, all the videos, delete, delete, he chews badly, all the videos, delete, delete, even you, you, tell me how you chew, how do you hate someone who eats like a hate someone who eats like a hate someone who eats like a thief, that is, you know when you know everything thief, that is, you know when you know everything thief, that is, you know when you know everything here, I am a here, I am a here, I am a little shocked, that's why you chew like that, you, lady, you are you, lady, you are you, lady, you are wrong, now wrong, now wrong, now I know that vog, you are I know that vog, you are I know that vog, you are ruining your reality show, ruining your reality show, ruining your reality show, its life, its life, its life, if you are bugging, you are bugging, if you are bugging, you are bugging, if you are bugging, you are bugging, I am putting people on vlogs, don't you see, man, I am I am putting people on vlogs, don't you see, man, I am I am putting people on vlogs, don't you see, man, I am beating you beating you beating you again, I am constantly fighting, because it seems that again, I am constantly fighting, because it seems that again, I am constantly fighting, because it seems that you know your eating, you know the you know your eating, you know the you know your eating, you know the eating of force, maybe eating of force, maybe eating of force, maybe something bad, that is, something bad, that is, something bad, that is, I chew badly, it comes alone, I chew badly, it comes alone, I chew badly, it comes alone, but when I eat, I will not chew badly, what do you have to attack me?  I'm tired of what do you have to attack me?  I'm tired of what do you have to attack me?  I'm tired of chewing on that myself. chewing on that myself. chewing on that myself. You know who's there, very beautiful, check it out, check it out, check it out, my mother is jealous of me, so the dress is my mother is jealous of me, so the dress is my mother is jealous of me, so the dress is beautiful, she says, beautiful, she says, beautiful, she says, bye