Hey guys, thanks so much for joining Hey guys, thanks so much for joining Hey guys, thanks so much for joining this video. In today's class, I'm going this video. In today's class, I'm going this video. In today's class, I'm going to show you how to make a bolo style to show you how to make a bolo style to show you how to make a bolo style necklace. And um the one that I'm necklace. And um the one that I'm necklace. And um the one that I'm wearing right now is our prototype. So, wearing right now is our prototype. So, wearing right now is our prototype. So, it's the one that I kind of put together it's the one that I kind of put together it's the one that I kind of put together just to see how it would look. And I just to see how it would look. And I just to see how it would look. And I have some ideas for a respin of a second have some ideas for a respin of a second have some ideas for a respin of a second version where the tassel is just a version where the tassel is just a version where the tassel is just a little bit longer. Um but this is a little bit longer. Um but this is a little bit longer. Um but this is a total, you know, make it your own total, you know, make it your own total, you know, make it your own design. Like you can totally change this design. Like you can totally change this design. Like you can totally change this up. It can be different lengths, up. It can be different lengths, up. It can be different lengths, different styles. Um but really what I different styles. Um but really what I different styles. Um but really what I want to teach you today is the recipe want to teach you today is the recipe want to teach you today is the recipe for how to create it. So, creating it is for how to create it. So, creating it is for how to create it. So, creating it is super easy. It's a series of stringing super easy. It's a series of stringing super easy. It's a series of stringing um using a beading wire. I'm going to be um using a beading wire. I'm going to be um using a beading wire. I'm going to be using fine beading wire. And then uh using fine beading wire. And then uh using fine beading wire. And then uh some 2x2 crimps. Um in a couple places I some 2x2 crimps. Um in a couple places I some 2x2 crimps. Um in a couple places I added some crimp covers, but they're not added some crimp covers, but they're not added some crimp covers, but they're not required. And you could always do the required. And you could always do the required. And you could always do the magic crimper if that's something that magic crimper if that's something that magic crimper if that's something that you do. you do. you do. And then right at the end, And then right at the end, And then right at the end, we're going to do some beautiful we're going to do some beautiful we're going to do some beautiful earrings. And these earrings are really earrings. And these earrings are really earrings. And these earrings are really easy to make and they use the same easy to make and they use the same easy to make and they use the same concept as our bolo necklace concept as our bolo necklace concept as our bolo necklace um with some cool draping and looping of um with some cool draping and looping of um with some cool draping and looping of the beading wire to really get your the beading wire to really get your the beading wire to really get your style on. And I'll show you all the style on. And I'll show you all the style on. And I'll show you all the beads I've used, which are of course beads I've used, which are of course beads I've used, which are of course from August Sam's Bead Box uh Mojave from August Sam's Bead Box uh Mojave from August Sam's Bead Box uh Mojave Desert. So, here on the mat, I have an So, here on the mat, I have an So, here on the mat, I have an assortment of the beads that I used in assortment of the beads that I used in assortment of the beads that I used in both of the lariat and the earrings. both of the lariat and the earrings. both of the lariat and the earrings. And of the beautiful findings from the And of the beautiful findings from the And of the beautiful findings from the box for the lariat we're going to be box for the lariat we're going to be box for the lariat we're going to be using using using this gorgeous piece right here. It's one this gorgeous piece right here. It's one this gorgeous piece right here. It's one of my favorites. It's going to have a of my favorites. It's going to have a of my favorites. It's going to have a connection top and bottom so we can use connection top and bottom so we can use connection top and bottom so we can use it as part of our our style to do the it as part of our our style to do the it as part of our our style to do the dangle. dangle. dangle. And so that's how I used it here but And so that's how I used it here but And so that's how I used it here but keep in mind you could also pull in the keep in mind you could also pull in the keep in mind you could also pull in the flowers. You could pull in this gorgeous flowers. You could pull in this gorgeous flowers. You could pull in this gorgeous horse charm. Um save this one I have a horse charm. Um save this one I have a horse charm. Um save this one I have a bracelet project we're doing later in a bracelet project we're doing later in a bracelet project we're doing later in a future class. future class. future class. Um and so we did we did a whole unboxing Um and so we did we did a whole unboxing Um and so we did we did a whole unboxing on August um on August um on August um 12th and I so you go back and watch that 12th and I so you go back and watch that 12th and I so you go back and watch that to see the whole box but what I have out to see the whole box but what I have out to see the whole box but what I have out here is a selection a few of the items here is a selection a few of the items here is a selection a few of the items are not present on the mat cuz we don't are not present on the mat cuz we don't are not present on the mat cuz we don't need them for this current project but need them for this current project but need them for this current project but there's um you know a whole bunch of there's um you know a whole bunch of there's um you know a whole bunch of other beautiful things from the box that other beautiful things from the box that other beautiful things from the box that we use in other projects. But these are we use in other projects. But these are we use in other projects. But these are the ones that I primarily drew from to the ones that I primarily drew from to the ones that I primarily drew from to do the bolo necklace and the earrings. do the bolo necklace and the earrings. do the bolo necklace and the earrings. So there's a lot of beautiful strands. So there's a lot of beautiful strands. So there's a lot of beautiful strands. Um I went crazy and just did some Um I went crazy and just did some Um I went crazy and just did some stringing. stringing. stringing. Just going through and making a really Just going through and making a really Just going through and making a really beautiful necklace. That's done at the beautiful necklace. That's done at the beautiful necklace. That's done at the end but what we're going to do is step end but what we're going to do is step end but what we're going to do is step one one one is what I what I found worked really is what I what I found worked really is what I what I found worked really beautifully beautifully beautifully is that um let me bring these over here is that um let me bring these over here is that um let me bring these over here so those are included as well. so those are included as well. so those are included as well. I need a little ring to kind of do the I need a little ring to kind of do the I need a little ring to kind of do the suspension. There's a couple of suspension. There's a couple of suspension. There's a couple of different ways you can do this depending different ways you can do this depending different ways you can do this depending on what beads you choose for it. I chose on what beads you choose for it. I chose on what beads you choose for it. I chose these these these with the seed beads. And I think that's a really good combo And I think that's a really good combo And I think that's a really good combo but the reason that I went with those is but the reason that I went with those is but the reason that I went with those is they made a nice easy circle. they made a nice easy circle. they made a nice easy circle. Keep in mind some of these other beads Keep in mind some of these other beads Keep in mind some of these other beads like these we know these work because like these we know these work because like these we know these work because they're the ones that are used in the they're the ones that are used in the they're the ones that are used in the earrings. You could make the center link earrings. You could make the center link earrings. You could make the center link with a lot of other choices here. So you with a lot of other choices here. So you with a lot of other choices here. So you can get creative but the basic structure can get creative but the basic structure can get creative but the basic structure I'll just demo with the beads I used in I'll just demo with the beads I used in I'll just demo with the beads I used in the prototype. So I'm going to clear the the prototype. So I'm going to clear the the prototype. So I'm going to clear the mat just really quick mat just really quick mat just really quick and demonstrate making and demonstrate making and demonstrate making the focal ring. So, you just need a handful of seed So, you just need a handful of seed So, you just need a handful of seed beads and it doesn't matter which colors beads and it doesn't matter which colors beads and it doesn't matter which colors you choose. You can use any colors you you choose. You can use any colors you you choose. You can use any colors you want. want. want. And then, I'm going to be using And then, I'm going to be using And then, I'm going to be using approximately five of these. approximately five of these. approximately five of these. But, this is again not set in stone. You But, this is again not set in stone. You But, this is again not set in stone. You can use as few or as many as you can get can use as few or as many as you can get can use as few or as many as you can get a circle to form, then you've got it. a circle to form, then you've got it. a circle to form, then you've got it. And then, the way we join the beading And then, the way we join the beading And then, the way we join the beading wire to it is in between each of the wire to it is in between each of the wire to it is in between each of the beads. So, it's really, really easy to beads. So, it's really, really easy to beads. So, it's really, really easy to do. Um I made the ring first. Let me do. Um I made the ring first. Let me do. Um I made the ring first. Let me just talk a little bit about like just talk a little bit about like just talk a little bit about like options cuz I think there's there's more options cuz I think there's there's more options cuz I think there's there's more than one way you could do this. But, the than one way you could do this. But, the than one way you could do this. But, the basic recipe is I created this ring and basic recipe is I created this ring and basic recipe is I created this ring and then I joined my dangles and my necklace then I joined my dangles and my necklace then I joined my dangles and my necklace chains to it. If you want to make your chains to it. If you want to make your chains to it. If you want to make your necklace chains and dangle first and necklace chains and dangle first and necklace chains and dangle first and then join them to the ring, that's an then join them to the ring, that's an then join them to the ring, that's an option. Um or you can join your strands option. Um or you can join your strands option. Um or you can join your strands to the ring, which is what I actually to the ring, which is what I actually to the ring, which is what I actually did here cuz I wasn't sure what my links did here cuz I wasn't sure what my links did here cuz I wasn't sure what my links were yet and I wanted to be able to hold were yet and I wanted to be able to hold were yet and I wanted to be able to hold it up and play with it as I worked. So, it up and play with it as I worked. So, it up and play with it as I worked. So, that's why I did it in that order, but that's why I did it in that order, but that's why I did it in that order, but that order is not required. that order is not required. that order is not required. Um I'm going to be using some beading Um I'm going to be using some beading Um I'm going to be using some beading wire from Soft Flex. wire from Soft Flex. wire from Soft Flex. I have fine beading wire and you can use I have fine beading wire and you can use I have fine beading wire and you can use any color you like. I I happen to just any color you like. I I happen to just any color you like. I I happen to just have a lot of the copper color, uh but have a lot of the copper color, uh but have a lot of the copper color, uh but you could use bone and the other color you could use bone and the other color you could use bone and the other color that came in our trio. Those would be that came in our trio. Those would be that came in our trio. Those would be really beautiful options, too. So, you only need a little bit of So, you only need a little bit of So, you only need a little bit of beading wire here. beading wire here. beading wire here. And I can't remember how much I cut, but And I can't remember how much I cut, but And I can't remember how much I cut, but I did it probably about a little over I did it probably about a little over I did it probably about a little over what I want my ring to be. what I want my ring to be. what I want my ring to be. So, um I'll get you a measurement So, um I'll get you a measurement So, um I'll get you a measurement though, just to just to help out with though, just to just to help out with though, just to just to help out with that. that. that. I like to have room to maneuver, so I go I like to have room to maneuver, so I go I like to have room to maneuver, so I go a little over. But, I cut cut a little a little over. But, I cut cut a little a little over. But, I cut cut a little cut about 6 in and you should be fine. cut about 6 in and you should be fine. cut about 6 in and you should be fine. And then, go ahead and string on a bead. And again, any colors you would like. And again, any colors you would like. And again, any colors you would like. I think I'm going to go with this I think I'm going to go with this I think I'm going to go with this lighter brown. Okay. Okay. Okay. And And And you'll have that. you'll have that. you'll have that. Ain't it beautiful? Ain't it beautiful? Ain't it beautiful? We need a crimp bead. So, what I have here is a copper 2 by 2 So, what I have here is a copper 2 by 2 So, what I have here is a copper 2 by 2 crimp. crimp. crimp. And I'm going to bring the beading wire And I'm going to bring the beading wire And I'm going to bring the beading wire through it. through it. through it. And the other side through it in the And the other side through it in the And the other side through it in the opposite direction. opposite direction. opposite direction. And when you get close to where it's And when you get close to where it's And when you get close to where it's pulled tight, I would suggest if you pulled tight, I would suggest if you pulled tight, I would suggest if you can, can, can, the cool thing about working with fine the cool thing about working with fine the cool thing about working with fine is you can perhaps go around again. And is you can perhaps go around again. And is you can perhaps go around again. And this will just make your ring really, this will just make your ring really, this will just make your ring really, really strong. Oops, I skipped a seed bead there. See, see, I'm just going around again. And only because this particular ring And only because this particular ring And only because this particular ring here is going to be supporting a lot of here is going to be supporting a lot of here is going to be supporting a lot of the weight of my design. the weight of my design. the weight of my design. We don't have to do this on the We don't have to do this on the We don't have to do this on the earrings. The earrings are really light. earrings. The earrings are really light. earrings. The earrings are really light. But on this one, I think it's But on this one, I think it's But on this one, I think it's really cool and it works out really really cool and it works out really really cool and it works out really nicely. nicely. nicely. All right. So, I got all the way around. All right. So, I got all the way around. All right. So, I got all the way around. Again, this was about a little over 6 in Again, this was about a little over 6 in Again, this was about a little over 6 in of beading wire that I started with. of beading wire that I started with. of beading wire that I started with. And then we're going to go through the And then we're going to go through the And then we're going to go through the crimp one more time. crimp one more time. crimp one more time. And you may or may not be able to get And you may or may not be able to get And you may or may not be able to get through the bead again. But one of the through the bead again. But one of the through the bead again. But one of the reason I chose these beads was I noticed reason I chose these beads was I noticed reason I chose these beads was I noticed that they had a very generous hole that they had a very generous hole that they had a very generous hole diameter and it worked out very nicely diameter and it worked out very nicely diameter and it worked out very nicely for me. for me. for me. And on this side, I can't even get it And on this side, I can't even get it And on this side, I can't even get it through on that side as well. through on that side as well. through on that side as well. So, that's a lot of passes through them. So, that's a lot of passes through them. So, that's a lot of passes through them. But look how strong. But look how strong. But look how strong. So, now you have this gorgeous So, now you have this gorgeous So, now you have this gorgeous component. And think of the component. And think of the component. And think of the possibilities of a component like this, possibilities of a component like this, possibilities of a component like this, the things you could do in jewelry and, the things you could do in jewelry and, the things you could do in jewelry and, you know, making in general. There's a you know, making in general. There's a you know, making in general. There's a lot of possibility there. lot of possibility there. lot of possibility there. So, here's my crimp tool. And I'm going to go ahead and just And I'm going to go ahead and just And I'm going to go ahead and just crimp here. And crimp here. And crimp here. And crimp here. I'm not going to put a crimp cover on I'm not going to put a crimp cover on I'm not going to put a crimp cover on this component because I'm going to be this component because I'm going to be this component because I'm going to be having um beading wire going over it. having um beading wire going over it. having um beading wire going over it. And so, it doesn't really have room. Uh And so, it doesn't really have room. Uh And so, it doesn't really have room. Uh but later when we do work on the rest of but later when we do work on the rest of but later when we do work on the rest of the design, I will show you where I did the design, I will show you where I did the design, I will show you where I did add crimp covers. add crimp covers. add crimp covers. On this one, don't sweat that. We don't On this one, don't sweat that. We don't On this one, don't sweat that. We don't need it. And now I'm just trimming the beading And now I'm just trimming the beading And now I'm just trimming the beading wire. wire. wire. As close as I can. And one of the As close as I can. And one of the As close as I can. And one of the reasons I go through the bead reasons I go through the bead reasons I go through the bead is you get a really nice clean look is you get a really nice clean look is you get a really nice clean look there. See how nice that is? It's really there. See how nice that is? It's really there. See how nice that is? It's really solid. And then my beading wire doesn't solid. And then my beading wire doesn't solid. And then my beading wire doesn't show next to it. It's really cool. Okay, show next to it. It's really cool. Okay, show next to it. It's really cool. Okay, so let's go ahead and get our next step so let's go ahead and get our next step so let's go ahead and get our next step onto the mat. So, let's make the tassel next. The So, let's make the tassel next. The So, let's make the tassel next. The reason I like to make the tassel next is reason I like to make the tassel next is reason I like to make the tassel next is that at that point you'll have it ready that at that point you'll have it ready that at that point you'll have it ready to test, try on, and test as you make to test, try on, and test as you make to test, try on, and test as you make your chain in the final step. So, that's your chain in the final step. So, that's your chain in the final step. So, that's This is kind of the order I did it in. This is kind of the order I did it in. This is kind of the order I did it in. Um Um Um but again, like I was saying in the but again, like I was saying in the but again, like I was saying in the beginning, you could always do different beginning, you could always do different beginning, you could always do different order. But so, this is how to make the order. But so, this is how to make the order. But so, this is how to make the little decorative tassels. And creative little decorative tassels. And creative little decorative tassels. And creative on this, go crazy. Do whatever you want on this, go crazy. Do whatever you want on this, go crazy. Do whatever you want to do. Um mine originally, let me hold to do. Um mine originally, let me hold to do. Um mine originally, let me hold it up really quick. Looks like that. But it up really quick. Looks like that. But it up really quick. Looks like that. But I might do something a little longer for I might do something a little longer for I might do something a little longer for this one just for more dramatic effect. this one just for more dramatic effect. this one just for more dramatic effect. Um but you can really go wild and make Um but you can really go wild and make Um but you can really go wild and make something cute. something cute. something cute. So, you're going to need another So, you're going to need another So, you're going to need another another bit of beading wire and crimps. another bit of beading wire and crimps. another bit of beading wire and crimps. But first, before we get there, let's But first, before we get there, let's But first, before we get there, let's create the little bottom dangles. So, create the little bottom dangles. So, create the little bottom dangles. So, you may need three or even four. In my you may need three or even four. In my you may need three or even four. In my case, I used four. Um case, I used four. Um case, I used four. Um I only have head pins. If you have eye I only have head pins. If you have eye I only have head pins. If you have eye pins, um bring two of those out and two pins, um bring two of those out and two pins, um bring two of those out and two head pins out, but I'm just going to head pins out, but I'm just going to head pins out, but I'm just going to make two of these into an eye pin. make two of these into an eye pin. make two of these into an eye pin. You're going to need a jump ring, which You're going to need a jump ring, which You're going to need a jump ring, which is going to be the little thing that is going to be the little thing that is going to be the little thing that holds all the little tassel together. holds all the little tassel together. holds all the little tassel together. And the little tassel is going to go at And the little tassel is going to go at And the little tassel is going to go at the bottom of your longhorn pendant. the bottom of your longhorn pendant. the bottom of your longhorn pendant. So, any beads you like. What I did for So, any beads you like. What I did for So, any beads you like. What I did for mine, and what I kind of really want to mine, and what I kind of really want to mine, and what I kind of really want to do again cuz I think it looks really do again cuz I think it looks really do again cuz I think it looks really cute, was I like the look cute, was I like the look cute, was I like the look of these beautiful multi multi melon of these beautiful multi multi melon of these beautiful multi multi melon color melons with these beautiful bell color melons with these beautiful bell color melons with these beautiful bell flowers on top. flowers on top. flowers on top. I thought they looked really cute. Let I thought they looked really cute. Let I thought they looked really cute. Let me show you. me show you. me show you. And then I also like the look of the And then I also like the look of the And then I also like the look of the bicones with the bell flowers. So, the bicones with the bell flowers. So, the bicones with the bell flowers. So, the bicones are these the strand here. bicones are these the strand here. bicones are these the strand here. It's really pretty. And then above that, It's really pretty. And then above that, It's really pretty. And then above that, I've got just a beautiful suspension of I've got just a beautiful suspension of I've got just a beautiful suspension of the larger bell flower. And then I use the larger bell flower. And then I use the larger bell flower. And then I use the pinch bead. Now, my goal here is to the pinch bead. Now, my goal here is to the pinch bead. Now, my goal here is to have a little longer tassel happening, have a little longer tassel happening, have a little longer tassel happening, so I might go a little little more extra so I might go a little little more extra so I might go a little little more extra for this one, but let's start with my for this one, but let's start with my for this one, but let's start with my favorite. And we'll go with one of those. And we'll go with one of those. And we'll go with one of those. And then we need to free some of these. Some beautiful things happening here. Some beautiful things happening here. Some beautiful things happening here. Grab a couple of those. All right. So, string on your So, string on your So, string on your melon bead and one of the melon bead and one of the melon bead and one of the bell flowers. And I'm going to grab some round nose And I'm going to grab some round nose And I'm going to grab some round nose pliers and just do a nice gentle wrapped pliers and just do a nice gentle wrapped pliers and just do a nice gentle wrapped loop on the top. There's one. So, so far I have that. And then I like to get out my And then I like to get out my And then I like to get out my chain nose. chain nose. chain nose. And then I use some square nose to hold. And then I use some square nose to hold. And then I use some square nose to hold. And you can either use your hand or use And you can either use your hand or use And you can either use your hand or use a chain nose plier. I have some pretty a chain nose plier. I have some pretty a chain nose plier. I have some pretty strong head pins here, so I'm going to strong head pins here, so I'm going to strong head pins here, so I'm going to go around with my tools. And it'll either be able to get two, And it'll either be able to get two, And it'll either be able to get two, maybe three coils maybe three coils maybe three coils um around before you need to trim it. Um that. Um that. Um that. This is going to be something that um This is going to be something that um This is going to be something that um you see a lot in your design because you see a lot in your design because you see a lot in your design because you're going to have it hanging on the you're going to have it hanging on the you're going to have it hanging on the front of the necklace. It's a little front of the necklace. It's a little front of the necklace. It's a little fidget piece that you'll probably handle fidget piece that you'll probably handle fidget piece that you'll probably handle a lot when you're wearing it. Just a a lot when you're wearing it. Just a a lot when you're wearing it. Just a I do that a lot with my jewelry, and so I do that a lot with my jewelry, and so I do that a lot with my jewelry, and so I'm going to take extra care and time I'm going to take extra care and time I'm going to take extra care and time with these wraps cuz they're going to be with these wraps cuz they're going to be with these wraps cuz they're going to be something I look at a lot and I want to something I look at a lot and I want to something I look at a lot and I want to be proud of them. So, there's one. So, there's one. So, there's one. Feel free to make one more or something Feel free to make one more or something Feel free to make one more or something different. Other options that are really different. Other options that are really different. Other options that are really great for suspension are flowers, great for suspension are flowers, great for suspension are flowers, are these beautiful chevron leaves. are these beautiful chevron leaves. are these beautiful chevron leaves. These are really gorgeous options. Some These are really gorgeous options. Some These are really gorgeous options. Some of the other beads would work. So, go to of the other beads would work. So, go to of the other beads would work. So, go to town. Go ahead and make town. Go ahead and make town. Go ahead and make um another one like So, I have these beauties, and now I'm So, I have these beauties, and now I'm So, I have these beauties, and now I'm going to go ahead and make some eye pins going to go ahead and make some eye pins going to go ahead and make some eye pins out of these. So, start with the um And out of these. So, start with the um And out of these. So, start with the um And for for your eye pins, feel free to just for for your eye pins, feel free to just for for your eye pins, feel free to just use round nose pliers, but I have a use round nose pliers, but I have a use round nose pliers, but I have a preference for using my bell formers. preference for using my bell formers. preference for using my bell formers. Just so that my eye pins are the same Just so that my eye pins are the same Just so that my eye pins are the same size. And I'm going to make a loop here at the And I'm going to make a loop here at the And I'm going to make a loop here at the bottom. And then here at the top, I will need to And then here at the top, I will need to And then here at the top, I will need to trim off the top of my head pin. And what do I want to use as a dangle? And what do I want to use as a dangle? And what do I want to use as a dangle? So, bringing back the other piece just So, bringing back the other piece just So, bringing back the other piece just real quick for reference. What I did real quick for reference. What I did real quick for reference. What I did over there was over there was over there was a larger bell flower, and then a larger bell flower, and then a larger bell flower, and then I'm thinking I might do the same thing I'm thinking I might do the same thing I'm thinking I might do the same thing for the larger one of these or maybe the for the larger one of these or maybe the for the larger one of these or maybe the smaller one or some smaller one or some smaller one or some asymmetry here. And so if you're doing that, your bell And so if you're doing that, your bell And so if you're doing that, your bell flower is going to hang a little bit flower is going to hang a little bit flower is going to hang a little bit like this. So if you want, go ahead and like this. So if you want, go ahead and like this. So if you want, go ahead and open open open that loop that loop that loop and attach whichever dangle you are and attach whichever dangle you are and attach whichever dangle you are using to that. I'm just going to go like that. See? Pretty cool. You can do anything See? Pretty cool. You can do anything See? Pretty cool. You can do anything you like here. This is really freestyle. you like here. This is really freestyle. you like here. This is really freestyle. Gorgeous jewelry. And then back to Gorgeous jewelry. And then back to Gorgeous jewelry. And then back to making. making. making. You could either do a You could either do a You could either do a wrapped loop here at the top. wrapped loop here at the top. wrapped loop here at the top. I'm choosing a wrapped loop because it's I'm choosing a wrapped loop because it's I'm choosing a wrapped loop because it's going to look going to look going to look like a little branch, but you could like a little branch, but you could like a little branch, but you could always do a always do a always do a simple loop here, too. But I think what I'm kind of doing is But I think what I'm kind of doing is But I think what I'm kind of doing is I'm matching I'm matching I'm matching the wrapped loop here at the bottom the wrapped loop here at the bottom the wrapped loop here at the bottom with the wrapped loop here on the top. And don't sweat it if you're being a And don't sweat it if you're being a And don't sweat it if you're being a little perfectionist about it like me. little perfectionist about it like me. little perfectionist about it like me. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. This is going to be something that is This is going to be something that is This is going to be something that is the the the the very um the very um the very um the very spotlight of your necklace. the very spotlight of your necklace. the very spotlight of your necklace. And so I'm going to do the same thing And so I'm going to do the same thing And so I'm going to do the same thing with this one, but I'm going to make with this one, but I'm going to make with this one, but I'm going to make this one a little longer. this one a little longer. this one a little longer. So I made you two beads. Now on my So I made you two beads. Now on my So I made you two beads. Now on my original I only had one, but I feel like original I only had one, but I feel like original I only had one, but I feel like I want to change it up. So let's do I want to change it up. So let's do I want to change it up. So let's do um um um Let's do this. Let's do a flower. So this flower will be here. So this flower will be here. So this flower will be here. And then I need something that'll make And then I need something that'll make And then I need something that'll make this space and so it's going to be one this space and so it's going to be one this space and so it's going to be one of my larger beads. of my larger beads. of my larger beads. Actually think one of these might work. Um or Um or Um or let's just see. So, I'm thinking So, I'm thinking So, I'm thinking this one will be on the jump ring like this one will be on the jump ring like this one will be on the jump ring like that. And then I can get away with another And then I can get away with another And then I can get away with another bead really close to the top, but then I bead really close to the top, but then I bead really close to the top, but then I need a little spacing. So, what if we need a little spacing. So, what if we need a little spacing. So, what if we did one of these gorgeous ones? did one of these gorgeous ones? did one of these gorgeous ones? Now, if you're doing the loom project Now, if you're doing the loom project Now, if you're doing the loom project with me on the with me on the with me on the 29th, you're going to want to save 29th, you're going to want to save 29th, you're going to want to save a fair amount of these. I don't use all a fair amount of these. I don't use all a fair amount of these. I don't use all of them in the loom bracelet design, but of them in the loom bracelet design, but of them in the loom bracelet design, but I do use quite a few. So, go sparingly I do use quite a few. So, go sparingly I do use quite a few. So, go sparingly on those ones. on those ones. on those ones. But, don't be afraid to use a little bit But, don't be afraid to use a little bit But, don't be afraid to use a little bit of them. of them. of them. What do you think of that as a dangle? What do you think of that as a dangle? What do you think of that as a dangle? Something a little different. So, I'm Something a little different. So, I'm Something a little different. So, I'm going to put that together you making going to put that together you making going to put that together you making a series of connections with head pin a series of connections with head pin a series of connections with head pin eye pin. So, here's my little dangle. I went a So, here's my little dangle. I went a So, here's my little dangle. I went a little crazy and made them a little little crazy and made them a little little crazy and made them a little bigger than last time, and I'm really bigger than last time, and I'm really bigger than last time, and I'm really happy with how they look. But, keep in happy with how they look. But, keep in happy with how they look. But, keep in mind this is all just style. Whatever mind this is all just style. Whatever mind this is all just style. Whatever you think will look really cute. Our you think will look really cute. Our you think will look really cute. Our goal is to kind of simulate the look of goal is to kind of simulate the look of goal is to kind of simulate the look of a bolo. So, bolo has, you know, it's a a bolo. So, bolo has, you know, it's a a bolo. So, bolo has, you know, it's a tie, but it has two long strands coming tie, but it has two long strands coming tie, but it has two long strands coming out from a center, right? And so, that's out from a center, right? And so, that's out from a center, right? And so, that's where I'm where I'm where I'm where I'm trying to take these. Let me where I'm trying to take these. Let me where I'm trying to take these. Let me just close that a little better. just close that a little better. just close that a little better. Give me that one. Just say it seems to Give me that one. Just say it seems to Give me that one. Just say it seems to appear to be a little bit open. There we go. And we'll just get that onto our jump And we'll just get that onto our jump And we'll just get that onto our jump ring. There's one. There's one. There's one. And two. Now, I'm going to take the Now, I'm going to take the Now, I'm going to take the beautiful beautiful beautiful long horn pendant. long horn pendant. long horn pendant. And as best I can, I'm going to try to And as best I can, I'm going to try to And as best I can, I'm going to try to close this jump ring. close this jump ring. close this jump ring. The pendant's pretty big, so you might The pendant's pretty big, so you might The pendant's pretty big, so you might find that find that find that a round jump ring might do better, but I a round jump ring might do better, but I a round jump ring might do better, but I only had these in the color I wanted. only had these in the color I wanted. only had these in the color I wanted. This was the size jump ring I had. This was the size jump ring I had. This was the size jump ring I had. And I was able to get it to close. I And I was able to get it to close. I And I was able to get it to close. I just had to be a little careful with it. So, you'll have a little easier time So, you'll have a little easier time So, you'll have a little easier time with that without an oval jump ring, but with that without an oval jump ring, but with that without an oval jump ring, but it worked for me. it worked for me. it worked for me. What do you guys think? Do you like it? What do you guys think? Do you like it? What do you guys think? Do you like it? I might take this bead out. I might take this bead out. I might take this bead out. So, let me show you my original. It's a little simpler. So, whichever you like. Um So, whichever you like. Um So, whichever you like. Um real quick, I'm just going to remove real quick, I'm just going to remove real quick, I'm just going to remove this one and save this link for this one and save this link for this one and save this link for something else. This is a little too something else. This is a little too something else. This is a little too big. I think that's good. I think that's good. I think that's good. So, yeah, any kind of little beautiful So, yeah, any kind of little beautiful So, yeah, any kind of little beautiful drops, when you're wearing it, they're drops, when you're wearing it, they're drops, when you're wearing it, they're going to kind of hang on top of each going to kind of hang on top of each going to kind of hang on top of each other. Let me show you how they suspend. other. Let me show you how they suspend. other. Let me show you how they suspend. See how they kind of go like that? So, See how they kind of go like that? So, See how they kind of go like that? So, you're going to get a really cool little you're going to get a really cool little you're going to get a really cool little look. But, feel free to play with the height But, feel free to play with the height But, feel free to play with the height of that. Get it to look how you'd like of that. Get it to look how you'd like of that. Get it to look how you'd like it, too. And then, just here's another it, too. And then, just here's another it, too. And then, just here's another little side-by-side. little side-by-side. little side-by-side. So, that's the little focal that'll be So, that's the little focal that'll be So, that's the little focal that'll be at the bottom of one of the little bolo at the bottom of one of the little bolo at the bottom of one of the little bolo ties. ties. ties. So, once you've got that done, So, once you've got that done, So, once you've got that done, um what we're going to do next is the um what we're going to do next is the um what we're going to do next is the section here. section here. section here. So, we're going to create a series of So, we're going to create a series of So, we're going to create a series of little bolo tie lengths that are made on little bolo tie lengths that are made on little bolo tie lengths that are made on beading wire with crimps. And in this beading wire with crimps. And in this beading wire with crimps. And in this case, I do have some crimp covers. case, I do have some crimp covers. case, I do have some crimp covers. That's optional. So, all you need to do That's optional. So, all you need to do That's optional. So, all you need to do is cut a length of beading wire is cut a length of beading wire is cut a length of beading wire and create a little sampling and create a little sampling and create a little sampling of strands of just random beads that you of strands of just random beads that you of strands of just random beads that you like. So, first I'm going to string on a So, first I'm going to string on a So, first I'm going to string on a crimp. crimp. crimp. And then, I'm going to attach that to And then, I'm going to attach that to And then, I'm going to attach that to the top of my longhorn pendant. This the top of my longhorn pendant. This the top of my longhorn pendant. This will be the will be the will be the first of the two ties. Give it some Give it some room to move. Give it some Give it some room to move. Give it some Give it some room to move. You want it to dance a little bit. Okay. Close your crimp. If you have If you have If you have an idea of the length you'd like it to an idea of the length you'd like it to an idea of the length you'd like it to be, be, be, just go ahead and lay it next to your just go ahead and lay it next to your just go ahead and lay it next to your ring. ring. ring. And I'm going to go for about 2 and 1/2 And I'm going to go for about 2 and 1/2 And I'm going to go for about 2 and 1/2 to 3 in. to 3 in. to 3 in. So, my originals are I did a very short little snippet of was I did a very short little snippet of was I did a very short little snippet of was a little bit under two. So, I'm going to a little bit under two. So, I'm going to a little bit under two. So, I'm going to go for something more like 2 and 1/2 to go for something more like 2 and 1/2 to go for something more like 2 and 1/2 to 3. 3. 3. So, that I can get something So, that I can get something So, that I can get something you know, that looks a little bit you know, that looks a little bit you know, that looks a little bit different. So, 2 and 1/2 to 3 from here, different. So, 2 and 1/2 to 3 from here, different. So, 2 and 1/2 to 3 from here, we'll cut it about the four. So, we have we'll cut it about the four. So, we have we'll cut it about the four. So, we have room to do our folding and crimping. room to do our folding and crimping. room to do our folding and crimping. And let's string on some gorgeous beads. And let's string on some gorgeous beads. And let's string on some gorgeous beads. I had my heart set on seeing this one. I had my heart set on seeing this one. I had my heart set on seeing this one. So, we'll put this one on. So, we'll put this one on. So, we'll put this one on. And then I do love these brown beads. And then I do love these brown beads. And then I do love these brown beads. These are so pretty. These are so pretty. These are so pretty. Um let's get out some of these beautiful Um let's get out some of these beautiful Um let's get out some of these beautiful bicones. Something that I think looks bicones. Something that I think looks bicones. Something that I think looks really cool in jewelry is to do the really cool in jewelry is to do the really cool in jewelry is to do the the high-low of a larger and a smaller the high-low of a larger and a smaller the high-low of a larger and a smaller bead next to each other. bead next to each other. bead next to each other. So, and then there's our pop of yellow, So, and then there's our pop of yellow, So, and then there's our pop of yellow, which is really pretty. And then let's which is really pretty. And then let's which is really pretty. And then let's let's go crazy. Let's do a big flower. I let's go crazy. Let's do a big flower. I let's go crazy. Let's do a big flower. I liked the look of the big flower on my liked the look of the big flower on my liked the look of the big flower on my last one. I'm feeling like I want to do last one. I'm feeling like I want to do last one. I'm feeling like I want to do a chain of a plastic flower just for the a chain of a plastic flower just for the a chain of a plastic flower just for the style. style. style. We'll see. Okay, bicone here. Okay, bicone here. Okay, bicone here. And where are we on length? Let's go And where are we on length? Let's go And where are we on length? Let's go with another bead. Let's put on one of with another bead. Let's put on one of with another bead. Let's put on one of these gorgeous ones. And I feel like I need one more. Maybe we'll do one of these. >> And then, let's do a brown bicone. Got it? Got it? Got it? And And And So, I want a bead that's not very um I So, I want a bead that's not very um I So, I want a bead that's not very um I want one that's a little more flat want one that's a little more flat want one that's a little more flat because of the way it's going to be because of the way it's going to be because of the way it's going to be positioned. positioned. positioned. So, you know, we could do another So, you know, we could do another So, you know, we could do another flower. flower. flower. A lot of flower in this strand, but A lot of flower in this strand, but A lot of flower in this strand, but that's okay. that's okay. that's okay. Okay. Well, like I said, it is freestyle, Well, like I said, it is freestyle, Well, like I said, it is freestyle, whatever you feel like doing. So, based whatever you feel like doing. So, based whatever you feel like doing. So, based on that, what I think and this are all on that, what I think and this are all on that, what I think and this are all like I said, this was the prototype. like I said, this was the prototype. like I said, this was the prototype. I'd like to have the the metal be the I'd like to have the the metal be the I'd like to have the the metal be the bottom. So, I'm going to cover my crimp bottom. So, I'm going to cover my crimp bottom. So, I'm going to cover my crimp up here. up here. up here. So, bring this around. And let's go back through the flower. And give ourselves Give it some room to And give ourselves Give it some room to And give ourselves Give it some room to to sway, right? to sway, right? to sway, right? In fact, if it can fit over the crimp, In fact, if it can fit over the crimp, In fact, if it can fit over the crimp, that's even better. All right. Crimp covers if you like, otherwise no Crimp covers if you like, otherwise no Crimp covers if you like, otherwise no worries. And there's That's a longer bolo. See, And there's That's a longer bolo. See, And there's That's a longer bolo. See, that's going to be cool. So, I'm just that's going to be cool. So, I'm just that's going to be cool. So, I'm just going to do the same thing I did there going to do the same thing I did there going to do the same thing I did there with um with um with um make by making one more strand. And so, make by making one more strand. And so, make by making one more strand. And so, here's what's going to happen with my here's what's going to happen with my here's what's going to happen with my second one. My second one is on beading second one. My second one is on beading second one. My second one is on beading wire. It's going to go from here wire. It's going to go from here wire. It's going to go from here and it's going to go a little shorter. and it's going to go a little shorter. and it's going to go a little shorter. I'll probably end it like maybe like I'll probably end it like maybe like I'll probably end it like maybe like right here. Um and then at the bottom, right here. Um and then at the bottom, right here. Um and then at the bottom, I'm going to need one more little I'm going to need one more little I'm going to need one more little dangle. And I would invite you to use dangle. And I would invite you to use dangle. And I would invite you to use one of your charms. You could do that, one of your charms. You could do that, one of your charms. You could do that, which I didn't do on my first one, but which I didn't do on my first one, but which I didn't do on my first one, but or or a big flower or in the case of or or a big flower or in the case of or or a big flower or in the case of what I did here, create another little what I did here, create another little what I did here, create another little dangle. dangle. dangle. So, there's a really pretty idea, too. So, there's a really pretty idea, too. So, there's a really pretty idea, too. So, try stuff and see what you get. There we go. Perfect, right? This is There we go. Perfect, right? This is There we go. Perfect, right? This is going to be cute. So, I've got my crimp going to be cute. So, I've got my crimp going to be cute. So, I've got my crimp on already, and I'm going to place that on already, and I'm going to place that on already, and I'm going to place that one just to the one just to the one just to the if you're wearing it, it'll be if you're wearing it, it'll be if you're wearing it, it'll be to your right. to your right. to your right. Make sure that one stays a little over. Make sure that one stays a little over. Make sure that one stays a little over. And again, we're going to put these both And again, we're going to put these both And again, we're going to put these both over the crimp. over the crimp. over the crimp. Cuz we're perfecting this design here Cuz we're perfecting this design here Cuz we're perfecting this design here together. Your beading wire may or may not fit Your beading wire may or may not fit Your beading wire may or may not fit back through a pinch bead if you end back through a pinch bead if you end back through a pinch bead if you end with a pinch bead at the top. with a pinch bead at the top. with a pinch bead at the top. I'm a little determined, so I'm going to I'm a little determined, so I'm going to I'm a little determined, so I'm going to see if I can get it to go through, but see if I can get it to go through, but see if I can get it to go through, but let's see. Do you guys like to go through a bead Do you guys like to go through a bead Do you guys like to go through a bead after your crimps? I have a thing, it's after your crimps? I have a thing, it's after your crimps? I have a thing, it's a habit. I I like to do that. a habit. I I like to do that. a habit. I I like to do that. Here we go. And I'd like it to still have that sway And I'd like it to still have that sway And I'd like it to still have that sway and that movement. and that movement. and that movement. So, we'll make that just a only a little So, we'll make that just a only a little So, we'll make that just a only a little bit smaller. Okay. bit smaller. Okay. bit smaller. Okay. So, just holding that up. So, just holding that up. So, just holding that up. Happy with how that looks. Going to go Happy with how that looks. Going to go Happy with how that looks. Going to go ahead and bravely crimp. And we're good. And we're good. And we're good. So, there is our sweet little bolo. So, there is our sweet little bolo. So, there is our sweet little bolo. It's going to have a lot of motion It's going to have a lot of motion It's going to have a lot of motion because I made it a lot longer this because I made it a lot longer this because I made it a lot longer this time, but that is the look that I think time, but that is the look that I think time, but that is the look that I think a bolo tie should have. a bolo tie should have. a bolo tie should have. But, feel free to make any length that But, feel free to make any length that But, feel free to make any length that you like. you like. you like. So now, all we have to do is two So now, all we have to do is two So now, all we have to do is two beautiful chains. The chains are beautiful chains. The chains are beautiful chains. The chains are completely freestyle. completely freestyle. completely freestyle. Uh and what you're going to do with the Uh and what you're going to do with the Uh and what you're going to do with the chains is Well, I would suggest linking chains is Well, I would suggest linking chains is Well, I would suggest linking um and holding it up to yourself, but um and holding it up to yourself, but um and holding it up to yourself, but you could always just create the chain you could always just create the chain you could always just create the chain separately and attach it. separately and attach it. separately and attach it. Um but what we're going to do is we're Um but what we're going to do is we're Um but what we're going to do is we're going to put each chain going to put each chain going to put each chain one is going to go from here one is going to go from here one is going to go from here and the other's going to go here. and the other's going to go here. and the other's going to go here. So, you'll have So, you'll have So, you'll have And when you put it on, And when you put it on, And when you put it on, what you could do, and I'm just thinking what you could do, and I'm just thinking what you could do, and I'm just thinking out loud, is you could link the beading out loud, is you could link the beading out loud, is you could link the beading wire now so you could hold it up to wire now so you could hold it up to wire now so you could hold it up to yourself and determine where you'd like yourself and determine where you'd like yourself and determine where you'd like it to hang. But a bolo style like this it to hang. But a bolo style like this it to hang. But a bolo style like this when I was looking at like images, when I was looking at like images, when I was looking at like images, Rachel and I were thinking a longer Rachel and I were thinking a longer Rachel and I were thinking a longer would be uh more reflective of the would be uh more reflective of the would be uh more reflective of the style. So, I kind of tried to get it to style. So, I kind of tried to get it to style. So, I kind of tried to get it to be a little longer where it would be a little longer where it would be a little longer where it would suspend where it's not like a right on suspend where it's not like a right on suspend where it's not like a right on the collarbone, you know, like you want the collarbone, you know, like you want the collarbone, you know, like you want it a little a little bit lower. it a little a little bit lower. it a little a little bit lower. Um so, that's where I'm going with my Um so, that's where I'm going with my Um so, that's where I'm going with my necklace the chain links. But again, necklace the chain links. But again, necklace the chain links. But again, like I said, you can really play with like I said, you can really play with like I said, you can really play with it. And I think this one I went with it. And I think this one I went with it. And I think this one I went with just chunky. I went with big big beads just chunky. I went with big big beads just chunky. I went with big big beads and just kept going. You can do that or and just kept going. You can do that or and just kept going. You can do that or if you want to do a pattern, feel free if you want to do a pattern, feel free if you want to do a pattern, feel free to do a pattern. Um here off camera, I'm to do a pattern. Um here off camera, I'm to do a pattern. Um here off camera, I'm going to just hit the pause button in my going to just hit the pause button in my going to just hit the pause button in my recording and I'm going to start recording and I'm going to start recording and I'm going to start stringing something I like and I'm going stringing something I like and I'm going stringing something I like and I'm going to to to put it together and hold it up to me and put it together and hold it up to me and put it together and hold it up to me and we'll I'll I'll turn the camera back on we'll I'll I'll turn the camera back on we'll I'll I'll turn the camera back on a couple times and show you my progress, a couple times and show you my progress, a couple times and show you my progress, but I'm going to play with making a very but I'm going to play with making a very but I'm going to play with making a very creative chain and any beads are welcome creative chain and any beads are welcome creative chain and any beads are welcome to be part of that. You guys, look at my beautiful chain You guys, look at my beautiful chain You guys, look at my beautiful chain pattern. pattern. pattern. I did not do a pattern on the first one I did not do a pattern on the first one I did not do a pattern on the first one obviously, but I really wanted to do obviously, but I really wanted to do obviously, but I really wanted to do something on this one that I thought I something on this one that I thought I something on this one that I thought I thought this was cute and it has lots of thought this was cute and it has lots of thought this was cute and it has lots of pops of color. Um oh, and I forgot my pops of color. Um oh, and I forgot my pops of color. Um oh, and I forgot my pinch beads here, but this is going to pinch beads here, but this is going to pinch beads here, but this is going to be really nice. So, I'm going to take be really nice. So, I'm going to take be really nice. So, I'm going to take this out to a good length and then we're this out to a good length and then we're this out to a good length and then we're going to just uh we're going to do some going to just uh we're going to do some going to just uh we're going to do some test measures. So, like I'm going to put test measures. So, like I'm going to put test measures. So, like I'm going to put it on it on it on and see how I like it. and see how I like it. and see how I like it. But basically, this is the pattern I But basically, this is the pattern I But basically, this is the pattern I have going for this one. So, I think I'm there on length. Um and So, I think I'm there on length. Um and So, I think I'm there on length. Um and keep in mind you could always do what I keep in mind you could always do what I keep in mind you could always do what I did on this design which was I had a did on this design which was I had a did on this design which was I had a very long adjustable chain. very long adjustable chain. very long adjustable chain. Um so, I'm going to go ahead and hold Um so, I'm going to go ahead and hold Um so, I'm going to go ahead and hold this up. Let me switch my camera really this up. Let me switch my camera really this up. Let me switch my camera really quick. quick. quick. And apologies that bright light is here, And apologies that bright light is here, And apologies that bright light is here, but um how I usually do this is I will but um how I usually do this is I will but um how I usually do this is I will take and take and take and decide where I want my pendant to decide where I want my pendant to decide where I want my pendant to suspend. So, for me, I want it to go suspend. So, for me, I want it to go suspend. So, for me, I want it to go like I think it's a good length that's like I think it's a good length that's like I think it's a good length that's like right kind of at the center here. like right kind of at the center here. like right kind of at the center here. And so, I think I'm there on length. And so, I think I'm there on length. And so, I think I'm there on length. So, now now that I have a pattern, I can So, now now that I have a pattern, I can So, now now that I have a pattern, I can copy my pattern. So, it's a little copy my pattern. So, it's a little copy my pattern. So, it's a little easier if you do a pattern, but even if easier if you do a pattern, but even if easier if you do a pattern, but even if you do rando, you can just hold it up. you do rando, you can just hold it up. you do rando, you can just hold it up. So, I'm just going to crimp this end, So, I'm just going to crimp this end, So, I'm just going to crimp this end, and I'm going to put a lobster claw on and I'm going to put a lobster claw on and I'm going to put a lobster claw on one side. one side. one side. So, you can see this side of the chain So, you can see this side of the chain So, you can see this side of the chain is all attached. I've got my lobster is all attached. I've got my lobster is all attached. I've got my lobster claw here. This side, I'm going to go claw here. This side, I'm going to go claw here. This side, I'm going to go ahead and put my crimp on. ahead and put my crimp on. ahead and put my crimp on. Another strand of beading wire. Uh I'm Another strand of beading wire. Uh I'm Another strand of beading wire. Uh I'm still on the spool right now. I haven't still on the spool right now. I haven't still on the spool right now. I haven't quite measured yet. I'm going to show quite measured yet. I'm going to show quite measured yet. I'm going to show you how to measure that, you how to measure that, you how to measure that, but I'm still still on my spool. but I'm still still on my spool. but I'm still still on my spool. And I'm going to bring the And I'm going to bring the And I'm going to bring the I've got this on its reverse side right I've got this on its reverse side right I've got this on its reverse side right now. I'm going to bring this strand now. I'm going to bring this strand now. I'm going to bring this strand to be right here. to be right here. to be right here. So, bring it on So, bring it on So, bring it on and under. And then I'm just going to slide that And then I'm just going to slide that And then I'm just going to slide that down. All right. So, um what I want to do now All right. So, um what I want to do now All right. So, um what I want to do now is I do have to cut free from the spool is I do have to cut free from the spool is I do have to cut free from the spool so I can string. so I can string. so I can string. So, just to give you a heads-up on how So, just to give you a heads-up on how So, just to give you a heads-up on how to measure, to measure, to measure, just go ahead and pull just go ahead and pull just go ahead and pull like this, see, along your chain. like this, see, along your chain. like this, see, along your chain. And you know you're going to want to And you know you're going to want to And you know you're going to want to match your pattern. match your pattern. match your pattern. And then when you reach where you're And then when you reach where you're And then when you reach where you're going to have your crimp, right here, going to have your crimp, right here, going to have your crimp, right here, give yourself some extra length. give yourself some extra length. give yourself some extra length. And I'm usually pretty generous with it And I'm usually pretty generous with it And I'm usually pretty generous with it cuz I don't like to have to fumble cuz I don't like to have to fumble cuz I don't like to have to fumble with folding it and with folding it and with folding it and so, I give myself an extra inch or two. so, I give myself an extra inch or two. so, I give myself an extra inch or two. All right. So, what I'm going to do now All right. So, what I'm going to do now All right. So, what I'm going to do now is copy copy this strand onto this is copy copy this strand onto this is copy copy this strand onto this beading wire. So, here's my beautiful chain. So, here's my beautiful chain. So, here's my beautiful chain. All finished up and it's nice cuz you All finished up and it's nice cuz you All finished up and it's nice cuz you can match it like lay it next to side by can match it like lay it next to side by can match it like lay it next to side by side. Make sure you get your you know, side. Make sure you get your you know, side. Make sure you get your you know, your dimensions right, your colors your dimensions right, your colors your dimensions right, your colors right. Things are looking okay to me. right. Things are looking okay to me. right. Things are looking okay to me. Don't be afraid to check it a few times Don't be afraid to check it a few times Don't be afraid to check it a few times though cuz so many times you guys I've though cuz so many times you guys I've though cuz so many times you guys I've made these and made these and made these and and sometimes I spot errors, but and sometimes I spot errors, but and sometimes I spot errors, but they'll just look together. Not that it would be the end of the Not that it would be the end of the Not that it would be the end of the world, but you know how you know how I world, but you know how you know how I world, but you know how you know how I am. am. am. So, I want to be right. So, there we go. So, I want to be right. So, there we go. So, I want to be right. So, there we go. And uh I just have some extender chain. And uh I just have some extender chain. And uh I just have some extender chain. I like to put chain at the end of I like to put chain at the end of I like to put chain at the end of necklaces so that it is customizable. We'll go back through our green bead. We'll go back through our green bead. We'll go back through our green bead. It's a nice bead to end with because it It's a nice bead to end with because it It's a nice bead to end with because it has a really easy to get through hole. And then And then And then I'm going to just, you know, do the I'm going to just, you know, do the I'm going to just, you know, do the thing I like to do where I give it some thing I like to do where I give it some thing I like to do where I give it some wave, right? Make sure I'm getting the wave, right? Make sure I'm getting the wave, right? Make sure I'm getting the tightness right. Okay. Okay. Okay. And we'll crimp here. Trim. Trim. Trim. And try. And try. And try. Let's try it on. Let me show you on the Let's try it on. Let me show you on the Let's try it on. Let me show you on the mat really quick. Just one more mat really quick. Just one more mat really quick. Just one more glance at the gorgeousness. glance at the gorgeousness. glance at the gorgeousness. And again, everything's going to spin a And again, everything's going to spin a And again, everything's going to spin a little bit, but don't worry about that. little bit, but don't worry about that. little bit, but don't worry about that. So, there's the bolo section. Starts So, there's the bolo section. Starts So, there's the bolo section. Starts here with our little ring. here with our little ring. here with our little ring. And then here's our gorgeous chain and And then here's our gorgeous chain and And then here's our gorgeous chain and again, this time I did a pattern. again, this time I did a pattern. again, this time I did a pattern. It's going to achieve a little different It's going to achieve a little different It's going to achieve a little different look. look. look. All right. So, All right. So, All right. So, that's perfect. that's perfect. that's perfect. The length is exactly where I wanted it. The length is exactly where I wanted it. The length is exactly where I wanted it. So, I was going for and let me make the So, I was going for and let me make the So, I was going for and let me make the light a little better for you guys to light a little better for you guys to light a little better for you guys to see. I was going for the length to be see. I was going for the length to be see. I was going for the length to be not collar. So, I sometimes you see with not collar. So, I sometimes you see with not collar. So, I sometimes you see with bolos if a guys like wearing it with bolos if a guys like wearing it with bolos if a guys like wearing it with like a like a button tie shirt, they like a like a button tie shirt, they like a like a button tie shirt, they might scrunch it up, but I wanted for might scrunch it up, but I wanted for might scrunch it up, but I wanted for this necklace to be more feminine and so this necklace to be more feminine and so this necklace to be more feminine and so it would be hanging down. But, keep in it would be hanging down. But, keep in it would be hanging down. But, keep in mind that can you can, if you want to, mind that can you can, if you want to, mind that can you can, if you want to, make this any length based on just make this any length based on just make this any length based on just change the length of your chain here. change the length of your chain here. change the length of your chain here. And then, you can make these ties any And then, you can make these ties any And then, you can make these ties any length. And so, as you saw it maybe length. And so, as you saw it maybe length. And so, as you saw it maybe comparison from the other one to this comparison from the other one to this comparison from the other one to this one, I like I vastly prefer the longer one, I like I vastly prefer the longer one, I like I vastly prefer the longer ties. So, I think it just gives it more ties. So, I think it just gives it more ties. So, I think it just gives it more symmetry. Like, it kind of balances it, symmetry. Like, it kind of balances it, symmetry. Like, it kind of balances it, right? right? right? Uh but, I can always pop the other one Uh but, I can always pop the other one Uh but, I can always pop the other one on just so you can see on just so you can see on just so you can see the difference if you make your dangles the difference if you make your dangles the difference if you make your dangles different lengths. So, here was the different lengths. So, here was the different lengths. So, here was the prototype. The one that we showed in the prototype. The one that we showed in the prototype. The one that we showed in the beginning. And on that one, I'm going to hook it to And on that one, I'm going to hook it to And on that one, I'm going to hook it to the same the same the same spot on my chain here. And on that one, we got And on that one, we got And on that one, we got I achieved the same length here, I achieved the same length here, I achieved the same length here, but you see the ties seem a little bit but you see the ties seem a little bit but you see the ties seem a little bit shorter. And so, shorter. And so, shorter. And so, I don't know. I feel like I don't know. I feel like I don't know. I feel like I preferred I preferred I preferred the longer ones. What do you guys think? the longer ones. What do you guys think? the longer ones. What do you guys think? Anyway, that's the whole idea. And both Anyway, that's the whole idea. And both Anyway, that's the whole idea. And both of them next to each other. See if I can hold them up. See if I can hold them up. See if I can hold them up. They're pretty cute. Oh, my goodness. They're pretty cute. Oh, my goodness. They're pretty cute. Oh, my goodness. So, yeah. Um let's make a matching pair So, yeah. Um let's make a matching pair So, yeah. Um let's make a matching pair of earrings. So, this is a very cute technique that So, this is a very cute technique that So, this is a very cute technique that you can try. We'll create using the same you can try. We'll create using the same you can try. We'll create using the same kind of, you know, beading wire looping kind of, you know, beading wire looping kind of, you know, beading wire looping that we've been using on lately. Um that we've been using on lately. Um that we've been using on lately. Um you're going to need to create just a you're going to need to create just a you're going to need to create just a couple little components. So, couple little components. So, couple little components. So, you need two eye pins and two head pins. you need two eye pins and two head pins. you need two eye pins and two head pins. Or, if you only have head pins, just Or, if you only have head pins, just Or, if you only have head pins, just grab four and we will make our own. grab four and we will make our own. grab four and we will make our own. You could also use craft wire here if You could also use craft wire here if You could also use craft wire here if you want. you want. you want. I like the head pins cuz they tend to be I like the head pins cuz they tend to be I like the head pins cuz they tend to be a little more um a little more um a little more um you know, they're hardened wire, so they you know, they're hardened wire, so they you know, they're hardened wire, so they tend to be easier to do a simple loop tend to be easier to do a simple loop tend to be easier to do a simple loop with. And I like the look of a simple with. And I like the look of a simple with. And I like the look of a simple loop on this particular component. So, loop on this particular component. So, loop on this particular component. So, I'm going to use these gorgeous chevron I'm going to use these gorgeous chevron I'm going to use these gorgeous chevron leaves. It's one of my favorite beads in leaves. It's one of my favorite beads in leaves. It's one of my favorite beads in the collection. Going to need four of the collection. Going to need four of the collection. Going to need four of them. And start by creating And start by creating And start by creating uh two dangles. You twist two of each uh two dangles. You twist two of each uh two dangles. You twist two of each together. together. together. And all I did there was I headpin And all I did there was I headpin And all I did there was I headpin folded it folded it folded it trimmed to a quarter inch trimmed to a quarter inch trimmed to a quarter inch roughly. roughly. roughly. And then I do like to And then I do like to And then I do like to use the bail former use the bail former use the bail former to bring that right up. to bring that right up. to bring that right up. So, make one of those. So, make one of those. So, make one of those. And same thing, we're going to make a And same thing, we're going to make a And same thing, we're going to make a eye pin with another headpin. And get that one. Trim the top off if you need to. And another chevron leaf. And this time I'm going to bend this And this time I'm going to bend this And this time I'm going to bend this forward. Trim to a quarter inch. And I'm going to use the bail formers And I'm going to use the bail formers And I'm going to use the bail formers again. So, there we have So, there we have So, there we have cute dangle. And one of these. So, make two more like And one of these. So, make two more like And one of these. So, make two more like that. that. that. And I'll do that here at the end. We'll And I'll do that here at the end. We'll And I'll do that here at the end. We'll just keep going on this one. just keep going on this one. just keep going on this one. Uh the next thing we're going to do is Uh the next thing we're going to do is Uh the next thing we're going to do is we're going to need our beads. So, the we're going to need our beads. So, the we're going to need our beads. So, the beads that I used, and again, any beads beads that I used, and again, any beads beads that I used, and again, any beads you want for me, but I used were the you want for me, but I used were the you want for me, but I used were the pinch beads pinch beads pinch beads the cactus color melon beads, and then I the cactus color melon beads, and then I the cactus color melon beads, and then I used some of those green beads that we used some of those green beads that we used some of those green beads that we had out earlier. Two for each earring. Two for each earring. Two for each earring. They're just going to be there at the They're just going to be there at the They're just going to be there at the top. For your beading wire, you're going top. For your beading wire, you're going top. For your beading wire, you're going to need um you know, don't worry about to need um you know, don't worry about to need um you know, don't worry about making it exact. Just go for making it exact. Just go for making it exact. Just go for I think in this case it was I think in this case it was I think in this case it was What I usually do is measure like that What I usually do is measure like that What I usually do is measure like that and then we'll just trip uh quadruple and then we'll just trip uh quadruple and then we'll just trip uh quadruple it. So, 1 2 3 4. I'm going to go right it. So, 1 2 3 4. I'm going to go right it. So, 1 2 3 4. I'm going to go right about there. I eyeball measurements a about there. I eyeball measurements a about there. I eyeball measurements a lot, but let me get you a measurement. Go for 10 in Go for 10 in Go for 10 in and that's probably too much, but it's and that's probably too much, but it's and that's probably too much, but it's okay. okay. okay. You'll make it. You'll make it. You'll make it. I'm going to start with a crimp bead. And you'll need two for each earring. And you'll need two for each earring. And you'll need two for each earring. Two crimp beads for each earring. And bring that on. And bring that to about the midpoint. And bring that to about the midpoint. And bring that to about the midpoint. And then if you would like, And then if you would like, And then if you would like, you can crimp it there. And that is what you can crimp it there. And that is what you can crimp it there. And that is what I did on mine because I wanted to hold I did on mine because I wanted to hold I did on mine because I wanted to hold my midpoint my midpoint my midpoint and I didn't want it to wiggle while I and I didn't want it to wiggle while I and I didn't want it to wiggle while I was working. So, got my midpoint marked. So, got my midpoint marked. So, got my midpoint marked. And I just went ahead and crimped it. Again, that's optional if you want to. Again, that's optional if you want to. Again, that's optional if you want to. Bring on the dangle. That is a Bring on the dangle. That is a Bring on the dangle. That is a headpin one. And on either side you're going to put a And on either side you're going to put a And on either side you're going to put a pinch bead. So, we'll put a pinch bead here. So, we'll put a pinch bead here. So, we'll put a pinch bead here. And then on the other side I'm going to And then on the other side I'm going to And then on the other side I'm going to put a pinch bead on. So, you're going to get that. So, you're going to get that. So, you're going to get that. Sorry, if I got Do you close there? Sorry, if I got Do you close there? Sorry, if I got Do you close there? Okay. So, um Okay. So, um Okay. So, um And now for what I call the cactus And now for what I call the cactus And now for what I call the cactus melons. These are so pretty. I think in melons. These are so pretty. I think in melons. These are so pretty. I think in this box, it's really hard to choose a this box, it's really hard to choose a this box, it's really hard to choose a favorite bead, but if I was pressed to favorite bead, but if I was pressed to favorite bead, but if I was pressed to do so, uh this is my favorite my do so, uh this is my favorite my do so, uh this is my favorite my favorite one. favorite one. favorite one. And I said that about the leaves, too. And I said that about the leaves, too. And I said that about the leaves, too. So, you guys see my my dilemma, but oh So, you guys see my my dilemma, but oh So, you guys see my my dilemma, but oh my gosh, look at that. my gosh, look at that. my gosh, look at that. Make sure you grab the extras before me. Make sure you grab the extras before me. Make sure you grab the extras before me. I can't be trusted. I'll buy them all. They're so cute. So, what I'm doing here They're so cute. So, what I'm doing here They're so cute. So, what I'm doing here is um is um is um cactus bead, cactus bead, cactus bead, and then we're going to follow that with and then we're going to follow that with and then we're going to follow that with another pinch bead. another pinch bead. another pinch bead. Same thing on each side. Same thing on each side. Same thing on each side. And now we need two more of the cactus And now we need two more of the cactus And now we need two more of the cactus beads. beads. beads. One on each side. One on each side. One on each side. There's one. And one. And one. And one. And one more pinch bead. Okay. On the And one more pinch bead. Okay. On the And one more pinch bead. Okay. On the pinch bead, pinch bead, pinch bead, cross the cross the wire through it. And this is your chance to get that And this is your chance to get that And this is your chance to get that tight. tight. tight. And once you've got that as you like it, And once you've got that as you like it, And once you've got that as you like it, follow up with two more cactus beads. Here's one on one side. Here's one on one side. Here's one on one side. One on the other. One on the other. One on the other. We need two pinch beads, one on each We need two pinch beads, one on each We need two pinch beads, one on each side. And then I just liked how this looked. And then I just liked how this looked. And then I just liked how this looked. This is optional if you like it, but I This is optional if you like it, but I This is optional if you like it, but I like the look of the green. And then we're going to need And then we're going to need And then we're going to need another crimp. another crimp. another crimp. And you you can't put the dangle on this And you you can't put the dangle on this And you you can't put the dangle on this one yet, because what we're going to one yet, because what we're going to one yet, because what we're going to need to do is crimp it, so need to do is crimp it, so need to do is crimp it, so that's why we did simple loops so we can that's why we did simple loops so we can that's why we did simple loops so we can open them. open them. open them. Bring your beading wire through the Bring your beading wire through the Bring your beading wire through the green bead. And then let's pull and tighten all of And then let's pull and tighten all of And then let's pull and tighten all of that. that. that. And one thing that's going to happen is And one thing that's going to happen is And one thing that's going to happen is you're going to have a lot of space you're going to have a lot of space you're going to have a lot of space here. here. here. You're going to have to kind of You're going to have to kind of You're going to have to kind of encourage encourage encourage each side each side each side to consume that space. to consume that space. to consume that space. And then it is a little tricky. I keep And then it is a little tricky. I keep And then it is a little tricky. I keep having one side and tighten the other. So roughly like that. And then when you get your crimp tool in And then when you get your crimp tool in And then when you get your crimp tool in there, you might have to tighten it there, you might have to tighten it there, you might have to tighten it again. And there is one way to do this. again. And there is one way to do this. again. And there is one way to do this. Bite one side. And if you do that, I just usually And if you do that, I just usually And if you do that, I just usually literally just bite that side and then literally just bite that side and then literally just bite that side and then pull that side. I know it's pull that side. I know it's pull that side. I know it's it's a little bit it's a little bit it's a little bit um it's like I can't think of a word. um it's like I can't think of a word. um it's like I can't think of a word. Bohemian, I guess. Bohemian, I guess. Bohemian, I guess. There we go. Okay. There we go. Okay. There we go. Okay. But it works and if it works, it works, But it works and if it works, it works, But it works and if it works, it works, right? And that's another reason to make your And that's another reason to make your And that's another reason to make your loops a little longer. And there we go. So all we have to do And there we go. So all we have to do And there we go. So all we have to do now is I'm going to grab an ear wire. There's this one here. There's this one here. There's this one here. And open that ear wire at the end. I'll And open that ear wire at the end. I'll And open that ear wire at the end. I'll open this one first. open this one first. open this one first. So finding the open side of my simple So finding the open side of my simple So finding the open side of my simple loop. Close that. And then often I'll kind of like line And then often I'll kind of like line And then often I'll kind of like line them up. One thing I want to mention them up. One thing I want to mention them up. One thing I want to mention here is you're going to want to have here is you're going to want to have here is you're going to want to have these be perpendicular to each other. So these be perpendicular to each other. So these be perpendicular to each other. So you see how right now they're parallel. you see how right now they're parallel. you see how right now they're parallel. Just turn it like that. Just turn it like that. Just turn it like that. So that your loop that your wire is So that your loop that your wire is So that your loop that your wire is going on going on going on is facing that way. is facing that way. is facing that way. See? So it looks like that. And now we See? So it looks like that. And now we See? So it looks like that. And now we get our ear wire going. get our ear wire going. get our ear wire going. We'll put that on this way. Simple easy pair of earrings. Little Simple easy pair of earrings. Little Simple easy pair of earrings. Little cactus loops. cactus loops. cactus loops. I need to make the matching pair for the I need to make the matching pair for the I need to make the matching pair for the third one there, but there they are. And third one there, but there they are. And third one there, but there they are. And so you can really make a lot of so you can really make a lot of so you can really make a lot of different earrings in this style using different earrings in this style using different earrings in this style using different beads. different beads. different beads. So here's the earrings. So here's the earrings. So here's the earrings. They look nice, right? They're really They look nice, right? They're really They look nice, right? They're really fun. Neat little style. fun. Neat little style. fun. Neat little style. They'll move around on you a little bit They'll move around on you a little bit They'll move around on you a little bit with the spinning of those little cactus with the spinning of those little cactus with the spinning of those little cactus leaves or with those forgive me, they leaves or with those forgive me, they leaves or with those forgive me, they are the chevron leaves, but I keep are the chevron leaves, but I keep are the chevron leaves, but I keep calling them cactus leaves cuz that's calling them cactus leaves cuz that's calling them cactus leaves cuz that's how they look to me. And then again, how they look to me. And then again, how they look to me. And then again, once again, this is the bolo once again, this is the bolo once again, this is the bolo necklace, bolo tie necklace. And all necklace, bolo tie necklace. And all necklace, bolo tie necklace. And all these, you know, ideas can be of course these, you know, ideas can be of course these, you know, ideas can be of course customized into something that you think customized into something that you think customized into something that you think is really cool. is really cool. is really cool. Um but I really think these came out Um but I really think these came out Um but I really think these came out perfect for what I was going for. So perfect for what I was going for. So perfect for what I was going for. So yeah. yeah. yeah. Earrings one more time and a big thank Earrings one more time and a big thank Earrings one more time and a big thank you. I love the Mojave Desert Box, this you. I love the Mojave Desert Box, this you. I love the Mojave Desert Box, this one, you know, near and dear to my one, you know, near and dear to my one, you know, near and dear to my heart. I have gotten to do heart. I have gotten to do heart. I have gotten to do four boxes now Sam's Bead Shop and this four boxes now Sam's Bead Shop and this four boxes now Sam's Bead Shop and this one I like every time I think we can't one I like every time I think we can't one I like every time I think we can't top the last one. Um even though they're top the last one. Um even though they're top the last one. Um even though they're all great, like I still like wow, all great, like I still like wow, all great, like I still like wow, there's just things we can do that are there's just things we can do that are there's just things we can do that are so cool. So this one I love because I so cool. So this one I love because I so cool. So this one I love because I did grow up in the area and I like the did grow up in the area and I like the did grow up in the area and I like the colors and it brings back a lot of colors and it brings back a lot of colors and it brings back a lot of memories for me. I also just really love memories for me. I also just really love memories for me. I also just really love the wanderer bohemian style. Like before the wanderer bohemian style. Like before the wanderer bohemian style. Like before we when we were designing this, we kind we when we were designing this, we kind we when we were designing this, we kind of thought like oh, we're going to call of thought like oh, we're going to call of thought like oh, we're going to call it the wandering lariat cuz it's got all it the wandering lariat cuz it's got all it the wandering lariat cuz it's got all these like just kind of lost in the these like just kind of lost in the these like just kind of lost in the desert finds, you know, going along. But desert finds, you know, going along. But desert finds, you know, going along. But um then it it just looks so much like a um then it it just looks so much like a um then it it just looks so much like a bolo tie that that's what popped out. So bolo tie that that's what popped out. So bolo tie that that's what popped out. So you can not go wrong. You're going to you can not go wrong. You're going to you can not go wrong. You're going to get something you love with every could get something you love with every could get something you love with every could just string these and you'll have just string these and you'll have just string these and you'll have something so happy and beautiful. So, I something so happy and beautiful. So, I something so happy and beautiful. So, I can't wait to see what you create. Post can't wait to see what you create. Post can't wait to see what you create. Post it in Gem Chat so I can see. And um it in Gem Chat so I can see. And um it in Gem Chat so I can see. And um please join me for the next class. The please join me for the next class. The please join me for the next class. The next class is going to be another pair next class is going to be another pair next class is going to be another pair of earrings and a loom project. I'm of earrings and a loom project. I'm of earrings and a loom project. I'm going to show you really quick. going to show you really quick. going to show you really quick. So, if you So, if you So, if you felt like these earrings are a little felt like these earrings are a little felt like these earrings are a little too sedated, too sedated, too sedated, we're going to go to town on earrings. we're going to go to town on earrings. we're going to go to town on earrings. Check these out. These are wild. These Check these out. These are wild. These Check these out. These are wild. These are big and but they're light because are big and but they're light because are big and but they're light because it's a wooden component. You could turn it's a wooden component. You could turn it's a wooden component. You could turn this into a pendant if this is uh this into a pendant if this is uh this into a pendant if this is uh something that you think would look good something that you think would look good something that you think would look good as a pendant, too. Um there's three of as a pendant, too. Um there's three of as a pendant, too. Um there's three of them in your box, so you can make a them in your box, so you can make a them in your box, so you can make a pendant and a matching pair of earrings. pendant and a matching pair of earrings. pendant and a matching pair of earrings. Um but those are going to be really, Um but those are going to be really, Um but those are going to be really, really fun. And last but not least, I really fun. And last but not least, I really fun. And last but not least, I have a loom project for you that I'm have a loom project for you that I'm have a loom project for you that I'm going to be teaching. going to be teaching. going to be teaching. And this one, we're going to do some And this one, we're going to do some And this one, we're going to do some macrame at the end to create a little macrame at the end to create a little macrame at the end to create a little closure. closure. closure. And the way that this closure works is And the way that this closure works is And the way that this closure works is you get a sort of um looped appearance you get a sort of um looped appearance you get a sort of um looped appearance here. So, let me hold it up closer so here. So, let me hold it up closer so here. So, let me hold it up closer so you can see how square knotted. And then you can see how square knotted. And then you can see how square knotted. And then on one side you have these on one side you have these on one side you have these beads that are like your button. beads that are like your button. beads that are like your button. And so, that's going to be really fun. And so, that's going to be really fun. And so, that's going to be really fun. We'll do that together. I do have one We'll do that together. I do have one We'll do that together. I do have one more project in work, which is going to more project in work, which is going to more project in work, which is going to be a macrame bracelet that features that be a macrame bracelet that features that be a macrame bracelet that features that little bracelet component. little bracelet component. little bracelet component. And I just had it out and I set it down And I just had it out and I set it down And I just had it out and I set it down a while but do you remember the one? Oh, a while but do you remember the one? Oh, a while but do you remember the one? Oh, here it is. Okay, so this one. here it is. Okay, so this one. here it is. Okay, so this one. Um you'll have seen this if you watched Um you'll have seen this if you watched Um you'll have seen this if you watched the unboxing cuz I'll have it done by the unboxing cuz I'll have it done by the unboxing cuz I'll have it done by then. But I'm filming this before I've then. But I'm filming this before I've then. But I'm filming this before I've finished this one, so I don't have it to finished this one, so I don't have it to finished this one, so I don't have it to hold up now, but I will by then. hold up now, but I will by then. hold up now, but I will by then. So, you'll know what I've what I've got So, you'll know what I've what I've got So, you'll know what I've what I've got that done. And then guess what I didn't that done. And then guess what I didn't that done. And then guess what I didn't use yet? These beautifuls. use yet? These beautifuls. use yet? These beautifuls. I need to do something with these. Maybe I need to do something with these. Maybe I need to do something with these. Maybe another pair of earrings. Maybe I don't another pair of earrings. Maybe I don't another pair of earrings. Maybe I don't I don't know. So, I can't wait to see I don't know. So, I can't wait to see I don't know. So, I can't wait to see what you make and I'll catch you for the what you make and I'll catch you for the what you make and I'll catch you for the next one. Bye for now. >> Mhm.