Hey everybody and welcome back to the
Jedi Nights Watch. My name is Graham and
today we're going to be doing a video on
the Maju Space Mono, a final production
review. If you've been watching the
channel, you saw that we did a prototype
review and then I did a live stream
about the changes that were going to be
made. But now I finally have the new
parts in and I wanted to do one final
review for you guys. So without further
ado, let's take a look at the Maju Space
Mono. Here it is in front of our very
eyes. Some of the big changes are going
to be that um the Plexiglass shelves are
now going to be the standard. I think
this is a really good thing. Although I
do think both shelves have pros and
cons, but look at the thickness on this
Plexiglass. It blew me away. Now the
weight limit is going to be 10 lbs. But
Brian from Majuspace said you can
probably get three Iron Man figures
still on one shelf. So I think that's
pretty good. One of the cons is that
you're going to see fingerprints on
the Plexiglass shelves. Whereas if you
use the felt shelves, you're not going
to really see that. However, these
shelves also are going to let a lot more
light pass through. Plus, you're just
going to be able to see your figures a
lot easier at the bottom. And it is
going to be super easy to clean your
plexiglass shelves. This is the stuff
that I use. It works really well with a
microfiber rag. Just give it a little
bit of a spritz and then take your rag
and just wipe it off and you're good to
go. So, it's not too bad. They are
fingerprint magnets, but you can easily
clean them. Don't forget to use my link
below and save yourself $20 off on Modu
cases. Unfortunately, the Mono doesn't
um apply for the $20 off, but still,
please use my link. It really helps the
channel out a lot, and you can save some
money on some Modu cases, which are
amazing in their own right. Now, as we
go forward with this review, you can see
that the lights here, you can see the
little light shining through. So,
they're adhered to the sides here.
They're super super thin. I couldn't
believe it. A lot thinner than the other
ones. And then they hook together up on
the top and then they kind of lock into
the channel. But here's just a
reference. These were the original
lights that came with it. And you can
just see the size difference. So, Brian
did a bangup job just getting these
lights to be a lot thinner because a lot
of you wanted these bevels to be
thinner, too. And we're going to see
that the front panel also has thinner
bevels, which is going to just give you
more of a viewing area. There you can
see just the wires that are hidden on
top. Now, I have mine wired to the
bottom in this channel because that's
how I wired the the prototype. You could
flip the back panel like upside down and
do the lighting at the top like you
would with Modu cases. And then you
won't see this at the bottom. But you
will have that link at the bottom then
that we saw at the top. Here's a good
look at the felt shelves. They're going
to be thick as well. These can hold 22
lb. So, if you have like statues or
anything like that, I think this is a
really good option for you. Um, does
come with two sides, but then here you
can see the plexiglass in the background
as well. So, here you get your good your
first look at the um at the the mono
itself with the plexiglass shelves. You
can see the light just shines on both
sides of the case itself and has a nice
even lit. And then when we flip that
around, we can see what it looks like
with the felt shelves. And you can kind
of see it's still very nice, but
obviously there's some dark spots and it
kind of hinders, you know, seeing that
bottom shelf a little bit. But just so
you guys could see what both options
look like, you know, here they are. And
I think the price is also going to be
awesome. Brian got this thing down to
$1.99 before shipping. I think that's
awesome. We were talking about like 240
at the beginning. So $1.99 is is
awesome. like for the Bitens. I mean, to
customize those and do all the work
yourself, you're really looking at close
to $200 yourself. So, this is an all-in
case that looks nice. It's like a nice
piece of furniture and you don't have to
do anything extra. We also changed the
um the power adapter. So, this is going
to be a strong enough power adapter to
char to power on these lights. And then
he did give us a dimmer, too. It's got
an on and an off and then a swivel to
kind of um go in between. And I like
this because you can go to whatever
brightness you know you see fit. So if
you want to crank it all the way up,
then that's perfectly fine. And here you
can see we have our remote and we're
just going to give it a little test run
and um swivel it so you can kind of see
all of the different um exposures of the
light here. So you can basically go all
the way down to nothing and then you can
kind of find your sweet spot here or go
all the way up which I kind of find that
I because the lights are thinner, they
don't emit as much light as the previous
lights did. So I kind of find that I go
towards the top here. It's got a nice um
little handle here so you can pull off
the um the front panel without really
having to pry your finger in there. And
we're just going to start putting some
figures in so you guys can see what this
mono looks like. Deck to the nine when
we're we're going to use Bad Batch
figures here because Bad Batch just
ended. I'm on a Bad Batch high. They all
go well together. I mean, but you see
how much space you have here. So even uh
Recorder here has a lot like 3 in
between him and the next shelf. So you
can adjust these shelves to whatever
height you want to. They're screwed in.
And that is the other nice thing about
this case is that if you have something
taller, you can uh adjust the shelves or
take a shelf out and you won't really
even notice the difference. Um you can
if you have two quarter scale figures,
you can do two shelves that are, you
know, bigger than the other ones or
taller than the other ones. So I think
the um I think it's just endless with
the capabilities. Now, the one thing is
with the panel on here, you can still
see the lights. Uh um they do kind of
show through just a little bit. That's
not a dealbreaker for me, but that is
kind of, you know, one of the things
that people wanted a a thinner bezel and
we got thinner lights, but at the same
time, you're still going to kind of see
those lights on the edges there on the
front. Not a big deal, but something to
note. The light does look a little bit
different from my Maju cases. It is a
pure white light, but at the same time,
it just looks different. Almost like a
little bit warmer or a little bit I
don't know. I I just feel like the cases
maybe because it's still a big light,
you know, on the figures. Um I I think
the cases still have a nicer look to
them. And the the thing that I like
about this is I like it a lot better
than the Bitens. And I didn't want to
mention them too much cuz I want this to
be a video of the mono, but I like this
a lot better because I think Majuspace
is really good at giving you an all-in
case. And they give you so much
flexibility as a collector that you can
do so many things like you can you can
put three figures on on the top shelf
and it will still look good. You can
adjust the shelves. It's same with the
Modu cases. You can have so many options
on how you want to display and that's
what I love about this mono. So I'm
super excited to get myself another
mono. They're going to be up for order
in batches. So stay tuned to the
website. Don't forget to use my link.
Let me know in the comments what you
think of this video and if you're
picking up yourself a Maju Space Mono.
Don't forget to like, subscribe, and
ring that bell. Thank you so much for
watching and until next time, stay safe
out there and we'll see you soon.
Heat.
