Hi it's Scott from the Victor Satin. I've got the brand new Pantera X3 lightweight carbon fiber chair. I'm going to take a close look in a minute starting at the footrest to show you the side cards what adjustability is available on the chair. Check out the video our other video on the YouTube channel where we get the chair on a set of our wheelchair scales and compare it to some of the models. But if you're looking for a lightweight chair that you can customize to yourself you will not beat this chair. I'm surprised on how mighty it is. I mean literally I'm able to lift the whole chair up on the lap and if you were taking the wheels off transferring it like I do onto the passenger seat it would be so easy to do with one hand. Let's take a close look and point out some of the features of the chair. So a neat feature is the brake. It's actually a single arm brake that you do from the one side you can have it on the left or the right and as you can see it puts the brake on both sides. Not really seen on many of the other models or if any of the other models other than Pantera. I've not used it myself but I'm actually liking the idea you just pull it out slightly put it on and then you've locked both. So if you had something in your hand for example you left hand and you wanted to do it with a right I could see that becoming a nice feature of your chair. So that's the brake, footrest. Obviously the strength has changed it to titanium but still keeping the lightweight it's adjustable so the lower leg which is the measurement from the canvas down to the footrest can be adjusted. Castor wheels, lightweight caster wheels with a fork pretty standard there. Now in terms of the center of gravity the way it works on the chair I'm just going to pull this edge slightly. I don't know if you can see there where this is. So if you imagine this is a square at the moment it's in bottom right hand corner when you order the chair you can have it in bottom left, top left, top right and what that will do is change the center of gravity i.e where the wheels are in relation to your body but also the rear seat height. So that's a neat option. It isn't adjustable so once you've decided on it it does remain just like any other bespoke fixed chair, unadjustable bespoke chair. Same with the seat depth can you see this bracket here underneath here is four holes at the moment we're inside the second hole you've got the third and fourth which you can't see and that brings the backrest back slightly. Let's have a look underneath we've got the carbon fiber axle complete solid frame as in a one-piece frame and I do think it looks smart. The side guard slot in so if we take those those out and then I take the piston off backrest folds. It folds completely flat so taking the wheels off those set of spinnages and backrest fold again and it's just really light. Unbelievably light and compact and even though it's a solid frame for anything really loose with a folding chair which I always say is that bit you can't fold it that way but you can still make a rigid frame chair compact so if that say that was in your boot now and you have the wheels and when you're passing your seat on the rear seat your wheels are just slot in there. So if you're looking for a lightweight chair carbon fiber chair or the lightest chair that you can get as an active wheelchair user but still bespoke to yourself and I don't think you're going to get much better than the Panthera X3.