Madam, you have got ₹100.  Hey brother, what are you asking for Madam, you have got ₹100.  Hey brother, what are you asking for Madam, you have got ₹100.  Hey brother, what are you asking for ₹100 for?  Are you selling Pani Puri or ₹100 for?  Are you selling Pani Puri or ₹100 for?  Are you selling Pani Puri or gold and silver?  Hey madam, it will cost only ₹100. gold and silver?  Hey madam, it will cost only ₹100. gold and silver?  Hey madam, it will cost only ₹100. Brother, I will not be able to give Brother, I will not be able to give Brother, I will not be able to give so much money.  Brother, please feed me Pani Puri.  Hey so much money.  Brother, please feed me Pani Puri.  Hey so much money.  Brother, please feed me Pani Puri.  Hey brother, don't eat their Pani Puri.  Why?  There is a brother, don't eat their Pani Puri.  Why?  There is a brother, don't eat their Pani Puri.  Why?  There is a cockroach in their pani puri.  Hey brother, I am cockroach in their pani puri.  Hey brother, I am cockroach in their pani puri.  Hey brother, I am not eating Pani Puri.  I am going. not eating Pani Puri.  I am going. not eating Pani Puri.  I am going. Brother, please feed me Pani Puri.  Yes. Chotu, what happened?  Why didn't that madam eat Pani Puri Chotu, what happened?  Why didn't that madam eat Pani Puri Chotu, what happened?  Why didn't that madam eat Pani Puri ?  Looks like he owns it. ?  Looks like he owns it. ?  Looks like he owns it. Hey brother, there was a cockroach in your pani puri.  Did Hey brother, there was a cockroach in your pani puri.  Did Hey brother, there was a cockroach in your pani puri.  Did you see a cockroach with your own eyes you see a cockroach with your own eyes you see a cockroach with your own eyes ?  Yes, I saw it with my own eyes. ?  Yes, I saw it with my own eyes. ?  Yes, I saw it with my own eyes. Why?  You had said that the stick had fallen in the water. Why?  You had said that the stick had fallen in the water. [applause] come [applause] come [applause] come on