The entire neighborhood is in shock as to where she is bringing such a big The entire neighborhood is in shock as to where she is bringing such a big The entire neighborhood is in shock as to where she is bringing such a big parcel from and I am parcel from and I am parcel from and I am not able to lift it and while lifting it it not able to lift it and while lifting it it not able to lift it and while lifting it it fell.  After getting insulted, let's fell.  After getting insulted, let's fell.  After getting insulted, let's unbox this big parcel which unbox this big parcel which unbox this big parcel which starts from ₹10 and has all the Masoom starts from ₹10 and has all the Masoom starts from ₹10 and has all the Masoom Fines which you must need now.  The first one Fines which you must need now.  The first one Fines which you must need now.  The first one is this racket which is the mosquito killer is this racket which is the mosquito killer is this racket which is the mosquito killer racket.  I bought it for just ₹115 and it is racket.  I bought it for just ₹115 and it is racket.  I bought it for just ₹115 and it is very useful.  There is no mercy for mosquitoes. very useful.  There is no mercy for mosquitoes. very useful.  There is no mercy for mosquitoes. Now the next product is very Now the next product is very Now the next product is very cute which is something like this cute which is something like this cute which is something like this and this is a mini dustbin which I got for ₹75 and this is a mini dustbin which I got for ₹75 and this is a mini dustbin which I got for ₹75 and if you keep stationery etc. then and if you keep stationery etc. then and if you keep stationery etc. then you can buy this in which you can buy this in which you can buy this in which you can keep small papers.  Apart from that, you should definitely you can keep small papers.  Apart from that, you should definitely you can keep small papers.  Apart from that, you should definitely buy this chopper which is for ₹17. buy this chopper which is for ₹17. buy this chopper which is for ₹17. Next is this flower pot which is very Next is this flower pot which is very Next is this flower pot which is very cute.  A set of five comes for cute.  A set of five comes for cute.  A set of five comes for ₹165 and it also includes these type of plates ₹165 and it also includes these type of plates ₹165 and it also includes these type of plates and they look very cute. and they look very cute. and they look very cute. And its size was also quite good, friend.  I did And its size was also quite good, friend.  I did And its size was also quite good, friend.  I did not have such high expectations but it is much better than Duo Dub. not have such high expectations but it is much better than Duo Dub. not have such high expectations but it is much better than Duo Dub. Apart from that Apart from that Apart from that I have bought mosquito killer lamps.  Hopefully I have bought mosquito killer lamps.  Hopefully I have bought mosquito killer lamps.  Hopefully this will work.  Apart from that, this will work.  Apart from that, this will work.  Apart from that, I bought this drain cleaner for ₹30 and I bought this drain cleaner for ₹30 and I bought this drain cleaner for ₹30 and I bought all these from Doop.  You can also take it. I bought all these from Doop.  You can also take it. I bought all these from Doop.  You can also take it. So now