Hi. Hi. Hi. How are you?  Thank you.  [laughter] Let's How are you?  Thank you.  [laughter] Let's How are you?  Thank you.  [laughter] Let's say thank you.  What is? say thank you.  What is? say thank you.  What is? So mom, how did you feel after meeting your modern daughter-in-law? So mom, how did you feel after meeting your modern daughter-in-law? So mom, how did you feel after meeting your modern daughter-in-law? If I had brought a modern daughter-in-law, you would have If I had brought a modern daughter-in-law, you would have If I had brought a modern daughter-in-law, you would have seen her like this. seen her like this. seen her like this. Beautiful.  What do you do?  What to do? Beautiful.  What do you do?  What to do? Beautiful.  What do you do?  What to do? Let's meet Amma. Let's meet Amma. Let's meet Amma. Amma mi hope this.   Thank Amma mi hope this.   Thank Amma mi hope this.   Thank you. you. you. Hey guys good morning.  Welcome to my new Hey guys good morning.  Welcome to my new Hey guys good morning.  Welcome to my new vlog.  So today's video is going to be very interesting. vlog.  So today's video is going to be very interesting. vlog.  So today's video is going to be very interesting. Because look at this today brother, today Because look at this today brother, today Because look at this today brother, today Avantika has become a completely modern wife for a day, just like the ones from Avantika has become a completely modern wife for a day, just like the ones from Avantika has become a completely modern wife for a day, just like the ones from foreign countries, foreign countries, foreign countries, Avantika is going to talk like that too.   The Avantika is going to talk like that too.   The Avantika is going to talk like that too.   The whole day I spend with my family, with a foreign whole day I spend with my family, with a foreign whole day I spend with my family, with a foreign girl, not with an English girl, not with an English girl, not with an English girl.  She is going to react like this.   Yes. girl.  She is going to react like this.   Yes. So let's see what kind of experience So let's see what kind of experience So let's see what kind of experience everyone has. everyone has. everyone has. Hmm Hmm Hmm ready?  Ready?  Will give the family the ready?  Ready?  Will give the family the ready?  Ready?  Will give the family the experience of what if you get married to experience of what if you get married to experience of what if you get married to a foreign girl.   Yes.   It went over my head.  Listen. my head.  Listen. my head.  Listen. Hmm Hmm Hmm guys, look Avantika's dress up is also completely like that of a guys, look Avantika's dress up is also completely like that of a guys, look Avantika's dress up is also completely like that of a modern girl.  Let me modern girl.  Let me modern girl.  Let me show you the whole thing first. show you the whole thing first. show you the whole thing first. And also I behave like a modern wife And also I behave like a modern wife And also I behave like a modern wife and a modern daughter in love for today.   Please and a modern daughter in love for today.   Please and a modern daughter in love for today.   Please talk to me in Hindi.  Hey, I am talk to me in Hindi.  Hey, I am talk to me in Hindi.  Hey, I am saying that today we are going to give the family the saying that today we are going to give the family the saying that today we are going to give the family the experience that if you had done a experience that if you had done a experience that if you had done a love marriage and you had love marriage and you had love marriage and you had married a dangerous girl who was so married a dangerous girl who was so married a dangerous girl who was so modern these days, then yes, how would the modern these days, then yes, how would the family have felt, what would have been their family have felt, what would have been their family have felt, what would have been their experience because right now you have experience because right now you have experience because right now you have brought it in your culture, daughter-in-law, hmm, so brought it in your culture, daughter-in-law, hmm, so brought it in your culture, daughter-in-law, hmm, so they accept it, what if you, they accept it, what if you, they accept it, what if you, but if you would have got married to a, you know, but if you would have got married to a, you know, but if you would have got married to a, you know, foreigner, foreigner, foreigner, then look at Avantiya's glasses, look at Avantiya's then look at Avantiya's glasses, look at Avantiya's then look at Avantiya's glasses, look at Avantiya's clothes, there is a flower here, look at the neck clothes, there is a flower here, look at the neck clothes, there is a flower here, look at the neck and what is this?  Look this and what is this?  Look this and what is this?  Look this is tile you know my accessories is tile you know my accessories is tile you know my accessories you [nasal voice] won't get it I know you [nasal voice] won't get it I know and look brother with the full heel wheel yes and look brother with the full heel wheel yes and look brother with the full heel wheel yes Avantika has got a different look today Avantika has got a different look today Avantika has got a different look today brother it is going to be a lot of fun because I am brother it is going to be a lot of fun because I am brother it is going to be a lot of fun because I am not able to understand what Avantika is saying not able to understand what Avantika is saying not able to understand what Avantika is saying what will the family understand so but guys what will the family understand so but guys what will the family understand so but guys this is just for fun do this is just for fun do this is just for fun do n't judge like this I want to give an experience n't judge like this I want to give an experience n't judge like this I want to give an experience that if you had done this brother what would have happened at that if you had done this brother what would have happened at that if you had done this brother what would have happened at home so let's go home so let's go home so let's go down and see the reaction of the family down and see the reaction of the family down and see the reaction of the family how does mom react how does mom react how does mom react seeing the guy like this I am seeing the guy like this I am seeing the guy like this I am going to meet you you man welcome welcome going to meet you you man welcome welcome thank you thank you thank you elder mom is here mom someone has come to meet you elder mom is here mom someone has come to meet you who is coming today who is coming today who is coming today your modern daughter in law your modern daughter in law your modern daughter in law yes yes yes modern daughter in law has come hi how are you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you what do you say thank you what do you say thank you what do you say what are you saying I am not able to understand how are what are you saying I am not able to understand how are what are you saying I am not able to understand how are you how are you how are you how are you [laughs] you [laughs] you [laughs] hi hi so nice me thank you for you so nice me thank you for you so nice me thank you for you thank you thank you thank you what happened what happened what happened what happened she is laughing am  I am looking funny what happened she is laughing am  I am looking funny what happened she is laughing am  I am looking funny she meeting for the first time any modern she meeting for the first time any modern she meeting for the first time any modern girl any foreigner isnt she comfortable with me comfortable ho?   She is she comfortable with me comfortable ho?   She is she comfortable with me comfortable ho?   She is saying that she has eaten it, what are you saying to me saying that she has eaten it, what are you saying to me saying that she has eaten it, what are you saying to me ?   Are you ?   Are you ?   Are you eating, haven't you eaten, are you comfortable? eating, haven't you eaten, are you comfortable? eating, haven't you eaten, are you comfortable? Hey, I'm yes comfortable. Hey, I'm yes comfortable. Hey, I'm yes comfortable. Talk to me, mom. Talk to me, mom. Talk to me, mom. What should I talk about?  He is not able to understand what I am saying. What should I talk about?  He is not able to understand what I am saying. What is she saying I am not able to What is she saying I am not able to What is she saying I am not able to understand?  Could you please translate for understand?  Could you please translate for understand?  Could you please translate for me? me? me? They don't understand what you are saying They don't understand what you are saying They don't understand what you are saying ? ? ? She was saying that she had eaten her food. She was saying that she had eaten her food. She was saying that she had eaten her food. No No No What is she saying? What is she saying? What is she saying? She saying She saying She saying yes, have yes, have yes, have you eaten something? you eaten something? you eaten something? No [laughter] he was saying you cook food for me No [laughter] he was saying you cook food for me No [laughter] he was saying you cook food for me today so I don't understand she saying go she saying she doesn't understand you it's okay it's okay today so I don't understand she saying go she saying she doesn't understand you it's okay it's okay she has a beautiful smile she has a beautiful smile she has a beautiful smile oh my god what she's oh my god what she's oh my god what she's laughing mead [laughter] you you don't like laughing mead [laughter] you you don't like laughing mead [laughter] you you don't like this flower you don't like this where did you get this from this flower you don't like this where did you get this from this flower you don't like this where did you get this from ? ? ? Where did you get it from? Where did you get it from? Where did you get it from? I just but this is me meeting you for the I just but this is me meeting you for the I just but this is me meeting you for the first time. first time. first time. I don't have enough for I don't have enough for I don't have enough for everyone in the fold. I got 11 members everyone in the fold. I got 11 members everyone in the fold. I got 11 members in the family.  So flowers for everyone. in the family.  So flowers for everyone. in the family.  So flowers for everyone. She says she brought it for everyone.  I am 11 She says she brought it for everyone.  I am 11 She says she brought it for everyone.  I am 11 people.  I have brought a flower for everyone.   She is people.  I have brought a flower for everyone.   She is people.  I have brought a flower for everyone.   She is speaking like this. speaking like this. speaking like this. Okay Okay Okay you did touch her feet you did touch her feet you did touch her feet touching feet touching feet touching feet or you or you or you touch her feet touch her feet touch her feet why it's why it's why it's our tradition in our tradition in our tradition in touching feet touching feet touching feet or you touch oh or you touch oh or you touch oh touching touching touching hey [laughs] not like this you just you just hey [laughs] not like this you just you just hey [laughs] not like this you just you just touch your feet like this take her take her touch your feet like this take her take her touch your feet like this take her take her blessing blessing blessing hey there is a foot girl right my hey there is a foot girl right my hey there is a foot girl right my yes foot girl yes foot girl yes foot girl oh you you came with sandals oh you you came with sandals oh you you came with sandals or or or why? why? why? It's It is It's It is It's It is not allowed here.  Just not allowed here.  Just not allowed here.  Just how is it going? how is it going? how is it going? U turn off sandals? U turn off sandals? U turn off sandals? Take off sandals? Take off sandals? Take off sandals? Oh do I need to Oh do I need to Oh do I need to take off my sandals?  My my take off my sandals?  My my take off my sandals?  My my first foot will get dirty if I I will take them off. first foot will get dirty if I I will take them off. first foot will get dirty if I I will take them off. What do you want to meet? What do you want to meet? What do you want to meet? What? What? What? What are you saying?  My home is dirty.   From What are you saying?  My home is dirty.   From What are you saying?  My home is dirty.   From what only? what only? what only? What happened?  Yes, I What happened?  Yes, I What happened?  Yes, I fell fell fell if you fail, if you fail, if you fail, no, I am heavy of that [laughs] no, I am heavy of that [laughs] no, I am heavy of that [laughs] where are you, other family members and where where are you, other family members and where where are you, other family members and where is your dad, I am so excited to meet your is your dad, I am so excited to meet your is your dad, I am so excited to meet your dad, I have heard so much about him from you, dad, I have heard so much about him from you, dad, I have heard so much about him from you, my dad is at market, he will come, he will come after one hour, so my dad is at market, he will come, he will come after one hour, so my dad is at market, he will come, he will come after one hour, so Ammi, how did you like meeting the Ammi, how did you like meeting the Ammi, how did you like meeting the modern daughter-in-law, if I had brought a modern daughter-in-law, it would have been like this, modern daughter-in-law, if I had brought a modern daughter-in-law, it would have been like this, then see how we speak, while speaking, how would we then see how we speak, while speaking, how would we then see how we speak, while speaking, how would we ask something, friend, I have not been able to understand anything. ask something, friend, I have not been able to understand anything. She's saying something about me that I'm bad.   No no She's saying something about me that I'm bad.   No no She's saying something about me that I'm bad.   No no you are not bad. you are not bad. you are not bad. What is she saying, bed bed?  bed What is she saying, bed bed?  bed What is she saying, bed bed?  bed bed no bed no bed no she's saying that I I'm dirty. she's saying that I I'm dirty. she's saying that I I'm dirty. Mom, am I saying this? Mom, am I saying this? Mom, am I saying this? Oh no, I said bed bed whatever she's saying Oh no, I said bed bed whatever she's saying Oh no, I said bed bed whatever she's saying [laughs]. [laughs]. [laughs]. No, not this bed.   She is saying that she has No, not this bed.   She is saying that she has No, not this bed.   She is saying that she has moved the bed, I said.   She's moved the bed, I said.   She's moved the bed, I said.   She's so sweet. so sweet. so sweet. sweet? sweet? sweet? Or Or Or you are sweet, Bal.  Good?   Or. you are sweet, Bal.  Good?   Or. you are sweet, Bal.  Good?   Or. Dude you like the flower? Dude you like the flower? Dude you like the flower? Sweet means good. Sweet means good. Sweet means good. Hmm. Why is she smiling unnecessarily?  [laughter] I did know what's going on?  Can you please I did know what's going on?  Can you please I did know what's going on?  Can you please explain me as well? explain me as well? explain me as well? She is confused what to do, what to say She is confused what to do, what to say She is confused what to do, what to say ?  O be comfortable ?  O be comfortable ?  O be comfortable [laughs] no worry [laughs] no worry [laughs] no worry yes I am comfortable sitting here yes I am comfortable sitting here yes I am comfortable sitting here no [laughs] no [laughs] no [laughs] I am saying be comfortable with me I am saying be comfortable with me I am saying be comfortable with me excuse me have a call ok some urgent excuse me have a call ok some urgent excuse me have a call ok some urgent calls hello hello hello see mummy this would have happened if modern bahu had see mummy this would have happened if modern bahu had see mummy this would have happened if modern bahu had brought one from brought one from brought one from somewhere outside I would not have been able to understand what you are somewhere outside I would not have been able to understand what you are somewhere outside I would not have been able to understand what you are saying I would saying I would saying I would not have been able to understand thank you thank you so much you are not have been able to understand thank you thank you so much you are not have been able to understand thank you thank you so much you are sorry [laughs] it was call sorry [laughs] it was call sorry [laughs] it was call you want to meet our aunt what is there what you want to meet our aunt what is there what you want to meet our aunt what is there what aunt aunt aunt you are second you are second you are second what will you say second mother in law what will you say second mother in law what will you say second mother in law you are two moms. you are two moms. you are two moms. or I have to no two moms then or I have to no two moms then or I have to no two moms then no no no no no no aunty it's it's aunty aunty aunty it's it's aunty aunty aunty it's it's aunty aunty no aunty that she no aunty that she no aunty that she is my aunty is my aunty is my aunty your aunty she with you your aunty she with you your aunty she with you or or or or or or your aunty I want to meet her as well okay okay your aunty I want to meet her as well okay okay your aunty I want to meet her as well okay okay let me call her oh let me call her oh let me call her oh that's for you have 11 members you told that's for you have 11 members you told that's for you have 11 members you told me me me aunty has anyone come to meet you?  Come, has anyone come to aunty has anyone come to meet you?  Come, has anyone come to aunty has anyone come to meet you?  Come, has anyone come to meet you?  come soon.  Oh she is aunty. meet you?  come soon.  Oh she is aunty. meet you?  come soon.  Oh she is aunty. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Beautiful Thank you Thank you so much even he is Beautiful Thank you Thank you so much even he is Beautiful Thank you Thank you so much even he is beautiful what do you do what to do beautiful what do you do what to do beautiful what do you do what to do than of me than of me than of me Papa wale samjh hi nahi aami rahi [laughs] what is Papa wale samjh hi nahi aami rahi [laughs] what is Papa wale samjh hi nahi aami rahi [laughs] what is your routine what is your routine your routine what is your routine your routine what is your routine humko English samjh nahi aama rahi they don't have humko English samjh nahi aama rahi they don't have humko English samjh nahi aama rahi they don't have any routine what is the saying? any routine what is the saying? any routine what is the saying? What is the model saying?  Daughter-in-law What is the model saying?  Daughter-in-law What is the model saying?  Daughter-in-law is asking you what is your routine?  She is asking is asking you what is your routine?  She is asking is asking you what is your routine?  She is asking me how do I know about our roti, so me how do I know about our roti, so me how do I know about our roti, so make roti [laughs] make roti [laughs] make roti [laughs] eating vegetables, sleeping is the eating vegetables, sleeping is the eating vegetables, sleeping is the routine roti [laughs] routine roti [laughs] routine roti [laughs] roti routine is the same every day right now sweeping and routine is the same every day right now sweeping and routine is the same every day right now sweeping and mopping [laughs] mopping [laughs] mopping [laughs] [sudden sound of heavy breathing] washing clothes [sudden sound of heavy breathing] washing clothes [sudden sound of heavy breathing] washing clothes he will not understand Hindi he will not understand Hindi he will not understand Hindi and you told me you live with your and you told me you live with your and you told me you live with your grandparents as well grandparents as well grandparents as well or you want to meet my grandparents you you want to meet or you want to meet my grandparents you you want to meet or you want to meet my grandparents you you want to meet Amma Amma Amma yes what Amma yes what Amma yes what Amma Amma is grand mother Amma is grand mother Amma is grand mother oh or or I want to meet your grand let's go yes come let's go oh or or I want to meet your grand let's go yes come let's go what happened should what happened should what happened should I also come [laughs] I also come [laughs] I also come [laughs] what are you saying don't meet grand mother what are you saying don't meet grand mother what are you saying don't meet grand mother no no they are saying they want to come no no they are saying they want to come no no they are saying they want to come joint [sound of clearing throat] not joint joint [sound of clearing throat] not joint joint [sound of clearing throat] not joint friend don't say joint [laughs] friend friend don't say joint [laughs] friend friend don't say joint [laughs] friend don't say joint do you don't say joint do you don't say joint do you know what is joint? know what is joint? know what is joint? Or you have a joint family. Or you have a joint family. Or you have a joint family. Or [laughs] guys, this looks so real because this looks so real because this looks so real because they really don't understand they really don't understand they really don't understand what Avantiya is saying.  So they are definitely giving real reactions. what Avantiya is saying.  So they are definitely giving real reactions. what Avantiya is saying.  So they are definitely giving real reactions. Let's meet Amma Let's meet Amma Let's meet Amma Amma Amma or [laughs] Hi where are you from?  This is where are you from?  This is where are you from?  This is oh thank you thank you how are oh thank you thank you how are you how are you how are you how are you how are you how are you how are you you you I'm fine say I'm I'm fine say I'm I'm fine say I'm fine I'm fine it's fine I'm fine it's fine I'm fine it's great hello this is oh great hello this is oh great hello this is oh how are you what are you doing what are you saying what are you saying how are you what are you doing what are you saying what are you saying what are you doing what are you doing what are you doing I'm doing great. I'm doing great. I'm doing great. Amma is very famous. Amma is very famous. Amma is very famous. It's great.  It's great. Where do you come from?   Where you come Where do you come from?   Where you come Where do you come from?   Where you come from? from? from? I am from England. I am from England. I am from England. England. England. England. England.   Let us go.   You have England.   Let us go.   You have England.   Let us go.   You have come alone. come alone. come alone. She is my wife. She is my wife. She is my wife. She is my wife. She is my wife. She is my wife. What happened?  Mom, why aren't you saying anything What happened?  Mom, why aren't you saying anything What happened?  Mom, why aren't you saying anything ?  You calmed down.   I do ?  You calmed down.   I do ?  You calmed down.   I do n't know English.  what to say  Curry n't know English.  what to say  Curry n't know English.  what to say  Curry rice.  You will have kadhi chawal?  We are making rice.  You will have kadhi chawal?  We are making rice.  You will have kadhi chawal?  We are making kadhi rice. kadhi rice. kadhi rice. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. That's your traditional food. That's your traditional food. That's your traditional food. Or Or Or I vote a lot about India's foods, they are tasty and I vote a lot about India's foods, they are tasty and I vote a lot about India's foods, they are tasty and delicious.  What are you making me do, delicious.  What are you making me do, delicious.  What are you making me do, Kadhi? Kadhi? Kadhi? Curry rice. Curry rice. Curry rice. Curry rice.   Do Curry rice.   Do Curry rice.   Do you know curry?  What is Kadhi? you know curry?  What is Kadhi? you know curry?  What is Kadhi? This is curry. This is curry. This is curry. Oh this is curry.   Yes. Oh this is curry.   Yes. Oh this is curry.   Yes. Guys are acting very strong.  It Guys are acting very strong.  It Guys are acting very strong.  It looks as if someone has come from outside. looks as if someone has come from outside. looks as if someone has come from outside. Really, she doesn't seem like Avantika from the Really, she doesn't seem like Avantika from the Really, she doesn't seem like Avantika from the way she talks.  What's his name? way she talks.  What's his name? way she talks.  What's his name? Oreo Oreo Oreo Oreo Hi Oreo Oreo Hi Oreo Oreo Hi Oreo Kunali has come from school. Kunali has come from school. Kunal my little brother has come. Kunal my little brother has come. Kunal my little brother has come. Hi Hi Hi Swarada who is this? Swarada who is this? Swarada who is this? This is your sister-in-law. This is your sister-in-law. This is your sister-in-law. Bhabhi, how are Bhabhi, how are Bhabhi, how are you? you? you? How are you?   It How are you?   It How are you?   It seems to you that it came from the British. seems to you that it came from the British. seems to you that it came from the British. How are you?   Please How are you?   Please How are you?   Please reply.  You must know English. reply.  You must know English. reply.  You must know English. English? English? English? Yes.  do it.   A Yes.  do it.   A Yes.  do it.   A little means I don't know that much. little means I don't know that much. little means I don't know that much. Then you can reply how you too. Then you can reply how you too. Then you can reply how you too. He doesn't know how to say anything in Hindi. He doesn't know how to say anything in Hindi. He doesn't know how to say anything in Hindi. No, it does No, it does No, it does n't come in Hindi. n't come in Hindi. n't come in Hindi. No she is from England. No she is from England. Coming from school in England.  Are you coming from Coming from school in England.  Are you coming from Coming from school in England.  Are you coming from school? school? school? You are a V standard? You are a V standard? You are a V standard? What is standard?  Tell me, tell me. What is standard?  Tell me, tell me. What is standard?  Tell me, tell me. Don't you know the standard?   Please Don't you know the standard?   Please Don't you know the standard?   Please tell. tell. tell. In which school?  What is this? In which school?  What is this? In which school?  What is this? Tell me, tell me something. Tell me, tell me something. Tell me, tell me something. She is asking which class are you in? She is asking which class are you in? She is asking which class are you in? Good class.  In fourth class means for Good class.  In fourth class means for Good class.  In fourth class means for you.   Thank you.   Thank you.   Thank you.  Guys, the food is ready.  This is you.  Guys, the food is ready.  This is you.  Guys, the food is ready.  This is curry and this is rice and this is cucumber. curry and this is rice and this is cucumber. curry and this is rice and this is cucumber. Kadhi Rice Tasty Kadhi Rice. Kadhi Rice Tasty Kadhi Rice. Kadhi Rice Tasty Kadhi Rice. You also have. You also have. You also have. I have this also. I have this also. I have this also. You also have, whatever You also have, whatever You also have, whatever I am I am I am saying, saying, saying, you should also eat it. you should also eat it. you should also eat it. Well, it's really delicious. really delicious. really delicious. Never eaten [laughter]? Never eaten [laughter]? Never eaten [laughter]? What happened? What happened? What happened? Phrygian.   No no no no. Phrygian.   No no no no. Ever since Avantika has become a modern daughter-in-law, she has Ever since Avantika has become a modern daughter-in-law, she has Ever since Avantika has become a modern daughter-in-law, she has not become normal, not even once is she not become normal, not even once is she not become normal, not even once is she talking normally, she is talking to talking normally, she is talking to talking normally, she is talking to us like this, she is talking to me like this, us like this, she is talking to me like this, us like this, she is talking to me like this, now why, now why, now why, now become normal, now become normal, now become normal, it's Arsi and I really, it's Arsi and I really, it's Arsi and I really, hey become normal, listen I am saying, become hey become normal, listen I am saying, become hey become normal, listen I am saying, become normal now, normal now, normal now, I am really amazed by the hospitality I am really amazed by the hospitality I am really amazed by the hospitality [laughs] or [laughs] or [laughs] or hospital, hospital, hospital, not hospital, what is hospitality, not hospital, what is hospitality, now get out of this character, your mother is waiting for you to now get out of this character, your mother is waiting for you to now get out of this character, your mother is waiting for you to talk to her in Hindi, talk to her in Hindi, talk to her in Hindi, become our Pahadi daughter-in-law.  It's enough.   It's enough. become our Pahadi daughter-in-law.  It's enough.   It's enough. Come to Pahadi Bahu. Come to Pahadi Bahu. Come to Pahadi Bahu. We will not be able to tolerate this for long.   I wo We will not be able to tolerate this for long.   I wo We will not be able to tolerate this for long.   I wo n't be able to tolerate it for long. n't be able to tolerate it for long. n't be able to tolerate it for long. So guys, we were just doing all this for fun So guys, we were just doing all this for fun So guys, we were just doing all this for fun so that we could so that we could so that we could give our family an experience of what would happen.  What would give our family an experience of what would happen.  What would give our family an experience of what would happen.  What would happen? happen? happen? We have come Papa ji.  Papa ji, someone is coming to We have come Papa ji.  Papa ji, someone is coming to We have come Papa ji.  Papa ji, someone is coming to meet you.  What happened?  Why did you stop? Your modern daughter-in-law has come to meet you.   Yes Your modern daughter-in-law has come to meet you.   Yes Your modern daughter-in-law has come to meet you.   Yes ? ? ? Yes.   Hi! How Are Yes.   Hi! How Are Yes.   Hi! How Are You? You? You? Hi thank you Hi thank you Hi thank you I was talking about you all this time where are I was talking about you all this time where are I was talking about you all this time where are you? you? you? Okay [laughs] He 's giving me the same flowers I give to you, 's giving me the same flowers I give to you, 's giving me the same flowers I give to you, Mom. [laughs] Mom. [laughs] Mom. [laughs] Okay, these are some given to everyone.  So this is Okay, these are some given to everyone.  So this is Okay, these are some given to everyone.  So this is for you, thank for you, thank for you, thank you, thank you, how are you, I am fine, you know, how you, thank you, how are you, I am fine, you know, how you, thank you, how are you, I am fine, you know, how long I was waiting for you, you were at long I was waiting for you, you were at long I was waiting for you, you were at the market, the market, the market, or or or you went shopping, did you understand, I understood, are you going from the market, are you coming back from the market, are you coming back from the market, are you coming back from the market, after roaming around and from the market, after roaming around and from the market, after roaming around and shopping, shopping, shopping, very nice, how do you think you are, you are having very nice, how do you think you are, you are having very nice, how do you think you are, you are having lunch, lunch, lunch, or it was very delicious [laughs], or it was very delicious [laughs], cowrie rice, cowrie rice, cowrie rice, what what what if mom is saying like this, if it had come like this, brother, if mom is saying like this, if it had come like this, brother, if mom is saying like this, if it had come like this, brother, I would not have been able to stay, no, no, then I would not have been able to stay, no, no, then why, why, why, I am not able to understand, I am not able to understand, I am not able to understand, yes, she must be doing it because of speaking, yes, she must be doing it because of speaking, yes, she must be doing it because of speaking, yes, because of speaking, I am saying, yes, because of speaking, I am saying, yes, because of speaking, I am saying, okay, if she does not understand, then okay, if she does not understand, then okay, if she does not understand, then you do not have any problem, what you do not have any problem, what you do not have any problem, what problem do I have, friend, it is good, in fact, problem do I have, friend, it is good, in fact, problem do I have, friend, it is good, in fact, we will also learn a little, we will also learn a little, we will also learn a little, Papa ji is right, isn't it, friend, Papa ji [laughs] Papa ji is right, isn't it, friend, Papa ji [laughs] Papa ji is right, isn't it, friend, Papa ji [laughs] oh tell me, only when he tells, we will learn, oh tell me, only when he tells, we will learn, oh tell me, only when he tells, we will learn, friend, does anyone tell us the address, no, what are you saying, friend, does anyone tell us the address, no, what are you saying, how will it happen, then tell me, will I tell you, how will it happen, then tell me, will I tell you, how will it happen, then tell me, will I tell you, he is saying like this, he is saying like this, he is saying like this, next time I will bring some good next time I will bring some good next time I will bring some good dresses for your mom, your, dresses for your mom, your, dresses for your mom, your, no, no, I will bring a dress, well, no, no, I will bring a dress, well, no, no, I will bring a dress, well, Papa ji  I am understanding friend Papa ji  I am understanding friend Papa ji  I am understanding friend you are talking lightly no Hindi you are talking lightly no Hindi you are talking lightly no Hindi oh no no oh no no oh no no only for English only for English only for English or I told your son my husband I or I told your son my husband I or I told your son my husband I learn Hindi for you guys learn Hindi for you guys learn Hindi for you guys ok ok ok ok ok ok I will learn it will take time definitely because I will learn it will take time definitely because I will learn it will take time definitely because I am learning something it will take I am learning something it will take I am learning something it will take time but what are your hobbies what do you do hobby is theek hi hai time but what are your hobbies what do you do hobby is theek hi hai time but what are your hobbies what do you do hobby is theek hi hai humare [laughs] humare [laughs] humare [laughs] oh tappu I have brought oh oh lna oh tappu I have brought oh oh lna oh tappu I have brought oh oh lna lna snake hi se lna this is snake hi se lna this is snake hi se lna this is mango mango mango wo snake samjhegi aise kya laan laan dekho kya lna yes lna accha wo snake samjhegi aise kya laan laan dekho kya lna yes lna accha sabji baareez haan yes do you know sabji baareez haan yes do you know sabji baareez haan yes do you know lna sabji that is forest lna sabji that is forest lna sabji that is forest vegetable I don't know I don't no vegetable I don't know I don't no yes bring it show me yes bring it show me yes bring it show me in our jungle there is a vegetable called lna in our jungle there is a vegetable called lna in our jungle there is a vegetable called lna and it looks like snake and it looks like snake and it looks like snake oh snake oh snake oh snake or it looks like or it looks like or it looks like you eat snake no no no that is not you eat snake no no no that is not you eat snake no no no that is not snake that that is a vegetable that snake that that is a vegetable that snake that that is a vegetable that looks like snake and that is vegetable looks like snake and that is vegetable looks like snake and that is vegetable ok ok also want ok ok also want ok ok also want to taste  That vegetable to taste  That vegetable to taste  That vegetable or or or I told you saying your mom and dad it's I told you saying your mom and dad it's I told you saying your mom and dad it's snakes snakes snakes no no no no no no no no no no no no she is continuously smiling she is continuously smiling she is continuously smiling and laughing smiling laughing and laughing smiling laughing and laughing smiling laughing what happened to you what happened to you what happened to you no what's going on [laughs] Jwala what I am finding myself funny Jwala what I am finding myself funny Jwala what I am finding myself funny Lana Lana Lana thank you this is Lana Lana this is vegetable this is thank you this is Lana Lana this is vegetable this is vegetable oh Lana vegetable oh Lana or this is it or this is it or this is it looking like a snake looking like a snake looking like a snake or this looking like a snake or this looking like a snake or this looking like a snake or forest vegetable or forest vegetable or forest vegetable ghadre wali this ghadre wali this ghadre wali this is a mango beautiful mango mango is a mango beautiful mango mango is a mango beautiful mango mango my god mango my god mango my god mango 1 kg plus 1 kg plus 1 1 kg plus 1 kg plus 1 1 kg plus 1 kg plus 1 kg mango kg mango kg mango plus we can use it as a dumbbell [laughs] wow wow wow show me show me the show me show me the show me show me the whole family will eat whole family will eat whole family will eat this this this [laughs] the [laughs] the [laughs] the whole whole whole family can eat this isko ek baar mein family can eat this isko ek baar mein family can eat this isko ek baar mein kat kar yes yaar guys kat kar yes yaar guys small-chote pieces bana iske bhaiya mere small-chote pieces bana iske bhaiya mere small-chote pieces bana iske bhaiya mere haath bhi kitna bada mango hai haath bhi kitna bada mango hai haath bhi kitna bada mango hai bhaiya 1 kg se ek bhaiya 1 kg se ek bhaiya 1 kg se ek bhaiya sahab brother first time dekha itna bada mango hako it bhaiya sahab brother first time dekha itna bada mango hako it Was really lovely meeting all the family Was really lovely meeting all the family Was really lovely meeting all the family members, this is so sweet. members, this is so sweet. members, this is so sweet. I enjoyed meeting everyone. I enjoyed meeting everyone. I enjoyed meeting everyone. Ok.  I enjoyed meeting everyone. Ok.  I enjoyed meeting everyone. Ok.  I enjoyed meeting everyone. Okay, okay, thank you, thank you.  Thank you.   Thank Okay, okay, thank you, thank you.  Thank you.   Thank Okay, okay, thank you, thank you.  Thank you.   Thank you. you. you. This is my family. This is my family. This is my family. Or Or Or nice to meet you.   Say nice to meet you.   Say nice to meet you.   Say it or it or it or say it.  Nice to meet you. say it.  Nice to meet you. say it.  Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you.  What is your name? Nice to meet you.  What is your name? Nice to meet you.  What is your name? Oh my name.  My name is Anna. Oh my name.  My name is Anna. Oh my name.  My name is Anna. Anna Anna Anna Avantia's Sham Avantia's Sham Avantia's Sham Okay Okay Okay short name is Good Good short name is Good Good short name is Good Good Good This is Khaan Good This is Khaan Good This is Khaan to Me to Me to Me Ya So We're Ending the Vogue Now I Hope You Guys We're Ending the Vogue Now I Hope You Guys We're Ending the Vogue Now I Hope You Guys Like It Thank You So Much for Watching Bye Bye Like It Thank You So Much for Watching Bye Bye Like It Thank You So Much for Watching Bye Bye