Listen, Listen, Listen, what's up?  If you forgot to call me for chole, do what's up?  If you forgot to call me for chole, do what's up?  If you forgot to call me for chole, do n't tell me, I am feeling sleepy.   The n't tell me, I am feeling sleepy.   The n't tell me, I am feeling sleepy.   The chickpeas are not to be puffed. chickpeas are not to be puffed. chickpeas are not to be puffed. So don't even ask me to turn off the lights. So don't even ask me to turn off the lights. So don't even ask me to turn off the lights. You came later, you should have closed it. You came later, you should have closed it. Hey brother, listen first. Hey brother, listen first. Hey brother, listen first. You are the one who tells me stories during the day and I You are the one who tells me stories during the day and I You are the one who tells me stories during the day and I listen to you at night too.  We wo listen to you at night too.  We wo listen to you at night too.  We wo n't be able to hear you [nasal sound] anymore.  Lie down n't be able to hear you [nasal sound] anymore.  Lie down n't be able to hear you [nasal sound] anymore.  Lie down quietly. quietly. quietly. Why are you wasting your time Why are you wasting your time Why are you wasting your time ?  We were saying that we should go a ?  We were saying that we should go a ?  We were saying that we should go a week before Rakshabandhan. week before Rakshabandhan. week before Rakshabandhan. For a week. For a week. For a week. Now we go only once a year, so let it be for Now we go only once a year, so let it be for Now we go only once a year, so let it be for a week. Tell me how much you love us.  Ca Tell me how much you love us.  Ca Tell me how much you love us.  Ca n't live without me even for a week.  Looks like he got n't live without me even for a week.  Looks like he got n't live without me even for a week.  Looks like he got angry and left.  Leave aside a week, I will wait for just angry and left.  Leave aside a week, I will wait for just angry and left.  Leave aside a week, I will wait for just two days for the poor guy. two days for the poor guy. two days for the poor guy. Hey, take out this big briefcase.  She will Hey, take out this big briefcase.  She will Hey, take out this big briefcase.  She will come after waiting for at least a month.  [Music] If it's come after waiting for at least a month.  [Music] If it's come after waiting for at least a month.  [Music] If it's not there, then put some in this too, Papa. not there, then put some in this too, Papa. not there, then put some in this too, Papa. Yes, this is also fine. Yes, this is also fine. Yes, this is also fine. What is this happening?   I have What is this happening?   I have What is this happening?   I have taken out both the briefcase and the bag for you.   At taken out both the briefcase and the bag for you.   At taken out both the briefcase and the bag for you.   At this late hour? this late hour? this late hour? Yes, leave by the first train in the morning. Yes, leave by the first train in the morning. Yes, leave by the first train in the morning. Papa has even booked the ticket and the Papa has even booked the ticket and the Papa has even booked the ticket and the return ticket is for a month later. return ticket is for a month later. return ticket is for a month later. Tell me, I was wondering how much these people Tell me, I was wondering how much these people Tell me, I was wondering how much these people care about us.  These people cannot live without us. care about us.  These people cannot live without us. What a cruelty this is, God. What a cruelty this is, God. What a cruelty this is, God. Mom, don't worry about us.  Poor Roh Mom, don't worry about us.  Poor Roh Mom, don't worry about us.  Poor Roh became overwhelmed with joy.  Yes.