Actually, Actually, Actually, many people ask me about comedy, I will first many people ask me about comedy, I will first many people ask me about comedy, I will first tell you that I have seen that there is tell you that I have seen that there is tell you that I have seen that there is no respect for comedy, I have seen it no respect for comedy, I have seen it no respect for comedy, I have seen it because comedy is the only art in the world in because comedy is the only art in the world in because comedy is the only art in the world in which anyone can find fault, whether he knows it himself or which anyone can find fault, whether he knows it himself or which anyone can find fault, whether he knows it himself or not, someone would say what a not, someone would say what a not, someone would say what a bad thing, anyone can do it, bad thing, anyone can do it, bad thing, anyone can do it, what uncle, my uncle can do it, this must be what uncle, my uncle can do it, this must be what uncle, my uncle can do it, this must be funny uncle, then funny uncle, then funny uncle, then friend, people from any other art form do not have the courage to find friend, people from any other art form do not have the courage to find friend, people from any other art form do not have the courage to find fault unless they themselves know it, fault unless they themselves know it, fault unless they themselves know it, like singing, what like singing, what like singing, what respect is there in singing, friend, if I tell you here, respect is there in singing, friend, if I tell you here, respect is there in singing, friend, if I tell you here, you will say wow Pandit Abhishek, what a thing, and I sing very badly, people would thing, and I sing very badly, people would thing, and I sing very badly, people would call me to birthday parties, don't you call me to birthday parties, don't you call me to birthday parties, don't you sing Happy Birthday, ah, sing Happy Birthday, ah, sing Happy Birthday, ah, actually I sang, he actually I sang, he actually I sang, he threw the cake, I am not making it, ah sorry brother, sorry friend, ah sorry brother, sorry friend, ah sorry brother, sorry friend, everyone was singing, it came out of their mouth, on top of that I cannot even learn singing, the top of that I cannot even learn singing, the top of that I cannot even learn singing, the first one is like Suri, first one is like Suri, you understand, now I cannot be T.T. Saare Gama, you understand, now I cannot be T.T. Saare Gama, you understand, now I cannot be T.T. Saare Gama, why are the children sitting in the class teaching us T. why are the children sitting in the class teaching us T. you  I thought let's do one thing, let's you  I thought let's do one thing, let's you  I thought let's do one thing, let's learn it privately, so a singing teacher learn it privately, so a singing teacher learn it privately, so a singing teacher came to my house on the first day he was telling me came to my house on the first day he was telling me came to my house on the first day he was telling me Abhishek, today is the first day, let's see what your level is, Abhishek, today is the first day, let's see what your level is, Abhishek, today is the first day, let's see what your level is, sing and show me, I said ok sir, he sing and show me, I said ok sir, he sing and show me, I said ok sir, he said a lot, sir I just took a breath, I took a very said a lot, sir I just took a breath, I took a very said a lot, sir I just took a breath, I took a very dirty breath, don't take it again, sing after me, I said ok take it again, sing after me, I said ok take it again, sing after me, I said ok sir, I said sir sir, I said sir sir, I said sir what, I said no, listen to the tune, you what, I said no, listen to the tune, you what, I said no, listen to the tune, you listen, sir is saying hold the note, Abhishek, listen, sir is saying hold the note, Abhishek, listen, sir is saying hold the note, Abhishek, I said sir is saying I said sir is saying I said sir is saying hold the note, I hold the note, I hold the note, I hold it, friend, I said I don't know how to do it, do it, I said I am hold it, friend, I said I don't know how to do it, do it, I said I am hold it, friend, I said I don't know how to do it, do it, I said I am not able to do it, sir, I said do it once, I will do it once, the not able to do it, sir, I said do it once, I will do it once, the ability to hold the note is called ability to hold the note is called ability to hold the note is called singing, that's singing, that's what kind of coaching is this what kind of coaching is this what kind of coaching is this brother, then I will coach the athletic team of Olympics, brother, then I will coach the athletic team of Olympics, brother, then I will coach the athletic team of Olympics, sister [ __ ], run faster, oh run faster, run faster, run faster, friend, you have to run faster than others, is it not that difficult, actually I like comedy, many like comedy, many like comedy, many people respect such comedy, many people respect such comedy, many people respect such comedy, many people keep asking me, actually you are a comedy people keep asking me, actually you are a comedy people keep asking me, actually you are a comedy Why are you doing this? You should have done a job, it Why are you doing this? You should have done a job, it Why are you doing this? You should have done a job, it is respected a lot. Yes, let me tell you is respected a lot. Yes, let me tell you is respected a lot. Yes, let me tell you why I am doing this. I used to do comedy. why I am doing this. I used to do comedy. why I am doing this. I used to do comedy. First, understand me. First, understand me. First, understand me. I am a chemical engineer and I am a chemical engineer and I am a chemical engineer and not just any chemical engineer who got a 40 and not just any chemical engineer who got a 40 and not just any chemical engineer who got a 40 and passed, he got a 51. Thank you, thank you, sit down, sit down. I was in my final year at Punjab University, Chandigarh. When we reached the final year, final year at Punjab University, Chandigarh. When we reached the final year, final year at Punjab University, Chandigarh. When we reached the final year, all my friends were getting jobs. all my friends were getting jobs. all my friends were getting jobs. When the first friend among us got a When the first friend among us got a When the first friend among us got a job, we were all sitting at his placement party. We were job, we were all sitting at his placement party. We were job, we were all sitting at his placement party. We were very happy that, come on, friend, very happy that, come on, friend, very happy that, come on, friend, jobs have started coming our way. We were all drinking. jobs have started coming our way. We were all drinking. jobs have started coming our way. We were all drinking. My best friend My best friend My best friend Chuchu and I also drank alcohol and were very happy that, come on, Chuchu and I also drank alcohol and were very happy that, come on, Chuchu and I also drank alcohol and were very happy that, come on, friend, jobs have started coming our way friend, jobs have started coming our way friend, jobs have started coming our way soon. We are fed up with student life. We have to soon. We are fed up with student life. We have to soon. We are fed up with student life. We have to ask for money from our family for everything. ask for money from our family for everything. ask for money from our family for everything. Once I get a job, I will directly block my family. Once I get a job, I will directly block my family. I kept getting jobs after jobs. I kept getting jobs after jobs. I kept getting jobs after jobs. Everyone's Chuchu also got a job, that too Everyone's Chuchu also got a job, that too Everyone's Chuchu also got a job, that too in Delhi where I wanted to. In the entire class, in Delhi where I wanted to. In the entire class, in Delhi where I wanted to. In the entire class, only two kids got jobs, one mine only two kids got jobs, one mine only two kids got jobs, one mine and one more.  There was a kid who didn't come to college after his second year, and one more.  There was a kid who didn't come to college after his second year, okay, I'll count him, he also didn't get a job, so I did what also didn't get a job, so I did what also didn't get a job, so I did what Sonam Kapoor would have done in my place, Sonam Kapoor would have done in my place, I talked to Papa, "Dad, I talked to Papa, "Dad, I talked to Papa, "Dad, listen, does anyone know you, anyone know you, anyone know you, I said, companies aren't coming for I said, companies aren't coming for I said, companies aren't coming for placements, right?" She said, " placements, right?" She said, " placements, right?" She said, " How come you didn't get a job for four years? You haven't How come you didn't get a job for four years? You haven't How come you didn't get a job for four years? You haven't done anything, done anything, done anything, just movies here and there, that foolish cult, just movies here and there, that foolish cult, just movies here and there, that foolish cult, where will you get a job for four years? If you did n't study, you could have told me, my friend, n't study, you could have told me, my friend, n't study, you could have told me, my friend, our money would have been wasted, we could have sent you to the village, we could have done our money would have been wasted, we could have sent you to the village, we could have done our money would have been wasted, we could have sent you to the village, we could have done some farming." I some farming." I some farming." I said, "Now you want me to get you a said, "Now you want me to get you a said, "Now you want me to get you a job through a recommendation?" I said, "Yes, no, this is not my job, I had to provide this is not my job, I had to provide this is not my job, I had to provide education, I did the rest, education, I did the rest, education, I did the rest, you look after yourself." I said, " you look after yourself." I said, " you look after yourself." I said, " Please, Papa, how are you doing like this? Please, Papa, how are you doing like this? Please, Papa, how are you doing like this? How are you treating your father? Uncle's job got a job, How are you treating your father? Uncle's job got a job, How are you treating your father? Uncle's job got a job, everyone's got a job. Please, Papa, do me the everyone's got a job. Please, Papa, do me the everyone's got a job. Please, Papa, do me the last favor, do me the last favor of my life. I wo last favor, do me the last favor of my life. I wo last favor, do me the last favor of my life. I wo n't even talk to him. I see, I see, I see, I feel ashamed of you, I feel ashamed of you, I feel ashamed of you, but I am proud of you."  Let's get it, now my friends got jobs in Delhi, now my friends got jobs in Delhi, now my friends got jobs in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Pune, my real father got me a job in Bathinda, Bathinda, Bathinda, you know, Uttara Punjab, Bathinda, Bathinda, you know, Uttara Punjab, Bathinda, Bathinda, you know, Uttara Punjab, see, yes, I am there, I am seen taking drugs in the background, see, yes, I am there, I am seen taking drugs in the background, and actually, Bathinda was not there, I wish it was Bathinda, there is a forest one and and actually, Bathinda was not there, I wish it was Bathinda, there is a forest one and and actually, Bathinda was not there, I wish it was Bathinda, there is a forest one and a half hour inside Bathinda, it is a half hour inside Bathinda, it is a half hour inside Bathinda, it is not a village, it is a forest, its name is not a village, it is a forest, its name is not a village, it is a forest, its name is Talwandi Talwandi Talwandi Saboo, Talwandi Saboo, Talwandi Saboo, Talwandi Saboo, Bathinda is aspirational for the people there, Saboo, Bathinda is aspirational for the people there, Saboo, Bathinda is aspirational for the people there, my mother's husband got me a job there, my mother's husband got me a job there, my mother's husband got me a job there, and where did he get me a job, inside an oil and where did he get me a job, inside an oil and where did he get me a job, inside an oil refinery, that means, he might accidentally get hit by the fan, on the refinery, that means, he might accidentally get hit by the fan, on the first day of job life, he would come to give orientation of the refinery, he would come to give orientation of the refinery, he would come to give orientation of the refinery, hello, hello, welcome chemical hello, hello, welcome chemical hello, hello, welcome chemical engineers, today go to our refinery, welcome engineers, today go to our refinery, welcome engineers, today go to our refinery, welcome to the Guru Gobind Singh Refinery, look at to the Guru Gobind Singh Refinery, look at to the Guru Gobind Singh Refinery, look at our 2000 acre refinery, 2000 acres, such a our 2000 acre refinery, 2000 acres, such a our 2000 acre refinery, 2000 acres, such a big refinery, it was fun to see it, what a thing, they big refinery, it was fun to see it, what a thing, they big refinery, it was fun to see it, what a thing, they made it so big and it is not visible at all  He is saying that hey hey made it so big and it is not visible at all  He is saying that hey hey made it so big and it is not visible at all  He is saying that hey hey what's the matter brother hey the what's the matter brother hey the what's the matter brother hey the people who went to build it have not returned till date I am fine brother it is a I am fine brother it is a I am fine brother it is a big Relax refinery which is big Relax refinery which is big Relax refinery which is extracting oil in one BHK brother is saying do you know brother is saying do you know brother is saying do you know which is the biggest refinery in India I said oh it is this which is the biggest refinery in India I said oh it is this which is the biggest refinery in India I said oh it is this no it is Relax no it is Relax no it is Relax I what is it on second I am on 10th I what is it on second I am on 10th I what is it on second I am on 10th I am how many in total 12 I said you should learn to talk first you have brought up this topic and friend I had dreams in college that when I get a you have brought up this topic and friend I had dreams in college that when I get a you have brought up this topic and friend I had dreams in college that when I get a job I will wear formals, I will job I will wear formals, I will job I will wear formals, I will wear a shirt I will fold the cuffs a little like this it looks wear a shirt I will fold the cuffs a little like this it looks wear a shirt I will fold the cuffs a little like this it looks handsome like this what did we get to handsome like this what did we get to handsome like this what did we get to wear there this this this you are wear there this this this you are looking at this sister you will give leave to Hrithik Roshan in this looking at this sister you will give leave to Hrithik Roshan in this looking at this sister you will give leave to Hrithik Roshan in this sister you do n't wear this in this you enter in this [Sangeet] it is [Sangeet] it is [Sangeet] it is fire proof that is the only advantage so you fire proof that is the only advantage so you fire proof that is the only advantage so you can extinguish the cigarette from it and why should I say fire proof and why should I say fire proof and why should I say fire proof because it keeps catching fire because it keeps catching fire because it keeps catching fire it is not that once a fire broke out it keeps catching fire it is not that once a fire broke out it keeps catching fire present continuous so on the first day itself he is continuous so on the first day itself he is continuous so on the first day itself he is saying  Let me first teach you how to extinguish a fire. saying  Let me first teach you how to extinguish a fire. saying  Let me first teach you how to extinguish a fire. I said, why are you saying fire extinguishing? I said, why are you saying fire extinguishing? I said, why are you saying fire extinguishing? Look, his face is burning. You have such a huge refinery of 2000 acres. You have such a huge refinery of 2000 acres. You have such a huge refinery of 2000 acres. You don't have a fire department. You do have one, but it's You don't have a fire department. You do have one, but it's You don't have a fire department. You do have one, but it's very far away. By the time they come, the fire has increased. They very far away. By the time they come, the fire has increased. They very far away. By the time they come, the fire has increased. They come and say, "Now everything is burnt," they throw water on us in anger and go away. everything is burnt," they throw water on us in anger and go away. everything is burnt," they throw water on us in anger and go away. I said, "Bring it closer." I had I said, "Bring it closer." I had I said, "Bring it closer." I had brought that friend. Once there was a fire in the plant, that also got brought that friend. Once there was a fire in the plant, that also got brought that friend. Once there was a fire in the plant, that also got burnt. This is true, by Dave, it happened in the Panipat refinery This is true, by Dave, it happened in the Panipat refinery This is true, by Dave, it happened in the Panipat refinery in the 90s. They had built such units in the 90s. They had built such units in the 90s. They had built such units and in the middle they made a fire department, saying, "We will put it and in the middle they made a fire department, saying, "We will put it and in the middle they made a fire department, saying, "We will put it here, we will put it out here. If it here, we will put it out here. If it here, we will put it out here. If it explodes all at once, everyone is gone. No one even noticed." Then he said, "Come on, I will introduce you to your boss, Then he said, "Come on, I will introduce you to your boss, Then he said, "Come on, I will introduce you to your boss, whose name is Sharad whose name is Sharad whose name is Sharad Bhole, don't go there." He Bhole, don't go there." He Bhole, don't go there." He took me to his office, it was a proper office. I took me to his office, it was a proper office. I took me to his office, it was a proper office. I said, "Oh, what's the matter, I will come here, Sharad Sir, I am coming." He said, " said, "Oh, what's the matter, I will come here, Sharad Sir, I am coming." He said, " What happened?" I said, "Are you surprising him?" I hid behind the sofa. him?" I hid behind the sofa. him?" I hid behind the sofa. I came here as soon as I came.  I will go, the I came here as soon as I came.  I will go, the I came here as soon as I came.  I will go, the new joinee came, then Sharad joinee came, then Sharad joinee came, then Sharad Bholu came and said hello welcome chemical Bholu came and said hello welcome chemical Bholu came and said hello welcome chemical engineers welcome how did you like the engineers welcome how did you like the engineers welcome how did you like the refinery a kid from here is saying sir refinery a kid from here is saying sir refinery a kid from here is saying sir very very very beautiful very beautiful very beautiful very beautiful there was soot on his face he was saying have you seen the refinery anybody has any saying have you seen the refinery anybody has any saying have you seen the refinery anybody has any questions I said sir questions I said sir questions I said sir how many holidays are there in this refinery how many holidays are there in this refinery how many holidays are there in this refinery what I said holidays sir what I said holidays sir what I said holidays sir leaves holidays for leaves holidays for leaves holidays for Sunday brother how many are available sir here arre 15 is how many are available sir here arre 15 is how many are available sir here arre 15 is sick leave 15 is paid leave and 15 is casual sick leave 15 is paid leave and 15 is casual sick leave 15 is paid leave and 15 is casual leave I leave I leave I need one tomorrow why do I need one I said question answer one tomorrow why do I need one I said question answer one tomorrow why do I need one I said question answer why is it casual brother be casual na you brother be casual na you brother be casual na you this is what is casual leave take leave friend arre this is what is casual leave take leave friend arre this is what is casual leave take leave friend arre what is your plan for a movie keeps watching movies what is your plan for a movie keeps watching movies what is your plan for a movie keeps watching movies this is casual behaviour he is getting serious on casual leave behaviour he is getting serious on casual leave behaviour he is getting serious on casual leave so right Abhishek you can take a leave so right Abhishek you can take a leave so right Abhishek you can take a leave tomorrow but I am just letting you know that we don't tomorrow but I am just letting you know that we don't tomorrow but I am just letting you know that we don't I have no problem taking leaves, I don't need I have no problem taking leaves, I don't need I have no problem taking leaves, I don't need encouragement, I am very driven and motivated, so it felt like relationships were turning sour on the very first day so it felt like relationships were turning sour on the very first day Now, if a friend makes you stressed in the office, Now, if a friend makes you stressed in the office, Now, if a friend makes you stressed in the office, you think whatever was to happen has happened, you think whatever was to happen has happened, you think whatever was to happen has happened, okay, let's drink beer, okay, let's drink beer, okay, let's drink beer, meet friends, vent out a bit, everything will be meet friends, vent out a bit, everything will be meet friends, vent out a bit, everything will be fine, where should I go? There is fine, where should I go? There is fine, where should I go? There is Talwandi Sabo, the most happening place in that area, it most happening place in that area, it most happening place in that area, it was the refinery, people would come to chill after the refinery, we will was the refinery, people would come to chill after the refinery, we will talk in its light talk in its light talk in its light [Sangeet] They had [Sangeet] They had [Sangeet] They had given me a little township, I had to stay there, given me a little township, I had to stay there, given me a little township, I had to stay there, I used to stay there, I am I used to stay there, I am I used to stay there, I am calling my brother, I ask him what is he doing, calling my brother, I ask him what is he doing, calling my brother, I ask him what is he doing, he is in Delhi, I said how are you, he said he is in Delhi, I said how are you, he said he is in Delhi, I said how are you, he said what is he doing, he said what is he doing, he said what is he doing, he said nothing brother, a new bar has opened in Gurgaon, we were going nothing brother, a new bar has opened in Gurgaon, we were going nothing brother, a new bar has opened in Gurgaon, we were going there, we will go for a drink, there is also a live there, we will go for a drink, there is also a live there, we will go for a drink, there is also a live gig, we will see that, then we will drink, then we will eat gig, we will see that, then we will drink, then we will eat gig, we will see that, then we will drink, then we will eat brother, normal friend brother, brother, normal friend brother, brother, normal friend brother, what are you doing, I am sitting, what are you doing, I am sitting, what are you doing, I am sitting, friend  Go outside, I said it's forbidden to go out, friend  Go outside, I said it's forbidden to go out, friend  Go outside, I said it's forbidden to go out, they were saying there are drug addicts roaming around and they they were saying there are drug addicts roaming around and they they were saying there are drug addicts roaming around and they cut hands, they cut hands, they cut hands, they cut my hands, I got a boat here, you go out and your I got a boat here, you go out and your I got a boat here, you go out and your hands get cut, if you go hands get cut, if you go hands get cut, if you go inside your mouth gets burnt So I started going down a little bit, I So I started going down a little bit, I So I started going down a little bit, I saw a guy who looked like a local, saw a guy who looked like a local, saw a guy who looked like a local, I said let's ask him, he might know I said let's ask him, he might know I said let's ask him, he might know some hidden some hidden some hidden gems, I called him, I said Paaji, what's gems, I called him, I said Paaji, what's gems, I called him, I said Paaji, what's your name, he said your name, he said your name, he said Gippy, I said Abhishek, he said Gippy, I said Abhishek, he said Gippy, I said Abhishek, he said Pannu, he's not even calling me Upmanyu, he does not even calling me Upmanyu, he does not even calling me Upmanyu, he does n't even know, he's so lost in his heart, he's so deep in Punjab, I said Paaji, I wanted to ask if there are any I said Paaji, I wanted to ask if there are any I said Paaji, I wanted to ask if there are any live gigs here, he said Roin, I said no, Paaji, I want live ganja, Roin, I said no, Paaji, I want live ganja, Roin, I said no, Paaji, I want live ganja, I don't want anything, Paaji, okay, let's meet, I don't want anything, Paaji, okay, let's meet, I don't want anything, Paaji, okay, let's meet, I said wait, wait, if you have any important I said wait, wait, if you have any important I said wait, wait, if you have any important work, tell me, I said like you need an abortion, work, tell me, I said like you need an abortion, work, tell me, I said like you need an abortion, I said I said I said what kind of place is this, Ganja and Bashan what kind of place is this, Ganja and Bashan what kind of place is this, Ganja and Bashan markets are the same, the same guy is selling both, guy is selling both, guy is selling both, this is going on in Talwandi Saboo  And this is going on in Talwandi Saboo  And this is going on in Talwandi Saboo  And smoking is not allowed inside the refinery. smoking is not allowed inside the refinery. smoking is not allowed inside the refinery. They were saying that our They were saying that our They were saying that our refinery will be ruined. It is a 2000 acre refinery. They get ruined by their speculation. So to refinery will be ruined. It is a 2000 acre refinery. They get ruined by their speculation. So to smoke there, I had to take a bus and go smoke there, I had to take a bus and go smoke there, I had to take a bus and go half an hour away. half an hour away. half an hour away. I used to sit in the bus and go half an hour away, smoke a I used to sit in the bus and go half an hour away, smoke a I used to sit in the bus and go half an hour away, smoke a cigarette. Now it takes half an hour to come back. By the time we reach back, I cigarette. Now it takes half an hour to come back. By the time we reach back, I forget about smoking. Then forget about smoking. Then forget about smoking. Then I went there for half an hour and I went there for half an hour and I went there for half an hour and roamed around in buses for three days. He gave a slip to the bus driver and said, "Friend, He gave a slip to the bus driver and said, "Friend, He gave a slip to the bus driver and said, "Friend, you keep the bus, friend, I have learnt a little bit. I have come to drive the bus I have come to drive the bus now." Obviously, now." Obviously, now." Obviously, Sharad Bhole had a problem with this. Sharad Bhole had a problem with this. Sharad Bhole had a problem with this. He called me to the office and called me to come here. He called me to the office and called me to come here. He called me to the office and called me to come here. Your breaks have become very long. I said, " Your breaks have become very long. I said, " Your breaks have become very long. I said, " Sir, I have to go out to smoke." Sir, Sir, I have to go out to smoke." Sir, Sir, I have to go out to smoke." Sir, what should I do? Otherwise, why don't you smoke? what should I do? Otherwise, why don't you smoke? what should I do? Otherwise, why don't you smoke? I said, "Sir, see, I will gradually I said, "Sir, see, I will gradually I said, "Sir, see, I will gradually quit, I mean, how long are you taking alone? The quit, I mean, how long are you taking alone? The quit, I mean, how long are you taking alone? The others are also working." others are also working." others are also working." I said, "Sir, the others are smoking tobacco." I said, "Sir, the others are smoking tobacco." You also say Chani You also say Chani You also say Chani Khani, what kind of job is this that you Khani, what kind of job is this that you want to start gutkha with your suit, I said no, then at least try Chani Khani, want to start gutkha with your suit, I said no, then at least try Chani Khani, I said friend, bring it, friend, and I took that packet and kept it here, I took that packet and kept it here, I took that packet and kept it here, I enjoyed it, oh [ __ ] friend, my Talwandi attitude started, I [ __ ] friend, my Talwandi attitude started, I [ __ ] friend, my Talwandi attitude started, I found out, for two months I was not able to say it upstairs, then found out, for two months I was not able to say it upstairs, then I understood that it is I understood that it is I understood that it is not going to work like this for long, so I said friend, not going to work like this for long, so I said friend, not going to work like this for long, so I said friend, what should I do, I remembered, I have what should I do, I remembered, I have what should I do, I remembered, I have 45 leaves, I took them in the first 90 days itself, why delay 45 leaves, I took them in the first 90 days itself, why delay in doing a good work, in doing a good work, in doing a good work, and all my leaves were also approved and all my leaves were also approved and all my leaves were also approved because by chance, just by luck, the one who approved my leave was because by chance, just by luck, the one who approved my leave was because by chance, just by luck, the one who approved my leave was an Englishman and you an Englishman and you an Englishman and you know that Englishmen are sensitive people, they take every know that Englishmen are sensitive people, they take every know that Englishmen are sensitive people, they take every disease seriously, I am calling, I can't come, I have a headache, oh disease seriously, I am calling, I can't come, I have a headache, oh disease seriously, I am calling, I can't come, I have a headache, oh headache, I will pray headache, I will pray headache, I will pray for you, friend, please take some rest, I am opening a beer at home, you, friend, please take some rest, I am opening a beer at home, and tell this Indian Sharma Mishra Gupta, and tell this Indian Sharma Mishra Gupta, and tell this Indian Sharma Mishra Gupta, sir, I have cancer, I will also come to the sir, I have cancer, I will also come to the sir, I have cancer, I will also come to the office Come on, let's all work in cancer. Here we recruit from cancer bud. Here we recruit from cancer bud. Here we recruit from cancer bud. Come on, friend, I spent the first three months having a lot of fun. I had a friend, I spent the first three months having a lot of fun. I had a friend, I spent the first three months having a lot of fun. I had a big party in Chandigarh. big party in Chandigarh. big party in Chandigarh. After three months, when I finally After three months, when I finally After three months, when I finally reached the plant, Sharat Bhole was sitting reached the plant, Sharat Bhole was sitting reached the plant, Sharat Bhole was sitting there and he was taunting me with marks. there and he was taunting me with marks. there and he was taunting me with marks. I entered inside and said, I entered inside and said, I entered inside and said, hey, hey, hey, whose foot are you, Sadam Refinery is located, good morning sir, what work do you have to do today, good morning sir, what work do you have to do today, good morning sir, what work do you have to do today, you will work, sir, you give us work, you will work, sir, you give us work, you will work, sir, you give us work, I will bring the cigarette, go, hey, you hey, you hey, you skipped the training, what work will skipped the training, what work will skipped the training, what work will you do now, I said, then sir, should I go? Card blasting will be done for unit one, Card blasting will be done for unit one, Card blasting will be done for unit one, that too will not be done, I said, it will be done, so that too will not be done, I said, it will be done, so that too will not be done, I said, it will be done, so he gave me the job of cardboard blasting. he gave me the job of cardboard blasting. he gave me the job of cardboard blasting. What happens in it, basically, there is a What happens in it, basically, there is a What happens in it, basically, there is a pipe going into the refinery, pipe going into the refinery, pipe going into the refinery, so they start blowing air at one end of the pipe so they start blowing air at one end of the pipe so they start blowing air at one end of the pipe and and and stick a cardboard box at the opening of the pipe. Now if you stick a cardboard box at the opening of the pipe. Now if you stick a cardboard box at the opening of the pipe. Now if you keep blowing air, the pressure will keep building, keep blowing air, the pressure will keep building, keep blowing air, the pressure will keep building, after a point, so much pressure will build up that it will after a point, so much pressure will build up that it will after a point, so much pressure will build up that it will blast and when it blasts, there is blast and when it blasts, there is blast and when it blasts, there is a  A temporary vacuum is created a  A temporary vacuum is created a  A temporary vacuum is created due to which all the dirt in the pipe gets due to which all the dirt in the pipe gets due to which all the dirt in the pipe gets stuck to the cardboard. Now you stuck to the cardboard. Now you stuck to the cardboard. Now you and I were equal chemical engineers. and I were equal chemical engineers. and I were equal chemical engineers. Okay, I have taught you everything you know. You can take the exam in this room right now and you will get the same exam in this room right now and you will get the same exam in this room right now and you will get the same marks. Correct. Correct. Correct. 51 Now friend, the thing is that when you do carbon 51 Now friend, the thing is that when you do carbon 51 Now friend, the thing is that when you do carbon blasting like this, there is a blast sound. I blasting like this, there is a blast sound. I thought, friend, there is no feeling in one sound. thought, friend, there is no feeling in one sound. thought, friend, there is no feeling in one sound. Why not set 10-12 pipes together and do it Why not set 10-12 pipes together and do it Why not set 10-12 pipes together and do it like a Diwali party? Then I set the pipes three to one. The alarm started going off in the plant. alarm started going off in the plant. alarm started going off in the plant. Immediately after this, Immediately after this, Immediately after this, I said, "Save me, what is happening?" I said, "Save me, what is happening?" I said, "Save me, what is happening?" Then I saw Sharad coming running in the bhole plant. He thinks Then I saw Sharad coming running in the bhole plant. He thinks I have missed it. He came there and said, "What is happening here?" came there and said, "What is happening here?" came there and said, "What is happening here?" I said, "I am not tensed, we will do it I said, "I am not tensed, we will do it I said, "I am not tensed, we will do it again. Hey, sit down sir. Put the pipe in this way. Hey, sit down sir. Put the pipe in this way. Can I stop this right now? You have Can I stop this right now? You have Can I stop this right now? You have created panic here." I said, "Sir, here, created panic here." I said, "Sir, here, created panic here." I said, "Sir, here, Joy."  And the laughter is going on that let's go to my office, you my office, you my office, you took me to your office, whom should I ask, took me to your office, whom should I ask, took me to your office, whom should I ask, you did blasting like this I said sir, you did blasting like this I said sir, you did blasting like this I said sir, what difference does it make, sir, all the pipes are cleaned, does what difference does it make, sir, all the pipes are cleaned, does what difference does it make, sir, all the pipes are cleaned, does n't it make a difference, with such a loud noise n't it make a difference, with such a loud noise n't it make a difference, with such a loud noise any operator could have been scooped, an any operator could have been scooped, an any operator could have been scooped, an accident could have happened, how would you know about accident could have happened, how would you know about accident could have happened, how would you know about all this, you were not here during the training, all this, you were not here during the training, all this, you were not here during the training, you took leave for 45 days out of 90, there were only you took leave for 45 days out of 90, there were only you took leave for 45 days out of 90, there were only 10 weekends, six public holidays six public holidays six public holidays and on the few days you have come, you keep and on the few days you have come, you keep and on the few days you have come, you keep roaming in buses, you do the training first, from tomorrow at you do the training first, from tomorrow at you do the training first, from tomorrow at 5:00 in the evening there is operator batch training, 5:00 in the evening there is operator batch training, 5:00 in the evening there is operator batch training, sit in it, 5:00 to 9:00, I said sir, 5:00 sit in it, 5:00 to 9:00, I said sir, 5:00 sit in it, 5:00 to 9:00, I said sir, 5:00 to 9:00, so when will I come to the plant, will you to 9:00, so when will I come to the plant, will you to 9:00, so when will I come to the plant, will you come at 9:00, whatever the time is, I said sir, then it will be come at 9:00, whatever the time is, I said sir, then it will be come at 9:00, whatever the time is, I said sir, then it will be 12 hours, you are saying you are busy sir, 12 hours, you are saying you are busy sir, 12 hours, you are saying you are busy sir, somewhere I said sir, what will I do after somewhere I said sir, what will I do after somewhere I said sir, what will I do after coming to the plant, when everything is prohibited, do the stance, coming to the plant, when everything is prohibited, do the stance, coming to the plant, when everything is prohibited, do the stance, you will just do the stance, and you did low you will just do the stance, and you did low you will just do the stance, and you did low level work  What do they do with that? They give level work  What do they do with that? They give level work  What do they do with that? They give you a black marker, which you a black marker, which you a black marker, which is a whiteboard. Take this, and on the is a whiteboard. Take this, and on the is a whiteboard. Take this, and on the pipes that are going through, you just have to write by hand pipes that are going through, you just have to write by hand pipes that are going through, you just have to write by hand which liquid or gas is going through them. I'm which liquid or gas is going through them. I'm which liquid or gas is going through them. I'm writing here, map was ACIL, this is what I have to do. This is the writing here, map was ACIL, this is what I have to do. This is the writing here, map was ACIL, this is what I have to do. This is the job they gave to a chemical job they gave to a chemical job they gave to a chemical engineer. I would have done this in class 3, engineer. I would have done this in class 3, engineer. I would have done this in class 3, my writing was better then, so my writing was better then, so my writing was better then, so I'm doing this. Every day for eight hours, I'm doing this. Every day for eight hours, I'm doing this. Every day for eight hours, 12 hours. 12 hours. 12 hours. HL A2 A4 Sharad Bhole is a fool. I wrote that the neem leaves are bitter in the entire refinery. I wrote that the neem leaves are bitter in the entire refinery. So this continued for two weeks. After two weeks, So this continued for two weeks. After two weeks, So this continued for two weeks. After two weeks, one day I was writing like this, and the one day I was writing like this, and the one day I was writing like this, and the alarm went off again in the plant. I said, I did alarm went off again in the plant. I said, I did alarm went off again in the plant. I said, I did n't do anything, this time brother, I failed. n't do anything, this time brother, I failed. n't do anything, this time brother, I failed. What did I write? What did I write? What did I write? [Music] What happened till then? There was an announcement in the plant. There has been a happened till then? There was an announcement in the plant. There has been a happened till then? There was an announcement in the plant. There has been a naphtha leak naphtha leak naphtha leak in unit one. Everyone is requested not to in unit one. Everyone is requested not to in unit one. Everyone is requested not to move. The leak in unit one, please do not move. The leak in unit one, please do not move. The leak in unit one, please do not move. It is a highly flammable gas that started move. It is a highly flammable gas that started move. It is a highly flammable gas that started leaking. It is so flammable that if you move leaking. It is so flammable that if you move leaking. It is so flammable that if you move here.  If it happens somewhere and I throw my shoe like this, there are here.  If it happens somewhere and I throw my shoe like this, there are here.  If it happens somewhere and I throw my shoe like this, there are chances it will explode and it will chances it will explode and it will chances it will explode and it will catch on something. So they said, don't catch on something. So they said, don't catch on something. So they said, don't even move because that could cause an accident. So they even move because that could cause an accident. So they even move because that could cause an accident. So they declared an emergency. I said, "[ __ ], declared an emergency. I said, "[ __ ], I might die here, I might die here, I might die here, my life will end in Talwandi." Now, the only way to stop that leakage was for Now, the only way to stop that leakage was for Now, the only way to stop that leakage was for someone to go through it and close the someone to go through it and close the someone to go through it and close the wall. But wall. But wall. But whoever does this, his life is at major risk. He will whoever does this, his life is at major risk. He will whoever does this, his life is at major risk. He will definitely die. So I said, "I'm definitely die. So I said, "I'm definitely die. So I said, "I'm not doing it, not doing it, not doing it, I don't have any interest in becoming a useless hero." I don't have any interest in becoming a useless hero." I don't have any interest in becoming a useless hero." They told me to stand there. They told me to stand there. They told me to stand there. I wasn't listening to them, I wasn't listening to them, I wasn't listening to them, I was following them, thinking that I was following them, thinking that I was following them, thinking that I would reach Chandigarh anyway. [Music] Then [Music] Then [Music] Then we saw Sharad Bhole going through that leakage. we saw Sharad Bhole going through that leakage. we saw Sharad Bhole going through that leakage. I said, "Come on, please, please, please, the on, please, please, please, the on, please, please, please, the top two problems of my life can both top two problems of my life can both top two problems of my life can both refinery and Sharad Bhole refinery and Sharad Bhole refinery and Sharad Bhole go together." Please go together." Please go together." Please go. God didn't listen to me, he came and go. God didn't listen to me, he came and go. God didn't listen to me, he came and closed the wall.  There was a subsidence, they closed the wall.  There was a subsidence, they closed the wall.  There was a subsidence, they shut down the plant for 12 hours and shut down the plant for 12 hours and shut down the plant for 12 hours and told all the engineers to go to the office, the told all the engineers to go to the office, the told all the engineers to go to the office, the plant will remain closed for 12 hours, everyone plant will remain closed for 12 hours, everyone plant will remain closed for 12 hours, everyone reached when Sharad Bhole entered the plant office, the reached when Sharad Bhole entered the plant office, the reached when Sharad Bhole entered the plant office, the entire refinery was clapping for him, saying that he is entire refinery was clapping for him, saying that he is entire refinery was clapping for him, saying that he is getting such an applause break, the getting such an applause break, the getting such an applause break, the refinery announced a bravery award for him, refinery announced a bravery award for him, refinery announced a bravery award for him, 10 lakh rupees was 10 lakh rupees was 10 lakh rupees was not my annual salary, I was so not my annual salary, I was so not my annual salary, I was so angry, okay, after that these angry, okay, after that these angry, okay, after that these committees etc. sat, the inquiry committee said committees etc. sat, the inquiry committee said committees etc. sat, the inquiry committee said we have done all the inquiries, someone had cancelled the guards we have done all the inquiries, someone had cancelled the guards [music], so Sharad ji called me to his office, I reached the office, I said sir, I reached the office, I said sir, I reached the office, I said sir, I am coming in, come in Abhishek, close the door, do I am coming in, come in Abhishek, close the door, do I am coming in, come in Abhishek, close the door, do you know why I have called you here, you know why I have called you here, you know why I have called you here, I said yes sir, technically I am entitled to a I said yes sir, technically I am entitled to a I said yes sir, technically I am entitled to a share in that award, shut up and you are talking shut up and you are talking shut up and you are talking nonsense, you fool, people nonsense, you fool, people nonsense, you fool, people could have lost their lives, are you could have lost their lives, are you could have lost their lives, are you understanding, you are talking nonsense from above, you stupid understanding, you are talking nonsense from above, you stupid understanding, you are talking nonsense from above, you stupid idiot, I idiot, I idiot, I said sir please mind your language, I am deliberately said sir please mind your language, I am deliberately said sir please mind your language, I am deliberately No, it has been No, it has been No, it has been 25 years since I have been in industry, I have 25 years since I have been in industry, I have 25 years since I have been in industry, I have never seen an idiot like you. I never seen an idiot like you. I never seen an idiot like you. I said, Sir, I did not do it intentionally, said, Sir, I did not do it intentionally, said, Sir, I did not do it intentionally, and the operator should have been checked once. The and the operator should have been checked once. The and the operator should have been checked once. The operator made a mistake. operator made a mistake. operator made a mistake. Why do we keep people like you? They keep Why do we keep people like you? They keep Why do we keep people like you? They keep coming, son. Be thankful that trainees cannot remove this person, coming, son. Be thankful that trainees cannot remove this person, coming, son. Be thankful that trainees cannot remove this person, otherwise they would have kicked us out by kicking us in the ass. They keep coming for otherwise they would have kicked us out by kicking us in the ass. They keep coming for otherwise they would have kicked us out by kicking us in the ass. They keep coming for 25 years. 25 years. 25 years. I said, Sir, please do your work, I said, Sir, please do your work, I said, Sir, please do your work, I did not do it intentionally, and I I did not do it intentionally, and I I did not do it intentionally, and I said sorry, what favor are you doing to me, you have come here by saying sorry, you have come here on the said sorry, what favor are you doing to me, you have come here by saying sorry, you have come here on the said sorry, what favor are you doing to me, you have come here by saying sorry, you have come here on the recommendation of your father, recommendation of your father, recommendation of your father, son, your father must also be a fool, why are you staring like this, get out of here, staring like this, get out of here, staring like this, get out of here, check one pipe and until all the pipes are fixed, check one pipe and until all the pipes are fixed, check one pipe and until all the pipes are fixed, you should go, close the door and get out of here. you should go, close the door and get out of here. you should go, close the door and get out of here. I felt that it was too much, so I I felt that it was too much, so I I felt that it was too much, so I called my father, I said, Papa, these people are called my father, I said, Papa, these people are called my father, I said, Papa, these people are abusing me, son, a person learns from this too, be careful, friend, son, a person learns from this too, be careful, friend, son, a person learns from this too, be careful, friend, you felt that this is too much, all this is beyond you felt that this is too much, all this is beyond you felt that this is too much, all this is beyond my control, then I have my control, then I have my control, then I have worked in all the companies of Delhi.  I worked in all the companies of Delhi.  I worked in all the companies of Delhi.  I started applying to every company, I started applying to every company, I started applying to every company, I sent messages saying, give me a job, give me a job, give me a sent messages saying, give me a job, give me a job, give me a sent messages saying, give me a job, give me a job, give me a job, you give me a job, I job, you give me a job, I job, you give me a job, I applied to a beauty parlor, I don't have the applied to a beauty parlor, I don't have the applied to a beauty parlor, I don't have the passion for threading, please passion for threading, please passion for threading, please give it to me, give it to me, give it to me, friend, I used to do threading even with kite thread, friend, I used to do threading even with kite thread, friend, I used to do threading even with kite thread, okay, no one would reply, people would no one would reply, people would no one would reply, people would reply to me like this, please stop bullying, this is how my life has become, I used to go to the refinery every day, do life has become, I used to go to the refinery every day, do life has become, I used to go to the refinery every day, do tensioning, come back and tensioning, come back and tensioning, come back and sleep after spending 14 hours in this same dress, thank you, I did sleep after spending 14 hours in this same dress, thank you, I did sleep after spending 14 hours in this same dress, thank you, I did not take it off for a month, I used to wear it, not take it off for a month, I used to wear it, not take it off for a month, I used to wear it, I used to write and sleep like this, a month I used to write and sleep like this, a month I used to write and sleep like this, a month passed like this, I started feeling depressed, almost passed like this, I started feeling depressed, almost passed like this, I started feeling depressed, almost one day I was going back after writing like this, one day I was going back after writing like this, one day I was going back after writing like this, inside the township, a voice came from behind, oh inside the township, a voice came from behind, oh inside the township, a voice came from behind, oh Pannu oh Pannu oh Pannu oh Pannu, what happened, why is your bangle torn, Pannu, what happened, why is your bangle torn, Pannu, what happened, why is your bangle torn, I said friend, I stay in the office for a while, I will I said friend, I stay in the office for a while, I will I said friend, I stay in the office for a while, I will meet you later, meet you later, meet you later, okay, Gippy, what happened, tell me, I said, I will do it okay, Gippy, what happened, tell me, I said, I will do it okay, Gippy, what happened, tell me, I said, I will do it later, friend, oh brother, later, friend, oh brother, later, friend, oh brother, wait, what happened, I said, I am in a wait, what happened, I said, I am in a wait, what happened, I said, I am in a bad mood,  If you are in a bad mood, let's fix it, bad mood,  If you are in a bad mood, let's fix it, bad mood,  If you are in a bad mood, let's fix it, how am I saying? I am crying. I said I do how am I saying? I am crying. I said I do how am I saying? I am crying. I said I do n't want to do heroine, friend, why shouldn't n't want to do heroine, friend, why shouldn't n't want to do heroine, friend, why shouldn't I do it, because she is a heroine, that's enough I do it, because she is a heroine, that's enough I do it, because she is a heroine, that's enough reason, he's saying not to do it. Okay, the reason, he's saying not to do it. Okay, the reason, he's saying not to do it. Okay, the whole of Punjab is crazy about it. I'm not saying that the whole of Punjab is doing it. Some I'm not saying that the whole of Punjab is doing it. Some I'm not saying that the whole of Punjab is doing it. Some people do it, okay, the drug addict is saying it, that's what people do it, okay, the drug addict is saying it, that's what I'm saying. Pannu, you don't have to become a drug addict, friend, you have to do it sometimes. I'm saying, you do it all day, do it in balance, you don't have to do too much, friend, if you eat too much, it's also harmful. I said, you're right, friend, I'm I'm saying. Pannu, you don't have to become a drug addict, friend, you have to do it sometimes. I'm saying, you do it all day, do it in balance, you don't have to do too much, friend, if you eat too much, it's also harmful. I said, you're right, friend, I'm I'm saying. Pannu, you don't have to become a drug addict, friend, you have to do it sometimes. I'm saying, you do it all day, do it in balance, you don't have to do too much, friend, if you eat too much, it's also harmful. I said, you're right, friend, I'm saying, we are employed saying, we are employed saying, we are employed people, we don't have time to do people, we don't have time to do people, we don't have time to do drugs every day. I've never done it, the root is drugs every day. I've never done it, the root is drugs every day. I've never done it, the root is bad. I've done it, I haven't done it, it's the same. bad. I've done it, I haven't done it, it's the same. I said, okay, I'm saying, listen, don't like it, don't do it, I'm not going to give you an injection. I said, okay, come I said, okay, I'm saying, listen, don't like it, don't do it, I'm not going to give you an injection. I said, okay, come I said, okay, I'm saying, listen, don't like it, don't do it, I'm not going to give you an injection. I said, okay, come with me. It's 10:00 now, with me. It's 10:00 now, with me. It's 10:00 now, I'll drop you back here by 1 o'clock. I I'll drop you back here by 1 o'clock. I I'll drop you back here by 1 o'clock. I said, okay, come with me.  I took him to a said, okay, come with me.  I took him to a said, okay, come with me.  I took him to a place which was a forest, there was a hospital there which was place which was a forest, there was a hospital there which was place which was a forest, there was a hospital there which was closed, three-four boys were sitting there and closed, three-four boys were sitting there and closed, three-four boys were sitting there and sleeping, I couldn't see it, okay, really they were sleeping, I couldn't see it, okay, really they were sleeping, I couldn't see it, okay, really they were half asleep, I said half asleep, I said half asleep, I said you guys go to sleep, I took him, he took a piece, put it on the spoon, guys go to sleep, I took him, he took a piece, put it on the spoon, guys go to sleep, I took him, he took a piece, put it on the spoon, applied a lighter from below, drew out the liquid, applied a lighter from below, drew out the liquid, applied a lighter from below, drew out the liquid, injected it, I said this is the first shot brother, I am saying, you will do it injected it, I said this is the first shot brother, I am saying, you will do it injected it, I said this is the first shot brother, I am saying, you will do it yourself, I said myself, I was just about to do it, when yourself, I said myself, I was just about to do it, when yourself, I said myself, I was just about to do it, when I got a call, I got a call, I got a call, I said hello Abhishek, is it Abhishek, I I said hello Abhishek, is it Abhishek, I I said hello Abhishek, is it Abhishek, I said yes Abhishek, I am Aditi calling from said yes Abhishek, I am Aditi calling from said yes Abhishek, I am Aditi calling from Integral office, is this a good time to Integral office, is this a good time to Integral office, is this a good time to talk, yes yes very talk, yes yes very talk, yes yes very good time, so where did  Do you apply for a position time, so where did  Do you apply for a position time, so where did  Do you apply for a position of junior analyst in a company I said yes I did I am done I am coming right now I can join right now I can join right now can I come of junior analyst in a company I said yes I did I am done I am coming right now I can join right now I can join right now can I come please can't no Abhishek so tomorrow is the please can't no Abhishek so tomorrow is the please can't no Abhishek so tomorrow is the interview round and written an interview your interview round and written an interview your interview round and written an interview your resume has been shortlisted for that would you be able resume has been shortlisted for that would you be able resume has been shortlisted for that would you be able to make it I said yes I can to make it I said yes I can to make it I said yes I can come right now can it come right now can it come right now can it start at 9:00 tomorrow start at 9:00 tomorrow start at 9:00 tomorrow I said ok I am coming just one I said ok I am coming just one I said ok I am coming just one last thing Abhishek so your current package is 6 last thing Abhishek so your current package is 6 last thing Abhishek so your current package is 6 lakhs per annum how ever we offer only 3 lakhs per annum lakhs per annum how ever we offer only 3 lakhs per annum lakhs per annum how ever we offer only 3 lakhs per annum to our junior analyst would that be all right to our junior analyst would that be all right to our junior analyst would that be all right I said can you give me ₹ per day I I said can you give me ₹ per day I I said can you give me ₹ per day I just need that much ok I am coming right now just need that much ok I am coming right now just need that much ok I am coming right now I will sit outside the office ok bye I will sit outside the office ok bye I will sit outside the office ok bye ma'am thank you see you man see you I ma'am thank you see you man see you I ma'am thank you see you man see you I said oh Gippy I am going there is some important work to do said oh Gippy I am going there is some important work to do said oh Gippy I am going there is some important work to do abortion I said no friend there are more important things in the world I immediately boarded a bus and went to Bathinda  I in the world I immediately boarded a bus and went to Bathinda  I in the world I immediately boarded a bus and went to Bathinda  I went to Delhi and gave the interview there and went to Delhi and gave the interview there and went to Delhi and gave the interview there and I told a lot of lies in the interview, I should I told a lot of lies in the interview, I should I told a lot of lies in the interview, I should n't tell so many lies, n't tell so many lies, n't tell so many lies, I really feel till today that something bad will happen in life, right? That's why I told so many lies I really feel till today that something bad will happen in life, right? That's why I told so many lies in that interview in that interview in that interview Abhishek and my biggest weakness is that I ca Abhishek and my biggest weakness is that I ca Abhishek and my biggest weakness is that I ca n't sleep without work, wow Abhishek, wow, I get hired by telling these lies, wow, I get hired by telling these lies, wow, I get hired by telling these lies, after two-three months the company comes to know after two-three months the company comes to know after two-three months the company comes to know what a fool he has made of us, he drank coffee after getting this offer, sugar packets are coming out of our pocket, sugar packets are coming out of our pocket, sugar packets are coming out of our pocket, what is this, I gave all these interviews, I was gave all these interviews, I was gave all these interviews, I was standing outside the office with the interviewer, the HR lady came out, standing outside the office with the interviewer, the HR lady came out, standing outside the office with the interviewer, the HR lady came out, she said hi Abhishek, this is this company, I decided she said hi Abhishek, this is this company, I decided she said hi Abhishek, this is this company, I decided to make you an offer, congratulations, I sent to make you an offer, congratulations, I sent to make you an offer, congratulations, I sent you all the details of the email, I said thank you all the details of the email, I said thank you all the details of the email, I said thank you, I immediately called Chuchu, I said you, I immediately called Chuchu, I said you, I immediately called Chuchu, I said brother, I got the job, I am coming to Delhi, he said oh brother, I got the job, I am coming to Delhi, he said oh brother, I got the job, I am coming to Delhi, he said oh what's the matter, tell me brother, in this happiness I will what's the matter, tell me brother, in this happiness I will what's the matter, tell me brother, in this happiness I will drink alcohol and vomit, I got a doctor, only one work was left, I went back to Bathinda, resigned, I went back to Bathinda, resigned, I went back to Bathinda, resigned, one month's notice was paid, I served the full notice, did not one month's notice was paid, I served the full notice, did not one month's notice was paid, I served the full notice, did not say anything, last jiddi, say anything, last jiddi, say anything, last jiddi, I was going to go to Delhi, Sharad  I went to Bholo's office and said I was going to go to Delhi, Sharad  I went to Bholo's office and said I was going to go to Delhi, Sharad  I went to Bholo's office and said Sir I am leaving okay go I had something to Sir I am leaving okay go I had something to Sir I am leaving okay go I had something to tell you say yes sir not a day goes by when tell you say yes sir not a day goes by when tell you say yes sir not a day goes by when I don't wish I don't wish I don't wish that you would have died in the leakage that day what that you would have died in the leakage that day what that you would have died in the leakage that day what nonsense are you talking I said do nonsense are you talking I said do nonsense are you talking I said do n't interrupt when I am speaking okay that's the n't interrupt when I am speaking okay that's the n't interrupt when I am speaking okay that's the marker you gave me to write with I will marker you gave me to write with I will marker you gave me to write with I will write Chucha on your forehead and it will write Chucha on your forehead and it will write Chucha on your forehead and it will also improve your face what are you also improve your face what are you also improve your face what are you showing off show your status I said I am showing your showing off show your status I said I am showing your showing off show your status I said I am showing your status do whatever you want bhaiya and go and status do whatever you want bhaiya and go and status do whatever you want bhaiya and go and check each and every sense I have written your horoscope on check each and every sense I have written your horoscope on check each and every sense I have written your horoscope on each one I am each one I am each one I am leaving spit on you cheap office brought spit leaving spit on you cheap office brought spit leaving spit on you cheap office brought spit in a box to throw it while leaving where there was Chucha security and Chucha security and Chucha security and paper weight I dropped that too moved away paper weight I dropped that too moved away paper weight I dropped that too moved away went out I had a lot of fun till went out I had a lot of fun till went out I had a lot of fun till today I am proud of that today I am proud of that today I am proud of that forget about Bathinda and Talwandi and all this forget about Bathinda and Talwandi and all this forget about Bathinda and Talwandi and all this life is bad I went to Lilli where life is bad I went to Lilli where life is bad I went to Lilli where I joined the company I started enjoying it on the first day itself I joined the company I started enjoying it on the first day itself I joined the company I started enjoying it on the first day itself hearing the voice of their HR like that  Hey hearing the voice of their HR like that  Hey hearing the voice of their HR like that  Hey mujhe aise nahay dhoe formal a smile mujhe aise nahay dhoe formal a smile mujhe aise nahay dhoe formal a smile first day atcher hello Abhishek my name is Adi hello hello first day atcher hello Abhishek my name is Adi hello hello first day atcher hello Abhishek my name is Adi hello hello Abhishek just let you know today will be a Abhishek just let you know today will be a Abhishek just let you know today will be a light day I love light day my favourite day my favourite day my favourite day is my story now the office start showing me the office day is my story now the office start showing me the office day is my story now the office start showing me the office Abhishek this is a game room you know there a Abhishek this is a game room you know there a Abhishek this is a game room you know there a football table the pool table I said game football table the pool table I said game football table the pool table I said game room ok ok just done I think so this room ok ok just done I think so this balcony is the smoking area I said right here you can literally inhale and exhale smoke outside I you can literally inhale and exhale smoke outside I mean oh very correct this is so do you have mean oh very correct this is so do you have mean oh very correct this is so do you have any question about the company any question about the company any question about the company I said what's your leave system I said what's your leave system I said what's your leave system like Abhishek we don't have a leave system like Abhishek we don't have a leave system like Abhishek we don't have a leave system we trust our apple so never you want to take a leave just take a leave we trust our apple so never you want to take a leave just take a leave I started crying there I started crying there I started crying there I said aapko main salary denge yaar bach company hai club hai koi ya I will take it he made me sit club hai koi ya I will take it he made me sit Abhishek we have everything now all we need is Abhishek we have everything now all we need is Abhishek we have everything now all we need is a reference letter a reference letter a reference letter from a previous Boss, that's why I'm doing comedy. Boss, that's why I'm doing comedy. Boss, that's why I'm doing comedy. Thank you for coming, guy. I hope you had a Thank you for coming, guy. I hope you had a Thank you for coming, guy. I hope you had a good time. Thank you for coming. You're taking the photo. Take it, time. Thank you for coming. You're taking the photo. Take it, time. Thank you for coming. You're taking the photo. Take it, man. No problem, the issue is over now. man. No problem, the issue is over now. man. No problem, the issue is over now. Thanks for coming. Hope this was worth Thanks for coming. Hope this was worth Thanks for coming. Hope this was worth your time and money. Thanks a lot. Have a your time and money. Thanks a lot. Have a your time and money. Thanks a lot. Have a good night, bye bye.