Do you know about a vehicle Do you know about a vehicle Do you know about a vehicle that is a small package with a big bang?  She that is a small package with a big bang?  She that is a small package with a big bang?  She listens and moves on in the city traffic.  And listens and moves on in the city traffic.  And listens and moves on in the city traffic.  And if you look carefully, you can also see a winged horse. if you look carefully, you can also see a winged horse. if you look carefully, you can also see a winged horse. I am talking about i icer I am talking about i icer I am talking about i icer model 2095 xt.  Along with 11,100 GBW, you get the model 2095 xt.  Along with 11,100 GBW, you get the model 2095 xt.  Along with 11,100 GBW, you get the E474 engine which E474 engine which E474 engine which generates 140 horsepower which gives you an generates 140 horsepower which gives you an generates 140 horsepower which gives you an excellent torque of 400 Nm. excellent torque of 400 Nm. excellent torque of 400 Nm. Amaster technology has been provided which will give Amaster technology has been provided which will give Amaster technology has been provided which will give you excellent mileage in the car. you excellent mileage in the car. you excellent mileage in the car. Apart from that, cruise control is also provided here. Apart from that, cruise control is also provided here. Apart from that, cruise control is also provided here. Fuel coaching system is also provided. Fuel coaching system is also provided. Fuel coaching system is also provided. You get a 12 volt charging You get a 12 volt charging You get a 12 volt charging spot here.  So here you spot here.  So here you spot here.  So here you also get a music system. also get a music system. also get a music system. AC is also provided here.  Comfortable full cabin AC is also provided here.  Comfortable full cabin AC is also provided here.  Comfortable full cabin seat is provided.  To buy such a budget friendly seat is provided.  To buy such a budget friendly seat is provided.  To buy such a budget friendly small size and big car at a profit, small size and big car at a profit, small size and big car at a profit, contact AB Motors. contact AB Motors. contact AB Motors.