Wait, Wait, Wait, I won't tie a rakhi, I won't tie a rakhi, I won't tie a rakhi, I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, isn't this true? If I want this true? If I want this true? If I want to get Priya, I have to escape today somehow to get Priya, I have to escape today somehow to get Priya, I have to escape today somehow .  Ray, I'm not ready yet. It's .  Ray, I'm not ready yet. It's .  Ray, I'm not ready yet. It's time for school. time for school. time for school. Mom, I'm not going to school today. Mom, I'm not going to school today. Mom, I'm not going to school today. I'm not going to go. That's all. I'm not going to go. That's all. I'm not going to go. That's all. Ray, don't play games and go to school. Ray, don't play games and go to school. Ray, don't play games and go to school. How can I tell you, my mother, that's not my problem, is How can I tell you, my mother, that's not my problem, is How can I tell you, my mother, that's not my problem, is n't it? Today is Rakhi festival, n't it? Today is Rakhi festival, n't it? Today is Rakhi festival, girls tie Rakhi at school, so what's wrong with you, my girls tie Rakhi at school, so what's wrong with you, my girls tie Rakhi at school, so what's wrong with you, my brother, going? brother, going? brother, going? You tie Rakhi for 10 rupees and get ₹1 You tie Rakhi for 10 rupees and get ₹1 You tie Rakhi for 10 rupees and get ₹1 .  We have money, but we have .  We have money, but we have .  We have money, but we have feelings. feelings. feelings. Now you're going to school, do you want me to Now you're going to school, do you want me to Now you're going to school, do you want me to tell your father?  Mom, please, Mom, what's wrong? tell your father?  Mom, please, Mom, what's wrong? tell your father?  Mom, please, Mom, what's wrong? He says he's going to school because girls tie rakhis at school. He says he's going to school because girls tie rakhis at school. He says he's going to school because girls tie rakhis at school. Hey, how much pain do you have to go through to tie a rakhi? Hey, how much pain do you have to go through to tie a rakhi? Hey, how much pain do you have to go through to tie a rakhi? You also come to our school and see if You also come to our school and see if You also come to our school and see if our English teacher will tie a rakhi for you. our English teacher will tie a rakhi for you. My father is scared. I am still going. I am going. I am going. My father is scared. I am still going. I am going. I am going.