But I think this is But I think this is But I think this is definitely something to behold.  And then comes definitely something to behold.  And then comes definitely something to behold.  And then comes a heatwave.  That's insane.  I'd a heatwave.  That's insane.  I'd a heatwave.  That's insane.  I'd say put the charcoal on, then the grill grate on top. say put the charcoal on, then the grill grate on top. say put the charcoal on, then the grill grate on top. That shows you how much heat is That shows you how much heat is That shows you how much heat is generated.  It turns blue. generated.  It turns blue. generated.  It turns blue. That's why we'll wait a little longer.  If That's why we'll wait a little longer.  If That's why we'll wait a little longer.  If we were to make campfire bread, it would also be ideal we were to make campfire bread, it would also be ideal we were to make campfire bread, it would also be ideal for children, because with that their eyes burn, but for children, because with that their eyes burn, but for children, because with that their eyes burn, but not with this one.  We have to not with this one.  We have to not with this one.  We have to wait until the temperature drops a little wait until the temperature drops a little wait until the temperature drops a little .  Ideal for steak .  Ideal for steak .  Ideal for steak .  Absolute heat.  Exactly what .  Absolute heat.  Exactly what .  Absolute heat.  Exactly what we need.  But we need.  But we need.  But a bit too much for bratwurst.  But that a bit too much for bratwurst.  But that a bit too much for bratwurst.  But that also means we don't also means we don't also means we don't need nearly as much money as I've need nearly as much money as I've need nearly as much money as I've poured in.  Okay, the sausage can go poured in.  Okay, the sausage can go poured in.  Okay, the sausage can go on right away.  Which is fascinating. on right away.  Which is fascinating. on right away.  Which is fascinating. Look how cleanly it Look how cleanly it Look how cleanly it 's burned.  Nothing is left.  In 's burned.  Nothing is left.  In 's burned.  Nothing is left.  In comparison, with a fire bowl where the comparison, with a fire bowl where the comparison, with a fire bowl where the ash simply lies on the ground, ash simply lies on the ground, ash simply lies on the ground, here it actually lies underneath, here it actually lies underneath, here it actually lies underneath, but surprisingly there is relatively little but surprisingly there is relatively little but surprisingly there is relatively little ash and you have an enormous ash and you have an enormous ash and you have an enormous grilling surface.  This is insane.  What grilling surface.  This is insane.  What grilling surface.  This is insane.  What I would have really liked is I would have really liked is I would have really liked is a small edge so that if you a small edge so that if you a small edge so that if you roll something, it doesn't roll off.  You roll something, it doesn't roll off.  You roll something, it doesn't roll off.  You always have to remain critical, right? always have to remain critical, right? always have to remain critical, right? Because I'm not an influencer, I'm a Because I'm not an influencer, I'm a Because I'm not an influencer, I'm a product tester, but I think this is product tester, but I think this is product tester, but I think this is definitely worth seeing and it's generating a lot of definitely worth seeing and it's generating a lot of definitely worth seeing and it's generating a lot of heat.  That's insane.   That's heat.  That's insane.   That's heat.  That's insane.   That's ten times more than at a campfire. ten times more than at a campfire. ten times more than at a campfire. Ten times more pleasant without smoke.