Hey you guys. So, today I'm doing a Hey you guys. So, today I'm doing a Hey you guys. So, today I'm doing a brief product review on a purchase I brief product review on a purchase I brief product review on a purchase I just made, the Chefman air fryer. It's just made, the Chefman air fryer. It's just made, the Chefman air fryer. It's an 8-quart air fryer. I was looking for an 8-quart air fryer. I was looking for an 8-quart air fryer. I was looking for something that I could cook my meals and something that I could cook my meals and something that I could cook my meals and be done because I was having to cook the be done because I was having to cook the be done because I was having to cook the meal, like if I was doing wings or meal, like if I was doing wings or meal, like if I was doing wings or something, I would have to do half the something, I would have to do half the something, I would have to do half the tray and then do the other half. It was tray and then do the other half. It was tray and then do the other half. It was taking me double the amount of time and taking me double the amount of time and taking me double the amount of time and that was just driving me crazy. So, I that was just driving me crazy. So, I that was just driving me crazy. So, I had to buy something bigger. I wanted had to buy something bigger. I wanted had to buy something bigger. I wanted something nicer, sleeker looking. I something nicer, sleeker looking. I something nicer, sleeker looking. I really was planning on putting it under really was planning on putting it under really was planning on putting it under my counter because I like my counter my counter because I like my counter my counter because I like my counter space, of course, but I also just don't space, of course, but I also just don't space, of course, but I also just don't like the look of most of them, but this like the look of most of them, but this like the look of most of them, but this one was so sleek and so modern that I one was so sleek and so modern that I one was so sleek and so modern that I actually keep it out. And I use it so actually keep it out. And I use it so actually keep it out. And I use it so often now that it makes no sense to just often now that it makes no sense to just often now that it makes no sense to just keep going up and down and back and keep going up and down and back and keep going up and down and back and forth and up and down and back and forth and up and down and back and forth and up and down and back and forth, so I just leave it out all the forth, so I just leave it out all the forth, so I just leave it out all the time. But, it's super easy to clean. Um time. But, it's super easy to clean. Um time. But, it's super easy to clean. Um I've already preheated it for my I've already preheated it for my I've already preheated it for my chicken. You can take the components out chicken. You can take the components out chicken. You can take the components out and clean them this in the dishwasher, and clean them this in the dishwasher, and clean them this in the dishwasher, the tray in the dishwasher. The The tray the tray in the dishwasher. The The tray the tray in the dishwasher. The The tray is inside and it is elevated so that all is inside and it is elevated so that all is inside and it is elevated so that all the grease and the grease and the grease and stuff drains off into the bottom. It has stuff drains off into the bottom. It has stuff drains off into the bottom. It has seven different cooking functions. It seven different cooking functions. It seven different cooking functions. It has the air fryer, the broiler, the has the air fryer, the broiler, the has the air fryer, the broiler, the warmer, the It bakes, it reheats, it warmer, the It bakes, it reheats, it warmer, the It bakes, it reheats, it dehydrates, and it can cook frozen dehydrates, and it can cook frozen dehydrates, and it can cook frozen things. So, things. So, things. So, Okay, so you turn it on, it starts Okay, so you turn it on, it starts Okay, so you turn it on, it starts blinking, and you can set the blinking, and you can set the blinking, and you can set the temperature at wherever you want. I temperature at wherever you want. I temperature at wherever you want. I usually preheat mine before I cook usually preheat mine before I cook usually preheat mine before I cook anything. That's one of the little tips anything. That's one of the little tips anything. That's one of the little tips a lot of times they don't tell you, but a lot of times they don't tell you, but a lot of times they don't tell you, but if you preheat your air fryer before you if you preheat your air fryer before you if you preheat your air fryer before you cook cook cook anything, it makes it better and just is anything, it makes it better and just is anything, it makes it better and just is a better cooking experience. But, I a better cooking experience. But, I a better cooking experience. But, I preheat to 400, press start, it starts preheat to 400, press start, it starts preheat to 400, press start, it starts up. Um you've got all your settings up. Um you've got all your settings up. Um you've got all your settings here. You can switch between them here here. You can switch between them here here. You can switch between them here as it goes through. Then you change the as it goes through. Then you change the as it goes through. Then you change the temperature. temperature. temperature. And then while it's cooking, you can And then while it's cooking, you can And then while it's cooking, you can change the time. So you can set it to change the time. So you can set it to change the time. So you can set it to different times if you decide you want different times if you decide you want different times if you decide you want to change the time, you need 5 more to change the time, you need 5 more to change the time, you need 5 more minutes or what have you, you can switch minutes or what have you, you can switch minutes or what have you, you can switch it there. But I love the fact that it's it there. But I love the fact that it's it there. But I love the fact that it's digital and it has a little knob. It's digital and it has a little knob. It's digital and it has a little knob. It's very cute. I love it. Very nice, very very cute. I love it. Very nice, very very cute. I love it. Very nice, very easy to use. Right out of the box I was easy to use. Right out of the box I was easy to use. Right out of the box I was using it the same day. But anyway, I using it the same day. But anyway, I using it the same day. But anyway, I absolutely love it. Get the Chefman air absolutely love it. Get the Chefman air absolutely love it. Get the Chefman air fryer, you won't regret it.