Hey you guys. So, today I'm doing a
brief product review on a purchase I
just made, the Chefman air fryer. It's
an 8-quart air fryer. I was looking for
something that I could cook my meals and
be done because I was having to cook the
meal, like if I was doing wings or
something, I would have to do half the
tray and then do the other half. It was
taking me double the amount of time and
that was just driving me crazy. So, I
had to buy something bigger. I wanted
something nicer, sleeker looking. I
really was planning on putting it under
my counter because I like my counter
space, of course, but I also just don't
like the look of most of them, but this
one was so sleek and so modern that I
actually keep it out. And I use it so
often now that it makes no sense to just
keep going up and down and back and
forth and up and down and back and
forth, so I just leave it out all the
time. But, it's super easy to clean. Um
I've already preheated it for my
chicken. You can take the components out
and clean them this in the dishwasher,
the tray in the dishwasher. The The tray
is inside and it is elevated so that all
the grease and
stuff drains off into the bottom. It has
seven different cooking functions. It
has the air fryer, the broiler, the
warmer, the It bakes, it reheats, it
dehydrates, and it can cook frozen
things. So,
Okay, so you turn it on, it starts
blinking, and you can set the
temperature at wherever you want. I
usually preheat mine before I cook
anything. That's one of the little tips
a lot of times they don't tell you, but
if you preheat your air fryer before you
cook
anything, it makes it better and just is
a better cooking experience. But, I
preheat to 400, press start, it starts
up. Um you've got all your settings
here. You can switch between them here
as it goes through. Then you change the
temperature.
And then while it's cooking, you can
change the time. So you can set it to
different times if you decide you want
to change the time, you need 5 more
minutes or what have you, you can switch
it there. But I love the fact that it's
digital and it has a little knob. It's
very cute. I love it. Very nice, very
easy to use. Right out of the box I was
using it the same day. But anyway, I
absolutely love it. Get the Chefman air
fryer, you won't regret it.
