We are swinging on the swing Mother-in-law and daughter-in-law are We are swinging on the swing Mother-in-law and daughter-in-law are We are swinging on the swing Mother-in-law and daughter-in-law are bringing me with their eyes closed bringing me with their eyes closed bringing me with their eyes closed Everyone is searching for the daughter-in- Everyone is searching for the daughter-in- law's daughter-in-law Seeing this I remembered Dixit [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Good morning to everyone dear Good morning from Mamu, from Mamu's world Our morning is going on early in the morning Look how my mehendi looks with mehendi All of us have law's daughter-in-law Seeing this I remembered Dixit [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Good morning to everyone dear Good morning from Mamu, from Mamu's world Our morning is going on early in the morning Look how my mehendi looks with mehendi All of us have law's daughter-in-law Seeing this I remembered Dixit [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Good morning to everyone dear Good morning from Mamu, from Mamu's world Our morning is going on early in the morning Look how my mehendi looks with mehendi All of us have mehendi applied mehendi applied mehendi applied and look here, the and look here, the and look here, the preparations for Teej are going on here I am just about to have tea preparations for Teej are going on here I am just about to have tea preparations for Teej are going on here I am just about to have tea Yes, so late the whole night work has been going on here to Yes, so late the whole night work has been going on here to Yes, so late the whole night work has been going on here to set up the tents etc. Oho, one of those set up the tents etc. Oho, one of those set up the tents etc. Oho, one of those shouts brother, here is this, here is just one shouts brother, here is this, here is just one shouts brother, here is this, here is just one thing, take Rupa, hold her and take Rupa for a thing, take Rupa, hold her and take Rupa for a thing, take Rupa, hold her and take Rupa for a walk When you go inside, come on, come on, come on, walk When you go inside, come on, come on, come on, walk When you go inside, come on, come on, come on, we have set up this tent here in such a way we have set up this tent here in such a way we have set up this tent here in such a way that even if it does not rain, that even if it does not rain, that even if it does not rain, it will still be fine Even if it does not rain, it will still be fine Even if it does not rain, it will still be fine Even if it does not rain, everything is the same here Namaste All the everything is the same here Namaste All the everything is the same here Namaste All the preparations are going on [Music] So we have garlanded Ganesh ji and all the So we have garlanded Ganesh ji and all the So we have garlanded Ganesh ji and all the Gods because it is a Teej function Gods because it is a Teej function Gods because it is a Teej function so everything should be done very well  Needed.   The swing has fallen on the branch of the tree Yes, swing has fallen on the branch of the tree Yes, swing has fallen on the branch of the tree Yes, Mummy, this is not the time to sing songs, Mummy, this is not the time to sing songs, Mummy, this is not the time to sing songs, tell me how did you like the swing, tell me the decor is tell me how did you like the swing, tell me the decor is tell me how did you like the swing, tell me the decor is very nice, that is why I sat here, I saw it, I very nice, that is why I sat here, I saw it, I very nice, that is why I sat here, I saw it, I sat down sweating, okay, you will sweat, but the sat down sweating, okay, you will sweat, but the sat down sweating, okay, you will sweat, but the swing should not get up, it is swing should not get up, it is swing should not get up, it is good, isn't it, good, isn't it, good, isn't it, I am so fond of swinging, whenever we go somewhere, I am so fond of swinging, whenever we go somewhere, I am so fond of swinging, whenever we go somewhere, you little ones, we are going somewhere, you little ones, we are going somewhere, you little ones, we are going somewhere, staying at a hotel, after having food, I staying at a hotel, after having food, I staying at a hotel, after having food, I saw the swing, so I ran to the swing first, saw the swing, so I ran to the swing first, saw the swing, so I ran to the swing first, yes, I am yes, I am yes, I am so fond of swinging, even after we are done, so fond of swinging, even after we are done, so fond of swinging, even after we are done, yes, and my yes, and my yes, and my children will live there for the rest of my life, children will live there for the rest of my life, children will live there for the rest of my life, listen, and my brother, please listen, and my brother, please listen, and my brother, please put up a swing for me at least a month in advance, put up a swing for me at least a month in advance, put up a swing for me at least a month in advance, you should have this, I have children, come on, I will you should have this, I have children, come on, I will you should have this, I have children, come on, I will swing them, they will run away themselves, swing them, they will run away themselves, swing them, they will run away themselves, and we keep and we keep and we keep crying, why are you crying, I brought you along too, crying, why are you crying, I brought you along too, crying, why are you crying, I brought you along too, you should put the swing in the food, you are you should put the swing in the food, you are you should put the swing in the food, you are swinging on the swing yourself, have you seen, is this the swinging on the swing yourself, have you seen, is this the swinging on the swing yourself, have you seen, is this the calculation, calculation, calculation, look at the time, one of our ACs has gone bad, I do look at the time, one of our ACs has gone bad, I do look at the time, one of our ACs has gone bad, I do n't know what is happening, it is switching off in 15 minutes, it is switching off in n't know what is happening, it is switching off in 15 minutes, it is switching off in 15 minutes, so I did not set a timer, I do 15 minutes, so I did not set a timer, I do 15 minutes, so I did not set a timer, I do n't know what is happening  He has gone, so n't know what is happening  He has gone, so n't know what is happening  He has gone, so all the preparations are going on there, the AC is open here, all the preparations are going on there, the AC is open here, all the preparations are going on there, the AC is open here, such things happen at such times, it will be done such things happen at such times, it will be done such things happen at such times, it will be done in a few days.  Correct?  And in a few days.  Correct?  And in a few days.  Correct?  And I mean small tasks that still need to be done. I mean small tasks that still need to be done. I mean small tasks that still need to be done. Then I have to be ready.  After getting ready, Then I have to be ready.  After getting ready, Then I have to be ready.  After getting ready, which saree am I going to wear today?  Which colour which saree am I going to wear today?  Which colour which saree am I going to wear today?  Which colour ?  You comment.  Tell me how is the mehndi looking ?  You comment.  Tell me how is the mehndi looking ?  You comment.  Tell me how is the mehndi looking ?  How is the nail paint looking? ?  How is the nail paint looking? ?  How is the nail paint looking? hello. hello. hello. Hello, be happy. Hello, be happy. Hello, be happy. Hello Hello Hello. Hello Hello Hello. Hello Hello Hello. Give this also.  Give it to me anyway.   No no, wait a minute.  Stop. Give this also.  Give it to me anyway.   No no, wait a minute.  Stop. Give this also.  Give it to me anyway.   No no, wait a minute.  Stop. I am I am I am feeling very good.  This is very different.  Come on, by then feeling very good.  This is very different.  Come on, by then feeling very good.  This is very different.  Come on, by then you can start getting ready.  I will be there in you can start getting ready.  I will be there in you can start getting ready.  I will be there in a while.  Let me eat something. a while.  Let me eat something. a while.  Let me eat something. Took the medicine first.  Now first of all I took the swing as soon as I Took the medicine first.  Now first of all I took the swing as soon as I Took the medicine first.  Now first of all I took the swing as soon as I woke up in the morning.  Well, you have slept woke up in the morning.  Well, you have slept woke up in the morning.  Well, you have slept well and your sleep is red.   I don't have well and your sleep is red.   I don't have well and your sleep is red.   I don't have fever fever fever now, have you taken the medicine? now, have you taken the medicine? now, have you taken the medicine? Ok.  I am also ready.  Ok. Ok.  I am also ready.  Ok. Ok.  I am also ready.  Ok. Ok.  Lets do it. Ok.  Lets do it. Ok.  Lets do it. Okay brother, I am getting ready. Okay brother, I am getting ready. Okay brother, I am getting ready. Ok. Ok. Ok. I am taking Batti. I am taking Batti. I am taking Batti. So this system is like that, she will So this system is like that, she will So this system is like that, she will go towards the swing to get her photo taken.  The food is inside. go towards the swing to get her photo taken.  The food is inside. go towards the swing to get her photo taken.  The food is inside. Now you don't worry. Now you don't worry. Now you don't worry. Your food is kept upstairs. Your food is kept upstairs. Your food is kept upstairs. I am going to eat now. I am going to eat now. I am going to eat now. Ok. Ok. Ok. Well, eat and drink something during the month of Sawan.  Take it brother. Well, eat and drink something during the month of Sawan.  Take it brother. Well, eat and drink something during the month of Sawan.  Take it brother. Brother, please Brother, please Brother, please clean this place quickly.  Brother, please pick up all these things and throw them away.  Take. clean this place quickly.  Brother, please pick up all these things and throw them away.  Take. clean this place quickly.  Brother, please pick up all these things and throw them away.  Take. Those people also came and called me, Those people also came and called me, Those people also came and called me, I am leaving, I have ordered this, yes take it brother, yes take it brother, yes take it brother, I will not feed you anything, I have I will not feed you anything, I have I will not feed you anything, I have kept only one green one there kept only one green one there kept only one green one there brother, make it fat, brother, make it fat, brother, make it fat, which office are you going to, which office are you going to, take four or five yellow ones, the plain yellow one, the plain yellow one, take four or five yellow ones, the plain yellow one, the plain yellow one, take four or five yellow ones, the plain yellow one, the plain yellow one, why are you going, should I put you to sleep why are you going, should I put you to sleep why are you going, should I put you to sleep right now So I have just come to get it ready at home.   The So I have just come to get it ready at home.   The So I have just come to get it ready at home.   The roti is getting ready now.  Then it will be Sony. roti is getting ready now.  Then it will be Sony. roti is getting ready now.  Then it will be Sony. I will be the last one.  So I have I will be the last one.  So I have I will be the last one.  So I have some small tasks to do.  So I'm I'm going some small tasks to do.  So I'm I'm going some small tasks to do.  So I'm I'm going Benice right now.  I'll quickly get a couple of things from Benis Benice right now.  I'll quickly get a couple of things from Benis Benice right now.  I'll quickly get a couple of things from Benis and then I'll be and then I'll be and then I'll be ready.  And all the preparations are going on.  It ready.  And all the preparations are going on.  It feels great, very good, with lots of loud noises.  Let it be whatever it is. feels great, very good, with lots of loud noises.  Let it be whatever it is. feels great, very good, with lots of loud noises.  Let it be whatever it is. Everything is turning tricolour.  I just have to Everything is turning tricolour.  I just have to Everything is turning tricolour.  I just have to go till here and there is nothing more to do. go till here and there is nothing more to do. go till here and there is nothing more to do. I have only come this far.  I have come specially to get only I have only come this far.  I have come specially to get only I have only come this far.  I have come specially to get only these things.  I am doing color matching. these things.  I am doing color matching. these things.  I am doing color matching. It will also have blue color.  This too will go away. It will also have blue color.  This too will go away. It will also have blue color.  This too will go away. But whatever little I got, I gave one or But whatever little I got, I gave one or But whatever little I got, I gave one or two.  We will see later.  This is a set of three. two.  We will see later.  This is a set of three. two.  We will see later.  This is a set of three. This also seems fine.  We will fill it and keep it.  I This also seems fine.  We will fill it and keep it.  I This also seems fine.  We will fill it and keep it.  I also need two-three also need two-three also need two-three plants.   Can you plants.   Can you plants.   Can you show it to me once more?  There is show it to me once more?  There is show it to me once more?  There is not much in it, not much in it, not much in it, from where should I stop it, I am from where should I stop it, I am from where should I stop it, I am not able to understand, isn't it, this is fine, I had not able to understand, isn't it, this is fine, I had not able to understand, isn't it, this is fine, I had also given you a spray, yes, okay, I will also given you a spray, yes, okay, I will also given you a spray, yes, okay, I will take this as well, do you want take this as well, do you want take this as well, do you want sacks etc., there is nothing like that, sacks etc., there is nothing like that, sacks etc., there is nothing like that, these are also quite good, these are also quite good, these are also quite good, one is these candles, these are fragrance ones, one is these candles, these are fragrance ones, one is these candles, these are fragrance ones, we are we are we are not, I am checking if anything is left out, not, I am checking if anything is left out, not, I am checking if anything is left out, so today I got it done quickly, at least I have done so today I got it done quickly, at least I have done so today I got it done quickly, at least I have done all the work in just 10 to 15 minutes, all the work in just 10 to 15 minutes, all the work in just 10 to 15 minutes, for which I had come, I am done with it in 10 to 15 for which I had come, I am done with it in 10 to 15 for which I had come, I am done with it in 10 to 15 minutes, done, now we are minutes, done, now we are minutes, done, now we are going home because look, Sadi is getting ready going home because look, Sadi is getting ready going home because look, Sadi is getting ready and I also have to take time and I also have to take time and I also have to take time because the function starts at 3:00 and you because the function starts at 3:00 and you because the function starts at 3:00 and you took me, it is 12:30, took me, it is 12:30, took me, it is 12:30, yes, it is yes, it is yes, it is 12:30, so I also have to get ready 12:30, so I also have to get ready 12:30, so I also have to get ready and it will start at 3:30, come on brother, so many small and it will start at 3:30, come on brother, so many small and it will start at 3:30, come on brother, so many small tasks get done, I am busy, I am busy, I am busy, there are tasks get done, I am busy, I am busy, I am busy, there are tasks get done, I am busy, I am busy, I am busy, there are shoes, shoes, shoes, slippers, leave them like this, move aside slippers, leave them like this, move aside slippers, leave them like this, move aside brother, I have done all the work, today brother, I have done all the work, today brother, I have done all the work, today I have taken full responsibility I have taken full responsibility I have taken full responsibility You are spoiling the work, I see, You are spoiling the work, I see, You are spoiling the work, I see, where is it like this, Mummy, you have put that, yes, it is where is it like this, Mummy, you have put that, yes, it is right, you have put all this, right, you have put all this, right, you have put all this, I have climbed on top of each and every thing, what do I know, I have climbed on top of each and every thing, what do I know, I have climbed on top of each and every thing, what do I know, flowers like this, I have ordered a lot of garlands flowers like this, I have ordered a lot of garlands flowers like this, I have ordered a lot of garlands and filled them like this and filled them like this and filled them like this because it should not get soiled, it looks good, the because it should not get soiled, it looks good, the because it should not get soiled, it looks good, the soil is looking dirty, the big flowers soil is looking dirty, the big flowers soil is looking dirty, the big flowers are looking good, hello guys, how is it looking are looking good, hello guys, how is it looking are looking good, hello guys, how is it looking [music] [music] [music] [music] take out the garland from these and put it like this, out the garland from these and put it like this, out the garland from these and put it like this, give it to me directly, give me the garland, give it to me directly, give me the garland, give it to me directly, give me the garland, yes, give it to me, you are roaming around honouring me, yes, give it to me, you are roaming around honouring me, yes, give it to me, you are roaming around honouring me, Mummy was getting some cartoon Mummy was getting some cartoon Mummy was getting some cartoon sabit, oh brother, take it, sabit, oh brother, take it, sabit, oh brother, take it, Mummy, listen, whatever we will give on Diwali, the Mummy, listen, whatever we will give on Diwali, the Mummy, listen, whatever we will give on Diwali, the white one will look like this for white one will look like this for you, it is ready, you, it is ready, you, it is ready, now this is the now this is the now this is the time, this is going to be my final look today, so this is going to be my final look today, so this is going to be my final look today, so how am I looking, I am wearing a straight pallu saree, I am wearing a straight pallu saree, I am wearing a straight pallu saree, Gujarati green bangles, green nail paint, please Gujarati green bangles, green nail paint, please Gujarati green bangles, green nail paint, please tell me in the comments how it looked.  The reverse tell me in the comments how it looked.  The reverse tell me in the comments how it looked.  The reverse pallu looks good.  We should keep changing this, pallu looks good.  We should keep changing this, pallu looks good.  We should keep changing this, sometimes this, sometimes that, we should keep trying this. sometimes this, sometimes that, we should keep trying this. sometimes this, sometimes that, we should keep trying this. So what will I do, just come So what will I do, just come So what will I do, just come brother, I will get the brother, I will get the brother, I will get the slippers. slippers. Today we need the right time. Today we need the right time. Today we need the right time. Great, great, absolutely great. Great, great, absolutely great. Great, great, absolutely great. How are you? How are you? How are you? very nice.  Yes, they look very lovely to me. lovely to me. lovely to me. You look You look You look very beautiful too. [laughs] what happened? Well, their red is the same, it their red is the same, it their red is the same, it matches perfectly, right? matches perfectly, right? matches perfectly, right? Yes, mine matches the shade. I am Yes, mine matches the shade. I am Yes, mine matches the shade. I am saying blue. I saying blue. I saying blue. I came late. I sang a song. came late. I sang a song. came late. I sang a song. Which dupatta is it for Which dupatta is it for Which dupatta is it for me? Red. me? Red. me? Red. Look, what is Sally doing? All the guests have come, they are Look, what is Sally doing? All the guests have come, they are Look, what is Sally doing? All the guests have come, they are looking for Saini. Who is there? They have brought Saini's looking for Saini. Who is there? They have brought Saini's looking for Saini. Who is there? They have brought Saini's gifts. Get everyone's done right now. The gifts. Get everyone's done right now. The gifts. Get everyone's done right now. The bride is visible. bride is visible. bride is visible. Everyone is looking for someone. The daughter-in-law is Everyone is looking for someone. The daughter-in-law is Everyone is looking for someone. The daughter-in-law is sitting with gifts. sitting with gifts. sitting with gifts. Yes, Yes, Yes, everyone is sitting with gifts. Go away, get one done. everyone is sitting with gifts. Go away, get one done. Just do one that. Next, it is possible that Just do one that. Next, it is possible that Just do one that. Next, it is possible that I should also do this. I should also do this. I should also do this. First, look at this, how nice the decoration is and this is the look at this, how nice the decoration is and this is the look at this, how nice the decoration is and this is the mehndi. The bangles are also kept here. It mehndi. The bangles are also kept here. It mehndi. The bangles are also kept here. It looks very nice. And looks very nice. And looks very nice. And looking at yourself, where is mine? I looking at yourself, where is mine? I told you all that for so long outside. I do told you all that for so long outside. I do n't know how n't know how n't know how it happened. You can just it happened. You can just it happened. You can just look here too. Right now, at look here too. Right now, at look here too. Right now, at home [laughs], home [laughs], tell me, how did you like it? It's all fun. It's tell me, how did you like it? It's all fun. It's tell me, how did you like it? It's all fun. It's very nice. very nice. very nice. This is Neetu's Bhabhi, so Neetu's is coming right now. Only This is Neetu's Bhabhi, so Neetu's is coming right now. Only two or four of us are coming. two or four of us are coming. two or four of us are coming. They have arranged both of them at one place, They have arranged both of them at one place, They have arranged both of them at one place, Aunty, Aunty, Aunty, Aunty, Aunty, Aunty, they did a very good lesson at night, the girl got drunk girl got drunk girl got drunk [laughs] the girl is fine, you are looking very cute, very cute, very cute, thank you Happy Beej Happy Beej Happy Beej to all of you, I came early, but when I saw everyone, I said came early, but when I saw everyone, I said came early, but when I saw everyone, I said yes, I came too early, yes, I came too early, yes, I came too early, oh you paid attention to me, oh you did oh you paid attention to me, oh you did oh you paid attention to me, oh you did not pay attention to this, wow, wow [laughs] not pay attention to this, wow, wow [laughs] not pay attention to this, wow, wow [laughs] brother, you are the most beautiful, hi, be happy, happy, happy, you must be looking very cute too, you must be looking very cute too, you must be looking very cute too, Gopal, say namaste to everyone, you also have Gopu, say Gopal, say namaste to everyone, you also have Gopu, say Gopal, say namaste to everyone, you also have Gopu, say namaste to everyone, but this one is also matching, will go to namaste to everyone, but this one is also matching, will go to namaste to everyone, but this one is also matching, will go to this one, right? ok ok ok come down, I am coming, I am coming, sit me down, thank come down, I am coming, I am coming, sit me down, thank you, thank you, you, thank you, you, thank you, welcome, come, welcome, come, welcome, come, Shivangi has gone to eat, Shivangi has gone to eat, Shivangi has gone to eat, Namaste, Namaste, Namaste, Happy TV, thank you so much, Happy TV, thank you so much, Happy TV, thank you so much, and where is Shivangi and where is Shivangi and where is Shivangi coming, she is coming, coming, she is coming, coming, she is coming, yes, she is saying, you are looking yes, she is saying, you are looking yes, she is saying, you are looking very nice, very nice, very nice, thank you, I feel like this, thank you, I feel like this, thank you, I feel like this, brother, she is always brother, she is always brother, she is always sitting comfortably, Aunty ji, sitting comfortably, Aunty ji, sitting comfortably, Aunty ji, today we have come to such a place, a place for bloggers, today we have come to such a place, a place for bloggers, today we have come to such a place, a place for bloggers, my sister-in-law, this sister-in-law, say namaste to the punch, my sister-in-law, this sister-in-law, say namaste to the punch, my sister-in-law, this sister-in-law, say namaste to the punch, I have met everyone sitting, I have met everyone sitting, I have met everyone sitting, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, friend, the camera will be installed, install the friend, the camera will be installed, install the friend, the camera will be installed, install the camera  [laughs] Look, Erica is at home, camera  [laughs] Look, Erica is at home, camera  [laughs] Look, Erica is at home, twinkling with love like this, do twinkling with love like this, do twinkling with love like this, do n't laugh, show the camera, snap snap, n't laugh, show the camera, snap snap, n't laugh, show the camera, snap snap, your snap is being made, your snap is being made, your snap is being made, look didi, this video is about this video, look didi, this video is about this video, look didi, this video is about this video, I I I saw it, just saw it, just saw it, just sit down for a minute, yes, son, oh, sit down for a minute, yes, son, oh, sit down for a minute, yes, son, oh, Sadi, Mummy, Sadi, Mummy, Sadi, Mummy, son, son, son, Sadi, look, it's fun, thank you, thank you, thank you, Nani is getting Nani is getting Nani is getting happy, everything looks colourful, right, yes, yes, yes, so happy, everything looks colourful, right, yes, yes, yes, so our daughter has come to our daughter has come to our daughter has come to celebrate Teej, it was her sister-in-law's celebrate Teej, it was her sister-in-law's celebrate Teej, it was her sister-in-law's Sadi's first, it was the first, Sadi's first, it was the first, and this was her aunt's first, and this was her aunt's first, and this was her aunt's first, her aunt's first, she celebrated her own Teej her aunt's first, she celebrated her own Teej her aunt's first, she celebrated her own Teej this is our Poonam ji, I this is our Poonam ji, I this is our Poonam ji, I mean, even after growing so big, there is no pride, mean, even after growing so big, there is no pride, mean, even after growing so big, there is no pride, oh, I like you very much, from the beginning oh, I like you very much, from the beginning oh, I like you very much, from the beginning I feel that there is no pride, no, there should not be, it is I feel that there is no pride, no, there should not be, it is connected to the heart, connected to the heart, connected to the heart, I did not even know that you are such a I did not even know that you are such a I did not even know that you are such a big blogger, I later when I came big blogger, I later when I came big blogger, I later when I came here, then she said, do you even know, I said, here, then she said, do you even know, I said, here, then she said, do you even know, I said, why, what [laughs] I came to know why, what [laughs] I came to know why, what [laughs] I came to know what you are asking for, what you are asking for, what you are asking for, I am asking for mehendi, I am asking for mehendi, I am asking for mehendi, everyone remembered me, so just now everyone remembered me, so just now everyone remembered me, so just now I went there  And I I went there  And I I went there  And I reminded you, I reminded you, I reminded you, I told you where is our tablet [laughs] told you where is our tablet [laughs] told you where is our tablet [laughs] how do you know how do you know how do you know this morning we are swinging on the swing because this morning we are swinging on the swing because this morning we are swinging on the swing because today is the day when swings are taken, today swings are taken, today is the day when swings are taken, today swings are taken, right, swings are taken, who is swinging, right, swings are taken, who is swinging, right, swings are taken, who is swinging, mother-in-law and daughter-in-law mother-in-law and daughter-in-law mother-in-law and daughter-in-law songs are also sung, songs are also sung, songs are also sung, where is the village, the swing where is the village, the swing where is the village, the swing fell on the swing, sitting on the swing, the swing fell on the swing, sitting on the swing, the swing fell on the swing, sitting on the swing, the swing fell on the branch of Yamuna, I don't know fell on the branch of Yamuna, I don't know fell on the branch of Yamuna, I don't know what is happening, come Neetu, you are thin, no, no, come Neetu, you are thin, no, no, come Neetu, you are thin, no, no, both of you sit at the back, I am sitting like this, both of you sit at the back, I am sitting like this, both of you sit at the back, I am sitting like this, okay okay okay send it to everyone, send it to everyone, send it to everyone, everyone is fine, everyone is fine, everyone is fine, you are staying at the back, photos are being taken, she is you are staying at the back, photos are being taken, she is you are staying at the back, photos are being taken, she is sweating profusely, I do sweating profusely, I do sweating profusely, I do n't know what, n't know what, n't know what, hey look at this girl, how are you? how are you? No need to thank you. Mom, show me your mehndi. Mom, show me your mehndi. Mom, show me your mehndi. Along with mehndi, there is also green nail paint Along with mehndi, there is also green nail paint Along with mehndi, there is also green nail paint brother mom and green bangles also.   Look, brother mom and green bangles also.   Look, brother mom and green bangles also.   Look, I got it done today only. I got it done today only. I got it done today only. Look at this and tell me how I look. Look at this and tell me how I look. Look at this and tell me how I look. very nice.  Very beautiful, very evergreen. very nice.  Very beautiful, very evergreen. very nice.  Very beautiful, very evergreen. Ever sorry is good.   It Ever sorry is good.   It Ever sorry is good.   It is very good. is very good. is very good. Everyone's food is going to everyone. Everyone's food is going to everyone. Everyone's food is going to everyone. Yes, you can take the starter. Yes, you can take the starter. Yes, you can take the starter. I am taking it anyway.  Ask everyone. I am taking it anyway.  Ask everyone. I am taking it anyway.  Ask everyone. Hello sir. Hello sir. Hello sir. Happy Teeth.   I do Happy Teeth.   I do Happy Teeth.   I do n't feel like it.  To move away.   I do n't feel like it.  To move away.   I do n't feel like it.  To move away.   I do n't feel like moving away.  Take.  [laughter] n't feel like moving away.  Take.  [laughter] n't feel like moving away.  Take.  [laughter] Hello. Hello. Hello. Preeti Preeti Preeti same to you.  The biggest liar, the same to you.  The biggest liar, the same to you.  The biggest liar, the biggest liar in the world. biggest liar in the world. biggest liar in the world. Brother, college is like this in my life.   I have to go to Brother, college is like this in my life.   I have to go to Brother, college is like this in my life.   I have to go to college now.  Now we have to meet.  No, it college now.  Now we have to meet.  No, it college now.  Now we have to meet.  No, it 's okay, no one.  Come on, no one is there now. 's okay, no one.  Come on, no one is there now. 's okay, no one.  Come on, no one is there now. Now it is the turn of mehndi.  There is a lot of Now it is the turn of mehndi.  There is a lot of Now it is the turn of mehndi.  There is a lot of busyness going on everywhere.  I said I will sit here and wait and busyness going on everywhere.  I said I will sit here and wait and busyness going on everywhere.  I said I will sit here and wait and also take a rickshaw.  I am going to also take a rickshaw.  I am going to also take a rickshaw.  I am going to meet everyone right now. meet everyone right now. meet everyone right now. Hello now.   You have come. Hey, how are you from the office Hey, how are you from the office Hey, how are you from the office ?  Have you come from office?  Look, she came straight away.  It wo ?  Have you come from office?  Look, she came straight away.  It wo ?  Have you come from office?  Look, she came straight away.  It wo n't work straight.   It wo n't work straight.   It wo n't work straight.   It wo n't work straight.   I have arrived. n't work straight.   I have arrived. How are you?   That's How are you?   That's How are you?   That's great.  That's great. great.  That's great. great.  That's great. Hey hello sir.   You all look very cute. all look very cute. all look very cute. You look pretty too [laughs]. Thank you D.  Come on brother. Thank you D.  Come on brother. Thank you D.  Come on brother. hello.  hello.  hello. hello.  hello.  hello. hello.  hello.  hello. Hello sister-in-law.  hello. Hello sister-in-law.  hello. Hello sister-in-law.  hello. hello.  How are you? hello.  How are you? hello.  How are you? very nice.  You tell.   Come on. very nice.  You tell.   Come on. Congratulations. Congratulations. Congratulations. Bhabhi ji this dupatta [laughs] is different it is matching exactly the same this dupatta [laughs] is different it is matching exactly the same thank you thank thank you thank thank you thank you [laughs] you [laughs] you [laughs] hey be happy son just be hey be happy son just be hey be happy son just be happy son happy son happy son where has Saddi Saddi gone where has Saddi Saddi gone where has Saddi Saddi gone and what else and what else and what else we are all sitting here waiting for the we are all sitting here waiting for the we are all sitting here waiting for the sun to subside a bit so that the DJ can play then we can dance once and swing wala sun to subside a bit so that the DJ can play then we can dance once and swing wala [laughs] yes [laughs] yes [laughs] yes yes the mehendi is applying, feed it to him I yes the mehendi is applying, feed it to him I yes the mehendi is applying, feed it to him I know know know I will put it in his mouth I will put it in his mouth I will put it in his mouth feed it with your hands like this in one go hey do it in one go in in one go hey do it in one go in in one go hey do it in one go in one go one go one go I know him more than you [laughs] some special person has come to meet me.   I am some special person has come to meet me.   I am some special person has come to meet me.   I am bringing it with my eyes closed. bringing it with my eyes closed. bringing it with my eyes closed. Yes, say hello aunty.  [laughter] Yes, say hello aunty.  [laughter] Yes, say hello aunty.  [laughter] Oh wow, how are you?   That's Oh wow, how are you?   That's Oh wow, how are you?   That's great.   Even great.   Even great.   Even better to see my daughter.  That's why I brought this better to see my daughter.  That's why I brought this better to see my daughter.  That's why I brought this [laughs] with my [laughs] with my [laughs] with my eyes closed. eyes closed. eyes closed. Oh wow son, it looks so good. Oh wow son, it looks so good. Oh wow son, it looks so good. This is nothing. This is nothing. This is nothing. that is a lot.   It is that is a lot.   It is that is a lot.   It is sweet after all.  How are you?   That's sweet after all.  How are you?   That's sweet after all.  How are you?   That's great.   You are great.   You are great.   You are looking beautiful, you are very beautiful.   I am looking beautiful, you are very beautiful.   I am looking beautiful, you are very beautiful.   I am choosing the color for our daughter. choosing the color for our daughter. choosing the color for our daughter. Any color that you feel.  Put whatever you like [laughs] on me. Any color that you feel.  Put whatever you like [laughs] on me. No, you do it as per your choice. No, you do it as per your choice. No, you do it as per your choice. hello. hello. hello. Looking so pretty. Looking so pretty. Looking so pretty. Like always. Got it.  Yes yes, I Got it.  Yes yes, I Got it.  Yes yes, I was just following was just following was just following Kirti, look how late she has come. Kirti, look how late she has come. Kirti, look how late she has come. Wow, very good, very good, I [laughs] and tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, and see one more thing, right from the neighbourhood, right from the see one more thing, right from the neighbourhood, right from the see one more thing, right from the neighbourhood, right from the neighbourhood, neighbourhood, neighbourhood, really good, really good, really good, really really really [laughs] there will be a [laughs] there will be a [laughs] there will be a penalty, they will dance more, they will penalty, they will dance more, they will dance extra on star songs, listen [laughs] now this is the penalty for Kirti that at least now this is the penalty for Kirti that at least now this is the penalty for Kirti that at least two or four extra dances on Bada Sundar, two or four extra dances on Bada Sundar, two or four extra dances on Bada Sundar, yes, that is absolutely right, all the yes, that is absolutely right, all the yes, that is absolutely right, all the brothers had come to meet her a lot, so brothers had come to meet her a lot, so brothers had come to meet her a lot, so in happiness they will eat more, in happiness they will eat more, in happiness they will eat more, that means they will eat more sweets [laughs] that means they will eat more sweets [laughs] that means they will eat more sweets [laughs] yes, very good, then when we were bringing her in the car, I saw her then when we were bringing her in the car, I saw her in the car, in the car, in the car, when did you see her, how come she has come, sir, she has come, I did when did you see her, how come she has come, sir, she has come, I did not see her, but it is okay, not see her, but it is okay, not see her, but it is okay, where is her favorite, that Basu, where is her favorite, that Basu, where is her favorite, that Basu, oh, he has locked it upstairs, I had gone, oh, he has locked it upstairs, I had gone, why not, why not, it is Teej or what why not, why not, it is Teej or what why not, why not, it is Teej or what not [laughs] not [laughs] not [laughs] this is Neetu's, this is Neetu's, this is Neetu's, Neetu is also roaming around, I don't know what she might be, there is a Neetu is also roaming around, I don't know what she might be, there is a Neetu is also roaming around, I don't know what she might be, there is a silver coin and the rest silver coin and the rest silver coin and the rest and ma'am, if you participate in this contest, and ma'am, if you participate in this contest, and ma'am, if you participate in this contest, you will also get a chance to win points. you will also get a chance to win points. I took it. I took it. I took it. Due to rain, I had Due to rain, I had Due to rain, I had installed something on top so that rain does not come.   Okay okay, yes yes, I got it installed something on top so that rain does not come.   Okay okay, yes yes, I got it installed something on top so that rain does not come.   Okay okay, yes yes, I got it removed again.  Had it removed again.  Had it removed again.  Had it waterproofed.  Then got it removed.  I waterproofed.  Then got it removed.  I waterproofed.  Then got it removed.  I said this will feel a little better.  Didn't even get sunburnt.   Did said this will feel a little better.  Didn't even get sunburnt.   Did said this will feel a little better.  Didn't even get sunburnt.   Did you swing yourself? you swing yourself? you swing yourself? No, it hasn't hit me yet. No, it hasn't hit me yet. No, it hasn't hit me yet. Is good.   Is Is good.   Is Is good.   Is n't it sunny? n't it sunny? n't it sunny? The sun is not going away.  We're waiting for The sun is not going away.  We're waiting for The sun is not going away.  We're waiting for everyone to swing and have a little dance. everyone to swing and have a little dance. Someone please do it.  To some grandmother Someone please do it.  To some grandmother Someone please do it.  To some grandmother Grandma, do it to me, do it to me, seeing it I remember Madhavi Dixit, okay seeing it I remember Madhavi Dixit, okay seeing it I remember Madhavi Dixit, okay what are you doing? Oh wow, Oh wow, Oh wow, okay, let's take okay, let's take okay, let's take you and dance to this song