What happened? What happened? What happened? Now I don't know why it suddenly stopped. Now I don't know why it suddenly stopped. Now I don't know why it suddenly stopped. I knew this dagger of yours would definitely betray me.   I had I knew this dagger of yours would definitely betray me.   I had I knew this dagger of yours would definitely betray me.   I had told you not to bring this car but who told you not to bring this car but who told you not to bring this car but who listens to me?  Look, I am stuck in the middle of the forest.  There listens to me?  Look, I am stuck in the middle of the forest.  There listens to me?  Look, I am stuck in the middle of the forest.  There is no network either.  Wow, is no network either.  Wow, is no network either.  Wow, everything is fine here, friend. everything is fine here, friend. everything is fine here, friend. If you say that the petrol is over, I will If you say that the petrol is over, I will If you say that the petrol is over, I will beat you badly.  I told you to get it beat you badly.  I told you to get it beat you badly.  I told you to get it filled, get it filled. filled, get it filled. filled, get it filled. Hey brother, there was petrol, you miser, Hey brother, there was petrol, you miser, Hey brother, there was petrol, you miser, you live on installments. you live on installments. you live on installments. Keep driving the car by filling petrol in small quantities. Keep driving the car by filling petrol in small quantities. Keep driving the car by filling petrol in small quantities. Hey friend, I will have to stop someone and ask for petrol. Hey friend, I will have to stop someone and ask for petrol. Hey friend, I will have to stop someone and ask for petrol. You are the only one who demands You are the only one who demands You are the only one who demands this, Panna Lal, the heir of the theft. this, Panna Lal, the heir of the theft. this, Panna Lal, the heir of the theft. Spread spread spread. Spread spread spread. Spread spread spread. Hey, that scooter driver will give you how much petrol.   Are Hey, that scooter driver will give you how much petrol.   Are Hey, that scooter driver will give you how much petrol.   Are you a clown and ask for your body? you a clown and ask for your body? you a clown and ask for your body? You only ask for petrol.  I took a lift You only ask for petrol.  I took a lift You only ask for petrol.  I took a lift home.  Come on brother. home.  Come on brother. home.  Come on brother. Hey brother, we won't search much.  Hey Hey brother, we won't search much.  Hey Hey brother, we won't search much.  Hey brother, take me wherever you want to go.   Will go brother, take me wherever you want to go.   Will go brother, take me wherever you want to go.   Will go there.  That Ram Raghav. there.  That Ram Raghav. there.  That Ram Raghav. I am hey brother. Hey, come and sit in the car.  I am Hey, come and sit in the car.  I am Hey, come and sit in the car.  I am on your junk.  You stay here.  I am taking the leaf. on your junk.  You stay here.  I am taking the leaf. on your junk.  You stay here.  I am taking the leaf. Take it, son. Take it, son. Take it, son. Hey [music] It'll be fun, right? Mandaram Mandaram Mandaram Mandaramandam