Today a food poisoning took me straight to God. Today a food poisoning took me straight to God. Today a food poisoning took me straight to God. Oh, I mean, Oh, I mean, Oh, I mean, after visiting Prem Mandir last night, we got a little too after visiting Prem Mandir last night, we got a little too after visiting Prem Mandir last night, we got a little too wrapped up in anticipation. wrapped up in anticipation. wrapped up in anticipation. Due to which I got food poisoning in my intestines by Due to which I got food poisoning in my intestines by Due to which I got food poisoning in my intestines by morning.  It seemed that morning.  It seemed that morning.  It seemed that Chitragupta ji might ask for my face verification now. Chitragupta ji might ask for my face verification now. Chitragupta ji might ask for my face verification now. But today we had to But today we had to But today we had to leave for Rajasthan somehow.  So I leave for Rajasthan somehow.  So I leave for Rajasthan somehow.  So I managed with mint etc.  As we kept moving forward, managed with mint etc.  As we kept moving forward, managed with mint etc.  As we kept moving forward, my health kept getting better my health kept getting better my health kept getting better because I was very excited to go to because I was very excited to go to because I was very excited to go to Barsana and people say that out of all the people who Barsana and people say that out of all the people who Barsana and people say that out of all the people who come to Vrindavan, only a come to Vrindavan, only a come to Vrindavan, only a few are able to go to Barsana. I too am few are able to go to Barsana. I too am few are able to go to Barsana. I too am coming to Vrindavan for the third time and going to Barsana for the first time, coming to Vrindavan for the third time and going to Barsana for the first time, coming to Vrindavan for the third time and going to Barsana for the first time, but I had no idea that Ladli ji's but I had no idea that Ladli ji's but I had no idea that Ladli ji's temple would be at such a height. Firstly, I was temple would be at such a height. Firstly, I was temple would be at such a height. Firstly, I was unwell and I was not sure whether I would be able to climb so many stairs. With unwell and I was not sure whether I would be able to climb so many stairs. With unwell and I was not sure whether I would be able to climb so many stairs. With this fear, I kept moving forward, this fear, I kept moving forward, this fear, I kept moving forward, but it is said that devotion has a lot of power. but it is said that devotion has a lot of power. but it is said that devotion has a lot of power. I reached the temple premises, I reached the temple premises, I reached the temple premises, I applied tilak etc. and I applied tilak etc. and I applied tilak etc. and met you all too. Then my friend Varsha, Buddha Dev met you all too. Then my friend Varsha, Buddha Dev met you all too. Then my friend Varsha, Buddha Dev ji and Mota Bhai had also applied tilak. So ji and Mota Bhai had also applied tilak. So ji and Mota Bhai had also applied tilak. So we moved towards the temple and there was so much crowd here we moved towards the temple and there was so much crowd here we moved towards the temple and there was so much crowd here that after having darshan, we started looking at the view outside that after having darshan, we started looking at the view outside that after having darshan, we started looking at the view outside and while coming back, such a and while coming back, such a and while coming back, such a monkey's spirit came inside me that by jumping I monkey's spirit came inside me that by jumping I monkey's spirit came inside me that by jumping I reached straight to the earth.  So now reached straight to the earth.  So now reached straight to the earth.  So now people of Rajasthan, control your hearts.  We are coming people of Rajasthan, control your hearts.  We are coming people of Rajasthan, control your hearts.  We are coming Radhe-Radhe.