learn how to style your hair in a cool way for Onam?  So, learn how to style your hair in a cool way for Onam?  So, this hairstyle is for those who want a side-parted hairstyle this Onam this hairstyle is for those who want a side-parted hairstyle this Onam this hairstyle is for those who want a side-parted hairstyle this Onam .  Take the same calculation for the side .  Take the same calculation for the side .  Take the same calculation for the side partition.  Let's take a small section of hair, pull it partition.  Let's take a small section of hair, pull it back a little, and then add some hair from the front to it, one by one, into back a little, and then add some hair from the front to it, one by one, into back a little, and then add some hair from the front to it, one by one, into each each each braid braid braid .  A small braid is made, .  A small braid is made, .  A small braid is made, then some hair from the front is then some hair from the front is then some hair from the front is taken and sectioned off.  So taken and sectioned off.  So taken and sectioned off.  So we can tie it off with one side complete we can tie it off with one side complete we can tie it off with one side complete . . Let's try this hairstyle not only on the side but also with a center partition Let's try this hairstyle not only on the side but also with a center partition Let's try this hairstyle not only on the side but also with a center partition .  Let's tie one side and .  Let's tie one side and .  Let's tie one side and try the upper side in the same way try the upper side in the same way try the upper side in the same way .  Then you can try an open hairstyle with this .  Then you can try an open hairstyle with this or a bun hairstyle or or a bun hairstyle or or a bun hairstyle or two days ago we two days ago we two days ago we posted a video of Aayur Minjal.  So posted a video of Aayur Minjal.  So posted a video of Aayur Minjal.  So you can try.  So you can try.  So you can try.  So anyway, try it this Onam anyway, try it this Onam anyway, try it this Onam .  So after two days .  So after two days .  So after two days together, it's a lion.  Bye.