So today guys, we are going to try to
find out what is going on in our neighboring country Pakistan.
Some of their famous
products. I know guys, you must be wondering
how we brought these Pakistani products to India because there is
no direct delivery from Pakistan to India. So,
as you guys know,
we were in Dubai earlier and there is a
lot of tourism in Dubai, so there are
grocery stores of different countries there. The
entire grocery store of India is separate
and similarly there was a
grocery store of Pakistan as well, there were authentic
products from Pakistan, so we have
picked each and every thing from there. So come let's
see what is going on in the neighboring country.
Okay, so guys, in our house, just
like in India, Dettol, Cinthol, Life Boy are popular,
similarly in Pakistan, guys,
this brand is mostly popular, Golden Pearl.
And as far as they make all the skin care
products, as you guys will see,
here I have their perfume soap and
this face wash and brother, if you look behind,
here in everything All of them here
are manufactured in Lahore, Pakistan. Made in
Pakistan. Oh brother, is this Kangana Ranaut? No, no, it's something
else. Guys, let's try it.
This is not for girls. It must be
unisex. Guys, the
fragrance looks nice, brother,
but this perfume is for girls only. Yes, I have got the
wrong product. Guys, let's take out this soap also. So,
come directly inside. Brother, look, the
finishing is so special. No, I
could have made it better. It is not breaking,
friend. Why break it? What else should I do? Then
sit down to take a bath. It is made brother with P.
Exclamatory
Brother, my eyes are burning
[music] Is it
shiny? It shines a bit too much.
Yes, by the way, I did not enjoy it that much. Guys, it is
better to wear it and wear it. I did
not spin it, so I will not tell you further. So, guys,
when we were in Dubai,
inside that Pakistani store, we
also saw some different types of cricket bats there.
These Pakistani bats, guys,
looked a bit like a Mongoose bat, in which the handle is long and the
butt blade is short.
Notice something, the bats being made in Pakistan have
very big handles, look,
such long handles are
not easily available for bats, the handle of the bats made in India is not
that long,
this is too much for holding grip and this
bat with holes on the side, I am seeing it for the first time, they are
different bats, guys, like in India,
Lays, Balaji, Haldiram is used and
what is used in Pakistan, wow wow, Taj, no,
India has Taj and we have bought both the
best sellers, so here I have guys
garlic mayo and here we
have Karachi mix, what a mix from Karachi,
come on, oh what is this, oh
brother, this looks something different, let's
try it, bring it, let me
taste it too, then the
food should not
come to mind, brother, look, I have put every type of thing,
peanuts, green gram, red gram, nice, okay,
I am very excited for this, oh so brother,
look, it looks like this, I have made the French fries very small and
put them, very small French fries,
try it Let's do it brother I enjoyed it, give
this one too, it tastes
different I am not able to understand, you will understand after
eating two or four, hey, I want to eat two or four,
take four and guys both these things are
made in Karachi and guys while the food is going on let's
talk about drinks too so guys
we got two drinks and one is
called guys pakla and the other is called
apple cider not apple sidr okay let's see
brother this is completely green green do they
make everything green in Pakistan oh this
turned out to be like fish it was
splashing too much come on
brother let's try it in the name of god
this is like sherbet there is poppy seed sherbet
brother friend our appy
fish is much better than this I did not enjoy these
how is the drink it does not taste sweet at all appy tastes premium this one tastes a
little bit nothing
what is this halka
drink halka yes I have tried it light light
make it ice cream soda oh ho ho ho the taste of morning tea is different it is
like water but tea So today we will definitely drink it, so
we have
two teas from Pakistan, first is Cardi Mum i.e.
cardamom tea and second is Kashmiri tea,
Kashmiri tea is completely pink in color and it is not from
Nestle, if you see here, there is
Nestle branding on both of them and
if we see on the back side, the
company written here is Nestle Pakistan
Limited, it costs 50 in Pakistani rupees, let's
add water and our tea will be
ready, hey what is this, so the completely pink
pink tea is ready brother, pink eyes,
first of all brother, I will drink normal cardamom tea, brother, it is
good, brother, the taste is good brother, the tea
guys is very good, now brother, I did
not enjoy this much, Movement of Truth pink tea, it is a little different
type, but it does not have too
much fragrance and guys, it is very less sweet, it does not have a
very strong flavor of rose cinnamon,
but brother, I enjoyed this only, by the
way, Nestle is neither from India nor
from Pakistan, it is a Swiss based company,
so every According to them, they have probably
launched different flavours, okay here guys, have some
tea, are you bringing this rabji, brother, it's
fasting, he won't get it, brother, oh brother, no, no,
give it, oh taste by taste, guys,
in India, we all have a favorite thing, which
we eat even at 3:00 in the night, if it gets
cold in the mountains, we definitely eat it,
and the people in hostels are also surviving on this,
which is called guys, Maggi, now
look, there is no Maggi in Pakistan, but there are
other things there too, so there, guys,
actually we saw that the trend is going on,
in our India, probably only one thing became
famous, that soup was noodles, after this, I don't think,
apart from soup, we have
eaten so many noodles etc. guys, out of all these,
spicy tikka looks good, let's
make it, so come let's make it, try it for the first
time, oh no, I have done it a long time ago too, the
masala is looking very strong, friend, let's see,
what happens, should I wait for the water to boil,
oh no, a little bit is done, the rest It will do, look at
that, doesn't it seem so, oh, right now it's just like
noodles, it's just like Maggi,
brother, and guys, look, all these things are
made in Karachi, manufactured by
Universe Pakistan, the factory of Karachi is also
in Karachi, by the way, what do you think,
guys, where are the maximum number of factories in India,
please tell me in the comments, it seems there is too much
water, I have made only one, I have
added water from three, let's try it
[music], I did
n't enjoy it much, friend,
say anything, brother, long live your Maggi,
if anyone is watching the video from Pakistan, then
I would like to tell them, friend, try our Maggi
once, you will like it very much, okay, the
next thing we have is incense
sticks, which are Karachi made, so look, guys, it
looks something like this, let's open it in
three in one, what can be three in one in incense sticks, right now
why are there three in one sticks, different
flavors, I mean, different colors, I mean, different
fragrances, hey, what do you want to say, look,
you guys get all three sticks, the fragrance is
good So guys let's
light all three orange, pink and green together
and see what kind of fragrance it gives.
Move away brother, the camera will work. You see, it is
powerful. Your lighter is
over. Guys, the fragrance is too much, but it is
good. Let's move on to the next step. Guys, let's see what all is there
for children in our neighboring country. Look, this is
a biscuit brother. Look, this is super. Here
you people are getting it for 20 Pakistani rupees
and you get an extra one for
Pakistani rupees, that means brother, Indian rupees. Come,
look, I have mixed Don Sick and Parleji together
brother. It looks good. It tastes the same.
Hi Don Sick,
suddenly Parleji comes in the middle of it. Guys,
like center fresh in India. It's
fresh in Pakistan. This is Changam from there brother.
Look, it looks absolutely center fresh.
How will it taste? It is
center fresh in taste too.
Hey, what is this, it's the name of a toffee. I
could have paid a little attention to the name Churan Chutney. Guys,
what will we try ourselves now?
Let's ask the children. So here are
some chocolates for you guys, please taste it and
tell me how it tastes, will you
eat this toffee first or the churan chutney, do you know
where the toffee came from, from Pakistan,
come and taste this toffee, who will eat this oh brother, it
looks fine, it is like raw mango butt, it is
like raw mango butt, have you not copied it,
guys, this is a lollipop available in Pakistan,
Choco Pop, how does it taste, it is good, you
can say bad things too, you are really
liking it, yes, okay, if I ask more,
people will say it is forced, brother, try this biscuit and
tell me, it is famous in Pakistan,
try this biscuit and tell me, friend, how is this churan chutney, let
me also try it once,
grandma, it looks better than this, the shape is completely messed up,
brother, look how it is coming out, leave it,
brother, what is this, brother,
how did you eat it, one is getting
stuck, brother, children, eat pulse, it is
better than this, pulse, it is very good,
tell me how is this Changam, so this is the one to eat
after eating guys Cheese paan paan
bo, it is clean, it
eats only pak, he is eating both the things, he is eating lollipop as
well, here
how did you like it brother, I have tasted it,
oh my god, he is opening his dhoti, here taste it,
Indian chocolate is better than this, so brother,
what the children say is true, actually I think
we have a lot of variety and the
quality is also better,
tell me how is it feeling after eating the biscuits, it is good, he is
liking everything, there is
no Indian chocolate here, Indian chocolate, do you
want Indian chocolate, yes
in India, in the studio he is asking Indian
chocolate, you are very clever bro, so guys it seems the
children got fed up with Pakistani
products, after eating this chocolate, tell me,
this is the chocolate from Switzerland, tell me
how is it, hey wait brother, has he become Bahubali, what happened, is it
not breaking right now, hey, the
chocolate is not breaking at all, okay, this is
fine, the Swiss one tasted fine, it is good, alright guy,
this was today's video, you can show us
Please tell me in the comments which country
's products you want to see next, I am
guessing Japan and if you
like such videos then please subscribe and
if this video gets
50000 likes then we will
bring Japanese products for you, let's
meet in the next video, till then
bye
