Hey, what's going on there YouTube?
Today we're going to be doing uh some
deco propane torch product review. So, I
picked up this propane torch wanting to
burn weeds in my zerocape in my rocks.
So, I've picked this up off Amazon for
about 40 bucks. And obviously, if you've
ordered anything off of Amazon,
sometimes the product does not match the
thing that comes into your mailbox. So,
I picked this up. It was only 40 bucks.
I just went ahead, took a chance on it.
This is the unboxing. This is what it
looks like if you're going to order
this. And it's, you know, it's a small
little propane torch. That's exactly
what it looks like. Uh, it comes in two
pieces, obviously. You have the uh
trigger assembly here. Uh, and it comes
in this weird I don't even know, like
musket ball type of pistol handle. And
then you just screw the two pieces on
and then you're ready to rock and roll.
So, pretty easy setup right out of the
box. Not a whole lot to it. So, this
screws in obviously pretty easy and
you're ready to go. Obviously, right
there in the middle of of the gun is the
actual igniter. But this is what it is.
It's about 30 in in length. So, I'm
about 6'2. So you can definitely use
this and not have to bend over, which is
the big part of why I want to burn my
weeds instead of picking them up. So
that's the igniting switch. That's where
the propane tank will obviously go. It
just matches any kind of smaller propane
tank that you might have available. And
then there by my thumb is the dial to
actually uh start the gas flow. So these
little Coleman propane tanks, obviously
I have these laying around the house,
just screw in. pretty easy.
The setup is, you know, right out the
box, you're ready to go. So, this goes
in really simple. Nothing to it
whatsoever. If you've had any other
propane uh products, this is essentially
just a shoot and go kind of situation.
So, opening up the gas here, obviously,
and then we're just going to hit it with
the igniter, and then boom. Pretty good
flame coming out of it. However, I will
say uh I'll talk about it here in just a
little bit, but flame looks pretty good.
Pretty impressive. You can keep up a lot
of stuff with this. And uh overall, when
I first turn this thing on, I'm like,
"Okay, this will probably work for what
I want it to do." So, once you got it
out to the actual This is set up, uh the
wind is your biggest obstacle. So, I
live in West Texas. I'm just trying to
kill these weeds in my zero skate. If
you hover around these weeds long
enough, it will kill them. Uh, but if
the wind is picked up, it's not going to
work exactly the way that you want to
and it might take a little bit longer.
But for smaller propane for that only
cost 40 bucks, um, it'll work kind of
sort of, but it's not nearly getting
that penetration into these leads that I
wanted. And after a while, the actual
igniter kind of went out a little bit. I
don't know if the flint just tore off of
it, but I was having to use my other
propane torch just to ignite it. So, if
you get this, the igniter might go off.
That's what I was having to do later on
in the video was have another source to
kind of just get the gas flowing. But
this is what it looks like in real time.
Uh, not sped up if you want to kill
weeds. Again, how to use my igniter just
to get things started. But if you're
interested in this product, this is what
it's going to look like out of the box.
This is realistically type of flame that
you're going to get out of it. So, if
you're interested in this product, I
don't have a link in the description.
Again, I'm not being sponsored. Just
wanted to do a quick video on this just
in case anybody out there was
interested. But this is what you get for
40 bucks. So, uh, take it or leave it.
I'll see you guys in the next video.
Peace.
