Hey, what's going on there YouTube? Hey, what's going on there YouTube? Hey, what's going on there YouTube? Today we're going to be doing uh some Today we're going to be doing uh some Today we're going to be doing uh some deco propane torch product review. So, I deco propane torch product review. So, I deco propane torch product review. So, I picked up this propane torch wanting to picked up this propane torch wanting to picked up this propane torch wanting to burn weeds in my zerocape in my rocks. burn weeds in my zerocape in my rocks. burn weeds in my zerocape in my rocks. So, I've picked this up off Amazon for So, I've picked this up off Amazon for So, I've picked this up off Amazon for about 40 bucks. And obviously, if you've about 40 bucks. And obviously, if you've about 40 bucks. And obviously, if you've ordered anything off of Amazon, ordered anything off of Amazon, ordered anything off of Amazon, sometimes the product does not match the sometimes the product does not match the sometimes the product does not match the thing that comes into your mailbox. So, thing that comes into your mailbox. So, thing that comes into your mailbox. So, I picked this up. It was only 40 bucks. I picked this up. It was only 40 bucks. I picked this up. It was only 40 bucks. I just went ahead, took a chance on it. I just went ahead, took a chance on it. I just went ahead, took a chance on it. This is the unboxing. This is what it This is the unboxing. This is what it This is the unboxing. This is what it looks like if you're going to order looks like if you're going to order looks like if you're going to order this. And it's, you know, it's a small this. And it's, you know, it's a small this. And it's, you know, it's a small little propane torch. That's exactly little propane torch. That's exactly little propane torch. That's exactly what it looks like. Uh, it comes in two what it looks like. Uh, it comes in two what it looks like. Uh, it comes in two pieces, obviously. You have the uh pieces, obviously. You have the uh pieces, obviously. You have the uh trigger assembly here. Uh, and it comes trigger assembly here. Uh, and it comes trigger assembly here. Uh, and it comes in this weird I don't even know, like in this weird I don't even know, like in this weird I don't even know, like musket ball type of pistol handle. And musket ball type of pistol handle. And musket ball type of pistol handle. And then you just screw the two pieces on then you just screw the two pieces on then you just screw the two pieces on and then you're ready to rock and roll. and then you're ready to rock and roll. and then you're ready to rock and roll. So, pretty easy setup right out of the So, pretty easy setup right out of the So, pretty easy setup right out of the box. Not a whole lot to it. So, this box. Not a whole lot to it. So, this box. Not a whole lot to it. So, this screws in obviously pretty easy and screws in obviously pretty easy and screws in obviously pretty easy and you're ready to go. Obviously, right you're ready to go. Obviously, right you're ready to go. Obviously, right there in the middle of of the gun is the there in the middle of of the gun is the there in the middle of of the gun is the actual igniter. But this is what it is. actual igniter. But this is what it is. actual igniter. But this is what it is. It's about 30 in in length. So, I'm It's about 30 in in length. So, I'm It's about 30 in in length. So, I'm about 6'2. So you can definitely use about 6'2. So you can definitely use about 6'2. So you can definitely use this and not have to bend over, which is this and not have to bend over, which is this and not have to bend over, which is the big part of why I want to burn my the big part of why I want to burn my the big part of why I want to burn my weeds instead of picking them up. So weeds instead of picking them up. So weeds instead of picking them up. So that's the igniting switch. That's where that's the igniting switch. That's where that's the igniting switch. That's where the propane tank will obviously go. It the propane tank will obviously go. It the propane tank will obviously go. It just matches any kind of smaller propane just matches any kind of smaller propane just matches any kind of smaller propane tank that you might have available. And tank that you might have available. And tank that you might have available. And then there by my thumb is the dial to then there by my thumb is the dial to then there by my thumb is the dial to actually uh start the gas flow. So these actually uh start the gas flow. So these actually uh start the gas flow. So these little Coleman propane tanks, obviously little Coleman propane tanks, obviously little Coleman propane tanks, obviously I have these laying around the house, I have these laying around the house, I have these laying around the house, just screw in. pretty easy. just screw in. pretty easy. just screw in. pretty easy. The setup is, you know, right out the The setup is, you know, right out the The setup is, you know, right out the box, you're ready to go. So, this goes box, you're ready to go. So, this goes box, you're ready to go. So, this goes in really simple. Nothing to it in really simple. Nothing to it in really simple. Nothing to it whatsoever. If you've had any other whatsoever. If you've had any other whatsoever. If you've had any other propane uh products, this is essentially propane uh products, this is essentially propane uh products, this is essentially just a shoot and go kind of situation. just a shoot and go kind of situation. just a shoot and go kind of situation. So, opening up the gas here, obviously, So, opening up the gas here, obviously, So, opening up the gas here, obviously, and then we're just going to hit it with and then we're just going to hit it with and then we're just going to hit it with the igniter, and then boom. Pretty good the igniter, and then boom. Pretty good the igniter, and then boom. Pretty good flame coming out of it. However, I will flame coming out of it. However, I will flame coming out of it. However, I will say uh I'll talk about it here in just a say uh I'll talk about it here in just a say uh I'll talk about it here in just a little bit, but flame looks pretty good. little bit, but flame looks pretty good. little bit, but flame looks pretty good. Pretty impressive. You can keep up a lot Pretty impressive. You can keep up a lot Pretty impressive. You can keep up a lot of stuff with this. And uh overall, when of stuff with this. And uh overall, when of stuff with this. And uh overall, when I first turn this thing on, I'm like, I first turn this thing on, I'm like, I first turn this thing on, I'm like, "Okay, this will probably work for what "Okay, this will probably work for what "Okay, this will probably work for what I want it to do." So, once you got it I want it to do." So, once you got it I want it to do." So, once you got it out to the actual This is set up, uh the out to the actual This is set up, uh the out to the actual This is set up, uh the wind is your biggest obstacle. So, I wind is your biggest obstacle. So, I wind is your biggest obstacle. So, I live in West Texas. I'm just trying to live in West Texas. I'm just trying to live in West Texas. I'm just trying to kill these weeds in my zero skate. If kill these weeds in my zero skate. If kill these weeds in my zero skate. If you hover around these weeds long you hover around these weeds long you hover around these weeds long enough, it will kill them. Uh, but if enough, it will kill them. Uh, but if enough, it will kill them. Uh, but if the wind is picked up, it's not going to the wind is picked up, it's not going to the wind is picked up, it's not going to work exactly the way that you want to work exactly the way that you want to work exactly the way that you want to and it might take a little bit longer. and it might take a little bit longer. and it might take a little bit longer. But for smaller propane for that only But for smaller propane for that only But for smaller propane for that only cost 40 bucks, um, it'll work kind of cost 40 bucks, um, it'll work kind of cost 40 bucks, um, it'll work kind of sort of, but it's not nearly getting sort of, but it's not nearly getting sort of, but it's not nearly getting that penetration into these leads that I that penetration into these leads that I that penetration into these leads that I wanted. And after a while, the actual wanted. And after a while, the actual wanted. And after a while, the actual igniter kind of went out a little bit. I igniter kind of went out a little bit. I igniter kind of went out a little bit. I don't know if the flint just tore off of don't know if the flint just tore off of don't know if the flint just tore off of it, but I was having to use my other it, but I was having to use my other it, but I was having to use my other propane torch just to ignite it. So, if propane torch just to ignite it. So, if propane torch just to ignite it. So, if you get this, the igniter might go off. you get this, the igniter might go off. you get this, the igniter might go off. That's what I was having to do later on That's what I was having to do later on That's what I was having to do later on in the video was have another source to in the video was have another source to in the video was have another source to kind of just get the gas flowing. But kind of just get the gas flowing. But kind of just get the gas flowing. But this is what it looks like in real time. this is what it looks like in real time. this is what it looks like in real time. Uh, not sped up if you want to kill Uh, not sped up if you want to kill Uh, not sped up if you want to kill weeds. Again, how to use my igniter just weeds. Again, how to use my igniter just weeds. Again, how to use my igniter just to get things started. But if you're to get things started. But if you're to get things started. But if you're interested in this product, this is what interested in this product, this is what interested in this product, this is what it's going to look like out of the box. it's going to look like out of the box. it's going to look like out of the box. This is realistically type of flame that This is realistically type of flame that This is realistically type of flame that you're going to get out of it. So, if you're going to get out of it. So, if you're going to get out of it. So, if you're interested in this product, I you're interested in this product, I you're interested in this product, I don't have a link in the description. don't have a link in the description. don't have a link in the description. Again, I'm not being sponsored. Just Again, I'm not being sponsored. Just Again, I'm not being sponsored. Just wanted to do a quick video on this just wanted to do a quick video on this just wanted to do a quick video on this just in case anybody out there was in case anybody out there was in case anybody out there was interested. But this is what you get for interested. But this is what you get for interested. But this is what you get for 40 bucks. So, uh, take it or leave it. 40 bucks. So, uh, take it or leave it. 40 bucks. So, uh, take it or leave it. I'll see you guys in the next video. I'll see you guys in the next video. I'll see you guys in the next video. Peace.