🎵 Hello everybody, it is Nicole from Ikili and today I'll be reviewing the Artbeak alcohol marker set of 80 that was kindly gifted to me. So it's not always anytime and hop right into the video. For the price, on Amazon it is originally $32.99 but currently on sale for $26.99 and on artbeak.com it is originally $39.99 but on sale for $25.99. For the packaging, it comes in a black canvas bag with a handle on the top and a zipper closure. Inside, the markers stand upright and this is because they come with two plastic trays that hold the markers vertically. Each tray holds 40 markers, one on the left and one on the right. The marker itself has a square white barrel with a broad tip or chisel tip on one end and a fine or bullet tip on the other marked with a gray band. The color, code, and name are located on each side of the caps and this set includes a wide variety of colors from your standard colors to more pastel and grays. The colors do remind me of the Sanjoki set that I reviewed a little bit ago. The colors and the number codes are actually very similar too. For the pros, I think this set is very affordable, especially when it's on sale. So for the price of $25.99 and 80 markers, it's a little bit over 30 cents a marker. Because it comes with a carrying case, it's very portable and it's very easy to organize or take out of the case with the trays. However, because the markers stand vertically, I would suggest storing them horizontally or sideways just so that the ink doesn't pool on one side. And the fine tip is actually pointier than I expected because some fine tip sides of markers tend to be more rounded and can't get into those corners of hair or any small spaces. But this one, since it was pointier, I was actually able to get into the smaller corners of the hair without messing up, besides my own carelessness. As for the cons, it's definitely not a brush tip and can still blend, but it's definitely more challenging and not as smooth. Some of the names also don't really match the color. One of the colors I used that was a pale yellow was named Salmon Pink and I don't think that's very accurate. And as I was using the marker, I felt like it was drying out when I was coloring, but it wasn't and I'm not sure if that makes any sense, but it just felt like the ink wasn't flowing as smoothly as it could. Overall, I think this is a great affordable set for beginners because you get a lot of markers and a lot of different colors for a very affordable price. I will say though that if you want similar colors, but in a brush tip, I would recommend getting the Sanjoki set since, like I mentioned, the colors are very similar, but it comes in a brush. I'll leave a link to that set and review down below in the description, along with all the materials that I've used today. So I hope you found this video useful or helpful in any way. If you did and want to see more of you or alcohol marker related videos like this, be sure to hit that subscribe button and ring the bell so you're notified of when I post new videos. So with that, I want to thank you all so much for joining me today. Keep drawing, keep creating, and I'll see you all next time. Bye!