So hello guys how are you all? You people might be
wondering where am I going today after getting so ready
? So guys, today I am going to
my in-laws' house. Your sister-in-law has
gone to her brother's house, so I am going to pick her up. It has been
two-three days and brother, in these two-three days,
such a thing has happened that the house seems completely empty. I am
not feeling like it at all brother.
And one more guy, your sister-in-law's brother's house is so
far away. It takes two hours to go from here.
So right now brother, I am thinking of staying there today
and coming back tomorrow morning.
So okay guys, we're leaving now. [Music]
So brothers, you should not go empty handed from your in-laws' house. That's why
I have come
to the fruit shop brother.
So the guys have already taken the fruits. Fruits include
dragon fruit, blueberries,
golden kiwi and green apple.
So guys, look how it suddenly started raining. It was
so hot by now. Guys, the
rain was only for a short distance.
Look how clear the weather is here.
And brother, I was also thinking that the
car is so dirty today. When I did not take
time to get it washed, naturally God listened to me.
So guys, this is the resort where
your sister-in-law and I got married.
Brother, I felt a lot of nostalgia after seeing this place.
And now brother is about to reach
your sister-in-law's village i.e. my
in-laws' house in just 3-4 minutes.
So Guys has come to his in-laws' house,
brother. This is my house.
So brother, look how your sister-in-law
is waiting outside and I am not opening the door. I will not
open it.
Look, I can't recognize you here.
Absolutely. There she lives like a brother and daughter-in-law.
Here she is completely dressed as a girl. She
remains a laborer. I was making something for you.
Come on,
what were you making? Come.
I have also brought fruits for you.
Good ones.
Thanks. Come on.
And there is one most special member of the Guys family
that you guys will also like very much. I
will introduce you to him today. What is his name?
Max.
So Guy will introduce you to Max. Guess
who Max could be?
Brother.
This is my brother-in-law.
Hello Tinu ji. Hello,
laughing. He is not speaking and this brother is the most
special member of the family, Maxu
Maxu,
oh
son,
Pooja is saying that he is a bit dangerous. Take him
in your lap once,
yes
come in my lap Maxi
brother, how is he running, I am thirsty right now,
yes he has made the whole side his own,
oh
which breed is he, he is a pitbull, right,
yes and he does not like his vine at all,
so he eats only that, I will
not eat it in anyone's vine, he must have left it,
why have you tied it to the vine, as soon as I do not leave it, it will
come towards me, I think I
left it, it has some
interest,
brother, your sister-in-law picked up Max, it is
not getting up, but it has become
heavier than him,
yes take it, eat it
brother, see how he is having fun, Maxu
oh
he is having his own entertainment
brother, he will
not eat it, right
brother, he has torn the bed [laughs]
so guys, right now I am waiting here to see
what food and drink your sister-in-law will bring.
And brother, this is my mother.
He has also undergone a leg operation. Are you okay,
mom?
Brother, even mom is feeling shy. Everyone is feeling
shy here. Hello Target.
Target is not shying away. What have
you brought to eat?
Maggi for the rainy season.
Maggie is here to visit the mountains.
Rain is coming here too and there are mountains too.
By the way, I will take you. Brother, I was thinking, I do
n't know what dish he has prepared, he has
prepared Maggi [laughs]
Maggi is modern, you know, after
eating food, brother came upstairs and was
roaming around for a while and look brother, how is he speaking peacock,
since then he has become silent, due to the video he is
not speaking now, I was
trying to go inside and look, Max
brother is not letting me go inside, look, come closer, it's
good
brother.
So guys, we have come back from your sister-in-law's house
and I was not able to sleep well there last night
brother. Firstly, brother,
Max was climbing on the bed again and again
even at midnight. So that's why I came and slept. Now
your sister-in-law has called. She is saying
that you are preparing food etc. I'll come down at once.
So brother, Grandma is teaching your
sister-in-law something about eating and drinking. What are
you teaching?
Hey, should I tell you brother, she doesn't listen, she has taken something sometimes, she has
taken something, as per the children of today,
brother, Pooja
Pooja is ill and still sometimes she is
eating Ghevar, sometimes she is eating something,
now brother, she is acting like a decent person at home,
what rice and dal have she cooked here
and grandmother is saying that she should not eat it with rice, she should not
eat it with rice, so listen to grandmother,
but grandmother, nowadays children do not listen,
yes they do not listen [sound of clearing throat]
that is why [
laughter]
and brother, your sister-in-law has come, look how she is lying
here, hello Kanchan Bhabhi, say hi to the audience,
hi friends, how are you [laughter]
what are you doing, lying down like this, what is this
way of working, you are working from home,
Bhabhi [laughter] this is how it works, brother,
work from home late at home, Bhabhi, we will go
to the mail this evening, are you ready, yes, I will be
ready.
Brother, your sister-in-law had made very little
sweet rice and now she is angry
that you ate it all.
I asked and are you doing it or not? You just
picked it up and came.
Brother is angry. And this is dal rice.
I feel these are also empty for me. Will
you also eat these? We won't
meet now. Give me this, no, but right now I am
just giving it.
Give it to me. I am feeling hungry.
Look guys,
I think it has started raining lightly. Otherwise, it will be
difficult for us to even go to the fair. It will be
difficult to walk like this. It is not coming that fast. If you can go, let's go.
So guys, your sister-in-law keeps
going to the tailor every few days to get new suits
stitched and never wears them.
They are kept like this.
I will wear it this time. I will wear these ones.
So brother, right now I am going to the market
side once. So guys, finally your sister-in-law has come. Did it take
me time?
You have taken too much time.
Why is it raining?
Look at this guys. How water droplets have fallen on the sunroof too,
so many
water droplets [laughs]. You
can call it rain. It's raining,
brother. We were just going home and
your sister-in-law is insisting on
driving. What happened? You are
not going home. I have to drive.
Look how bad the weather is, and right now
you have to drive. I have never
driven a car till date,
and you are asking me to drive on the road in the rain. I have
driven a little bit, I can drive this much. Nothing happens with this much,
look, you will drive, you will drive, that's for sure.
Yes, give it to me, I am feeling
scared. [laughs]
Sometimes, brother, there might be some loss. No, let's
try.
Yes, a little bit. If I do something wrong, you can take it.
If I
start, okay?
Brother, Pooja is already on the driving seat
and is asking me how to start. Do I
remember this much?
And look, we are standing in the middle of the road. Brother,
look how the vehicles are coming and going.
Brother, I am feeling really scared. Let's go. Will you take it,
yes, trust me, I have enough confidence, I will definitely hit
someone
[sound of clearing throat] see brother,
what is the matter, do it, then start, what do you have to do, first of all
remove the hand brake,
yes now bring it, it has come to D, now slowly just
release the brake, okay, don't race, yes
steering brother, control the steering, hey,
why are you applying the brake, you are making
me nervous,
remove it like this,
remove it, you will have to show everyone that you are
driving brother, along with that you will have to pay
attention to the road also. Sometimes your
car may crash somewhere while you are vlogging. On top of that the
rain has become more intense.
out ho left left left. Don't
take such long cuts. Look at the horn, it
will sound like this. Ok. Why did you take a break? If
someone comes from behind, she will get hit.
Good. Okay, let's
see now brother. Look, there was a car in front on the
left side and
we had just turned the car from here, your sister-in-law was about to
hit us from behind and suddenly we applied brakes, the
car behind us also applied brakes suddenly,
then he has just gone from the side,
he saw that a lady was driving, he was going in fear, that is
why he did not say anything, well, right now this one is also
going in fear [laughs]
see, this is how the road is cleared, guys,
you do one thing, you come to the side right now,
you will have to be taught in some empty area
first, road safety is also important, if
something happens to us, if something happens to you,
park it on the side. If you want to put it on the side, I will go a
little ahead and put it.
Ok. Let's go a little further.
Now look guys, how the vehicles are coming and going
and they can hit anyone. There
is no trust. [laughter]
Let me focus.
So
guys, I have just stopped the car on the side. Come on, come to the
side now. delight?
Yes. How did I drive?
You drove it very well. You should go to the competition. If
the guy didn't get killed then it was good.
Yes. You should go to Formula One.
Come to the side now. You
yourself are driving so fast.
Okay, I will also drive slowly. I should also hit
someone.
Who did I hit? I
just survived today. So guys, you have finally come home. Make
me drive for two minutes. I
said too much in two minutes.
So guys, I made you wait for quite some time. Only then the
rain stopped. And now brother Kanchan Bhabhi and
Pooja both are ready. So let's go.
Yes, let's rain,
sister-in-law.
So guys, let's go to the fair now. So guys
Kanchan Bhabhi is very excited for the fair. I
mean, he likes to go on rides,
swings etc. But
what happened unfortunately today, sister-in-law?
I got my fake. Because of this I am a little
scared of swings etc. But still I am
so excited.
nobody. [laughs]
No, we'll tease you by swinging around.
No.
You can look from below. She is putting on the belt.
We didn't even have a front. I felt it
because I had to go a little closer here
and Bhabhi was also applying it from behind. What
happened sister-in-law? You follow so many rules. They do
n't trust you in driving. I have been a
little scared ever since I got injured, so
I am very
nice, if you don't trust me then you can take it.
I will take it.
Yes yes yes exchange it. Yes, then everyone will have to exchange seats.
So the guys have come to the fair. And brother,
look, three VIP passes have been arranged.
These little firecrackers will save you,
should you cut them? If you
get one less ride than this, then this is your pass. You will
get less. Okay,
yes, we both will do the police.
Ok.
Go sister-in-law, play with it.
No, we are scared.
Prayer. I am
scared of this.
So brother, look how scared she is.
Hey, he won't do anything. Let us go.
Look, this small child is not scared. You are
scared.
Look how scared you are, man. You got
scared very quickly.
So guys, look, he is also giving expressions.
So brothers,
your sister-in-law had a sore throat and
look what she has come here to do and all the
things are gone brother, she has
come here to eat fast food in the flood, oh
your throat was sore. Are you seeing
this, sister-in-law?
No, I didn't see anything [laughs].
What are you eating here?
She is just watching. They have to eat. I am watching.
Ok, good. I'll see. You will watch or
eat.
Keep it here like this.
You Gee [music] I
know you Be
So guys let's go on this ride right now. How are you feeling
? I am feeling
scared. So guys are about to go on this ride
and are excited brother. And
sister-in-law will stand outside. Poor sister-in-law will not be able to go.
You must be feeling like it. No
one should get
emotional [laughs]
G
Look guys, he is not letting me eat anything,
ice cream or anything else, what is this
mango wala, this Kala Khatta or Kala Khatta is
different.
Black sour is black. This
is yellow sour.
That one is this one. Ice bust [laughs]
I need it too.
Where should we go? Home
outside. Yes [music]
I'll
get you something hot.
So guys, look, he just came back from the fair after eating and drinking.
And now both of them have to come here also.
We will not be able to be patient that much. All the
brothers had just returned from the fair after eating, drinking and
swinging and now even after coming here they are saying
that brother we want to eat garlic bread,
we want to eat pizza. That payment also has to be made.
Yes brother, should I give you the scanner from here? [laughter]
So Guy
just came from there brother. I just got Blinkit done here too
and Bhabhi has gone to the Trouba asking
why is he not stopping? What
happened sister-in-law?
I thought everything was done and packed up now.
Now I have to sleep, after that he blinked. I ca
n't believe it [laughs].
After drinking milk, these people can now eat something.
Their capacity is not ending
brother.
What is happening Pooja? Why are you ordering so much
? [laughs]
Friend, if we are late, then
show us like this. No, it doesn't sound like that. The
goods must be kept in the fridge right now.
If we stay up late, have fun,
watch TV, then we will have to eat and drink.
As if about to fall asleep. They come up with something new,
brother.
So guys, let's end this vlog on this note.
Yes Bhabhi, I will definitely have an attack right now.
No one is stopping now.
You stop.
Last.
So guys, let's end this video with this note.
Please do let us know by commenting
how you liked this vlog and see you
in the next vlog. Goodbye till then.
