So hello guys how are you all?  You people might be So hello guys how are you all?  You people might be So hello guys how are you all?  You people might be wondering where am I going today after getting so ready wondering where am I going today after getting so ready wondering where am I going today after getting so ready ?  So guys, today I am going to ?  So guys, today I am going to ?  So guys, today I am going to my in-laws' house.  Your sister-in-law has my in-laws' house.  Your sister-in-law has my in-laws' house.  Your sister-in-law has gone to her brother's house, so I am going to pick her up.   It has been gone to her brother's house, so I am going to pick her up.   It has been gone to her brother's house, so I am going to pick her up.   It has been two-three days and brother, in these two-three days, two-three days and brother, in these two-three days, two-three days and brother, in these two-three days, such a thing has happened that the house seems completely empty.  I am such a thing has happened that the house seems completely empty.  I am such a thing has happened that the house seems completely empty.  I am not feeling like it at all brother. not feeling like it at all brother. not feeling like it at all brother. And one more guy, your sister-in-law's brother's house is so And one more guy, your sister-in-law's brother's house is so And one more guy, your sister-in-law's brother's house is so far away.  It takes two hours to go from here. far away.  It takes two hours to go from here. far away.  It takes two hours to go from here. So right now brother, I am thinking of staying there today So right now brother, I am thinking of staying there today So right now brother, I am thinking of staying there today and coming back tomorrow morning. and coming back tomorrow morning. and coming back tomorrow morning. So okay guys, we're leaving now.  [Music] So brothers, you should not go empty handed from your in-laws' house.  That's why So brothers, you should not go empty handed from your in-laws' house.  That's why So brothers, you should not go empty handed from your in-laws' house.  That's why I have come I have come I have come to the fruit shop brother. So the guys have already taken the fruits.  Fruits include So the guys have already taken the fruits.  Fruits include So the guys have already taken the fruits.  Fruits include dragon fruit, blueberries, dragon fruit, blueberries, dragon fruit, blueberries, golden kiwi and green apple. So guys, look how it suddenly started raining.  It was So guys, look how it suddenly started raining.  It was So guys, look how it suddenly started raining.  It was so hot by now.   Guys, the so hot by now.   Guys, the so hot by now.   Guys, the rain was only for a short distance. rain was only for a short distance. rain was only for a short distance. Look how clear the weather is here. Look how clear the weather is here. Look how clear the weather is here. And brother, I was also thinking that the And brother, I was also thinking that the And brother, I was also thinking that the car is so dirty today.  When I did not take car is so dirty today.  When I did not take car is so dirty today.  When I did not take time to get it washed, naturally God listened to me. time to get it washed, naturally God listened to me. time to get it washed, naturally God listened to me. So guys, this is the resort where So guys, this is the resort where So guys, this is the resort where your sister-in-law and I got married. your sister-in-law and I got married. your sister-in-law and I got married. Brother, I felt a lot of nostalgia after seeing this place. Brother, I felt a lot of nostalgia after seeing this place. Brother, I felt a lot of nostalgia after seeing this place. And now brother is about to reach And now brother is about to reach And now brother is about to reach your sister-in-law's village i.e. my your sister-in-law's village i.e. my your sister-in-law's village i.e. my in-laws' house in just 3-4 minutes. in-laws' house in just 3-4 minutes. in-laws' house in just 3-4 minutes. So Guys has come to his in-laws' house, So Guys has come to his in-laws' house, So Guys has come to his in-laws' house, brother.  This is my house. brother.  This is my house. brother.  This is my house. So brother, look how your sister-in-law So brother, look how your sister-in-law So brother, look how your sister-in-law is waiting outside and I am not opening the door.  I will not is waiting outside and I am not opening the door.  I will not is waiting outside and I am not opening the door.  I will not open it. open it. open it. Look, I can't recognize you here. Look, I can't recognize you here. Look, I can't recognize you here. Absolutely.  There she lives like a brother and daughter-in-law. Absolutely.  There she lives like a brother and daughter-in-law. Absolutely.  There she lives like a brother and daughter-in-law. Here she is completely dressed as a girl.   She Here she is completely dressed as a girl.   She Here she is completely dressed as a girl.   She remains a laborer.  I was making something for you. remains a laborer.  I was making something for you. remains a laborer.  I was making something for you. Come on, Come on, Come on, what were you making?   Come. what were you making?   Come. what were you making?   Come. I have also brought fruits for you. I have also brought fruits for you. I have also brought fruits for you. Good ones. Good ones. Good ones. Thanks.   Come on. Thanks.   Come on. Thanks.   Come on. And there is one most special member of the Guys family And there is one most special member of the Guys family And there is one most special member of the Guys family that you guys will also like very much.  I that you guys will also like very much.  I that you guys will also like very much.  I will introduce you to him today.  What is his name? will introduce you to him today.  What is his name? will introduce you to him today.  What is his name? Max. Max. Max. So Guy will introduce you to Max.  Guess So Guy will introduce you to Max.  Guess So Guy will introduce you to Max.  Guess who Max could be? who Max could be? who Max could be? Brother. Brother. Brother. This is my brother-in-law. This is my brother-in-law. This is my brother-in-law. Hello Tinu ji.  Hello, Hello Tinu ji.  Hello, Hello Tinu ji.  Hello, laughing.  He is not speaking and this brother is the most laughing.  He is not speaking and this brother is the most laughing.  He is not speaking and this brother is the most special member of the family, Maxu special member of the family, Maxu special member of the family, Maxu Maxu, Maxu, Maxu, oh oh oh son, son, son, Pooja is saying that he is a bit dangerous.  Take him Pooja is saying that he is a bit dangerous.  Take him Pooja is saying that he is a bit dangerous.  Take him in your lap once, in your lap once, in your lap once, yes yes yes come in my lap Maxi come in my lap Maxi come in my lap Maxi brother, how is he running, I am thirsty right now, brother, how is he running, I am thirsty right now, brother, how is he running, I am thirsty right now, yes he has made the whole side his own, yes he has made the whole side his own, yes he has made the whole side his own, oh oh oh which breed is he, he is a pitbull, right, which breed is he, he is a pitbull, right, which breed is he, he is a pitbull, right, yes and he does not like his vine at all, yes and he does not like his vine at all, yes and he does not like his vine at all, so he eats only that, I will so he eats only that, I will so he eats only that, I will not eat it in anyone's vine, he must have left it, not eat it in anyone's vine, he must have left it, not eat it in anyone's vine, he must have left it, why have you tied it to the vine, as soon as I do not leave it, it will why have you tied it to the vine, as soon as I do not leave it, it will why have you tied it to the vine, as soon as I do not leave it, it will come towards me, I think I come towards me, I think I come towards me, I think I left it, it has some left it, it has some interest, interest, interest, brother, your sister-in-law picked up Max, it is brother, your sister-in-law picked up Max, it is brother, your sister-in-law picked up Max, it is not getting up, but it has become not getting up, but it has become heavier than him, heavier than him, heavier than him, yes take it, eat it yes take it, eat it yes take it, eat it brother, see how he is having fun, Maxu brother, see how he is having fun, Maxu brother, see how he is having fun, Maxu oh oh oh he is having his own entertainment he is having his own entertainment he is having his own entertainment brother, he will brother, he will brother, he will not eat it, right not eat it, right not eat it, right brother, he has torn the bed [laughs] so guys, right now I am waiting here to see so guys, right now I am waiting here to see so guys, right now I am waiting here to see what food and drink your sister-in-law will bring. what food and drink your sister-in-law will bring. what food and drink your sister-in-law will bring. And brother, this is my mother. And brother, this is my mother. And brother, this is my mother. He has also undergone a leg operation.  Are you okay, He has also undergone a leg operation.  Are you okay, He has also undergone a leg operation.  Are you okay, mom? Brother, even mom is feeling shy.  Everyone is feeling Brother, even mom is feeling shy.  Everyone is feeling Brother, even mom is feeling shy.  Everyone is feeling shy here.  Hello Target. shy here.  Hello Target. shy here.  Hello Target. Target is not shying away.  What have Target is not shying away.  What have Target is not shying away.  What have you brought to eat? you brought to eat? you brought to eat? Maggi for the rainy season. Maggi for the rainy season. Maggi for the rainy season. Maggie is here to visit the mountains. Maggie is here to visit the mountains. Maggie is here to visit the mountains. Rain is coming here too and there are mountains too. Rain is coming here too and there are mountains too. Rain is coming here too and there are mountains too. By the way, I will take you.  Brother, I was thinking, I do By the way, I will take you.  Brother, I was thinking, I do By the way, I will take you.  Brother, I was thinking, I do n't know what dish he has prepared, he has n't know what dish he has prepared, he has n't know what dish he has prepared, he has prepared Maggi [laughs] prepared Maggi [laughs] prepared Maggi [laughs] Maggi is modern, you know, after Maggi is modern, you know, after Maggi is modern, you know, after eating food, brother came upstairs and was eating food, brother came upstairs and was eating food, brother came upstairs and was roaming around for a while and look brother, how is he speaking peacock, roaming around for a while and look brother, how is he speaking peacock, roaming around for a while and look brother, how is he speaking peacock, since then he has become silent, due to the video he is since then he has become silent, due to the video he is since then he has become silent, due to the video he is not speaking now, I was not speaking now, I was not speaking now, I was trying to go inside and look, Max trying to go inside and look, Max trying to go inside and look, Max brother is not letting me go inside, look, come closer, it's good brother. brother. brother. So guys, we have come back from your sister-in-law's house So guys, we have come back from your sister-in-law's house So guys, we have come back from your sister-in-law's house and I was not able to sleep well there last night and I was not able to sleep well there last night and I was not able to sleep well there last night brother.  Firstly, brother, brother.  Firstly, brother, brother.  Firstly, brother, Max was climbing on the bed again and again Max was climbing on the bed again and again Max was climbing on the bed again and again even at midnight.  So that's why I came and slept.  Now even at midnight.  So that's why I came and slept.  Now even at midnight.  So that's why I came and slept.  Now your sister-in-law has called.  She is saying your sister-in-law has called.  She is saying your sister-in-law has called.  She is saying that you are preparing food etc.  I'll come down at once. that you are preparing food etc.  I'll come down at once. So brother, Grandma is teaching your So brother, Grandma is teaching your So brother, Grandma is teaching your sister-in-law something about eating and drinking.  What are sister-in-law something about eating and drinking.  What are sister-in-law something about eating and drinking.  What are you teaching? you teaching? you teaching? Hey, should I tell you brother, she doesn't listen, she has taken something sometimes, she has Hey, should I tell you brother, she doesn't listen, she has taken something sometimes, she has Hey, should I tell you brother, she doesn't listen, she has taken something sometimes, she has taken something, as per the children of today, taken something, as per the children of today, brother, Pooja brother, Pooja brother, Pooja Pooja is ill and still sometimes she is Pooja is ill and still sometimes she is Pooja is ill and still sometimes she is eating Ghevar, sometimes she is eating something, eating Ghevar, sometimes she is eating something, eating Ghevar, sometimes she is eating something, now brother, she is acting like a decent person at home, now brother, she is acting like a decent person at home, now brother, she is acting like a decent person at home, what rice and dal have she cooked here what rice and dal have she cooked here what rice and dal have she cooked here and grandmother is saying that she should not eat it with rice, she should not and grandmother is saying that she should not eat it with rice, she should not and grandmother is saying that she should not eat it with rice, she should not eat it with rice, so listen to grandmother, eat it with rice, so listen to grandmother, eat it with rice, so listen to grandmother, but grandmother, nowadays children do not listen, but grandmother, nowadays children do not listen, but grandmother, nowadays children do not listen, yes they do not listen [sound of clearing throat] yes they do not listen [sound of clearing throat] yes they do not listen [sound of clearing throat] that is why [ that is why [ that is why [ laughter] laughter] laughter] and brother, your sister-in-law has come, look how she is lying and brother, your sister-in-law has come, look how she is lying and brother, your sister-in-law has come, look how she is lying here, hello Kanchan Bhabhi, say hi to the audience, here, hello Kanchan Bhabhi, say hi to the audience, hi friends, how are you [laughter] hi friends, how are you [laughter] hi friends, how are you [laughter] what are you doing, lying down like this, what is this what are you doing, lying down like this, what is this what are you doing, lying down like this, what is this way of working, you are working from home, way of working, you are working from home, way of working, you are working from home, Bhabhi [laughter] this is how it works, brother, Bhabhi [laughter] this is how it works, brother, Bhabhi [laughter] this is how it works, brother, work from home late at home, Bhabhi, we will go work from home late at home, Bhabhi, we will go work from home late at home, Bhabhi, we will go to the mail this evening, are you ready, yes, I will be to the mail this evening, are you ready, yes, I will be to the mail this evening, are you ready, yes, I will be ready. ready. ready. Brother, your sister-in-law had made very little Brother, your sister-in-law had made very little Brother, your sister-in-law had made very little sweet rice and now she is angry sweet rice and now she is angry sweet rice and now she is angry that you ate it all. that you ate it all. that you ate it all. I asked and are you doing it or not?  You just I asked and are you doing it or not?  You just I asked and are you doing it or not?  You just picked it up and came. picked it up and came. picked it up and came. Brother is angry.  And this is dal rice. Brother is angry.  And this is dal rice. Brother is angry.  And this is dal rice. I feel these are also empty for me.  Will I feel these are also empty for me.  Will I feel these are also empty for me.  Will you also eat these?   We won't you also eat these?   We won't you also eat these?   We won't meet now.  Give me this, no, but right now I am meet now.  Give me this, no, but right now I am meet now.  Give me this, no, but right now I am just giving it. just giving it. just giving it. Give it to me.  I am feeling hungry. Give it to me.  I am feeling hungry. Give it to me.  I am feeling hungry. Look guys, Look guys, Look guys, I think it has started raining lightly.  Otherwise, it will be I think it has started raining lightly.  Otherwise, it will be I think it has started raining lightly.  Otherwise, it will be difficult for us to even go to the fair.   It will be difficult for us to even go to the fair.   It will be difficult for us to even go to the fair.   It will be difficult to walk like this.  It is not coming that fast.  If you can go, let's go. difficult to walk like this.  It is not coming that fast.  If you can go, let's go. So guys, your sister-in-law keeps So guys, your sister-in-law keeps So guys, your sister-in-law keeps going to the tailor every few days to get new suits going to the tailor every few days to get new suits going to the tailor every few days to get new suits stitched and never wears them. stitched and never wears them. stitched and never wears them. They are kept like this. They are kept like this. They are kept like this. I will wear it this time.  I will wear these ones. I will wear it this time.  I will wear these ones. I will wear it this time.  I will wear these ones. So brother, right now I am going to the market So brother, right now I am going to the market So brother, right now I am going to the market side once.  So guys, finally your sister-in-law has come.   Did it take side once.  So guys, finally your sister-in-law has come.   Did it take me time? me time? me time? You have taken too much time. You have taken too much time. You have taken too much time. Why is it raining? Why is it raining? Why is it raining? Look at this guys.  How water droplets have fallen on the sunroof too, Look at this guys.  How water droplets have fallen on the sunroof too, Look at this guys.  How water droplets have fallen on the sunroof too, so many so many so many water droplets [laughs]. You water droplets [laughs]. You water droplets [laughs]. You can call it rain. It's raining, can call it rain. It's raining, can call it rain. It's raining, brother. We were just going home and brother. We were just going home and brother. We were just going home and your sister-in-law is insisting on your sister-in-law is insisting on your sister-in-law is insisting on driving. What happened? You are driving. What happened? You are driving. What happened? You are not going home. I have to drive. not going home. I have to drive. not going home. I have to drive. Look how bad the weather is, and right now Look how bad the weather is, and right now Look how bad the weather is, and right now you have to drive. I have never you have to drive. I have never driven a car till date, driven a car till date, driven a car till date, and you are asking me to drive on the road in the rain. I have and you are asking me to drive on the road in the rain. I have driven a little bit, I can drive this much. Nothing happens with this much, driven a little bit, I can drive this much. Nothing happens with this much, look, you will drive, you will drive, that's for sure. look, you will drive, you will drive, that's for sure. Yes, give it to me, I am feeling Yes, give it to me, I am feeling Yes, give it to me, I am feeling scared. [laughs] scared. [laughs] scared. [laughs] Sometimes, brother, there might be some loss. No, let's Sometimes, brother, there might be some loss. No, let's Sometimes, brother, there might be some loss. No, let's try. try. try. Yes, a little bit. If I do something wrong, you can take it. Yes, a little bit. If I do something wrong, you can take it. Yes, a little bit. If I do something wrong, you can take it. If I If I If I start, okay? start, okay? start, okay? Brother, Pooja is already on the driving seat Brother, Pooja is already on the driving seat Brother, Pooja is already on the driving seat and is asking me how to start. Do I and is asking me how to start. Do I and is asking me how to start. Do I remember this much? remember this much? remember this much? And look, we are standing in the middle of the road. Brother, And look, we are standing in the middle of the road. Brother, And look, we are standing in the middle of the road. Brother, look how the vehicles are coming and going. look how the vehicles are coming and going. look how the vehicles are coming and going. Brother, I am feeling really scared. Let's go.  Will you take it, Brother, I am feeling really scared. Let's go.  Will you take it, yes, trust me, I have enough confidence, I will definitely hit yes, trust me, I have enough confidence, I will definitely hit yes, trust me, I have enough confidence, I will definitely hit someone someone someone [sound of clearing throat] see brother, [sound of clearing throat] see brother, [sound of clearing throat] see brother, what is the matter, do it, then start, what do you have to do, first of all what is the matter, do it, then start, what do you have to do, first of all what is the matter, do it, then start, what do you have to do, first of all remove the hand brake, remove the hand brake, remove the hand brake, yes now bring it, it has come to D, now slowly just yes now bring it, it has come to D, now slowly just yes now bring it, it has come to D, now slowly just release the brake, okay, don't race, yes release the brake, okay, don't race, yes release the brake, okay, don't race, yes steering brother, control the steering, hey, steering brother, control the steering, hey, steering brother, control the steering, hey, why are you applying the brake, you are making why are you applying the brake, you are making why are you applying the brake, you are making me nervous, me nervous, me nervous, remove it like this, remove it like this, remove it like this, remove it, you will have to show everyone that you are remove it, you will have to show everyone that you are remove it, you will have to show everyone that you are driving brother, along with that you will have to pay driving brother, along with that you will have to pay driving brother, along with that you will have to pay attention to the road also.  Sometimes your attention to the road also.  Sometimes your attention to the road also.  Sometimes your car may crash somewhere while you are vlogging.  On top of that the car may crash somewhere while you are vlogging.  On top of that the car may crash somewhere while you are vlogging.  On top of that the rain has become more intense. rain has become more intense. rain has become more intense. out ho left left left.   Don't out ho left left left.   Don't take such long cuts.  Look at the horn, it take such long cuts.  Look at the horn, it take such long cuts.  Look at the horn, it will sound like this.  Ok.  Why did you take a break?   If will sound like this.  Ok.  Why did you take a break?   If will sound like this.  Ok.  Why did you take a break?   If someone comes from behind, she will get hit. someone comes from behind, she will get hit. someone comes from behind, she will get hit. Good. Good. Good. Good.  Okay, let's Good.  Okay, let's Good.  Okay, let's see now brother.  Look, there was a car in front on the see now brother.  Look, there was a car in front on the see now brother.  Look, there was a car in front on the left side and left side and left side and we had just turned the car from here, your sister-in-law was about to we had just turned the car from here, your sister-in-law was about to we had just turned the car from here, your sister-in-law was about to hit us from behind and suddenly we applied brakes, the hit us from behind and suddenly we applied brakes, the hit us from behind and suddenly we applied brakes, the car behind us also applied brakes suddenly, car behind us also applied brakes suddenly, car behind us also applied brakes suddenly, then he has just gone from the side, then he has just gone from the side, then he has just gone from the side, he saw that a lady was driving, he was going in fear, that is he saw that a lady was driving, he was going in fear, that is why he did not say anything, well, right now this one is also why he did not say anything, well, right now this one is also why he did not say anything, well, right now this one is also going in fear [laughs] going in fear [laughs] going in fear [laughs] see, this is how the road is cleared, guys, see, this is how the road is cleared, guys, see, this is how the road is cleared, guys, you do one thing, you come to the side right now, you do one thing, you come to the side right now, you do one thing, you come to the side right now, you will have to be taught in some empty area you will have to be taught in some empty area you will have to be taught in some empty area first, road safety is also important, if first, road safety is also important, if first, road safety is also important, if something happens to us, if something happens to you, something happens to us, if something happens to you, something happens to us, if something happens to you, park it on the side.  If you want to put it on the side, I will go a park it on the side.  If you want to put it on the side, I will go a park it on the side.  If you want to put it on the side, I will go a little ahead and put it. little ahead and put it. little ahead and put it. Ok.  Let's go a little further. Ok.  Let's go a little further. Ok.  Let's go a little further. Now look guys, how the vehicles are coming and going Now look guys, how the vehicles are coming and going Now look guys, how the vehicles are coming and going and they can hit anyone.  There and they can hit anyone.  There and they can hit anyone.  There is no trust.  [laughter] is no trust.  [laughter] is no trust.  [laughter] Let me focus. Let me focus. Let me focus. So So So guys, I have just stopped the car on the side.  Come on, come to the guys, I have just stopped the car on the side.  Come on, come to the guys, I have just stopped the car on the side.  Come on, come to the side now.  delight? side now.  delight? side now.  delight? Yes.  How did I drive? Yes.  How did I drive? Yes.  How did I drive? You drove it very well.  You should go to the competition.   If You drove it very well.  You should go to the competition.   If the guy didn't get killed then it was good. the guy didn't get killed then it was good. the guy didn't get killed then it was good. Yes.  You should go to Formula One. Yes.  You should go to Formula One. Yes.  You should go to Formula One. Come to the side now.   You yourself are driving so fast. yourself are driving so fast. yourself are driving so fast. Okay, I will also drive slowly.  I should also hit Okay, I will also drive slowly.  I should also hit Okay, I will also drive slowly.  I should also hit someone. someone. someone. Who did I hit?   I Who did I hit?   I Who did I hit?   I just survived today.  So guys, you have finally come home.   Make just survived today.  So guys, you have finally come home.   Make me drive for two minutes.  I me drive for two minutes.  I me drive for two minutes.  I said too much in two minutes. said too much in two minutes. said too much in two minutes. So guys, I made you wait for quite some time.  Only then the So guys, I made you wait for quite some time.  Only then the So guys, I made you wait for quite some time.  Only then the rain stopped.  And now brother Kanchan Bhabhi and rain stopped.  And now brother Kanchan Bhabhi and rain stopped.  And now brother Kanchan Bhabhi and Pooja both are ready.   So let's go. Pooja both are ready.   So let's go. Yes, let's rain, Yes, let's rain, Yes, let's rain, sister-in-law. sister-in-law. sister-in-law. So guys, let's go to the fair now.  So guys So guys, let's go to the fair now.  So guys So guys, let's go to the fair now.  So guys Kanchan Bhabhi is very excited for the fair.  I Kanchan Bhabhi is very excited for the fair.  I Kanchan Bhabhi is very excited for the fair.  I mean, he likes to go on rides, mean, he likes to go on rides, mean, he likes to go on rides, swings etc.  But swings etc.  But swings etc.  But what happened unfortunately today, sister-in-law? what happened unfortunately today, sister-in-law? what happened unfortunately today, sister-in-law? I got my fake.  Because of this I am a little I got my fake.  Because of this I am a little I got my fake.  Because of this I am a little scared of swings etc.  But still I am scared of swings etc.  But still I am scared of swings etc.  But still I am so excited. so excited. so excited. nobody.  [laughs] nobody.  [laughs] nobody.  [laughs] No, we'll tease you by swinging around. No, we'll tease you by swinging around. No, we'll tease you by swinging around. No. No. No. You can look from below.  She is putting on the belt. You can look from below.  She is putting on the belt. You can look from below.  She is putting on the belt. We didn't even have a front.  I felt it We didn't even have a front.  I felt it We didn't even have a front.  I felt it because I had to go a little closer here because I had to go a little closer here because I had to go a little closer here and Bhabhi was also applying it from behind.  What and Bhabhi was also applying it from behind.  What and Bhabhi was also applying it from behind.  What happened sister-in-law?  You follow so many rules.   They do happened sister-in-law?  You follow so many rules.   They do happened sister-in-law?  You follow so many rules.   They do n't trust you in driving.  I have been a n't trust you in driving.  I have been a n't trust you in driving.  I have been a little scared ever since I got injured, so little scared ever since I got injured, so little scared ever since I got injured, so I am very I am very I am very nice, if you don't trust me then you can take it. nice, if you don't trust me then you can take it. nice, if you don't trust me then you can take it. I will take it. I will take it. I will take it. Yes yes yes exchange it.  Yes, then everyone will have to exchange seats. Yes yes yes exchange it.  Yes, then everyone will have to exchange seats. Yes yes yes exchange it.  Yes, then everyone will have to exchange seats. So the guys have come to the fair.  And brother, So the guys have come to the fair.  And brother, So the guys have come to the fair.  And brother, look, three VIP passes have been arranged. look, three VIP passes have been arranged. look, three VIP passes have been arranged. These little firecrackers will save you, These little firecrackers will save you, These little firecrackers will save you, should you cut them?   If you should you cut them?   If you should you cut them?   If you get one less ride than this, then this is your pass.   You will get one less ride than this, then this is your pass.   You will get one less ride than this, then this is your pass.   You will get less.  Okay, get less.  Okay, get less.  Okay, yes, we both will do the police. yes, we both will do the police. yes, we both will do the police. Ok. Ok. Ok. Go sister-in-law, play with it. Go sister-in-law, play with it. Go sister-in-law, play with it. No, we are scared. No, we are scared. No, we are scared. Prayer.   I am Prayer.   I am Prayer.   I am scared of this. So brother, look how scared she is. So brother, look how scared she is. So brother, look how scared she is. Hey, he won't do anything.  Let us go. Look, this small child is not scared.  You are Look, this small child is not scared.  You are Look, this small child is not scared.  You are scared. scared. scared. Look how scared you are, man.  You got Look how scared you are, man.  You got Look how scared you are, man.  You got scared very quickly. So guys, look, he is also giving expressions. So brothers, So brothers, So brothers, your sister-in-law had a sore throat and your sister-in-law had a sore throat and your sister-in-law had a sore throat and look what she has come here to do and all the look what she has come here to do and all the look what she has come here to do and all the things are gone brother, she has things are gone brother, she has things are gone brother, she has come here to eat fast food in the flood, oh come here to eat fast food in the flood, oh come here to eat fast food in the flood, oh your throat was sore.  Are you seeing your throat was sore.  Are you seeing your throat was sore.  Are you seeing this, sister-in-law? this, sister-in-law? this, sister-in-law? No, I didn't see anything [laughs]. No, I didn't see anything [laughs]. No, I didn't see anything [laughs]. What are you eating here? What are you eating here? What are you eating here? She is just watching.  They have to eat.  I am watching. She is just watching.  They have to eat.  I am watching. Ok, good.  I'll see.  You will watch or Ok, good.  I'll see.  You will watch or Ok, good.  I'll see.  You will watch or eat. eat. eat. Keep it here like this. You Gee [music] I You Gee [music] I You Gee [music] I know you Be So guys let's go on this ride right now.  How are you feeling So guys let's go on this ride right now.  How are you feeling So guys let's go on this ride right now.  How are you feeling ?   I am feeling ?   I am feeling ?   I am feeling scared.  So guys are about to go on this ride scared.  So guys are about to go on this ride scared.  So guys are about to go on this ride and are excited brother.  And and are excited brother.  And and are excited brother.  And sister-in-law will stand outside.  Poor sister-in-law will not be able to go. sister-in-law will stand outside.  Poor sister-in-law will not be able to go. sister-in-law will stand outside.  Poor sister-in-law will not be able to go. You must be feeling like it.   No You must be feeling like it.   No You must be feeling like it.   No one should get one should get one should get emotional [laughs] emotional [laughs] emotional [laughs] G G G Look guys, he is not letting me eat anything, Look guys, he is not letting me eat anything, Look guys, he is not letting me eat anything, ice cream or anything else, what is this ice cream or anything else, what is this ice cream or anything else, what is this mango wala, mango wala, mango wala, mango wala, this Kala Khatta or Kala Khatta is mango wala, this Kala Khatta or Kala Khatta is mango wala, this Kala Khatta or Kala Khatta is different. different. different. Black sour is black.  This Black sour is black.  This Black sour is black.  This is yellow sour. is yellow sour. is yellow sour. That one is this one.  Ice bust [laughs] That one is this one.  Ice bust [laughs] That one is this one.  Ice bust [laughs] I need it too. I need it too. I need it too. Where should we go?  Home Where should we go?  Home Where should we go?  Home outside.  Yes [music] outside.  Yes [music] outside.  Yes [music] I'll I'll I'll get you something hot. get you something hot. get you something hot. So guys, look, he just came back from the fair after eating and drinking. So guys, look, he just came back from the fair after eating and drinking. So guys, look, he just came back from the fair after eating and drinking. And now both of them have to come here also. We will not be able to be patient that much.  All the We will not be able to be patient that much.  All the We will not be able to be patient that much.  All the brothers had just returned from the fair after eating, drinking and brothers had just returned from the fair after eating, drinking and brothers had just returned from the fair after eating, drinking and swinging and now even after coming here they are saying swinging and now even after coming here they are saying swinging and now even after coming here they are saying that brother we want to eat garlic bread, that brother we want to eat garlic bread, that brother we want to eat garlic bread, we want to eat pizza.  That payment also has to be made. we want to eat pizza.  That payment also has to be made. Yes brother, should I give you the scanner from here?  [laughter] So Guy So Guy So Guy just came from there brother.  I just got Blinkit done here too just came from there brother.  I just got Blinkit done here too just came from there brother.  I just got Blinkit done here too and Bhabhi has gone to the Trouba asking and Bhabhi has gone to the Trouba asking and Bhabhi has gone to the Trouba asking why is he not stopping?  What why is he not stopping?  What why is he not stopping?  What happened sister-in-law? happened sister-in-law? happened sister-in-law? I thought everything was done and packed up now. I thought everything was done and packed up now. I thought everything was done and packed up now. Now I have to sleep, after that he blinked.  I ca Now I have to sleep, after that he blinked.  I ca Now I have to sleep, after that he blinked.  I ca n't believe it [laughs]. n't believe it [laughs]. n't believe it [laughs]. After drinking milk, these people can now eat something. After drinking milk, these people can now eat something. After drinking milk, these people can now eat something. Their capacity is not ending Their capacity is not ending Their capacity is not ending brother. brother. brother. What is happening Pooja?  Why are you ordering so much What is happening Pooja?  Why are you ordering so much What is happening Pooja?  Why are you ordering so much ?  [laughs] ?  [laughs] ?  [laughs] Friend, if we are late, then Friend, if we are late, then Friend, if we are late, then show us like this.  No, it doesn't sound like that.   The show us like this.  No, it doesn't sound like that.   The show us like this.  No, it doesn't sound like that.   The goods must be kept in the fridge right now. goods must be kept in the fridge right now. goods must be kept in the fridge right now. If we stay up late, have fun, If we stay up late, have fun, If we stay up late, have fun, watch TV, then we will have to eat and drink. watch TV, then we will have to eat and drink. watch TV, then we will have to eat and drink. As if about to fall asleep.  They come up with something new, As if about to fall asleep.  They come up with something new, As if about to fall asleep.  They come up with something new, brother. brother. brother. So guys, let's end this vlog on this note. So guys, let's end this vlog on this note. So guys, let's end this vlog on this note. Yes Bhabhi, I will definitely have an attack right now. Yes Bhabhi, I will definitely have an attack right now. Yes Bhabhi, I will definitely have an attack right now. No one is stopping now. No one is stopping now. No one is stopping now. You stop. You stop. You stop. Last. Last. Last. So guys, let's end this video with this note. So guys, let's end this video with this note. So guys, let's end this video with this note. Please do let us know by commenting Please do let us know by commenting Please do let us know by commenting how you liked this vlog and see you how you liked this vlog and see you how you liked this vlog and see you in the next vlog.  Goodbye till then.