Hello, welcome to another video Hello, welcome to another video Hello, welcome to another video here on my channel. OK.  Today's video sponsor is Insta OK.  Today's video sponsor is Insta OK.  Today's video sponsor is Insta 360. They sent me the Insta 360 360. They sent me the Insta 360 360. They sent me the Insta 360 Luna Ultra, which was designed with Luna Ultra, which was designed with Luna Ultra, which was designed with Leica.  It's an 8K gamble camera.  Let's Leica.  It's an 8K gamble camera.  Let's Leica.  It's an 8K gamble camera.  Let's do the unboxing.  Stay and see. do the unboxing.  Stay and see. do the unboxing.  Stay and see. Today's video sponsor is Insta 360. Today's video sponsor is Insta 360. Today's video sponsor is Insta 360. They sent me the Insta 360 Luna They sent me the Insta 360 Luna They sent me the Insta 360 Luna Ultra in partnership with Leica.  This Ultra in partnership with Leica.  This Ultra in partnership with Leica.  This camera, the unboxing of this box is very camera, the unboxing of this box is very camera, the unboxing of this box is very simple, it's magnetic.  Here we have the simple, it's magnetic.  Here we have the simple, it's magnetic.  Here we have the Insta 360 [music] certification with Insta 360 [music] certification with Insta 360 [music] certification with Leica and signatures from the Confounders. Leica and signatures from the Confounders. Leica and signatures from the Confounders. This collaboration is really cool.  Let's go see. This collaboration is really cool.  Let's go see. This collaboration is really cool.  Let's go see. Here comes the camera with the protection [music] already Here comes the camera with the protection [music] already Here comes the camera with the protection [music] already bet.  Uh, nice. bet.  Uh, nice. bet.  Uh, nice. Spectacular.  There's a place here to put Spectacular.  There's a place here to put Spectacular.  There's a place here to put the lenses.  Great. the lenses.  Great. the lenses.  Great. Nice. Great.  [music] Let's set up Great.  [music] Let's set up Great.  [music] Let's set up now.  Now click here once and now.  Now click here once and now.  Now click here once and the camera will start following you. the camera will start following you. the camera will start following you. It's spectacular.  [music] If you want to use the filters required by law, If you want to use the filters required by law, If you want to use the filters required by law, I have to record in 4K here.  Depis I have to record in 4K here.  Depis I have to record in 4K here.  Depis tocam assim aqui e filters.  You can tocam assim aqui e filters.  You can tocam assim aqui e filters.  You can choose from several different options here, and choose from several different options here, and choose from several different options here, and the filter will be added to the video.  You can film the filter will be added to the video.  You can film the filter will be added to the video.  You can film with the filter already applied.  Let's test some out here with the filter already applied.  Let's test some out here with the filter already applied.  Let's test some out here for you to see.  Now let's take for you to see.  Now let's take for you to see.  Now let's take a 360 photo of the church here. [music] a 360 photo of the church here. [music] a 360 photo of the church here. [music] Take a picture. Take a picture. Take a picture. One more photo. One more photo. One more photo. Now let's take a close-up look at Now let's take a close-up look at Now let's take a close-up look at this flower this flower this flower further back. further back. further back. I'm going to update the I'm going to update the I'm going to update the camera's framework here now.  While the camera's framework here now.  While the camera's framework here now.  While the camera is updating, let's take a camera is updating, let's take a camera is updating, let's take a look at the accessories.  Here we have the battery look at the accessories.  Here we have the battery look at the accessories.  Here we have the battery handle to attach to the camera, and there's handle to attach to the camera, and there's handle to attach to the camera, and there's also a mini tripod already on the handle. also a mini tripod already on the handle. also a mini tripod already on the handle. And we also have wide-angle lenses here And we also have wide-angle lenses here And we also have wide-angle lenses here to put on the camera.  Let's see. to put on the camera.  Let's see. to put on the camera.  Let's see. Here we have the battery handle which has Here we have the battery handle which has Here we have the battery handle which has these clips that make [music] tripod-like, these clips that make [music] tripod-like, these clips that make [music] tripod-like, and you can also attach a tripod here. and you can also attach a tripod here. and you can also attach a tripod here. Let's go see how it looks here on the Let's go see how it looks here on the Let's go see how it looks here on the machine.  Just put it on. machine.  Just put it on. machine.  Just put it on. Great.  It becomes very compact this way.  Here Great.  It becomes very compact this way.  Here Great.  It becomes very compact this way.  Here we have the wide-angle lens.  Just put it we have the wide-angle lens.  Just put it we have the wide-angle lens.  Just put it in the machine.  [music] It's magnetic and it starts in the machine.  [music] It's magnetic and it starts in the machine.  [music] It's magnetic and it starts working right away.  Now let's test the working right away.  Now let's test the working right away.  Now let's test the camera and its quality.  [music] camera and its quality.  [music] camera and its quality.  [music] Let's go.  Now let's see what else is in Let's go.  Now let's see what else is in Let's go.  Now let's see what else is in the box.  Here we have the the box.  Here we have the the box.  Here we have the other standard handle without a power bank, which other standard handle without a power bank, which other standard handle without a power bank, which has the same functionality as the other one, has the same functionality as the other one, has the same functionality as the other one, except it doesn't have the power bank.  There's also except it doesn't have the power bank.  There's also except it doesn't have the power bank.  There's also a tripod underneath here.  You can a tripod underneath here.  You can a tripod underneath here.  You can attach a tripod, and here's this mini attach a tripod, and here's this mini attach a tripod, and here's this mini [music] tripod which is also identical to the [music] tripod which is also identical to the [music] tripod which is also identical to the other one.  Nice.  Here is a QR code with other one.  Nice.  Here is a QR code with other one.  Nice.  Here is a QR code with all the information about the camera.  And all the information about the camera.  And all the information about the camera.  And inside here we have an instruction manual. inside here we have an instruction manual. inside here we have an instruction manual. [music] Here we have a handle and here a [music] Here we have a handle and here a [music] Here we have a handle and here a USB-C to USB-C cable and USB-C to USB-C cable and USB-C to USB-C cable and instruction manual here [music] with more QR instruction manual here [music] with more QR instruction manual here [music] with more QR codes warranty.  And we also have two codes warranty.  And we also have two codes warranty.  And we also have two Insta 360 stickers here. Nice.  And now Insta 360 stickers here. Nice.  And now Insta 360 stickers here. Nice.  And now my favorite part of the camera is that my favorite part of the camera is that my favorite part of the camera is that you can take the screen off and you can take the screen off and you can take the screen off and have a screen so you can see have a screen so you can see have a screen so you can see that you're recording.  And up here we have that you're recording.  And up here we have that you're recording.  And up here we have the microphone.  You can [music] be far the microphone.  You can [music] be far the microphone.  You can [music] be far away from the camera and still have the microphone and away from the camera and still have the microphone and away from the camera and still have the microphone and record your video without bringing record your video without bringing record your video without bringing extra microphones, which is extra microphones, which is extra microphones, which is spectacular.  Just fit it together and it's done. spectacular.  Just fit it together and it's done. spectacular.  Just fit it together and it's done. Spectacular.  Here we have the Spectacular.  Here we have the Spectacular.  Here we have the record button, here to move the camera of the record button, here to move the camera of the record button, here to move the camera of the [music] gamble, and here is the zoom.  That's really cool [music] gamble, and here is the zoom.  That's really cool [music] gamble, and here is the zoom.  That's really cool .  Okay. First test with the .  Okay. First test with the .  Okay. First test with the camera remote off.  Here you can [music] camera remote off.  Here you can [music] camera remote off.  Here you can [music] see the screen.  This also serves as a see the screen.  This also serves as a see the screen.  This also serves as a microphone for the camera.  It's spectacular. microphone for the camera.  It's spectacular. microphone for the camera.  It's spectacular. We're here at the office, first test We're here at the office, first test We're here at the office, first test [of music] in 8K with the Insta 360 Luna [of music] in 8K with the Insta 360 Luna [of music] in 8K with the Insta 360 Luna Ultra.  That's really cool.  I'm using Ultra.  That's really cool.  I'm using Ultra.  That's really cool.  I'm using the Leica Natural [music] filter right now.  That's how it is the Leica Natural [music] filter right now.  That's how it is the Leica Natural [music] filter right now.  That's how it is with these colors in Office.  Let's with these colors in Office.  Let's with these colors in Office.  Let's try another filter now.  I like try another filter now.  I like try another filter now.  I like this one better.  This is the Leica [music] Ved.   It this one better.  This is the Leica [music] Ved.   It this one better.  This is the Leica [music] Ved.   It has warmer colors.  This has warmer colors.  This has warmer colors.  This [song] is Lake Chrome [song] is Lake Chrome [song] is Lake Chrome too.  Different, more sideways and too.  Different, more sideways and too.  Different, more sideways and pink.  This is the post-film version; it's darker, pink.  This is the post-film version; it's darker, pink.  This is the post-film version; it's darker, but it also has warmer colors [in the music] but it also has warmer colors [in the music] but it also has warmer colors [in the music] , right?  This is Neg Film, , right?  This is Neg Film, , right?  This is Neg Film, it's greener in color.  CC Film also looks it's greener in color.  CC Film also looks it's greener in color.  CC Film also looks good.  This, this is the NC film, also good.  This, this is the NC film, also good.  This, this is the NC film, also different, darker and greener.  This is different, darker and greener.  This is different, darker and greener.  This is Fresh. This last one [music] is This last one [music] is This last one [music] is Cinematic.  That also looks cool. I'm here now testing the 8K on the street. I'm here now testing the 8K on the street. I'm here now testing the 8K on the street. It's a very hot summer day, 25 degrees. This is the quality straight from the This is the quality straight from the This is the quality straight from the camera, without filters. camera, without filters. camera, without filters. Very cool. Let's test the zoom here.   I zoomed in three times.  Now it's six zoomed in three times.  Now it's six zoomed in three times.  Now it's six zooms away.   It's zooms away.   It's zooms away.   It's even closer. Nice. Nice. Nice. Okay, this is the video.  Like and Okay, this is the video.  Like and Okay, this is the video.  Like and subscribe to the channel and tap the subscribe to the channel and tap the subscribe to the channel and tap the bell icon here to receive notifications bell icon here to receive notifications bell icon here to receive notifications when I upload a new video.  Ciao