Hello, welcome to another video
here on my channel.
OK. Today's video sponsor is Insta
360. They sent me the Insta 360
Luna Ultra, which was designed with
Leica. It's an 8K gamble camera. Let's
do the unboxing. Stay and see.
Today's video sponsor is Insta 360.
They sent me the Insta 360 Luna
Ultra in partnership with Leica. This
camera, the unboxing of this box is very
simple, it's magnetic. Here we have the
Insta 360 [music] certification with
Leica and signatures from the Confounders.
This collaboration is really cool. Let's go see.
Here comes the camera with the protection [music] already
bet. Uh, nice.
Spectacular. There's a place here to put
the lenses. Great.
Nice.
Great. [music] Let's set up
now. Now click here once and
the camera will start following you.
It's spectacular. [music]
If you want to use the filters required by law,
I have to record in 4K here. Depis
tocam assim aqui e filters. You can
choose from several different options here, and
the filter will be added to the video. You can film
with the filter already applied. Let's test some out here
for you to see. Now let's take
a 360 photo of the church here. [music]
Take a picture.
One more photo.
Now let's take a close-up look at
this flower
further back.
I'm going to update the
camera's framework here now. While the
camera is updating, let's take a
look at the accessories. Here we have the battery
handle to attach to the camera, and there's
also a mini tripod already on the handle.
And we also have wide-angle lenses here
to put on the camera. Let's see.
Here we have the battery handle which has
these clips that make [music] tripod-like,
and you can also attach a tripod here.
Let's go see how it looks here on the
machine. Just put it on.
Great. It becomes very compact this way. Here
we have the wide-angle lens. Just put it
in the machine. [music] It's magnetic and it starts
working right away. Now let's test the
camera and its quality. [music]
Let's go. Now let's see what else is in
the box. Here we have the
other standard handle without a power bank, which
has the same functionality as the other one,
except it doesn't have the power bank. There's also
a tripod underneath here. You can
attach a tripod, and here's this mini
[music] tripod which is also identical to the
other one. Nice. Here is a QR code with
all the information about the camera. And
inside here we have an instruction manual.
[music] Here we have a handle and here a
USB-C to USB-C cable and
instruction manual here [music] with more QR
codes warranty. And we also have two
Insta 360 stickers here. Nice. And now
my favorite part of the camera is that
you can take the screen off and
have a screen so you can see
that you're recording. And up here we have
the microphone. You can [music] be far
away from the camera and still have the microphone and
record your video without bringing
extra microphones, which is
spectacular. Just fit it together and it's done.
Spectacular. Here we have the
record button, here to move the camera of the
[music] gamble, and here is the zoom. That's really cool
. Okay. First test with the
camera remote off. Here you can [music]
see the screen. This also serves as a
microphone for the camera. It's spectacular.
We're here at the office, first test
[of music] in 8K with the Insta 360 Luna
Ultra. That's really cool. I'm using
the Leica Natural [music] filter right now. That's how it is
with these colors in Office. Let's
try another filter now. I like
this one better. This is the Leica [music] Ved. It
has warmer colors. This
[song] is Lake Chrome
too. Different, more sideways and
pink. This is the post-film version; it's darker,
but it also has warmer colors [in the music]
, right? This is Neg Film,
it's greener in color. CC Film also looks
good. This, this is the NC film, also
different, darker and greener. This is
Fresh.
This last one [music] is
Cinematic. That also looks cool.
I'm here now testing the 8K on the street.
It's a very hot summer day, 25 degrees.
This is the quality straight from the
camera, without filters.
Very cool.
Let's test the zoom here. I
zoomed in three times. Now it's six
zooms away. It's
even closer.
Nice.
Okay, this is the video. Like and
subscribe to the channel and tap the
bell icon here to receive notifications
when I upload a new video. Ciao
