Get ready for the anniversary party. Today is Bhaiya Get ready for the anniversary party. Today is Bhaiya Get ready for the anniversary party. Today is Bhaiya Bhabhi's anniversary and we are going to the Bhabhi's anniversary and we are going to the Bhabhi's anniversary and we are going to the party, so let's get ready for it. party, so let's get ready for it. party, so let's get ready for it. So guys, today I will tell you about the best foundation. So guys, today I will tell you about the best foundation. So guys, today I will tell you about the best foundation. I have used many brands I have used many brands I have used many brands of foundation, but after foundation, I get a of foundation, but after foundation, I get a of foundation, but after foundation, I get a lot of pimples on my face. lot of pimples on my face. lot of pimples on my face. I went to Tarn Taran from there, I went to Tarn Taran from there, I went to Tarn Taran from there, Bhaiya gave me this foundation from Juke Studio, Bhaiya gave me this foundation from Juke Studio, Bhaiya gave me this foundation from Juke Studio, Oji. My God, what an ultimate Oji. My God, what an ultimate Oji. My God, what an ultimate foundation it is, it is very good. You can wear it the whole day, it does not foundation it is, it is very good. You can wear it the whole day, it does not foundation it is, it is very good. You can wear it the whole day, it does not cake at all. So guys, this is the cake at all. So guys, this is the cake at all. So guys, this is the foundation which I applied, it was foundation which I applied, it was foundation which I applied, it was ultimate for me, by God, so I thought why ultimate for me, by God, so I thought why ultimate for me, by God, so I thought why not share my experience with you. not share my experience with you. not share my experience with you. This is the highlighter from Smash Box, lip lip lip liner from Sugar. Makeup is done. Now let's wear jewellery. liner from Sugar. Makeup is done. Now let's wear jewellery. liner from Sugar. Makeup is done. Now let's wear jewellery. All my makeup is done. On top of this, I All my makeup is done. On top of this, I All my makeup is done. On top of this, I wore a long coat.