>> Good morning, everybody. Right now, I >> Good morning, everybody. Right now, I >> Good morning, everybody. Right now, I just woke up. To be honest, I haven't just woke up. To be honest, I haven't just woke up. To be honest, I haven't woken up at 6:00 in the morning in like woken up at 6:00 in the morning in like woken up at 6:00 in the morning in like months. Like, it's been so long. Mainly months. Like, it's been so long. Mainly months. Like, it's been so long. Mainly because like I just would rather [music] because like I just would rather [music] because like I just would rather [music] sleep in. But, today I really wanted to sleep in. But, today I really wanted to sleep in. But, today I really wanted to look nice and like and actually like get look nice and like and actually like get look nice and like and actually like get up kind of early. Basically, look good up kind of early. Basically, look good up kind of early. Basically, look good and feel good. Um I'm also sleeping on and feel good. Um I'm also sleeping on and feel good. Um I'm also sleeping on the opposite side of my bed because my the opposite side of my bed because my the opposite side of my bed because my charger doesn't work on this side charger doesn't work on this side charger doesn't work on this side and it works on the other side. So, I've and it works on the other side. So, I've and it works on the other side. So, I've been sleeping like all over the place been sleeping like all over the place been sleeping like all over the place recently. I do kind of have like a plan recently. I do kind of have like a plan recently. I do kind of have like a plan ish for what I want to do. Want to like ish for what I want to do. Want to like ish for what I want to do. Want to like curl my hair today. Like, again, I have curl my hair today. Like, again, I have curl my hair today. Like, again, I have not curled my hair for school in so not curled my hair for school in so not curled my hair for school in so long. So, yes, let's get ready together long. So, yes, let's get ready together long. So, yes, let's get ready together for school. for school. for school. >> [music] >> Yay! Okay, I'll open the blinds and like >> Yay! Okay, I'll open the blinds and like >> Yay! Okay, I'll open the blinds and like I feel more awake. I can't wait to start I feel more awake. I can't wait to start I feel more awake. I can't wait to start tanning. I look so pale. First things tanning. I look so pale. First things tanning. I look so pale. First things first, this is what I'm going to use. first, this is what I'm going to use. first, this is what I'm going to use. Wait, also, if I'm talking weird, I have Wait, also, if I'm talking weird, I have Wait, also, if I'm talking weird, I have my retainers in. Okay, little story my retainers in. Okay, little story my retainers in. Okay, little story time. I haven't worn my retainers in time. I haven't worn my retainers in time. I haven't worn my retainers in like a month and I guess they moved a like a month and I guess they moved a like a month and I guess they moved a lot, so now I have to wear it for 2 lot, so now I have to wear it for 2 lot, so now I have to wear it for 2 weeks straight [music] weeks straight [music] weeks straight [music] like all day. So, I'm going to do that. like all day. So, I'm going to do that. like all day. So, I'm going to do that. Oh. Oh. Oh. Okay, I'm just leave it on. Woah. [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Okay, my hair is complete. Look at my >> Okay, my hair is complete. Look at my >> Okay, my hair is complete. Look at my widow's peak, guys. I need to fix it. widow's peak, guys. I need to fix it. widow's peak, guys. I need to fix it. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> I'll be irritated while I'm editing it. >> I'll be irritated while I'm editing it. >> I'll be irritated while I'm editing it. Okay, next thing I have to do is pick Okay, next thing I have to do is pick Okay, next thing I have to do is pick out my outfit. Um I kind of also want to out my outfit. Um I kind of also want to out my outfit. Um I kind of also want to I Starbucks this morning. So, I either I Starbucks this morning. So, I either I Starbucks this morning. So, I either have for jeans. Guys, like I know I have for jeans. Guys, like I know I have for jeans. Guys, like I know I glaze Princess Polly so much and like I glaze Princess Polly so much and like I glaze Princess Polly so much and like I work with them a lot, but they genuinely work with them a lot, but they genuinely work with them a lot, but they genuinely have like my favorite pair of jeans. have like my favorite pair of jeans. have like my favorite pair of jeans. Like both of these I wear all the time. Like both of these I wear all the time. Like both of these I wear all the time. Princess Polly. Um so, we have a baggier Princess Polly. Um so, we have a baggier Princess Polly. Um so, we have a baggier pair and we have a little less baggier pair and we have a little less baggier pair and we have a little less baggier pair. These used to be my go-to, but I pair. These used to be my go-to, but I pair. These used to be my go-to, but I recently got these and I've been loving recently got these and I've been loving recently got these and I've been loving them. So, I think I'm going to wear them. So, I think I'm going to wear them. So, I think I'm going to wear them. Anyways, so I'm either debating them. Anyways, so I'm either debating them. Anyways, so I'm either debating between this top Hollister or this one. between this top Hollister or this one. between this top Hollister or this one. I had these picked out from last night, I had these picked out from last night, I had these picked out from last night, but I looked at the weather and it's but I looked at the weather and it's but I looked at the weather and it's going to be a little bit gloomier today. going to be a little bit gloomier today. going to be a little bit gloomier today. I feel like you can kind of tell a I feel like you can kind of tell a I feel like you can kind of tell a little bit from the lighting. I think little bit from the lighting. I think little bit from the lighting. I think I'm going to wear this one. And also I'm going to wear this one. And also I'm going to wear this one. And also like it gives [music] more curled hair like it gives [music] more curled hair like it gives [music] more curled hair like jeans. I don't know. I feel like like jeans. I don't know. I feel like like jeans. I don't know. I feel like this one gives more. We're going to get this one gives more. We're going to get this one gives more. We're going to get dressed and then we're going to start my dressed and then we're going to start my dressed and then we're going to start my makeup. Now, we get to talk about makeup. Now, we get to talk about makeup. Now, we get to talk about school. I took out my retainers right school. I took out my retainers right school. I took out my retainers right now so I could talk better. I feel like now so I could talk better. I feel like now so I could talk better. I feel like so much has happened so much has happened so much has happened >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> since last time I did a get ready with >> since last time I did a get ready with >> since last time I did a get ready with me. Low-key like school-wise, life-wise, me. Low-key like school-wise, life-wise, me. Low-key like school-wise, life-wise, everything-wise. Okay, I don't even everything-wise. Okay, I don't even everything-wise. Okay, I don't even remember the last time I talked to you remember the last time I talked to you remember the last time I talked to you guys like sat down and talked to you guys like sat down and talked to you guys like sat down and talked to you guys, but let's just talk about junior guys, but let's just talk about junior guys, but let's just talk about junior year as a whole and like how it's going year as a whole and like how it's going year as a whole and like how it's going so far and like how I've experienced it. so far and like how I've experienced it. so far and like how I've experienced it. This has been my hardest year yet. I This has been my hardest year yet. I This has been my hardest year yet. I would say mainly in terms of school, but would say mainly in terms of school, but would say mainly in terms of school, but like also like stress-wise. Especially like also like stress-wise. Especially like also like stress-wise. Especially the second half of the year. Mainly just the second half of the year. Mainly just the second half of the year. Mainly just because of like time. Like I felt like because of like time. Like I felt like because of like time. Like I felt like this whole year I've had so much to do this whole year I've had so much to do this whole year I've had so much to do and not enough time to do it. Magically, and not enough time to do it. Magically, and not enough time to do it. Magically, miraculously, I have pulled through and miraculously, I have pulled through and miraculously, I have pulled through and I've been able to get everything done. I've been able to get everything done. I've been able to get everything done. Genuinely, it's been like a struggle. Genuinely, it's been like a struggle. Genuinely, it's been like a struggle. That's okay. Like I'm kind of glad I'm That's okay. Like I'm kind of glad I'm That's okay. Like I'm kind of glad I'm going through it right now. I feel like going through it right now. I feel like going through it right now. I feel like it's kind of like grown me a lot. Like it's kind of like grown me a lot. Like it's kind of like grown me a lot. Like how to manage certain things and like how to manage certain things and like how to manage certain things and like with my time and stuff. So, there's with my time and stuff. So, there's with my time and stuff. So, there's that. And I know it's not just me. I that. And I know it's not just me. I that. And I know it's not just me. I know like most people their junior year know like most people their junior year know like most people their junior year it's the hardest. Like I've always heard it's the hardest. Like I've always heard it's the hardest. Like I've always heard junior year is the hardest and that made junior year is the hardest and that made junior year is the hardest and that made me really scared going into junior year me really scared going into junior year me really scared going into junior year because like obviously like you know, because like obviously like you know, because like obviously like you know, your grades matter the most your junior your grades matter the most your junior your grades matter the most your junior year for college and whatnot. And I year for college and whatnot. And I year for college and whatnot. And I think just people take junior year think just people take junior year think just people take junior year school wise more seriously. However, it school wise more seriously. However, it school wise more seriously. However, it has been my most fun year yet. As you has been my most fun year yet. As you has been my most fun year yet. As you guys know, I got my license last year. guys know, I got my license last year. guys know, I got my license last year. It's about to be a year since I've had It's about to be a year since I've had It's about to be a year since I've had my license in about like a month. Your my license in about like a month. Your my license in about like a month. Your license gives you so much freedom like license gives you so much freedom like license gives you so much freedom like not in a bad way. I'm not trying to say not in a bad way. I'm not trying to say not in a bad way. I'm not trying to say it like it's a bad thing like to have it like it's a bad thing like to have it like it's a bad thing like to have like the freedom that you want cuz like the freedom that you want cuz like the freedom that you want cuz obviously I still have obviously I still have obviously I still have rules and stuff with my license. In a rules and stuff with my license. In a rules and stuff with my license. In a way having my license actually felt more way having my license actually felt more way having my license actually felt more like older that makes sense cuz I feel like older that makes sense cuz I feel like older that makes sense cuz I feel like drive myself places and stuff. Are like drive myself places and stuff. Are like drive myself places and stuff. Are you guys are scared about getting your you guys are scared about getting your you guys are scared about getting your license? Cuz I was too. I was like license? Cuz I was too. I was like license? Cuz I was too. I was like really scared about like the road and really scared about like the road and really scared about like the road and stuff like guys, I literally knew stuff like guys, I literally knew stuff like guys, I literally knew nothing about like how the road works. nothing about like how the road works. nothing about like how the road works. Okay, I don't know how my brows look but Okay, I don't know how my brows look but Okay, I don't know how my brows look but I don't really care. But I feel like I don't really care. But I feel like I don't really care. But I feel like this year like I was able to like yes, this year like I was able to like yes, this year like I was able to like yes, it was more stressful because like I had it was more stressful because like I had it was more stressful because like I had to manage my time a lot more but I was to manage my time a lot more but I was to manage my time a lot more but I was definitely able to like go out with like definitely able to like go out with like definitely able to like go out with like my friends more. I really prioritize my friends more. I really prioritize my friends more. I really prioritize friends this year. But if I'm thinking friends this year. But if I'm thinking friends this year. But if I'm thinking about it like it was worth it cuz I was about it like it was worth it cuz I was about it like it was worth it cuz I was able to make so many more memories this able to make so many more memories this able to make so many more memories this year which I feel like I never really year which I feel like I never really year which I feel like I never really had like my other years. But school wise had like my other years. But school wise had like my other years. But school wise I just had state testing not that long I just had state testing not that long I just had state testing not that long ago like literally last week and I have ago like literally last week and I have ago like literally last week and I have AP testing next week. This last half of AP testing next week. This last half of AP testing next week. This last half of the year has been like wow, there's the year has been like wow, there's the year has been like wow, there's [music] been so much like school work [music] been so much like school work [music] been so much like school work like I don't know what they're on. like I don't know what they're on. like I don't know what they're on. Updates wise like recent life updates, I Updates wise like recent life updates, I Updates wise like recent life updates, I went to prom. I posted a prom vlog not went to prom. I posted a prom vlog not went to prom. I posted a prom vlog not too long ago. So if you guys go on my too long ago. So if you guys go on my too long ago. So if you guys go on my channel, I literally just posted like my channel, I literally just posted like my channel, I literally just posted like my prom process like the night before and prom process like the night before and prom process like the night before and then also the day of when I got ready. then also the day of when I got ready. then also the day of when I got ready. And prom was so much fun. The only thing And prom was so much fun. The only thing And prom was so much fun. The only thing kind of sucks is like our DJ no shade kind of sucks is like our DJ no shade kind of sucks is like our DJ no shade but like our DJ was not it. I just don't but like our DJ was not it. I just don't but like our DJ was not it. I just don't think they knew how to like mix music. think they knew how to like mix music. think they knew how to like mix music. Like they did not know how to blend the Like they did not know how to blend the Like they did not know how to blend the music together. They just like would music together. They just like would music together. They just like would play the whole song through. Can you play the whole song through. Can you play the whole song through. Can you believe that? The whole song through believe that? The whole song through believe that? The whole song through like no fade no nothing. I want to do like no fade no nothing. I want to do like no fade no nothing. I want to do another get ready with me like before another get ready with me like before another get ready with me like before school ends. So, I'm not going to do my school ends. So, I'm not going to do my school ends. So, I'm not going to do my advice yet. Like I was about to, but I advice yet. Like I was about to, but I advice yet. Like I was about to, but I was like, wait no. That's for like was like, wait no. That's for like was like, wait no. That's for like another time. Guys, let me vent about my another time. Guys, let me vent about my another time. Guys, let me vent about my grades for a second. Okay, my goal, my grades for a second. Okay, my goal, my grades for a second. Okay, my goal, my only goal I had school wise this year only goal I had school wise this year only goal I had school wise this year was to get straight A's both semesters. was to get straight A's both semesters. was to get straight A's both semesters. My first semester I got straight A's. My first semester I got straight A's. My first semester I got straight A's. I've never gotten straight A's before I've never gotten straight A's before I've never gotten straight A's before like there's always some B's. Okay, I like there's always some B's. Okay, I like there's always some B's. Okay, I know I could have, but I just did not know I could have, but I just did not know I could have, but I just did not like care about it so much and I wish I like care about it so much and I wish I like care about it so much and I wish I did because I could have gotten so many did because I could have gotten so many did because I could have gotten so many easy A's. Now, I have all A's easy A's. Now, I have all A's easy A's. Now, I have all A's except my AP Lang class. Mainly except my AP Lang class. Mainly except my AP Lang class. Mainly everybody in that class has a B, but I everybody in that class has a B, but I everybody in that class has a B, but I am just irritated because like that's my am just irritated because like that's my am just irritated because like that's my one goal, like my literally one goal and one goal, like my literally one goal and one goal, like my literally one goal and I don't think I'm going to reach it just I don't think I'm going to reach it just I don't think I'm going to reach it just because like my teacher is very like she because like my teacher is very like she because like my teacher is very like she treats it like a college like you know treats it like a college like you know treats it like a college like you know if you miss work like she's not going to if you miss work like she's not going to if you miss work like she's not going to grade it, which is like understandable. grade it, which is like understandable. grade it, which is like understandable. However, However, However, I still want my grade to be an A. That's I still want my grade to be an A. That's I still want my grade to be an A. That's like my biggest thing that I'm like like my biggest thing that I'm like like my biggest thing that I'm like annoyed about right now is just my annoyed about right now is just my annoyed about right now is just my grades. So, earlier I was talking about grades. So, earlier I was talking about grades. So, earlier I was talking about how I haven't been putting like that how I haven't been putting like that how I haven't been putting like that much like effort to look good at school, much like effort to look good at school, much like effort to look good at school, but that kind of ties into again to like but that kind of ties into again to like but that kind of ties into again to like stress. Like I have been going to sleep. stress. Like I have been going to sleep. stress. Like I have been going to sleep. Guys, I've been going to sleep at like Guys, I've been going to sleep at like Guys, I've been going to sleep at like one or two every single day. Like it's one or two every single day. Like it's one or two every single day. Like it's not okay. And it's literally just not okay. And it's literally just not okay. And it's literally just because like I have school work and I because like I have school work and I because like I have school work and I also have like also have like also have like YouTube videos to edit. I enjoy it. Like YouTube videos to edit. I enjoy it. Like YouTube videos to edit. I enjoy it. Like I enjoy the YouTube part, not the school I enjoy the YouTube part, not the school I enjoy the YouTube part, not the school part obviously, but I kind of like the part obviously, but I kind of like the part obviously, but I kind of like the late nights of like staying up to do late nights of like staying up to do late nights of like staying up to do stuff. I just don't like the mornings stuff. I just don't like the mornings stuff. I just don't like the mornings because I get tired. Big change I guess because I get tired. Big change I guess because I get tired. Big change I guess about myself is the fact that I've been about myself is the fact that I've been about myself is the fact that I've been like so much more comfortable to not like so much more comfortable to not like so much more comfortable to not wear makeup to school. Since like eighth wear makeup to school. Since like eighth wear makeup to school. Since like eighth grade, I think I've always worn makeup grade, I think I've always worn makeup grade, I think I've always worn makeup to school until like this past year. to school until like this past year. to school until like this past year. Like I still do wear a little bit of Like I still do wear a little bit of Like I still do wear a little bit of makeup, but it's definitely way less makeup, but it's definitely way less makeup, but it's definitely way less than like I always have done. Now most than like I always have done. Now most than like I always have done. Now most days I'll just do my brows with the brow days I'll just do my brows with the brow days I'll just do my brows with the brow gel and then mascara and then call it a gel and then mascara and then call it a gel and then mascara and then call it a day. At school, that's what I do, but day. At school, that's what I do, but day. At school, that's what I do, but I've also gotten more comfortable like I've also gotten more comfortable like I've also gotten more comfortable like going out with like zero makeup. Like I going out with like zero makeup. Like I going out with like zero makeup. Like I literally just get out of bed and then literally just get out of bed and then literally just get out of bed and then go, which is something I've never done go, which is something I've never done go, which is something I've never done before and I'm very like happy about it before and I'm very like happy about it before and I'm very like happy about it because I'm like able to feel more because I'm like able to feel more because I'm like able to feel more comfortable. And just a reminder, like comfortable. And just a reminder, like comfortable. And just a reminder, like we're all beautiful in our own ways. we're all beautiful in our own ways. we're all beautiful in our own ways. Something that I truly believe in is Something that I truly believe in is Something that I truly believe in is like I literally see beauty in like I literally see beauty in like I literally see beauty in everybody. I don't know how to explain everybody. I don't know how to explain everybody. I don't know how to explain it, but I just I truly [music] think it, but I just I truly [music] think it, but I just I truly [music] think everyone is beautiful. Like I see it in everyone is beautiful. Like I see it in everyone is beautiful. Like I see it in everyone. So, that's just a reminder everyone. So, that's just a reminder everyone. So, that's just a reminder that I kind of wanted to talk about that I kind of wanted to talk about that I kind of wanted to talk about because I don't know, I feel like it's because I don't know, I feel like it's because I don't know, I feel like it's so like easy to get caught in that. You so like easy to get caught in that. You so like easy to get caught in that. You guys are all beautiful. Don't forget guys are all beautiful. Don't forget guys are all beautiful. Don't forget that. Don't ever forget that. And if you that. Don't ever forget that. And if you that. Don't ever forget that. And if you need a reminder, I'm here to remind you need a reminder, I'm here to remind you need a reminder, I'm here to remind you because we all deserve like to feel because we all deserve like to feel because we all deserve like to feel beautiful because we are. Hello. Here's beautiful because we are. Hello. Here's beautiful because we are. Hello. Here's my little spiel of today. Like biggest my little spiel of today. Like biggest my little spiel of today. Like biggest update is that I've been feeling like update is that I've been feeling like update is that I've been feeling like really happy. really happy. really happy. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Stress, yes, but happiness is also yes. >> Stress, yes, but happiness is also yes. >> Stress, yes, but happiness is also yes. Okay, so my camera over here. We're Okay, so my camera over here. We're Okay, so my camera over here. We're going to take on our curls right here. I going to take on our curls right here. I going to take on our curls right here. I don't know how this is going to look, so don't know how this is going to look, so don't know how this is going to look, so don't judge too hard. Woo! I can't tell Woo! I can't tell Woo! I can't tell if I like it. It's cute. I like it. if I like it. It's cute. I like it. if I like it. It's cute. I like it. Okay, so boom. Anyways, let's finish off Okay, so boom. Anyways, let's finish off Okay, so boom. Anyways, let's finish off like my get ready process cuz I want to like my get ready process cuz I want to like my get ready process cuz I want to try to leave soon. First, I'm going to try to leave soon. First, I'm going to try to leave soon. First, I'm going to start with my earrings. I have these start with my earrings. I have these start with my earrings. I have these Coach earrings that my grandma got me. I Coach earrings that my grandma got me. I Coach earrings that my grandma got me. I wear them like every single day. All wear them like every single day. All wear them like every single day. All right, next, my Apple Watch, a little right, next, my Apple Watch, a little right, next, my Apple Watch, a little bit of some perfume. This has been my bit of some perfume. This has been my bit of some perfume. This has been my new favorite. My friend Mariah put me new favorite. My friend Mariah put me new favorite. My friend Mariah put me on. I know she watches my videos, so I on. I know she watches my videos, so I on. I know she watches my videos, so I don't know if she's going to watch this don't know if she's going to watch this don't know if she's going to watch this one, but one, but one, but beach skin. Okay, I'm honestly really beach skin. Okay, I'm honestly really beach skin. Okay, I'm honestly really feeling Birkenstocks, so I think I'm feeling Birkenstocks, so I think I'm feeling Birkenstocks, so I think I'm going to wear Birkenstocks. Um they're going to wear Birkenstocks. Um they're going to wear Birkenstocks. Um they're my knockoff Birkenstocks, so my knockoff Birkenstocks, so my knockoff Birkenstocks, so Uh next, I need to get some clothes cuz Uh next, I need to get some clothes cuz Uh next, I need to get some clothes cuz I have dance today. Oh my gosh, I forgot I have dance today. Oh my gosh, I forgot I have dance today. Oh my gosh, I forgot this month is AAPI month. Happy AAPI this month is AAPI month. Happy AAPI this month is AAPI month. Happy AAPI month, everybody. I'm going to wear this month, everybody. I'm going to wear this month, everybody. I'm going to wear this in honor of this month. >> [music] >> These Danish's from Costco >> These Danish's from Costco >> These Danish's from Costco so good. You get a whole one. so good. You get a whole one. so good. You get a whole one. Okay, I filled up my water and then I Okay, I filled up my water and then I Okay, I filled up my water and then I forgot I had Chipotle Lay's. So, I'm forgot I had Chipotle Lay's. So, I'm forgot I had Chipotle Lay's. So, I'm going to eat some Chipotle and then going to eat some Chipotle and then going to eat some Chipotle and then these are my snacks for today. I have a these are my snacks for today. I have a these are my snacks for today. I have a barbell bar. This one's my favorite and barbell bar. This one's my favorite and barbell bar. This one's my favorite and then Hillshire Farms also my favorite. then Hillshire Farms also my favorite. then Hillshire Farms also my favorite. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. You guys, I spent like a solid 5 10 You guys, I spent like a solid 5 10 You guys, I spent like a solid 5 10 minutes trying to look for my keys for minutes trying to look for my keys for minutes trying to look for my keys for the car and they were hiding on my seat. the car and they were hiding on my seat. the car and they were hiding on my seat. So, no time for Starbucks, which is So, no time for Starbucks, which is So, no time for Starbucks, which is fine. I forgot I had this though. It's fine. I forgot I had this though. It's fine. I forgot I had this though. It's kombucha. I've never tried pink lady. I kombucha. I've never tried pink lady. I kombucha. I've never tried pink lady. I think I tried like a different one last think I tried like a different one last think I tried like a different one last time. So, I'm going to try it. Kombucha time. So, I'm going to try it. Kombucha time. So, I'm going to try it. Kombucha to me is not horrible. I know there's to me is not horrible. I know there's to me is not horrible. I know there's some people that can't tolerate it, but some people that can't tolerate it, but some people that can't tolerate it, but I can tolerate it. Okay, also let's have I can tolerate it. Okay, also let's have I can tolerate it. Okay, also let's have a bite together. Next. Wait, [music] it's kind of yummy. Like Wait, [music] it's kind of yummy. Like Wait, [music] it's kind of yummy. Like why is it actually good? It's kind of why is it actually good? It's kind of why is it actually good? It's kind of like vinegary, I guess, but I like it. like vinegary, I guess, but I like it. like vinegary, I guess, but I like it. So, that is going to be all for today's So, that is going to be all for today's So, that is going to be all for today's video. I really hope you guys enjoyed video. I really hope you guys enjoyed video. I really hope you guys enjoyed this little get ready with me. I miss this little get ready with me. I miss this little get ready with me. I miss making these. I feel like I get caught making these. I feel like I get caught making these. I feel like I get caught up with like other videos to film that I up with like other videos to film that I up with like other videos to film that I literally forgot about get ready with me literally forgot about get ready with me literally forgot about get ready with me and they're so fun to film. So, I'm and they're so fun to film. So, I'm and they're so fun to film. So, I'm probably going to do some soon before probably going to do some soon before probably going to do some soon before this year ends and definitely a lot my this year ends and definitely a lot my this year ends and definitely a lot my senior year. Um I really want to try to senior year. Um I really want to try to senior year. Um I really want to try to film like a lot of school vlogs next film like a lot of school vlogs next film like a lot of school vlogs next year just because, you know, it's my year just because, you know, it's my year just because, you know, it's my last year in high school and I really last year in high school and I really last year in high school and I really kind of want to make the most out of it. kind of want to make the most out of it. kind of want to make the most out of it. You guys will see a lot of like school You guys will see a lot of like school You guys will see a lot of like school related vlogs next year. Thank you guys related vlogs next year. Thank you guys related vlogs next year. Thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you guys so much for watching. I hope you guys so much for watching. I hope you guys enjoyed and I'll see you guys in my next enjoyed and I'll see you guys in my next enjoyed and I'll see you guys in my next video. Bye. >> [music]