Good morning, everybody. Right now, I
just woke up. To be honest, I haven't
woken up at 6:00 in the morning in like
months. Like, it's been so long. Mainly
because like I just would rather [music]
sleep in. But, today I really wanted to
look nice and like and actually like get
up kind of early. Basically, look good
and feel good. Um I'm also sleeping on
the opposite side of my bed because my
charger doesn't work on this side
and it works on the other side. So, I've
been sleeping like all over the place
recently. I do kind of have like a plan
ish for what I want to do. Want to like
curl my hair today. Like, again, I have
not curled my hair for school in so
long. So, yes, let's get ready together
for school.
Yay! Okay, I'll open the blinds and like
I feel more awake. I can't wait to start
tanning. I look so pale. First things
first, this is what I'm going to use.
Wait, also, if I'm talking weird, I have
my retainers in. Okay, little story
time. I haven't worn my retainers in
like a month and I guess they moved a
lot, so now I have to wear it for 2
weeks straight [music]
like all day. So, I'm going to do that.
Oh.
Okay, I'm just leave it on.
Woah. [music]
Okay, my hair is complete. Look at my
widow's peak, guys. I need to fix it.
I'll be irritated while I'm editing it.
Okay, next thing I have to do is pick
out my outfit. Um I kind of also want to
I Starbucks this morning. So, I either
have for jeans. Guys, like I know I
glaze Princess Polly so much and like I
work with them a lot, but they genuinely
have like my favorite pair of jeans.
Like both of these I wear all the time.
Princess Polly. Um so, we have a baggier
pair and we have a little less baggier
pair. These used to be my go-to, but I
recently got these and I've been loving
them. So, I think I'm going to wear
them. Anyways, so I'm either debating
between this top Hollister or this one.
I had these picked out from last night,
but I looked at the weather and it's
going to be a little bit gloomier today.
I feel like you can kind of tell a
little bit from the lighting. I think
I'm going to wear this one. And also
like it gives [music] more curled hair
like jeans. I don't know. I feel like
this one gives more. We're going to get
dressed and then we're going to start my
makeup. Now, we get to talk about
school. I took out my retainers right
now so I could talk better. I feel like
so much has happened
since last time I did a get ready with
me. Low-key like school-wise, life-wise,
everything-wise. Okay, I don't even
remember the last time I talked to you
guys like sat down and talked to you
guys, but let's just talk about junior
year as a whole and like how it's going
so far and like how I've experienced it.
This has been my hardest year yet. I
would say mainly in terms of school, but
like also like stress-wise. Especially
the second half of the year. Mainly just
because of like time. Like I felt like
this whole year I've had so much to do
and not enough time to do it. Magically,
miraculously, I have pulled through and
I've been able to get everything done.
Genuinely, it's been like a struggle.
That's okay. Like I'm kind of glad I'm
going through it right now. I feel like
it's kind of like grown me a lot. Like
how to manage certain things and like
with my time and stuff. So, there's
that. And I know it's not just me. I
know like most people their junior year
it's the hardest. Like I've always heard
junior year is the hardest and that made
me really scared going into junior year
because like obviously like you know,
your grades matter the most your junior
year for college and whatnot. And I
think just people take junior year
school wise more seriously. However, it
has been my most fun year yet. As you
guys know, I got my license last year.
It's about to be a year since I've had
my license in about like a month. Your
license gives you so much freedom like
not in a bad way. I'm not trying to say
it like it's a bad thing like to have
like the freedom that you want cuz
obviously I still have
rules and stuff with my license. In a
way having my license actually felt more
like older that makes sense cuz I feel
like drive myself places and stuff. Are
you guys are scared about getting your
license? Cuz I was too. I was like
really scared about like the road and
stuff like guys, I literally knew
nothing about like how the road works.
Okay, I don't know how my brows look but
I don't really care. But I feel like
this year like I was able to like yes,
it was more stressful because like I had
to manage my time a lot more but I was
definitely able to like go out with like
my friends more. I really prioritize
friends this year. But if I'm thinking
about it like it was worth it cuz I was
able to make so many more memories this
year which I feel like I never really
had like my other years. But school wise
I just had state testing not that long
ago like literally last week and I have
AP testing next week. This last half of
the year has been like wow, there's
[music] been so much like school work
like I don't know what they're on.
Updates wise like recent life updates, I
went to prom. I posted a prom vlog not
too long ago. So if you guys go on my
channel, I literally just posted like my
prom process like the night before and
then also the day of when I got ready.
And prom was so much fun. The only thing
kind of sucks is like our DJ no shade
but like our DJ was not it. I just don't
think they knew how to like mix music.
Like they did not know how to blend the
music together. They just like would
play the whole song through. Can you
believe that? The whole song through
like no fade no nothing. I want to do
another get ready with me like before
school ends. So, I'm not going to do my
advice yet. Like I was about to, but I
was like, wait no. That's for like
another time. Guys, let me vent about my
grades for a second. Okay, my goal, my
only goal I had school wise this year
was to get straight A's both semesters.
My first semester I got straight A's.
I've never gotten straight A's before
like there's always some B's. Okay, I
know I could have, but I just did not
like care about it so much and I wish I
did because I could have gotten so many
easy A's. Now, I have all A's
except my AP Lang class. Mainly
everybody in that class has a B, but I
am just irritated because like that's my
one goal, like my literally one goal and
I don't think I'm going to reach it just
because like my teacher is very like she
treats it like a college like you know
if you miss work like she's not going to
grade it, which is like understandable.
However,
I still want my grade to be an A. That's
like my biggest thing that I'm like
annoyed about right now is just my
grades. So, earlier I was talking about
how I haven't been putting like that
much like effort to look good at school,
but that kind of ties into again to like
stress. Like I have been going to sleep.
Guys, I've been going to sleep at like
one or two every single day. Like it's
not okay. And it's literally just
because like I have school work and I
also have like
YouTube videos to edit. I enjoy it. Like
I enjoy the YouTube part, not the school
part obviously, but I kind of like the
late nights of like staying up to do
stuff. I just don't like the mornings
because I get tired. Big change I guess
about myself is the fact that I've been
like so much more comfortable to not
wear makeup to school. Since like eighth
grade, I think I've always worn makeup
to school until like this past year.
Like I still do wear a little bit of
makeup, but it's definitely way less
than like I always have done. Now most
days I'll just do my brows with the brow
gel and then mascara and then call it a
day. At school, that's what I do, but
I've also gotten more comfortable like
going out with like zero makeup. Like I
literally just get out of bed and then
go, which is something I've never done
before and I'm very like happy about it
because I'm like able to feel more
comfortable. And just a reminder, like
we're all beautiful in our own ways.
Something that I truly believe in is
like I literally see beauty in
everybody. I don't know how to explain
it, but I just I truly [music] think
everyone is beautiful. Like I see it in
everyone. So, that's just a reminder
that I kind of wanted to talk about
because I don't know, I feel like it's
so like easy to get caught in that. You
guys are all beautiful. Don't forget
that. Don't ever forget that. And if you
need a reminder, I'm here to remind you
because we all deserve like to feel
beautiful because we are. Hello. Here's
my little spiel of today. Like biggest
update is that I've been feeling like
really happy.
Stress, yes, but happiness is also yes.
Okay, so my camera over here. We're
going to take on our curls right here. I
don't know how this is going to look, so
don't judge too hard.
Woo! I can't tell
if I like it. It's cute. I like it.
Okay, so boom. Anyways, let's finish off
like my get ready process cuz I want to
try to leave soon. First, I'm going to
start with my earrings. I have these
Coach earrings that my grandma got me. I
wear them like every single day. All
right, next, my Apple Watch, a little
bit of some perfume. This has been my
new favorite. My friend Mariah put me
on. I know she watches my videos, so I
don't know if she's going to watch this
one, but
beach skin. Okay, I'm honestly really
feeling Birkenstocks, so I think I'm
going to wear Birkenstocks. Um they're
my knockoff Birkenstocks, so
Uh next, I need to get some clothes cuz
I have dance today. Oh my gosh, I forgot
this month is AAPI month. Happy AAPI
month, everybody. I'm going to wear this
in honor of this month.
These Danish's from Costco
so good. You get a whole one.
Okay, I filled up my water and then I
forgot I had Chipotle Lay's. So, I'm
going to eat some Chipotle and then
these are my snacks for today. I have a
barbell bar. This one's my favorite and
then Hillshire Farms also my favorite.
Let's go.
You guys, I spent like a solid 5 10
minutes trying to look for my keys for
the car and they were hiding on my seat.
So, no time for Starbucks, which is
fine. I forgot I had this though. It's
kombucha. I've never tried pink lady. I
think I tried like a different one last
time. So, I'm going to try it. Kombucha
to me is not horrible. I know there's
some people that can't tolerate it, but
I can tolerate it. Okay, also let's have
a bite together.
Next.
Wait, [music] it's kind of yummy. Like
why is it actually good? It's kind of
like vinegary, I guess, but I like it.
So, that is going to be all for today's
video. I really hope you guys enjoyed
this little get ready with me. I miss
making these. I feel like I get caught
up with like other videos to film that I
literally forgot about get ready with me
and they're so fun to film. So, I'm
probably going to do some soon before
this year ends and definitely a lot my
senior year. Um I really want to try to
film like a lot of school vlogs next
year just because, you know, it's my
last year in high school and I really
kind of want to make the most out of it.
You guys will see a lot of like school
related vlogs next year. Thank you guys
so much for watching. I hope you guys
enjoyed and I'll see you guys in my next
video. Bye.
