This is the everyday seamless collection This is the everyday seamless collection This is the everyday seamless collection from Gymshark in strength pink. So cute. from Gymshark in strength pink. So cute. from Gymshark in strength pink. So cute. And of course we have a Gymshark And of course we have a Gymshark And of course we have a Gymshark quarter-zip. >> [music] >> Good morning, everybody. I just got back >> Good morning, everybody. I just got back >> Good morning, everybody. I just got back from my bike ride with my dad. Now I'm from my bike ride with my dad. Now I'm from my bike ride with my dad. Now I'm going to make him a breakfast sandwich going to make him a breakfast sandwich going to make him a breakfast sandwich for the road before I head to the gym for the road before I head to the gym for the road before I head to the gym and get weights. and get weights. and get weights. >> [sighs] >> [sighs] >> [sighs] >> So it's hard. And get my weights done. This is the secret ingredient. If you This is the secret ingredient. If you This is the secret ingredient. If you know, you know. Oh, it sucks being short. >> Thank you, buddy. >> Thank you, buddy. >> Thank you, buddy. >> You're welcome. >> You're welcome. >> You're welcome. >> Wow, it's such a treat. >> Now I'm off to the gym. I'm going to be >> Now I'm off to the gym. I'm going to be >> Now I'm off to the gym. I'm going to be honest, like I really don't want to go honest, like I really don't want to go honest, like I really don't want to go today. today. today. My sister normally goes with me, but My sister normally goes with me, but My sister normally goes with me, but she's been feeling under the weather she's been feeling under the weather she's been feeling under the weather recently. I'm going solo today. Really recently. I'm going solo today. Really recently. I'm going solo today. Really having to dig deep for this one. Like I having to dig deep for this one. Like I having to dig deep for this one. Like I didn't even want to go on a bike ride didn't even want to go on a bike ride didn't even want to go on a bike ride today. I didn't even want to go on a today. I didn't even want to go on a today. I didn't even want to go on a bike ride, but I do know I'm going to bike ride, but I do know I'm going to bike ride, but I do know I'm going to feel so much better when I go to the gym feel so much better when I go to the gym feel so much better when I go to the gym and get it done. Oh, I forgot a ring and get it done. Oh, I forgot a ring and get it done. Oh, I forgot a ring cover for my war rain. cover for my war rain. cover for my war rain. >> [sighs] >> [sighs] >> [sighs] >> Please tell me I have one in my bag. >> Please tell me I have one in my bag. >> Please tell me I have one in my bag. Stuff like this that will make me Stuff like this that will make me Stuff like this that will make me literally just leave. No. Ah, yes. Ah, yes. Ah, yes. Oh, sorry. Thank the Lord, we have a Oh, sorry. Thank the Lord, we have a Oh, sorry. Thank the Lord, we have a rain cover. All right, let's go to the rain cover. All right, let's go to the rain cover. All right, let's go to the gym before I have any more time to think gym before I have any more time to think gym before I have any more time to think about quitting and not going, and I'll about quitting and not going, and I'll about quitting and not going, and I'll be back. >> [music] >> Oh my gosh, literally not a single part >> Oh my gosh, literally not a single part >> Oh my gosh, literally not a single part of me wanted to go in and do that, but of me wanted to go in and do that, but of me wanted to go in and do that, but I'm so so so glad that I did. Like I I'm so so so glad that I did. Like I I'm so so so glad that I did. Like I feel so good right now. I got an amazing feel so good right now. I got an amazing feel so good right now. I got an amazing sweat in, feeling great. Hey. >> [music] >> Hello girl. >> Hello girl. >> Hello girl. I can't believe we are reaching the end I can't believe we are reaching the end I can't believe we are reaching the end of August. Like I'm not okay about that. of August. Like I'm not okay about that. of August. Like I'm not okay about that. Actually, I'm going down to New York at Actually, I'm going down to New York at Actually, I'm going down to New York at the end of this month for my friend the end of this month for my friend the end of this month for my friend Cindy's birthday, and also to meet with Cindy's birthday, and also to meet with Cindy's birthday, and also to meet with my new management. I just signed to a my new management. I just signed to a my new management. I just signed to a new at talent agency. I'm going to have new at talent agency. I'm going to have new at talent agency. I'm going to have a way bigger team backing me than I did a way bigger team backing me than I did a way bigger team backing me than I did before. So previously, I was signed to before. So previously, I was signed to before. So previously, I was signed to Select Management Group, which is based Select Management Group, which is based Select Management Group, which is based out of California. Now I'm currently out of California. Now I'm currently out of California. Now I'm currently signed to Dulcedo. They are based out of signed to Dulcedo. They are based out of signed to Dulcedo. They are based out of Canada, I think, but they have a lot of Canada, I think, but they have a lot of Canada, I think, but they have a lot of offices in like the northeast of offices in like the northeast of offices in like the northeast of America. So, my team, I get a team of America. So, my team, I get a team of America. So, my team, I get a team of seven people all with expertise in seven people all with expertise in seven people all with expertise in different sectors and they're based out different sectors and they're based out different sectors and they're based out of New York. So, when I go down to New of New York. So, when I go down to New of New York. So, when I go down to New York, I'm so excited because I'm going York, I'm so excited because I'm going York, I'm so excited because I'm going to be able to meet one of my team to be able to meet one of my team to be able to meet one of my team members. Unfortunately, my new manager members. Unfortunately, my new manager members. Unfortunately, my new manager won't be in town, but I'm so excited for won't be in town, but I'm so excited for won't be in town, but I'm so excited for this new chapter. I have been this new chapter. I have been this new chapter. I have been self-managing for the past year, I want self-managing for the past year, I want self-managing for the past year, I want to say. Nothing bad to say about Select. to say. Nothing bad to say about Select. to say. Nothing bad to say about Select. I just think Select Management Group was I just think Select Management Group was I just think Select Management Group was perfect for the era of life that I was perfect for the era of life that I was perfect for the era of life that I was in when I was in college and I needed in when I was in college and I needed in when I was in college and I needed someone to help me with brand deals and someone to help me with brand deals and someone to help me with brand deals and management and all of that, but I was management and all of that, but I was management and all of that, but I was only working alongside one other person only working alongside one other person only working alongside one other person when I was with Select and with what I when I was with Select and with what I when I was with Select and with what I see as like my future and my vision for see as like my future and my vision for see as like my future and my vision for my social media, my personal training, my social media, my personal training, my social media, my personal training, and like career progression, I think I'm and like career progression, I think I'm and like career progression, I think I'm going to need a bigger team behind me. going to need a bigger team behind me. going to need a bigger team behind me. So, this came around at the perfect So, this came around at the perfect So, this came around at the perfect time. Genuinely, I'm so grateful and time. Genuinely, I'm so grateful and time. Genuinely, I'm so grateful and excited. The team is already amazing. excited. The team is already amazing. excited. The team is already amazing. Like, I've spoken to a handful of them Like, I've spoken to a handful of them Like, I've spoken to a handful of them and I'm just super optimistic and and I'm just super optimistic and and I'm just super optimistic and excited about the future. That is an excited about the future. That is an excited about the future. That is an exciting update and then at the exciting update and then at the exciting update and then at the beginning of September, I'm going back beginning of September, I'm going back beginning of September, I'm going back to Europe. I know. I'm so excited about to Europe. I know. I'm so excited about to Europe. I know. I'm so excited about that as well. I just can't believe that that as well. I just can't believe that that as well. I just can't believe that everything that I was talking about a everything that I was talking about a everything that I was talking about a year ago has like come to fruition. year ago has like come to fruition. year ago has like come to fruition. Like, I got to partner with one of my Like, I got to partner with one of my Like, I got to partner with one of my dream brands. I'm now a Gymshark dream brands. I'm now a Gymshark dream brands. I'm now a Gymshark sponsored sponsored sponsored Okay, we'll get to that in a second. Okay, we'll get to that in a second. Okay, we'll get to that in a second. Sorry, I shouldn't have blurted that out Sorry, I shouldn't have blurted that out Sorry, I shouldn't have blurted that out so soon because I had this whole big so soon because I had this whole big so soon because I had this whole big announcement thing I was going to do for announcement thing I was going to do for announcement thing I was going to do for you guys on YouTube, but I clearly you guys on YouTube, but I clearly you guys on YouTube, but I clearly couldn't help myself. Okay, um couldn't help myself. Okay, um couldn't help myself. Okay, um a little more on that. Oh, great. Okay, a little more on that. Oh, great. Okay, a little more on that. Oh, great. Okay, that is actually a prime definition of that is actually a prime definition of that is actually a prime definition of how soft and silky this material is how soft and silky this material is how soft and silky this material is because it literally just all slid off because it literally just all slid off because it literally just all slid off on me, but as I so graciously blurted on me, but as I so graciously blurted on me, but as I so graciously blurted out there, I have recently signed a out there, I have recently signed a out there, I have recently signed a partnership with Gymshark. I cannot partnership with Gymshark. I cannot partnership with Gymshark. I cannot believe I'm even uttering these words. believe I'm even uttering these words. believe I'm even uttering these words. First of all, thank you so, so much to First of all, thank you so, so much to First of all, thank you so, so much to everyone at home who has been watching everyone at home who has been watching everyone at home who has been watching and supporting my videos. I literally and supporting my videos. I literally and supporting my videos. I literally spoke about this in a video that I spoke about this in a video that I spoke about this in a video that I filmed probably about a year ago today filmed probably about a year ago today filmed probably about a year ago today and I was like, I want to get sponsored and I was like, I want to get sponsored and I was like, I want to get sponsored by one of my dream fitness brands, one by one of my dream fitness brands, one by one of my dream fitness brands, one of them being Gymshark. And here we are. of them being Gymshark. And here we are. of them being Gymshark. And here we are. I'm getting sponsored by Gymshark and I'm getting sponsored by Gymshark and I'm getting sponsored by Gymshark and this video is sponsored by Gymshark. If this video is sponsored by Gymshark. If this video is sponsored by Gymshark. If you guys have been on my channel for a you guys have been on my channel for a you guys have been on my channel for a while, you would know how much of a huge while, you would know how much of a huge while, you would know how much of a huge deal this is for me. This is one of my deal this is for me. This is one of my deal this is for me. This is one of my dream dream brands to partner with. Even dream dream brands to partner with. Even dream dream brands to partner with. Even now, here I am sitting, contract signed, now, here I am sitting, contract signed, now, here I am sitting, contract signed, affiliate code ready. All of their affiliate code ready. All of their affiliate code ready. All of their pieces from this new collection pieces from this new collection pieces from this new collection literally sitting behind me, and I still literally sitting behind me, and I still literally sitting behind me, and I still don't believe that it's true. I don't don't believe that it's true. I don't don't believe that it's true. I don't know when it's going to set in for me, know when it's going to set in for me, know when it's going to set in for me, but this entire experience, everything but this entire experience, everything but this entire experience, everything about it has just felt so surreal, and I about it has just felt so surreal, and I about it has just felt so surreal, and I can't even put into words how excited I can't even put into words how excited I can't even put into words how excited I am about this and this new chapter. I am about this and this new chapter. I am about this and this new chapter. I feel like this timed out so beautifully feel like this timed out so beautifully feel like this timed out so beautifully with me getting certified in personal with me getting certified in personal with me getting certified in personal training. And I've been saying this in training. And I've been saying this in training. And I've been saying this in the past couple vlogs, but I just feel the past couple vlogs, but I just feel the past couple vlogs, but I just feel like my life is slowly starting to fall like my life is slowly starting to fall like my life is slowly starting to fall into place, and it is the most beautiful into place, and it is the most beautiful into place, and it is the most beautiful thing to watch. And I'm not taking a thing to watch. And I'm not taking a thing to watch. And I'm not taking a single moment of it for granted, because single moment of it for granted, because single moment of it for granted, because as we know, your girl was a little bit as we know, your girl was a little bit as we know, your girl was a little bit in the trenches last year, okay? And we in the trenches last year, okay? And we in the trenches last year, okay? And we persevered through that. I finally feel persevered through that. I finally feel persevered through that. I finally feel like I'm on the up and up, and like I'm on the up and up, and like I'm on the up and up, and everything just only keeps getting everything just only keeps getting everything just only keeps getting better. So, this isn't a point for me to better. So, this isn't a point for me to better. So, this isn't a point for me to brag. This is me talking to you as a big brag. This is me talking to you as a big brag. This is me talking to you as a big sister and saying if you have a dream, sister and saying if you have a dream, sister and saying if you have a dream, if you have something you want to chase if you have something you want to chase if you have something you want to chase after, even if it seems like so after, even if it seems like so after, even if it seems like so impossible, do it. Literally do it, impossible, do it. Literally do it, impossible, do it. Literally do it, because I didn't think that this was because I didn't think that this was because I didn't think that this was possible. I genuinely didn't. I didn't possible. I genuinely didn't. I didn't possible. I genuinely didn't. I didn't think I would ever see the day. I think I would ever see the day. I think I would ever see the day. I pitched myself to this brand countless pitched myself to this brand countless pitched myself to this brand countless countless countless times, tagged them countless countless times, tagged them countless countless times, tagged them on every single piece of content that I on every single piece of content that I on every single piece of content that I posted with their products, and nothing. posted with their products, and nothing. posted with their products, and nothing. Like they never interacted with Like they never interacted with Like they never interacted with anything. And then all of the sudden, I anything. And then all of the sudden, I anything. And then all of the sudden, I have one of their senior athlete have one of their senior athlete have one of their senior athlete associates in my emails asking me if I associates in my emails asking me if I associates in my emails asking me if I want to join this program. Like, you want to join this program. Like, you want to join this program. Like, you guys, I'm serious. Speak it into guys, I'm serious. Speak it into guys, I'm serious. Speak it into existence and genuinely believe it until existence and genuinely believe it until existence and genuinely believe it until it becomes true. Please, please, please it becomes true. Please, please, please it becomes true. Please, please, please use this video, this moment, all of it use this video, this moment, all of it use this video, this moment, all of it that you're getting to experience with that you're getting to experience with that you're getting to experience with me as motivation for yourself, that me as motivation for yourself, that me as motivation for yourself, that anything is possible and you can anything is possible and you can anything is possible and you can genuinely do anything that you put your genuinely do anything that you put your genuinely do anything that you put your mind to. It may not happen tomorrow, it mind to. It may not happen tomorrow, it mind to. It may not happen tomorrow, it may not happen the next week, the next may not happen the next week, the next may not happen the next week, the next month, but it will happen. I am such a month, but it will happen. I am such a month, but it will happen. I am such a firm believer that if you want something firm believer that if you want something firm believer that if you want something badly enough and you are willing to put badly enough and you are willing to put badly enough and you are willing to put the work in, you will get it. Nothing the work in, you will get it. Nothing the work in, you will get it. Nothing will get in the way of someone who is will get in the way of someone who is will get in the way of someone who is relentless with what they love and what relentless with what they love and what relentless with what they love and what they're passionate about. I'm so they're passionate about. I'm so they're passionate about. I'm so grateful, and seriously, I don't take a grateful, and seriously, I don't take a grateful, and seriously, I don't take a single one of these moments for granted. single one of these moments for granted. single one of these moments for granted. You guys can now use my code "bdel" to You guys can now use my code "bdel" to You guys can now use my code "bdel" to save on Gymshark. save on Gymshark. save on Gymshark. So, Gymshark is relaunching one of their So, Gymshark is relaunching one of their So, Gymshark is relaunching one of their OG collections, their everyday seamless OG collections, their everyday seamless OG collections, their everyday seamless line. These were the first pieces that I line. These were the first pieces that I line. These were the first pieces that I ever owned from Gymshark, and they are ever owned from Gymshark, and they are ever owned from Gymshark, and they are some of my favorites. I'm wearing one of some of my favorites. I'm wearing one of some of my favorites. I'm wearing one of their everyday seamless tanks right now. their everyday seamless tanks right now. their everyday seamless tanks right now. I worked out in an everyday seamless set I worked out in an everyday seamless set I worked out in an everyday seamless set earlier. I love their everyday seamless earlier. I love their everyday seamless earlier. I love their everyday seamless collection because it is so buttery collection because it is so buttery collection because it is so buttery soft. You can truly wear this material soft. You can truly wear this material soft. You can truly wear this material all day. It feels like a second skin. all day. It feels like a second skin. all day. It feels like a second skin. Like, these are the kind of gym shorts Like, these are the kind of gym shorts Like, these are the kind of gym shorts that I forgot that I have on. This is that I forgot that I have on. This is that I forgot that I have on. This is their material. And also on the shorts, their material. And also on the shorts, their material. And also on the shorts, there is a subtle under glute contour, there is a subtle under glute contour, there is a subtle under glute contour, which gives a such a nice which gives a such a nice which gives a such a nice little plump to the glutes. Everything little plump to the glutes. Everything little plump to the glutes. Everything from this line is low compression, so from this line is low compression, so from this line is low compression, so you can wear it all day. But also, it you can wear it all day. But also, it you can wear it all day. But also, it still fits so beautifully and snatches still fits so beautifully and snatches still fits so beautifully and snatches you up exactly where you want to be you up exactly where you want to be you up exactly where you want to be snatched. I filmed a whole try-on for snatched. I filmed a whole try-on for snatched. I filmed a whole try-on for you guys yesterday, so when I'm going you guys yesterday, so when I'm going you guys yesterday, so when I'm going through all the pieces and showing you through all the pieces and showing you through all the pieces and showing you everything, I will insert the on-body everything, I will insert the on-body everything, I will insert the on-body clip of b-roll in between, so you guys clip of b-roll in between, so you guys clip of b-roll in between, so you guys can see what all these pieces look like can see what all these pieces look like can see what all these pieces look like on. But here's the important stuff. on. But here's the important stuff. on. But here's the important stuff. Here's what you want to know. This Here's what you want to know. This Here's what you want to know. This collection is launching on August 20th collection is launching on August 20th collection is launching on August 20th at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. If at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. If at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. If you're watching this video the day that you're watching this video the day that you're watching this video the day that it comes out, this collection is it comes out, this collection is it comes out, this collection is dropping tomorrow. A little bit over 24 dropping tomorrow. A little bit over 24 dropping tomorrow. A little bit over 24 hours from now, 26 to be exact. So, make hours from now, 26 to be exact. So, make hours from now, 26 to be exact. So, make sure to mark your calendars and get sure to mark your calendars and get sure to mark your calendars and get ready, because this collection and the ready, because this collection and the ready, because this collection and the colorways in it are insane. I know that colorways in it are insane. I know that colorways in it are insane. I know that these are going to like fly off the these are going to like fly off the these are going to like fly off the shelves. And of course, if you guys want shelves. And of course, if you guys want shelves. And of course, if you guys want to save and support, you can use my code to save and support, you can use my code to save and support, you can use my code "bdel" on anything Gymshark, including "bdel" on anything Gymshark, including "bdel" on anything Gymshark, including this new everyday seamless collection. this new everyday seamless collection. this new everyday seamless collection. Let me give you a haul of all the pieces Let me give you a haul of all the pieces Let me give you a haul of all the pieces that I have from it. We'll start out that I have from it. We'll start out that I have from it. We'll start out with arguably maybe one of my favorite with arguably maybe one of my favorite with arguably maybe one of my favorite colors, which is poise pink. This colors, which is poise pink. This colors, which is poise pink. This colorway speaks for itself. It is so colorway speaks for itself. It is so colorway speaks for itself. It is so stunning. It's a perfect balance of stunning. It's a perfect balance of stunning. It's a perfect balance of vibrance, but also that baby girl pink vibrance, but also that baby girl pink vibrance, but also that baby girl pink color that just feels so girly and color that just feels so girly and color that just feels so girly and perfect. be so good to wear to a Pilates perfect. be so good to wear to a Pilates perfect. be so good to wear to a Pilates workout, getting your steps in in the workout, getting your steps in in the workout, getting your steps in in the morning. Like, you are just instantly morning. Like, you are just instantly morning. Like, you are just instantly going to feel like an it girl when you going to feel like an it girl when you going to feel like an it girl when you put this on your body. So, we have the put this on your body. So, we have the put this on your body. So, we have the everyday seamless shorts and the everyday seamless shorts and the everyday seamless shorts and the everyday seamless shelf tank. Let me everyday seamless shelf tank. Let me everyday seamless shelf tank. Let me talk to you guys about this real quick. talk to you guys about this real quick. talk to you guys about this real quick. I have the shelf tank on right now in I have the shelf tank on right now in I have the shelf tank on right now in white. Are we seeing what's going on white. Are we seeing what's going on white. Are we seeing what's going on right here? The liftage, the right here? The liftage, the right here? The liftage, the comfortability, and the fit of these comfortability, and the fit of these comfortability, and the fit of these tanks is insane. I just had to give tanks is insane. I just had to give tanks is insane. I just had to give credit where credit's due. The logo is credit where credit's due. The logo is credit where credit's due. The logo is on the back of all these tanks and just on the back of all these tanks and just on the back of all these tanks and just the cut of them is so flattering. And the cut of them is so flattering. And the cut of them is so flattering. And then we have a zip track top. The fit of then we have a zip track top. The fit of then we have a zip track top. The fit of this is also so stunning. It cuts in this is also so stunning. It cuts in this is also so stunning. It cuts in right where the shorts stop. So it just right where the shorts stop. So it just right where the shorts stop. So it just gives you that beautiful hourglass gives you that beautiful hourglass gives you that beautiful hourglass silhouette. Next we have the strength silhouette. Next we have the strength silhouette. Next we have the strength pink colorway, which is what I wore to pink colorway, which is what I wore to pink colorway, which is what I wore to the gym. This color is so gorgeous and I the gym. This color is so gorgeous and I the gym. This color is so gorgeous and I genuinely believe it would look so genuinely believe it would look so genuinely believe it would look so beautiful in any complexion. It is just beautiful in any complexion. It is just beautiful in any complexion. It is just such a rich, beautiful, classic color such a rich, beautiful, classic color such a rich, beautiful, classic color and it's done so well. We have the and it's done so well. We have the and it's done so well. We have the everyday seamless shorts and the shell everyday seamless shorts and the shell everyday seamless shorts and the shell tank. Look at how stunning that is. We tank. Look at how stunning that is. We tank. Look at how stunning that is. We also have a tee to layer over that. also have a tee to layer over that. also have a tee to layer over that. Somehow it just keeps getting better. We Somehow it just keeps getting better. We Somehow it just keeps getting better. We have butter yellow. Gymshark really have butter yellow. Gymshark really have butter yellow. Gymshark really knows where it's at because these knows where it's at because these knows where it's at because these colorways, like when I opened up the doc colorways, like when I opened up the doc colorways, like when I opened up the doc to the brief of what they were to the brief of what they were to the brief of what they were launching, I was at a loss of words. The launching, I was at a loss of words. The launching, I was at a loss of words. The poise paint, the strength pink, and the poise paint, the strength pink, and the poise paint, the strength pink, and the butter yellow, elite combo. Like this is butter yellow, elite combo. Like this is butter yellow, elite combo. Like this is the holy trinity. This butter yellow is the holy trinity. This butter yellow is the holy trinity. This butter yellow is also so perfect. Like they just nailed also so perfect. Like they just nailed also so perfect. Like they just nailed every single color that they did. This every single color that they did. This every single color that they did. This is their ribbed sports bra. It is also is their ribbed sports bra. It is also is their ribbed sports bra. It is also padded, provides the perfect amount of padded, provides the perfect amount of padded, provides the perfect amount of support, and has adjustable Y straps in support, and has adjustable Y straps in support, and has adjustable Y straps in the back. I love this bra so much the back. I love this bra so much the back. I love this bra so much because it is so comfy and so versatile. because it is so comfy and so versatile. because it is so comfy and so versatile. You can really layer this under anything You can really layer this under anything You can really layer this under anything that you want. Moving things along, we that you want. Moving things along, we that you want. Moving things along, we have track green. This color is also so have track green. This color is also so have track green. This color is also so stunning. Being from Massachusetts, like stunning. Being from Massachusetts, like stunning. Being from Massachusetts, like this is giving me Celtics and I love it. this is giving me Celtics and I love it. this is giving me Celtics and I love it. It also looks so good on my tan skin. It also looks so good on my tan skin. It also looks so good on my tan skin. Like I'm feeling nice and tan and fresh Like I'm feeling nice and tan and fresh Like I'm feeling nice and tan and fresh from the summer and I love the way that from the summer and I love the way that from the summer and I love the way that this looks on me. Also, this contrast this looks on me. Also, this contrast this looks on me. Also, this contrast bra, insane. Transcending the game. bra, insane. Transcending the game. bra, insane. Transcending the game. Transcending the game. Next we have Transcending the game. Next we have Transcending the game. Next we have espresso brown. And if you guys know me, espresso brown. And if you guys know me, espresso brown. And if you guys know me, you know that brown is one of my you know that brown is one of my you know that brown is one of my favorite colors. We got the flare favorite colors. We got the flare favorite colors. We got the flare leggings right here. I love the leggings right here. I love the leggings right here. I love the stitching because it like cuts in at the stitching because it like cuts in at the stitching because it like cuts in at the knee and then bells out from there. It's knee and then bells out from there. It's knee and then bells out from there. It's so flattering. And then that same upper so flattering. And then that same upper so flattering. And then that same upper band design with a light lift on the band design with a light lift on the band design with a light lift on the glutes. We also have these wide neck glutes. We also have these wide neck glutes. We also have these wide neck long sleeves in that same color and long sleeves in that same color and long sleeves in that same color and material, but I love the cut of this material, but I love the cut of this material, but I love the cut of this where you can have your sports bra where you can have your sports bra where you can have your sports bra straps sticking out a little bit. It's straps sticking out a little bit. It's straps sticking out a little bit. It's just a little bit more relaxed and just a little bit more relaxed and just a little bit more relaxed and fitted. And then finally, we have heavy fitted. And then finally, we have heavy fitted. And then finally, we have heavy blue, the contrast bra, the contrast blue, the contrast bra, the contrast blue, the contrast bra, the contrast tee, and the flare leggings. I love this tee, and the flare leggings. I love this tee, and the flare leggings. I love this contrast collection so much. Like the contrast collection so much. Like the contrast collection so much. Like the white bands and detailing is just so white bands and detailing is just so white bands and detailing is just so classic, and I love how I can layer this classic, and I love how I can layer this classic, and I love how I can layer this over the bra with the leggings and have over the bra with the leggings and have over the bra with the leggings and have a full workout set. I'm actually going a full workout set. I'm actually going a full workout set. I'm actually going to do puppy yoga with my sister on to do puppy yoga with my sister on to do puppy yoga with my sister on Sunday, and I think I'm going to wear Sunday, and I think I'm going to wear Sunday, and I think I'm going to wear this specific set to that. I know I'm this specific set to that. I know I'm this specific set to that. I know I'm saying like all the colors are my saying like all the colors are my saying like all the colors are my favorite, but I think that's just the favorite, but I think that's just the favorite, but I think that's just the truth. And then besides that, we just truth. And then besides that, we just truth. And then besides that, we just have the classic black and white. These have the classic black and white. These have the classic black and white. These are always good to just have in your are always good to just have in your are always good to just have in your collection be able to pair with collection be able to pair with collection be able to pair with anything. Those are all the different anything. Those are all the different anything. Those are all the different colorways. I will insert the line sheets colorways. I will insert the line sheets colorways. I will insert the line sheets on the screen right here because they're on the screen right here because they're on the screen right here because they're releasing all the different pieces in releasing all the different pieces in releasing all the different pieces in all the different colors, and that was all the different colors, and that was all the different colors, and that was only a fraction of it what I just showed only a fraction of it what I just showed only a fraction of it what I just showed you. It was so fun being able to style you. It was so fun being able to style you. It was so fun being able to style all of these different outfits with all of these different outfits with all of these different outfits with Gymshark. I filmed a super cool Gymshark. I filmed a super cool Gymshark. I filmed a super cool Instagram reel yesterday that will be Instagram reel yesterday that will be Instagram reel yesterday that will be out by the time this YouTube video comes out by the time this YouTube video comes out by the time this YouTube video comes out. So, if you guys want to go support out. So, if you guys want to go support out. So, if you guys want to go support me, you can go comment on that. Also, me, you can go comment on that. Also, me, you can go comment on that. Also, for sizing reference, I got everything for sizing reference, I got everything for sizing reference, I got everything in a size extra small. I'm 5'2, and that in a size extra small. I'm 5'2, and that in a size extra small. I'm 5'2, and that just seems to fit me perfectly. I will just seems to fit me perfectly. I will just seems to fit me perfectly. I will put all of the drop details up on the put all of the drop details up on the put all of the drop details up on the screen right here. And once again, if screen right here. And once again, if screen right here. And once again, if you want to save and support, use my you want to save and support, use my you want to save and support, use my code "Badel" to get money off on code "Badel" to get money off on code "Badel" to get money off on anything Gymshark from here on out. So, anything Gymshark from here on out. So, anything Gymshark from here on out. So, that was just like the high of my life that was just like the high of my life that was just like the high of my life being able to announce that to you guys being able to announce that to you guys being able to announce that to you guys and share this super special moment. I'm and share this super special moment. I'm and share this super special moment. I'm craving a matcha though, so let's go craving a matcha though, so let's go craving a matcha though, so let's go down and make one. >> [music] >> You got me running around today. What, little [music] seal? My mom and my papa are out running some My mom and my papa are out running some My mom and my papa are out running some errands, and I'm just here doing some errands, and I'm just here doing some errands, and I'm just here doing some work. I just had this idea that I wanted work. I just had this idea that I wanted work. I just had this idea that I wanted to film about like manifestation to film about like manifestation to film about like manifestation essentially. I know I've already talked essentially. I know I've already talked essentially. I know I've already talked so much about Gymshark, but like you so much about Gymshark, but like you so much about Gymshark, but like you guys know, this is like a huge deal for guys know, this is like a huge deal for guys know, this is like a huge deal for me. I dug through my journal, and I me. I dug through my journal, and I me. I dug through my journal, and I found my journal entry from October found my journal entry from October found my journal entry from October 30th, 2025 about me manifesting I'll be 30th, 2025 about me manifesting I'll be 30th, 2025 about me manifesting I'll be a Gymshark athlete in 2026. And then I a Gymshark athlete in 2026. And then I a Gymshark athlete in 2026. And then I pulled up old YouTube videos of me pulled up old YouTube videos of me pulled up old YouTube videos of me saying like Gymshark hit me up. Gymshark saying like Gymshark hit me up. Gymshark saying like Gymshark hit me up. Gymshark hit me up. I can't wait until I can say hit me up. I can't wait until I can say hit me up. I can't wait until I can say use code Badel to save. I can't wait use code Badel to save. I can't wait use code Badel to save. I can't wait until I can tell you guys use code Badel until I can tell you guys use code Badel until I can tell you guys use code Badel for money off. Don't worry. One day, one for money off. Don't worry. One day, one for money off. Don't worry. One day, one day Jim Shark. And I pulled up those day Jim Shark. And I pulled up those day Jim Shark. And I pulled up those receipts from like [music] last year, receipts from like [music] last year, receipts from like [music] last year, and it's just insane to like look back. and it's just insane to like look back. and it's just insane to like look back. So, I basically made like a whole video So, I basically made like a whole video So, I basically made like a whole video just talking about that. I'm going to just talking about that. I'm going to just talking about that. I'm going to post it on my fitness account and my post it on my fitness account and my post it on my fitness account and my main accounts because I just feel like main accounts because I just feel like main accounts because I just feel like that's so inspiring. Like that is what that's so inspiring. Like that is what that's so inspiring. Like that is what inspired me to like get to where I am inspired me to like get to where I am inspired me to like get to where I am today when I saw other creators like today when I saw other creators like today when I saw other creators like posting stuff like this. So, I just had posting stuff like this. So, I just had posting stuff like this. So, I just had that idea though, so I quickly filmed it that idea though, so I quickly filmed it that idea though, so I quickly filmed it and put it together. That's kind of how and put it together. That's kind of how and put it together. That's kind of how a lot of my content works is I just wait a lot of my content works is I just wait a lot of my content works is I just wait until I feel like this surge of until I feel like this surge of until I feel like this surge of inspiration, and I just do it. After inspiration, and I just do it. After inspiration, and I just do it. After that, I'm really just going to be that, I'm really just going to be that, I'm really just going to be sitting at my laptop all day and doing sitting at my laptop all day and doing sitting at my laptop all day and doing work. It's kind of boring from here on work. It's kind of boring from here on work. It's kind of boring from here on out, but I mean, I'll check in with you out, but I mean, I'll check in with you out, but I mean, I'll check in with you guys if there's anything fun coming up. If you're wondering truly what my day in If you're wondering truly what my day in If you're wondering truly what my day in the life looks like, this is it. It's the life looks like, this is it. It's the life looks like, this is it. It's like clicking on my phone, clicking on like clicking on my phone, clicking on like clicking on my phone, clicking on my laptop, clicking on my phone, my laptop, clicking on my phone, my laptop, clicking on my phone, clicking on my laptop. clicking on my laptop. clicking on my laptop. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you, cutie. I have to post one I love you, cutie. I have to post one I love you, cutie. I have to post one more video on my more video on my more video on my TikTok and Instagram. And then I need to edit a entire YouTube And then I need to edit a entire YouTube And then I need to edit a entire YouTube video. Why is there a fly literally? Oh my Why is there a fly literally? Oh my Why is there a fly literally? Oh my gosh, it's driving me insane. >> [music] >> Look at them. >> Look at them. >> Look at them. >> [gasps] >> We got chickens. We're trying to hold >> We got chickens. We're trying to hold >> We got chickens. We're trying to hold them every day so they become really them every day so they become really them every day so they become really good pets. You say hi, baby? Look at how cute. You say hi? You say hi? This is why I think I have OCD, because This is why I think I have OCD, because This is why I think I have OCD, because I literally watched myself latch their I literally watched myself latch their I literally watched myself latch their door, but I'm probably going to go back door, but I'm probably going to go back door, but I'm probably going to go back three times to make sure three times to make sure three times to make sure that it's latched. Why am I like this? that it's latched. Why am I like this? that it's latched. Why am I like this? It's latched. I saw it. I'm making It's latched. I saw it. I'm making It's latched. I saw it. I'm making myself walk away. >> [music] >> Can you guys figure it out? >> Can you guys figure it out? >> Can you guys figure it out? I did try. I did try I did try. I did try I did try. I did try for like five or 10 minutes, but I was for like five or 10 minutes, but I was for like five or 10 minutes, but I was like, "What am I doing?" >> [music] >> So, in the past couple hours, I was just >> So, in the past couple hours, I was just >> So, in the past couple hours, I was just finishing editing a YouTube video, and finishing editing a YouTube video, and finishing editing a YouTube video, and then I also edited this beautiful piece then I also edited this beautiful piece then I also edited this beautiful piece of content right here, which is for of content right here, which is for of content right here, which is for Gymshark. It's this trend. So, by the time you guys [music] watch So, by the time you guys [music] watch So, by the time you guys [music] watch this YouTube video, this video will be this YouTube video, this video will be this YouTube video, this video will be out on my Instagram and my TikTok. If out on my Instagram and my TikTok. If out on my Instagram and my TikTok. If you're seeing this part of the video, you're seeing this part of the video, you're seeing this part of the video, please go over there and like, comment, please go over there and like, comment, please go over there and like, comment, and share it. You want to support and share it. You want to support and share it. You want to support because I just spent so long on it. But, because I just spent so long on it. But, because I just spent so long on it. But, I'm really proud of how it turned out, I'm really proud of how it turned out, I'm really proud of how it turned out, so.