This is the everyday seamless collection
from Gymshark in strength pink. So cute.
And of course we have a Gymshark
quarter-zip.
Good morning, everybody. I just got back
from my bike ride with my dad. Now I'm
going to make him a breakfast sandwich
for the road before I head to the gym
and get weights.
So it's hard. And get my weights done.
This is the secret ingredient. If you
know, you know.
Oh, it sucks being short.
Thank you, buddy.
You're welcome.
Wow, it's such a treat.
Now I'm off to the gym. I'm going to be
honest, like I really don't want to go
today.
My sister normally goes with me, but
she's been feeling under the weather
recently. I'm going solo today. Really
having to dig deep for this one. Like I
didn't even want to go on a bike ride
today. I didn't even want to go on a
bike ride, but I do know I'm going to
feel so much better when I go to the gym
and get it done. Oh, I forgot a ring
cover for my war rain.
Please tell me I have one in my bag.
Stuff like this that will make me
literally just leave. No.
Ah, yes.
Oh, sorry. Thank the Lord, we have a
rain cover. All right, let's go to the
gym before I have any more time to think
about quitting and not going, and I'll
be back.
Oh my gosh, literally not a single part
of me wanted to go in and do that, but
I'm so so so glad that I did. Like I
feel so good right now. I got an amazing
sweat in, feeling great. Hey.
Hello girl.
I can't believe we are reaching the end
of August. Like I'm not okay about that.
Actually, I'm going down to New York at
the end of this month for my friend
Cindy's birthday, and also to meet with
my new management. I just signed to a
new at talent agency. I'm going to have
a way bigger team backing me than I did
before. So previously, I was signed to
Select Management Group, which is based
out of California. Now I'm currently
signed to Dulcedo. They are based out of
Canada, I think, but they have a lot of
offices in like the northeast of
America. So, my team, I get a team of
seven people all with expertise in
different sectors and they're based out
of New York. So, when I go down to New
York, I'm so excited because I'm going
to be able to meet one of my team
members. Unfortunately, my new manager
won't be in town, but I'm so excited for
this new chapter. I have been
self-managing for the past year, I want
to say. Nothing bad to say about Select.
I just think Select Management Group was
perfect for the era of life that I was
in when I was in college and I needed
someone to help me with brand deals and
management and all of that, but I was
only working alongside one other person
when I was with Select and with what I
see as like my future and my vision for
my social media, my personal training,
and like career progression, I think I'm
going to need a bigger team behind me.
So, this came around at the perfect
time. Genuinely, I'm so grateful and
excited. The team is already amazing.
Like, I've spoken to a handful of them
and I'm just super optimistic and
excited about the future. That is an
exciting update and then at the
beginning of September, I'm going back
to Europe. I know. I'm so excited about
that as well. I just can't believe that
everything that I was talking about a
year ago has like come to fruition.
Like, I got to partner with one of my
dream brands. I'm now a Gymshark
sponsored
Okay, we'll get to that in a second.
Sorry, I shouldn't have blurted that out
so soon because I had this whole big
announcement thing I was going to do for
you guys on YouTube, but I clearly
couldn't help myself. Okay, um
a little more on that. Oh, great. Okay,
that is actually a prime definition of
how soft and silky this material is
because it literally just all slid off
on me, but as I so graciously blurted
out there, I have recently signed a
partnership with Gymshark. I cannot
believe I'm even uttering these words.
First of all, thank you so, so much to
everyone at home who has been watching
and supporting my videos. I literally
spoke about this in a video that I
filmed probably about a year ago today
and I was like, I want to get sponsored
by one of my dream fitness brands, one
of them being Gymshark. And here we are.
I'm getting sponsored by Gymshark and
this video is sponsored by Gymshark. If
you guys have been on my channel for a
while, you would know how much of a huge
deal this is for me. This is one of my
dream dream brands to partner with. Even
now, here I am sitting, contract signed,
affiliate code ready. All of their
pieces from this new collection
literally sitting behind me, and I still
don't believe that it's true. I don't
know when it's going to set in for me,
but this entire experience, everything
about it has just felt so surreal, and I
can't even put into words how excited I
am about this and this new chapter. I
feel like this timed out so beautifully
with me getting certified in personal
training. And I've been saying this in
the past couple vlogs, but I just feel
like my life is slowly starting to fall
into place, and it is the most beautiful
thing to watch. And I'm not taking a
single moment of it for granted, because
as we know, your girl was a little bit
in the trenches last year, okay? And we
persevered through that. I finally feel
like I'm on the up and up, and
everything just only keeps getting
better. So, this isn't a point for me to
brag. This is me talking to you as a big
sister and saying if you have a dream,
if you have something you want to chase
after, even if it seems like so
impossible, do it. Literally do it,
because I didn't think that this was
possible. I genuinely didn't. I didn't
think I would ever see the day. I
pitched myself to this brand countless
countless countless times, tagged them
on every single piece of content that I
posted with their products, and nothing.
Like they never interacted with
anything. And then all of the sudden, I
have one of their senior athlete
associates in my emails asking me if I
want to join this program. Like, you
guys, I'm serious. Speak it into
existence and genuinely believe it until
it becomes true. Please, please, please
use this video, this moment, all of it
that you're getting to experience with
me as motivation for yourself, that
anything is possible and you can
genuinely do anything that you put your
mind to. It may not happen tomorrow, it
may not happen the next week, the next
month, but it will happen. I am such a
firm believer that if you want something
badly enough and you are willing to put
the work in, you will get it. Nothing
will get in the way of someone who is
relentless with what they love and what
they're passionate about. I'm so
grateful, and seriously, I don't take a
single one of these moments for granted.
You guys can now use my code "bdel" to
save on Gymshark.
So, Gymshark is relaunching one of their
OG collections, their everyday seamless
line. These were the first pieces that I
ever owned from Gymshark, and they are
some of my favorites. I'm wearing one of
their everyday seamless tanks right now.
I worked out in an everyday seamless set
earlier. I love their everyday seamless
collection because it is so buttery
soft. You can truly wear this material
all day. It feels like a second skin.
Like, these are the kind of gym shorts
that I forgot that I have on. This is
their material. And also on the shorts,
there is a subtle under glute contour,
which gives a such a nice
little plump to the glutes. Everything
from this line is low compression, so
you can wear it all day. But also, it
still fits so beautifully and snatches
you up exactly where you want to be
snatched. I filmed a whole try-on for
you guys yesterday, so when I'm going
through all the pieces and showing you
everything, I will insert the on-body
clip of b-roll in between, so you guys
can see what all these pieces look like
on. But here's the important stuff.
Here's what you want to know. This
collection is launching on August 20th
at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. If
you're watching this video the day that
it comes out, this collection is
dropping tomorrow. A little bit over 24
hours from now, 26 to be exact. So, make
sure to mark your calendars and get
ready, because this collection and the
colorways in it are insane. I know that
these are going to like fly off the
shelves. And of course, if you guys want
to save and support, you can use my code
"bdel" on anything Gymshark, including
this new everyday seamless collection.
Let me give you a haul of all the pieces
that I have from it. We'll start out
with arguably maybe one of my favorite
colors, which is poise pink. This
colorway speaks for itself. It is so
stunning. It's a perfect balance of
vibrance, but also that baby girl pink
color that just feels so girly and
perfect. be so good to wear to a Pilates
workout, getting your steps in in the
morning. Like, you are just instantly
going to feel like an it girl when you
put this on your body. So, we have the
everyday seamless shorts and the
everyday seamless shelf tank. Let me
talk to you guys about this real quick.
I have the shelf tank on right now in
white. Are we seeing what's going on
right here? The liftage, the
comfortability, and the fit of these
tanks is insane. I just had to give
credit where credit's due. The logo is
on the back of all these tanks and just
the cut of them is so flattering. And
then we have a zip track top. The fit of
this is also so stunning. It cuts in
right where the shorts stop. So it just
gives you that beautiful hourglass
silhouette. Next we have the strength
pink colorway, which is what I wore to
the gym. This color is so gorgeous and I
genuinely believe it would look so
beautiful in any complexion. It is just
such a rich, beautiful, classic color
and it's done so well. We have the
everyday seamless shorts and the shell
tank. Look at how stunning that is. We
also have a tee to layer over that.
Somehow it just keeps getting better. We
have butter yellow. Gymshark really
knows where it's at because these
colorways, like when I opened up the doc
to the brief of what they were
launching, I was at a loss of words. The
poise paint, the strength pink, and the
butter yellow, elite combo. Like this is
the holy trinity. This butter yellow is
also so perfect. Like they just nailed
every single color that they did. This
is their ribbed sports bra. It is also
padded, provides the perfect amount of
support, and has adjustable Y straps in
the back. I love this bra so much
because it is so comfy and so versatile.
You can really layer this under anything
that you want. Moving things along, we
have track green. This color is also so
stunning. Being from Massachusetts, like
this is giving me Celtics and I love it.
It also looks so good on my tan skin.
Like I'm feeling nice and tan and fresh
from the summer and I love the way that
this looks on me. Also, this contrast
bra, insane. Transcending the game.
Transcending the game. Next we have
espresso brown. And if you guys know me,
you know that brown is one of my
favorite colors. We got the flare
leggings right here. I love the
stitching because it like cuts in at the
knee and then bells out from there. It's
so flattering. And then that same upper
band design with a light lift on the
glutes. We also have these wide neck
long sleeves in that same color and
material, but I love the cut of this
where you can have your sports bra
straps sticking out a little bit. It's
just a little bit more relaxed and
fitted. And then finally, we have heavy
blue, the contrast bra, the contrast
tee, and the flare leggings. I love this
contrast collection so much. Like the
white bands and detailing is just so
classic, and I love how I can layer this
over the bra with the leggings and have
a full workout set. I'm actually going
to do puppy yoga with my sister on
Sunday, and I think I'm going to wear
this specific set to that. I know I'm
saying like all the colors are my
favorite, but I think that's just the
truth. And then besides that, we just
have the classic black and white. These
are always good to just have in your
collection be able to pair with
anything. Those are all the different
colorways. I will insert the line sheets
on the screen right here because they're
releasing all the different pieces in
all the different colors, and that was
only a fraction of it what I just showed
you. It was so fun being able to style
all of these different outfits with
Gymshark. I filmed a super cool
Instagram reel yesterday that will be
out by the time this YouTube video comes
out. So, if you guys want to go support
me, you can go comment on that. Also,
for sizing reference, I got everything
in a size extra small. I'm 5'2, and that
just seems to fit me perfectly. I will
put all of the drop details up on the
screen right here. And once again, if
you want to save and support, use my
code "Badel" to get money off on
anything Gymshark from here on out. So,
that was just like the high of my life
being able to announce that to you guys
and share this super special moment. I'm
craving a matcha though, so let's go
down and make one.
You got me running around today.
What, little [music] seal?
My mom and my papa are out running some
errands, and I'm just here doing some
work. I just had this idea that I wanted
to film about like manifestation
essentially. I know I've already talked
so much about Gymshark, but like you
guys know, this is like a huge deal for
me. I dug through my journal, and I
found my journal entry from October
30th, 2025 about me manifesting I'll be
a Gymshark athlete in 2026. And then I
pulled up old YouTube videos of me
saying like Gymshark hit me up. Gymshark
hit me up. I can't wait until I can say
use code Badel to save. I can't wait
until I can tell you guys use code Badel
for money off. Don't worry. One day, one
day Jim Shark. And I pulled up those
receipts from like [music] last year,
and it's just insane to like look back.
So, I basically made like a whole video
just talking about that. I'm going to
post it on my fitness account and my
main accounts because I just feel like
that's so inspiring. Like that is what
inspired me to like get to where I am
today when I saw other creators like
posting stuff like this. So, I just had
that idea though, so I quickly filmed it
and put it together. That's kind of how
a lot of my content works is I just wait
until I feel like this surge of
inspiration, and I just do it. After
that, I'm really just going to be
sitting at my laptop all day and doing
work. It's kind of boring from here on
out, but I mean, I'll check in with you
guys if there's anything fun coming up.
If you're wondering truly what my day in
the life looks like, this is it. It's
like clicking on my phone, clicking on
my laptop, clicking on my phone,
clicking on my laptop.
I love you.
I love you, cutie. I have to post one
more video on my
TikTok and Instagram.
And then I need to edit a entire YouTube
video.
Why is there a fly literally? Oh my
gosh, it's driving me insane.
Look at them.
We got chickens. We're trying to hold
them every day so they become really
good pets.
You say hi, baby? Look at how cute.
You say hi?
This is why I think I have OCD, because
I literally watched myself latch their
door, but I'm probably going to go back
three times to make sure
that it's latched. Why am I like this?
It's latched. I saw it. I'm making
myself walk away.
Can you guys figure it out?
I did try. I did try
for like five or 10 minutes, but I was
like, "What am I doing?"
So, in the past couple hours, I was just
finishing editing a YouTube video, and
then I also edited this beautiful piece
of content right here, which is for
Gymshark. It's this trend.
So, by the time you guys [music] watch
this YouTube video, this video will be
out on my Instagram and my TikTok. If
you're seeing this part of the video,
please go over there and like, comment,
and share it. You want to support
because I just spent so long on it. But,
I'm really proud of how it turned out,
so.
