Hey Sukh friend, I am getting late for the farm. Hey Sukh friend, I am getting late for the farm. Hey Sukh friend, I am getting late for the farm. Where are you taking me, friend? Where are you taking me, friend? Where are you taking me, friend? Hey brother, it's okay, sometimes the farm gets delayed.  It's Hey brother, it's okay, sometimes the farm gets delayed.  It's Hey brother, it's okay, sometimes the farm gets delayed.  It's not a big deal, friend. not a big deal, friend. not a big deal, friend. Where from?  Where did you go? Where from?  Where did you go? Where from?  Where did you go? Hey friend, I am a shoemaker, Hey friend, I am a shoemaker, Hey friend, I am a shoemaker, you are my darling friend.  It's his birthday today, wear shoes and you are my darling friend.  It's his birthday today, wear shoes and you are my darling friend.  It's his birthday today, wear shoes and go home.   After go home.   After go home.   After going home. going home. going home. And where else?   Just go And where else?   Just go And where else?   Just go home. home. home. And where else would it be like, wow, the family is going out somewhere on a And where else would it be like, wow, the family is going out somewhere on a And where else would it be like, wow, the family is going out somewhere on a picnic.  But I am getting a picnic.  But I am getting a picnic.  But I am getting a good opportunity.  Where else is home security needed? good opportunity.  Where else is home security needed? good opportunity.  Where else is home security needed? Hey friend, I should go to the farm.  Why are you lying down Hey friend, I should go to the farm.  Why are you lying down Hey friend, I should go to the farm.  Why are you lying down brother? brother? brother? Come on, come on. Deepika, Deepika, Deepika, your shoe is your shoe is your shoe is falling.  She is asking me to wear shoes on your feet. falling.  She is asking me to wear shoes on your feet. Look, it is of maroon colour. Look, it is of maroon colour. Look, it is of maroon colour. Show show show show.   Lying Show show show show.   Lying Show show show show.   Lying in the shop, she is saying that in the shop, she is saying that in the shop, she is saying that Deepika will wear it after going to the newspaper.  The Deepika will wear it after going to the newspaper.  The Deepika will wear it after going to the newspaper.  The shoe is very lucky now. shoe is very lucky now. shoe is very lucky now. Really Baba, you have brought it exactly as Really Baba, you have brought it exactly as Really Baba, you have brought it exactly as I wanted.  [Music] I wanted.  [Music] I wanted.  [Music] So I'll line up some shoes for them. So I'll line up some shoes for them. So I'll line up some shoes for them. Shoe in front and shoe in back.  Right shoe, left shoe Shoe in front and shoe in back.  Right shoe, left shoe Shoe in front and shoe in back.  Right shoe, left shoe and only shoes. and only shoes. and only shoes. Well, now that you have brought it, please wear it too.   I am showing you how to Well, now that you have brought it, please wear it too.   I am showing you how to Well, now that you have brought it, please wear it too.   I am showing you how to wear it.  Friend Babu, your feet are wear it.  Friend Babu, your feet are wear it.  Friend Babu, your feet are getting dirty.  Friend, you wear it yourself. getting dirty.  Friend, you wear it yourself. getting dirty.  Friend, you wear it yourself. Babu, now you will do it like this. Babu, now you will do it like this. Babu, now you will do it like this. Hey, don't let go, I am wearing it.   Let me Hey, don't let go, I am wearing it.   Let me Hey, don't let go, I am wearing it.   Let me sit, sit, sit, mom and dad. Auntie, Uncle.  I threw my shoes in the room. Auntie, Uncle.  I threw my shoes in the room. Auntie, Uncle.  I threw my shoes in the room. Came to throw the shoe. Came to throw the shoe. Came to throw the shoe. Who is it? Who is it? Who is it? I came to throw my shoes. I came to throw my shoes. I came to throw my shoes. Whose are you? Whose are you? Whose are you? Papa's. Papa's. Papa's. Papa's.  If I make me then my father's Papa's.  If I make me then my father's Papa's.  If I make me then my father's shoe will be useless, I swear on mother, catch him, catch him, catch him, shoe will be useless, I swear on mother, catch him, catch him, catch him, mom, dad, mom, mom, dad, mom, mom, dad, mom, who was this bastard, who was he, tell me first, who was this bastard, who was he, tell me first, who was this bastard, who was he, tell me first, he told me that he had come to sell shoes, since when has this been he told me that he had come to sell shoes, since when has this been he told me that he had come to sell shoes, since when has this been going on, since when has all this been going on, going on, since when has all this been going on, going on, since when has all this been going on, dad, you explain it to me, there is nothing like this, dad, you explain it to me, there is nothing like this, what will dad explain to mom, get out of my house, what will dad explain to mom, get out of my house, what will dad explain to mom, get out of my house, I said get out, it is better to be childless than to have such children, I said get out, it is better to be childless than to have such children, what are you doing, let it be, I what are you doing, let it be, I what are you doing, let it be, I said you shut up.  It is said you shut up.  It is said you shut up.  It is because of your love that it has deteriorated so much today. because of your love that it has deteriorated so much today. because of your love that it has deteriorated so much today. Got it?  Get out of my house. Got it?  Get out of my house. Got it?  Get out of my house. My words, get out of my house.  Hey, My words, get out of my house.  Hey, My words, get out of my house.  Hey, no children are better than such children.  Get out no children are better than such children.  Get out no children are better than such children.  Get out of my house. of my house. of my house. I am leaving your house. I am leaving your house. I am leaving your house. And I will never come again.  By the way, I was about to And I will never come again.  By the way, I was about to And I will never come again.  By the way, I was about to tell both of you that I tell both of you that I tell both of you that I love Sukhi very much.  But you both found out on your own. love Sukhi very much.  But you both found out on your own. love Sukhi very much.  But you both found out on your own. And remember, you And remember, you And remember, you both are pushing me and both are pushing me and both are pushing me and your daughter out of the house.  I will never your daughter out of the house.  I will never your daughter out of the house.  I will never come again.  I am leaving. You should not keep digging the soil. You should not keep digging the soil. You should not keep digging the soil. Tell me what should I do?  My family threw me out Tell me what should I do?  My family threw me out Tell me what should I do?  My family threw me out of the house because of you. of the house because of you. of the house because of you. Friend, tell me where is my mistake here, you are saying. Friend, tell me where is my mistake here, you are saying. Friend, tell me where is my mistake here, you are saying. You called me.  You yourself are saying You called me.  You yourself are saying You called me.  You yourself are saying that Papa will go out.  When the tears that Papa will go out.  When the tears that Papa will go out.  When the tears came there on time friend. came there on time friend. came there on time friend. Wow!  very nice.  Now it's all my fault. Wow!  very nice.  Now it's all my fault. Wow!  very nice.  Now it's all my fault. I told you that my father can I told you that my father can I told you that my father can come anytime.  But you yourself had said that I will meet you come anytime.  But you yourself had said that I will meet you come anytime.  But you yourself had said that I will meet you in 10 minutes and then leave, Babu. in 10 minutes and then leave, Babu. in 10 minutes and then leave, Babu. Instead of 10 minutes, you took a full 11 minutes. Instead of 10 minutes, you took a full 11 minutes. Instead of 10 minutes, you took a full 11 minutes. You went.  Friend Babu, one doesn't know the time in You went.  Friend Babu, one doesn't know the time in You went.  Friend Babu, one doesn't know the time in love, even if it takes 11 minutes or even 12 love, even if it takes 11 minutes or even 12 love, even if it takes 11 minutes or even 12 minutes, whatever happens will happen, find out where it is. minutes, whatever happens will happen, find out where it is. minutes, whatever happens will happen, find out where it is. Now if my father has a plot of land, Now if my father has a plot of land, Now if my father has a plot of land, I would have settled it. We have only one I would have settled it. We have only one I would have settled it. We have only one plot of 200 yards, so I will take it alone. plot of 200 yards, so I will take it alone. plot of 200 yards, so I will take it alone. Now you decide where I will go. But now Now you decide where I will go. But now Now you decide where I will go. But now I will go with you friend, I will go with you friend, I will go with you friend, so where should I take you? I will tell you to think for a so where should I take you? I will tell you to think for a so where should I take you? I will tell you to think for a while. Where should I think? while. Where should I think? while. Where should I think? Where should I take you? Where should I take you? Where should I take you? Think quickly. Okay, hey, wait friend, let Think quickly. Okay, hey, wait friend, let Think quickly. Okay, hey, wait friend, let me think a little bit. Let me me think a little bit. Let me think about this idea. Come on, come on, think about this idea. Come on, come on, think about this idea. Come on, come on, tell me, let's go to that village. tell me, let's go to that village. tell me, let's go to that village. Listen, wait, I will see if daddy is at home. Listen, wait, I will see if daddy is at home. Listen, wait, I will see if daddy is at home. No, okay, No, okay, No, okay, okay, daddy, no one is at home. Come, come, come, take it. Hey, no one is at home. Come, come, come, take it. Hey, no one is at home. Come, come, come, take it. Hey, why are you hitting? Who is why are you hitting? Who is why are you hitting? Who is standing there to hit? Hey, please come down once, or have food. By the way, friend, Hey, please come down once, or have food. By the way, friend, Hey, please come down once, or have food. By the way, friend, daddy, you went to take a bath, who brought the stove here? daddy, you went to take a bath, who brought the stove here? Hey, my friend, why are you hanging them? If you are listening to me Hey, my friend, why are you hanging them? If you are listening to me Hey, my friend, why are you hanging them? If you are listening to me that we brought ours in such a way that we brought ours in such a way Hey daddy, why are you digging your head in this old age friend Hey what's Hey daddy, why are you digging your head in this old age friend Hey what's Hey daddy, why are you digging your head in this old age friend Hey what's this lost Gudda, so this is the this lost Gudda, so this is the this lost Gudda, so this is the public Chota daddy is my friend, I have public Chota daddy is my friend, I have public Chota daddy is my friend, I have exams in Uttarakhand, so I brought him to Haryana for exams in Uttarakhand, so I brought him to Haryana for exams in Uttarakhand, so I brought him to Haryana for two-four days, still stay at our house two-four days, still stay at our house two-four days, still stay at our house Yes dad are you Yes dad are you Yes dad are you serious, by the way I am so tired in our house serious, by the way I am so tired in our house serious, by the way I am so tired in our house and you will say hey you first get it off and you will say hey you first get it off and you will say hey you first get it off here, there is a lot of weight, here, there is a lot of weight, here, there is a lot of weight, I am not able to contain it, hey daddy, sleep a little, I am not able to contain it, hey daddy, sleep a little, I am not able to contain it, hey daddy, sleep a little, see there is something, see there is something, see there is something, hey still a father needs the support of his son friend, hey still a father needs the support of his son friend, hey still a father needs the support of his son friend, so daddy, that too, I need so daddy, that too, I need so daddy, that too, I need all the farm, look at the farm, I am joking daddy, joking friend all the farm, look at the farm, I am joking daddy, joking friend all the farm, look at the farm, I am joking daddy, joking friend baby baby baby I am suffocating in these clothes, it is very hot, I am suffocating in these clothes, it is very hot, I am suffocating in these clothes, it is very hot, how long will I have to stay in these clothes how long will I have to stay in these clothes how long will I have to stay in these clothes hey stop, just go, I am breaking my heart, wait hey stop, just go, I am breaking my heart, wait hey stop, just go, I am breaking my heart, wait a second hey where are you going baby baby a second hey where are you going baby baby a second hey where are you going baby baby Bhaiya, call Baba Baba sometimes baby, Bhaiya, call Baba Baba sometimes baby, Bhaiya, call Baba Baba sometimes baby, how are you baby baba? how are you baby baba? how are you baby baba? I am fine son, but where is your friend's I am fine son, but where is your friend's I am fine son, but where is your friend's name? name? name? My name is Deepak My name is Deepak My name is Deepak Deepak Baba Deepak Sheng Ki Rapper Sheng Ki Deepak Baba Deepak Sheng Ki Rapper Sheng Ki Deepak Baba Deepak Sheng Ki Rapper Sheng Ki Rapper Rapper Rapper Yo Baba my name is Shaky Rapper and I am Yo Baba my name is Shaky Rapper and I am Yo Baba my name is Shaky Rapper and I am better than you [laughs] better than you [laughs] better than you [laughs] Oye who hit me Oye who hit me Oye who hit me friend you are very strong what can you do to you friend you are very strong what can you do to you friend you are very strong what can you do to you Baba here I am adding words to the word rap Baba here I am adding words to the word rap Baba here I am adding words to the word rap means there is a latch you are putting a tail in the latch the tail is hanging means there is a latch you are putting a tail in the latch the tail is hanging means there is a latch you are putting a tail in the latch the tail is hanging on the tail chata chat tell chetthi chetthi on the tail chata chat tell chetthi chetthi on the tail chata chat tell chetthi chetthi crying Chata I do crying Chata I do crying Chata I do n't love why don't I do it oh n't love why don't I do it oh n't love why don't I do it oh chi I liked it this way it will remain like this where are you singing or it is where are you singing or it is where are you singing or it is good so thank you brother listen good so thank you brother listen good so thank you brother listen what do you want to hear Baba you are [ __ ] what do you want to hear Baba you are [ __ ] what do you want to hear Baba you are [ __ ] Baba [ __ ] [ __ ] you are singing songs [ __ ] I Baba [ __ ] [ __ ] you are singing songs [ __ ] I Baba [ __ ] [ __ ] you are singing songs [ __ ] I said [ __ ] Baba said [ __ ] Baba said [ __ ] Baba sit down while singing a song friend you are sit down while singing a song friend you are sit down while singing a song friend you are very talented friend you are very much friend very talented friend you are very much friend very talented friend you are very much friend why are you wearing nails on your hands why are you wearing nails on your hands why are you wearing nails on your hands Baba you know what fashion fashion fashion Baba you know what fashion fashion fashion Baba you know what fashion fashion fashion oh daddy these rappers paper na do anything na oh daddy these rappers paper na do anything na oh daddy these rappers paper na do anything na bloody lipstick etc no bloody lipstick etc no bloody lipstick etc no viddhani na kor viddhani aise re rapper this is viddhani na kor viddhani aise re rapper this is viddhani na kor viddhani aise re rapper this is looking good Saki Bhai don't mind very looking good Saki Bhai don't mind very looking good Saki Bhai don't mind very much  It looks good, by the way this much  It looks good, by the way this much  It looks good, by the way this is definitely the right way, I am saying from here, hey is definitely the right way, I am saying from here, hey is definitely the right way, I am saying from here, hey rapper, give water to the dhore and throw it near the jungle, rapper, give water to the dhore and throw it near the jungle, come come come mom, why did you do this to me, dad, it was mom, why did you do this to me, dad, it was mom, why did you do this to me, dad, it was okay but I did okay but I did okay but I did not expect this from you.  You also loved me. not expect this from you.  You also loved me. not expect this from you.  You also loved me. After all, what crime did I commit by falling in love After all, what crime did I commit by falling in love After all, what crime did I commit by falling in love ?  [laughter] ?  [laughter] ?  [laughter] Hey, Fakie, how are you looking, brother? Hey, Fakie, how are you looking, brother? Hey, Fakie, how are you looking, brother? No Baba no I am not crying Baba.  That No Baba no I am not crying Baba.  That No Baba no I am not crying Baba.  That Baba, that Sugggi made me cut onions.  That Baba, that Sugggi made me cut onions.  That Baba, that Sugggi made me cut onions.  That 's why Baba, my tears started flowing Baba. 's why Baba, my tears started flowing Baba. 's why Baba, my tears started flowing Baba. This Baba, This Baba, This Baba, hey, you are crazy.  Wow, hey, you are crazy.  Wow, hey, you are crazy.  Wow, how can I respect gas?  Now you say don't pay attention, do how can I respect gas?  Now you say don't pay attention, do how can I respect gas?  Now you say don't pay attention, do n't tell the community, do it, Baba, Baba, Baba, why are you crying, will you get me arrested, why are you crying, will you get me arrested, why are you crying, will you get me arrested, I am missing my family, I have to go to I am missing my family, I have to go to I am missing my family, I have to go to my home, my home, my home, friend, I remember everything, I have to bear it, friend, love, friend, I remember everything, I have to bear it, friend, love, friend, I remember everything, I have to bear it, friend, love, this is what love is, tell me where else is love, I don't know, this is what love is, tell me where else is love, I don't know, I have to go to my home, I have to go to my home, I have to go to my home, friend Babu, it is just a matter of a few days, then I will convince friend Babu, it is just a matter of a few days, then I will convince friend Babu, it is just a matter of a few days, then I will convince you, Papa, then our marriage, you, Papa, then our marriage, you, Papa, then our marriage, children, travelling, Kinno, we will go on a trip to Indonesia, it will be children, travelling, Kinno, we will go on a trip to Indonesia, it will be children, travelling, Kinno, we will go on a trip to Indonesia, it will be great.  Don't great.  Don't great.  Don't worry Babu.  It's just a matter of a few days, worry Babu.  It's just a matter of a few days, worry Babu.  It's just a matter of a few days, just stop.   It's just stop.   It's just stop.   It's definitely a matter of a few days, right? definitely a matter of a few days, right? definitely a matter of a few days, right? Sure Babu, it's just a matter of a few more days.  Just Sure Babu, it's just a matter of a few more days.  Just Sure Babu, it's just a matter of a few more days.  Just bear it a little more.  I will work a little now. bear it a little more.  I will work a little now. O O O where are you bowing?  O [screaming sound] bend over. where are you bowing?  O [screaming sound] bend over. where are you bowing?  O [screaming sound] bend over. Hey, why are you tearing the gate?  Like this home. Hey, why are you tearing the gate?  Like this home. Hey, why are you tearing the gate?  Like this home. Hey, you listen.  Why are you not picking up the phone?  It's been so many Hey, you listen.  Why are you not picking up the phone?  It's been so many Hey, you listen.  Why are you not picking up the phone?  It's been so many days, so days, so days, so who can I tell you? who can I tell you? who can I tell you? Hey community?  Who stays in friendship, stays Hey community?  Who stays in friendship, stays Hey community?  Who stays in friendship, stays in friendship like this I have got complete love, in friendship like this I have got complete love, in friendship like this I have got complete love, call me call me call me hey friend I am busy a little, hey friend I am busy a little, hey friend I am busy a little, why are you busy Suki Suki hey why are you busy Suki Suki hey you what an item you what an item you what an item hey friend I am busy with my friend I am hey friend I am busy with my friend I am hey friend I am busy with my friend I am roaming around my friend is Senki roaming around my friend is Senki roaming around my friend is Senki boy and girl you are a boy but the boy and girl you are a boy but the boy and girl you are a boy but the girl is a little so right now you have a girl is a little so right now you have a girl is a little so right now you have a new friend, a new friend of new friend, a new friend of new friend, a new friend of mine hey brother what are mine hey brother what are mine hey brother what are we doing brother we doing brother we doing brother you are old rice you are new you are old rice you are new you are old rice you are new look right but look right but look right but you look more like a pot than a Senki and brother she hey you look more like a pot than a Senki and brother she hey you look more like a pot than a Senki and brother she hey what's shouting what's shouting what's shouting Suki how is the setting here looking at home Suki how is the setting here looking at home Suki how is the setting here looking at home hey no you I was in Uttarakhand I came to give my exam hey no you I was in Uttarakhand I came to give my exam hey no you I was in Uttarakhand I came to give my exam my friend seemed very old girl and my friend seemed very old girl and my friend seemed very old girl and boy but you hey boy but you hey boy but you hey no but the system is different such weak no but the system is different such weak no but the system is different such weak girls like hey Suggi you don't leave me as soon as you come oh then hey Suggi you don't leave me as soon as you come oh then hey Suggi you don't leave me as soon as you come oh then where will I leave you friend you are my where will I leave you friend you are my where will I leave you friend you are my very old friend so you new friend where will I leave you because of you friend very old friend so you new friend where will I leave you because of you friend tell me hey you have a tell me hey you have a tell me hey you have a body you are wearing lipstick body you are wearing lipstick body you are wearing lipstick bro I am a rapper you no rapper your fashion bro hey bro I am a rapper you no rapper your fashion bro hey bro I am a rapper you no rapper your fashion bro hey where are you Suggi where are you Suggi where are you Suggi oh Suggi mo Kotla  If I gave you the keys, uncle, I will oh Suggi mo Kotla  If I gave you the keys, uncle, I will oh Suggi mo Kotla  If I gave you the keys, uncle, I will make onion curry. Hey, the keys are make onion curry. Hey, the keys are make onion curry. Hey, the keys are buried under the bricks, we are washing the motor. Is it buried under the bricks, we are washing the motor. Is it okay, okay, okay, daddy, a solution of ₹500 will be done. A daddy, a solution of ₹500 will be done. A daddy, a solution of ₹500 will be done. A solution of ₹500 will be done. I will pay the solution of ₹500 will be done. I will pay the solution of ₹500 will be done. I will pay the salary. The salary is yours and mine. salary. The salary is yours and mine. salary. The salary is yours and mine. Daddy, tell me to eat baked momos. Give me the paper. Daddy, tell me to eat baked momos. Give me the paper. Daddy, tell me to eat baked momos. Give me the paper. Eat momos. Eat momos. Eat momos. Papa, if I eat momos after giving the paper, then I will have the Papa, if I eat momos after giving the paper, then I will have the Papa, if I eat momos after giving the paper, then I will have the paper. So, first give me the paper. Hey paper. So, first give me the paper. Hey paper. So, first give me the paper. Hey Ram Ram uncle. Ram Ram uncle. Ram Ram uncle. Hey Nagar sahab, you Hey Nagar sahab, you Hey Nagar sahab, you brother uncle, I am saying that the people who will propose are brother uncle, I am saying that the people who will propose are brother uncle, I am saying that the people who will propose are coming coming tomorrow. Give me the time at 2 o'clock. How can I do it by lying? Lie, lie, lie. I don't know what any air profile is. Hey, don't worry, nothing is wrong with you. I have convinced you yesterday that the matter was taken care of. The problem of your childhood tomorrow. Give me the time at 2 o'clock. How can I do it by lying? Lie, lie, lie. I don't know what any air profile is. Hey, don't worry, nothing is wrong with you. I have convinced you yesterday that the matter was taken care of. The problem of your childhood tomorrow. Give me the time at 2 o'clock. How can I do it by lying? Lie, lie, lie. I don't know what any air profile is. Hey, don't worry, nothing is wrong with you. I have convinced you yesterday that the matter was taken care of. The problem of your childhood and your son will remain. No and your son will remain. No and your son will remain. No one will keep it. Okay, no problem, still you are ours. one will keep it. Okay, no problem, still you are ours. Hey wait, the proposal is coming tomorrow. Hey wait, the proposal is coming tomorrow. Hey wait, the proposal is coming tomorrow. Your children are coming. So, make it as you can. Hey, get the proposal done. Your children are coming. So, make it as you can. Hey, get the proposal done. Your children are coming. So, make it as you can. Hey, get the proposal done. Hey, get the proposal done. Hey, get the proposal done. Hey, get the proposal done. Hey, get the proposal done. Listen more Hey, get the proposal done. Listen more What are all these people saying, What are all these people saying, What are all these people saying, friend Babu, what is the right thing to say, but this is of no friend Babu, what is the right thing to say, but this is of no friend Babu, what is the right thing to say, but this is of no use, I have got 100 proposals till now.  The use, I have got 100 proposals till now.  The use, I have got 100 proposals till now.  The matter has not been resolved and will matter has not been resolved and will matter has not been resolved and will not be resolved.  Why are you taking tension? You are getting not be resolved.  Why are you taking tension? You are getting not be resolved.  Why are you taking tension? You are getting worried here without any reason. I mean, worried here without any reason. I mean, worried here without any reason. I mean, I should not take tension. I should not take tension. I should not take tension. Don't worry about the middleman coming here and going to his Don't worry about the middleman coming here and going to his Don't worry about the middleman coming here and going to his own house, the marriage may own house, the marriage may own house, the marriage may not happen by then.  Someone please get us married.   What not happen by then.  Someone please get us married.   What not happen by then.  Someone please get us married.   What if you say yes? if you say yes? if you say yes? Hey no, I will do it friend.  I will Hey no, I will do it friend.  I will Hey no, I will do it friend.  I will marry you only if you are in my heart. marry you only if you are in my heart. marry you only if you are in my heart. And if you still do it then. And if you still do it then. And if you still do it then. Now tell me you won't get beaten. Friends, Badshah filed a case against Honey Singh. Friends, Badshah filed a case against Honey Singh. Friends, Badshah filed a case against Honey Singh. Ram Ram ji Ram Ram Ram Ram ji Ram Ram Ram Ram ji Ram Ram ji Ram Ram ji Ram Ram ji Ram Ram ji Ram ji Ram Ram ji Ram Ram ji Ram Ram ji Ram ji Ram Ram ji Ram Ram ji Ram Ram ji Ram Ram ji come come give me the address ji, please tell me, Ram ji come come give me the address ji, please tell me, yes ji, I did not think that whatever has to be done has to be done, yes ji, I did not think that whatever has to be done has to be done, yes ji, I did not think that whatever has to be done has to be done, why set it late, it is not right anyway, friend, let that time be over, why set it late, it is not right anyway, friend, let that time be over, you thought right, you have come on time you thought right, you have come on time you thought right, you have come on time because today I have to do the mowing for one and a half hour, because today I have to do the mowing for one and a half hour, because today I have to do the mowing for one and a half hour, okay okay, okay okay, okay okay, yes three trolleys are stuck, those mowings have to be cut, by the way the yes three trolleys are stuck, those mowings have to be cut, by the way the fields are fine, yes ji the fields are fine, yes ji the fields are fine, yes ji the fields are fine, you tell me are you fine, oh fields are fine, you tell me are you fine, oh fields are fine, you tell me are you fine, oh no ji, no yes no ji, no yes no ji, no yes no ji, it is getting completed fine, right, by the no ji, it is getting completed fine, right, by the no ji, it is getting completed fine, right, by the way I am asking how many fields do way I am asking how many fields do way I am asking how many fields do you have?  Let us live on our farm, we are dependent on the land, right now you have?  Let us live on our farm, we are dependent on the land, right now you have?  Let us live on our farm, we are dependent on the land, right now it is submerged, when the it is submerged, when the it is submerged, when the land dries up, we will settle down, land dries up, we will settle down, land dries up, we will settle down, we will become something, anyway there must be we will become something, anyway there must be we will become something, anyway there must be some small plots, some small plots, some small plots, yes I have taken a small plot, it would be so much, so much, yes I have taken a small plot, it would be so much, so much, yes I have taken a small plot, it would be so much, so much, according to me, so there is a according to me, so there is a according to me, so there is a cap for the toilet, that's why you are cap for the toilet, that's why you are cap for the toilet, that's why you are not getting space, take it to the father, let me show it to you, 100 ₹50, oh no no no let it be, not getting space, take it to the father, let me show it to you, 100 ₹50, oh no no no let it be, these are both your children, these are both your children, these are both your children, yes, like this the elder brother is the son and the younger one, yes, like this the elder brother is the son and the younger one, yes, like this the elder brother is the son and the younger one, yes, so, where are you calling the son, where are you telling? yes, so, where are you calling the son, where are you telling? yes, so, where are you calling the son, where are you telling? Yes, that will happen.  Sukhade?   Oh yes. Yes, that will happen.  Sukhade?   Oh yes. Yes, daddy. Yes, daddy. Yes, daddy. Come.  Pam Le. Come.  Pam Le. Come.  Pam Le. Uncle, palle dam dev.  This one.   The Uncle, palle dam dev.  This one.   The Uncle, palle dam dev.  This one.   The boy is quite good, by the way.   Don't let it be too boy is quite good, by the way.   Don't let it be too boy is quite good, by the way.   Don't let it be too much.  He is only 25 years old, much.  He is only 25 years old, much.  He is only 25 years old, how old is Lali? how old is Lali? how old is Lali? She is 22 years old. She is 22 years old. She is 22 years old. You are 25. You are 25. You are 25. So, that's a lot, right? So, that's a lot, right? So, that's a lot, right? No, no problem, I will get the meter backed, I will get it done. No, no problem, I will get the meter backed, I will get it done. Ok?  Go and bring some snacks for Chaudhary Saheb. Ok?  Go and bring some snacks for Chaudhary Saheb. Ok?  Go and bring some snacks for Chaudhary Saheb. Have tea too, Have tea too, Have tea too, tea will come and I am tea will come and I am tea will come and I am eating a little more snacks in my fist, Gamla Gamla, like this, my own, Gamla Gamla, like this, my own, Gamla Gamla, like this, my own, Sukhi, there is a lot of it there, paper wrapper, what if you come to Sukhi, there is a lot of it there, paper wrapper, what if you come to Sukhi, there is a lot of it there, paper wrapper, what if you come to stay here for two-four days, Senki, son, come stay here for two-four days, Senki, son, come stay here for two-four days, Senki, son, come here, son, hey, hi, here, son, hey, hi, here, son, hey, hi, whats up, dude, Ram Ram ji, how are you, are you whats up, dude, Ram Ram ji, how are you, are you whats up, dude, Ram Ram ji, how are you, are you looking good, what are you saying, Senki, speak to looking good, what are you saying, Senki, speak to looking good, what are you saying, Senki, speak to me very loudly, if you hadn't, you would have said it was me very loudly, if you hadn't, you would have said it was me very loudly, if you hadn't, you would have said it was very good, we are doing well, very good, we are doing well, very good, we are doing well, why would I have said about marriage, hey, you why would I have said about marriage, hey, you why would I have said about marriage, hey, you look good, you are single, you are look good, you are single, you are look good, you are single, you are not some rapper, paper, you have become a dick, I not some rapper, paper, you have become a dick, I not some rapper, paper, you have become a dick, I mean, get married like this, oh, at least let's see, get married once, oh, no, no, mean, get married like this, oh, at least let's see, get married once, oh, no, no, Baba, there is no talk of marriage right now, Baba, there is no talk of marriage right now, Baba, there is no talk of marriage right now, and neither do I have to do it right now, do and neither do I have to do it right now, do and neither do I have to do it right now, do one thing, Chaudhary saheb, get me one thing, Chaudhary saheb, get me one thing, Chaudhary saheb, get me married, no, married, no, married, no, look, I said, darling, I don't know look, I said, darling, I don't know look, I said, darling, I don't know who the parents are, if you like it, then do it, if you like it, then do it, if you like it, then who the parents are, if you like it, then do it, if you like it, then do it, if you like it, then both Lali will get both Lali will get both Lali will get married and oh married and oh married and oh yes, there will be two Lali as well, yes, there will be two Lali as well, yes, there will be two Lali as well, so one will be for Sukhi, one will be for Ya, so one will be for Sukhi, one will be for Ya, so one will be for Sukhi, one will be for Ya, Saki son, talk to your father, Saki son, talk to your father, Saki son, talk to your father, no, no, father, right now my  There is no, no, father, right now my  There is no, no, father, right now my  There is no plan for marriage and I am also not feeling hot either, no plan for marriage and I am also not feeling hot either, no plan for marriage and I am also not feeling hot either, hey daddy no, papa papa, it's just mommy no, hey hey daddy no, papa papa, it's just mommy no, hey hey daddy no, papa papa, it's just mommy no, hey wait Panch, I will talk to mommy, what if it happens, wait Panch, I will talk to mommy, what if it happens, see Chaudhary saheb, I really like Moh, we will see Chaudhary saheb, I really like Moh, we will see Chaudhary saheb, I really like Moh, we will sit here and talk tomorrow, call your mommy sit here and talk tomorrow, call your mommy sit here and talk tomorrow, call your mommy tomorrow and I will also come, tomorrow and I will also come, tomorrow and I will also come, yes, so no problem, talk to your mommy, I will come any day, yes, so no problem, talk to your mommy, I will come any day, yes, so no problem, talk to your mommy, I will come any day, if you call me to your house, I will go there, if she comes here, I will come if you call me to your house, I will go there, if she comes here, I will come if you call me to your house, I will go there, if she comes here, I will come here, there should be no here, there should be no here, there should be no problem, problem, problem, hey baba, this is not a big deal, you ca hey baba, this is not a big deal, you ca hey baba, this is not a big deal, you ca n't marry me.  Suki, tell me, n't marry me.  Suki, tell me, n't marry me.  Suki, tell me, I can't get married like this. I can't get married like this. I can't get married like this. Friend, daddy is not a friend, such a daddy cannot be, Friend, daddy is not a friend, such a daddy cannot be, Friend, daddy is not a friend, such a daddy cannot be, you understand the matter. you understand the matter. you understand the matter. Hey, it's okay, take solace. Hey, it's okay, take solace. Hey, it's okay, take solace. You did not make me sit around the neck.  We will talk tomorrow, then we will You did not make me sit around the neck.  We will talk tomorrow, then we will You did not make me sit around the neck.  We will talk tomorrow, then we will see. see. see. Hey, I found out about him.  You start Hey, I found out about him.  You start Hey, I found out about him.  You start crying at every little thing [laughs]. crying at every little thing [laughs]. crying at every little thing [laughs]. What do you think?  I don't love. What do you think?  I don't love. What do you think?  I don't love. Which mother will not love her child? Which mother will not love her child? Which mother will not love her child? But that's what he did [laughs]. But that's what he did [laughs]. But that's what he did [laughs]. I did not expect my I did not expect my I did not expect my daughter to do this.  I had my [laughs] daughter.  My values ​​were daughter to do this.  I had my [laughs] daughter.  My values ​​were daughter to do this.  I had my [laughs] daughter.  My values ​​were in him.  He was my blood.  But he did a in him.  He was my blood.  But he did a in him.  He was my blood.  But he did a great wrong by doing all this. great wrong by doing all this. great wrong by doing all this. Okay, don't cry.  We will bring him. Okay, don't cry.  We will bring him. Okay, don't cry.  We will bring him. Hey, what's the problem in telling, this is your setting.  I am Hey, what's the problem in telling, this is your setting.  I am Hey, what's the problem in telling, this is your setting.  I am telling you about Mo's Penky.  Dude is telling you about Mo's Penky.  Dude is telling you about Mo's Penky.  Dude is talking about trust in friendship. talking about trust in friendship. Friend, friendship is no big deal.  I am confused. Friend, friendship is no big deal.  I am confused. Friend, friendship is no big deal.  I am confused. How do I explain the meaning?  You must be confused, I do How do I explain the meaning?  You must be confused, I do How do I explain the meaning?  You must be confused, I do n't know what you have n't know what you have n't know what you have understood. understood. understood. Hey, stop it, both of you friends, my life is about to be Hey, stop it, both of you friends, my life is about to be Hey, stop it, both of you friends, my life is about to be ruined and you both are ruined and you both are ruined and you both are stuck in confusion. stuck in confusion. stuck in confusion. Hey, this will happen because of attachment, friends. Hey, this will happen because of attachment, friends. Hey, this will happen because of attachment, friends. Relatives will come every six months or years. Those Relatives will come every six months or years. Those Relatives will come every six months or years. Those relatives will come, so this will happen because of attachment. relatives will come, so this will happen because of attachment. relatives will come, so this will happen because of attachment. Because of your relatives, I Because of your relatives, I Because of your relatives, I too will get married, that too to a girl. too will get married, that too to a girl. too will get married, that too to a girl. You are crazy, how crazy are you? Hey, if any You are crazy, how crazy are you? Hey, if any You are crazy, how crazy are you? Hey, if any marriage happens like this, we will see to it. No problem, marriage happens like this, we will see to it. No problem, marriage happens like this, we will see to it. No problem, my mother has called me, I haven't called any big guns, my mother has called me, I haven't called any big guns, my mother has called me, I haven't called any big guns, I will take care of it myself. Don't worry, don't worry, be I will take care of it myself. Don't worry, don't worry, be I will take care of it myself. Don't worry, don't worry, be completely tension-free. You will definitely get it done by tomorrow. Do it, completely tension-free. You will definitely get it done by tomorrow. Do it, completely tension-free. You will definitely get it done by tomorrow. Do it, Chaudhary sahab. I have talked to Saki, have you found out if she is there? Chaudhary sahab. I have talked to Saki, have you found out if she is there? Chaudhary sahab. I have talked to Saki, have you found out if she is there? Check it once. You also ask her. Yes, Saki, did you Check it once. You also ask her. Yes, Saki, did you Check it once. You also ask her. Yes, Saki, did you talk to your mother? Hey, talk to your mother? Hey, talk to your mother? Hey, uncle, I have talked to my mother, uncle, I have talked to my mother, uncle, I have talked to my mother, she is on her way. she is on her way. she is on her way. Yes, talk a little more, see to this roti Yes, talk a little more, see to this roti Yes, talk a little more, see to this roti wala, wala, wala, hey, Santram's house is just like this, Santram, he is hey, Santram's house is just like this, Santram, he is hey, Santram's house is just like this, Santram, he is King, hey, the boy was like this, hey, hey, he is King, hey, the boy was like this, hey, hey, he is hitting me.  Hey oh Anta hey hitting me.  Hey oh Anta hey hitting me.  Hey oh Anta hey you cried, you made the Veer wali booty, move away from you cried, you made the Veer wali booty, move away from you cried, you made the Veer wali booty, move away from here, here, here, I will throw both of them, I will make them throwable, I will throw both of them, I will make them throwable, I will throw both of them, I will make them throwable, where is this girl, where is this girl, where is this girl, hey what is the point of hitting your daughter, hey what is the point of hitting your daughter, hey what is the point of hitting your daughter, then hand her over to me, I will ask you, tell me then hand her over to me, I will ask you, tell me Papa, tell me the love, girl, I should just Papa, tell me the love, girl, I should just Papa, tell me the love, girl, I should just stay at home all the time, hey, where is this drama, where is this drama going on, I should stay at home all the time, hey, where is this drama, where is this drama going on, I should stay at home all the time, hey, where is this drama, where is this drama going on, I should not do this, who is getting the boy married, not do this, who is getting the boy married, how can someone get my Saki married like this, how can someone get my Saki married like this, hey Saki's mom, hey Saki's mom, hey Saki's mom, yes I am Saki's mom, if you want to take the plunge then do it, whatever you want to take out of yes I am Saki's mom, if you want to take the plunge then do it, whatever you want to take out of yes I am Saki's mom, if you want to take the plunge then do it, whatever you want to take out of true love, that is true love, that is true love, that is also fine, he is an artist.  I am saying that I should arrange a also fine, he is an artist.  I am saying that I should arrange a also fine, he is an artist.  I am saying that I should arrange a marriage for Sanki. marriage for Sanki. marriage for Sanki. Yes, wait, you will arrange Sengi's marriage. Yes, wait, you will arrange Sengi's marriage. Yes, wait, you will arrange Sengi's marriage. First spit and see how bad death is. First spit and see how bad death is. First spit and see how bad death is. Hey, there is blood in the dead body. Hey, there is blood in the dead body. Hey, there is blood in the dead body. Hey, leave him.  First hand it over to me. Hey, leave him.  First hand it over to me. Hey, leave him.  First hand it over to me. Hey, get it done, I am telling you. Hey, get it done, I am telling you. Hey, get it done, I am telling you. Hey, that's enough.  Stop.  And I am not some Hey, that's enough.  Stop.  And I am not some Hey, that's enough.  Stop.  And I am not some Sengi Venki.  And mom and dad, Sengi Venki.  And mom and dad, Sengi Venki.  And mom and dad, here is your daughter.  And your daughter did not run away. here is your daughter.  And your daughter did not run away. here is your daughter.  And your daughter did not run away. Both of you had thrown him out of the house. Both of you had thrown him out of the house. Both of you had thrown him out of the house. And I love Sukhi very much. And I love Sukhi very much. And I love Sukhi very much. I want to live with him I want to live with him I want to live with him only, he has only, he has kept the expenses for four, run away, kept the expenses for four, run away, kept the expenses for four, run away, Santram, where has anyone reduced anything, who is this Santram, where has anyone reduced anything, who is this Santram, where has anyone reduced anything, who is this boy, who is this girl, who is this baker, who is boy, who is this girl, who is this baker, who is boy, who is this girl, who is this baker, who is someone's mother, I don't know anything, someone's mother, I don't know anything, someone's mother, I don't know anything, where have I got stuck, come on, where are you and where have I got stuck, come on, where are you and where have I got stuck, come on, where are you and whose mother are you, hey, what a mess, whose mother are you, hey, what a mess, whose mother are you, hey, what a mess, where have I got stuck, who have I got where have I got stuck, who have I got where have I got stuck, who have I got entangled in, entangled in, entangled in, Papa, you are doing very bad things to me, don't hit me now Papa, you are doing very bad things to me, don't hit me now Papa, you are doing very bad things to me, don't hit me now Baba, do this, I am Baba, do this, I am Baba, do this, I am not able to understand, something has happened till now, it has not able to understand, something has happened till now, it has broken.