I'm making a I'm making a I'm making a faun costume for Halloween, and this time the coolest faun costume for Halloween, and this time the coolest faun costume for Halloween, and this time the coolest part came out: the hoof boots! First, part came out: the hoof boots! First, part came out: the hoof boots! First, I sculpted the design. I sculpted the design. I sculpted the design. Next, I Next, I Next, I mixed up some silicone and then put everything in the mixed up some silicone and then put everything in the mixed up some silicone and then put everything in the box. Luckily, I had just box. Luckily, I had just box. Luckily, I had just enough silicone. After it dried, enough silicone. After it dried, enough silicone. After it dried, I took my model out of the mold, I took my model out of the mold, I took my model out of the mold, and then I started and then I started and then I started on the on the on the heel. Next, I heel. Next, I heel. Next, I filled the silicone mold with smoothcast and filled the silicone mold with smoothcast and filled the silicone mold with smoothcast and pressed the heel into it. I also attached pressed the heel into it. I also attached pressed the heel into it. I also attached a Velcro fastener with hot glue a Velcro fastener with hot glue a Velcro fastener with hot glue so I can so I can so I can remove or replace the tights if needed. remove or replace the tights if needed. remove or replace the tights if needed. I cut the bottom off the tights I cut the bottom off the tights I cut the bottom off the tights and then attached them to the Velcro with hot glue. and then attached them to the Velcro with hot glue. and then attached them to the Velcro with hot glue. Next, I added faux fur on top, Next, I added faux fur on top, Next, I added faux fur on top, also with also with also with hot glue, of course. Unfortunately, I didn't manage to spray the tights with the hot glue, of course. Unfortunately, I didn't manage to spray the tights with the hot glue, of course. Unfortunately, I didn't manage to spray the tights with the airbrush very well. airbrush very well. airbrush very well. Then I Then I Then I used acrylic paints to paint the hooves. used acrylic paints to paint the hooves. used acrylic paints to paint the hooves. This is the finished result, This is the finished result, This is the finished result, and apart from the tights, I think it's pretty cool. Feel free to and apart from the tights, I think it's pretty cool. Feel free to and apart from the tights, I think it's pretty cool. Feel free to write write write what you think in the comments! what you think in the comments! what you think in the comments!