Well, good day pilgrims and welcome to Well, good day pilgrims and welcome to Well, good day pilgrims and welcome to another monk production and welcome to another monk production and welcome to another monk production and welcome to this a review of the Sam ebike XD26, this a review of the Sam ebike XD26, this a review of the Sam ebike XD26, a lightweight ebike perfect for a lightweight ebike perfect for a lightweight ebike perfect for commuting, for recreation or for commuting, for recreation or for commuting, for recreation or for fitness. the team out at uh Sam eBike fitness. the team out at uh Sam eBike fitness. the team out at uh Sam eBike knew that I was in the market for an knew that I was in the market for an knew that I was in the market for an ebike and they said here Steve take this ebike and they said here Steve take this ebike and they said here Steve take this and see what you think. Grab your gear. and see what you think. Grab your gear. and see what you think. Grab your gear. Let's go. Well, this is how the bike was Well, this is how the bike was Well, this is how the bike was delivered. It uh the bike weighs about delivered. It uh the bike weighs about delivered. It uh the bike weighs about 25 kilos I guess including the battery 25 kilos I guess including the battery 25 kilos I guess including the battery which is pretty standard for most which is pretty standard for most which is pretty standard for most ebikes. There are instructions inside on ebikes. There are instructions inside on ebikes. There are instructions inside on how to assemble the bike along with all how to assemble the bike along with all how to assemble the bike along with all the tools that you'll need for the the tools that you'll need for the the tools that you'll need for the assembly. And there is an online assembly. And there is an online assembly. And there is an online tutorial if you think you need more tutorial if you think you need more tutorial if you think you need more assistance with the assembly of the assistance with the assembly of the assistance with the assembly of the bike. I'll post the link for that video bike. I'll post the link for that video bike. I'll post the link for that video in the description below. Let's go ahead in the description below. Let's go ahead in the description below. Let's go ahead and open up this bad boy. Heat. Heat. How are you? Heat. Heat. It's home. Drifting. Too late to catch the moon. Baby, we're drifting. Too late to catch the Baby, we're drifting down. >> Well, I've only been on the bike for a >> Well, I've only been on the bike for a >> Well, I've only been on the bike for a few minutes, but already my initial few minutes, but already my initial few minutes, but already my initial impressions are all positive. I've been impressions are all positive. I've been impressions are all positive. I've been cycling recreationally for about 40 cycling recreationally for about 40 cycling recreationally for about 40 years. I'm getting older. the hills seem years. I'm getting older. the hills seem years. I'm getting older. the hills seem to be getting steeper and I start to to be getting steeper and I start to to be getting steeper and I start to tire a bit easier now than what I used tire a bit easier now than what I used tire a bit easier now than what I used to. And so for that reason, I thought, to. And so for that reason, I thought, to. And so for that reason, I thought, yeah, perhaps an ebike is an option. The yeah, perhaps an ebike is an option. The yeah, perhaps an ebike is an option. The beauty about an ebike, certainly a pedal beauty about an ebike, certainly a pedal beauty about an ebike, certainly a pedal assist bike like this, is that you can assist bike like this, is that you can assist bike like this, is that you can have some assistance or you can have no have some assistance or you can have no have some assistance or you can have no assistance. So, you know, if you feel assistance. So, you know, if you feel assistance. So, you know, if you feel like working a bit harder, then just like working a bit harder, then just like working a bit harder, then just turn the power settings off. Uh, and it turn the power settings off. Uh, and it turn the power settings off. Uh, and it becomes all you. Speaking of power becomes all you. Speaking of power becomes all you. Speaking of power settings, this has five of them. And as settings, this has five of them. And as settings, this has five of them. And as I said, it's a pedal assist bike. If you I said, it's a pedal assist bike. If you I said, it's a pedal assist bike. If you stop pedaling, you stop moving. And it's stop pedaling, you stop moving. And it's stop pedaling, you stop moving. And it's got a sensor in it obviously that if it got a sensor in it obviously that if it got a sensor in it obviously that if it feels like there's more pressure on the feels like there's more pressure on the feels like there's more pressure on the pedals, then the motor starts doing more pedals, then the motor starts doing more pedals, then the motor starts doing more work. So yeah, five power settings. It work. So yeah, five power settings. It work. So yeah, five power settings. It will max out at 25 km an hour. That's an will max out at 25 km an hour. That's an will max out at 25 km an hour. That's an Australian standard here. Uh other Australian standard here. Uh other Australian standard here. Uh other countries may be different. And I countries may be different. And I countries may be different. And I believe you can tweak it so that you can believe you can tweak it so that you can believe you can tweak it so that you can get it to go up to 40 km an hour, which get it to go up to 40 km an hour, which get it to go up to 40 km an hour, which is what about 25 mph, I guess. But I is what about 25 mph, I guess. But I is what about 25 mph, I guess. But I won't bother doing that. I'll leave it won't bother doing that. I'll leave it won't bother doing that. I'll leave it at 25 ks an hour. And in a lot of cases, at 25 ks an hour. And in a lot of cases, at 25 ks an hour. And in a lot of cases, as I'm cycling, I sort of average around as I'm cycling, I sort of average around as I'm cycling, I sort of average around about 22 to 24 km an hour. So, the motor about 22 to 24 km an hour. So, the motor about 22 to 24 km an hour. So, the motor will be doing a little bit of work, not will be doing a little bit of work, not will be doing a little bit of work, not much. And if I feel like making myself much. And if I feel like making myself much. And if I feel like making myself work a bit harder, then I'll just work a bit harder, then I'll just work a bit harder, then I'll just turn the power assist off. And of turn the power assist off. And of turn the power assist off. And of course, that's going to prolong battery course, that's going to prolong battery course, that's going to prolong battery life as well. Uh the way I ride on flat life as well. Uh the way I ride on flat life as well. Uh the way I ride on flat level surfaces generally I'd expect level surfaces generally I'd expect level surfaces generally I'd expect maybe 100ks out of a battery out of a maybe 100ks out of a battery out of a maybe 100ks out of a battery out of a full charge but of course as soon as you full charge but of course as soon as you full charge but of course as soon as you start using the pedal assist that's start using the pedal assist that's start using the pedal assist that's going to change and of course the going to change and of course the going to change and of course the terrain and whether you're riding into a terrain and whether you're riding into a terrain and whether you're riding into a headwind or not but in the main I I headwind or not but in the main I I headwind or not but in the main I I would expect yeah about 100 km out of a would expect yeah about 100 km out of a would expect yeah about 100 km out of a full charge. Talking about pedal assist full charge. Talking about pedal assist full charge. Talking about pedal assist and no pedal no assist it does have a and no pedal no assist it does have a and no pedal no assist it does have a effectively a throttle on it as well. So effectively a throttle on it as well. So effectively a throttle on it as well. So if you get completely knackered, you if you get completely knackered, you if you get completely knackered, you could always use that and even without could always use that and even without could always use that and even without pedaling, it'll get you to about I think pedaling, it'll get you to about I think pedaling, it'll get you to about I think 20 km an hour. So yeah, initial 20 km an hour. So yeah, initial 20 km an hour. So yeah, initial impressions pretty good. Aluminium impressions pretty good. Aluminium impressions pretty good. Aluminium frame, quality finish on the on the frame, quality finish on the on the frame, quality finish on the on the frame. Sevenspeed Shimano gears. So frame. Sevenspeed Shimano gears. So frame. Sevenspeed Shimano gears. So quality stuff there. Front and rear quality stuff there. Front and rear quality stuff there. Front and rear shock absorbers to smooth out any bumps. shock absorbers to smooth out any bumps. shock absorbers to smooth out any bumps. Upright riding position, which is good. Upright riding position, which is good. Upright riding position, which is good. The electric motor in this case is in The electric motor in this case is in The electric motor in this case is in the hub, the rear hub. 26-in spoked the hub, the rear hub. 26-in spoked the hub, the rear hub. 26-in spoked wheels. As I said, it does have P five wheels. As I said, it does have P five wheels. As I said, it does have P five different power settings, easily different power settings, easily different power settings, easily adjusted on the instrument panel, adjusted on the instrument panel, adjusted on the instrument panel, and it's got a uh a very easy to read and it's got a uh a very easy to read and it's got a uh a very easy to read screen, which tells you how fast you're screen, which tells you how fast you're screen, which tells you how fast you're going, which power setting you're in, going, which power setting you're in, going, which power setting you're in, and some other information. Baby, you Too late. Too late to catch. >> So, this is when an ebike comes into its >> So, this is when an ebike comes into its >> So, this is when an ebike comes into its own. I'm going up a hill. Video footage own. I'm going up a hill. Video footage own. I'm going up a hill. Video footage doesn't doesn't do the hill justice. the doesn't doesn't do the hill justice. the doesn't doesn't do the hill justice. the slope, the degree of slope. I normally slope, the degree of slope. I normally slope, the degree of slope. I normally struggle up this might be down to about struggle up this might be down to about struggle up this might be down to about 8 or 10 km an hour 8 or 10 km an hour 8 or 10 km an hour and now I'm comfortably doing 20 and now I'm comfortably doing 20 and now I'm comfortably doing 20 with no sign of a sweat. So yeah, it's with no sign of a sweat. So yeah, it's with no sign of a sweat. So yeah, it's times like this and going into a times like this and going into a times like this and going into a headwind that I really appreciate the headwind that I really appreciate the headwind that I really appreciate the benefits of an ebike benefits of an ebike benefits of an ebike make cycling so much more pleasurable. make cycling so much more pleasurable. make cycling so much more pleasurable. The beauty of this ride for me, The beauty of this ride for me, The beauty of this ride for me, and I do it most days, it's about 20 and I do it most days, it's about 20 and I do it most days, it's about 20 kilometers kilometers kilometers around Lake Junelup. around Lake Junelup. around Lake Junelup. But the beauty is the wildlife, you But the beauty is the wildlife, you But the beauty is the wildlife, you know. There's Mother and Joey. know. There's Mother and Joey. know. There's Mother and Joey. Maybe a little bit hard to see. There we Maybe a little bit hard to see. There we Maybe a little bit hard to see. There we go. It's all right, Skip. It's all go. It's all right, Skip. It's all go. It's all right, Skip. It's all right. right. right. Oopsie. Oopsie. Oopsie. Yeah, they got no natural predators here Yeah, they got no natural predators here Yeah, they got no natural predators here around the lake. around the lake. around the lake. Maybe foxes which were introduced into Maybe foxes which were introduced into Maybe foxes which were introduced into this country by the Brits this country by the Brits this country by the Brits as a game animal for hunting. as a game animal for hunting. as a game animal for hunting. But otherwise, yep, they lead a blessed But otherwise, yep, they lead a blessed But otherwise, yep, they lead a blessed life. They skip. This is another hill that I struggle This is another hill that I struggle This is another hill that I struggle with and it's towards the end of my ride with and it's towards the end of my ride with and it's towards the end of my ride most days. So yeah, I don't uh most days. So yeah, I don't uh most days. So yeah, I don't uh I do not look forward to this part of I do not look forward to this part of I do not look forward to this part of the journey, but in this case, it's uh the journey, but in this case, it's uh the journey, but in this case, it's uh it's a walk in the park. Well, I've had the bike for a little Well, I've had the bike for a little Well, I've had the bike for a little while now. I've actually covered a while now. I've actually covered a while now. I've actually covered a little over 60 kilometers over the last little over 60 kilometers over the last little over 60 kilometers over the last few days. Uh Jackie, my wife, she took few days. Uh Jackie, my wife, she took few days. Uh Jackie, my wife, she took it for a ride yesterday it for a ride yesterday it for a ride yesterday and even without prompting, and even without prompting, and even without prompting, she said uh that the seat is really she said uh that the seat is really she said uh that the seat is really comfortable and that's got to that's got comfortable and that's got to that's got comfortable and that's got to that's got to pay dividends. The other thing she to pay dividends. The other thing she to pay dividends. The other thing she mentioned was the screen. It's a really mentioned was the screen. It's a really mentioned was the screen. It's a really easy to read screen easy to read screen easy to read screen even in full sun. even in full sun. even in full sun. And the third thing she mentioned was And the third thing she mentioned was And the third thing she mentioned was the ergonomic hand hand grips. These the ergonomic hand hand grips. These the ergonomic hand hand grips. These actually provide support to the heel of actually provide support to the heel of actually provide support to the heel of your of your hand, which obviously your of your hand, which obviously your of your hand, which obviously reduces fatigue, which has got to be a reduces fatigue, which has got to be a reduces fatigue, which has got to be a bonus when you're sitting in the upright bonus when you're sitting in the upright bonus when you're sitting in the upright position. So, yeah, for for her to say position. So, yeah, for for her to say position. So, yeah, for for her to say that, they clearly are standout features that, they clearly are standout features that, they clearly are standout features of this bike. of this bike. of this bike. Well, in summary, as I said a little Well, in summary, as I said a little Well, in summary, as I said a little while ago, the more I ride this bike, while ago, the more I ride this bike, while ago, the more I ride this bike, the more I enjoy riding it. And the the more I enjoy riding it. And the the more I enjoy riding it. And the beauty is it's affordable. You don't beauty is it's affordable. You don't beauty is it's affordable. You don't have to sell a kidney to be able to buy have to sell a kidney to be able to buy have to sell a kidney to be able to buy one. But look, if you think this might one. But look, if you think this might one. But look, if you think this might be the right bike for you or in fact one be the right bike for you or in fact one be the right bike for you or in fact one of their other many bikes, be it of their other many bikes, be it of their other many bikes, be it foldable or or or off-road, foldable or or or off-road, foldable or or or off-road, go and have a look at their website. go and have a look at their website. go and have a look at their website. I'll leave a link in the description I'll leave a link in the description I'll leave a link in the description below for this particular bike, the below for this particular bike, the below for this particular bike, the XT26, XT26, XT26, but I'll also leave a link to their but I'll also leave a link to their but I'll also leave a link to their website. And I'm pretty sure that website. And I'm pretty sure that website. And I'm pretty sure that there'll probably be some discount for there'll probably be some discount for there'll probably be some discount for YouTube viewers. So, yeah, have a look YouTube viewers. So, yeah, have a look YouTube viewers. So, yeah, have a look at what they have to offer. Look. at what they have to offer. Look. at what they have to offer. Look. Anyway, um this being the final Anyway, um this being the final Anyway, um this being the final approach. You know what that means? approach. You know what that means? approach. You know what that means? See you on the other side. We're drifting. Too late to catch the moonlight. We're drifting too late to catch