Spend a no scroll Sunday morning with Spend a no scroll Sunday morning with Spend a no scroll Sunday morning with me. I fear I spend way too much time on me. I fear I spend way too much time on me. I fear I spend way too much time on my phone, so I'm trying to be a little my phone, so I'm trying to be a little my phone, so I'm trying to be a little more intentional about how I start my more intentional about how I start my more intentional about how I start my day. I decided to read first thing in day. I decided to read first thing in day. I decided to read first thing in the morning because I feel like I've the morning because I feel like I've the morning because I feel like I've been slacking on that lately. And of been slacking on that lately. And of been slacking on that lately. And of course, Lady had to come sit on my lap course, Lady had to come sit on my lap course, Lady had to come sit on my lap for some cuddles. [music] After reading for some cuddles. [music] After reading for some cuddles. [music] After reading a few chapters, I did my skin care and a a few chapters, I did my skin care and a a few chapters, I did my skin care and a little light makeup because I decided I little light makeup because I decided I little light makeup because I decided I wanted to go out for bagels and sit by wanted to go out for bagels and sit by wanted to go out for bagels and sit by the water. Also made myself a little the water. Also made myself a little the water. Also made myself a little matcha because there isn't a day that matcha because there isn't a day that matcha because there isn't a day that goes by where I don't have one. And then goes by where I don't have one. And then goes by where I don't have one. And then I just got dressed and ready to head I just got dressed and ready to head I just got dressed and ready to head out. It felt so nice to have a little out. It felt so nice to have a little out. It felt so nice to have a little family outing and I've been wanting to family outing and I've been wanting to family outing and I've been wanting to try this [music] bagel place for so try this [music] bagel place for so try this [music] bagel place for so long. We found a little spot by the long. We found a little spot by the long. We found a little spot by the water and enjoyed our bagels. We got the water and enjoyed our bagels. We got the water and enjoyed our bagels. We got the lox and it was [music] so good. It felt lox and it was [music] so good. It felt lox and it was [music] so good. It felt so peaceful to just sit there and enjoy so peaceful to just sit there and enjoy so peaceful to just sit there and enjoy the moment instead of spending my the moment instead of spending my the moment instead of spending my mornings doom [music] scrolling. mornings doom [music] scrolling. mornings doom [music] scrolling. Honestly, I can get used to starting my Honestly, I can get used to starting my Honestly, I can get used to starting my Sundays like this.