That mother doesn't go to our house to have sex, That mother doesn't go to our house to have sex, That mother doesn't go to our house to have sex, you guys go somewhere outside to have sex you guys go somewhere outside to have sex you guys go somewhere outside to have sex . . . Hey, if your uncle told you to go outside, you Hey, if your uncle told you to go outside, you Hey, if your uncle told you to go outside, you would have locked the door and stayed there. would have locked the door and stayed there. would have locked the door and stayed there. Do something, there's Do something, there's Do something, there's only one idea for this. only one idea for this. only one idea for this. Dad, should we go to the swimming pool or should we leave without Dad, should we go to the swimming pool or should we leave without Dad, should we go to the swimming pool or should we leave without asking you? asking you? asking you? I'm jolly jolly jolly, success, I'm at the I'm jolly jolly jolly, success, I'm at the I'm jolly jolly jolly, success, I'm at the swimming pool. swimming pool. swimming pool. Okay, I'll buy a flight ticket and come back. Okay, I'll buy a flight ticket and come back. Okay, I'll buy a flight ticket and come back. Uncle, jump, uncle.  I want to jump, I Uncle, jump, uncle.  I want to jump, I want to jump too, but I can't jump, all the water is coming up want to jump too, but I can't jump, all the water is coming up want to jump too, but I can't jump, all the water is coming up .   It's .   It's .   It's so confusing. You've been so confusing. You've been so confusing. You've been kicked by a sinner. The tube you listened to [music][bell] Well, [music][bell] Well, [music][bell] Well, lake, swimming pool. lake, swimming pool. lake, swimming pool. Tell me in the comments where you like to bathe. Is Tell me in the comments where you like to bathe. Is Tell me in the comments where you like to bathe. Is everyone happy? It was great. Thanks, everyone happy? It was great. Thanks, uncle. I'll come next week, uncle. uncle. I'll come next week, uncle. uncle. I'll come next week, uncle.