This is Christoph, they chose Jesus for his LIFE. This is no serious If you don't know now what's happening we're gonna make your eyes really begins Rebecca I've driven 100 hours of love a bit. That was an ho lunar quMAN sorry! I drove the carrier in 100 hours of love wanting to visit us. Oh dear, I think it works really well for me. Go there properties! highest of the wildly personalism! Starting a young man! Where is the constraint? Good Indiana Jonesín megana? And for her, she justfueled the kid c proclamation It's smartphone What happened? Well it looked like a Sales of southern Russia taking effect he focused on food Well I know It will be anisation Well next I will You know the same thing You she talks a bit I wanted to make this www I'm not a good guy, we're not a good guy. And we're not supposed to be here, so... You're not going to be able to find me. But you're not a good guy. You're not a good guy. What's wrong? You're a good guy. If you're a good guy, you're not going to be able to do that. But you're not a good guy. No, I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good man! Don't cut his mouth! Oh, for applying kinder! You consent. Are you ******* nuts? paintings playing in the Biden range. If you're talking about something worse at home, say that. Desperation isn't going anywhere. Okay. And you have happiness. But he never gets that hard. Yeah, you have happiness! Oh, wow, wow, wow, wow. Oh, wow. Wow. I found she used to tell her problem when the question has been asked. She first asked to answer the answer That was a hard question. and ... I'm going to bring this party up. No, I'm not going to say anything about my friend, but I'm going to say something about my friend. Yes, it's a party up here, Rebecca. I'm not going to say anything about your smartwatch, but I'm going to say something about your good luck. Is it complete? Yes, it is. It's not a party up here. And yes, I'm going to say something about my friend. But I'm going to say something about my friend. Yes, break that ice. I'm sorry, I'm not going to say anything about my friend. It's because of my bad heart. What about your bad heart? Yes, I'm not going to say anything about your bad heart. Yes, break that ice by your bad heart. What about your personal IPE except one person that Chemistry cares about, and you might see me talking about myself, and she's not going to be able to see it. LAUGHTER APPLAUSE That's a song for Eins! The first song I heard was a song that I was going to sing and it's going to be a really, really good song. A good song for Eins. I don't know why it's so good. Rebecca, break your eyes and get out of here. I'm not really sure if it's a very performative song. LAUGHTER You're going to be a little bit high. I'm going to be a little bit high. LAUGHTER The rub is really good for the girls, Ein. LAUGHTER It's a good song for Eins. APPLAUSE It's a good song for Eins. Rebecca, break your eyes and get out of here. Come on, Eins. LAUGHTER You're going to be a little bit high. I'm going to be a little bit high. I'm going to be a little bit high. LAUGHTER What's the difference between a little bit high and a little bit high? Um, also, I'm a little bit high. I'm a little bit high. I'm a little bit middle-shoulder. LAUGHTER Rebecca, break your eyes. I'm going to be a little bit high. I'm going to be a little bit high. LAUGHTER That's the chance. That's the chance. We're very normal, Keis of Böre. Ein, Järdig, I have the Coke or some sort of cloud. LAUGHTER Come on, we're going to be a little bit high. We're going to be a little bit high. CHEERING We're going to be a little bit high. APPLAUSE You're going to be a little bit high. Try to scan in the comments. We're going to be a little bit high. We're going to be a little bit high. Christoph, it's me, my wife, you're Zeppelin. Zeppelin has a lot of things to do with extreme extreme-time shots. LAUGHTER Heilz, say what, Zeppelin? In Friedrich's half, you get extra Zeppelin if you're a little bit high. Zeppelin. LAUGHTER Rebecca, Zeppelin. This is not a common old-school, Ei Shebach. LAUGHTER Christoph, Zeppelin, what's your name? The mee-a-tself on Zeppelin is the one who said Zeppelin. LAUGHTER The mee-a-tself on Zeppelin. Zeppelin? Zeppelin. Zeppelin. Very good. Rebecca, give me one fact. Zeppelin is a very good friend of the one who said, well, you married me to a renin. LAUGHTER Give me one fact for Zeppelin. When you're with a neen-a-t, you're going to say, I'm a little bit high. LAUGHTER You're going to say, well, you're a little bit high in the video, but you're going to say, I'm a little bit high. LAUGHTER What's your story about Zeppelin? I'm not sure. Zeppelin was a very good friend of Zeppelin. In fact, when I was a little kid, Zeppelin was a very good friend of a very good friend. That was just a little bit of a question. Rebecca, better keep making sense of the Vil becoming an OR i'm quotes mean guess off keep us who are assumed to demeyeah I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. This stuff I'm presenting you with is a fact about Otsian. This is a fact about Otsian. But you know that the first time I saw you was in a room with a cat. Otsian. You're not a nice guy. I'm not a nice guy. I'm a nice guy. I'm a nice guy. I'm a nice guy. You're not a nice guy. And you're not a nice guy. Hi, I'm Skipper. What's your name? Schwangerschaft. I'm a very friendly friend. I'm not sure if I'm a nice guy or not. I'm sorry. You're not a nice guy. What's your name? What's your name? Kinda Penguin. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not a nice guy. Schwangerschaft, what's your name? I'm a very friendly friend. I'm not a nice guy. But you're not a nice guy. I'm not a nice guy. I'm a very friendly friend. What's your name? I'm not a nice guy. You're not a nice guy. No, I'm not. There you go. You have a nice guy, I've never heard of him before. Nice idea. Georg, you must go with me. Schwangerschaft. Really. whales. Hands-up. It's great not a nice guy, it's a nice guy. Well, I'm not a nice guy but I'm always nice and short as B- Sensei, who's kind of like sexually produces me so I'm a little comfy without a time. And then after a week event and they were always favorite sometimes.Different, right? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Christoph! The post-natalist question can be a bit rough. I'm not sure if it's a good question or not. What the hell? I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Oh, yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah, Christoph, I'm sorry. comparable it was rude. Yes. Thor blogs him the torture. Oh, well that's cool. It's been a while, Christoph. Yeah, I understand that. Well then, comparison results with Bachelor Jacqueline Sch Ann with the darkness and how the man is I'm about to say something and thatwas me There's no one want to give up Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you, and thank you very much. What a great Christoff. Kinda. What a great Christoff. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. What a great Christ guitar with and Yeah but What's with the kiss of Heinz? That's a receptacle of mine that's with an under-n in the way not speck of life. That most of the anchilles. Hey, Becca, what's with the kiss of... It's a caesar shman for an Azzie London. What's with the kiss of Heinz? I'm a rude voice that drives an outfit with Bumble with an inve What's with the kiss of... Am I in a what? Rebecca? I'm not here. That's not what I'm saying. What's with the kiss of Rebecca? It's a very strange thing that you're not even going to see. You're not going to see me again. Heinz, what's with the kiss of... Alex Stoltz is with the air that's in the monotone and the comedy man is with us. I'm a foreheader. But, what's with the kiss of Rebecca? That's a little bit when I'm on a gig. That's a little bit of a killer, Becca. Rebecca, what's with the kiss of... It's a flirt. What's with that? That's a ghost of a shit. That's a good flirt, that's a good text. The non-wepal or the web-al? That's a flirt, no. No, my non-wepal. And that's super. I'm not sure. What's with the bow? That's fine. I'm not sure. That's why the list of rages, Rebecca, will be with the kiss of Rebecca. That's why the motor will be with the kiss of Rebecca. That's why the list is... Hi, it's been for a minute, Christoph. That's why the motor, the tent, the father and the uncle will be with the bow of an average magazine. Rebecca, what's with the kiss of Christoph? That's a gross torture. That's why the missus is with the two of them. Hmm... The light is just kind. That's why the sun is so cold. Hi, it's Christoph and the cafe. But the only one I know is with the chef. One of the best Christoph impressions I've ever had. Rebecca, tell me what the kiss of Christoph and the cafe is. In German, it's a tittle. Heinz, what's the kiss of the cafe? I'm a sportsman, but the motor is a bit of a sell-by-me-tah. Rebecca, what's the kiss of the cafe? It's a little bit of a sell-by-me-tah, but I don't know how to say it. Yeah, it's also. Yeah, yeah. Motor half a coup in Der Rienfölge. Motor half a coup? In Der Rienfölge. Do you know what the mister said? The motor of the irons. Rebecca, what's the kiss of the cafe? It's a little bit of a sell-by-me-tah. In German, it's a little bit of a sell-by-me-tah. But I don't know what the kiss of the cafe is. It's a double chocolate mocha chino, and I'm not sure what it is. That's why I'm here. I'm not sure. Rebecca? It's a little bit of a sell-by-me-tah. Hey, I'm going to show you a special treat. Hi, what's your name? We're Kiss of a Caffe. So, Liza. I'm here for you. Okay, Rebecca, what's your name? Oh, it's a It's a Next week. Next week. Next week. Next week, what's this, Christoph? No. So, that's Okay. Okay. Christoph, what's your name? It's a cigarette. What's your name? What's your name? carocalyen I'm not a fan of angst for you. What? I'm not a fan of angst. For the reaction, I'm familiar with the fact that you're not a fan of angst. Who is angst? For a trick film. Who is that trick? What's the reason that you're not a fan of angst? I'm not a fan of angst. Who is angst? That's why you're not a fan of angst. I'm not a fan of angst. That's why you're not a fan of angst. Who is angst? Christoph. For the first time, I'm not a fan of angst. I'm not a fan of angst. Who is angst? Who is angst? Who is angst? For Christoph Schiller. Christoph! What's the reason that you're not a fan of angst? question a what aboutjcci You're German. Very pretty. Christoph! You can't say that to me. Wewith G the hitroch'n, and macOS is still the ender is. Heinz, what happened to you? He threw one at me. Yeah, I didn't think about it. I took a acceptable I'm not a fan of the English one, I'm not a fan of the Russian one, I'm not a fan of the Russian one. I'm not a fan of the Russian one, I'm not a fan of the Russian one. The Becca band! Here comes the next song, it's called Hindenkonkulig. I'm a fan of the Becca band, and here is the first Becca band. It's the last song I've heard of the Becca band. What's the best song you've heard? It's the most beautiful song I've heard of the half-befellers. What's the best song you've heard? Nine years ago, I was able to get a donation from the Zoom group. What's the best song you've heard? I'm a fan of the Becca band. I'm not a fan of the Russian one. What's the best song you've heard? I've heard of the best song you've heard. No, I've never heard of it before. What's the best song you've heard? Michael Dankse, live in Gila, he's a singer with the link to my other song, the song of Putin, I'm going to give you a drink. I'm never going to give you up. What's the best song you've heard? We're only talking about the rest of theorialans. That's all. The kinds of songs you've heard? Michael, this is an statues, they apparently have tickets with a webcam. Working with people in ;) critic, the name of Adam Sh raise, come and share our speech at the beginning of the tomorrow. Cheese, anyways. I don't know if thoseE Was a surprise before today. Well, you asked for anom People are returning from vault So I didn't expect to speak in PCu I speak in PCu I wasn't expecting to speak in PCu We should keep going And then five grand comes back... We're saying- ...and five grand is in the decision to move him toward an intercontinental building, so I'll just keep thinking about it in a bit. Hello, party people in the Union, today is four days that you thought I would volunteer for B- paid. But this place, with lots of cost and power, orlists Ottawa with broad lot of Perfect memory What have you been doing with O.S. Sending your thoughts to Rebecca What a coarse, serious execution My Church on the left he was in there It's perfect, that's what happened This quality is so heavy some people combine what I speaki Alright, I will explain why shouldn't he be speaking not really microphone therapy. You are playing ball again? Not really, seriously. Igletyilles! That is what I call penguin. What are you doing here? Croixx, but there aren't many of them coming, will all gear up in front of us for that long, we are impressed. Right, good! One of the sneaky things about getting threw again is that we're face masks or loseop. Well why didn't I just walk through this? We likely don't have the rightim two microphone. What's the question? I've been thinking of title I'm not a professor, that's why I don't think so, I'm not. I'm not a professor, that's why I don't think so. Hey, what's up? Leon, I'm a professor, that's why I'm so excited to be here. I'm really excited to be here, I'm really excited to be here. What's up? What's up? All this is good, so long as you're in a hotel, I won't be here. What's up? What's up? I don't know, I'm not a professor, I think this is the era of union. Hey, what's up? What's up? Marcus, it's me, this guy who's a real guy, I don't know, I'm not a real guy, I'm a real guy. It's not from... It's from Bauman, he's from Wixen. What's up? What's up? We like to go to lit. I don't know. papa size, but the collins are big. America, what's up? I want a brand new bike on the front and it'sunciationREED, basically. Hey Leon, we're here intube from na armse, we're spending very much for Nor We are at The Beestinkpestan, and in my un Fully bisque carB Heart? It's not in the closet. Oh, that would be good Do we comfortable with it I think we should very well have an airaura It was not even nationals part of the human mang I've seen the sea Jolly traditional We shouldn't have done that do also manage how to make a pause for a he is act like ain't really motive its money won't say Thank You Hawaiels also the potter racel compute K it With the Akkya Thuncote! Rebecca! Raiden Til Chemistry and the Chamber of Secrets. requi n 8 8 hitting sand This remember what amazing for me including customized Damn poop! Rebecca, what's going on? And then we're in a chamber of secrets and we're leaving the house. Heinz, what's going on? Okay, Wokey Potter, it's not just a real man in a frowning and a weird face. That's what J.K. Rowling is, Matt. Yeah. Vinnie, what's up? Uh, Drake, I think we're going to have to get a little bit of answer for him. Rebecca, what's going on? I don't know, but I'm telling you, Matt, that's what Rebecca said, that's what I'm saying, that's what I'm saying, that's what I'm saying, that's what I'm saying, that's what I'm saying. Christoph, what's your advice for this? I'm going to be a weird-knocker. I'm going to be a weird-knocker. And now we're in the house of the Heinz! Make your first one, and then you're going to get a call. In the middle of the morning, you're going to get a call. And you're going to get a call from the audience. And for the event, you're going to get a call from Heinz. Heinz, come here, you're going to get a call from Fritz. What's the point? I'm going to send you the call from Ikhwenking. The one who's going to get a call. I'm going to send you a call from him. You're going to get a call from him. He's going to get a call from Lustay! And for the winner of the album, the winner of the album is the winner of the album. Come on, let's go. Oats! Oats!