That's why I feel we talk a lot about human rights. You need human dignity first. You can't just skip a few steps like that. There is no dignity in this country. And to have dignity, the first thing you need is space. There is no personal space. There is no elbow room in this country. Mumbai local train may sorrow the next person of mix-o-right. You really feel like you're part of the community. Clothes need community. And I used to travel by trains when I was in college because it was the only way to get to zeroes from the villages. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. So I have a season passed now. So I can get into any local train appointment any time of the day. I can get in getting out different stories. Because once you're inside, you're locked in space for an hour at a time sometimes and you're going through so many different feelings. You can't go to the airport to visit the train. You can't go to the bus. You need a second train. I can't go to the train and go to the train. You need a six-hour train. How much for that? How much for that? And those Mumbai local train rides are the closest I have come to true meditation. Because you are going through a range of emotions. But you can only observe them. You can't act on it. Because you want to slap somebody, you need range. You can't get into a fight, there is a guy in here. You can't even argue too much with the guy in front of you. You argue too much, you might end up spooching the guy. We can't fight time here in Mumbai. It's because you are fighting for the same time. Same thing, you can't fight time. That's why you will notice that the first thing people do when they land upon you, a little bit of success in this country is that they buy space for themselves. Think about it, the apartments, you live in the gyms, you are a member of the restaurants, you frequent the money, the premium you are paying them is not for the product or the service. The premium you are paying is to simply keep poor people away. That's the premium you are paying. Think about it, you are paying for coffee, you are paying for coffee 10 times better than you. But you are paying for coffee, you are paying for the food. You are paying for the food. You are paying for India, you are paying for the food. Not a good wife, you know. For the first date too intense. For the third date she knows that you are a TCS, you are paying for the food. You are paying for the food. That's why what people do is they can't get a visa at least. They buy into one of these big gazette communities, the DLF's of the world. Those big buildings, inside it you can feel like an NRI. At least within the compound. A lot of you may be staying in one of those buildings, where you have this tight security at the entrance. My gate is here, you know. If the modern law comes you make a bit extra 10 minutes. What is the reason? You are paying for nuclear research. You are paying for the nuclear research. What a sad life. You live in one of these buildings, you can never get a surprise birthday party. It's a self-imposed lockdown. You are paying for the big big deal. And the beggars are waiting for you. You are paying for the big deal. They catch you and the signal is gone. You ask for the next 30 seconds. They don't even want money, they want to mess with you. They start doing that impromptu dance performance for you. It's like an autoplay YouTube ad. It's strange, but it's like a poor decallet event. You say, you are going to get a Windows 5. Now you decide how much you owe him. Born in Yorkwood now. You have to be very careful. You have to be very careful. You have to be very careful. No fucking dignity. You could be just minding your own business by the street corner. You can walk up to it, touch it anywhere you want to. Then I say, what are you doing? What are you doing? And the fact is, I learned to say, you are only six months back. You are not going to be able to do that. Then friends and artists said, Puneet, you cannot use that. You cannot use that. You have to be very careful. You have to learn to do better. Learn to do better. Think about it. Is it a good life that they have? No. Did they choose that life? Of course not. So you can't do that. I'm like, yeah, that's true. Actually, it's not like I hate them. I hate nobody. Sudhir may be. But where is this coming from? I thought about it like back to childhood. I used to go to school in an auto, and again, the signal stopped, and the units would come and harass you. They would say, I'm going to do this, but I'm going to do this, and I'm going to do this. Because back then, there were no beards. I was in the car. I was going to do this, and I was going to do this. I'm going to do this. In fact, even more recently, I learned that you can't even use the word, chhapuri, but that's all. Even that is a casteistler. There's a caste who does only roofing, so you can't use the word. So difficult to be funny and empathetic at the same time. But we have to try at least. If not artists, then who will do it? And I believe that it is possible. If you live life enough, if you travel enough, if you read enough, if you listen enough, eventually you will come to realize that everybody in society is the victim of that same society. Including the dictator himself. Yeah, I mean, if Putin... ...had found true law, we're a different world right now, right? I mean, imagine if he had somebody in his life, he didn't join the KGB then, you know? He maybe joined the Russian ballet team. He's still bald, but he's so graceful now. Otherwise, he's so stiff all the time. Have you seen him? He's so stiff. Not that way, he's so stiff. That's why it's difficult to even imagine a dictator in law. It's very difficult to imagine Putin having sex also, because he's so strong, he's so strong, he's so strong, he's so strong. Actually, even our own Putin, for that matter. If he had someone in his life, it would be a different country right now. Yeah? In his case, he only has himself to blame. There is hope though. If you want to believe all the memes going around on the internet, yes? I mean, it's his only memes, but wouldn't it be nice if it were true? What a great story it would be. It would be the perfect third act. You start off by hating Italy, you end up there anyway. Love saves the day. And maybe democracy also. As a minor footnote.