Welcome to Morocco เฮ [Music] [Music] I took, I took I took, I took I took, I took this, I took this, I took this, I took two of them, I'm going to cook dinner with them. I took some, I'll show two of them, I'm going to cook dinner with them. I took some, I'll show two of them, I'm going to cook dinner with them. I took some, I'll show you dinner, I'm cooking. you dinner, I'm cooking. For the spices, then a little of mine, I made some now. The For the spices, then a little of mine, I made some now. The chicken is good, we'll remove the cheese, but honestly, I've already tried it, its taste is amazing and it becomes chewy. Oh, the dressing, oh, this is what I made for but honestly, I've already tried it, its taste is amazing and it becomes chewy. Oh, the dressing, oh, this is what I made for someone who was someone who was someone who was hungry. Here I made salad, oh, that was delicious and hungry. Here I made salad, oh, that was delicious and hungry. Here I made salad, oh, that was delicious and smelled very nice. I'm going to make smelled very nice. I'm going to make smelled very nice. I'm going to make my plate, I brought potatoes here to cool down. my plate, I brought potatoes here to cool down. my plate, I brought potatoes here to cool down. [Snoring sounds] My plate to eat, plus now there's salad but the sun is now there's salad but the sun is now there's salad but the sun is n't there, but the weather is nice. Really, good morning to me, and good morning to me, and good morning to me, and after yesterday I cleaned the kitchen in after yesterday I cleaned the kitchen in after yesterday I cleaned the kitchen in the living room, oh, the living room, oh, the living room, oh, something  It's good because it's clear. When you clean the kitchen, it something  It's good because it's clear. When you clean the kitchen, it something  It's good because it's clear. When you clean the kitchen, it stays clean. stays clean. stays clean. In my program, I was going out, but then I got sick. You know my schedule, I go to the hospital, I have work, and I wanted to You know my schedule, I go to the hospital, I have work, and I wanted to You know my schedule, I go to the hospital, I have work, and I wanted to go out, but I have a bit of a go out, but I have a bit of a go out, but I have a bit of a face, not even at home. I'll stay home, take my face, not even at home. I'll stay home, take my medicine, and feel a little better. I want to go for a walk outside medicine, and feel a little better. I want to go for a walk outside medicine, and feel a little better. I want to go for a walk outside so I'm not stuck at home anymore because my face is so I'm not stuck at home anymore because my face is so I'm not stuck at home anymore because my face is swollen and I don't like it anymore. Ask the girls, they can't imagine. Your salad is upstairs, thank God. Cook upstairs, thank God. Cook upstairs, thank God. Cook some tagine, cook some salad, hurry up. some tagine, cook some salad, hurry up. some tagine, cook some salad, hurry up. Tomatoes for salad for salad for salad and salad and our mustard and honey. Too much. This is a good day. This log will be sponsored by This is a good day. This log will be sponsored by This is a good day. This log will be sponsored by food because, as you saw earlier, I made a food because, as you saw earlier, I made a food because, as you saw earlier, I made a salad. I haven't slept or anything since this morning. salad. I haven't slept or anything since this morning. salad. I haven't slept or anything since this morning. Not a musk, and then I'm going to get the pain, then I'm going to get the pain, then I'm Not a musk, and then I'm going to get the pain, then I'm going to get the pain, then I'm going to get the pain, then I'm going to get the pain like this, then I said, going to get the pain, then I'm going to get the pain like this, then I said, why don't I make them in a carton? I grabbed them, and why don't I make them in a carton? I grabbed them, and why don't I make them in a carton? I grabbed them, and I put I put I put all kinds of cheese in them that you can think of, the rotten all kinds of cheese in them that you can think of, the rotten all kinds of cheese in them that you can think of, the rotten cheese, the good cheese, the sticky cheese, the good cheese, the sticky cheese, the good cheese, the sticky cheese. I mixed everything, and look cheese. I mixed everything, and look cheese. I mixed everything, and look how this turned out, girls, how this turned out, girls, how this turned out, girls, look at the pancakes, how they look, how they're all mixed up. Wait, let me put the hot stuff on. look at the pancakes, how they look, how they're all mixed up. Wait, let me put the hot stuff on. I'm going to turn the camera around now, and look at what you can't not I'm going to turn the camera around now, and look at what you can't not I'm going to turn the camera around now, and look at what you can't not like. This can't wait. Oh, look at the pancakes like. This can't wait. Oh, look at the pancakes on the burnt sides, but on the burnt sides, but on the burnt sides, but look at the cheese. I'm with you, I'm very sick, but you hear the noise with me: my very sick, but you hear the noise with me: my very sick, but you hear the noise with me: my family, my mom, my cousin's daughter, her son.  Fawala is family, my mom, my cousin's daughter, her son.  Fawala is family, my mom, my cousin's daughter, her son.  Fawala is very sick, but they wanted to change the atmosphere a bit. They told me, " very sick, but they wanted to change the atmosphere a bit. They told me, " very sick, but they wanted to change the atmosphere a bit. They told me, " Come on, let's go to the beach." Who else is going to take you Come on, let's go to the beach." Who else is going to take you Come on, let's go to the beach." Who else is going to take you with me? That's all, girls. with me? That's all, girls. with me? That's all, girls. Murad, I don't want to give you negative feedback, but my stomach hurts and I'm so upset. Murad, I don't want to give you negative feedback, but my stomach hurts and I'm so upset. Murad, I don't want to give you negative feedback, but my stomach hurts and I'm so upset. What happened to my What happened to my What happened to my dad? He put something on my stomach and it burned. I dad? He put something on my stomach and it burned. I dad? He put something on my stomach and it burned. I have nights like this now. Now, at the Lycée, Tony is have nights like this now. Now, at the Lycée, Tony is have nights like this now. Now, at the Lycée, Tony is going to take us out. He's going to take us to the beach for a bit to change the going to take us out. He's going to take us to the beach for a bit to change the going to take us out. He's going to take us to the beach for a bit to change the atmosphere. Come on, atmosphere. Come on, atmosphere. Come on, Mizo. Mizo. Mizo. [Music] The beach is a place where they're playing. Look at the people playing. Look at the people playing. Look at the people playing. Honestly, I came and I knew the girls. I swear, I'll Honestly, I came and I knew the girls. I swear, I'll Honestly, I came and I knew the girls. I swear, I'll play some games. Honestly, I'm scared. [Laughs] I'm going to play a game with Messi and my game with Messi and my game with Messi and my cousin. They scare us. I'm going to go in and see what the video is. It's the video is. It's the video is. It's very scary. Anyway, let's see if there are very scary. Anyway, let's see if there are very scary. Anyway, let's see if there are 6 people. Or another game. This is another game. This is another game. This is deadly. Mama says  Ghithlakbeit fi akhoya aji martaktih albanat ma mkinsh arafto shham takha'na ma qadina nasawrah shouf hadha law jo shouf imposible imposible albanat ma mkinsh arafto shham takha'na ma qadina nasawrah shouf hadha law jo shouf imposible imposible [screaming] nqad al-ab'at ana mazyan ‏une partie une seule partie et on verra partie une seule partie et on verra partie une seule partie et on verra autre chose. Regardez Regardez Regardez trop bien. Merde! Merde! Merde! Ah, you're wasting my money, let him manage us wasting my money, let him manage us wasting my money, let him manage us [laughs]. I'll leave him until the second party, he'll manage it too. I'll leave him until the second party, he'll manage it too. I'll leave him until the second party, he'll manage it too. Do it, Noura, Noura Othmani, and you'll find bleu et rose. Thank you so much, thank you for the prize. And imagine, And imagine, And imagine, look at the play, anything, it's like mine in Morocco. I mean, my I mean, my I mean, my aunt's, her price is aunt's, her price is aunt's, her price is 40 dirhams, and 40 dirhams, and 40 dirhams, and this is 11 in Morocco. Honestly, this is nice, a little bit. I was just about to lose a little, now I have the burning sensation that's little, now I have the burning sensation that's little, now I have the burning sensation that's been burned, and that's it. We have arrived in Germany. Look at the product, the way, 55, one, see, the sheikh. Now, girls, I come for the afternoon product, I don't come for myself anymore and take a product for myself. So, the livery is finished, we only came for this thing, the house is finished. The product now, we have a lot at home until it's time, that's it. We have arrived in Germany. Look at the product, the way, 55, one, see, the sheikh. Now, girls, I come for the afternoon product, I don't come for myself anymore and take a product for myself. So, the livery is finished, we only came for this thing, the house is finished. The product now, we have a lot at home until it's time, that's it. We have arrived in Germany. Look at the product, the way, 55, one, see, the sheikh. Now, girls, I come for the afternoon product, I don't come for myself anymore and take a product for myself. So, the livery is finished, we only came for this thing, the house is finished. The product now, we have a lot at home until it's time, and I will return, God willing. Now I will take my and I will return, God willing. Now I will take my and I will return, God willing. Now I will take my mom. Delivery It's like I like I like I took her some bags [music] from took her some bags [music] from took her some bags [music] from Essaouira. I will give them to her because we didn't meet Essaouira. I will give them to her because we didn't meet Essaouira. I will give them to her because we didn't meet in Morocco [music] in Maggi, look  My daughter, look at my daughter, my in Maggi, look  My daughter, look at my daughter, my in Maggi, look  My daughter, look at my daughter, my daughter, Louiq Loui, Loui, Loui, Ça va ma chérie?  [Music] Même si on va dire tu la ‏par Daba derna la sauce tayeb nzido la crème frère Daba ghadi nahke le frêge bach ndir sauce tayeb nzido la crème frère Daba ghadi nahke le frêge bach ndir filaskhltou [Music] Hadchi Hadchi Hadchi Zwina albanat khadem t'arif al-'insha di al-khfan zarb jina mu'talin fat bîna ghar n'akal bach mabqishin bil-jahz Zwina albanat khadem t'arif al-'insha di al-khfan zarb jina mu'talin fat bîna ghar n'akal bach mabqishin bil-jahz Voilà, on a fait ça pour un peu de la Voilà, on a fait ça pour un peu de la Voilà, on a fait ça pour un peu de la brillance. No Blati Arabic Hanshnakhrab Zwin Wa3r Mazyana pour découper le plus facile.   The girls are healthy and comfortable, like they're almost like little girls, we raise them little girls, we raise them little girls, we raise them today, and all that stuff, let's stay in Morocco. The girls are here to go out, there's no one, not in Morocco. The girls are here to go out, there's no one, not in Morocco. The girls are here to go out, there's no one, not Halima, there's no one, Halima, there's no one, Halima, there's no one, the lady who helps us, poor thing, the lady who helps us, poor thing, the lady who helps us, poor thing, there's no one, may God have mercy on her parents and forgive there's no one, may God have mercy on her parents and forgive there's no one, may God have mercy on her parents and forgive us too. And here, run, run with a big one, the us too. And here, run, run with a big one, the us too. And here, run, run with a big one, the cheese, cheese, cheese, until there's something nice left. God willing, he wants something, until there's something nice left. God willing, he wants something, until there's something nice left. God willing, he wants something, where do you buy this? Is this from you? This is nice, this is good, it's good. where do you buy this? Is this from you? This is nice, this is good, it's good. where do you buy this? Is this from you? This is nice, this is good, it's good. [Laughter] He's laughing. We finished today's breakfast. Look, my love isn't expensive. She wants to change something, Look, my love isn't expensive. She wants to change something, she told you she wants to exchange it with the dress. Dress it, girls, look at girls, look at girls, look at our hairpiece, look, do you have one like this? our hairpiece, look, do you have one like this? our hairpiece, look, do you have one like this? Look, I love this, now I can do it. We Look, I love this, now I can do it. We Look, I love this, now I can do it. We went in. went in. went in. Her hair, but [Music] Come on, on, on, Tu mets tes claquettes. Tu mets tes claquettes. Tu mets tes claquettes. Allez, moi je déjà parti. Petite présentation Lina.  [Music] Petite présentation Lina.  [Music] Petite présentation Lina.  [Music] Voilà.  Présente-toi ma chérie.  Lina. Voilà.  Présente-toi ma chérie.  Lina. Voilà.  Présente-toi ma chérie.  Lina. Oui, I have 6 days to complete it 6 days to complete it . mais mais mais moi j'ai moi j'ai moi j'ai ok [music] du coup je suis la femme à ok [music] du coup je suis la femme à ok [music] du coup je suis la femme à ton frère ton frère ton frère ok je fa il est moi fraha ala khwa katmut alayh qabila fi al-sabah qalat li daak khwiya ana babes sghira qalat laha wa shoufou girls ana babes sghira fi qani ma ghani thah ant yaghmi yaq ... ok je fa il est moi fraha ala khwa katmut alayh qabila fi al-sabah qalat li daak khwiya ana babes sghira qalat laha wa shoufou girls ana babes sghira fi qani ma ghani thah ant yaghmi yaq ... Vicky Vicky, we had a depression Vicky Vicky, we had a depression Vicky Vicky, we had a depression on on on Sunday, everything was closed and Sunday, everything was closed and Sunday, everything was closed and the house is big, so when there's no the house is big, so when there's no the house is big, so when there's no noise, you feel depressed. We got up and noise, you feel depressed. We got up and noise, you feel depressed. We got up and said we'd cook something so we could eat, that's all, said we'd cook something so we could eat, that's all, said we'd cook something so we could eat, that's all, girls. girls. girls. Look, this is called béchamel sauce, you'll give it a little bit of Look, this is called béchamel sauce, you'll give it a little bit of Look, this is called béchamel sauce, you'll give it a little bit of cheese, and we'll put a little cheese on it so you don't have to do too many dishes. We're a many dishes. We're a many dishes. We're a bit economical, not [laughs]. We don't have a kitchen bit economical, not [laughs]. We don't have a kitchen bit economical, not [laughs]. We don't have a kitchen sink. sink. sink. By the way, if any sister lives nearby, By the way, if any sister lives nearby, By the way, if any sister lives nearby, welcome. welcome. welcome. My aunt Hanane is looking for a woman who can My aunt Hanane is looking for a woman who can My aunt Hanane is looking for a woman who can help her. It's help her. It's help her. It's better if she's from our country, better if she's from our country, better if she's from our country, Moroccan Moroccan Moroccan or Algerian, we don't have a problem, as long as she's Arab, because they're good. or Algerian, we don't have a problem, as long as she's Arab, because they're good. Tunisian, Algerian, whoever she is, if she can Tunisian, Algerian, whoever she is, if she can Tunisian, Algerian, whoever she is, if she can come, if she can come  That's too much, girls. The house is so big, the kitchen is so big, it gets dirty so quickly. She does the cleaning girls. The house is so big, the kitchen is so big, it gets dirty so quickly. She does the cleaning every day, but the every day, but the every day, but the dust gets in so quickly. You understand? Come share, share, visit [ dust gets in so quickly. You understand? Come share, share, visit [ dust gets in so quickly. You understand? Come share, share, visit [ laughs] until she visits her. The princess, why is it so hot? Wait a little, sister, we're here. The hot? Wait a little, sister, we're here. The hot? Wait a little, sister, we're here. The girls have learned how to cook. The girls have to come and cook. The girls have to come and cook. The girls have to come and prepare. Good evening. [Music] [Music ] The ] The ] The main course is magnificent. [Music]