Welcome to
Morocco
เฮ
[Music] [Music]
I took, I took
this, I took
two of them, I'm going to cook dinner with them. I took some, I'll show
you dinner, I'm cooking.
For the spices, then a little of mine, I made some now. The
chicken is good, we'll remove the cheese,
but honestly, I've already tried it, its taste is amazing and it becomes chewy. Oh, the dressing, oh, this is what I made for
someone who was
hungry. Here I made salad, oh, that was delicious and
smelled very nice. I'm going to make
my plate, I brought potatoes here to cool down.
[Snoring sounds] My plate to eat, plus
now there's salad but the sun is
n't there, but the weather is nice.
Really,
good morning to me, and
after yesterday I cleaned the kitchen in
the living room, oh,
something It's good because it's clear. When you clean the kitchen, it
stays clean.
In my program, I was going out, but then I got sick.
You know my schedule, I go to the hospital, I have work, and I wanted to
go out, but I have a bit of a
face, not even at home. I'll stay home, take my
medicine, and feel a little better. I want to go for a walk outside
so I'm not stuck at home anymore because my face is
swollen and I don't like it anymore. Ask the girls, they can't
imagine. Your
salad is
upstairs, thank God. Cook
some tagine, cook some salad, hurry up.
Tomatoes
for salad
and
salad and
our mustard and honey.
Too much.
This is a good day. This log will be sponsored by
food because, as you saw earlier, I made a
salad. I haven't slept or anything since this morning.
Not a musk, and then I'm going to get the pain, then I'm going to get the pain, then I'm
going to get the pain, then I'm going to get the pain like this, then I said,
why don't I make them in a carton? I grabbed them, and
I put
all kinds of cheese in them that you can think of, the rotten
cheese, the good cheese, the sticky
cheese. I mixed everything, and look
how this turned out, girls,
look at the pancakes, how they look, how they're all mixed up. Wait, let me put the hot stuff on.
I'm going to turn the camera around now, and look at what you can't not
like. This can't wait. Oh, look at the pancakes
on the burnt sides, but
look at the cheese. I'm
with you, I'm
very sick, but you hear the noise with me: my
family, my mom, my cousin's daughter, her son. Fawala is
very sick, but they wanted to change the atmosphere a bit. They told me, "
Come on, let's go to the beach." Who else is going to take you
with me? That's all, girls.
Murad, I don't want to give you negative feedback, but my stomach hurts and I'm so upset.
What happened to my
dad? He put something on my stomach and it burned. I
have nights like this now. Now, at the Lycée, Tony is
going to take us out. He's going to take us to the beach for a bit to change the
atmosphere. Come on,
Mizo.
[Music] The beach is a place where they're playing.
Look at the people playing.
Honestly, I came and I knew the girls. I swear, I'll
play some games.
Honestly, I'm scared.
[Laughs] I'm going to play a
game with Messi and my
cousin. They scare us. I'm going to go in and see what
the video is. It's
very scary. Anyway, let's see if there are
6 people. Or
another game. This is
deadly.
Mama says Ghithlakbeit fi akhoya aji
martaktih
albanat ma mkinsh arafto shham takha'na ma qadina nasawrah shouf hadha law jo shouf imposible imposible
[screaming] nqad al-ab'at ana
mazyan ‏une
partie une seule partie et on verra
autre chose.
Regardez
trop bien.
Merde!
Ah, you're
wasting my money, let him manage us
[laughs].
I'll leave him until the second party, he'll manage it too.
Do it, Noura, Noura
Othmani,
and you'll find
bleu et rose.
Thank you so much, thank you
for the prize.
And imagine,
look at the play, anything, it's
like mine in Morocco.
I mean, my
aunt's, her price is
40 dirhams, and
this is 11
in Morocco. Honestly, this is nice, a little bit. I
was just about to lose a
little, now I have the burning sensation that's
been burned, and
that's it. We have arrived in Germany. Look at the product, the way, 55, one, see, the sheikh. Now, girls, I come for the afternoon product, I don't come for myself anymore and take a product for myself. So, the livery is finished, we only came for this thing, the house is finished. The product now, we have a lot at home until it's time,
and I will return, God willing. Now I will take my
mom.
Delivery
It's
like I
took her some bags [music] from
Essaouira. I will give them to her because we didn't meet
in Morocco [music]
in Maggi, look My daughter, look at my daughter, my
daughter,
Louiq
Loui,
Ça va ma chérie? [Music]
Même si on va dire tu la ‏par Daba derna la
sauce tayeb nzido la crème frère Daba ghadi nahke le frêge bach ndir
filaskhltou [Music]
Hadchi
Zwina albanat khadem t'arif al-'insha di al-khfan zarb jina mu'talin fat bîna ghar n'akal bach mabqishin bil-jahz
Voilà, on a fait ça pour un peu de la
brillance.
No
Blati Arabic
Hanshnakhrab Zwin Wa3r Mazyana
pour découper le
plus facile. The
girls are healthy and comfortable, like they're almost like
little girls, we raise them
today, and all that stuff, let's stay
in Morocco. The girls are here to go out, there's no one, not
Halima, there's no one,
the lady who helps us, poor thing,
there's no one, may God have mercy on her parents and forgive
us too. And here, run, run with a big one, the
cheese,
until there's something nice left. God willing, he wants something,
where do you buy this? Is this from you? This is nice, this is good, it's good.
[Laughter] He's
laughing.
We finished today's breakfast.
Look, my love isn't expensive. She wants to change something,
she told you she wants to exchange it with the dress.
Dress it,
girls, look at
our hairpiece, look, do you have one like this?
Look, I love this, now I can do it. We
went in.
Her hair, but
[Music] Come
on,
Tu mets tes claquettes.
Allez, moi je déjà parti.
Petite présentation Lina. [Music]
Voilà. Présente-toi ma chérie. Lina.
Oui, I have
6 days to complete it
.
mais
moi j'ai
ok [music] du coup je suis la femme à
ton frère
ok je fa il est moi fraha ala khwa katmut alayh qabila fi al-sabah qalat li daak khwiya ana babes sghira qalat laha wa shoufou girls ana babes sghira fi qani ma ghani thah ant yaghmi yaq ...
Vicky Vicky, we had a depression
on
Sunday, everything was closed and
the house is big, so when there's no
noise, you feel depressed. We got up and
said we'd cook something so we could eat, that's all,
girls.
Look, this is called béchamel sauce, you'll give it a little bit of
cheese, and we'll put a little cheese on it so you don't have to do too
many dishes. We're a
bit economical, not [laughs]. We don't have a kitchen
sink.
By the way, if any sister lives nearby,
welcome.
My aunt Hanane is looking for a woman who can
help her. It's
better if she's from our country,
Moroccan
or Algerian, we don't have a problem, as long as she's Arab, because they're good.
Tunisian, Algerian, whoever she is, if she can
come, if she can come That's
too much,
girls. The house is so big, the kitchen is so big, it gets dirty so quickly. She does the cleaning
every day, but the
dust gets in so quickly. You understand? Come share, share, visit [
laughs] until she
visits her.
The princess, why is it so
hot? Wait a little, sister, we're here. The
girls have learned how to
cook. The girls have to come and
prepare. Good evening.
[Music] [Music
] The
main course is
magnificent. [Music]
