This is an example set of something I This is an example set of something I This is an example set of something I would sell in the future. For this would sell in the future. For this would sell in the future. For this specific set, it's going to be Fourth of specific set, it's going to be Fourth of specific set, it's going to be Fourth of July themed. Basically, this set will July themed. Basically, this set will July themed. Basically, this set will come with three different squishies and come with three different squishies and come with three different squishies and it'll already be pre-waxed. Since this it'll already be pre-waxed. Since this it'll already be pre-waxed. Since this is a pull-apart set, I do have to pour is a pull-apart set, I do have to pour is a pull-apart set, I do have to pour wax on each ingredient, which can be wax on each ingredient, which can be wax on each ingredient, which can be more costly. The reason why it would be more costly. The reason why it would be more costly. The reason why it would be more expensive is because it's going to more expensive is because it's going to more expensive is because it's going to take a lot more time to do one squishy. take a lot more time to do one squishy. take a lot more time to do one squishy. I'm already 5 minutes in and I'm still I'm already 5 minutes in and I'm still I'm already 5 minutes in and I'm still not done with the squishy because it not done with the squishy because it not done with the squishy because it needs one more layer of wax so just to needs one more layer of wax so just to needs one more layer of wax so just to make sure that it doesn't crack during make sure that it doesn't crack during make sure that it doesn't crack during transit. I'm finally done. Now it's time transit. I'm finally done. Now it's time transit. I'm finally done. Now it's time to do my second squishy. This one is to do my second squishy. This one is to do my second squishy. This one is going to be the same exact routine as going to be the same exact routine as going to be the same exact routine as the last one. Now, the hardest part the last one. Now, the hardest part the last one. Now, the hardest part about selling these is coming up with about selling these is coming up with about selling these is coming up with the price. For a three-set squishy like the price. For a three-set squishy like the price. For a three-set squishy like this, I would have to charge $30. Some this, I would have to charge $30. Some this, I would have to charge $30. Some people might agree with the price and people might agree with the price and people might agree with the price and others might say it's too expensive. But others might say it's too expensive. But others might say it's too expensive. But the reason for that price is because of the reason for that price is because of the reason for that price is because of the time, product, and materials. As the time, product, and materials. As the time, product, and materials. As many of you know, the price of wax has many of you know, the price of wax has many of you know, the price of wax has gone up so much that I can't even charge gone up so much that I can't even charge gone up so much that I can't even charge less even if I wanted to. Do you think less even if I wanted to. Do you think less even if I wanted to. Do you think it's worth it? They come pre-waxed and it's worth it? They come pre-waxed and it's worth it? They come pre-waxed and they sound amazing when you crack them.