Do you remember brother?  Last month we all went to Do you remember brother?  Last month we all went to Do you remember brother?  Last month we all went to Jodhpur.  What time did you come? Jodhpur.  What time did you come? Jodhpur.  What time did you come? Yes friend, what a great trip it was.  We Yes friend, what a great trip it was.  We Yes friend, what a great trip it was.  We enjoyed so much there and also ate the famous food there. enjoyed so much there and also ate the famous food there. And I liked the dal papad there the best. And I liked the dal papad there the best. Yes, it was really very tasty. Yes, it was really very tasty. Yes, it was really very tasty. Brother, you reminded me of that place.  I wish I could get that Brother, you reminded me of that place.  I wish I could get that Brother, you reminded me of that place.  I wish I could get that here too and I also feel like eating dal papad. here too and I also feel like eating dal papad. Wait, I'll check online now. Wait, I'll check online now. Wait, I'll check online now. Hey friend, I can't see it anywhere online. Hey friend, I can't see it anywhere online. Hey friend, I can't see it anywhere online. Hey brother, what will you be useful for?  You are the Hey brother, what will you be useful for?  You are the Hey brother, what will you be useful for?  You are the chef of the house. chef of the house. chef of the house. Okay, should I make it for you? Okay, should I make it for you? Okay, should I make it for you? Face. Face. Face. Yes, you will make it.  Wait, I will Yes, you will make it.  Wait, I will Yes, you will make it.  Wait, I will make Jodhpur for you at home. make Jodhpur for you at home. make Jodhpur for you at home. Bharat sab jaanu main [Song voice] Bharat sab jaanu main [Song voice] Bharat sab jaanu main [Song voice] Chaudhary Chaudhary Chaudhary oh it's okay I'm oh it's okay I'm oh it's okay I'm awake awake awake take it, dal papad is ready for you take it, dal papad is ready for you take it, dal papad is ready for you Chandni [Music] Chandni [Music] Chandni [Music] Bhaiya this looks really tasty to me it Bhaiya this looks really tasty to me it Bhaiya this looks really tasty to me it feels like I have reached Jodhpur feels like I have reached Jodhpur feels like I have reached Jodhpur oh what have you made oh what have you made oh what have you made this is Jodhpur fame taste you also try it this is Jodhpur fame taste you also try it this is Jodhpur fame taste you also try it bhaiya friend what have you made I have bhaiya friend what have you made I have bhaiya friend what have you made I have never eaten anything like this in my life