Later, if you want to go to Later, if you want to go to Later, if you want to go to a concert and want your eye makeup to be super on a concert and want your eye makeup to be super on a concert and want your eye makeup to be super on Flicker, I want to show you Flicker, I want to show you Flicker, I want to show you how to make how to make how to make thick eyebrows like mine. Here, I thick eyebrows like mine. Here, I thick eyebrows like mine. Here, I want to use the three-in-one browser from want to use the three-in-one browser from want to use the three-in-one browser from Maker. I use the gray brown color. Maker. I use the gray brown color. Maker. I use the gray brown color. It already has a spoolie. It already has an It already has a spoolie. It already has an It already has a spoolie. It already has an eyebrow pencil. It also has Bramasta. First, eyebrow pencil. It also has Bramasta. First, eyebrow pencil. It also has Bramasta. First, you just comb your eyebrows you just comb your eyebrows you just comb your eyebrows according to the shape you want. I according to the shape you want. I according to the shape you want. I usually just follow the shape of my eyebrows. usually just follow the shape of my eyebrows. usually just follow the shape of my eyebrows. Even though the shape of the eyebrows Even though the shape of the eyebrows Even though the shape of the eyebrows is triangular like this, it's is triangular like this, it's is triangular like this, it's really easy to make hair strokes. I really easy to make hair strokes. I really easy to make hair strokes. I usually start from the middle here and usually start from the middle here and usually start from the middle here and then I just make a line then I just make a line then I just make a line backwards but it doesn't have to be too thick backwards but it doesn't have to be too thick backwards but it doesn't have to be too thick so it doesn't block. If it's him, we so it doesn't block. If it's him, we so it doesn't block. If it's him, we just draw a line for the upper eyebrows just draw a line for the upper eyebrows just draw a line for the upper eyebrows from the middle to the back and just fill from the middle to the back and just fill from the middle to the back and just fill in the empty part. You just have to do it. On the in the empty part. You just have to do it. On the in the empty part. You just have to do it. On the front side, so it doesn't front side, so it doesn't front side, so it doesn't block, use the mask brand a little bit. Just block, use the mask brand a little bit. Just block, use the mask brand a little bit. Just go to the counselor for the eyebrows. They go to the counselor for the eyebrows. They go to the counselor for the eyebrows. They 're still super neat even though my eyebrows are thick 're still super neat even though my eyebrows are thick 're still super neat even though my eyebrows are thick because I tried it too.