This is my 14 day product review.  This This is my 14 day product review.  This This is my 14 day product review.  This product was quite expensive for me. product was quite expensive for me. product was quite expensive for me. My expenses till delivery were around ₹5 lakh.  It My expenses till delivery were around ₹5 lakh.  It My expenses till delivery were around ₹5 lakh.  It is quite expensive and if I talk about the features, it has a is quite expensive and if I talk about the features, it has a is quite expensive and if I talk about the features, it has a CEO attitude.  Madam CEO attitude.  Madam CEO attitude.  Madam works at USF.  Three managers have been appointed works at USF.  Three managers have been appointed works at USF.  Three managers have been appointed who are always ready for them. who are always ready for them. who are always ready for them. And if I talk about the sound quality, it is quite And if I talk about the sound quality, it is quite And if I talk about the sound quality, it is quite loud.  If you want to loud.  If you want to loud.  If you want to hear the sound after 2:00 pm then madam is definitely present. hear the sound after 2:00 pm then madam is definitely present. hear the sound after 2:00 pm then madam is definitely present. And if I talk about its battery, then And if I talk about its battery, then And if I talk about its battery, then its battery has to be charged every 1 hour. its battery has to be charged every 1 hour. its battery has to be charged every 1 hour. So, this is all that has been revealed so far So, this is all that has been revealed so far So, this is all that has been revealed so far in the last 14 days.  Yes, I would like to say one more thing. in the last 14 days.  Yes, I would like to say one more thing. in the last 14 days.  Yes, I would like to say one more thing. Madam does not like light, sound and touch at all. Madam does not like light, sound and touch at all. Madam does not like light, sound and touch at all. She She She has quite the attitude of an MD CO.  Look how it's has quite the attitude of an MD CO.  Look how it's has quite the attitude of an MD CO.  Look how it's looking at me, what is it doing?