Hey brother, what is this?
Look at this brother, you will
enjoy it. You look good on this too.
Yes, you are looking good. It is suiting you.
Yes yes it looks great. I picked it up, I picked it up.
Hey, don't fall here after picking it up.
I'm afraid I'm stuck in this.
Easy.
Hey guys good morning. Welcome to my new
vlog. So brother, today we are going to
take delivery of a very strong vehicle which is an
ATV for our new farm house. Now we are
building a farm house, so there should be an ATV in it,
brother, for having fun, all four of our
brothers will be
driving ATVs, so we should have an ATV, so
today we are going, let's see
which ATV we like, then we will buy it, so for now,
we came to Delhi yesterday to
buy an RX, we bought the RX, for now let's have
breakfast, ordered food, let's leave after that,
okay.
Well, the guys have
arrived now. That
polarist is visible in front. We have to go there.
Friend, we don't need to go anywhere. I
mean, just think, we have
made our house so nice. Now we are building it exactly like a resort in front.
We have
all the facilities there.
Guys has already arrived to pick up the ATV.
Excited? There are a
lot of ATVs here, brother. It will be crazy.
Yes. So we have to buy a nice one
for our farm house.
So, I will take the best one.
Best
but will be a bit expensive guys. So that is what we have to
decide because it is so expensive. There
is an ATP of ₹10-11 lakh. But this is the best.
We did not drive it in the desert of Rajasthan.
So the same one is available here. It
is very dangerous. It is 4 by 4. Guys, there
are a lot of options here. Look how big and
strong it is. There is another one and a smaller one too.
Friend, I like the one that is right there. You will
not take it.
Which one? Should I
show you? Hey guys behind,
this is not a normal thing. Look,
this Avantiya is saying take this. I am
not saying take it, I just liked it. I do
n't know if we'll take this one.
Why not take it? No no but it should not happen. Ca
n't take it now.
No, it shouldn't happen guys. Look at this. This
is a very strong thing. It is a very strong thing.
Look at this.
Friend, look, you were buying a car for me. Will
you take this? Let's take
this.
But this car did not come.
I will drive this cool. Different from all. It is worth
more than Rs 1 crore. Yes guys and look this is a
four seater. It also has steering and so on. The
butt is very strong. Very much.
We will take this,
friend, not this now. This will be for when there is a very big farm house.
Right now we do
n't have that big a farm house, so we will buy a small one for it.
Hey, what is this? This is something different.
See.
Is this a bike?
Hey brother, what is this?
Look at this brother. Let me
sit in it and show you once.
Sitting is probably not allowed. No
one will allow us a little.
Can you pick it up? Pick it up and
see. Can you pick it up?
Dude, this is like this.
Hey, just pick it up and see. Pick it up.
Brother, this is very heavy. You are
talking about the car, right? Please get him a
bike. If you want a
bike, tell me.
Such a dangerous bike,
dangerous one. We
will see the road, it will be fun You are looking good on
this
Yes, it is looking good It is suiting you Yes, it is
looking great
Just lift it once They are helping Come on lift it, lift it,
two people are trying to lift it Don't
drop it It
looks good
Now learn riding properly Then buy this one Look at
its front look brother how strong it is
[Music] Brother, will you
ever buy this one Tell me is it a cycle, a
motorcycle or what?
Listen, you drive and I will sit and go
ahead.
So guys, finally we have finalized it.
Which ATV are we going to get? I am
not telling you right now. I will show you when you come straight home.
So here, this
is one option. This is a very large ATV. See.
Ok? This is one option. And this is one more.
Look, this also looks quite cool. We can also buy this to
run in our cool farmhouse.
And this one is the strongest and it is
also a four seater. So brother, guess which one we are
finalizing right now. So should I buy this pink one for you?
Yes friend,
drive well.
Brother, we came to see ATV. We
also liked the bikes here.
And guys, there is a tyre here too.
Look at this. There is no air in it. It
is bullet proof.
It is also bullet proof. Easy Going. Dude, she
looks so cool. Meaning, if we
go in this, you will sit here and I will
sit at the back. Let me pick it up and see. I will be able to
lift it. Show it once. Come on.
Come on brother, I will try it. Avantika is
not able to lift it alone. I will be able to lift it
or not.
You can pick it up easily, friend. I picked it up, I picked it up.
Hey, don't fall here after picking it up.
show. Oh wow friend, its front look is
looking so cool, do you know? Wow.
Brother, you are looking very cool.
I find it easy to drive as well. Will you go and
tell me?
Now it doesn't look like that outside. A has come to take the TV. They will
take this somewhere. Take.
Brother, look, the person sitting at the back is very comfortable.
Otherwise, what usually happens is that one gets
back pain while sitting on the back of any bike. She is
looking absolutely awesome.
And it will have speakers etc.
Yes, this is it.
I am feeling scared. I got stuck in this.
Oh, it's all shaking.
No no friend, put it back.
Listen, has the payment been made?
Yes, the payment has been made.
Here cute children have come to meet
us.
Children, tell me which ATP should we take?
Which one is this? Oh brother guys, now look here the
cake delivery person has also arrived. But I will
not tell you which one we are taking. So let's
cut the cake.
But congratulations. Thank
you.
Happy New Year TV. Guys has
left for now. But look how
much traffic there is here. When will
we reach? The guys have reached home now. You are
very late brother. Now let's pack all the stuff
and head straight to get the halwa.
Now we will reach only at night, brother.
Guys, we only brought two bags. One this bag
and one this bag and look how
many bags there are in the return. We stayed
here only for one day. Avantika did so much shopping in that. It's
very good. Guys, you have to
say all the good things.
Yours are good. What I mean to say is that you should
always speak good words.
Your clothes are good. All are good.
When are the Halwanis leaving? Now let's leave again. Let's go.
I have ordered some of that once. You will
say boy, right?
Yes. I have
just put all the stuff in the car.
Look, the entire tank is full. Let's go then,
yes let's go now. My children are crazy about you and if I get to
see you today, I will at least make
them happy. Thank you.
Well, the guys have left now, it's
6:00 in the evening. So we will reach
Hadwani by 11-12 in the night, let's go.
When will the ATV arrive?
ATV will arrive tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
Yes tomorrow.
Come on guys, the ATV will come tomorrow. Guys is
stuck in traffic today, just like yesterday. Now I do
n't know when we will leave Delhi.
We have been stuck in traffic for half an hour. Look,
Avantika has fallen asleep. So right now we are stuck
on this road. We have to reach this one.
I just want to get some cut. Then it will be fine.
Then you will find the highway.
Stuck here right now. I don't know how long I will remain stuck
in this. Let's see. Guys just stopped by for
dinner. Let's eat some food. Let's go then. It's
only half way through. Half the journey is still left. The
guys have reached Hadwani. I will start going to the
gym as soon as I come here.
Now I will go to the gym from tomorrow, friend. Look at the time brother, there is
no guarantee of your time at night. It's about to be
12:00 at night brother. Finally we have
reached and look, we have brought the car straight to the
basement. There is no trust in the direct lift here. Let us know
in a while
where did Jim disappear?
Okay then, it's fine.
Ok. Ok.
Well, at least I said it. Now for now, let us also
put all our luggage in the lift and take it straight to our
room, brother.
This much luggage will fill the entire lift.
Okay friend.
Let's meet upstairs straight away.
Brother, now I am feeling hungry because I did
not have dinner. It's already 12:00 at night brother. Look, it's
almost 12:00. I have got
three rotis. I just need vegetables along with it. Well, at least I got the
raita.
Oh wow! Green vegetables. Guys, look there are chole too.
Guys, the plan was to stop and eat on the way.
We also stopped. But
some people there were behaving very rudely. They were
taking photos and making videos in a systematic manner.
So we got up from there and came back. Then we did
not eat anything. So this happens
very often. So I didn't even tell my mother at home.
But still look, we have got three rotis.
So that's
enough for now. Avantika and both of them will eat together.
Tell me if you see anything?
What?
So these days while eating food we keep watching something guys.
We have taken all the subscriptions.
Netflix, Prime Video, Jio,
Hotstar, Zee5 all of them. There was a time when he used to ask for money from people
but now look, he has taken everything from everyone.
Guys, we want to watch this, we want to watch Safed Sagar
completely because we had also gone to its trailer launch, it has already come, we will
watch it on Netflix only. It is also running at number one.
So for now, I do editing.
I hope you liked today's vlog. If you
like it then please like it. Please subscribe to the channel.
See you
in the next vlog. Thank you so much for watching. Bye.
TV Le TV
