Hey brother, what is this? Hey brother, what is this? Hey brother, what is this? Look at this brother, you will Look at this brother, you will Look at this brother, you will enjoy it.  You look good on this too. enjoy it.  You look good on this too. Yes, you are looking good.  It is suiting you. Yes, you are looking good.  It is suiting you. Yes, you are looking good.  It is suiting you. Yes yes it looks great.   I picked it up, I picked it up. Yes yes it looks great.   I picked it up, I picked it up. Yes yes it looks great.   I picked it up, I picked it up. Hey, don't fall here after picking it up. Hey, don't fall here after picking it up. I'm afraid I'm stuck in this. I'm afraid I'm stuck in this. I'm afraid I'm stuck in this. Easy. Easy. Easy. Hey guys good morning.  Welcome to my new Hey guys good morning.  Welcome to my new Hey guys good morning.  Welcome to my new vlog.  So brother, today we are going to vlog.  So brother, today we are going to vlog.  So brother, today we are going to take delivery of a very strong vehicle which is an take delivery of a very strong vehicle which is an take delivery of a very strong vehicle which is an ATV for our new farm house. Now we are ATV for our new farm house. Now we are ATV for our new farm house. Now we are building a farm house, so there should be an ATV in it, building a farm house, so there should be an ATV in it, building a farm house, so there should be an ATV in it, brother, for having fun, all four of our brother, for having fun, all four of our brother, for having fun, all four of our brothers will be brothers will be brothers will be driving ATVs, so we should have an ATV, so driving ATVs, so we should have an ATV, so driving ATVs, so we should have an ATV, so today we are going, let's see today we are going, let's see today we are going, let's see which ATV we like, then we will buy it, so for now, which ATV we like, then we will buy it, so for now, which ATV we like, then we will buy it, so for now, we came to Delhi yesterday to we came to Delhi yesterday to we came to Delhi yesterday to buy an RX, we bought the RX, for now let's have buy an RX, we bought the RX, for now let's have buy an RX, we bought the RX, for now let's have breakfast, ordered food, let's leave after that, breakfast, ordered food, let's leave after that, breakfast, ordered food, let's leave after that, okay. okay. okay. Well, the guys have arrived now.  That arrived now.  That arrived now.  That polarist is visible in front.  We have to go there. polarist is visible in front.  We have to go there. polarist is visible in front.  We have to go there. Friend, we don't need to go anywhere.   I Friend, we don't need to go anywhere.   I Friend, we don't need to go anywhere.   I mean, just think, we have mean, just think, we have mean, just think, we have made our house so nice.  Now we are building it exactly like a resort in front. made our house so nice.  Now we are building it exactly like a resort in front. We have We have We have all the facilities there. all the facilities there. all the facilities there. Guys has already arrived to pick up the ATV. Guys has already arrived to pick up the ATV. Guys has already arrived to pick up the ATV. Excited?   There are a Excited?   There are a Excited?   There are a lot of ATVs here, brother.   It will be crazy. lot of ATVs here, brother.   It will be crazy. Yes.  So we have to buy a nice one Yes.  So we have to buy a nice one Yes.  So we have to buy a nice one for our farm house. for our farm house. for our farm house. So, I will take the best one. So, I will take the best one. So, I will take the best one. Best Best Best but will be a bit expensive guys.  So that is what we have to but will be a bit expensive guys.  So that is what we have to but will be a bit expensive guys.  So that is what we have to decide because it is so expensive.  There decide because it is so expensive.  There decide because it is so expensive.  There is an ATP of ₹10-11 lakh.  But this is the best. is an ATP of ₹10-11 lakh.  But this is the best. is an ATP of ₹10-11 lakh.  But this is the best. We did not drive it in the desert of Rajasthan. We did not drive it in the desert of Rajasthan. We did not drive it in the desert of Rajasthan. So the same one is available here.  It So the same one is available here.  It So the same one is available here.  It is very dangerous.  It is 4 by 4.  Guys, there is very dangerous.  It is 4 by 4.  Guys, there is very dangerous.  It is 4 by 4.  Guys, there are a lot of options here.  Look how big and are a lot of options here.  Look how big and are a lot of options here.  Look how big and strong it is.  There is another one and a smaller one too. strong it is.  There is another one and a smaller one too. strong it is.  There is another one and a smaller one too. Friend, I like the one that is right there.  You will Friend, I like the one that is right there.  You will Friend, I like the one that is right there.  You will not take it. not take it. not take it. Which one?   Should I Which one?   Should I Which one?   Should I show you?  Hey guys behind, show you?  Hey guys behind, show you?  Hey guys behind, this is not a normal thing.  Look, this is not a normal thing.  Look, this is not a normal thing.  Look, this Avantiya is saying take this.   I am this Avantiya is saying take this.   I am this Avantiya is saying take this.   I am not saying take it, I just liked it.  I do not saying take it, I just liked it.  I do not saying take it, I just liked it.  I do n't know if we'll take this one. n't know if we'll take this one. n't know if we'll take this one. Why not take it?  No no but it should not happen.   Ca Why not take it?  No no but it should not happen.   Ca Why not take it?  No no but it should not happen.   Ca n't take it now. n't take it now. n't take it now. No, it shouldn't happen guys.  Look at this.  This No, it shouldn't happen guys.  Look at this.  This No, it shouldn't happen guys.  Look at this.  This is a very strong thing.  It is a very strong thing. is a very strong thing.  It is a very strong thing. is a very strong thing.  It is a very strong thing. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Friend, look, you were buying a car for me.   Will Friend, look, you were buying a car for me.   Will Friend, look, you were buying a car for me.   Will you take this?   Let's take you take this?   Let's take you take this?   Let's take this. this. this. But this car did not come. But this car did not come. But this car did not come. I will drive this cool.  Different from all.  It is worth I will drive this cool.  Different from all.  It is worth I will drive this cool.  Different from all.  It is worth more than Rs 1 crore.  Yes guys and look this is a more than Rs 1 crore.  Yes guys and look this is a more than Rs 1 crore.  Yes guys and look this is a four seater.  It also has steering and so on.   The four seater.  It also has steering and so on.   The four seater.  It also has steering and so on.   The butt is very strong.  Very much. butt is very strong.  Very much. butt is very strong.  Very much. We will take this, We will take this, We will take this, friend, not this now.  This will be for when there is a very big farm house. friend, not this now.  This will be for when there is a very big farm house. friend, not this now.  This will be for when there is a very big farm house. Right now we do Right now we do Right now we do n't have that big a farm house, so we will buy a small one for it. n't have that big a farm house, so we will buy a small one for it. n't have that big a farm house, so we will buy a small one for it. Hey, what is this?  This is something different. Hey, what is this?  This is something different. Hey, what is this?  This is something different. See. See. See. Is this a bike? Is this a bike? Is this a bike? Hey brother, what is this? Hey brother, what is this? Hey brother, what is this? Look at this brother.   Let me Look at this brother.   Let me Look at this brother.   Let me sit in it and show you once. sit in it and show you once. sit in it and show you once. Sitting is probably not allowed.   No Sitting is probably not allowed.   No Sitting is probably not allowed.   No one will allow us a little. one will allow us a little. one will allow us a little. Can you pick it up?   Pick it up and Can you pick it up?   Pick it up and Can you pick it up?   Pick it up and see.  Can you pick it up? see.  Can you pick it up? see.  Can you pick it up? Dude, this is like this. Dude, this is like this. Dude, this is like this. Hey, just pick it up and see.   Pick it up. Hey, just pick it up and see.   Pick it up. Brother, this is very heavy.   You are Brother, this is very heavy.   You are Brother, this is very heavy.   You are talking about the car, right?   Please get him a talking about the car, right?   Please get him a talking about the car, right?   Please get him a bike.   If you want a bike.   If you want a bike.   If you want a bike, tell me. bike, tell me. bike, tell me. Such a dangerous bike, Such a dangerous bike, Such a dangerous bike, dangerous one.  We dangerous one.  We dangerous one.  We will see the road, it will be fun You are looking good on will see the road, it will be fun You are looking good on will see the road, it will be fun You are looking good on this this this Yes, it is looking good It is suiting you Yes, it is Yes, it is looking good It is suiting you Yes, it is Yes, it is looking good It is suiting you Yes, it is looking great looking great looking great Just lift it once They are helping Come on lift it, lift it, Just lift it once They are helping Come on lift it, lift it, Just lift it once They are helping Come on lift it, lift it, lift it, lift it, lift it, two people are trying to lift it Don't two people are trying to lift it Don't two people are trying to lift it Don't drop it It drop it It drop it It looks good looks good looks good Now learn riding properly Then buy this one Look at Now learn riding properly Then buy this one Look at Now learn riding properly Then buy this one Look at its front look brother how strong it is its front look brother how strong it is its front look brother how strong it is [Music] Brother, will you [Music] Brother, will you [Music] Brother, will you ever buy this one Tell me is it a cycle, a ever buy this one Tell me is it a cycle, a ever buy this one Tell me is it a cycle, a motorcycle or what? motorcycle or what? motorcycle or what? Listen, you drive and I will sit and go Listen, you drive and I will sit and go Listen, you drive and I will sit and go ahead. ahead. ahead. So guys, finally we have finalized it. So guys, finally we have finalized it. So guys, finally we have finalized it. Which ATV are we going to get?  I am Which ATV are we going to get?  I am Which ATV are we going to get?  I am not telling you right now.  I will show you when you come straight home. not telling you right now.  I will show you when you come straight home. not telling you right now.  I will show you when you come straight home. So here, this So here, this So here, this is one option.  This is a very large ATV.  See. is one option.  This is a very large ATV.  See. is one option.  This is a very large ATV.  See. Ok?  This is one option.  And this is one more. Ok?  This is one option.  And this is one more. Ok?  This is one option.  And this is one more. Look, this also looks quite cool.  We can also buy this to Look, this also looks quite cool.  We can also buy this to Look, this also looks quite cool.  We can also buy this to run in our cool farmhouse. run in our cool farmhouse. run in our cool farmhouse. And this one is the strongest and it is And this one is the strongest and it is And this one is the strongest and it is also a four seater.  So brother, guess which one we are also a four seater.  So brother, guess which one we are also a four seater.  So brother, guess which one we are finalizing right now.  So should I buy this pink one for you? finalizing right now.  So should I buy this pink one for you? Yes friend, Yes friend, Yes friend, drive well. drive well. drive well. Brother, we came to see ATV.  We Brother, we came to see ATV.  We Brother, we came to see ATV.  We also liked the bikes here. also liked the bikes here. also liked the bikes here. And guys, there is a tyre here too. And guys, there is a tyre here too. And guys, there is a tyre here too. Look at this.  There is no air in it.   It Look at this.  There is no air in it.   It Look at this.  There is no air in it.   It is bullet proof. is bullet proof. is bullet proof. It is also bullet proof.  Easy Going.  Dude, she It is also bullet proof.  Easy Going.  Dude, she It is also bullet proof.  Easy Going.  Dude, she looks so cool.  Meaning, if we looks so cool.  Meaning, if we looks so cool.  Meaning, if we go in this, you will sit here and I will go in this, you will sit here and I will go in this, you will sit here and I will sit at the back.  Let me pick it up and see.   I will be able to sit at the back.  Let me pick it up and see.   I will be able to sit at the back.  Let me pick it up and see.   I will be able to lift it.  Show it once.   Come on. lift it.  Show it once.   Come on. Come on brother, I will try it.  Avantika is Come on brother, I will try it.  Avantika is Come on brother, I will try it.  Avantika is not able to lift it alone.  I will be able to lift it not able to lift it alone.  I will be able to lift it not able to lift it alone.  I will be able to lift it or not. or not. or not. You can pick it up easily, friend.  I picked it up, I picked it up. You can pick it up easily, friend.  I picked it up, I picked it up. You can pick it up easily, friend.  I picked it up, I picked it up. Hey, don't fall here after picking it up. Hey, don't fall here after picking it up. Hey, don't fall here after picking it up. show.  Oh wow friend, its front look is show.  Oh wow friend, its front look is show.  Oh wow friend, its front look is looking so cool, do you know?  Wow. looking so cool, do you know?  Wow. looking so cool, do you know?  Wow. Brother, you are looking very cool. Brother, you are looking very cool. Brother, you are looking very cool. I find it easy to drive as well.   Will you go and I find it easy to drive as well.   Will you go and I find it easy to drive as well.   Will you go and tell me? tell me? tell me? Now it doesn't look like that outside.  A has come to take the TV.  They will Now it doesn't look like that outside.  A has come to take the TV.  They will Now it doesn't look like that outside.  A has come to take the TV.  They will take this somewhere.   Take. take this somewhere.   Take. take this somewhere.   Take. Brother, look, the person sitting at the back is very comfortable. Brother, look, the person sitting at the back is very comfortable. Brother, look, the person sitting at the back is very comfortable. Otherwise, what usually happens is that one gets Otherwise, what usually happens is that one gets Otherwise, what usually happens is that one gets back pain while sitting on the back of any bike.   She is back pain while sitting on the back of any bike.   She is looking absolutely awesome. looking absolutely awesome. looking absolutely awesome. And it will have speakers etc. And it will have speakers etc. And it will have speakers etc. Yes, this is it. Yes, this is it. Yes, this is it. I am feeling scared.  I got stuck in this. I am feeling scared.  I got stuck in this. I am feeling scared.  I got stuck in this. Oh, it's all shaking. Oh, it's all shaking. Oh, it's all shaking. No no friend, put it back. No no friend, put it back. No no friend, put it back. Listen, has the payment been made? Listen, has the payment been made? Listen, has the payment been made? Yes, the payment has been made. Yes, the payment has been made. Yes, the payment has been made. Here cute children have come to meet Here cute children have come to meet Here cute children have come to meet us. us. us. Children, tell me which ATP should we take? Children, tell me which ATP should we take? Which one is this?  Oh brother guys, now look here the Which one is this?  Oh brother guys, now look here the Which one is this?  Oh brother guys, now look here the cake delivery person has also arrived.  But I will cake delivery person has also arrived.  But I will cake delivery person has also arrived.  But I will not tell you which one we are taking.  So let's not tell you which one we are taking.  So let's not tell you which one we are taking.  So let's cut the cake. cut the cake. cut the cake. But congratulations.   Thank But congratulations.   Thank But congratulations.   Thank you. you. you. Happy New Year TV.  Guys has Happy New Year TV.  Guys has Happy New Year TV.  Guys has left for now.  But look how left for now.  But look how left for now.  But look how much traffic there is here.  When will much traffic there is here.  When will much traffic there is here.  When will we reach?  The guys have reached home now.   You are we reach?  The guys have reached home now.   You are we reach?  The guys have reached home now.   You are very late brother.  Now let's pack all the stuff very late brother.  Now let's pack all the stuff very late brother.  Now let's pack all the stuff and head straight to get the halwa. and head straight to get the halwa. and head straight to get the halwa. Now we will reach only at night, brother. Now we will reach only at night, brother. Now we will reach only at night, brother. Guys, we only brought two bags.  One this bag Guys, we only brought two bags.  One this bag Guys, we only brought two bags.  One this bag and one this bag and look how and one this bag and look how and one this bag and look how many bags there are in the return.  We stayed many bags there are in the return.  We stayed many bags there are in the return.  We stayed here only for one day.  Avantika did so much shopping in that.  It's here only for one day.  Avantika did so much shopping in that.  It's here only for one day.  Avantika did so much shopping in that.  It's very good.  Guys, you have to very good.  Guys, you have to very good.  Guys, you have to say all the good things. say all the good things. say all the good things. Yours are good.  What I mean to say is that you should Yours are good.  What I mean to say is that you should Yours are good.  What I mean to say is that you should always speak good words. always speak good words. always speak good words. Your clothes are good.  All are good. Your clothes are good.  All are good. Your clothes are good.  All are good. When are the Halwanis leaving?  Now let's leave again.   Let's go. When are the Halwanis leaving?  Now let's leave again.   Let's go. When are the Halwanis leaving?  Now let's leave again.   Let's go. I have ordered some of that once.   You will I have ordered some of that once.   You will say boy, right? say boy, right? say boy, right? Yes.   I have Yes.   I have Yes.   I have just put all the stuff in the car. just put all the stuff in the car. just put all the stuff in the car. Look, the entire tank is full.  Let's go then, Look, the entire tank is full.  Let's go then, Look, the entire tank is full.  Let's go then, yes let's go now.  My children are crazy about you and if I get to yes let's go now.  My children are crazy about you and if I get to yes let's go now.  My children are crazy about you and if I get to see you today, I will at least make see you today, I will at least make see you today, I will at least make them happy.  Thank you. them happy.  Thank you. them happy.  Thank you. Well, the guys have left now, it's Well, the guys have left now, it's Well, the guys have left now, it's 6:00 in the evening.  So we will reach 6:00 in the evening.  So we will reach 6:00 in the evening.  So we will reach Hadwani by 11-12 in the night, let's go. Hadwani by 11-12 in the night, let's go. Hadwani by 11-12 in the night, let's go. When will the ATV arrive? When will the ATV arrive? When will the ATV arrive? ATV will arrive tomorrow. ATV will arrive tomorrow. ATV will arrive tomorrow. Tomorrow? Tomorrow? Tomorrow? Yes tomorrow. Yes tomorrow. Yes tomorrow. Come on guys, the ATV will come tomorrow.  Guys is Come on guys, the ATV will come tomorrow.  Guys is Come on guys, the ATV will come tomorrow.  Guys is stuck in traffic today, just like yesterday.  Now I do stuck in traffic today, just like yesterday.  Now I do stuck in traffic today, just like yesterday.  Now I do n't know when we will leave Delhi. n't know when we will leave Delhi. n't know when we will leave Delhi. We have been stuck in traffic for half an hour.  Look, We have been stuck in traffic for half an hour.  Look, We have been stuck in traffic for half an hour.  Look, Avantika has fallen asleep.  So right now we are stuck Avantika has fallen asleep.  So right now we are stuck Avantika has fallen asleep.  So right now we are stuck on this road.  We have to reach this one. on this road.  We have to reach this one. on this road.  We have to reach this one. I just want to get some cut.  Then it will be fine. I just want to get some cut.  Then it will be fine. I just want to get some cut.  Then it will be fine. Then you will find the highway. Then you will find the highway. Then you will find the highway. Stuck here right now.  I don't know how long I will remain stuck Stuck here right now.  I don't know how long I will remain stuck Stuck here right now.  I don't know how long I will remain stuck in this.  Let's see.  Guys just stopped by for in this.  Let's see.  Guys just stopped by for in this.  Let's see.  Guys just stopped by for dinner.  Let's eat some food.  Let's go then.  It's dinner.  Let's eat some food.  Let's go then.  It's dinner.  Let's eat some food.  Let's go then.  It's only half way through.  Half the journey is still left.   The only half way through.  Half the journey is still left.   The guys have reached Hadwani.   I will start going to the gym as soon as I come here. gym as soon as I come here. gym as soon as I come here. Now I will go to the gym from tomorrow, friend.  Look at the time brother, there is Now I will go to the gym from tomorrow, friend.  Look at the time brother, there is no guarantee of your time at night.   It's about to be no guarantee of your time at night.   It's about to be no guarantee of your time at night.   It's about to be 12:00 at night brother.  Finally we have 12:00 at night brother.  Finally we have 12:00 at night brother.  Finally we have reached and look, we have brought the car straight to the reached and look, we have brought the car straight to the reached and look, we have brought the car straight to the basement.  There is no trust in the direct lift here.  Let us know basement.  There is no trust in the direct lift here.  Let us know basement.  There is no trust in the direct lift here.  Let us know in a while in a while in a while where did Jim disappear? where did Jim disappear? where did Jim disappear? Okay then, it's fine. Okay then, it's fine. Okay then, it's fine. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok.  Ok. Well, at least I said it.  Now for now, let us also Well, at least I said it.  Now for now, let us also Well, at least I said it.  Now for now, let us also put all our luggage in the lift and take it straight to our put all our luggage in the lift and take it straight to our put all our luggage in the lift and take it straight to our room, brother. room, brother. room, brother. This much luggage will fill the entire lift. This much luggage will fill the entire lift. This much luggage will fill the entire lift. Okay friend. Okay friend. Okay friend. Let's meet upstairs straight away. Brother, now I am feeling hungry because I did Brother, now I am feeling hungry because I did Brother, now I am feeling hungry because I did not have dinner.  It's already 12:00 at night brother.   Look, it's not have dinner.  It's already 12:00 at night brother.   Look, it's not have dinner.  It's already 12:00 at night brother.   Look, it's almost 12:00.   I have got three rotis.  I just need vegetables along with it.   Well, at least I got the three rotis.  I just need vegetables along with it.   Well, at least I got the raita. raita. raita. Oh wow!  Green vegetables.  Guys, look there are chole too. Oh wow!  Green vegetables.  Guys, look there are chole too. Oh wow!  Green vegetables.  Guys, look there are chole too. Guys, the plan was to stop and eat on the way. Guys, the plan was to stop and eat on the way. Guys, the plan was to stop and eat on the way. We also stopped.  But We also stopped.  But We also stopped.  But some people there were behaving very rudely.  They were some people there were behaving very rudely.  They were some people there were behaving very rudely.  They were taking photos and making videos in a systematic manner. taking photos and making videos in a systematic manner. taking photos and making videos in a systematic manner. So we got up from there and came back.  Then we did So we got up from there and came back.  Then we did So we got up from there and came back.  Then we did not eat anything.  So this happens not eat anything.  So this happens not eat anything.  So this happens very often.  So I didn't even tell my mother at home. very often.  So I didn't even tell my mother at home. very often.  So I didn't even tell my mother at home. But still look, we have got three rotis. But still look, we have got three rotis. But still look, we have got three rotis. So that's So that's So that's enough for now.  Avantika and both of them will eat together. enough for now.  Avantika and both of them will eat together. enough for now.  Avantika and both of them will eat together. Tell me if you see anything? Tell me if you see anything? Tell me if you see anything? What? What? What? So these days while eating food we keep watching something guys. So these days while eating food we keep watching something guys. So these days while eating food we keep watching something guys. We have taken all the subscriptions. We have taken all the subscriptions. We have taken all the subscriptions. Netflix, Prime Video, Jio, Netflix, Prime Video, Jio, Netflix, Prime Video, Jio, Hotstar, Zee5 all of them.  There was a time when he used to ask for money from people Hotstar, Zee5 all of them.  There was a time when he used to ask for money from people Hotstar, Zee5 all of them.  There was a time when he used to ask for money from people but now look, he has taken everything from everyone. but now look, he has taken everything from everyone. but now look, he has taken everything from everyone. Guys, we want to watch this, we want to watch Safed Sagar Guys, we want to watch this, we want to watch Safed Sagar Guys, we want to watch this, we want to watch Safed Sagar completely because we had also gone to its trailer launch, it has already come, we will completely because we had also gone to its trailer launch, it has already come, we will watch it on Netflix only.  It is also running at number one. watch it on Netflix only.  It is also running at number one. watch it on Netflix only.  It is also running at number one. So for now, I do editing. So for now, I do editing. So for now, I do editing. I hope you liked today's vlog.   If you I hope you liked today's vlog.   If you I hope you liked today's vlog.   If you like it then please like it.  Please subscribe to the channel. like it then please like it.  Please subscribe to the channel. like it then please like it.  Please subscribe to the channel. See you See you See you in the next vlog.  Thank you so much for watching.  Bye. in the next vlog.  Thank you so much for watching.  Bye. in the next vlog.  Thank you so much for watching.  Bye. TV Le TV