Now when I reach there come see say Now when I reach there come see say Now when I reach there come see say two court we just fight finish. So then two court we just fight finish. So then two court we just fight finish. So then say make them just settle then say make say make them just settle then say make say make them just settle then say make them just invite me to come MC the them just invite me to come MC the them just invite me to come MC the settlement say we all these black we settlement say we all these black we settlement say we all these black we take MC their program say change some take MC their program say change some take MC their program say change some things for my body later somebody come things for my body later somebody come things for my body later somebody come meet me again say I make them they laugh meet me again say I make them they laugh meet me again say I make them they laugh like small children. So they make them they feel like say So they make them they feel like say So they make them they feel like say they never put hand for bad thing they never put hand for bad thing they never put hand for bad thing before. for takot for takot for takot now. Good evening. now. Good evening. now. Good evening. I just they return from my auntie I just they return from my auntie I just they return from my auntie barrier. When I go the burial the things then why When I go the burial the things then why When I go the burial the things then why I see there just make me realize say I see there just make me realize say I see there just make me realize say no be every food then suppose they share no be every food then suppose they share no be every food then suppose they share for burial for burial for burial get some food then where they not get some food then where they not get some food then where they not supposed they share for burial at all supposed they share for burial at all supposed they share for burial at all but we make but we make but we make we make the person where die they feel we make the person where die they feel we make the person where die they feel like say then then they happy saying die maybe every food then any food where maybe every food then any food where maybe every food then any food where make person do like maybe I need for make person do like maybe I need for make person do like maybe I need for burial no good no good no good at all burial no good no good no good at all burial no good no good no good at all person person person make the person die think just person no they do all those things it's not no they do all those things it's not no they do all those things it's not it's not nice it's not nice it's not nice person dance for my auntie burial so person dance for my auntie burial so person dance for my auntie burial so they she sustain injury for her leg how they she sustain injury for her leg how they she sustain injury for her leg how you go which kind joy They your heart you go which kind joy They your heart you go which kind joy They your heart when you go dance for person burial till when you go dance for person burial till when you go dance for person burial till you wound what you want tell people now you wound what you want tell people now you wound what you want tell people now say you take get that wound say you take get that wound say you take get that wound I mean they dance for person burial now I mean they dance for person burial now I mean they dance for person burial now I come wound which kind of lifestyle be I come wound which kind of lifestyle be I come wound which kind of lifestyle be that way you just understand some people on I notice on I notice the way things on I notice on I notice the way things on I notice on I notice the way things they cost now they cost now they cost now it don't you know say before they it don't you know say before they it don't you know say before they complain about this thing now it don't complain about this thing now it don't complain about this thing now it don't go another level people they cook now go another level people they cook now go another level people they cook now ingredients not they complete for the ingredients not they complete for the ingredients not they complete for the food food food I go my friend house me and him eat a I go my friend house me and him eat a I go my friend house me and him eat a bar till we chop finish I don't know say bar till we chop finish I don't know say bar till we chop finish I don't know say now vegetable soup we chop now when we don't chop finish now when we don't chop finish now when we don't chop finish I come tell this your soup sweet I come tell this your soup sweet I come tell this your soup sweet say what make no say nobody cook say what make no say nobody cook say what make no say nobody cook vegetable soup vegetable soup vegetable soup I said why you they brag? I know they I said why you they brag? I know they I said why you they brag? I know they talk about vegetable soup. I they talk talk about vegetable soup. I they talk talk about vegetable soup. I they talk of this one we we chop. of this one we we chop. of this one we we chop. He said same thing we talk man. I said He said same thing we talk man. I said He said same thing we talk man. I said no be the same thing we talk. no be the same thing we talk. no be the same thing we talk. He said when I chop I said it not taste He said when I chop I said it not taste He said when I chop I said it not taste like vegetable. I said it taste like like vegetable. I said it taste like like vegetable. I said it taste like vegetable. He said say now vegetable be vegetable. He said say now vegetable be vegetable. He said say now vegetable be that say me they go find leaf inside. that say me they go find leaf inside. that say me they go find leaf inside. Say leaf not supposed inside every Say leaf not supposed inside every Say leaf not supposed inside every vegetable. Because of because of the price because Because of because of the price because Because of because of the price because of the price of all these things any of the price of all these things any of the price of all these things any show way then call me now I they go I show way then call me now I they go I show way then call me now I they go I they go if you they celebrate anything they go if you they celebrate anything they go if you they celebrate anything now call me now they go if you like make now call me now they go if you like make now call me now they go if you like make them want behead somebody and call me I them want behead somebody and call me I them want behead somebody and call me I go go I go MCM so ladies and gentlemen go go I go MCM so ladies and gentlemen go go I go MCM so ladies and gentlemen we're here for the beheading of Mr. we're here for the beheading of Mr. we're here for the beheading of Mr. Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan who has been very stubborn and has ended who has been very stubborn and has ended who has been very stubborn and has ended his life in this tragic way. I go MC his life in this tragic way. I go MC his life in this tragic way. I go MC then call me recently to Bini say MC one then call me recently to Bini say MC one then call me recently to Bini say MC one gathering gathering gathering and the mistake where I do I don't ask and the mistake where I do I don't ask and the mistake where I do I don't ask them say who they gather now when I reach there I come they see now when I reach there I come they see now when I reach there I come they see say now two cult we just fight finish so say now two cult we just fight finish so say now two cult we just fight finish so then say make them just settle now then then say make them just settle now then then say make them just settle now then say make them just invite me to come MC say make them just invite me to come MC say make them just invite me to come MC the settlement party no be small thing I the settlement party no be small thing I the settlement party no be small thing I reach there been wear black suit wear reach there been wear black suit wear reach there been wear black suit wear black shoe. When I reach there and I black shoe. When I reach there and I black shoe. When I reach there and I want start to the MCM, somebody come want start to the MCM, somebody come want start to the MCM, somebody come meet me say meet me say meet me say whether they not tell me say n settle whether they not tell me say n settle whether they not tell me say n settle then they settle today. I said I said then they settle today. I said I said then they settle today. I said I said don't tell me he said then what make don't tell me he said then what make don't tell me he said then what make only the other people color come say wear all this black why we take MC say wear all this black why we take MC say wear all this black why we take MC their program say they go change some their program say they go change some their program say they go change some things for my body so I come the sho the things for my body so I come the sho the things for my body so I come the sho the shoe somebody come bring white canvas shoe somebody come bring white canvas shoe somebody come bring white canvas come give me I come wear they come give come give me I come wear they come give come give me I come wear they come give me white anchor shift m do pocket filler me white anchor shift m do pocket filler me white anchor shift m do pocket filler so two white come my body I come begin so two white come my body I come begin so two white come my body I come begin they talk they talk some people come they talk they talk some people come they talk they talk some people come they laugh they laugh later somebody they laugh they laugh later somebody they laugh they laugh later somebody come meet me say come meet me say come meet me say I I won't cause problem for this place I I won't cause problem for this place I I won't cause problem for this place say I think they tell me say now settle say I think they tell me say now settle say I think they tell me say now settle then they settle say we didn't ignore my then they settle say we didn't ignore my then they settle say we didn't ignore my joke now only the other court they joke now only the other court they joke now only the other court they relate to the jokes relate to the jokes relate to the jokes relate to that say make I talk something relate to that say make I talk something relate to that say make I talk something we go sweet everybody we go sweet everybody we go sweet everybody come begin they talk talk all of them come begin they talk talk all of them come begin they talk talk all of them come they laugh laugh later somebody come they laugh laugh later somebody come they laugh laugh later somebody come meet me again come meet me again come meet me again I they make them they laugh like small I they make them they laugh like small I they make them they laugh like small children. So they make them they feel like say So they make them they feel like say So they make them they feel like say they never put hand for bad thing they never put hand for bad thing they never put hand for bad thing before. before. before. They make I talk joke make them feel They make I talk joke make them feel They make I talk joke make them feel like bad guys. like bad guys. like bad guys. Suffer way they suffer. Suffer way they suffer. Suffer way they suffer. No, but are they are they used are they No, but are they are they used are they No, but are they are they used are they used to all these things because of my used to all these things because of my used to all these things because of my upbringing and where we where I come upbringing and where we where I come upbringing and where we where I come from? They don't already train me for from? They don't already train me for from? They don't already train me for life. be kind lessons where we learn. life. be kind lessons where we learn. life. be kind lessons where we learn. You get how I know some people they call You get how I know some people they call You get how I know some people they call humble background. humble background. humble background. We been poor no be humble background. We been poor no be humble background. We been poor no be humble background. Nothing humble inside that thing. That Nothing humble inside that thing. That Nothing humble inside that thing. That thing no humble at all. That no humb thing no humble at all. That no humb thing no humble at all. That no humb because I I know my father plan but because I I know my father plan but because I I know my father plan but money no day. So nothing humble inside money no day. So nothing humble inside money no day. So nothing humble inside that thing. Nothing humble inside. So we that thing. Nothing humble inside. So we that thing. Nothing humble inside. So we we been poor. It get our poverty even we been poor. It get our poverty even we been poor. It get our poverty even rich. Get one time the poverty come rich. Get one time the poverty come rich. Get one time the poverty come begin they protect us. begin they protect us. begin they protect us. Yes, our poverty begin protect us for Yes, our poverty begin protect us for Yes, our poverty begin protect us for the whole of our compound only our house the whole of our compound only our house the whole of our compound only our house not enter say no enter but if you enter to come say no enter but if you enter to come say no enter but if you enter to come outside they had well because the house outside they had well because the house outside they had well because the house tight well well because now very small tight well well because now very small tight well well because now very small house now one room and we plenty where house now one room and we plenty where house now one room and we plenty where my father born plus other relatives wake my father born plus other relatives wake my father born plus other relatives wake they stay with us cuz my father get big they stay with us cuz my father get big they stay with us cuz my father get big heart but you know get big house to take heart but you know get big house to take heart but you know get big house to take attach the big heart so so attach the big heart so so attach the big heart so so now that one room now we just they share now that one room now we just they share now that one room now we just they share E they stay. No honestly if you h that E they stay. No honestly if you h that E they stay. No honestly if you h that room it t even we where they stay the room it t even we where they stay the room it t even we where they stay the house we they use caution because he get house we they use caution because he get house we they use caution because he get person where they go out first before person where they go out first before person where they go out first before every other person go to go out. If that every other person go to go out. If that every other person go to go out. If that person if wrong person go outside they person if wrong person go outside they person if wrong person go outside they ah nobody come out that day now people ah nobody come out that day now people ah nobody come out that day now people go come help us. So now so the house we go come help us. So now so the house we go come help us. So now so the house we treat the house like cult treat the house like cult treat the house like cult say for cult if you enter come outside say for cult if you enter come outside say for cult if you enter come outside again. So now so we finish anything we again. So now so we finish anything we again. So now so we finish anything we want to outside before we enter the want to outside before we enter the want to outside before we enter the house. Now so the house a very strange house. Now so the house a very strange house. Now so the house a very strange house like that. So thieves know they house like that. So thieves know they house like that. So thieves know they enter get one time one of our neighbor enter get one time one of our neighbor enter get one time one of our neighbor come borrow knife from us. would even come borrow knife from us. would even come borrow knife from us. would even they tell say no enter no enter no green they tell say no enter no enter no green they tell say no enter no enter no green just enter collect the knife now to come out begin collect the knife now to come out begin collect the knife now to come out begin they struggle they struggle they they struggle they struggle they they struggle they struggle they struggle they push they struggle they struggle they push they struggle they struggle they push they struggle they shout when they shout in recognize shout when they shout in recognize shout when they shout in recognize person where they in corner say no be person where they in corner say no be person where they in corner say no be you they show your picture for TV say you they show your picture for TV say you they show your picture for TV say you don't lost the guy say no be small I you don't lost the guy say no be small I you don't lost the guy say no be small I come discuss business with their father come discuss business with their father come discuss business with their father since last week now they try to come out since last week now they try to come out since last week now they try to come out no no no ah again one time one thief come he just ah again one time one thief come he just ah again one time one thief come he just open our cutting he Just see people back open our cutting he Just see people back open our cutting he Just see people back just facing all of them they sweat face just facing all of them they sweat face just facing all of them they sweat face and the guy shocking shout say Jesus. He said what all of they do inside here. He said what all of they do inside here. He said what all of they do inside here. We say our house on house now stand like We say our house on house now stand like We say our house on house now stand like this. We say yes. He said I know they this. We say yes. He said I know they this. We say yes. He said I know they sleep. We say we sleep. He say how they sleep. We say we sleep. He say how they sleep. We say we sleep. He say how they take sleep. We say sleep. We sleep like take sleep. We say sleep. We sleep like take sleep. We say sleep. We sleep like this. this. this. We know they lie down sleep for sleep. We know they lie down sleep for sleep. We know they lie down sleep for sleep. We sleep. You just go the dist face me after like 2 minutes nobody face me after like 2 minutes nobody face me after like 2 minutes nobody don't turn don't turn don't turn we go turn person we different need to we go turn person we different need to we go turn person we different need to turn first then others turn small don't turn first then others turn small don't turn first then others turn small don't no worry we go turn just wait patience no worry we go turn just wait patience no worry we go turn just wait patience patience patience patience the guy say we on our father we go sh the guy say we on our father we go sh the guy say we on our father we go sh make you see him but they just know they make you see him but they just know they make you see him but they just know they are with us just know then he get one are with us just know then he get one are with us just know then he get one time where one unlucky thief cuz now new time where one unlucky thief cuz now new time where one unlucky thief cuz now new thief he just come the area you know ask thief he just come the area you know ask thief he just come the area you know ask question he just come just jump enter question he just come just jump enter question he just come just jump enter inside the house thief finish to come inside the house thief finish to come inside the house thief finish to come out now come hang out now come hang out now come hang their struggle struggle struggle their struggle struggle struggle their struggle struggle struggle struggle so they reach one time begin struggle so they reach one time begin struggle so they reach one time begin they threaten us all leave me I want leave me I want leave me I want I DON'T I GO I GO shoot I go shoot now my I GO I GO shoot I go shoot now my I GO I GO shoot I go shoot now my younger sister brother you go raise your younger sister brother you go raise your younger sister brother you go raise your hand try hand try hand try begin say person begin say person begin say person begin shoot I kill see person even breathe against I see person even breathe against I see person even breathe against I breathe I know make fine. Make call police. CALL POLICE. fine. Make call police. CALL POLICE. fine. Make call police. CALL POLICE. MAKE CALL POLICE. DON'T ENTER the house. MAKE CALL POLICE. DON'T ENTER the house. MAKE CALL POLICE. DON'T ENTER the house. Make call police. Make call police. Make call police. Daddy [cheering] Daddy [cheering] Daddy [cheering] waiting. I want to talk to my father. waiting. I want to talk to my father. waiting. I want to talk to my father. Daddy, I've been looking for a way to Daddy, I've been looking for a way to Daddy, I've been looking for a way to see you since. But it's not like I don't see you since. But it's not like I don't see you since. But it's not like I don't want to see you. It's just that the the want to see you. It's just that the the want to see you. It's just that the the protocol, you know, like no, it's not like it's you know, like no, it's not like it's you know, like no, it's not like it's not like they're not doing a good job. not like they're not doing a good job. not like they're not doing a good job. But I don't know one particular guy, you But I don't know one particular guy, you But I don't know one particular guy, you always park me very far from the church. always park me very far from the church. always park me very far from the church. You before I walk from that side to the You before I walk from that side to the You before I walk from that side to the church or it's already fifth service church or it's already fifth service church or it's already fifth service most times. there's no way to see you. most times. there's no way to see you. most times. there's no way to see you. So because of that now me too I've I've So because of that now me too I've I've So because of that now me too I've I've decided to join the protocol team in decided to join the protocol team in decided to join the protocol team in Leky church Leky church Leky church so that people will not suffer what I'm so that people will not suffer what I'm so that people will not suffer what I'm suffering. suffering. suffering. So me I I try my best to park people So me I I try my best to park people So me I I try my best to park people close to the church like if you come close to the church like if you come close to the church like if you come late now the church is in Leki I used to late now the church is in Leki I used to late now the church is in Leki I used to tell them to park somewhere very close tell them to park somewhere very close tell them to park somewhere very close to the church at lei that you know you to the church at lei that you know you to the church at lei that you know you know you know Lagos now daddy so you know you know Lagos now daddy so you know you know Lagos now daddy so you know that that place is very close to know that that place is very close to know that that place is very close to it's not even far it's just like from it's not even far it's just like from it's not even far it's just like from here to a greater it's not [cheering] here to a greater it's not [cheering] here to a greater it's not [cheering] it's not that far like that so that's it's not that far like that so that's it's not that far like that so that's why I just tell people to stay yes So why I just tell people to stay yes So why I just tell people to stay yes So ah you see the the things that has been you see the the things that has been you see the the things that has been happening I will come and come and share happening I will come and come and share happening I will come and come and share it with you. it with you. it with you. Honestly, I just I just don't understand Honestly, I just I just don't understand Honestly, I just I just don't understand this life. Whenever good thing happens this life. Whenever good thing happens this life. Whenever good thing happens to you, people will just come out to to you, people will just come out to to you, people will just come out to take credit. And like that time they they gave me And like that time they they gave me And like that time they they gave me that appointment. Daddy that appointment. Daddy that appointment. Daddy this life. If you see if you see people this life. If you see if you see people this life. If you see if you see people that came to me to tell me they were the that came to me to tell me they were the that came to me to tell me they were the ones that made it happen. ones that made it happen. ones that made it happen. I don't know where they came. Cameraman I don't know where they came. Cameraman I don't know where they came. Cameraman in government house. I just got there. in government house. I just got there. in government house. I just got there. He started telling me and governor since He started telling me and governor since He started telling me and governor since morning money no be small fight because morning money no be small fight because morning money no be small fight because of you just understand some people and see daddy I know those those people and see daddy I know those those people and see daddy I know those those people that used to back me far from the church that used to back me far from the church that used to back me far from the church I know it's not really their fault I know it's not really their fault I know it's not really their fault because ever since I it's been long because ever since I it's been long because ever since I it's been long since we saw so that our resemblance is since we saw so that our resemblance is since we saw so that our resemblance is now reducing. now reducing. now reducing. It's now it's now reducing. So they It's now it's now reducing. So they It's now it's now reducing. So they don't used to know that I'm your son any don't used to know that I'm your son any don't used to know that I'm your son any anymore. So So I I said I will look for anymore. So So I I said I will look for anymore. So So I I said I will look for a way to to renew it. Yeah. Because a way to to renew it. Yeah. Because a way to to renew it. Yeah. Because because in my family we normally look because in my family we normally look because in my family we normally look like whatever is taking care of us. like whatever is taking care of us. like whatever is taking care of us. So So So we if you come to my family now, you we if you come to my family now, you we if you come to my family now, you won't know who we look like cuz anytime won't know who we look like cuz anytime won't know who we look like cuz anytime my father has money, we look like him. my father has money, we look like him. my father has money, we look like him. So anytime my mother has money, we look So anytime my mother has money, we look So anytime my mother has money, we look like her too. And so the thing used to like her too. And so the thing used to like her too. And so the thing used to hurt my father. So sometimes he used to hurt my father. So sometimes he used to hurt my father. So sometimes he used to go and borrow money just to make sure we go and borrow money just to make sure we go and borrow money just to make sure we look like him. So So what we do is the look like him. So So what we do is the look like him. So So what we do is the thing is not it's it's a it's like it's thing is not it's it's a it's like it's thing is not it's it's a it's like it's something that is just there. It's not something that is just there. It's not something that is just there. It's not like we do it on our own. And if the like we do it on our own. And if the like we do it on our own. And if the money is not coming from you direct, money is not coming from you direct, money is not coming from you direct, then we don't look like you. And so then we don't look like you. And so then we don't look like you. And so whenever our father goes to borrow money whenever our father goes to borrow money whenever our father goes to borrow money from our landlord, we start looking like from our landlord, we start looking like from our landlord, we start looking like our landlord. our landlord. our landlord. Yes. So that's that's what we do. So Yes. So that's that's what we do. So Yes. So that's that's what we do. So like now now daddy like now that time I like now now daddy like now that time I like now now daddy like now that time I was telling you about that 10 million was telling you about that 10 million was telling you about that 10 million thing that time now and if you give me thing that time now and if you give me thing that time now and if you give me that money now me and you carbon copy no that money now me and you carbon copy no that money now me and you carbon copy no if you see nobody nobody will see the if you see nobody nobody will see the if you see nobody nobody will see the difference. difference. difference. I will even come here and preach on your I will even come here and preach on your I will even come here and preach on your behalf they won't notice. Nobody will behalf they won't notice. Nobody will behalf they won't notice. Nobody will know. know. know. >> [cheering] >> That's what >> That's what >> That's what Yes. So, so the the the only the only Yes. So, so the the the only the only Yes. So, so the the the only the only person we we don't like to look like in person we we don't like to look like in person we we don't like to look like in our house is my grandmother because she our house is my grandmother because she our house is my grandmother because she has a gift of complaining. has a gift of complaining. has a gift of complaining. My grandmother can My grandmother My grandmother can My grandmother My grandmother can My grandmother complains for everything. When the rain complains for everything. When the rain complains for everything. When the rain touch her, she complained. So that the touch her, she complained. So that the touch her, she complained. So that the rain is too hard on her. That doesn't rain is too hard on her. That doesn't rain is too hard on her. That doesn't the rain know she's a she's an old the rain know she's a she's an old the rain know she's a she's an old woman. Why is he hitting her like that? woman. Why is he hitting her like that? woman. Why is he hitting her like that? My grandmother complained in the church My grandmother complained in the church My grandmother complained in the church when they gave her holy communion. when they gave her holy communion. when they gave her holy communion. She said the bread is not today bread. What what what even annoyed me is the What what what even annoyed me is the What what what even annoyed me is the fact that she was looking for today fact that she was looking for today fact that she was looking for today bread as if it's today that Jesus died. bread as if it's today that Jesus died. bread as if it's today that Jesus died. I just I just don't understand. So So So that this period I've been studying my that this period I've been studying my that this period I've been studying my Bible so much. So I've come to realize Bible so much. So I've come to realize Bible so much. So I've come to realize that there is one thing that God hates that there is one thing that God hates that there is one thing that God hates so much and that is gossip. so much and that is gossip. so much and that is gossip. And God does not like we believers to And God does not like we believers to And God does not like we believers to always gossip. He does not like it at always gossip. He does not like it at always gossip. He does not like it at all. That is why you see that wherever all. That is why you see that wherever all. That is why you see that wherever two or three are gathered, he's always two or three are gathered, he's always two or three are gathered, he's always there to make sure they are praying and there to make sure they are praying and there to make sure they are praying and not gossiping. He's always there to make not gossiping. He's always there to make not gossiping. He's always there to make sure things are okay. [cheering] Yes. sure things are okay. [cheering] Yes. sure things are okay. [cheering] Yes. No. No. We used to stress God too much No. No. We used to stress God too much No. No. We used to stress God too much because most times you just see people because most times you just see people because most times you just see people gather Christians you think they are gather Christians you think they are gather Christians you think they are praying they just gossiping if you see praying they just gossiping if you see praying they just gossiping if you see pastor shoot today things that does not pastor shoot today things that does not pastor shoot today things that does not concern you just be so used to stress concern you just be so used to stress concern you just be so used to stress god like god will be here now thinking god like god will be here now thinking god like god will be here now thinking they are praying another people gather they are praying another people gather they are praying another people gather there he will go again he's always there there he will go again he's always there there he will go again he's always there when two or three are gathered that's when two or three are gathered that's when two or three are gathered that's why during that lockdown ah god was very why during that lockdown ah god was very why during that lockdown ah god was very happy happy happy because that time there was no way for because that time there was no way for because that time there was no way for two or three to gather because of social two or three to gather because of social two or three to gather because of social distancing so god was resting a lot. distancing so god was resting a lot. distancing so god was resting a lot. That [cheering] That [cheering] That [cheering] that is not a small thing. Oh, during that is not a small thing. Oh, during that is not a small thing. Oh, during that lockdown period, a lot happened that lockdown period, a lot happened that lockdown period, a lot happened though. People started stealing up and though. People started stealing up and though. People started stealing up and down. If you see my area, people were down. If you see my area, people were down. If you see my area, people were just stealing things up and down. just stealing things up and down. just stealing things up and down. Stealing. Some people came late for Stealing. Some people came late for Stealing. Some people came late for because that time they were looting. because that time they were looting. because that time they were looting. Some people they arrived there late. So Some people they arrived there late. So Some people they arrived there late. So there was nothing to steal. So So one of there was nothing to steal. So So one of there was nothing to steal. So So one of them stole signboard. them stole signboard. them stole signboard. and and left with it just like that. and and left with it just like that. and and left with it just like that. People were just taking different things People were just taking different things People were just taking different things at that time. If you see people were at that time. If you see people were at that time. If you see people were just attacking me every day, taking just attacking me every day, taking just attacking me every day, taking things from me because that time I left things from me because that time I left things from me because that time I left Lagos and I went to Bayasa. I discovered Lagos and I went to Bayasa. I discovered Lagos and I went to Bayasa. I discovered that every house in Baya had one one that every house in Baya had one one that every house in Baya had one one thief. thief. thief. I didn't even because because of the the I didn't even because because of the the I didn't even because because of the the way people were robbing now. So way people were robbing now. So way people were robbing now. So everybody was protecting themselves. If everybody was protecting themselves. If everybody was protecting themselves. If you come to this family and steal now, you come to this family and steal now, you come to this family and steal now, they'll get upset and send their own they'll get upset and send their own they'll get upset and send their own thief out. to man to go and thief too. thief out. to man to go and thief too. thief out. to man to go and thief too. So it was it was just like that. People So it was it was just like that. People So it was it was just like that. People were just stealing stealing things up were just stealing stealing things up were just stealing stealing things up and down. It was was it was very nice. and down. It was was it was very nice. and down. It was was it was very nice. So he it got and it got to a to a point So he it got and it got to a to a point So he it got and it got to a to a point they they started stealing uh too much. they they started stealing uh too much. they they started stealing uh too much. So I don't know how how it happened. So I don't know how how it happened. So I don't know how how it happened. They I started owing them cuz they were They I started owing them cuz they were They I started owing them cuz they were stealing from they were stealing from me stealing from they were stealing from me stealing from they were stealing from me a lot. So it got to a point they search a lot. So it got to a point they search a lot. So it got to a point they search me and they don't see anything. They me and they don't see anything. They me and they don't see anything. They tell me you so forget to daddy. forget to daddy. forget to daddy. So because of the pressure that time, So because of the pressure that time, So because of the pressure that time, one of my cousin that was in the house, one of my cousin that was in the house, one of my cousin that was in the house, he said that he has to look for a way to he said that he has to look for a way to he said that he has to look for a way to protect himself because the boy doesn't protect himself because the boy doesn't protect himself because the boy doesn't really believe in God like that. So he really believe in God like that. So he really believe in God like that. So he went to look for one small street cult went to look for one small street cult went to look for one small street cult to join. He now went to join one like to join. He now went to join one like to join. He now went to join one like and the boy is blind on the left eye. So and the boy is blind on the left eye. So and the boy is blind on the left eye. So So he went to join them and they asked So he went to join them and they asked So he went to join them and they asked him what he can do. He said he can be a him what he can do. He said he can be a him what he can do. He said he can be a spy with one eye. with one eye. with one eye. So to cut the long story short now that So to cut the long story short now that So to cut the long story short now that they all dead in the G because he is the they all dead in the G because he is the they all dead in the G because he is the cause whenever the enemies are coming cause whenever the enemies are coming cause whenever the enemies are coming from the left he doesn't see them. He from the left he doesn't see them. He from the left he doesn't see them. He always sees with the right and he be always sees with the right and he be always sees with the right and he be shouting the coast is clear the coast is shouting the coast is clear the coast is shouting the coast is clear the coast is clear. clear. clear. He just came and carried everybody like He just came and carried everybody like He just came and carried everybody like that. No yeah a lot a lot has happened. Ah so No yeah a lot a lot has happened. Ah so No yeah a lot a lot has happened. Ah so much has happened that day. If you see I much has happened that day. If you see I much has happened that day. If you see I don't know why people people are just don't know why people people are just don't know why people people are just like this in this in this country like this in this in this country like this in this in this country whenever they they they see you they whenever they they they see you they whenever they they they see you they they always they always want to to they always they always want to to they always they always want to to advise you yes or I don't know they just feel they yes or I don't know they just feel they yes or I don't know they just feel they just feel they just feel like I didn't just feel they just feel like I didn't just feel they just feel like I didn't spend that money very well. So anytime spend that money very well. So anytime spend that money very well. So anytime people see me they always want to advise people see me they always want to advise people see me they always want to advise me and there is one thing because they me and there is one thing because they me and there is one thing because they always call me on the phone there is one always call me on the phone there is one always call me on the phone there is one thing they always talk they always have thing they always talk they always have thing they always talk they always have one language those kind of people they one language those kind of people they one language those kind of people they always tell you I be come out for where always tell you I be come out for where always tell you I be come out for where you there I want to talk to you I don't you there I want to talk to you I don't you there I want to talk to you I don't know I don't know what they see in that know I don't know what they see in that know I don't know what they see in that thing that time that that money came thing that time that that money came thing that time that that money came somebody just called me say ah aa where somebody just called me say ah aa where somebody just called me say ah aa where you there I said I lo you there I said I lo you there I said I lo so they don't give you your money I said so they don't give you your money I said so they don't give you your money I said yes so hey thank god Oh, I become for yes so hey thank god Oh, I become for yes so hey thank god Oh, I become for where you there I want to talk to you. where you there I want to talk to you. where you there I want to talk to you. So I I I shifted I shifted from where I So I I I shifted I shifted from where I So I I I shifted I shifted from where I was. He started advising me and advising was. He started advising me and advising was. He started advising me and advising me. All of a sudden before I knew it me. All of a sudden before I knew it me. All of a sudden before I knew it another person called that was my another person called that was my another person called that was my auntie. She said ah my son where you I auntie. She said ah my son where you I auntie. She said ah my son where you I say mommy I go so hey thank God though say mommy I go so hey thank God though say mommy I go so hey thank God though you don't come much shame for your you don't come much shame for your you don't come much shame for your family. I I say yes. So she said family. I I say yes. So she said family. I I say yes. So she said so then don't give you your money. I so then don't give you your money. I so then don't give you your money. I said yes. Yeah. Yeah. said yes. Yeah. Yeah. said yes. Yeah. Yeah. I feel comfort. Where are you there? I I feel comfort. Where are you there? I I feel comfort. Where are you there? I want talk to you. want talk to you. want talk to you. >> Thank you very much. >> Yeah. Now they all right. Now they all right. Now they all right. I try. I try. I try. >> We just we be like the only surviving >> We just we be like the only surviving >> We just we be like the only surviving people for Nigeria. Plenty things don't happen for this Plenty things don't happen for this Plenty things don't happen for this country this year. country this year. country this year. Things were not supposed to happen this Things were not supposed to happen this Things were not supposed to happen this year happened inside this year. And out of everything we happen now now And out of everything we happen now now And out of everything we happen now now two things now I notice. The first thing two things now I notice. The first thing two things now I notice. The first thing why I realize say we think they kill us why I realize say we think they kill us why I realize say we think they kill us for this country. for this country. for this country. No be bandits or politics or anything. No be bandits or politics or anything. No be bandits or politics or anything. No think they kill us for Nigeria. No think they kill us for Nigeria. No think they kill us for Nigeria. Now opinion our opinion for this country too plenty. our opinion for this country too plenty. our opinion for this country too plenty. Now we think our opinion done to plenty Now we think our opinion done to plenty Now we think our opinion done to plenty for this country. Now we think the for this country. Now we think the for this country. Now we think the number one thing where they kill us with number one thing where they kill us with number one thing where they kill us with that opinion. opinion too plenty that opinion. opinion too plenty that opinion. opinion too plenty and why anywhere you see me now I know and why anywhere you see me now I know and why anywhere you see me now I know they won't give my opinion again they won't give my opinion again they won't give my opinion again I know they give I know they no matter I know they give I know they no matter I know they give I know they no matter what happen you not see me they give what happen you not see me they give what happen you not see me they give opinion anywhere opinion anywhere opinion anywhere I don't get opinion I get forward they I don't get opinion I get forward they I don't get opinion I get forward they use normally I get four opinion but you use normally I get four opinion but you use normally I get four opinion but you don't ever see me they give opinion don't ever see me they give opinion don't ever see me they give opinion anywhere again they keep my opinion if I anywhere again they keep my opinion if I anywhere again they keep my opinion if I see go buy my opinion I go sell more see go buy my opinion I go sell more see go buy my opinion I go sell more change this December I go give opinion change this December I go give opinion change this December I go give opinion outside Again keep my opinion to myself outside Again keep my opinion to myself outside Again keep my opinion to myself now. Opinion opinion too plenty. I just now. Opinion opinion too plenty. I just now. Opinion opinion too plenty. I just pray if government put law say as a pray if government put law say as a pray if government put law say as a Nigerian from next year make everybody Nigerian from next year make everybody Nigerian from next year make everybody not get past two opinion again everybody not get past two opinion again everybody not get past two opinion again everybody two two opinion per year if you use your two two opinion per year if you use your two two opinion per year if you use your two opinion finish you go wait till next two opinion finish you go wait till next two opinion finish you go wait till next year. year. year. You go shorten the way people they talk You go shorten the way people they talk You go shorten the way people they talk for the country because people they talk for the country because people they talk for the country because people they talk too much. Go go go comment section you too much. Go go go comment section you too much. Go go go comment section you go see 5,000 comments now because of go see 5,000 comments now because of go see 5,000 comments now because of unlimited opinion now why people they unlimited opinion now why people they unlimited opinion now why people they talk plenty like that if they reduce the talk plenty like that if they reduce the talk plenty like that if they reduce the opinion you go see 12 comments could be opinion you go see 12 comments could be opinion you go see 12 comments could be milestone people they happy for 12 milestone people they happy for 12 milestone people they happy for 12 comment this one with opinion too much comment this one with opinion too much comment this one with opinion too much too plenty for the country too plenty for the country too plenty for the country opinion finish you go they call your opinion finish you go they call your opinion finish you go they call your friends they borrow opinion friends they borrow opinion friends they borrow opinion I be James quick one here I be one I be James quick one here I be one I be James quick one here I be one comment section like this I need comment section like this I need comment section like this I need contribute something I don't know you contribute something I don't know you contribute something I don't know you don't use your opinion finish if you don't use your opinion finish if you don't use your opinion finish if you just send me one opinion I beg why just send me one opinion I beg why just send me one opinion I beg why normally my opinion the day by this time normally my opinion the day by this time normally my opinion the day by this time of year and that Mr. I use the wedding of year and that Mr. I use the wedding of year and that Mr. I use the wedding finish my opinion [laughter] finish my opinion [laughter] finish my opinion [laughter] if you just send me one opinion I don't if you just send me one opinion I don't if you just send me one opinion I don't beg you opinion before why you behave beg you opinion before why you behave beg you opinion before why you behave like this one opinion why they ask you like this one opinion why they ask you like this one opinion why they ask you now July just ah it go make sense make now July just ah it go make sense make now July just ah it go make sense make sense the second thing where I notice sense the second thing where I notice sense the second thing where I notice way they worry us for this country or way they worry us for this country or way they worry us for this country or the second thing where I notice we go the second thing where I notice we go the second thing where I notice we go help us for this country they say I help us for this country they say I help us for this country they say I don't realize say this country we don't don't realize say this country we don't don't realize say this country we don't reach to get our own calendar 12 months reach to get our own calendar 12 months reach to get our own calendar 12 months not of it carry us again for one year not of it carry us again for one year not of it carry us again for one year and 12 months not going to reach us and 12 months not going to reach us and 12 months not going to reach us again cuz the things happen for the again cuz the things happen for the again cuz the things happen for the country plenty past the months where we country plenty past the months where we country plenty past the months where we get and so we need about 16 months now get and so we need about 16 months now get and so we need about 16 months now for Nigeria to complete one year and 12 for Nigeria to complete one year and 12 for Nigeria to complete one year and 12 months not going to reach us again cuz months not going to reach us again cuz months not going to reach us again cuz the things happen to PL and it stress the things happen to PL and it stress the things happen to PL and it stress God I know say God said they try best to God I know say God said they try best to God I know say God said they try best to help us make sure say everything happen help us make sure say everything happen help us make sure say everything happen inside one year because we know we inside one year because we know we inside one year because we know we stress we stress God well they stress stress we stress God well they stress stress we stress God well they stress too too too It's too much because now why any time It's too much because now why any time It's too much because now why any time where I see people they complain say how where I see people they complain say how where I see people they complain say how this plenty things go happen inside only this plenty things go happen inside only this plenty things go happen inside only November I follow them complain I say November I follow them complain I say November I follow them complain I say now God they work and God they try help now God they work and God they try help now God they work and God they try help us they try compress happen for 3 months us they try compress happen for 3 months us they try compress happen for 3 months make it happen inside one month make make it happen inside one month make make it happen inside one month make everywhere they balance yes because if everywhere they balance yes because if everywhere they balance yes because if you don't do like that now we come they you don't do like that now we come they you don't do like that now we come they get carry over to the next year and as a get carry over to the next year and as a get carry over to the next year and as a nation you know good be better name say nation you know good be better name say nation you know good be better name say we get carry over you know good like we get carry over you know good like we get carry over you know good like that so they try compress things make that so they try compress things make that so they try compress things make happen inside and The eye you know the happen inside and The eye you know the happen inside and The eye you know the calculation. You know the calculation calculation. You know the calculation calculation. You know the calculation where God go through to compress 3 where God go through to compress 3 where God go through to compress 3 months into one. You know the months into one. You know the months into one. You know the calculation to go calculate every day calculation to go calculate every day calculation to go calculate every day for for for yeah we don't have enough space again sorry for Muslim God sorry for Muslim God sorry for Muslim God chai chai chai chai chai chai chai chai. chai chai chai chai chai chai chai chai. chai chai chai chai chai chai chai chai. I show for kaduna on Sunday. to go use I show for kaduna on Sunday. to go use I show for kaduna on Sunday. to go use Kai now you ch for your child Kai now you ch for your child Kai now you ch for your child we don't have enough space in you what we don't have enough space in you what we don't have enough space in you what do we do now what my problem is this guy do we do now what my problem is this guy do we do now what my problem is this guy this Ned woko and his wives they're this Ned woko and his wives they're this Ned woko and his wives they're taking all the spaces that's my issue taking all the spaces that's my issue taking all the spaces that's my issue now okay see what we do put Ned woko and now okay see what we do put Ned woko and now okay see what we do put Ned woko and bandit in one month [laughter] bandit in one month [laughter] bandit in one month [laughter] add Donald Trump to one month let it let add Donald Trump to one month let it let add Donald Trump to one month let it let it happen in one month now the angel go it happen in one month now the angel go it happen in one month now the angel go ah that will be too much for when do you ah that will be too much for when do you ah that will be too much for when do you know what will happen in December I'm know what will happen in December I'm know what will happen in December I'm the one who sees tomorrow. I say add the one who sees tomorrow. I say add the one who sees tomorrow. I say add everything. What is wrong with you? everything. What is wrong with you? everything. What is wrong with you? [applause] I'm the one who sees the [applause] I'm the one who sees the [applause] I'm the one who sees the future and you're telling me add this future and you're telling me add this future and you're telling me add this thing. Uh-uh. We still have enough. We thing. Uh-uh. We still have enough. We thing. Uh-uh. We still have enough. We still have a little space there, right? still have a little space there, right? still have a little space there, right? Yeah, that's a little space we still Yeah, that's a little space we still Yeah, that's a little space we still have there. Okay, let's see what we can have there. Okay, let's see what we can have there. Okay, let's see what we can put. Uh, okay. Very dark man fighting put. Uh, okay. Very dark man fighting put. Uh, okay. Very dark man fighting over Jalof. Sorry. Fighting with Jolof. over Jalof. Sorry. Fighting with Jolof. over Jalof. Sorry. Fighting with Jolof. Put it Put it there. Put Puty Dark Man Put it Put it there. Put Puty Dark Man Put it Put it there. Put Puty Dark Man there. Go add that one. Go look. Okay, there. Go add that one. Go look. Okay, there. Go add that one. Go look. Okay, that that's enough. When you put all that that's enough. When you put all that that's enough. When you put all these things, please shut the doors and these things, please shut the doors and these things, please shut the doors and the windows cuz a lot of people in the windows cuz a lot of people in the windows cuz a lot of people in Nigeria are going to cry to me in Nigeria are going to cry to me in Nigeria are going to cry to me in December. I don't want to hear their December. I don't want to hear their December. I don't want to hear their voice. Just shut everything. They cry. I voice. Just shut everything. They cry. I voice. Just shut everything. They cry. I don't not ready for that rubbish. Let don't not ready for that rubbish. Let don't not ready for that rubbish. Let them cry their blood out. them cry their blood out. them cry their blood out. No, I don't see the next world war No, I don't see the next world war No, I don't see the next world war happen for this country. happen for this country. happen for this country. The next world war we go for this for The next world war we go for this for The next world war we go for this for this world. Now bloggers goat. this world. Now bloggers goat. this world. Now bloggers goat. I don't see finish now bloggers now go I don't see finish now bloggers now go I don't see finish now bloggers now go start the next world war. Yes. Because start the next world war. Yes. Because start the next world war. Yes. Because then just something if if no say we know then just something if if no say we know then just something if if no say we know if no say we see the video when very if no say we see the video when very if no say we see the video when very dark man and jolov they fight bloggers dark man and jolov they fight bloggers dark man and jolov they fight bloggers for don't spoil the whole thing happened for don't spoil the whole thing happened for don't spoil the whole thing happened there something we take our IC bloggers there something we take our IC bloggers there something we take our IC bloggers we just go write anything we concern we just go write anything we concern we just go write anything we concern them which one we go write something them which one we go write something them which one we go write something happen say happen say happen say Mr. your love socks very man's breast Mr. your love socks very man's breast Mr. your love socks very man's breast which kind which kind when that one which kind which kind when that one which kind which kind when that one happen happen happen when that kind of thing happen video all when that kind of thing happen video all when that kind of thing happen video all of us take our IC lie like that blog cause problem for lie like that blog cause problem for lie like that blog cause problem for this country it's not right it's not this country it's not right it's not this country it's not right it's not things the way it happen things the way it happen things the way it happen when I see the news he shock me I say when I see the news he shock me I say when I see the news he shock me I say Mr. Mr. Mr. s very dark man s very dark man s very dark man it didn't shock me I begin call because it didn't shock me I begin call because it didn't shock me I begin call because I lie to the know the truth when I see I lie to the know the truth when I see I lie to the know the truth when I see those things I call some people they those things I call some people they those things I call some people they close to Mr. Jol see close to Mr. Jol see close to Mr. Jol see guy shock person and they tell me say no guy shock person and they tell me say no guy shock person and they tell me say no say Mr. do that kind say Mr. of lacto say Mr. do that kind say Mr. of lacto say Mr. do that kind say Mr. of lacto intolerance treat like that they lie like this for the guy like that they lie like this for the guy like that they lie like this for the guy head they talk things not happen it's head they talk things not happen it's head they talk things not happen it's not right now >> I don't respond to treatment I I know do plenty things so just they I know do plenty things so just they I know do plenty things so just they bath three times a day bath three times a day bath three times a day but t don't small since last year don't small since last year don't small since last year say I don't grow finish say I don't grow finish say I don't grow finish no sweet me say grow say this our no sweet me say grow say this our no sweet me say grow say this our generation one of our biggest generation one of our biggest generation one of our biggest achievement be that we grow Week all of achievement be that we grow Week all of achievement be that we grow Week all of us just rush grow grow everybody grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow so they come grow grow grow grow grow so they come grow grow grow grow grow so they come grow come jam adulthood way surprise come jam adulthood way surprise come jam adulthood way surprise everybody everybody everybody this adult would surprise people well this adult would surprise people well this adult would surprise people well well ah surprise you know get some well ah surprise you know get some well ah surprise you know get some adults where never believe say their adults where never believe say their adults where never believe say their original life then they live so then original life then they live so then original life then they live so then then they hope say one day then just then they hope say one day then just then they hope say one day then just wake up from sleep as 5 years speaking wake up from sleep as 5 years speaking wake up from sleep as 5 years speaking just realize all they suffer now dream just realize all they suffer now dream just realize all they suffer now dream Now your real life be this go live Now your real life be this go live Now your real life be this go live go live the lifeh go live the lifeh go live the lifeh remember when people they talk I can't remember when people they talk I can't remember when people they talk I can't wait to be 30 I can't wait to be 30 wait to be 30 I can't wait to be 30 wait to be 30 I can't wait to be 30 it is not so 30 day don't see 30 now you it is not so 30 day don't see 30 now you it is not so 30 day don't see 30 now you see and say you 30 but something see and say you 30 but something see and say you 30 but something something inside you they tell you say something inside you they tell you say something inside you they tell you say you and 30 not be met you reach 30 so if If you if you beg if you reach 30 so if If you if you beg if you reach 30 so if If you if you beg if you never become adult yet no go they you never become adult yet no go they you never become adult yet no go they rush they mature just 15 years don't get fully face they just 15 years don't get fully face they just 15 years don't get fully face they do like that take your time grow small do like that take your time grow small do like that take your time grow small this not be generation where they get this not be generation where they get this not be generation where they get full face anyhow just like that take full face anyhow just like that take full face anyhow just like that take your time step by step your time step by step your time step by step cuz anything make them begin call you cuz anything make them begin call you cuz anything make them begin call you auntie or brother your own don't finish auntie or brother your own don't finish auntie or brother your own don't finish for this country I tell you the way for this country I tell you the way for this country I tell you the way things go cost for you. You go believe things go cost for you. You go believe things go cost for you. You go believe just overnight things just start to cost just overnight things just start to cost just overnight things just start to cost and only you see other person they see and only you see other person they see and only you see other person they see only those around 30 or above 30 they only those around 30 or above 30 they only those around 30 or above 30 they know say things they cost just even me know say things they cost just even me know say things they cost just even me they talk safe they talk safe they talk safe no adulthood go be I don't even bother no adulthood go be I don't even bother no adulthood go be I don't even bother myself grow rich like this myself grow rich like this myself grow rich like this left to me I for just stop to grow left to me I for just stop to grow left to me I for just stop to grow around that 2007 just when I see s near around that 2007 just when I see s near around that 2007 just when I see s near adulthood Just stop stop to grow that adulthood Just stop stop to grow that adulthood Just stop stop to grow that year just p for 2007 in 2007 land now year just p for 2007 in 2007 land now year just p for 2007 in 2007 land now 50,000 50,000 50,000 price well 35,000 you go get her I come price well 35,000 you go get her I come price well 35,000 you go get her I come grow no no no no no adult I find all grow no no no no no adult I find all grow no no no no no adult I find all means I try my best to make sure say I means I try my best to make sure say I means I try my best to make sure say I avoid anything where concern adulthood I avoid anything where concern adulthood I avoid anything where concern adulthood I try my best every day that my fight be try my best every day that my fight be try my best every day that my fight be that anything just concern adult avoid that anything just concern adult avoid that anything just concern adult avoid them they avoid Well, well even they them they avoid Well, well even they them they avoid Well, well even they find now people tell me they behave like find now people tell me they behave like find now people tell me they behave like small small small one me if I wake up for morning first one me if I wake up for morning first one me if I wake up for morning first question why one year why you behave question why one year why you behave question why one year why you behave like small like small like small and those ones they motivate me yes now and those ones they motivate me yes now and those ones they motivate me yes now cuz I notic if you just once you cross cuz I notic if you just once you cross cuz I notic if you just once you cross 30 you get what they happen once you 30 you get what they happen once you 30 you get what they happen once you cross 30 it be like say your head go cross 30 it be like say your head go cross 30 it be like say your head go just open make problem begin to enter just open make problem begin to enter just open make problem begin to enter Yes like somebody open door for your Yes like somebody open door for your Yes like somebody open door for your head problem every day new problem enter head problem every day new problem enter head problem every day new problem enter every day new problem enter every day new problem enter every day new problem enter reach one time space go your head again reach one time space go your head again reach one time space go your head again your head go come tight with problem your head go come tight with problem your head go come tight with problem problem everywhere problem even your problem everywhere problem even your problem everywhere problem even your brain no go see somewhere stay for the brain no go see somewhere stay for the brain no go see somewhere stay for the head problem go push your brain push head problem go push your brain push head problem go push your brain push your your brain come bend your your brain come bend your your brain come bend like like like your land from here to there that's four your land from here to there that's four your land from here to there that's four plots plots plots And so your brain got so if you day and And so your brain got so if you day and And so your brain got so if you day and you don't cross 30 chances they very you don't cross 30 chances they very you don't cross 30 chances they very high so your brain day right now high so your brain day right now high so your brain day right now people above 30 then they they they people above 30 then they they they people above 30 then they they they suffer you know say get the problem go suffer you know say get the problem go suffer you know say get the problem go fool your head rich and they the problem fool your head rich and they the problem fool your head rich and they the problem they come begin they argue with each they come begin they argue with each they come begin they argue with each other. other. other. Yeah. So inside your head all your Yeah. So inside your head all your Yeah. So inside your head all your problem just be they argue which of them problem just be they argue which of them problem just be they argue which of them where you go first think about. where you go first think about. where you go first think about. Yeah. Family problem just come out one Yeah. Family problem just come out one Yeah. Family problem just come out one morning say now me go think about today morning say now me go think about today morning say now me go think about today as in they talk another problem go reply as in they talk another problem go reply as in they talk another problem go reply and say who you be with think about you and say who you be with think about you and say who you be with think about you two times in a row. No, because two times in a row. No, because two times in a row. No, because yesterday think about you. Now you be yesterday think about you. Now you be yesterday think about you. Now you be the only problem there. You know they the only problem there. You know they the only problem there. You know they see other problem they are tobacos here see other problem they are tobacos here see other problem they are tobacos here whenever complain you don't know why you whenever complain you don't know why you whenever complain you don't know why you know they complain you just come you know they complain you just come you know they complain you just come you think about as in they argue just shout from corner as in they argue just shout from corner as in they argue just shout from corner may nobody follow me drag on Saturday may nobody follow me drag on Saturday may nobody follow me drag on Saturday now me think about on Saturday now me think about on Saturday now me think about on Saturday as they talk that one light bill go this as they talk that one light bill go this as they talk that one light bill go this one where they quarrel I sure say give one where they quarrel I sure say give one where they quarrel I sure say give me space he say you not worry if I go me space he say you not worry if I go me space he say you not worry if I go follow me go use my slot together you follow me go use my slot together you follow me go use my slot together you light You mean we together? No worry. light You mean we together? No worry. light You mean we together? No worry. Let's go. So now your problem just they Let's go. So now your problem just they Let's go. So now your problem just they argue you know. No. So now with adults argue you know. No. So now with adults argue you know. No. So now with adults they go through be that children them they go through be that children them they go through be that children them they go through all those things. Now they go through all those things. Now they go through all those things. Now children they enjoy pass only play play children they enjoy pass only play play children they enjoy pass only play play play play play play play play play play play play play play play play play play play play play play play. Children now. play play play play play. Children now. play play play play play. Children now. Why you not ever see small picking where Why you not ever see small picking where Why you not ever see small picking where they mad? Every time only adults they mad every Every time only adults they mad every Every time only adults they mad every matter where you go. I never ever see matter where you go. I never ever see matter where you go. I never ever see small picking where they crazy before. small picking where they crazy before. small picking where they crazy before. Every time adult adult you see even if Every time adult adult you see even if Every time adult adult you see even if they send even if they send juuju for they send even if they send juuju for they send even if they send juuju for you say make you mad the come when you you say make you mad the come when you you say make you mad the come when you be small they wait when you don't turn be small they wait when you don't turn be small they wait when you don't turn adult now for their graduation day as say now for their graduation day as say now for their graduation day as say congratulations wake up begin to wake congratulations wake up begin to wake congratulations wake up begin to wake everything so Philip take m everything so Philip take m everything so Philip take m so you know they come small once you so you know they come small once you so you know they come small once you grow this grow this grow this >> they wait mean you grow first >> they wait mean you grow first >> they wait mean you grow first no and to be honest if we Look mad no and to be honest if we Look mad no and to be honest if we Look mad people where well it goes say get things people where well it goes say get things people where well it goes say get things where we as normal people supposed they where we as normal people supposed they where we as normal people supposed they learn from them. learn from them. learn from them. Yes, we know they study mad people Yes, we know they study mad people Yes, we know they study mad people enough and I know say I not go believe enough and I know say I not go believe enough and I know say I not go believe mad people they know they discriminate mad people they know they discriminate mad people they know they discriminate on each other on each other on each other then they look at each other equally then they look at each other equally then they look at each other equally nobody big pass anybody for madness now nobody big pass anybody for madness now nobody big pass anybody for madness now why they see say mad man we don't they why they see say mad man we don't they why they see say mad man we don't they mad since 10 years ago with mad man we mad since 10 years ago with mad man we mad since 10 years ago with mad man we just start to mad last month two of them just start to mad last month two of them just start to mad last month two of them they chop for the same dust bean they they chop for the same dust bean they they chop for the same dust bean they chop it see you go the other one they chop it see you go the other one they chop it see you go the other one they say you just start to m disembark from say you just start to m disembark from say you just start to m disembark from my din go chop for another bean my din go chop for another bean my din go chop for another bean You just started mad last morning then You just started mad last morning then You just started mad last morning then they do all those things then no see mad they do all those things then no see mad they do all those things then no see mad man just they they behave no they don't man just they they behave no they don't man just they they behave no they don't they get good relationship with each they get good relationship with each they get good relationship with each other and I don't see two mad men where other and I don't see two mad men where other and I don't see two mad men where they trek together before for Lagos yeah they trek together before for Lagos yeah they trek together before for Lagos yeah they t together I don't they observe they t together I don't they observe they t together I don't they observe them like 3 weeks sometimes they go face them like 3 weeks sometimes they go face them like 3 weeks sometimes they go face vi vi vi sometimes they go face a I come they sometimes they go face a I come they sometimes they go face a I come they very curious I come they ask people I very curious I come they ask people I very curious I come they ask people I say what happen with These two mad men say what happen with These two mad men say what happen with These two mad men they track together every time. So now they track together every time. So now they track together every time. So now people come they explain to me they say people come they explain to me they say people come they explain to me they say actually one of them know they stay for actually one of them know they stay for actually one of them know they stay for Lagos but two of them be friends. Say Lagos but two of them be friends. Say Lagos but two of them be friends. Say but one they base for Los said that one but one they base for Los said that one but one they base for Los said that one they stay for bani said that one day the they stay for bani said that one day the they stay for bani said that one day the one with Bini come visit the one day one with Bini come visit the one day one with Bini come visit the one day Lagos. So I come visit and go back the Lagos. So I come visit and go back the Lagos. So I come visit and go back the one with Legos. one with Legos. one with Legos. This one come visit me like this all the This one come visit me like this all the This one come visit me like this all the way from Bi. I see go back. So make I way from Bi. I see go back. So make I way from Bi. I see go back. So make I escort you. escort you. escort you. Now take escort from Lagos to Pini. Now take escort from Lagos to Pini. Now take escort from Lagos to Pini. So when come back say ah so you escort me all the way from say ah so you escort me all the way from say ah so you escort me all the way from Lagos come bene. So all the adventure where we see for road all the adventure where we see for road all the adventure where we see for road all the rotten banana where we chop for all the rotten banana where we chop for all the rotten banana where we chop for make escort you go back to Lagos make escort you go back to Lagos make escort you go back to Lagos now take escort go back Lagos. So when now take escort go back Lagos. So when now take escort go back Lagos. So when anyone come back that one come they look anyone come back that one come they look anyone come back that one come they look and say ah my guy and say ah my guy and say ah my guy this your gesture where you show me so this your gesture where you show me so this your gesture where you show me so where you escort me from pine come Lagos where you escort me from pine come Lagos where you escort me from pine come Lagos which kind friend I go be if I don't which kind friend I go be if I don't which kind friend I go be if I don't escort you go back to pini escort you go back to pini escort you go back to pini so for 3 years now they don't escort so for 3 years now they don't escort so for 3 years now they don't escort each other like that just all their leg each other like that just all their leg each other like that just all their leg don't swell finish they don't g up they don't swell finish they don't g up they don't swell finish they don't g up they still escort each other you they see the still escort each other you they see the still escort each other you they see the bond between m people we normal people bond between m people we normal people bond between m people we normal people Now you just escort your friend rich Now you just escort your friend rich Now you just escort your friend rich gate don't they tell you put something gate don't they tell you put something gate don't they tell you put something for fire you think those mad men don't for fire you think those mad men don't for fire you think those mad men don't get something for fire for them they get something for fire for them they get something for fire for them they escort interstate you see mad people escort interstate you see mad people escort interstate you see mad people I know they talk from mind they talk I know they talk from mind they talk I know they talk from mind they talk about mad men I don't want talk about about mad men I don't want talk about about mad men I don't want talk about mad women no worry mad women have no smile mad no worry mad women have no smile mad no worry mad women have no smile mad women then smart then smart like normal women then smart then smart like normal women then smart then smart like normal women too I don't see two mad women women too I don't see two mad women women too I don't see two mad women where they fight because of one mad man where they fight because of one mad man where they fight because of one mad man before before before serious fight they fight break each serious fight they fight break each serious fight they fight break each other because of the maybe save the man other because of the maybe save the man other because of the maybe save the man too handsome too handsome too handsome just say they stay for the biggest dos just say they stay for the biggest dos just say they stay for the biggest dos been with the area been with the area been with the area they see say even for madness women they they see say even for madness women they they see say even for madness women they recognize success recognize success recognize success how we hear of this how we hear of this how we hear of this >> so I beg anything where they do even >> so I beg anything where they do even >> so I beg anything where they do even just try succeed anything where you do just try succeed anything where you do just try succeed anything where you do make sure you are successful even if make sure you are successful even if make sure you are successful even if madness be successful cuz if you don't madness be successful cuz if you don't madness be successful cuz if you don't succeed for real life, any other thing succeed for real life, any other thing succeed for real life, any other thing where you go do, you go show say you not where you go do, you go show say you not where you go do, you go show say you not be successful person. If you don't be successful person. If you don't be successful person. If you don't succeed real life, you go mad. You go succeed real life, you go mad. You go succeed real life, you go mad. You go show say you not be successful mad man. show say you not be successful mad man. show say you not be successful mad man. Yes. Now because you go get your own Yes. Now because you go get your own Yes. Now because you go get your own does been people does be you borrow it does been people does be you borrow it does been people does be you borrow it go stay go stay go stay you suffer well if you don't succeed. you suffer well if you don't succeed. you suffer well if you don't succeed. Yes. True. Now Yes. True. Now Yes. True. Now so see you don't go scratch that. Don't see you don't go scratch that. Don't see you don't go scratch that. Don't make me forget the next thing. What I make me forget the next thing. What I make me forget the next thing. What I want want want then say make I stop y too much. Good then say make I stop y too much. Good then say make I stop y too much. Good man.