do my makeup with me. I'm going to use
some concealer on my eye base so your
eyes should have something to grip on it
instead from your own base. Otherwise,
it will just fall off straight away.
Just bend in your base so it's nice and
dry like this. I'm using the Morphe 350
palette and I'll be using this shade
with a Morphe brush as well. Just
applying the eye shadow on my crease. Do
it smoothly and don't leave it like
this. You have to blend it in like this
what I done. So, we're going to cut a
crease and then you stop halfway. You
don't go full and then start filling it
in. Keep tapping so it becomes smooth
and not packy. Now, I'm going to set the
base with some white eyeshadow. Clean
this mascara all over Tik Tok.
Apparently, it lifts up your lashes with
only mascara. It's by Maybelline and
it's called Bubble Colossal. Guys, this
is it done. For some reason, this one
called more co beam. So, let's go in.
I've already made them match. I mixed
the two shades together. One was too
dark for me, one was too light, so I had
to mix them in. Look at that glow. It's
like glass skin. I'm going to use a
little bit of Tarte concealer. And guys,
I don't wear this out. I never do. If I
just go out, I'll do my lips basically
cuz you can't go out without lip gloss.
And please don't come in my comments and
say, "She's too young. Oh, he's not
allowed to do this. Why does she go out
with this? I don't go out with it. I
just do it for fun. If you guys have
been following me, you know from a young
age that I've been do I have loved
makeup and been doing it. Just me
sharing my talent with you guys cuz why
not? Blush is next. The ColourPop
Perfect Peach. I've never used this
before. So, my first time using it with
you guys. Maybe I too much. Don't know.
Let's go for it. Oh, yeah. This is way
too much. It's all right. We can blend,
blend, blend, blend, blend, blend.
There. Beautiful. I got my nails done
for my birthday. This is my natural
nails. I've been growing it for a year
and it's g
polish. So pretty. I'm going to set my
face a bit so it's not so shiny. Look
how better that is. It still has a glow
but not as wet on my skin. Now this is
your Beverly Hills lip liner in the
shade malt. Next, I'm going to use the
Huda Beauty blush for my
lips. It's really cute. This is my
finished look. My cute little buns.
Mostly my
makeup. My mom's makeup the same as
mine.
Stunning. You've done such a good job,
baby girl. Always.
