do my makeup with me. I'm going to use do my makeup with me. I'm going to use do my makeup with me. I'm going to use some concealer on my eye base so your some concealer on my eye base so your some concealer on my eye base so your eyes should have something to grip on it eyes should have something to grip on it eyes should have something to grip on it instead from your own base. Otherwise, instead from your own base. Otherwise, instead from your own base. Otherwise, it will just fall off straight away. it will just fall off straight away. it will just fall off straight away. Just bend in your base so it's nice and Just bend in your base so it's nice and Just bend in your base so it's nice and dry like this. I'm using the Morphe 350 dry like this. I'm using the Morphe 350 dry like this. I'm using the Morphe 350 palette and I'll be using this shade palette and I'll be using this shade palette and I'll be using this shade with a Morphe brush as well. Just with a Morphe brush as well. Just with a Morphe brush as well. Just applying the eye shadow on my crease. Do applying the eye shadow on my crease. Do applying the eye shadow on my crease. Do it smoothly and don't leave it like it smoothly and don't leave it like it smoothly and don't leave it like this. You have to blend it in like this this. You have to blend it in like this this. You have to blend it in like this what I done. So, we're going to cut a what I done. So, we're going to cut a what I done. So, we're going to cut a crease and then you stop halfway. You crease and then you stop halfway. You crease and then you stop halfway. You don't go full and then start filling it in. Keep tapping so it becomes smooth in. Keep tapping so it becomes smooth in. Keep tapping so it becomes smooth and not packy. Now, I'm going to set the and not packy. Now, I'm going to set the and not packy. Now, I'm going to set the base with some white eyeshadow. Clean base with some white eyeshadow. Clean base with some white eyeshadow. Clean this mascara all over Tik Tok. this mascara all over Tik Tok. this mascara all over Tik Tok. Apparently, it lifts up your lashes with Apparently, it lifts up your lashes with Apparently, it lifts up your lashes with only mascara. It's by Maybelline and only mascara. It's by Maybelline and only mascara. It's by Maybelline and it's called Bubble Colossal. Guys, this it's called Bubble Colossal. Guys, this it's called Bubble Colossal. Guys, this is it done. For some reason, this one is it done. For some reason, this one is it done. For some reason, this one called more co beam. So, let's go in. called more co beam. So, let's go in. called more co beam. So, let's go in. I've already made them match. I mixed I've already made them match. I mixed I've already made them match. I mixed the two shades together. One was too the two shades together. One was too the two shades together. One was too dark for me, one was too light, so I had dark for me, one was too light, so I had dark for me, one was too light, so I had to mix them in. Look at that glow. It's to mix them in. Look at that glow. It's to mix them in. Look at that glow. It's like glass skin. I'm going to use a like glass skin. I'm going to use a like glass skin. I'm going to use a little bit of Tarte concealer. And guys, little bit of Tarte concealer. And guys, little bit of Tarte concealer. And guys, I don't wear this out. I never do. If I I don't wear this out. I never do. If I I don't wear this out. I never do. If I just go out, I'll do my lips basically just go out, I'll do my lips basically just go out, I'll do my lips basically cuz you can't go out without lip gloss. cuz you can't go out without lip gloss. cuz you can't go out without lip gloss. And please don't come in my comments and And please don't come in my comments and And please don't come in my comments and say, "She's too young. Oh, he's not say, "She's too young. Oh, he's not say, "She's too young. Oh, he's not allowed to do this. Why does she go out allowed to do this. Why does she go out allowed to do this. Why does she go out with this? I don't go out with it. I with this? I don't go out with it. I with this? I don't go out with it. I just do it for fun. If you guys have just do it for fun. If you guys have just do it for fun. If you guys have been following me, you know from a young been following me, you know from a young been following me, you know from a young age that I've been do I have loved age that I've been do I have loved age that I've been do I have loved makeup and been doing it. Just me makeup and been doing it. Just me makeup and been doing it. Just me sharing my talent with you guys cuz why sharing my talent with you guys cuz why sharing my talent with you guys cuz why not? Blush is next. The ColourPop not? Blush is next. The ColourPop not? Blush is next. The ColourPop Perfect Peach. I've never used this Perfect Peach. I've never used this Perfect Peach. I've never used this before. So, my first time using it with before. So, my first time using it with before. So, my first time using it with you guys. Maybe I too much. Don't know. you guys. Maybe I too much. Don't know. you guys. Maybe I too much. Don't know. Let's go for it. Oh, yeah. This is way Let's go for it. Oh, yeah. This is way Let's go for it. Oh, yeah. This is way too much. It's all right. We can blend, too much. It's all right. We can blend, too much. It's all right. We can blend, blend, blend, blend, blend, blend. blend, blend, blend, blend, blend. blend, blend, blend, blend, blend. There. Beautiful. I got my nails done There. Beautiful. I got my nails done There. Beautiful. I got my nails done for my birthday. This is my natural for my birthday. This is my natural for my birthday. This is my natural nails. I've been growing it for a year nails. I've been growing it for a year nails. I've been growing it for a year and it's g and it's g and it's g polish. So pretty. I'm going to set my polish. So pretty. I'm going to set my polish. So pretty. I'm going to set my face a bit so it's not so shiny. Look face a bit so it's not so shiny. Look face a bit so it's not so shiny. Look how better that is. It still has a glow how better that is. It still has a glow how better that is. It still has a glow but not as wet on my skin. Now this is but not as wet on my skin. Now this is but not as wet on my skin. Now this is your Beverly Hills lip liner in the your Beverly Hills lip liner in the your Beverly Hills lip liner in the shade malt. Next, I'm going to use the shade malt. Next, I'm going to use the shade malt. Next, I'm going to use the Huda Beauty blush for my Huda Beauty blush for my Huda Beauty blush for my lips. It's really cute. This is my lips. It's really cute. This is my lips. It's really cute. This is my finished look. My cute little buns. finished look. My cute little buns. finished look. My cute little buns. Mostly my makeup. My mom's makeup the same as makeup. My mom's makeup the same as makeup. My mom's makeup the same as mine. mine. mine. Stunning. You've done such a good job, Stunning. You've done such a good job, Stunning. You've done such a good job, baby girl. Always.