7 days, seven Atarangi snacks. It's day 7 days, seven Atarangi snacks. It's day 7 days, seven Atarangi snacks. It's day four and today we don't have only just four and today we don't have only just four and today we don't have only just one product. Have two different drinks. one product. Have two different drinks. one product. Have two different drinks. We have Moya popping boba in luchi and We have Moya popping boba in luchi and We have Moya popping boba in luchi and mango. We are going to try these. These mango. We are going to try these. These mango. We are going to try these. These were very were very were very because boba. We usually drink in boba because boba. We usually drink in boba because boba. We usually drink in boba cafes and stuff, but I'm quite not cafes and stuff, but I'm quite not cafes and stuff, but I'm quite not sure. So, let's try it. I love luchi sure. So, let's try it. I love luchi sure. So, let's try it. I love luchi flavor. So, we are going to try this flavor. So, we are going to try this flavor. So, we are going to try this first. first. first. Smells like your mou luchi flavor. Oh yes, I can see the popping flavor. Oh yes, I can see the popping flavor. Oh yes, I can see the popping boba. Ai quantity. I got this for 100 boba. Ai quantity. I got this for 100 boba. Ai quantity. I got this for 100 rupees like one can for 100 rupees. And rupees like one can for 100 rupees. And rupees like one can for 100 rupees. And usually bobas are up to 150 200ish. Nice. Usual moui 200ish. Nice. Usual moui 200ish. Nice. Usual moui drink obviously. Now, let's try the drink obviously. Now, let's try the drink obviously. Now, let's try the popping boba. These are the popping bob bars. M. These are actually good. I bars. M. These are actually good. I bars. M. These are actually good. I usually don't prefer popping bobas usually don't prefer popping bobas usually don't prefer popping bobas because they're too too tangy and because they're too too tangy and because they're too too tangy and artificial, but this one is really nice. artificial, but this one is really nice. artificial, but this one is really nice. A very nice drink. I would rate this a A very nice drink. I would rate this a A very nice drink. I would rate this a solid 9 on 10. I really like it. It was solid 9 on 10. I really like it. It was solid 9 on 10. I really like it. It was pretty partial because luchy flavor, but pretty partial because luchy flavor, but pretty partial because luchy flavor, but I'm not sure about the mango flavors. I'm not sure about the mango flavors. I'm not sure about the mango flavors. So, let's give this a try. So, let's give this a try. So, let's give this a try. It tastes like It tastes like It tastes like maza. No, it actually tastes like maza. No, it actually tastes like maza. No, it actually tastes like fruity. If you know, you know. Fruity fruity. If you know, you know. Fruity fruity. If you know, you know. Fruity maza. Different taste. This is how the maza. Different taste. This is how the maza. Different taste. This is how the color looks like. It's pretty artificial color. But how it looks my favorite because it is kind of looks my favorite because it is kind of looks my favorite because it is kind of artificial. Liiiala much better if you artificial. Liiiala much better if you artificial. Liiiala much better if you like moi. So, I would rate the mango one like moi. So, I would rate the mango one like moi. So, I would rate the mango one maybe six on good refreshing drink, but maybe six on good refreshing drink, but maybe six on good refreshing drink, but I won't ever bite this flavor. I would I won't ever bite this flavor. I would I won't ever bite this flavor. I would rather go for the luchi flavor because I rather go for the luchi flavor because I rather go for the luchi flavor because I really love luchi. That's it