Hey there and welcome to You Can Ukelele. Each week I'm releasing new song tutorials so that you can learn how to play the ukulele with success. So if you don't want to miss a lesson then hit that subscribe button, like this video and get ready to play One Day by Modest Yahoo. Now before we can play this song we first should make sure that your ukulele is in the standard tuning of JCEA. By the way if you need help tuning your ukulele then make sure that you check out my online ukulele tuner video. Next there's four chords that we need to know in order to play this song and those chords are C major, G major, A minor and F major. If you know how to play those four chords then great job. Feel free to skip ahead to the other portion of this lesson. So the first chord that we're gonna learn is C major. To play that just take your third finger and pressed on on the first string of the third fret. This is C major. The next chord that we're gonna learn is G major. To play that just take your first finger and on the third string of the second fret, take your second finger, and then take your third string of the second fret and then take your third finger and then take your third finger and then on-the-second string of the third fret. This is G major. The next chord is A minor. To play that just take your second finger and press down on the fourth string of the second fret. And our last chord for the song is F major. To play that take your first finger and then press down on the second string of the first fret. To us K- Hess said fret, and then take your second finger and press down on the fourth string of the second fret. This is F major. Now we're going to learn the chord progression for this entire song. It's just going to be C major for four beats, G major for four beats, A minor for four beats, and F major for four beats. Let's play that chord progression now by ringing out each chord. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. Now we're going to learn the string pattern for this entire song. It's just going to be down, down, tap, down, up. Let's play that string pattern now on the C major chord. Down, down, tap, down, down, tap, down, down, tap, down, tap, down, down, tap, down, up, Down, down, up, tap, down, up. And now let's apply the chord progression with a string pattern. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3, 4. Let's play that string pattern and that chord progression a little bit faster now. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3, 4. Now that we know the chords, the chord progression, and the string pattern, let's put it all together with the lyrics and play through one day. Sometimes I lay under the moon and thank God I'm breathing. Then I pray, don't take me soon, because I am here for a reason. Sometimes in my tears I drown, but I never let it get me down. So when negativity surrounds, I know someday it'll all turn around. Because all my life I've been waiting for, I've been praying for, for the people to say that we don't want to fight no more. There'll be no more wars and our children will play. One day, one day, one day. One day, one day, one day. And at the end of the song, you're just going to ring out on the C major chord. Now if you want to play through the rest of the song, then check out my ukulele cover for one day. And that's how you play One Day by Maris Yahu. Thank you so much for watching this video. I hope it brings you success in learning how to play ukulele. Special thanks to my friends at Sunstar Music for allowing me to showcase their ukulele in this video. I'm going to leave a link in the description box below so that you can check out their products. Again, don't forget to subscribe, and as always, keep practicing and keep playing, because you can uke.