Sure.  The guys give Kunali his first drive today. Sure.  The guys give Kunali his first drive today. Sure.  The guys give Kunali his first drive today. So brother, I personally So brother, I personally So brother, I personally like this car very much. like this car very much. like this car very much. Leave it, if you buy that car which has a Leave it, if you buy that car which has a Leave it, if you buy that car which has a screen in the front then I will come to screen in the front then I will come to screen in the front then I will come to you everywhere. you everywhere. you everywhere. What happened? What happened? What happened? Oye I went million. Oye I went million. Oye I went million. Hey hey what happened? Hey hey what happened? Hey hey what happened? Leave it, friend, take this car.  It's all a Leave it, friend, take this car.  It's all a Leave it, friend, take this car.  It's all a game. game. game. Brother, the vlog is going well. Brother, the vlog is going well. Brother, the vlog is going well. Oh, the engine sound is also coming from this. Oh, the engine sound is also coming from this. Oh, the engine sound is also coming from this. Hey guys good morning.  Welcome to my new Hey guys good morning.  Welcome to my new Hey guys good morning.  Welcome to my new vlog.  So brother, this time I am going to gift a vlog.  So brother, this time I am going to gift a vlog.  So brother, this time I am going to gift a new car to Avantika on her birthday. new car to Avantika on her birthday. new car to Avantika on her birthday. And this time I want to buy an And this time I want to buy an And this time I want to buy an electric car because we have a G electric car because we have a G electric car because we have a G Wagon, so brother, I am very happy with an Wagon, so brother, I am very happy with an Wagon, so brother, I am very happy with an electric car, so whatever I buy now, I am electric car, so whatever I buy now, I am electric car, so whatever I buy now, I am thinking of buying an electric car and thinking of buying an electric car and thinking of buying an electric car and gifting it to someone, but I am not able to understand gifting it to someone, but I am not able to understand gifting it to someone, but I am not able to understand which car should I gift, there is still time for which car should I gift, there is still time for which car should I gift, there is still time for his birthday, till then let's decide his birthday, till then let's decide his birthday, till then let's decide properly, today I have ordered properly, today I have ordered properly, today I have ordered two EV cars from Mahindra, both EV cars have been ordered, let's take a two EV cars from Mahindra, both EV cars have been ordered, let's take a two EV cars from Mahindra, both EV cars have been ordered, let's take a test drive of both, let's see test drive of both, let's see test drive of both, let's see which one you like, rest you which one you like, rest you which one you like, rest you also tell in the comments which electric car will be also tell in the comments which electric car will be also tell in the comments which electric car will be best for us for daily use best for us for daily use best for us for daily use because Avantika goes to many places, on because Avantika goes to many places, on because Avantika goes to many places, on shoots, on her own and many other things for the shoots, on her own and many other things for the shoots, on her own and many other things for the family, so which car will be best family, so which car will be best family, so which car will be best electric, but because the charger is electric, but because the charger is electric, but because the charger is installed, we can drive it comfortably after charging, the installed, we can drive it comfortably after charging, the installed, we can drive it comfortably after charging, the range should be good, the features should be range should be good, the features should be range should be good, the features should be good, it is fun to drive, we are looking for such a car, so let's good, it is fun to drive, we are looking for such a car, so let's good, it is fun to drive, we are looking for such a car, so let's see see see how the Mahindra one looks, today I have ordered two how the Mahindra one looks, today I have ordered two how the Mahindra one looks, today I have ordered two and guys, I am thinking of reducing the number of cars a bit, I am and guys, I am thinking of reducing the number of cars a bit, I am and guys, I am thinking of reducing the number of cars a bit, I am thinking of buying a Posh from my garage, it remains thinking of buying a Posh from my garage, it remains thinking of buying a Posh from my garage, it remains parked, I am parked, I am parked, I am thinking of taking this one out here and  I am also thinking of GLC, thinking of taking this one out here and  I am also thinking of GLC, thinking of taking this one out here and  I am also thinking of GLC, I am thinking that now it is I am thinking that now it is I am thinking that now it is right to be a little practical, after marriage I have already become old, right to be a little practical, after marriage I have already become old, right to be a little practical, after marriage I have already become old, anyway I have kept limited cars, anyway I have kept limited cars, anyway I have kept limited cars, but keep them properly, brother I am most but keep them properly, brother I am most but keep them properly, brother I am most satisfied with GLC, that is the best, satisfied with GLC, that is the best, satisfied with GLC, that is the best, rest this one does not run at all, Sahil's rest this one does not run at all, Sahil's rest this one does not run at all, Sahil's jeep is great, if I get an Avantika also then it will be jeep is great, if I get an Avantika also then it will be jeep is great, if I get an Avantika also then it will be fine, rest Fortuner is the best fine, rest Fortuner is the best fine, rest Fortuner is the best brother because guys, there is no problem in keeping too many cars, do you because guys, there is no problem in keeping too many cars, do you because guys, there is no problem in keeping too many cars, do you know what insurance is know what insurance is know what insurance is brother, the insurance of the cars is so expensive, the insurance of the cars, the brother, the insurance of the cars is so expensive, the insurance of the cars, the insurance of GLC means insurance of GLC means insurance of GLC means more than 10 lakhs are spent every year on the insurance more than 10 lakhs are spent every year on the insurance more than 10 lakhs are spent every year on the insurance of the cars, which brother, for the amount of money of the cars, which brother, for the amount of money of the cars, which brother, for the amount of money you can buy one car, when you have to pay the you can buy one car, when you have to pay the you can buy one car, when you have to pay the insurance of all the cars, then it insurance of all the cars, then it insurance of all the cars, then it seems that so much seems that so much seems that so much money is going into insurance every year, so I am money is going into insurance every year, so I am money is going into insurance every year, so I am thinking that by being a little thinking that by being a little thinking that by being a little practical, we have saved that money somewhere else, practical, we have saved that money somewhere else, practical, we have saved that money somewhere else, in education etc. What is there in that, what are you in education etc. What is there in that, what are you saying saying saying brother, Kunali has also come, brother, Kunali has also come, brother, Kunali has also come, you are talking of selling the car, let you are talking of selling the car, let you are talking of selling the car, let me me me leave it, friend, I have not even grown up yet leave it, friend, I have not even grown up yet leave it, friend, I have not even grown up yet when I  When I turn 18, I will when I  When I turn 18, I will when I  When I turn 18, I will drive all your cars once and then drive all your cars once and then drive all your cars once and then you can sell as many cars as you want you can sell as many cars as you want you can sell as many cars as you want but don't send me now friend please but don't send me now friend please but don't send me now friend please send me when I turn 18 send me when I turn 18 send me when I turn 18 which one do I want to drive I haven't which one do I want to drive I haven't which one do I want to drive I haven't driven even one yet friend sorry please friend please driven even one yet friend sorry please friend please driven even one yet friend sorry please friend please don't send me friend don't send me friend don't send me friend tell me which one do you want to drive it is tell me which one do you want to drive it is tell me which one do you want to drive it is strange to me strange to me strange to me you want to drive a car you want to drive a car you want to drive a car yes yes yes sure yes let me sure yes let me sure yes let me drive it today it will be drive it today it will be drive it today it will be fun guys he will drive the car come let's do fun guys he will drive the car come let's do fun guys he will drive the car come let's do one thing let's make Kunalu drive the car today. one thing let's make Kunalu drive the car today. Yes.  Today I have ordered a car which you Yes.  Today I have ordered a car which you Yes.  Today I have ordered a car which you can drive.   It can drive.   It can drive.   It is small.   Are is small.   Are is small.   Are ?   It is ?   It is not small but big.   It not small but big.   It not small but big.   It is big. is big. is big. Yes.   It Yes.   It Yes.   It is very big. is very big. is very big. Yes.  You can drive it. Yes.  You can drive it. Yes.  You can drive it. And do you know how?  You can operate it with a remote control. And do you know how?  You can operate it with a remote control. And do you know how?  You can operate it with a remote control. Big car with remote control. Big car with remote control. Big car with remote control. Really? Really? Really? No, the guys are lying. No, the guys are lying. No, the guys are lying. Oh really guys. Oh really guys. Oh really guys. Guys, he will bring the smaller car. Guys, he will bring the smaller car. Guys, he will bring the smaller car. No, I am very sure.  Guys let's make Kunali No, I am very sure.  Guys let's make Kunali No, I am very sure.  Guys let's make Kunali drive the car for the first time today.  That too with the remote. drive the car for the first time today.  That too with the remote. drive the car for the first time today.  That too with the remote. Guys, I can't drive a real car. Guys, I can't drive a real car. Guys, I can't drive a real car. Otherwise they'll give the toy one to me [sound of clearing throat].  It's Otherwise they'll give the toy one to me [sound of clearing throat].  It's Otherwise they'll give the toy one to me [sound of clearing throat].  It's not the toy one, not the toy one, not the toy one, right?   It must be the right?   It must be the right?   It must be the toy one.   It will be toy one.   It will be toy one.   It will be real.   The real.   The real.   The elder one doesn't come.  Guys, how much have I seen?  The elder one doesn't come.  Guys, how much have I seen?  The elder one doesn't come.  Guys, how much have I seen?  The big remote control does not come.   It big remote control does not come.   It big remote control does not come.   It comes.   It does comes.   It does comes.   It does n't come.  I am calling.  I am not n't come.  I am calling.  I am not n't come.  I am calling.  I am not coming.  I am telling you, right?   If you get it done coming.  I am telling you, right?   If you get it done coming.  I am telling you, right?   If you get it done then tell me. then tell me. then tell me. Ok.   Sure, right Ok.   Sure, right Ok.   Sure, right ? ? ? Yes. Yes. Yes. So finally the car has come out which I So finally the car has come out which I So finally the car has come out which I am going to drive for Kunal today.  And am going to drive for Kunal today.  And am going to drive for Kunal today.  And we're about to take a test drive.  Let's see how it we're about to take a test drive.  Let's see how it we're about to take a test drive.  Let's see how it looks.  And Kunali still can't believe it.   Do looks.  And Kunali still can't believe it.   Do you still think it's a prank? you still think it's a prank? you still think it's a prank? And what a prank it is.   Come on. And what a prank it is.   Come on. Guys, the car B6 has already arrived, Guys, the car B6 has already arrived, Guys, the car B6 has already arrived, we had taken its test drive earlier also.  Let's try it again today we had taken its test drive earlier also.  Let's try it again today we had taken its test drive earlier also.  Let's try it again today and also let Avantiya try it. and also let Avantiya try it. and also let Avantiya try it. So let's sit inside it. So let's sit inside it. So let's sit inside it. Brother, the look from outside is very strong.  Meaning it Brother, the look from outside is very strong.  Meaning it Brother, the look from outside is very strong.  Meaning it looks very strong.  Look, let's go inside.  Let's take a looks very strong.  Look, let's go inside.  Let's take a looks very strong.  Look, let's go inside.  Let's take a test drive.  Walk well.   I will test drive.  Walk well.   I will drive it first, right?  O Kunali drive it first, right?  O Kunali drive it first, right?  O Kunali sat inside first. sat inside first. sat inside first. And brother, the feeling you get as soon as you sit inside is like you are And brother, the feeling you get as soon as you sit inside is like you are sitting in some futuristic car.  Look, this is a sitting in some futuristic car.  Look, this is a sitting in some futuristic car.  Look, this is a very next level gear. very next level gear. very next level gear. It looks so cool and its key is It looks so cool and its key is It looks so cool and its key is also very switchable, also very switchable, also very switchable, show it, show it, show it, see this and there is also a place to keep the key, the key see this and there is also a place to keep the key, the key see this and there is also a place to keep the key, the key is there, it is is there, it is is there, it is proper, you can keep the key here like this proper, you can keep the key here like this proper, you can keep the key here like this and here its modes are parking, reverse, and here its modes are parking, reverse, and here its modes are parking, reverse, neutral, drive and look at this, the neutral, drive and look at this, the neutral, drive and look at this, the gears change in this way, now you see, gears change in this way, now you see, gears change in this way, now you see, you are buying a new car you are buying a new car you are buying a new car for me, what else, for me, what else, really, anything, let it be really, anything, let it be friend, friend, friend, and look at its sunroof, you can drive and look at its sunroof, you can drive and look at its sunroof, you can drive that car, you know, and look at its steering that car, you know, and look at its steering that car, you know, and look at its steering also, it is very unique, also, it is very unique, also, it is very unique, sporty, it is written 'E' here also. sporty, it is written 'E' here also. sporty, it is written 'E' here also. All the controls etc. are here. All the controls etc. are here. All the controls etc. are here. And look, there And look, there And look, there is not much space here either.  It doesn't seem very open is not much space here either.  It doesn't seem very open is not much space here either.  It doesn't seem very open here either. here either. here either. So brother, I personally like this car very much. So brother, I personally like this car very much. So brother, I personally like this car very much. And there is also a higher level model And there is also a higher level model And there is also a higher level model which also has a screen.  She is which also has a screen.  She is which also has a screen.  She is also a little older. also a little older. also a little older. Screen Screen Screen Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Can Watch TV. Can Watch TV. Can Watch TV. Yes, you can watch TV also. Yes, you can watch TV also. Yes, you can watch TV also. Yes, take that friend, you will enjoy it a bit. Yes, take that friend, you will enjoy it a bit. Yes, Kunal will just sit here and watch TV. Yes, Kunal will just sit here and watch TV. Yes, Kunal will just sit here and watch TV. Brother, you will vomit after seeing the burning TV.   Nothing happens. Brother, you will vomit after seeing the burning TV.   Nothing happens. So I have ordered that one.  I So I have ordered that one.  I So I have ordered that one.  I will take a test drive of that one too.  Let's take this for now. will take a test drive of that one too.  Let's take this for now. will take a test drive of that one too.  Let's take this for now. Then we will take the other one also.  Look wise Then we will take the other one also.  Look wise Then we will take the other one also.  Look wise I like this one more.  It has more features inside. I like this one more.  It has more features inside. If you buy that car which has a If you buy that car which has a If you buy that car which has a screen in the front, I will come everywhere screen in the front, I will come everywhere screen in the front, I will come everywhere with you. with you. with you. Sure? Sure? Sure? So what? So what? So what? Because you will get to watch TV [nasal sound] in Because you will get to watch TV [nasal sound] in Because you will get to watch TV [nasal sound] in that. that. that. Sure? Sure? Sure? Yes. Yes. Yes. Look what brother Kunal is saying.  It doesn't Look what brother Kunal is saying.  It doesn't Look what brother Kunal is saying.  It doesn't go anywhere.  If you take that car, I will go anywhere.  If you take that car, I will go anywhere.  If you take that car, I will come.  It will have a screen to play YouTube.   The come.  It will have a screen to play YouTube.   The best thing I found was the key feature. best thing I found was the key feature. best thing I found was the key feature. Because we keep the keys here and there.  If it gets Because we keep the keys here and there.  If it gets Because we keep the keys here and there.  If it gets lost then just keep it in its place and it will never get lost lost then just keep it in its place and it will never get lost and right now the charging is 64% and the range is showing and right now the charging is 64% and the range is showing and right now the charging is 64% and the range is showing 301 km.  That's right brother.   The 301 km.  That's right brother.   The 301 km.  That's right brother.   The range is also good.   The range is also good.   The range is also good.   The range is also good brother.   You range is also good brother.   You range is also good brother.   You can come to Delhi right now by sitting in this.   Let's try it can come to Delhi right now by sitting in this.   Let's try it can come to Delhi right now by sitting in this.   Let's try it now.  Now you drive.   I have now.  Now you drive.   I have now.  Now you drive.   I have driven it.  I driven it.  I driven it.  I like it, friend. like it, friend. like it, friend. Kunal will definitely manage it, right? Kunal will definitely manage it, right? Kunal will definitely manage it, right? Yes, yes, I will manage.  Guys, here comes another car Yes, yes, I will manage.  Guys, here comes another car Yes, yes, I will manage.  Guys, here comes another car which Kunal will like. which Kunal will like. which Kunal will like. Guys, look, I have the key in my hand. Guys, look, I have the key in my hand. Guys, look, I have the key in my hand. Who knows, you are not coming because I am standing there. Who knows, you are not coming because I am standing there. Who knows, you are not coming because I am standing there. No, she will not come.   It is No, she will not come.   It is No, she will not come.   It is coming.  It is coming.  It is coming. coming.  It is coming.  It is coming. coming.  It is coming.  It is coming. She will come and stop. Wow, it stopped on its own. Wow, it stopped on its own. Wow, it stopped on its own. Look, I'm pushing the car. Look, I'm pushing the car. Look, I'm pushing the car. So if you are taking it out from a parking lot, So if you are taking it out from a parking lot, So if you are taking it out from a parking lot, this is the best feature for that.  Press this button. this is the best feature for that.  Press this button. this is the best feature for that.  Press this button. Keep it pressed.  That car will come next. Keep it pressed.  That car will come next. Keep it pressed.  That car will come next. So brother, finally Kunal is going to drive the car.   Should I So brother, finally Kunal is going to drive the car.   Should I So brother, finally Kunal is going to drive the car.   Should I press it? press it? press it? Press, press. Press, press. Press, press. Look brother, Kunal also drove the car today. Look brother, Kunal also drove the car today. Look brother, Kunal also drove the car today. Brother, Brother, Brother, that too with the remote. that too with the remote. that too with the remote. Dude, it's quite good at driving.  So you Dude, it's quite good at driving.  So you Dude, it's quite good at driving.  So you will drive this, I will test whether will drive this, I will test whether will drive this, I will test whether I stop in the air or not.   There I stop in the air or not.   There I stop in the air or not.   There is so much space here brother. is so much space here brother. is so much space here brother. I can keep my camera here.  Guys, there I can keep my camera here.  Guys, there I can keep my camera here.  Guys, there is so much space here.  I put away my entire camera. is so much space here.  I put away my entire camera. is so much space here.  I put away my entire camera. And look how well I am able to record. And look how well I am able to record. And all the people are coming And all the people are coming And all the people are coming into the frame, right? into the frame, right? into the frame, right? Yes. Yes. Yes. Brother, this is a very nice car.   I Brother, this is a very nice car.   I Brother, this is a very nice car.   I should take this brother.  Guys, should take this brother.  Guys, should take this brother.  Guys, big luxury cars big luxury cars big luxury cars don't have this feature where I can keep my camera in them. don't have this feature where I can keep my camera in them. don't have this feature where I can keep my camera in them. So let's try the second one now.   The So let's try the second one now.   The So let's try the second one now.   The second one has more features guys. second one has more features guys. second one has more features guys. And she is a little older too.  And And she is a little older too.  And And she is a little older too.  And there is a screen for Kunal too.  Guys, let's take a there is a screen for Kunal too.  Guys, let's take a there is a screen for Kunal too.  Guys, let's take a test drive of the XV9.  Look at this, test drive of the XV9.  Look at this, test drive of the XV9.  Look at this, Kunal is sitting in the front row. Kunal is sitting in the front row. Kunal is sitting in the front row. Why are you sitting in the front row?   The Why are you sitting in the front row?   The Why are you sitting in the front row?   The screen is so big that I thought it had become screen is so big that I thought it had become screen is so big that I thought it had become small.  If it is this small then it small.  If it is this small then it small.  If it is this small then it is so big even here.   I hope is so big even here.   I hope is so big even here.   I hope you will enjoy watching this. you will enjoy watching this. you will enjoy watching this. Quickly Quickly Quickly which which which brother, there is a lot of space in the back. brother, there is a lot of space in the back. brother, there is a lot of space in the back. Kunal is asking if games are played in it. Kunal is asking if games are played in it. Kunal is asking if games are played in it. I will start and a nice sound will come. I will start and a nice sound will come. I will start and a nice sound will come. Okay, see. Oh brother, Oh brother, Oh brother, this is even smoother to drive than that. this is even smoother to drive than that. this is even smoother to drive than that. Guys look at this, there is YouTube also.  Amazon Guys look at this, there is YouTube also.  Amazon Guys look at this, there is YouTube also.  Amazon Prime Jio Hotstar, it has everything brother, Prime Jio Hotstar, it has everything brother, Prime Jio Hotstar, it has everything brother, look there are games, you look there are games, you look there are games, you can download games too, can download games too, can download games too, maybe maybe maybe one play one play one play travel kar in it, travel kar in it, travel kar in it, what happened to you, what happened to you, what happened to you, oh I am a million, oh oh I am a million, oh oh I am a million, oh what happened, what happened, what happened, friend, buy this car, it has all the games, friend, buy this car, it has all the games, friend, buy this car, it has all the games, sir, sir, sir, I can't play any game on my iPad, like the ones I can't play any game on my iPad, like the ones I can't play any game on my iPad, like the ones on PC, I on PC, I on PC, I can play PC games on the car, friend, buy this can play PC games on the car, friend, buy this can play PC games on the car, friend, buy this car, please friend, friend, look what all is there car, please friend, friend, look what all is there car, please friend, friend, look what all is there in it, look there is Macallion, there is Batman, in it, look there is Macallion, there is Batman, in it, look there is Macallion, there is Batman, Lagos too, brother, look, Lagos too, brother, look, Lagos too, brother, look, all these games will run on it, all these games will run on it, all these games will run on it, what do I have to buy, just what do I have to buy, just what do I have to buy, just look at what all is there, this Need for Speed, look at what all is there, this Need for Speed, look at what all is there, this Need for Speed, look at what amazing games are there, look at what amazing games are there, look at what amazing games are there, brother, this will become a gaming car, brother, this will become a gaming car, brother, this will become a gaming car, and we can also watch our vlogs in it while and we can also watch our vlogs in it while and we can also watch our vlogs in it while driving, driving, and guys, look at this too, it has a full moon roof and guys, look at this too, it has a full moon roof and guys, look at this too, it has a full moon roof till the back and white seats, so this also till the back and white seats, so this also till the back and white seats, so this also looks very cool, friend [Music] I will get looks very cool, friend [Music] I will get looks very cool, friend [Music] I will get everything planned tomorrow in offroading, everything planned tomorrow in offroading, everything planned tomorrow in offroading, brother, the vlog is going well, brother, the vlog is going well, brother, the vlog is going well, oh, the engine sound is also coming in it. oh, the engine sound is also coming in it. oh, the engine sound is also coming in it. So brother, I like So brother, I like So brother, I like this car very much.  Now it seems better to this car very much.  Now it seems better to this car very much.  Now it seems better to me because it is a screen, so we me because it is a screen, so we me because it is a screen, so we can watch anything on it and play games.  I can watch anything on it and play games.  I can watch anything on it and play games.  I can do anything brother. can do anything brother. can do anything brother. Friend, I have seen this car for the first time.   It has everything from Friend, I have seen this car for the first time.   It has everything from Friend, I have seen this car for the first time.   It has everything from TV to games. TV to games. TV to games. Everyone can see the vlog. Everyone can see the vlog. Everyone can see the vlog. Sorry friend, take this car friend.  In this I can Sorry friend, take this car friend.  In this I can Sorry friend, take this car friend.  In this I can see all these cartoons.  I can also play games. see all these cartoons.  I can also play games. see all these cartoons.  I can also play games. Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. So if I buy this car, you will travel everywhere. So if I buy this car, you will travel everywhere. So if I buy this car, you will travel everywhere. And will I go everywhere? And will I go everywhere? And will I go everywhere? Definitely everywhere.   What else Definitely everywhere.   What else Definitely everywhere.   What else ?   What ?   What ?   What if it doesn't work?  what will I go I if it doesn't work?  what will I go I if it doesn't work?  what will I go I promise 100% 100% promise 100% 100% promise 100% 100% 101% friend you buy a 101% friend you buy a 101% friend you buy a good car we have to buy good car we have to buy good car we have to buy this car for the city which one did you like out of the two friend this car for the city which one did you like out of the two friend this one I do this one I do this one I do n't understand n't understand n't understand friend understand friend understand friend understand Kunali which one did you like out of the two Kunali which one did you like out of the two Kunali which one did you like out of the two this one in this one is the one with this one in this one is the one with this one in this one is the one with controls controls controls which one which one which one in this one in this one no the one with forward and reverse no the one with forward and reverse no the one with forward and reverse yes this one also has it I yes this one also has it I yes this one also has it I mean it has more features in it but I mean it has more features in it but I mean it has more features in it but I like the look of this one first tell me for sure you will get it for you right like the look of this one first tell me for sure you will get it for you right like the look of this one first tell me for sure you will get it for you right you are definitely buying it you are definitely buying it you are definitely buying it oh I will get it for sure I will not do it oh I will get it for sure I will not do it oh I will get it for sure I will not do it like Minir you didn't do it like Mini I even like Minir you didn't do it like Mini I even like Minir you didn't do it like Mini I even brought it after showing it off no no I will not take it for sure I do brought it after showing it off no no I will not take it for sure I do n't know for sure do it like that one right now n't know for sure do it like that one right now n't know for sure do it like that one right now you decide which one to buy right now you decide which one to buy right now you decide which one to buy right now friend friend friend take this one what is there in it to keep the camera so take this one what is there in it to keep the camera so take this one what is there in it to keep the camera so you have a little hands God has given you have a little hands God has given you have a little hands God has given you hands keep it in your hands why do you have to keep the camera in the car you hands keep it in your hands why do you have to keep the camera in the car what is the difference in the price ok there is a what is the difference in the price ok there is a what is the difference in the price ok there is a difference of 4 lakhs I just like this one I difference of 4 lakhs I just like this one I difference of 4 lakhs I just like this one I also like it because it is for also like it because it is for also like it because it is for vlogging vlogging vlogging but it has but it has but it has features so we will put everything in that one  If we give it features so we will put everything in that one  If we give it features so we will put everything in that one  If we give it in the same car then how will it in the same car then how will it in the same car then how will it sell? sell? sell? Hey friend guys, I really like the black one Hey friend guys, I really like the black one Hey friend guys, I really like the black one because I can keep a camera there, it's cool. because I can keep a camera there, it's cool. because I can keep a camera there, it's cool. Everyone is looking at their own benefits. The one who wants to Everyone is looking at their own benefits. The one who wants to Everyone is looking at their own benefits. The one who wants to buy the car, no one cares about it. buy the car, no one cares about it. buy the car, no one cares about it. He is saying TV, he is saying camera. He is saying TV, he is saying camera. See what you want friend. Whatever you like, whatever you get will do. See what you want friend. Whatever you like, whatever you get will do. See what you want friend. Whatever you like, whatever you get will do. What can I say, What can I say, What can I say, you have to take the ultimate decision. Guys, you have to take the ultimate decision. Guys, you have to take the ultimate decision. Guys, you also tell me in the comments which one you you also tell me in the comments which one you you also tell me in the comments which one you like, like, like, but we should try a little more, but we should try a little more, but we should try a little more, before buying it, let before buying it, let before buying it, let us us us see a couple more. see a couple more. see a couple more. Right now I am drinking coffee and Right now I am drinking coffee and Right now I am drinking coffee and look here, both of them are playing, cool.  Ever since the game look here, both of them are playing, cool.  Ever since the game look here, both of them are playing, cool.  Ever since the game came out, brother, he has liked it so much.  I came out, brother, he has liked it so much.  I came out, brother, he has liked it so much.  I play for one hour every day. Kunal has liked a car.  I just Kunal has liked a car.  I just Kunal has liked a car.  I just ordered it.  Guys asks Piyush.   Let us go. ordered it.  Guys asks Piyush.   Let us go. ordered it.  Guys asks Piyush.   Let us go. Which car? Which car? Which car? Mahindra's. Mahindra's. Mahindra's. Which one? Which one? Which one? EV.   In which you EV.   In which you EV.   In which you can also play games on the can also play games on the can also play games on the screen. screen. screen. That's ma'am's million in that.   That That's ma'am's million in that.   That That's ma'am's million in that.   That means, there is means, there is means, there is a screen of Ma'am's million, in that there is a screen of Ma'am's million, in that there is a screen of Ma'am's million, in that there is Ma'am's million.   You Ma'am's million.   You Ma'am's million.   You can also play games.  Has something been put into it can also play games.  Has something been put into it can also play games.  Has something been put into it or is it there on its own? or is it there on its own? Games YouTube Amazon, Netflix Games YouTube Amazon, Netflix Games YouTube Amazon, Netflix PC wala game hai usne makeup million woh PC wala game hai usne makeup million woh PC wala game hai usne makeup million woh wali. wali. wali. That's what he's saying, he's saying, That's what he's saying, he's saying, That's what he's saying, he's saying, take that car.  I will go everywhere with you.   It is the take that car.  I will go everywhere with you.   It is the take that car.  I will go everywhere with you.   It is the best, it is going well.   It is the best, it is going well.   It is the best, it is going well.   It is the best. best. best. Kunali's TV stopped working.  Hey Kunali's TV stopped working.  Hey Kunali's TV stopped working.  Hey Amma, you have become a ghost. Amma, you have become a ghost. Amma, you have become a ghost. What have you done?  What happened?   Nothing What have you done?  What happened?   Nothing What have you done?  What happened?   Nothing happened. happened. happened. So why are you doing this?   The So why are you doing this?   The So why are you doing this?   The empty was returning to [sound of clearing throat] beneath it.   Are you empty was returning to [sound of clearing throat] beneath it.   Are you going somewhere to commit some robbery? going somewhere to commit some robbery? going somewhere to commit some robbery? Yes, yes I will go to rob.  I have run out of money. Yes, yes I will go to rob.  I have run out of money. Yes, yes I will go to rob.  I have run out of money. All the money we bought got reduced.  Now I will strike. All the money we bought got reduced.  Now I will strike. All the money we bought got reduced.  Now I will strike. Whom will you rob?   I will Whom will you rob?   I will Whom will you rob?   I will go somewhere.   Stay away go somewhere.   Stay away go somewhere.   Stay away from Amma. from Amma. from Amma. Yes Amma, robber. Yes Amma, robber. Yes Amma, robber. Amma can come anywhere.   The Amma can come anywhere.   The Amma can come anywhere.   The bandit will become a bandit.  Otherwise why would she become a bandit will become a bandit.  Otherwise why would she become a bandit will become a bandit.  Otherwise why would she become a dacoit? dacoit? dacoit? What will you eat Amma?  Please tell.   If you do What will you eat Amma?  Please tell.   If you do What will you eat Amma?  Please tell.   If you do n't want, bring some here, I will also eat it.  Whoever n't want, bring some here, I will also eat it.  Whoever n't want, bring some here, I will also eat it.  Whoever brings it. brings it. brings it. Your saree is looking very nice today. Your saree is looking very nice today. Your saree is looking very nice today. looking good? looking good? looking good? Yes.   Are Yes.   Are Yes.   Are ?   Yes, yes. ?   Yes, yes. looking good. looking good. looking good. By the way, you apply red every day, right? By the way, you apply red every day, right? By the way, you apply red every day, right? Yes.  Yes, Yes.  Yes, Yes.  Yes, today you have added green so it looks a little different. today you have added green so it looks a little different. I told you it is thick, I told you it is thick, I told you it is thick, we will we will we will wear it right now.  Thin sarees are good in summer. wear it right now.  Thin sarees are good in summer. We We We just cooled down so I took this out.   That just cooled down so I took this out.   That just cooled down so I took this out.   That 's right Guys.  Well, this is the dream. 's right Guys.  Well, this is the dream. 's right Guys.  Well, this is the dream. Look at this Look at this Look at this Usha, Usha, Usha, but I don't know when she will come.  After how many years will it but I don't know when she will come.  After how many years will it but I don't know when she will come.  After how many years will it come?  Let's see sometime in the future. come?  Let's see sometime in the future. come?  Let's see sometime in the future. Well, you can buy it to fulfill your hobby Well, you can buy it to fulfill your hobby Well, you can buy it to fulfill your hobby but then you have to look after your future and your family as but then you have to look after your future and your family as but then you have to look after your future and your family as well.  There are a lot of things to see. well.  There are a lot of things to see. well.  There are a lot of things to see. So when it comes to my mind then I So when it comes to my mind then I So when it comes to my mind then I stop and think that let me see it sometime in the future. stop and think that let me see it sometime in the future. stop and think that let me see it sometime in the future. So now I am having So now I am having So now I am having dinner.  Roti and vegetables are ready.  So today I am doing it in the room only. dinner.  Roti and vegetables are ready.  So today I am doing it in the room only. dinner.  Roti and vegetables are ready.  So today I am doing it in the room only. And today And today And today I have only seen cars etc.  And when you have to take the car home I have only seen cars etc.  And when you have to take the car home I have only seen cars etc.  And when you have to take the car home , there is so much excitement.  That's what goes on , there is so much excitement.  That's what goes on , there is so much excitement.  That's what goes on in my mind the whole day.  I keep in my mind the whole day.  I keep in my mind the whole day.  I keep watching his videos.  Which one to take? watching his videos.  Which one to take? watching his videos.  Which one to take? What to do?  Which brother, What to do?  Which brother, What to do?  Which brother, people who like cars can relate this. people who like cars can relate this. people who like cars can relate this. So that's what's going on in my mind, friend.  So let's So that's what's going on in my mind, friend.  So let's So that's what's going on in my mind, friend.  So let's meet in the next vlog.  Thanks meet in the next vlog.  Thanks meet in the next vlog.  Thanks for watching.  Bye.