It's big. It's red. It's new. And it's It's big. It's red. It's new. And it's It's big. It's red. It's new. And it's awesome. >> Hey there, I'm John. This is Two >> Hey there, I'm John. This is Two >> Hey there, I'm John. This is Two Brothers RC. And this is the E-Flight Pilates PC21 1.3 meter. is the E-Flight Pilates PC21 1.3 meter. is the E-Flight Pilates PC21 1.3 meter. Horizon Hobby sent this over to me to Horizon Hobby sent this over to me to Horizon Hobby sent this over to me to demo for you and run it through the demo for you and run it through the demo for you and run it through the review system to see how it ranks up. It review system to see how it ranks up. It review system to see how it ranks up. It handles well, it's unique, and it's got handles well, it's unique, and it's got handles well, it's unique, and it's got some serious presence to it in the sky. some serious presence to it in the sky. some serious presence to it in the sky. So, let's dive into it and see how it So, let's dive into it and see how it So, let's dive into it and see how it stacks up to the no patent pending two stacks up to the no patent pending two stacks up to the no patent pending two brothers review system. Let's start by brothers review system. Let's start by brothers review system. Let's start by giving you my actual opinion of the giving you my actual opinion of the giving you my actual opinion of the PC21. First, it is drop deadad gorgeous. PC21. First, it is drop deadad gorgeous. PC21. First, it is drop deadad gorgeous. Horizon has been continually upping the Horizon has been continually upping the Horizon has been continually upping the bar for each release. This one improves bar for each release. This one improves bar for each release. This one improves in both foam and paint quality, but in both foam and paint quality, but in both foam and paint quality, but takes a bit of a step backward in my takes a bit of a step backward in my takes a bit of a step backward in my opinion with the assembly process by opinion with the assembly process by opinion with the assembly process by using screws instead of push button using screws instead of push button using screws instead of push button connectors. I may have gotten spoiled by connectors. I may have gotten spoiled by connectors. I may have gotten spoiled by the Cendo 2 meter and its assembly. the Cendo 2 meter and its assembly. the Cendo 2 meter and its assembly. The way that thing easily bolts together The way that thing easily bolts together The way that thing easily bolts together with zero tools should be an industry with zero tools should be an industry with zero tools should be an industry standard. I'm less bothered by how standard. I'm less bothered by how standard. I'm less bothered by how something is assembled if it flies well, something is assembled if it flies well, something is assembled if it flies well, though, and this PC21 certainly does. though, and this PC21 certainly does. though, and this PC21 certainly does. But enough of my opinion. How does it But enough of my opinion. How does it But enough of my opinion. How does it stack up? Let's find out using the stack up? Let's find out using the stack up? Let's find out using the metrics designed for general aviation metrics designed for general aviation metrics designed for general aviation birds with a wingspan of 1.5 m or birds with a wingspan of 1.5 m or birds with a wingspan of 1.5 m or larger. Yes, that is how well this holds larger. Yes, that is how well this holds larger. Yes, that is how well this holds up despite being smaller than the review up despite being smaller than the review up despite being smaller than the review scale we're using. Starting off, we look at the PC21's Starting off, we look at the PC21's Starting off, we look at the PC21's maneuverability, and it's very maneuverability, and it's very maneuverability, and it's very impressive so far, but we're looking for impressive so far, but we're looking for impressive so far, but we're looking for five different things, not how cool the five different things, not how cool the five different things, not how cool the flips and spins look. flips and spins look. flips and spins look. Number one is whether it can be flown Number one is whether it can be flown Number one is whether it can be flown with a neutrally balanced center of with a neutrally balanced center of with a neutrally balanced center of gravity. Number two is if it takes off gravity. Number two is if it takes off gravity. Number two is if it takes off and lands without being a hassle. Number and lands without being a hassle. Number and lands without being a hassle. Number three is if it has enough thrust to three is if it has enough thrust to three is if it has enough thrust to actually do anything fun. actually do anything fun. actually do anything fun. Number four is what the stall speed is Number four is what the stall speed is Number four is what the stall speed is like at 1g. And number five is whether like at 1g. And number five is whether like at 1g. And number five is whether recovery from stalls is easy. First up recovery from stalls is easy. First up recovery from stalls is easy. First up on the checklist, it is very possible to on the checklist, it is very possible to on the checklist, it is very possible to fly it on a neutral center of gravity. fly it on a neutral center of gravity. fly it on a neutral center of gravity. It's also possible to make it tailheavy It's also possible to make it tailheavy It's also possible to make it tailheavy and probably unflyable, too, if you and probably unflyable, too, if you and probably unflyable, too, if you shove really light batteries as far aft shove really light batteries as far aft shove really light batteries as far aft as possible. This battery bay is as possible. This battery bay is as possible. This battery bay is perfection and is how every airplane perfection and is how every airplane perfection and is how every airplane should be out of the factory. You should should be out of the factory. You should should be out of the factory. You should not have to chop up a plane or add not have to chop up a plane or add not have to chop up a plane or add weight to get it to fly the way you want weight to get it to fly the way you want weight to get it to fly the way you want it to fly. This is outstanding. [music] it to fly. This is outstanding. [music] it to fly. This is outstanding. [music] Takeoff requires gentle throttle Takeoff requires gentle throttle Takeoff requires gentle throttle application to keep the plane tracking application to keep the plane tracking application to keep the plane tracking straight. straight. straight. Then gently pull the elevator to rotate Then gently pull the elevator to rotate Then gently pull the elevator to rotate into the sky. I always say that you should practice I always say that you should practice I always say that you should practice your landings on the first flight. And your landings on the first flight. And your landings on the first flight. And here I am doing nothing but touchand here I am doing nothing but touchand here I am doing nothing but touchand goes on the maiden flight to live by my goes on the maiden flight to live by my goes on the maiden flight to live by my own advice. own advice. own advice. This is not hard to land. In fact, this This is not hard to land. In fact, this This is not hard to land. In fact, this is one of the easier planes that I've is one of the easier planes that I've is one of the easier planes that I've landed. [screaming] But I say that because I do this all the But I say that because I do this all the But I say that because I do this all the time. This is another plane where I did time. This is another plane where I did time. This is another plane where I did about 40 touchand goes to get a strong about 40 touchand goes to get a strong about 40 touchand goes to get a strong feel for how it flies. I would suggest feel for how it flies. I would suggest feel for how it flies. I would suggest that you resist the urge to haul around that you resist the urge to haul around that you resist the urge to haul around at full speed on the first flight. at full speed on the first flight. at full speed on the first flight. Figure out how it lands by trying it Figure out how it lands by trying it Figure out how it lands by trying it yourself and by watching me fly it to yourself and by watching me fly it to yourself and by watching me fly it to the ground. Spend a battery doing touchand goes for Spend a battery doing touchand goes for Spend a battery doing touchand goes for your maiden flight. The PC21 and your your maiden flight. The PC21 and your your maiden flight. The PC21 and your wallet will thank you for not abusing wallet will thank you for not abusing wallet will thank you for not abusing them. One thing to note, that fiveblade One thing to note, that fiveblade One thing to note, that fiveblade propeller has massive P factor and it propeller has massive P factor and it propeller has massive P factor and it will pull the aircraft to the left if will pull the aircraft to the left if will pull the aircraft to the left if you gun the throttle on takeoff. Make you gun the throttle on takeoff. Make you gun the throttle on takeoff. Make sure the wings are fully flying before sure the wings are fully flying before sure the wings are fully flying before rotating it, even on a touchandgo. There is adequate thrust to do basically There is adequate thrust to do basically There is adequate thrust to do basically anything that you want to do with the anything that you want to do with the anything that you want to do with the VC21. We threw in the Spectrum GPS to VC21. We threw in the Spectrum GPS to VC21. We threw in the Spectrum GPS to test air speeds out and also to compare test air speeds out and also to compare test air speeds out and also to compare between [music] the two-blade 12x12 between [music] the two-blade 12x12 between [music] the two-blade 12x12 propeller option sold separately and propeller option sold separately and propeller option sold separately and five blade stock option. The two-blade five blade stock option. The two-blade five blade stock option. The two-blade prop maxed out at 122 mph for us. And the five blade maxed out at 120 mph. This [music] is our experience. Your air This [music] is our experience. Your air This [music] is our experience. Your air speed may vary. Either option is speed may vary. Either option is speed may vary. Either option is excellent. You'll get slightly higher excellent. You'll get slightly higher excellent. You'll get slightly higher air speed on the two-blade option and air speed on the two-blade option and air speed on the two-blade option and much longer flight times because it much longer flight times because it much longer flight times because it doesn't work the motor or ESC as hard doesn't work the motor or ESC as hard doesn't work the motor or ESC as hard for two blades, but the fiveblade option for two blades, but the fiveblade option for two blades, but the fiveblade option sounds awesome and it feels great in the sounds awesome and it feels great in the sounds awesome and it feels great in the air. I personally prefer five blades and air. I personally prefer five blades and air. I personally prefer five blades and that's what most of the flying on screen that's what most of the flying on screen that's what most of the flying on screen has been so far. The stall speed is has been so far. The stall speed is has been so far. The stall speed is definitely low. I mean, you can even see definitely low. I mean, you can even see definitely low. I mean, you can even see it on screen right now. I tested this by it on screen right now. I tested this by it on screen right now. I tested this by deliberately abusing it by trying to deliberately abusing it by trying to deliberately abusing it by trying to hover it. And it does briefly hover, hover it. And it does briefly hover, hover it. And it does briefly hover, though it won't stay in the hover for though it won't stay in the hover for though it won't stay in the hover for very long. Getting out of a stall or very long. Getting out of a stall or very long. Getting out of a stall or even hovering attempts requires very even hovering attempts requires very even hovering attempts requires very little more than throttling up because little more than throttling up because little more than throttling up because of how overpowered this aircraft is. The PC21 passes with a five out of five The PC21 passes with a five out of five The PC21 passes with a five out of five here. Flight time is our next chapter here. Flight time is our next chapter here. Flight time is our next chapter here. I'm looking for an average of 7 minutes I'm looking for an average of 7 minutes I'm looking for an average of 7 minutes of flight to pass. This isn't easy mode either. I expect 7 This isn't easy mode either. I expect 7 This isn't easy mode either. I expect 7 minutes of spirited flying. The same minutes of spirited flying. The same minutes of spirited flying. The same stuff you've been seeing me do stuff you've been seeing me do stuff you've been seeing me do throughout this video. I can make a throughout this video. I can make a throughout this video. I can make a plane like this fly for 15 minutes doing plane like this fly for 15 minutes doing plane like this fly for 15 minutes doing nothing but slow touchandgo circuits. nothing but slow touchandgo circuits. nothing but slow touchandgo circuits. So, I expect 7 minutes of higher So, I expect 7 minutes of higher So, I expect 7 minutes of higher intensity performance here for it to intensity performance here for it to intensity performance here for it to [music] score well. And the PC21 [music] score well. And the PC21 [music] score well. And the PC21 definitely lives up to this. With definitely lives up to this. With definitely lives up to this. With Spectrum 5000 G2 packs, I averaged 7inut Spectrum 5000 G2 packs, I averaged 7inut Spectrum 5000 G2 packs, I averaged 7inut flights. You can easily stretch that to flights. You can easily stretch that to flights. You can easily stretch that to much longer if you fly less much longer if you fly less much longer if you fly less aggressively, but that's not my style. aggressively, but that's not my style. aggressively, but that's not my style. Fortunately, this means that most people Fortunately, this means that most people Fortunately, this means that most people will find long flight times with the will find long flight times with the will find long flight times with the PC21 because if it hits seven minutes PC21 because if it hits seven minutes PC21 because if it hits seven minutes doing everything I like to do and what doing everything I like to do and what doing everything I like to do and what you've seen so far, it'll hit at least you've seen so far, it'll hit at least you've seen so far, it'll hit at least 10 minutes for most pilots. The PC21 10 minutes for most pilots. The PC21 10 minutes for most pilots. The PC21 passes with a five out of five here. Our next chapter is landing gear. In Our next chapter is landing gear. In Our next chapter is landing gear. In this section, I'm looking for quiet this section, I'm looking for quiet this section, I'm looking for quiet wheels. because nothing ruins a great landing because nothing ruins a great landing because nothing ruins a great landing like boisterous wheels that sound like a like boisterous wheels that sound like a like boisterous wheels that sound like a dumpster rolling down five flights of dumpster rolling down five flights of dumpster rolling down five flights of stairs. stairs. stairs. I also check for whether the wheels are I also check for whether the wheels are I also check for whether the wheels are hard because stiff wheels don't absorb hard because stiff wheels don't absorb hard because stiff wheels don't absorb shock. They transfer the force of shock. They transfer the force of shock. They transfer the force of landing directly to the foam mounting landing directly to the foam mounting landing directly to the foam mounting points and can eventually damage the points and can eventually damage the points and can eventually damage the foam the retracts are mounted in to the foam the retracts are mounted in to the foam the retracts are mounted in to the point of needing reinforcement, point of needing reinforcement, point of needing reinforcement, especially for grass pilots. I also look especially for grass pilots. I also look especially for grass pilots. I also look at whether the gear are attached to at whether the gear are attached to at whether the gear are attached to suspension to dampen impact and whether suspension to dampen impact and whether suspension to dampen impact and whether the gear cause bouncing and whether the the gear cause bouncing and whether the the gear cause bouncing and whether the gear are lowmaintenance. Now the wheels are reasonably quiet Now the wheels are reasonably quiet Now the wheels are reasonably quiet despite being relatively stiff. They roll well on pavement. We did They roll well on pavement. We did They roll well on pavement. We did exactly one takeoff on grass and I exactly one takeoff on grass and I exactly one takeoff on grass and I wouldn't recommend flying this off wouldn't recommend flying this off wouldn't recommend flying this off grass. Unless you have very very short grass Unless you have very very short grass Unless you have very very short grass with completely rolled terrain under it, with completely rolled terrain under it, with completely rolled terrain under it, any bumps can lead to a prop strike. any bumps can lead to a prop strike. any bumps can lead to a prop strike. Unlike the other PC21 on the market, Unlike the other PC21 on the market, Unlike the other PC21 on the market, this one has functioning suspension that this one has functioning suspension that this one has functioning suspension that isn't fake plastic bits to make it look isn't fake plastic bits to make it look isn't fake plastic bits to make it look like it works. It does work and it works like it works. It does work and it works like it works. It does work and it works quite well. If you spend time learning quite well. If you spend time learning quite well. If you spend time learning to land it though, you won't need the to land it though, you won't need the to land it though, you won't need the suspension too much because you'll find suspension too much because you'll find suspension too much because you'll find that it's easy to set down on the wheels that it's easy to set down on the wheels that it's easy to set down on the wheels with just a little bit of practice. with just a little bit of practice. with just a little bit of practice. Still, suspension is nice to have. The Still, suspension is nice to have. The Still, suspension is nice to have. The gear don't cause any bouncing that I can gear don't cause any bouncing that I can gear don't cause any bouncing that I can see, and the gear requires low see, and the gear requires low see, and the gear requires low maintenance. It operates every time you maintenance. It operates every time you maintenance. It operates every time you tell it to, and it drops quickly. The tell it to, and it drops quickly. The tell it to, and it drops quickly. The PC21 passes here with a four out of PC21 passes here with a four out of PC21 passes here with a four out of five. Moving on, let's cover fit and finish. Moving on, let's cover fit and finish. Moving on, let's cover fit and finish. Here, we're looking for paint instead of Here, we're looking for paint instead of Here, we're looking for paint instead of bare foam, foam that looks good and bare foam, foam that looks good and bare foam, foam that looks good and isn't weird out of the box, plastic or isn't weird out of the box, plastic or isn't weird out of the box, plastic or gapless hinges instead of foam hinges, gapless hinges instead of foam hinges, gapless hinges instead of foam hinges, decals instead of paper stickers, and decals instead of paper stickers, and decals instead of paper stickers, and whether the battery receives air flow to whether the battery receives air flow to whether the battery receives air flow to maintain cooling in flight. The PC21 is maintain cooling in flight. The PC21 is maintain cooling in flight. The PC21 is very clearly painted across the entire very clearly painted across the entire very clearly painted across the entire aircraft. Horizon has it painted in a aircraft. Horizon has it painted in a aircraft. Horizon has it painted in a semig gloss scheme that looks fantastic semig gloss scheme that looks fantastic semig gloss scheme that looks fantastic in the sky. It reflects the sun like a in the sky. It reflects the sun like a in the sky. It reflects the sun like a Balsa model does, although not as Balsa model does, although not as Balsa model does, although not as intensely. If you've ever been blinded intensely. If you've ever been blinded intensely. If you've ever been blinded by a Balsa aircraft reflecting the sun by a Balsa aircraft reflecting the sun by a Balsa aircraft reflecting the sun at you, you'll appreciate the semig at you, you'll appreciate the semig at you, you'll appreciate the semig gloss coating. gloss coating. gloss coating. The foam was great out of the box, The foam was great out of the box, The foam was great out of the box, despite this being a test unit that despite this being a test unit that despite this being a test unit that Horizon sent over. If you get one, yours Horizon sent over. If you get one, yours Horizon sent over. If you get one, yours will likely look even better, as ours will likely look even better, as ours will likely look even better, as ours was pre-flown and had some small areas was pre-flown and had some small areas was pre-flown and had some small areas of wear on it. The hinges all appear to of wear on it. The hinges all appear to of wear on it. The hinges all appear to be CA style hinges. The flaps are also be CA style hinges. The flaps are also be CA style hinges. The flaps are also slotted, which is fantastic for slow slotted, which is fantastic for slow slotted, which is fantastic for slow speed flight. It features lowprofile speed flight. It features lowprofile speed flight. It features lowprofile decals instead of stickers, and the decals instead of stickers, and the decals instead of stickers, and the battery gets a ton of air flow through battery gets a ton of air flow through battery gets a ton of air flow through the snoot, which then exits through a the snoot, which then exits through a the snoot, which then exits through a cleverly disguised vent on the side of cleverly disguised vent on the side of cleverly disguised vent on the side of the aircraft. No huge holes in the the aircraft. No huge holes in the the aircraft. No huge holes in the fuselage to be found here. They've fuselage to be found here. They've fuselage to be found here. They've designed this so that it looks natural, designed this so that it looks natural, designed this so that it looks natural, and that's awesome. and that's awesome. and that's awesome. The PC21 passes with a five out of five. Here's a quick note on the assembly. You Here's a quick note on the assembly. You Here's a quick note on the assembly. You can fit the wing tube in the fuselage can fit the wing tube in the fuselage can fit the wing tube in the fuselage for easy transportation. And the canopy for easy transportation. And the canopy for easy transportation. And the canopy and where the canopy mounts to on the and where the canopy mounts to on the and where the canopy mounts to on the fuselage are both lined in plastic so fuselage are both lined in plastic so fuselage are both lined in plastic so that it will never get dinged up over that it will never get dinged up over that it will never get dinged up over time. And putting it together at the time. And putting it together at the time. And putting it together at the field is not hard. It just takes a field is not hard. It just takes a field is not hard. It just takes a little bit of time to screw in the four little bit of time to screw in the four little bit of time to screw in the four wing screws. It uses 2 mm hex screws and wing screws. It uses 2 mm hex screws and wing screws. It uses 2 mm hex screws and it has quick connects on the wings. It it has quick connects on the wings. It it has quick connects on the wings. It should assemble in about 1 minute at the should assemble in about 1 minute at the should assemble in about 1 minute at the field. I still wish that it had push field. I still wish that it had push field. I still wish that it had push connectors instead of screws, though. Our last check through the PC21 looks at Our last check through the PC21 looks at Our last check through the PC21 looks at the installed avionics and lighting the installed avionics and lighting the installed avionics and lighting package. package. package. We're looking for servos that are fast, We're looking for servos that are fast, We're looking for servos that are fast, precise, and metal. Additionally, the precise, and metal. Additionally, the precise, and metal. Additionally, the ESC should have zero issues with ESC should have zero issues with ESC should have zero issues with overheating. It should contain lighting overheating. It should contain lighting overheating. It should contain lighting and the servo should be easily and the servo should be easily and the servo should be easily replaceable with servo boxes instead of replaceable with servo boxes instead of replaceable with servo boxes instead of having them glued in place. The motor having them glued in place. The motor having them glued in place. The motor mount should also be welldesigned so mount should also be welldesigned so mount should also be welldesigned so that it doesn't break easily from that it doesn't break easily from that it doesn't break easily from maneuvering or from accidental mishaps. maneuvering or from accidental mishaps. maneuvering or from accidental mishaps. So, starting off, it ships with So, starting off, it ships with So, starting off, it ships with high-speed, precise, and metal servos. high-speed, precise, and metal servos. high-speed, precise, and metal servos. The ESC showed zero signs of The ESC showed zero signs of The ESC showed zero signs of overheating. The 100 amp AVN ESC has overheating. The 100 amp AVN ESC has overheating. The 100 amp AVN ESC has plenty of thermal and amp overhead to plenty of thermal and amp overhead to plenty of thermal and amp overhead to handle this airframe. handle this airframe. handle this airframe. >> [screaming] >> [screaming] >> [screaming] >> It features a tail light, landing light >> It features a tail light, landing light >> It features a tail light, landing light on the nose wheel strut, and two nav on the nose wheel strut, and two nav on the nose wheel strut, and two nav lights on the wing tips. I wish they lights on the wing tips. I wish they lights on the wing tips. I wish they were brighter, but I'm happy that they were brighter, but I'm happy that they were brighter, but I'm happy that they exist. The servos exist in servo pockets exist. The servos exist in servo pockets exist. The servos exist in servo pockets and can be easily replaced by unscrewing and can be easily replaced by unscrewing and can be easily replaced by unscrewing the doors and installing new servos if the doors and installing new servos if the doors and installing new servos if needed. needed. needed. The motor mount is also very The motor mount is also very The motor mount is also very welldesigned and is beefy enough to welldesigned and is beefy enough to welldesigned and is beefy enough to handle this motor with zero problems. It handle this motor with zero problems. It handle this motor with zero problems. It also physically appears to be identical also physically appears to be identical also physically appears to be identical to the V1200 motor in dimensions. So, if to the V1200 motor in dimensions. So, if to the V1200 motor in dimensions. So, if one were to try it, one could install one were to try it, one could install one were to try it, one could install the V1200 motor on this and see just how the V1200 motor on this and see just how the V1200 motor on this and see just how fast it can really go. The PC21 passes with a five out of five The PC21 passes with a five out of five The PC21 passes with a five out of five here. Before we cover the overall score, let's Before we cover the overall score, let's Before we cover the overall score, let's showcase what gyro gains you can use if showcase what gyro gains you can use if showcase what gyro gains you can use if you want a more advanced setup. These you want a more advanced setup. These you want a more advanced setup. These gains are throttle-based and should not gains are throttle-based and should not gains are throttle-based and should not be used as fixed gains, nor should you be used as fixed gains, nor should you be used as fixed gains, nor should you feel pressured to use these. feel pressured to use these. feel pressured to use these. Reference the NX radio tutorial linked Reference the NX radio tutorial linked Reference the NX radio tutorial linked below in the description for more below in the description for more below in the description for more information on what throttle curve to information on what throttle curve to information on what throttle curve to use. Note also that you can run the nose use. Note also that you can run the nose use. Note also that you can run the nose wheel to the throttle port and put the wheel to the throttle port and put the wheel to the throttle port and put the throttle and the bind port to get a free throttle and the bind port to get a free throttle and the bind port to get a free seventh channel following our 10 mods seventh channel following our 10 mods seventh channel following our 10 mods video linked below. This way you can video linked below. This way you can video linked below. This way you can stabilize the nose wheel so it tracks stabilize the nose wheel so it tracks stabilize the nose wheel so it tracks perfectly straight on takeoff and turn perfectly straight on takeoff and turn perfectly straight on takeoff and turn it off when the gear aren't extended. it off when the gear aren't extended. it off when the gear aren't extended. You can also fine-tune the nose wheel You can also fine-tune the nose wheel You can also fine-tune the nose wheel trim using a trim switch on your radio. trim using a trim switch on your radio. trim using a trim switch on your radio. If you've got any questions, hop on If you've got any questions, hop on If you've got any questions, hop on Discord via discord.gg/tubrosc GG/2bros Discord via discord.gg/tubrosc GG/2bros Discord via discord.gg/tubrosc GG/2bros RC and you can pick up the pre-dawn TBRC RC and you can pick up the pre-dawn TBRC RC and you can pick up the pre-dawn TBRC setup file for this aircraft on Discord setup file for this aircraft on Discord setup file for this aircraft on Discord after becoming a channel member, too. after becoming a channel member, too. after becoming a channel member, too. Overall, the PC21 scores a 24 out of 25. Overall, the PC21 scores a 24 out of 25. Overall, the PC21 scores a 24 out of 25. This is a fantastic score and is only This is a fantastic score and is only This is a fantastic score and is only held back slightly by the quality of the held back slightly by the quality of the held back slightly by the quality of the wheels. wheels. wheels. If those wheels were soft rubber or foam If those wheels were soft rubber or foam If those wheels were soft rubber or foam like we've seen with previous Horizon like we've seen with previous Horizon like we've seen with previous Horizon releases, it would have been absolutely releases, it would have been absolutely releases, it would have been absolutely perfect. I also would like to see LED perfect. I also would like to see LED perfect. I also would like to see LED lighting get brighter, too, but as I lighting get brighter, too, but as I lighting get brighter, too, but as I said, I'm happy it exists at all. Not said, I'm happy it exists at all. Not said, I'm happy it exists at all. Not every airframe in this class comes with every airframe in this class comes with every airframe in this class comes with lights, but they should. If you like lights, but they should. If you like lights, but they should. If you like this bird and you want to support what this bird and you want to support what this bird and you want to support what we do here at Two Brothers RC, you can we do here at Two Brothers RC, you can we do here at Two Brothers RC, you can click the link in the description below click the link in the description below click the link in the description below to pick one up for yourself, which to pick one up for yourself, which to pick one up for yourself, which provides a small commission to us at no provides a small commission to us at no provides a small commission to us at no additional charge to you. Even if you additional charge to you. Even if you additional charge to you. Even if you choose not to do that, I hope this info choose not to do that, I hope this info choose not to do that, I hope this info has been useful for you, and we'd love has been useful for you, and we'd love has been useful for you, and we'd love to hear what you think in the comments to hear what you think in the comments to hear what you think in the comments below. Speaking of support, huge thanks below. Speaking of support, huge thanks below. Speaking of support, huge thanks goes out to our channel members on goes out to our channel members on goes out to our channel members on tubersrc.com/suporters. tubersrc.com/suporters. tubersrc.com/suporters. A very special thanks goes out to our A very special thanks goes out to our A very special thanks goes out to our mega fans, Sarasota RC Squadron, Michael mega fans, Sarasota RC Squadron, Michael mega fans, Sarasota RC Squadron, Michael Smith, Jr. Man, Todd N411X, Jeff Baker, Smith, Jr. Man, Todd N411X, Jeff Baker, Smith, Jr. Man, Todd N411X, Jeff Baker, High Alpha Guto, Poly 1717, and Scotty High Alpha Guto, Poly 1717, and Scotty High Alpha Guto, Poly 1717, and Scotty Doesn't Know, along with our Ultra fans, Doesn't Know, along with our Ultra fans, Doesn't Know, along with our Ultra fans, TBRC Fan and FS Radio Control. You guys TBRC Fan and FS Radio Control. You guys TBRC Fan and FS Radio Control. You guys kick so much ass. Be sure to swing by kick so much ass. Be sure to swing by kick so much ass. Be sure to swing by tubrosrc.com and pick up some of your tubrosrc.com and pick up some of your tubrosrc.com and pick up some of your favorite TBRC merch. Coming up soon will be the Flywing Coming up soon will be the Flywing Coming up soon will be the Flywing X-Wing. We finally got it and it's X-Wing. We finally got it and it's X-Wing. We finally got it and it's awesome for chasing other pilots around, awesome for chasing other pilots around, awesome for chasing other pilots around, but also for just relaxing and enjoying but also for just relaxing and enjoying but also for just relaxing and enjoying the view from the sky. See you guys in a the view from the sky. See you guys in a the view from the sky. See you guys in a week. But before we go, here's two uncut But before we go, here's two uncut But before we go, here's two uncut flights so you can get an idea of how it flights so you can get an idea of how it flights so you can get an idea of how it performs with zero edits. for us. for us. for us. >> Nope. >> Nope. >> Nope. Doesn't like to be flat. I think it went very high out, but let's I think it went very high out, but let's I think it went very high out, but let's try it. try it. try it. >> It looked like it was. Feel weird. weird. weird. I'm trying to We'll get lower with it when it the wind We'll get lower with it when it the wind We'll get lower with it when it the wind calms down. calms down. calms down. It's feeling wobbly enough that I don't It's feeling wobbly enough that I don't It's feeling wobbly enough that I don't trust it. Get it lower. Get it lower. Get it lower. >> Lower. One more time. I think we got a good Have a good evening. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> My