It's big. It's red. It's new. And it's
awesome.
Hey there, I'm John. This is Two
Brothers RC. And this
is the E-Flight Pilates PC21 1.3 meter.
Horizon Hobby sent this over to me to
demo for you and run it through the
review system to see how it ranks up. It
handles well, it's unique, and it's got
some serious presence to it in the sky.
So, let's dive into it and see how it
stacks up to the no patent pending two
brothers review system. Let's start by
giving you my actual opinion of the
PC21. First, it is drop deadad gorgeous.
Horizon has been continually upping the
bar for each release. This one improves
in both foam and paint quality, but
takes a bit of a step backward in my
opinion with the assembly process by
using screws instead of push button
connectors. I may have gotten spoiled by
the Cendo 2 meter and its assembly.
The way that thing easily bolts together
with zero tools should be an industry
standard. I'm less bothered by how
something is assembled if it flies well,
though, and this PC21 certainly does.
But enough of my opinion. How does it
stack up? Let's find out using the
metrics designed for general aviation
birds with a wingspan of 1.5 m or
larger. Yes, that is how well this holds
up despite being smaller than the review
scale we're using.
Starting off, we look at the PC21's
maneuverability, and it's very
impressive so far, but we're looking for
five different things, not how cool the
flips and spins look.
Number one is whether it can be flown
with a neutrally balanced center of
gravity. Number two is if it takes off
and lands without being a hassle. Number
three is if it has enough thrust to
actually do anything fun.
Number four is what the stall speed is
like at 1g. And number five is whether
recovery from stalls is easy. First up
on the checklist, it is very possible to
fly it on a neutral center of gravity.
It's also possible to make it tailheavy
and probably unflyable, too, if you
shove really light batteries as far aft
as possible. This battery bay is
perfection and is how every airplane
should be out of the factory. You should
not have to chop up a plane or add
weight to get it to fly the way you want
it to fly. This is outstanding. [music]
Takeoff requires gentle throttle
application to keep the plane tracking
straight.
Then gently pull the elevator to rotate
into the sky.
I always say that you should practice
your landings on the first flight. And
here I am doing nothing but touchand
goes on the maiden flight to live by my
own advice.
This is not hard to land. In fact, this
is one of the easier planes that I've
landed. [screaming]
But I say that because I do this all the
time. This is another plane where I did
about 40 touchand goes to get a strong
feel for how it flies. I would suggest
that you resist the urge to haul around
at full speed on the first flight.
Figure out how it lands by trying it
yourself and by watching me fly it to
the ground.
Spend a battery doing touchand goes for
your maiden flight. The PC21 and your
wallet will thank you for not abusing
them.
One thing to note, that fiveblade
propeller has massive P factor and it
will pull the aircraft to the left if
you gun the throttle on takeoff. Make
sure the wings are fully flying before
rotating it, even on a touchandgo.
There is adequate thrust to do basically
anything that you want to do with the
VC21. We threw in the Spectrum GPS to
test air speeds out and also to compare
between [music] the two-blade 12x12
propeller option sold separately and
five blade stock option. The two-blade
prop maxed out at 122 mph for us.
And the five blade maxed out at 120 mph.
This [music] is our experience. Your air
speed may vary. Either option is
excellent. You'll get slightly higher
air speed on the two-blade option and
much longer flight times because it
doesn't work the motor or ESC as hard
for two blades, but the fiveblade option
sounds awesome and it feels great in the
air. I personally prefer five blades and
that's what most of the flying on screen
has been so far. The stall speed is
definitely low. I mean, you can even see
it on screen right now. I tested this by
deliberately abusing it by trying to
hover it. And it does briefly hover,
though it won't stay in the hover for
very long. Getting out of a stall or
even hovering attempts requires very
little more than throttling up because
of how overpowered this aircraft is.
The PC21 passes with a five out of five
here.
Flight time is our next chapter here.
I'm looking for an average of 7 minutes
of flight to pass.
This isn't easy mode either. I expect 7
minutes of spirited flying. The same
stuff you've been seeing me do
throughout this video. I can make a
plane like this fly for 15 minutes doing
nothing but slow touchandgo circuits.
So, I expect 7 minutes of higher
intensity performance here for it to
[music] score well. And the PC21
definitely lives up to this. With
Spectrum 5000 G2 packs, I averaged 7inut
flights. You can easily stretch that to
much longer if you fly less
aggressively, but that's not my style.
Fortunately, this means that most people
will find long flight times with the
PC21 because if it hits seven minutes
doing everything I like to do and what
you've seen so far, it'll hit at least
10 minutes for most pilots. The PC21
passes with a five out of five here.
Our next chapter is landing gear. In
this section, I'm looking for quiet
wheels.
because nothing ruins a great landing
like boisterous wheels that sound like a
dumpster rolling down five flights of
stairs.
I also check for whether the wheels are
hard because stiff wheels don't absorb
shock. They transfer the force of
landing directly to the foam mounting
points and can eventually damage the
foam the retracts are mounted in to the
point of needing reinforcement,
especially for grass pilots. I also look
at whether the gear are attached to
suspension to dampen impact and whether
the gear cause bouncing and whether the
gear are lowmaintenance.
Now the wheels are reasonably quiet
despite being relatively stiff.
They roll well on pavement. We did
exactly one takeoff on grass and I
wouldn't recommend flying this off
grass.
Unless you have very very short grass
with completely rolled terrain under it,
any bumps can lead to a prop strike.
Unlike the other PC21 on the market,
this one has functioning suspension that
isn't fake plastic bits to make it look
like it works. It does work and it works
quite well. If you spend time learning
to land it though, you won't need the
suspension too much because you'll find
that it's easy to set down on the wheels
with just a little bit of practice.
Still, suspension is nice to have. The
gear don't cause any bouncing that I can
see, and the gear requires low
maintenance. It operates every time you
tell it to, and it drops quickly. The
PC21 passes here with a four out of
five.
Moving on, let's cover fit and finish.
Here, we're looking for paint instead of
bare foam, foam that looks good and
isn't weird out of the box, plastic or
gapless hinges instead of foam hinges,
decals instead of paper stickers, and
whether the battery receives air flow to
maintain cooling in flight. The PC21 is
very clearly painted across the entire
aircraft. Horizon has it painted in a
semig gloss scheme that looks fantastic
in the sky. It reflects the sun like a
Balsa model does, although not as
intensely. If you've ever been blinded
by a Balsa aircraft reflecting the sun
at you, you'll appreciate the semig
gloss coating.
The foam was great out of the box,
despite this being a test unit that
Horizon sent over. If you get one, yours
will likely look even better, as ours
was pre-flown and had some small areas
of wear on it. The hinges all appear to
be CA style hinges. The flaps are also
slotted, which is fantastic for slow
speed flight. It features lowprofile
decals instead of stickers, and the
battery gets a ton of air flow through
the snoot, which then exits through a
cleverly disguised vent on the side of
the aircraft. No huge holes in the
fuselage to be found here. They've
designed this so that it looks natural,
and that's awesome.
The PC21 passes with a five out of five.
Here's a quick note on the assembly. You
can fit the wing tube in the fuselage
for easy transportation. And the canopy
and where the canopy mounts to on the
fuselage are both lined in plastic so
that it will never get dinged up over
time. And putting it together at the
field is not hard. It just takes a
little bit of time to screw in the four
wing screws. It uses 2 mm hex screws and
it has quick connects on the wings. It
should assemble in about 1 minute at the
field. I still wish that it had push
connectors instead of screws, though.
Our last check through the PC21 looks at
the installed avionics and lighting
package.
We're looking for servos that are fast,
precise, and metal. Additionally, the
ESC should have zero issues with
overheating. It should contain lighting
and the servo should be easily
replaceable with servo boxes instead of
having them glued in place. The motor
mount should also be welldesigned so
that it doesn't break easily from
maneuvering or from accidental mishaps.
So, starting off, it ships with
high-speed, precise, and metal servos.
The ESC showed zero signs of
overheating. The 100 amp AVN ESC has
plenty of thermal and amp overhead to
handle this airframe.
It features a tail light, landing light
on the nose wheel strut, and two nav
lights on the wing tips. I wish they
were brighter, but I'm happy that they
exist. The servos exist in servo pockets
and can be easily replaced by unscrewing
the doors and installing new servos if
needed.
The motor mount is also very
welldesigned and is beefy enough to
handle this motor with zero problems. It
also physically appears to be identical
to the V1200 motor in dimensions. So, if
one were to try it, one could install
the V1200 motor on this and see just how
fast it can really go.
The PC21 passes with a five out of five
here.
Before we cover the overall score, let's
showcase what gyro gains you can use if
you want a more advanced setup. These
gains are throttle-based and should not
be used as fixed gains, nor should you
feel pressured to use these.
Reference the NX radio tutorial linked
below in the description for more
information on what throttle curve to
use. Note also that you can run the nose
wheel to the throttle port and put the
throttle and the bind port to get a free
seventh channel following our 10 mods
video linked below. This way you can
stabilize the nose wheel so it tracks
perfectly straight on takeoff and turn
it off when the gear aren't extended.
You can also fine-tune the nose wheel
trim using a trim switch on your radio.
If you've got any questions, hop on
Discord via discord.gg/tubrosc GG/2bros
RC and you can pick up the pre-dawn TBRC
setup file for this aircraft on Discord
after becoming a channel member, too.
Overall, the PC21 scores a 24 out of 25.
This is a fantastic score and is only
held back slightly by the quality of the
wheels.
If those wheels were soft rubber or foam
like we've seen with previous Horizon
releases, it would have been absolutely
perfect. I also would like to see LED
lighting get brighter, too, but as I
said, I'm happy it exists at all. Not
every airframe in this class comes with
lights, but they should. If you like
this bird and you want to support what
we do here at Two Brothers RC, you can
click the link in the description below
to pick one up for yourself, which
provides a small commission to us at no
additional charge to you. Even if you
choose not to do that, I hope this info
has been useful for you, and we'd love
to hear what you think in the comments
below. Speaking of support, huge thanks
goes out to our channel members on
tubersrc.com/suporters.
A very special thanks goes out to our
mega fans, Sarasota RC Squadron, Michael
Smith, Jr. Man, Todd N411X, Jeff Baker,
High Alpha Guto, Poly 1717, and Scotty
Doesn't Know, along with our Ultra fans,
TBRC Fan and FS Radio Control. You guys
kick so much ass. Be sure to swing by
tubrosrc.com and pick up some of your
favorite TBRC merch.
Coming up soon will be the Flywing
X-Wing. We finally got it and it's
awesome for chasing other pilots around,
but also for just relaxing and enjoying
the view from the sky. See you guys in a
week.
But before we go, here's two uncut
flights so you can get an idea of how it
performs with zero edits.
for us.
Nope.
Doesn't like to be flat.
I think it went very high out, but let's
try it.
It looked like it was.
Feel
weird.
I'm trying to
We'll get lower with it when it the wind
calms down.
It's feeling wobbly enough that I don't
trust it.
Get it lower.
Lower.
One more time. I think we got a good
Have a good evening.
Heat. Heat.
My
