Hey, what kind of a man keeps my head like a radish, those eyes like Hey, what kind of a man keeps my head like a radish, those eyes like Hey, what kind of a man keeps my head like a radish, those eyes like onions, your stomach like a goose, I beat you every onions, your stomach like a goose, I beat you every onions, your stomach like a goose, I beat you every day, my head is like a sane man, I will day, my head is like a sane man, I will day, my head is like a sane man, I will break your neck, my stomach has become an enemy, it has break your neck, my stomach has become an enemy, it has break your neck, my stomach has become an enemy, it has become an enemy [laughter] become an enemy [laughter] become an enemy [laughter] Come on, tell me, what do you say? Sometimes a man and a Come on, tell me, what do you say? Sometimes a man and a Come on, tell me, what do you say? Sometimes a man and a sheikh are sown, sometimes they become brothers, sometimes they sheikh are sown, sometimes they become brothers, sometimes they sheikh are sown, sometimes they become brothers, sometimes they become enemies again, so become enemies again, so where are we enemies now? Right now, where are we enemies now? Right now, where are we enemies now? Right now, you are my sheikh and I am your man, you are my sheikh and I am your man, you are my sheikh and I am your man, yes, yes, if you go to yes, yes, if you go to yes, yes, if you go to practice fighting, then only then will practice fighting, then only then will practice fighting, then only then will we become enemies, we become enemies, we become enemies, yes, today, I will eat the sev and yes, today, I will eat the sev and yes, today, I will eat the sev and throw everyone away.  [Laughter] throw everyone away.  [Laughter] throw everyone away.  [Laughter] But what power does it have to eat Sev Mamra?  Uncle But what power does it have to eat Sev Mamra?  Uncle But what power does it have to eat Sev Mamra?  Uncle looks powerful. looks powerful. looks powerful. Hey, okay.  He Hey, okay.  He Hey, okay.  He did it badly, my man reminded me, Chanya did it badly, my man reminded me, Chanya did it badly, my man reminded me, Chanya Khan wants to throw everyone away [laughter], I Khan wants to throw everyone away [laughter], I Khan wants to throw everyone away [laughter], I left this, left this, left this, this is the problem, this is the problem, this is the problem, I am a fool, today we have to change the team, my I am a fool, today we have to change the team, my job is job is job is you come to our team and you come to our team and you come to our team and send the teammate to Bakulbhai's team, send the teammate to Bakulbhai's team, send the teammate to Bakulbhai's team, no, no, Mamrabhai, believe me a little, no, no, Mamrabhai, believe me a little, no, no, Mamrabhai, believe me a little, but send Mamrabhai to that team and but send Mamrabhai to that team and but send Mamrabhai to that team and you come to our team too, Mamrabhai is the you come to our team too, Mamrabhai is the you come to our team too, Mamrabhai is the captain, don't believe me, captain, don't believe me, captain, don't believe me, yes, I laugh, then even if the team is like this, yes, yes, if I take it, then yes, I laugh, then even if the team is like this, yes, yes, if I take it, then yes, I laugh, then even if the team is like this, yes, yes, if I take it, then this will happen or not, I will see this will happen or not, I will see this will happen or not, I will see Now, I have to eat rice every day, so I will get strength, Now, I have to eat rice every day, so I will get strength, Now, I have to eat rice every day, so I will get strength, all those people will see it and I will see a goat, then the all those people will see it and I will see a goat, then the all those people will see it and I will see a goat, then the innocent grandfather will laugh and say, " innocent grandfather will laugh and say, " innocent grandfather will laugh and say, " Hey, this is me, that's Sana, Hey, this is me, that's Sana, Hey, this is me, that's Sana, Sana, I am the job, father, Sana, I am the job, father, Sana, I am the job, father, you said to boil Sana, oh father you said to boil Sana, oh father you said to boil Sana, oh father Otherwise, you didn't say to boil Sana, you said to boil Chana, you said to Otherwise, you didn't say to boil Sana, you said to boil Chana, you said to Otherwise, you didn't say to boil Sana, you said to boil Chana, you said to boil Chhana.  You didn't say anything, boil Chhana.  You didn't say anything, boil Chhana.  You didn't say anything, you only said to boil the ghee, you only said to boil the ghee, you only said to boil the ghee, but I had eaten the gram, so you must have but I had eaten the gram, so you must have but I had eaten the gram, so you must have understood that. understood that. understood that. Hey, tell me, you said to boil the gram, Hey, tell me, you said to boil the gram, but what's the use of boiling the gram? Tell but what's the use of boiling the gram? Tell but what's the use of boiling the gram? Tell me, you have to eat boiled gram, believe me, even if you do me, you have to eat boiled gram, believe me, even if you do n't eat the gram, n't eat the gram, n't eat the gram, start practicing tying. The more you start practicing tying. The more you start practicing tying. The more you practice, the more we benefit, practice, the more we benefit, yes, I laugh, then yes, I laugh, then yes, I laugh, then first you beat me, you will beat me slowly like this, you will beat me slowly like this, you will beat me slowly like this, yes [laughter] yes [laughter] yes [laughter] Father [shouting] Father [shouting] Father [shouting] Oh father, I will also beat your ghee, I did Oh father, I will also beat your ghee, I did Oh father, I will also beat your ghee, I did n't beat you, Mamrabhai beat you, n't beat you, Mamrabhai beat you, so so so maybe Mamrabhai came in front of you, I will maybe Mamrabhai came in front of you, I will maybe Mamrabhai came in front of you, I will beat you a little slowly, beat you a little slowly, beat you a little slowly, yes, I laugh, now you beat me, oh father, yes, I laugh, now you beat me, oh father, yes, I laugh, now you beat me, oh father, why did I beat you with a stretch, I did why did I beat you with a stretch, I did why did I beat you with a stretch, I did n't beat you, I ate the ghee, I beat you n't beat you, I ate the ghee, I beat you n't beat you, I ate the ghee, I beat you [laughter] I'm lost, [laughter] I'm lost, [laughter] I'm lost, oh father, oh father, I beat oh father, oh father, I beat oh father, oh father, I beat you you you Father [shouting] Father [shouting] Father [shouting] Bakula beat me, Bakula beat me, Bakula beat me, father, oh father, father, oh father, father, oh father, Mamrabhai beat you again, Mamrabhai beat you again, Mamrabhai beat you again, this Bakula brother has come, this Bakula brother has come, this Bakula brother has come, I have reached the limit, I have reached the limit, I have reached the limit, why do you know that yesterday Samakbhai beat you why do you know that yesterday Samakbhai beat you why do you know that yesterday Samakbhai beat you .  Now, Samakbhai's drum sounds so little that it .  Now, Samakbhai's drum sounds so little that it .  Now, Samakbhai's drum sounds so little that it hurts his teeth, but if he plays the drum, it will hurt hurts his teeth, but if he plays the drum, it will hurt hurts his teeth, but if he plays the drum, it will hurt him. him. him. [Laughter] Laughter. [Laughter] Laughter. [Laughter] Laughter. What if Bakulbhai, you What if Bakulbhai, you What if Bakulbhai, you told Samakbhai that you don't hurt my teeth, then told Samakbhai that you don't hurt my teeth, then why did Samakbhai play the drum when his teeth hurt? why did Samakbhai play the drum when his teeth hurt? why did Samakbhai play the drum when his teeth hurt? Now, he is left-handed, so he plays the drum with his left hand. Now, he is left-handed, so he plays the drum with his left hand. Samakbhai is not left-handed, he is right-handed.  Yes, Samakbhai is not left-handed, he is right-handed.  Yes, Samakbhai is not left-handed, he is right-handed.  Yes, I said, I said, I said, even if you don't say that, then even if you don't say that, then even if you don't say that, then our team won't lose, then there's our team won't lose, then there's our team won't lose, then there's no need to tell anyone's sore nerve. no need to tell anyone's sore nerve. no need to tell anyone's sore nerve. Now let's leave that matter alone. Let's go practice. If Now let's leave that matter alone. Let's go practice. If Now let's leave that matter alone. Let's go practice. If Samakbhai comes in front of me, then I have to throw him out. Samakbhai comes in front of me, then I have to throw him out. Today, I will send Samakbhai in front of you. If you are a Today, I will send Samakbhai in front of you. If you are a Today, I will send Samakbhai in front of you. If you are a traitor like that, then you will traitor like that, then you will lose. lose. lose. One thing, O father, O father, Samak [laughter] One thing, O father, O father, Samak [laughter] One thing, O father, O father, Samak [laughter] O father, [shouting] O father, father, man [laughter] Oh, grandfather, [laughter] Oh, grandfather, [laughter] Oh, grandfather, Mamarabhai [shouting] O father, O Mamarabhai [shouting] O father, O Mamarabhai [shouting] O father, O father, Bakudo, father, Bakudo, father, Bakudo, O father, O [shouting] Father, I do O father, O [shouting] Father, I do O father, O [shouting] Father, I do n't want to stop practicing. [laughter] So, just a n't want to stop practicing. [laughter] So, just a n't want to stop practicing. [laughter] So, just a little while, you practice tying alone. little while, you practice tying alone. little while, you practice tying alone. Even if you come on time, you will have to Even if you come on time, you will have to pay the fine. [laughter] pay the fine. [laughter] pay the fine. [laughter] Why do Why do Why do you practice alone? you practice alone? you practice alone? We all have to practice a little while, but We all have to practice a little while, but We all have to practice a little while, but we  Fill in the blanks of where you ate something. we  Fill in the blanks of where you ate something. we  Fill in the blanks of where you ate something. Hey uncle, it seems like you have made a plan, if the soaked Hey uncle, it seems like you have made a plan, if the soaked Hey uncle, it seems like you have made a plan, if the soaked sana falls and the sev falls, oh sana falls and the sev falls, oh sana falls and the sev falls, oh [clears throat] Bapa, he [clears throat] Bapa, he [clears throat] Bapa, he said about the hemp baba, you are a said about the hemp baba, you are a said about the hemp baba, you are a wise baba, wise baba, wise baba, but that talk is over now, now but that talk is over now, now but that talk is over now, now I am I am I am not going to talk about me anymore, now I am going to waste it in practice, that loser, hello not going to talk about me anymore, now I am going to waste it in practice, that loser, hello not going to talk about me anymore, now I am going to waste it in practice, that loser, hello Vikambhai, Samakbhai, come and Vikambhai, Samakbhai, come and Vikambhai, Samakbhai, come and say, Ivda, it has been sitting since then, hey say, Ivda, it has been sitting since then, hey say, Ivda, it has been sitting since then, hey Mamrabhai, I applied it, or else I applied Mamrabhai, I applied it, or else I applied Mamrabhai, I applied it, or else I applied turmeric, it will hurt, no, it will hurt, and turmeric, it will hurt, no, it will hurt, and turmeric, it will hurt, no, it will hurt, and then I have to apply turmeric, then I have to apply turmeric, then I have to apply turmeric, this is me, innocent grandfather, if I give you turmeric, if it hurts, then no, yes, this is me, innocent grandfather, if I give you turmeric, if it hurts, then no, yes, say it with a smile [laughter] say it with a smile [laughter] say it with a smile [laughter] Hello, then practice should continue, should I form a new team Hello, then practice should continue, should I form a new team Hello, then practice should continue, should I form a new team or keep this team, or keep this team, or keep this team, new team, I will start work, from where I new team, I will start work, from where I new team, I will start work, from where I stopped practice yesterday, stopped practice yesterday, stopped practice yesterday, this time our team will be on the other side this time our team will be on the other side this time our team will be on the other side .   If you do .   If you do .   If you do n't mind, I'll beat the innocent grandfather a drum n't mind, I'll beat the innocent grandfather a drum n't mind, I'll beat the innocent grandfather a drum .  I have yet to beat the drum.   Hello .  I have yet to beat the drum.   Hello .  I have yet to beat the drum.   Hello brother, hello brother, hello brother, hello Tikambhai, get Tikambhai, get Tikambhai, get ready to eat the drum, ready to eat the drum, ready to eat the drum, father, father, father, father, father, father, I have won, wow, man, wow, why did the drum beat Bhola Dada wow, man, wow, why did the drum beat Bhola Dada wow, man, wow, why did the drum beat Bhola Dada and and and yes, [laughter] yes, [laughter] yes, [laughter] Bhola Dada, you came after eating the drum, so Bhola Dada, you came after eating the drum, so Bhola Dada, you came after eating the drum, so now who will come from your team, now who will come from your team, now who will come from your team, Tikambhai, I am coming, Makulbhai, you will beat me, Tikambhai, I am coming, Makulbhai, you will beat me, yes, I Tikambhai, I will beat you, and if you beat me, yes, I Tikambhai, I will beat you, and if you beat me, then then then my drum [laughter] Why, Why, Why, oh Bakuda, you beat Chikamba, oh Bakuda, you beat Chikamba, oh Bakuda, you beat Chikamba, yes, it happened to yes, it happened to yes, it happened to me, you clapped me, you clapped me, you clapped [laughter] No, no, I beat Chikamba's hand [laughter] No, no, I beat Chikamba's hand [laughter] No, no, I beat Chikamba's hand and Chikamba beat my hand, I did and Chikamba beat my hand, I did and Chikamba beat my hand, I did n't beat him, I clapped n't beat him, I clapped n't beat him, I clapped Bakulbhai, you got one point, Bakulbhai, you got one point, Bakulbhai, you got one point, we got one point.  Sambakbhai defeated me, Bhola we got one point.  Sambakbhai defeated me, Bhola we got one point.  Sambakbhai defeated me, Bhola Dada's man defeated Bhola Dada, and if a Dada's man defeated Bhola Dada, and if a Dada's man defeated Bhola Dada, and if a match is tried between you and Tikambhai, then match is tried between you and Tikambhai, then match is tried between you and Tikambhai, then arrange another round, but this time arrange another round, but this time arrange another round, but this time not with a drum, but with a single blow. not with a drum, but with a single blow. not with a drum, but with a single blow. Which one of you will come out on top?   If Which one of you will come out on top?   If Which one of you will come out on top?   If I come, I come, I come, Bakuda will let me go. Bakuda will let me go. Bakuda will let me go. Go away, Go away, Go away, you have come back to oppose me. you have come back to oppose me. you have come back to oppose me. Yes [screams] Yes [screams] Yes [screams] so get ready to get [ __ ].  Hey so get ready to get [ __ ].  Hey so get ready to get [ __ ].  Hey where did the snow fall? [Screaming] Oh father [Laughter] where did the snow fall? [Screaming] Oh father [Laughter] where did the snow fall? [Screaming] Oh father [Laughter] Look, you cheated and pushed me. Look, you cheated and pushed me. Look, you cheated and pushed me. Why did you cheat and push me? Yes, you cheated and Why did you cheat and push me? Yes, you cheated and Why did you cheat and push me? Yes, you cheated and your money fell. [ your money fell. [ your money fell. [ Screaming] Do that. You cheated me. Screaming] Do that. You cheated me. I [Laughter] Laughter. When did your money fall? I [Laughter] Laughter. When did your money fall? I [Laughter] Laughter. When did your money fall? Take it. Take it. Take it. You take it. You take it. You take it. I don't see the money. So you cheated me. I don't see the money. So you cheated me. I don't see the money. So you cheated me. [Laughter] Now I cheated [Laughter] Now I cheated [Laughter] Now I cheated you. Go away. Oh father. Oh father. Oh father. Oh father. Oh father. Oh father. Oh father. you. Go away. Oh father. Oh father. Oh father. Oh father. Oh father. Oh father. Oh father. Oh father. Oh father. Oh father. Oh father. You left. Oh father. Even if you cheated me, Oh father. You left. Oh father. Even if you cheated me, Oh father. You left. Oh father. Even if you cheated me, I went to work on that team. So you cheated and pushed I went to work on that team. So you cheated and pushed I went to work on that team. So you cheated and pushed me. So that's why you me. So that's why you me. So that's why you left. No left. No left. No problem. I'll take revenge now. Just problem. I'll take revenge now. Just say it's okay. Who will come from your team? say it's okay. Who will come from your team? say it's okay. Who will come from your team? I'm coming. I'm coming. I'm coming. I'm coming from our team. I'm coming from our team. I'm coming from our team. Bakulbhai, you agree. Send the brother.  You Bakulbhai, you agree. Send the brother.  You Bakulbhai, you agree. Send the brother.  You go, no go, no go, no problem, Tikambhai. The barrier is going to be closed.  Right now, Tikambhai. The barrier is going to be closed.  Right now, Tikambhai. The barrier is going to be closed.  Right now, Mamrabhai will give Bakulbhai a push and he will make a Mamrabhai will give Bakulbhai a push and he will make a Mamrabhai will give Bakulbhai a push and he will make a pile.  Yes, the pile.  Yes, the pile.  Yes, the clouds are about to gather. Now Bakudo will push me clouds are about to gather. Now Bakudo will push me clouds are about to gather. Now Bakudo will push me and it will knock out Mamrabhai's teeth. and it will knock out Mamrabhai's teeth. and it will knock out Mamrabhai's teeth. Yes, [laughter] Yes, [laughter] Yes, [laughter] Hey Bakulbhai, you will push me. Hey Bakulbhai, you will push me. Hey Bakulbhai, you will push me. Yes, I will push you and you push me. Yes, I will push you and you push me. Yes, I will push you and you push me. No problem. I, Mamrabhai, you and I thought that if you push I, Mamrabhai, you and I thought that if you push I, Mamrabhai, you and I thought that if you push Bakulbhai, Bakulbhai will be in a heap. You have pushed me. Bakulbhai, Bakulbhai will be in a heap. You have pushed me. Where did you push me? You must have met Bakulbhai and Where did you push me? You must have met Bakulbhai and Where did you push me? You must have met Bakulbhai and came back. It felt like that. No, came back. It felt like that. No, came back. It felt like that. No, Bakulbhai pushed me in my hand. Bakulbhai pushed me in my hand. Bakulbhai pushed me in my hand. I pushed Bakulbhai in his hand. So I pushed Bakulbhai in his hand. So who is coming from your team? who is coming from your team? who is coming from your team? Tikambhai comes from our team.  I don't mind if Tikambhai comes from our team.  I don't mind if Tikambhai comes from our team.  I don't mind if a peer from our team comes, a peer from our team comes, a peer from our team comes, go, Tikambhai, let's have tea, have tea, have tea, okay? [laughter] You push me in my direction okay? [laughter] You push me in my direction okay? [laughter] You push me in my direction and I push you in my direction. I don't mind and I push you in my direction. I don't mind Why did Sam push me? There was no sound. Why did Sam push me? There was no sound. Why did Sam push me? There was no sound. Even if there was no sound, Tikambhai felt the push. Even if there was no sound, Tikambhai felt the push. Even if there was no sound, Tikambhai felt the push. If you say so, who wins and who loses in this? It's not the same. The If you say so, who wins and who loses in this? It's not the same. The second round is over. Who won? second round is over. Who won? second round is over. Who won? We won that. We won that. We won that. You are ours, we won. You are ours, we won. You are ours, we won. You didn't win it, and we didn't win it either. You didn't win it, and we didn't win it either. You didn't win it, and we didn't win it either. Hey, we'll have to hold one more round. Hey, we'll have to hold one more round. Hey, we'll have to hold one more round. So this time, one by one, beat the drum or the drumstick So this time, one by one, beat the drum or the drumstick So this time, one by one, beat the drum or the drumstick .   If there's .   If there's .   If there's any problem, go ahead and any problem, go ahead and any problem, go ahead and bring a trick, Samakbhai. [Laughter] bring a trick, Samakbhai. [Laughter] bring a trick, Samakbhai. [Laughter] You see, this time we'll win right away.  If you go, You see, this time we'll win right away.  If you go, You see, this time we'll win right away.  If you go, Tikambhai, if you are being deceived, then what's the Tikambhai, if you are being deceived, then what's the Tikambhai, if you are being deceived, then what's the problem, Mamrabhai, don't be shy this time, deceive that, problem, Mamrabhai, don't be shy this time, deceive that, Chamkbhai, come and take a rag, Chamkbhai, come and take a rag, Chamkbhai, come and take a rag, but I will ask for work, but I will ask for work, but I will ask for work, you will find out now, you deceiver, you will find out now, you deceiver, you will find out now, you deceiver, I have asked for so many jobs, is that I have asked for so many jobs, is that I have asked for so many jobs, is that deception strong or not, you will have to know, don't be afraid of deception strong or not, you will have to know, don't be afraid of deception strong or not, you will have to know, don't be afraid of that deception, that deception, that deception, yes, yes, yes, I will deceive you, which one will hurt I will deceive you, which one will hurt I will deceive you, which one will hurt more, and who will win? [laughter] Oh more, and who will win? [laughter] Oh more, and who will win? [laughter] Oh father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, which one will hurt more, which one will hurt more, which one will hurt more, all those deceptions have been made, so what's the all those deceptions have been made, so what's the all those deceptions have been made, so what's the problem, this time I will go first, problem, this time I will go first, problem, this time I will go first, that loser, that loser, that loser, I am coming, then I am I am coming, then I am I am coming, then I am coming, Mamrabhai, coming, Mamrabhai, coming, Mamrabhai, I will go in front of Bakulbhai, you will find out now, if you are being deceived, you will find out now I will go in front of Bakulbhai, you will find out now, if you are being deceived, you will find out now .  [Laughter] So, are .  [Laughter] So, are .  [Laughter] So, are you going to beat me or should I beat you you going to beat me or should I beat you you going to beat me or should I beat you ? ? ? You beat me up. You beat me up. You beat me up. Oh father, oh father [screaming] Oh father, oh father [screaming] Oh father, oh father [screaming] Now you beat me.  That's Haru Now you beat me.  That's Haru Now you beat me.  That's Haru Hey Hey Hey hey what happened to me?  When I hit Bakulbhai's hey what happened to me?  When I hit Bakulbhai's hey what happened to me?  When I hit Bakulbhai's head, a thud sounded head, a thud sounded head, a thud sounded . . . Hey, Bakulbhai must have built something in Waha. Hey, Bakulbhai must have built something in Waha. Hey, uncle, Hey, uncle, Hey, uncle, who will come from your team now? who will come from your team now? who will come from your team now? I'll I'll I'll tie a rope for you tie a rope for you tie a rope for you Now you won't be fooled, you Now you won't be fooled, you Now you won't be fooled, you loser, loser, loser, look, Bakulbhai tied a rope in the Doha canal look, Bakulbhai tied a rope in the Doha canal look, Bakulbhai tied a rope in the Doha canal .  No matter what the problem is, .  No matter what the problem is, .  No matter what the problem is, I'll go and beat you up with a broom. I'll go and beat you up with a broom. I'll go and beat you up with a broom. Hello innocent grandfather, first you beat me, Hello innocent grandfather, first you beat me, Hello innocent grandfather, first you beat me, then I'll beat you. then I'll beat you. then I'll beat you. No problem, No problem, No problem, Arr [screaming] Arr [screaming] Arr [screaming] Now I'll beat you up. Now I'll beat you up. Now I'll beat you up. That loser [laughter] That loser [laughter] That loser [laughter] Oh father, oh father, you're sitting there, you need to Oh father, oh father, you're sitting there, you need to Oh father, oh father, you're sitting there, you need to hit your feet a little.  So you sit down, wow, you've already hit your feet a little.  So you sit down, wow, you've already hit your feet a little.  So you sit down, wow, you've already tied the knot, tied the knot, tied the knot, you know, you know, you know, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, who won, who won, who won, who's that? So, we'll have to hold who's that? So, we'll have to hold who's that? So, we'll have to hold one more round one more round one more round Oh, father, how Oh, father, how Oh, father, how many rounds are there now? many rounds are there now? many rounds are there now? You all go and beat me, you're going to You all go and beat me, you're going to You all go and beat me, you're going to eat my innocent grandfather. eat my innocent grandfather. eat my innocent grandfather. You two are so stupid. You need to practice a little bit to tie, you do You two are so stupid. You need to practice a little bit to tie, you do You two are so stupid. You need to practice a little bit to tie, you do n't have to tie at all, that's a laugh n't have to tie at all, that's a laugh n't have to tie at all, that's a laugh