I joined them in college. They are all in I joined them in college. They are all in I joined them in college. They are all in eighth grade and now they are going to college eighth grade and now they are going to college eighth grade and now they are going to college .  Look .  Look how much the little chicks grow up before they open their eyes how much the little chicks grow up before they open their eyes how much the little chicks grow up before they open their eyes [laughter] Not one, not three, not 10, I one, not three, not 10, I wrote 24 subjects in B.Tech with determination [laughter] Oh my God, 24 subjects are gone, right? 24 subjects are gone, right? 24 subjects are gone, right? [laughter] What else have I grown up to? else have I grown up to? else have I grown up to? Oh my God, except for my studies, is there anything else you want to ask me? Oh my God, except for my studies, is there anything else you want to ask me? Oh my God, except for my studies, is there anything else you want to ask me? Actually, I have an Actually, I have an Actually, I have an allergy, can you ask me a little more gently? If you allergy, can you ask me a little more gently? If you greet me politely as a friend, greet me politely as a friend, greet me politely as a friend, then I should also maintain my dignity. Let's then I should also maintain my dignity. Let's talk about the water problem and electricity problem in our village. talk about the water problem and electricity problem in our village. talk about the water problem and electricity problem in our village. But if you leave all that and But if you leave all that and But if you leave all that and talk about my studies again, I will talk about my studies again, I will talk about my studies again, I will put you in the oven. put you in the oven. put you in the oven. Uneducated fellow, that's a big deal, Uneducated fellow, that's a big deal, Uneducated fellow, that's a big deal, Bahubali, Sahore, Bahubali, you should Bahubali, Sahore, Bahubali, you should Bahubali, Sahore, Bahubali, you should follow your mother and eat an omelette. follow your mother and eat an omelette. follow your mother and eat an omelette. Oh Oh Oh what then?  No matter where you go, there is no need for what then?  No matter where you go, there is no need for what then?  No matter where you go, there is no need for tuition for maths tuition. If you prepare the material at a certain level, there is tuition for maths tuition. If you prepare the material at a certain level, there is tuition for maths tuition. If you prepare the material at a certain level, there is no need for tuition.  Oh, no need for tuition.  Oh, no need for tuition.  Oh, she's been reading the same paper for five years, she's been reading the same paper for five years, she's been reading the same paper for five years, I'm going, I'll wait for Sanchanam, I'm going, I'll wait for Sanchanam, I'm going, I'll wait for Sanchanam, what if Sanchanam came to town, what if Sanchanam came to town, what if Sanchanam came to town, she's even got married. she's even got married. she's even got married. Anna should be right with the girl.  Seenu, why are you Anna should be right with the girl.  Seenu, why are you Anna should be right with the girl.  Seenu, why are you stuck like this? stuck like this? How did you write the higher studies exams? Don't get How did you write the higher studies exams? Don't get How did you write the higher studies exams? Don't get stressed. I wrote everything I could. stressed. I wrote everything I could. stressed. I wrote everything I could. This time I'm guaranteed to pass. Oh This time I'm guaranteed to pass. Oh This time I'm guaranteed to pass. Oh God, will you really pass the exam? God, will you really pass the exam? God, will you really pass the exam? Mom, go and prepare tiffin. I'll Mom, go and prepare tiffin. I'll Mom, go and prepare tiffin. I'll come right away after taking a bath. Yes, dad is at come right away after taking a bath. Yes, dad is at come right away after taking a bath. Yes, dad is at home. Did you go to home. Did you go to home. Did you go to the shop? the shop? the shop? Aunty, Aunty, come. Aunty, Aunty, come. Aunty, Aunty, come. Bharat. When Seenu came, he came Bharat. When Seenu came, he came like this. Did he just come with a dog's like this. Did he just come with a dog's like this. Did he just come with a dog's nose? He's in nose? He's in nose? He's in the room. Do you want me the room. Do you want me the room. Do you want me to call him? Has to call him? Has to call him? Has Seenu come? Seenu come? Seenu come? Mom, I'm taking a bath. Mom, I'm taking a bath. Mom, I'm taking a bath. He's not a bad guy, He's not a bad guy, He's not a bad guy, Aunty, I just Aunty, I just Aunty, I just saw Flexi at the center. I came to ask how he wrote the exams saw Flexi at the center. I came to ask how he wrote the exams saw Flexi at the center. I came to ask how he wrote the exams .  A man was crying at home, but .  A man was crying at home, but .  A man was crying at home, but Ileana didn't come. He said, "You have a daycare." "Have Ileana didn't come. He said, "You have a daycare." "Have Ileana didn't come. He said, "You have a daycare." "Have you joined any jobs yet?" " you joined any jobs yet?" " you joined any jobs yet?" " Oh, I'm not going to work right now, I still have a Oh, I'm not going to work right now, I still have a Oh, I'm not going to work right now, I still have a lot to study."  Uh, these lot to study."  Uh, these lot to study."  Uh, these days, if you do engineering, there's only so days, if you do engineering, there's only so much value if you add OM Tech or MSO. much value if you add OM Tech or MSO. much value if you add OM Tech or MSO. That's why I'm GRE, JIMA, Truffle Cat, Cat, That's why I'm GRE, JIMA, Truffle Cat, Cat, That's why I'm GRE, JIMA, Truffle Cat, Cat, isn't that a cat, Aunty, that's also a isn't that a cat, Aunty, that's also a isn't that a cat, Aunty, that's also a course, didn't you tell me all this? course, didn't you tell me all this? course, didn't you tell me all this? What does he want us to do, MS, What does he want us to do, MS, What does he want us to do, MS, MTech, or something? I don't know, you ask me, what will MTech, or something? I don't know, you ask me, what will I do? Are you okay with that, I do? Are you okay with that, I do? Are you okay with that, Aunty, it's time for my class, Aunty, it's time for my class, Aunty, it's time for my class, the students are waiting. the students are waiting. the students are waiting. Students, that Students, that Students, that same aunty, I same aunty, I same aunty, I also teach free classes to students who are lagging behind in studies. also teach free classes to students who are lagging behind in studies. also teach free classes to students who are lagging behind in studies. Will you come, aunty? Will you come, aunty? Will you come, aunty? When will my son become a beneficiary like Veedi? When will my son become a beneficiary like Veedi? When will my son become a beneficiary like Veedi? This new model is Andi This new model is Andi This new model is Andi Babu, there is no water here. Babu, there is no water here. Babu, there is no water here. Ray, someone Ray, someone Ray, someone went into the trial room, thinking it was a toilet.  This is not good, let's went into the trial room, thinking it was a toilet.  This is not good, let's went into the trial room, thinking it was a toilet.  This is not good, let's see other knots, is see other knots, is see other knots, is this a clothes cutter or this a clothes cutter or this a clothes cutter or not? The cutting shop guy not? The cutting shop guy not? The cutting shop guy shaves me, I'll shave my beard, what are you going to do with me, they'll get so shaves me, I'll shave my beard, what are you going to do with me, they'll get so angry, let's go to the clothes shop and angry, let's go to the clothes shop and angry, let's go to the clothes shop and see some coloring, that scene guy, scene guy, scene guy, hey, where is the scene at hey, where is the scene at hey, where is the scene at home, but anyway, you put a home, but anyway, you put a home, but anyway, you put a big holding near the best stop about 24 subjects and made big holding near the best stop about 24 subjects and made big holding near the best stop about 24 subjects and made everyone in the village everyone in the village everyone in the village know, you've ruined my reputation, don't you think it's know, you've ruined my reputation, don't you think it's difficult to pass this time too, come on, my writing is shameful, they said.   The difficult to pass this time too, come on, my writing is shameful, they said.   The difficult to pass this time too, come on, my writing is shameful, they said.   The entire theory is in your hands. Okay, but what is our Srikanth Gadu doing so far Okay, but what is our Srikanth Gadu doing so far Okay, but what is our Srikanth Gadu doing so far ? ? ? Vadikera Bindas Vadikera Bindas Vadikera Bindas is driving the college bus. The bus was yesterday's engineering is driving the college bus. The bus was yesterday's engineering is driving the college bus. The bus was yesterday's engineering college figure. college figure. college figure. Okay, but when will we meet? Let's Okay, but when will we meet? Let's Okay, but when will we meet? Let's meet at the nightclub. Mama, meet at the nightclub. Mama, meet at the nightclub. Mama, okay. But okay. But okay. But what is between Prabhas and Anushka? He is not in the what is between Prabhas and Anushka? He is not in the what is between Prabhas and Anushka? He is not in the middle.  I have a lot of balance in my feet, and I can middle.  I have a lot of balance in my feet, and I can middle.  I have a lot of balance in my feet, and I can give it to you. If you do give it to you. If you do give it to you. If you do anything in life, you should be anything in life, you should be anything in life, you should be remembered. That's remembered. That's remembered. That's why I borrowed money from you. Do you why I borrowed money from you. Do you why I borrowed money from you. Do you remember your whole life? It's like this. It's like this. remember your whole life? It's like this. It's like this. remember your whole life? It's like this. It's like this. But if I But if I But if I sit in the shop, it ruins my whole business sit in the shop, it ruins my whole business sit in the shop, it ruins my whole business .   Instead of .   Instead of .   Instead of wandering around in your body shop, wandering around in your body shop, wandering around in your body shop, Gangoli and Sachini will come and sit. Gangoli and Sachini will come and sit. Gangoli and Sachini will come and sit. A lady customer who was A lady customer who was A lady customer who was talking to her in the morning came to the shop and talking to her in the morning came to the shop and talking to her in the morning came to the shop and sat down.   Did you come here to sat down.   Did you come here to sat down.   Did you come here to fire up a single mission? I came, did fire up a single mission? I came, did fire up a single mission? I came, did n't I? n't I? n't I? It was my boyfriend who came.   He says he will It was my boyfriend who came.   He says he will It was my boyfriend who came.   He says he will leave as soon as he hits a woman.  If someone leave as soon as he hits a woman.  If someone leave as soon as he hits a woman.  If someone falls, I will beat them up. Did falls, I will beat them up. Did you take a single step when you went to Bangalore the other day to bring circuses?  When the second step was you take a single step when you went to Bangalore the other day to bring circuses?  When the second step was you take a single step when you went to Bangalore the other day to bring circuses?  When the second step was also said, I thought we should combine the two. also said, I thought we should combine the two. also said, I thought we should combine the two. My wife said hello, Mutyam. My wife said hello, Mutyam. My wife said hello, Mutyam. Why did you like my friend Anuradha? Why did you like my friend Anuradha? Why did you like my friend Anuradha? I did it now. I saw it. Did I did it now. I saw it. Did you see it? Yes, if I like you on Facebook, did you see it? you see it? Yes, if I like you on Facebook, did you see it? you see it? Yes, if I like you on Facebook, did you see it? Yes, no, I didn't like it. Listen to me. You Yes, no, I didn't like it. Listen to me. You also commented that you were beautiful. I never also commented that you were beautiful. I never also commented that you were beautiful. I never commented that you were beautiful. You don't commented that you were beautiful. You don't commented that you were beautiful. You don't like me. Are you wondering how to like me. Are you wondering how to like me. Are you wondering how to get rid of me? get rid of me? get rid of me? No, I like you. I love you. Come No, I like you. I love you. Come on, I won't leave you alone. I will file a case and on, I won't leave you alone. I will file a case and on, I won't leave you alone. I will file a case and even put you in jail. even put you in jail. even put you in jail. Whatever you say, I will hit you on the face. I will like it. Whatever you say, I will hit you on the face. I will like it. Whatever you say, I will hit you on the face. I will like it. Go to its house and say I love you too. Do Go to its house and say I love you too. Do Go to its house and say I love you too. Do what you want. I am what you want. I am what you want. I am going to its house. going to its house. going to its house. You are going to Prashanthi in the name of Veedi, but there is You are going to Prashanthi in the name of Veedi, but there is You are going to Prashanthi in the name of Veedi, but there is no peace in life. Wow, you didn't ask no peace in life. Wow, you didn't ask no peace in life. Wow, you didn't ask me. I me. I me. I mean, mean, mean, we put that like in the phone job and left. The we put that like in the phone job and left. The we put that like in the phone job and left. The FBI opened it and said, isn't the girl good? FBI opened it and said, isn't the girl good? FBI opened it and said, isn't the girl good? Like and tell me when all of that will Like and tell me when all of that will Like and tell me when all of that will be there. What are your plans so far? Mama, do you be there. What are your plans so far? Mama, do you be there. What are your plans so far? Mama, do you have two or three stories? I'm have two or three stories? I'm have two or three stories? I'm waiting for a good producer.  Do you waiting for a good producer.  Do you waiting for a good producer.  Do you think we should make a movie, think we should make a movie, think we should make a movie, Mama? Mama? Remember when you saw R. Narayana Murthy's movie and wrote a poem about it with that inspiration? Did you Remember when you saw R. Narayana Murthy's movie and wrote a poem about it with that inspiration? Did you Remember when you saw R. Narayana Murthy's movie and wrote a poem about it with that inspiration? Did you think that day that you think that day that you think that day that you would become a big celebrity? would become a big celebrity? would become a big celebrity? Thank you, come on, change Thank you, come on, change Thank you, come on, change your range, Mama. Don't waste time with us like this. your range, Mama. Don't waste time with us like this. I know what the class mentality is like in Kadara I know what the class mentality is like in Kadara I know what the class mentality is like in Kadara .   Hey, come .   Hey, come .   Hey, come on Seenu, come on, come on, on Seenu, come on, come on, how are you after a long time, come on, how are you after a long time, come on, how are you after a long time, come on, average, come on, you average, come on, you average, come on, you hit hit hit Babuji, I bought a phone, download Facebook, it's Babuji, I bought a phone, download Facebook, it's Babuji, I bought a phone, download Facebook, it's like a new phone, come on, come on, come on, come on, like a new phone, come on, come on, come on, come on, give me one, come on, do you give me one, come on, do you give me one, come on, do you need this smartphone for your range? need this smartphone for your range? need this smartphone for your range? These days, girls are falling for those who have smartphones more than those who are smart, come on, you're a These days, girls are falling for those who have smartphones more than those who are smart, come on, you're a 10th-class married woman, you have so many 10th-class married woman, you have so many 10th-class married woman, you have so many fans, you're studying engineering, but I don't like a single one fans, you're studying engineering, but I don't like a single one fans, you're studying engineering, but I don't like a single one .  What's that, .  What's that, .  What's that, uncle? uncle? uncle? What password do you want me to put in for color matching?   Let's What password do you want me to put in for color matching?   Let's not forget the mansion house in life. not forget the mansion house in life. not forget the mansion house in life. Super Raw Universal Wall. What's up? My What's up? My What's up? My phone is dead. Can you give me your charger phone is dead. Can you give me your charger phone is dead. Can you give me your charger ? ? ? Go and ask someone, " Go and ask someone, " Go and ask someone, " Oh, shut up, you're the one with me, these damn phones Oh, shut up, you're the one with me, these damn phones Oh, shut up, you're the one with me, these damn phones ."  [Laughter] Here, Bab, Here, Bab, Here, Bab, tell me, tell me, tell me, give me a kilo of game and a packet of salt. give me a kilo of game and a packet of salt. give me a kilo of game and a packet of salt. Hey, dad, can you give me a kilo of salt packet? I Hey, dad, can you give me a kilo of salt packet? I Hey, dad, can you give me a kilo of salt packet? I need a tablet. need a tablet. need a tablet. What disease is that tablet?   The What disease is that tablet?   The What disease is that tablet?   The tablet is not that tablet, Dad, tablet is not that tablet, Dad, tablet is not that tablet, Dad, is it that tablet?   The is it that tablet?   The is it that tablet?   The Samsung Tab is a phone with a large screen. Samsung Tab is a phone with a large screen. Samsung Tab is a phone with a large screen. There's a big screen TV at home, right? Why does There's a big screen TV at home, right? Why does There's a big screen TV at home, right? Why does n't this phone, n't this phone, n't this phone, these Facebook chats come on it? these Facebook chats come on it? these Facebook chats come on it? Dad, all of this is related to the internet. Dad, all of this is related to the internet. Dad, all of this is related to the internet. You don't know much about these things. You don't know much about these things. You don't know much about these things. Okay, I admit I don't know anything about the internet, Okay, I admit I don't know anything about the internet, Okay, I admit I don't know anything about the internet, but tell me one thing: Do you think these but tell me one thing: Do you think these but tell me one thing: Do you think these Facebooks and WhatsApps will Facebooks and WhatsApps will Facebooks and WhatsApps will help you pass your exams?   You help you pass your exams?   You know why Kattappa killed Bahubali, don't you? What else are you thinking about? And you're know why Kattappa killed Bahubali, don't you? What else are you thinking about? And you're know why Kattappa killed Bahubali, don't you? What else are you thinking about? And you're thinking about how Nadar beat Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go with one hand? thinking about how Nadar beat Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go with one hand? thinking about how Nadar beat Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go with one hand? That's not it. When I That's not it. When I That's not it. When I asked my father for a tab, he asked my father for a tab, he asked my father for a tab, he said he wouldn't let me buy it. said he wouldn't let me buy it. said he wouldn't let me buy it. Now what are you going to do after buying a tab? Can you Now what are you going to do after buying a tab? Can you Now what are you going to do after buying a tab? Can you go to YouTube and go to YouTube and go to YouTube and watch videos on how to get ahead in life? We don't watch watch videos on how to get ahead in life? We don't watch watch videos on how to get ahead in life? We don't watch videos on how to get ahead. We videos on how to get ahead. We videos on how to get ahead. We watch videos to get a line from a girl. watch videos to get a line from a girl. watch videos to get a line from a girl. That's why they don't let us buy one.  Yet these fathers were elected as That's why they don't let us buy one.  Yet these fathers were elected as That's why they don't let us buy one.  Yet these fathers were elected as speakers in the interim assembly speakers in the interim assembly speakers in the interim assembly .  If you say anything, they will tell you to be quiet .  If you say anything, they will tell you to be quiet .  If you say anything, they will tell you to be quiet . . . Why can't our fathers be friendly with us?   If that's the case, Why can't our fathers be friendly with us?   If that's the case, Why can't our fathers be friendly with us?   If that's the case, why would we put this setup here? We used to why would we put this setup here? We used to why would we put this setup here? We used to put it near our house. When put it near our house. When put it near our house. When I was 10 years old, did you scold me for not going to a I was 10 years old, did you scold me for not going to a Pawan Kalyan movie? If you went to a Pawan Kalyan movie, did you scold me for Pawan Kalyan movie? If you went to a Pawan Kalyan movie, did you scold me for thinking that I had failed my final exam that day? That's a different matter, thinking that I had failed my final exam that day? That's a different matter, thinking that I had failed my final exam that day? That's a different matter, but there's nothing wrong with that. Did you but there's nothing wrong with that. Did you but there's nothing wrong with that. Did you also scold me for writing well in the inter exam? also scold me for writing well in the inter exam? also scold me for writing well in the inter exam? This is too much. Will This is too much. Will This is too much. Will anyone scold me if I wrote well?   He said he didn't anyone scold me if I wrote well?   He said he didn't anyone scold me if I wrote well?   He said he didn't believe me if I wrote it well, so I believe me if I wrote it well, so I believe me if I wrote it well, so I took the answer sheet I had written and showed it to him. took the answer sheet I had written and showed it to him. took the answer sheet I had written and showed it to him. Hey, just the other day, Hey, just the other day, Hey, just the other day, in my first year, I failed in in my first year, I failed in in my first year, I failed in love and failed in life and when I love and failed in life and when I love and failed in life and when I returned home, did you make me returned home, did you make me returned home, did you make me stand in front of everyone in the village and stand in front of everyone in the village and stand in front of everyone in the village and humiliate me? If you humiliate me? If you humiliate me? If you think about it, it happened to you, it's happening to think about it, it happened to you, it's happening to think about it, it happened to you, it's happening to me too. Come on, your uncle me too. Come on, your uncle me too. Come on, your uncle beat me to the point of my name. My uncle beat me to the point of my name. My uncle beat me to the point of my name. My uncle beat me at night too. Should I do beat me at night too. Should I do something to earn money for this beautiful skin? something to earn money for this beautiful skin? something to earn money for this beautiful skin? I was thinking the same thing. Should I beat my uncle's wife or should I give him the I was thinking the same thing. Should I beat my uncle's wife or should I give him the I was thinking the same thing. Should I beat my uncle's wife or should I give him the house papers? What about house papers? What about money? If a dog's teeth come out, that money? If a dog's teeth come out, that money? If a dog's teeth come out, that means I will lose my teeth. means I will lose my teeth. means I will lose my teeth. My father will find a beautiful girl in two or three years and My father will find a beautiful girl in two or three years and My father will find a beautiful girl in two or three years and marry me off. I will marry me off. I will marry me off. I will happily invest the dowry money with interest and happily invest the dowry money with interest and happily invest the dowry money with interest and live happily. live happily. live happily. Mama, the happiness of marriage cannot be found in two places, right? That's why we should enjoy Mama, the happiness of marriage cannot be found in two places, right? That's why we should enjoy Mama, the happiness of marriage cannot be found in two places, right? That's why we should enjoy our life within this very moment our life within this very moment our life within this very moment . . . S Ches Chi Amma, if I Amma, if I Amma, if I think about your future, will it scare me? think about your future, will it scare me? think about your future, will it scare me? What happened to Nanna? Amma, I didn't say anything about What happened to Nanna? Amma, I didn't say anything about What happened to Nanna? Amma, I didn't say anything about him. I'm more concerned about my future than about you. him. I'm more concerned about my future than about you. him. I'm more concerned about my future than about you. Bindas, you want him to be 100% healthy. I want him to be healthy. Bindas, you want him to be 100% healthy. I want him to be healthy. [Music] Have you thought about what he said? You should thought about what he said? You should thought about what he said? You should learn film direction. learn film direction. learn film direction. Your son makes a movie, but Your son makes a movie, but have you thought about how much trouble the viewers will feel? have you thought about how much trouble the viewers will feel? have you thought about how much trouble the viewers will feel? Filmmaking is an art. Does your son have Filmmaking is an art. Does your son have Filmmaking is an art. Does your son have any connection to it?  Did you participate in at least one any connection to it?  Did you participate in at least one any connection to it?  Did you participate in at least one drama at school? drama at school? drama at school? What's wrong with Anne? Dad, there are already a lot of What's wrong with Anne? Dad, there are already a lot of What's wrong with Anne? Dad, there are already a lot of papers left in engineering. papers left in engineering. papers left in engineering. Whoever turned on this radio Whoever turned on this radio Whoever turned on this radio knows that no matter how hard they work, they won't be able to knows that no matter how hard they work, they won't be able to knows that no matter how hard they work, they won't be able to pass the exams, so they've pass the exams, so they've looked for a field that doesn't require any qualifications.  He thinks that if he goes into films, he will make money looked for a field that doesn't require any qualifications.  He thinks that if he goes into films, he will make money looked for a field that doesn't require any qualifications.  He thinks that if he goes into films, he will make money .  There are .  There are .  There are many people like this in our college too, many people like this in our college too, many people like this in our college too, Dad.   Not Dad.   Not Dad.   Not only that, he has a talent as bold as he is only that, he has a talent as bold as he is only that, he has a talent as bold as he is . . . Oh, yes?   He Oh, yes?   He Oh, yes?   He said he would be directing something in Vizag for said he would be directing something in Vizag for said he would be directing something in Vizag for three months.  If he does, three months.  If he does, three months.  If he does, he will become a director. he will become a director. he will become a director. But I don't know anything about Rajeshwari's film, are those who have worked with big directors for 10-15 years wasting their But I don't know anything about Rajeshwari's film, are those who have worked with big directors for 10-15 years wasting their But I don't know anything about Rajeshwari's film, are those who have worked with big directors for 10-15 years wasting their time? time? time? Otherwise, I Otherwise, I Otherwise, I know it's an art.  To become a good artist, you know it's an art.  To become a good artist, you know it's an art.  To become a good artist, you need to have some experience. need to have some experience. need to have some experience. Here's Dad's shirt. Here's Dad's shirt. Here's Dad's shirt. You can make that movie. You can make that movie. You can make that movie. If you have a good heart, good ideas will come. If you have a good heart, good ideas will come. If you have a good heart, good ideas will come. For that, let's read good books and For that, let's read good books and For that, let's read good books and meet great people, then meet great people, then meet great people, then think about a direction course. That day, when I asked for a small tab, the big That day, when I asked for a small tab, the big That day, when I asked for a small tab, the big class peacock said, "Your father, I know, is class peacock said, "Your father, I know, is planning some grand event where you will pack parcels in the grocery store." planning some grand event where you will pack parcels in the grocery store." planning some grand event where you will pack parcels in the grocery store." My father now calls it a useful job, a My father now calls it a useful job, a My father now calls it a useful job, a useful job. What exactly is a useful useful job. What exactly is a useful useful job. What exactly is a useful job? job? job? What is it, Mama? If you do one thing, What is it, Mama? If you do one thing, What is it, Mama? If you do one thing, 10 people around you should be happy. 10 people around you should be happy. 10 people around you should be happy. But let's have a recording dance in our town But let's have a recording dance in our town But let's have a recording dance in our town .  10 people can make the whole town happy .  10 people can make the whole town happy .  10 people can make the whole town happy .   The .   The .   The above great people should save them yourselves, let's make above great people should save them yourselves, let's make above great people should save them yourselves, let's make all the illiterate people in our village all the illiterate people in our village all the illiterate people in our village literate. Is literate. Is literate. Is this idea really good? What's wrong with saying that we are this idea really good? What's wrong with saying that we are this idea really good? What's wrong with saying that we are illiterate? What's wrong with saying that we are illiterate? What's wrong with saying that we are illiterate? What's wrong with saying that we are illiterate? What's wrong with saying that we are not rickshaw not rickshaw not rickshaw drivers? I can't say that we are illiterate, but we are doing something useful. drivers? I can't say that we are illiterate, but we are doing something useful. drivers? I can't say that we are illiterate, but we are doing something useful. What do you think? Someday I will do something What do you think? Someday I will do something What do you think? Someday I will do something good and prove myself to my father. You have broken my good and prove myself to my father. You have broken my good and prove myself to my father. You have broken my heart. You have never done a single good deed in your life. You have never heart. You have never done a single good deed in your life. You have never seen anyone's face and you have never seen a single good deed seen anyone's face and you have never seen a single good deed seen anyone's face and you have never seen a single good deed . . . In the end, even the evil one turned out to be right In the end, even the evil one turned out to be right In the end, even the evil one turned out to be right . [Yawns] He [Yawns] He [Yawns] He sleeps all day, comes down in the evening, sleeps all day, comes down in the evening, sleeps all day, comes down in the evening, eats, and eats, and eats, and goes back upstairs.   The goes back upstairs.   The goes back upstairs.   The light in the living room stays on. light in the living room stays on. light in the living room stays on. What are you doing? Is What are you doing? Is it true that Sushilu said that there must be something wrong with this computer? If it true that Sushilu said that there must be something wrong with this computer? If it true that Sushilu said that there must be something wrong with this computer? If there is internet at home, Aunty, it must be the there is internet at home, Aunty, it must be the there is internet at home, Aunty, it must be the hard disk.   Everything hard disk.   Everything hard disk.   Everything written is in it. Aunty, written is in it. Aunty, written is in it. Aunty, what's wrong? He's the only one who made this. what's wrong? He's the only one who made this. what's wrong? He's the only one who made this. [Music] You tell me, Babu, I'm sure [Music] You tell me, Babu, I'm sure [Music] You tell me, Babu, I'm sure Aunty won't Aunty won't Aunty won't at least help their father a little in the kitchen at least help their father a little in the kitchen at least help their father a little in the kitchen .  The girl who works at our house is .  The girl who works at our house is .  The girl who works at our house is much better than this. much better than this. Here he comes, wondering when Very Sad will change. Here he comes, wondering when Very Sad will change. Here he comes, wondering when Very Sad will change. Hey, where are you going, Seenu? Hey, where are you going, Seenu? Hey, where are you going, Seenu? Oh Seenu, hey Seenu, don't worry Oh Seenu, hey Seenu, don't worry Oh Seenu, hey Seenu, don't worry aunty I will take care of you Hey Seenu It's Seenu aunty I will take care of you Hey Seenu It's Seenu aunty I will take care of you Hey Seenu It's Seenu Namaste sir Namaste sir Namaste sir Good morning Seenu Why are you Good morning Seenu Why are you Good morning Seenu Why are you doing this? Look how much your mother is doing this? Look how much your mother is doing this? Look how much your mother is suffering. Listen to me and go to your father's suffering. Listen to me and go to your father's suffering. Listen to me and go to your father's shop and help him. If you shop and help him. If you shop and help him. If you also work, the debts you took for your education will be also work, the debts you took for your education will be also work, the debts you took for your education will be easily paid off. If you want, easily paid off. If you want, easily paid off. If you want, I will help you with the remaining subjects. I will help you with the remaining subjects. I will help you with the remaining subjects. Dad, come closer. Dad, come closer. Dad, come closer. Go and tell your grandmother about the Go and tell your grandmother about the Go and tell your grandmother about the tuition. You got first rank in third class. tuition. You got first rank in third class. tuition. You got first rank in third class. Then, my Then, my Then, my national exam started. national exam started. national exam started. You may study well, but if you don't get better, You may study well, but if you don't get better, why are you so short-sighted? We are the ones who are making trouble. We are the ones who are making trouble why are you so short-sighted? We are the ones who are making trouble. We are the ones who are making trouble .   Did they make .   Did they make .   Did they make people like us sit on the last bench people like us sit on the last bench people like us sit on the last bench ?  People like you ?  People like you ?  People like you are sitting on the first bench.  Do are sitting on the first bench.  Do are sitting on the first bench.  Do n't be arrogant about getting a seat for free. After all, someone who is studying in an n't be arrogant about getting a seat for free. After all, someone who is studying in an n't be arrogant about getting a seat for free. After all, someone who is studying in an engineering seat by paying royalties engineering seat by paying royalties didn't spend a single rupee for the seat. didn't spend a single rupee for the seat. didn't spend a single rupee for the seat. What good is that to your country? What good is that to your country? What good is that to your country? I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that middle class people like me who middle class people like me who middle class people like me who pay taxes to the government are pay taxes to the government are pay taxes to the government are educated, like you.  Remember that, they educated, like you.  Remember that, they educated, like you.  Remember that, they came here once again as toffees and gifalis, came here once again as toffees and gifalis, came here once again as toffees and gifalis, learn to make juice, wash their feet and learn to make juice, wash their feet and learn to make juice, wash their feet and pour water on their scalp. Did pour water on their scalp. Did pour water on their scalp. Did you bring this? Zia, I'll cut off you bring this? Zia, I'll cut off you bring this? Zia, I'll cut off your face again, if you your face again, if you your face again, if you appear in this area again, I'll appear in this area again, I'll appear in this area again, I'll cut off your face. cut off your face. cut off your face. No, No, No, sir, every morning. sir, every morning. sir, every morning. Mama, I understand now that Trump is Mama, I understand now that Trump is chasing all the people in America to India, so we should chase that husband out of this town. And chasing all the people in America to India, so we should chase that husband out of this town. And yes, I will kill that husband. That's right, is yes, I will kill that husband. That's right, is yes, I will kill that husband. That's right, is n't it man handling? n't it man handling? n't it man handling? We should beat him psychologically, I mean, we should We should beat him psychologically, I mean, we should We should beat him psychologically, I mean, we should grow taller than him. What grow taller than him. What grow taller than him. What else? Did you get a job installing bulbs for street lights? else? Did you get a job installing bulbs for street lights? Your father, growing taller Your father, growing taller Your father, growing taller doesn't mean growing vertically. We should make everyone's attention fall on us in this town. doesn't mean growing vertically. We should make everyone's attention fall on us in this town. doesn't mean growing vertically. We should make everyone's attention fall on us in this town. What should we do? Why don't you What should we do? Why don't you What should we do? Why don't you see a good Pakistani girl and marry her? see a good Pakistani girl and marry her? see a good Pakistani girl and marry her? Everyone has the Total India focus on Everyone has the Total India focus on Everyone has the Total India focus on you. Hey, why don't you stop acting? What do you want to you. Hey, why don't you stop acting? What do you want to you. Hey, why don't you stop acting? What do you want to do? do? I think we should go to the film field and learn direction.  Which director do you want to I think we should go to the film field and learn direction.  Which director do you want to I think we should go to the film field and learn direction.  Which director do you want to join? join? join? Mama, let's join Puri Jagannath. Mama, let's join Puri Jagannath. Mama, let's join Puri Jagannath. He will shoot the entire film in Bangkok He will shoot the entire film in Bangkok He will shoot the entire film in Bangkok .  Three beers would be as comfortable as an omelette, would .  Three beers would be as comfortable as an omelette, would .  Three beers would be as comfortable as an omelette, would n't they? If I want to become famous on an international level, n't they? If I want to become famous on an international level, n't they? If I want to become famous on an international level, Rajamouli is right, but how can I meet him? Rajamouli is right, but how can I meet him? Rajamouli is right, but how can I meet him? Ray, with your creativity, make a short film and Ray, with your creativity, make a short film and Ray, with your creativity, make a short film and show it to him. What kind of show it to him. What kind of show it to him. What kind of short film is super cheap? short film is super cheap? short film is super cheap? What kind of short film is cheap? What kind of short film is cheap? What kind of short film is cheap? How much money is there? How much money is there? The kind of short film with a hero in a short cut? The kind of short film with a How much money is there? How much money is there? The kind of short film with a hero in a short cut? The kind of short film with a small-sized short film? The kind of big-sized small-sized short film? The kind of big-sized small-sized short film? The kind of big-sized short short short film that is popular with a big-sized Viva Harshde? The kind of short film that Iddaremaiya Pelli Choopula film that is popular with a big-sized Viva Harshde? The kind of short film that Iddaremaiya Pelli Choopula film that is popular with a big-sized Viva Harshde? The kind of short film that Iddaremaiya Pelli Choopula director Tarun Bhaskar and director Tarun Bhaskar and director Tarun Bhaskar and Ranarajarana director Sujith told us. If Ranarajarana director Sujith told us. If Ranarajarana director Sujith told us. If many people keep saying this, what many people keep saying this, what many people keep saying this, what kind of short film do all of them have? kind of short film do all of them have? kind of short film do all of them have? Do you call such a short film a broom, a broom? If it is Do you call such a short film a broom, a broom? If it is Do you call such a short film a broom, a broom? If it is our urgent short film, let's our urgent short film, let's our urgent short film, let's make it.  Seeing that it has gone viral, make it.  Seeing that it has gone viral, make it.  Seeing that it has gone viral, he calls it Raja.  Let's say that while working with him, he was a he calls it Raja.  Let's say that while working with him, he was a he calls it Raja.  Let's say that while working with him, he was a cherry on top of Prabhas, and then the cherry on top of Prabhas, and then the cherry on top of Prabhas, and then the direction was like money for money, life settled down, direction was like money for money, life settled down, direction was like money for money, life settled down, you are super, you have talent. you are super, you have talent. No one can stop a talented person from going to the toilet. No one can stop a talented person from going to the toilet. No one can stop a talented person from going to the toilet. Now, if we need a story, Now, if we need a story, Now, if we need a story, we have a lot of them. Let's we have a lot of them. Let's we have a lot of them. Let's look at the Korean films we have and make one of them into a look at the Korean films we have and make one of them into a look at the Korean films we have and make one of them into a freemake. freemake. freemake. Will you put it on YouTube?   No, Will you put it on YouTube?   No, Will you put it on YouTube?   No, they put it in a bicycle tube.   No matter they put it in a bicycle tube.   No matter they put it in a bicycle tube.   No matter how many times you blow air, all the how many times you blow air, all the how many times you blow air, all the likes will come.  I mean, I'll likes will come.  I mean, I'll likes will come.  I mean, I'll put it in there, and Koreans will see that they're not as put it in there, and Koreans will see that they're not as put it in there, and Koreans will see that they're not as busy as we are, they're busy as we are, they're busy as we are, they're busy writing new stories.  I will busy writing new stories.  I will busy writing new stories.  I will start our story today.