>> Good morning, guys, and welcome to a new >> Good morning, guys, and welcome to a new >> Good morning, guys, and welcome to a new vlog. I'm so happy to see you. I am on vlog. I'm so happy to see you. I am on vlog. I'm so happy to see you. I am on my way to go have a little cozy my way to go have a little cozy my way to go have a little cozy breakfast at this place in Copenhagen breakfast at this place in Copenhagen breakfast at this place in Copenhagen called Hans. I just have to bring you called Hans. I just have to bring you called Hans. I just have to bring you guys along because it is truly my guys along because it is truly my guys along because it is truly my favorite spot in Copenhagen. They have a favorite spot in Copenhagen. They have a favorite spot in Copenhagen. They have a few locations, but this is the place few locations, but this is the place few locations, but this is the place where you can have the best in where you can have the best in where you can have the best in Copenhagen. I haven't been like the Copenhagen. I haven't been like the Copenhagen. I haven't been like the biggest fan of BMOs, if I'm being biggest fan of BMOs, if I'm being biggest fan of BMOs, if I'm being honest, because usually the cafes in honest, because usually the cafes in honest, because usually the cafes in Copenhagen don't offer jam with the bun, Copenhagen don't offer jam with the bun, Copenhagen don't offer jam with the bun, and I feel like it's just a little bit and I feel like it's just a little bit and I feel like it's just a little bit dry and salty, and without the jam, it's dry and salty, and without the jam, it's dry and salty, and without the jam, it's not that good. But let me tell you, this not that good. But let me tell you, this not that good. But let me tell you, this place truly makes the best one. I place truly makes the best one. I place truly makes the best one. I literally think about this breakfast literally think about this breakfast literally think about this breakfast every single morning. every single morning. every single morning. have a book that I want to finish today, have a book that I want to finish today, have a book that I want to finish today, My Brilliant Friend by Elena Ferrante. My Brilliant Friend by Elena Ferrante. My Brilliant Friend by Elena Ferrante. Oh my goodness, guys. I think this might Oh my goodness, guys. I think this might Oh my goodness, guys. I think this might be one of my all-time favorite books, be one of my all-time favorite books, be one of my all-time favorite books, and I was not expecting that when I and I was not expecting that when I and I was not expecting that when I started reading it, because it took me a started reading it, because it took me a started reading it, because it took me a while to get into it. So it follows while to get into it. So it follows while to get into it. So it follows these two girls who are living in these two girls who are living in these two girls who are living in Naples, and it follows their friendship Naples, and it follows their friendship Naples, and it follows their friendship throughout four books. So this is the throughout four books. So this is the throughout four books. So this is the first book, and it starts pretty early first book, and it starts pretty early first book, and it starts pretty early when they're quite young, and I just when they're quite young, and I just when they're quite young, and I just wasn't sure if I was going to love it, wasn't sure if I was going to love it, wasn't sure if I was going to love it, even though the writing from the even though the writing from the even though the writing from the beginning was so, so beautiful, but I beginning was so, so beautiful, but I beginning was so, so beautiful, but I just wasn't really like, oh my goodness, just wasn't really like, oh my goodness, just wasn't really like, oh my goodness, I'm going to love this. I continued I'm going to love this. I continued I'm going to love this. I continued reading it even though I was a little reading it even though I was a little reading it even though I was a little bit confused about all of the different bit confused about all of the different bit confused about all of the different characters, but I really love also that, characters, but I really love also that, characters, but I really love also that, you know, it is an Italian story that is you know, it is an Italian story that is you know, it is an Italian story that is translated to English, but it just has translated to English, but it just has translated to English, but it just has these, you know, Italian words, and these, you know, Italian words, and these, you know, Italian words, and Italian names, Italian locations, and I Italian names, Italian locations, and I Italian names, Italian locations, and I feel like I've been transported to Italy feel like I've been transported to Italy feel like I've been transported to Italy and I'm in Naples, and it's honestly and I'm in Naples, and it's honestly and I'm in Naples, and it's honestly just a really, really beautiful book. just a really, really beautiful book. just a really, really beautiful book. Yesterday, I got a little bit ahead of Yesterday, I got a little bit ahead of Yesterday, I got a little bit ahead of myself. myself. myself. I started watching the TV adaptation of I started watching the TV adaptation of I started watching the TV adaptation of this book series, and oh my goodness, it this book series, and oh my goodness, it this book series, and oh my goodness, it was really something good. I'm so picky was really something good. I'm so picky was really something good. I'm so picky when it comes to TV shows and movies. I when it comes to TV shows and movies. I when it comes to TV shows and movies. I really love, you know, older movies and really love, you know, older movies and really love, you know, older movies and older TV shows because, as you've older TV shows because, as you've older TV shows because, as you've probably seen like the Netflix filter, I probably seen like the Netflix filter, I probably seen like the Netflix filter, I watched Devil Wears Prada and my last watched Devil Wears Prada and my last watched Devil Wears Prada and my last vlog, and I actually didn't give you vlog, and I actually didn't give you vlog, and I actually didn't give you guys my thoughts on the movie, but I did guys my thoughts on the movie, but I did guys my thoughts on the movie, but I did not like it at all. Uh it had this not like it at all. Uh it had this not like it at all. Uh it had this Netflix filter. Everything was just so Netflix filter. Everything was just so Netflix filter. Everything was just so picture perfect, the lighting, the picture perfect, the lighting, the picture perfect, the lighting, the audio, everything kind of just staged. audio, everything kind of just staged. audio, everything kind of just staged. But I feel like in the older days or But I feel like in the older days or But I feel like in the older days or like, you know, older films, older TV like, you know, older films, older TV like, you know, older films, older TV shows, they still have that natural shows, they still have that natural shows, they still have that natural element to it. I mean, you don't even element to it. I mean, you don't even element to it. I mean, you don't even have to go that far. I think Breaking have to go that far. I think Breaking have to go that far. I think Breaking Bad, we were currently watching uh Bad, we were currently watching uh Bad, we were currently watching uh Sopranos, which is quite funny because Sopranos, which is quite funny because Sopranos, which is quite funny because they are also like Italian-Americans. they are also like Italian-Americans. they are also like Italian-Americans. So, some of these names, I'm like So, some of these names, I'm like So, some of these names, I'm like recognizing and some of the slangs and recognizing and some of the slangs and recognizing and some of the slangs and stuff that they're using. Okay, anyways, stuff that they're using. Okay, anyways, stuff that they're using. Okay, anyways, I'm going way ahead of myself. What why I'm going way ahead of myself. What why I'm going way ahead of myself. What why did I start talking about this? But did I start talking about this? But did I start talking about this? But yeah, the TV show, My Brilliant Friend, yeah, the TV show, My Brilliant Friend, yeah, the TV show, My Brilliant Friend, I only watched the first episode. So, I only watched the first episode. So, I only watched the first episode. So, it's an HBO series, but it's in Italian it's an HBO series, but it's in Italian it's an HBO series, but it's in Italian and it's filmed in Italy, I believe, and and it's filmed in Italy, I believe, and and it's filmed in Italy, I believe, and I think all of the actors are Italian. I think all of the actors are Italian. I think all of the actors are Italian. And it's just so raw and it's so so And it's just so raw and it's so so And it's just so raw and it's so so beautiful. I immediately like I knew beautiful. I immediately like I knew beautiful. I immediately like I knew that I was going to love it. It is that I was going to love it. It is that I was going to love it. It is identical to the book. I feel like every identical to the book. I feel like every identical to the book. I feel like every scene has been literally the same as the scene has been literally the same as the scene has been literally the same as the book. Uh, which is really cool because book. Uh, which is really cool because book. Uh, which is really cool because that's not often times when, you know, that's not often times when, you know, that's not often times when, you know, they make movies or TV shows from books. they make movies or TV shows from books. they make movies or TV shows from books. But this one, But this one, But this one, wow, I was blown away and I'm excited to wow, I was blown away and I'm excited to wow, I was blown away and I'm excited to watch more and finish this one. And watch more and finish this one. And watch more and finish this one. And yeah, I'm going to take myself on a cozy yeah, I'm going to take myself on a cozy yeah, I'm going to take myself on a cozy morning date. And miss Matilda morning date. And miss Matilda morning date. And miss Matilda is a little sleepy head. is a little sleepy head. is a little sleepy head. My little cutie. My little cutie. My little cutie. But I thought maybe I could show you But I thought maybe I could show you But I thought maybe I could show you guys what I'm going to wear. So, my hair guys what I'm going to wear. So, my hair guys what I'm going to wear. So, my hair is a little bit oily today, so I just is a little bit oily today, so I just is a little bit oily today, so I just threw on threw on threw on this headband. this headband. this headband. This is actually Hedi's back. This is actually Hedi's back. This is actually Hedi's back. But I'm going to steal it today and I'm But I'm going to steal it today and I'm But I'm going to steal it today and I'm wearing these pleated pants, wearing these pleated pants, wearing these pleated pants, my flip-flops, and this gray V-neck. Me. >> We're going to find another place so we >> We're going to find another place so we >> We're going to find another place so we can can can sit in the sun while sit in the sun while sit in the sun while we read because the other place was in we read because the other place was in we read because the other place was in the shadow. It's a little bit cold, but the shadow. It's a little bit cold, but the shadow. It's a little bit cold, but in the sun in the sun in the sun it's so nice. Yeah, I also brought it's so nice. Yeah, I also brought it's so nice. Yeah, I also brought Helge's book because he was out and Helge's book because he was out and Helge's book because he was out and about and he was maybe going to meet me about and he was maybe going to meet me about and he was maybe going to meet me and he is reading You're almost finished You're almost finished You're almost finished as well. as well. as well. >> Oof, it's been what? >> Oof, it's been what? >> Oof, it's been what? A year or something since A year or something since A year or something since >> No, not a not a year, but it's taken you >> No, not a not a year, but it's taken you >> No, not a not a year, but it's taken you a while. You also read to quite a few a while. You also read to quite a few a while. You also read to quite a few books like in between. You had to take books like in between. You had to take books like in between. You had to take some breaks. I'm not sure if I'm going some breaks. I'm not sure if I'm going some breaks. I'm not sure if I'm going to read it. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> We found a little spot here >> We found a little spot here >> We found a little spot here where we can sit where we can sit where we can sit and read by the lake. and read by the lake. and read by the lake. And there's a little duck over there. And there's a little duck over there. And there's a little duck over there. Hello. Hello. Hello. >> [music] >> Well, guys >> Well, guys >> Well, guys we finished. we finished. we finished. Oh, and it's been such a lovely day. Oh, and it's been such a lovely day. Oh, and it's been such a lovely day. And the sun is just And the sun is just And the sun is just beaming and there are lots of boats and beaming and there are lots of boats and beaming and there are lots of boats and kayaks passing by here. So wholesome, kayaks passing by here. So wholesome, kayaks passing by here. So wholesome, but we actually want to go home now but we actually want to go home now but we actually want to go home now because because because we recently got a delivery. It's a we recently got a delivery. It's a we recently got a delivery. It's a poster and a frame that we are going to poster and a frame that we are going to poster and a frame that we are going to put in our living room and we haven't put in our living room and we haven't put in our living room and we haven't unboxed it yet because I really wanted unboxed it yet because I really wanted unboxed it yet because I really wanted to film the process with you guys. So I to film the process with you guys. So I to film the process with you guys. So I think we're going to go home now and think we're going to go home now and think we're going to go home now and >> Unbox it. >> Unbox it. >> Unbox it. >> Yeah. [laughter] >> [music] >> We just got home and >> We just got home and >> We just got home and >> [clears throat] >> [clears throat] >> [clears throat] >> she is lying so funny. >> she is lying so funny. >> she is lying so funny. Look at her, Mata. Hi. Hello. Look at her, Mata. Hi. Hello. Look at her, Mata. Hi. Hello. Cutiepie. We did a little Cutiepie. We did a little Cutiepie. We did a little shopping before heading home. I also shopping before heading home. I also shopping before heading home. I also went to the store to pick up some went to the store to pick up some went to the store to pick up some necessities while we're unboxing the necessities while we're unboxing the necessities while we're unboxing the poster and the frame, but we also went poster and the frame, but we also went poster and the frame, but we also went to this store that we bypassed and we to this store that we bypassed and we to this store that we bypassed and we got some coconut oil, got some coconut oil, got some coconut oil, slap av tea, which means like relaxing slap av tea, which means like relaxing slap av tea, which means like relaxing tea, and we bought toothbrushes. I tea, and we bought toothbrushes. I tea, and we bought toothbrushes. I haven't bought these before, but I haven't bought these before, but I haven't bought these before, but I wanted to try them because it's like wanted to try them because it's like wanted to try them because it's like made from plants and they looked pretty made from plants and they looked pretty made from plants and they looked pretty good, so. And I really wanted to buy good, so. And I really wanted to buy good, so. And I really wanted to buy high-quality olive oil. I mean, this one high-quality olive oil. I mean, this one high-quality olive oil. I mean, this one is organic and it's extra virgin olive is organic and it's extra virgin olive is organic and it's extra virgin olive oil, but I'm not sure if it's just like oil, but I'm not sure if it's just like oil, but I'm not sure if it's just like the pure best olive oil that you can the pure best olive oil that you can the pure best olive oil that you can like drink in the morning. I really want like drink in the morning. I really want like drink in the morning. I really want to buy that type of olive oil where you to buy that type of olive oil where you to buy that type of olive oil where you can just like sip on it with some lemon can just like sip on it with some lemon can just like sip on it with some lemon juice. I don't know if you guys have juice. I don't know if you guys have juice. I don't know if you guys have seen that, but olive oil like so good seen that, but olive oil like so good seen that, but olive oil like so good for you, but I mean, we're just going to for you, but I mean, we're just going to for you, but I mean, we're just going to try this one out and see how it is. And try this one out and see how it is. And try this one out and see how it is. And yeah, we also wanted to try yeah, we also wanted to try yeah, we also wanted to try this water kefir, ginger and lemon. I this water kefir, ginger and lemon. I this water kefir, ginger and lemon. I think it's a little bit like kombucha. I think it's a little bit like kombucha. I think it's a little bit like kombucha. I actually don't know the difference. I love everything ginger and lemon. Mm. I love everything ginger and lemon. Mm. I love everything ginger and lemon. Mm. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Yum. It's not sweet at all. Yum. It's not sweet at all. Yum. It's not sweet at all. It's more like sparkling water with a It's more like sparkling water with a It's more like sparkling water with a little bit of ginger and lemon. It's not little bit of ginger and lemon. It's not little bit of ginger and lemon. It's not like ginger ale, but like ginger ale, but like ginger ale, but really refreshing. really refreshing. really refreshing. Matilda is Matilda is Matilda is always so cuddly when we get home. When always so cuddly when we get home. When always so cuddly when we get home. When she's been alone and then she's craving she's been alone and then she's craving she's been alone and then she's craving some cuddles and scratches some cuddles and scratches some cuddles and scratches and kisses. and kisses. and kisses. Oh. Well, oh well. Well, oh well. Well, oh well. >> It's cute. >> It's cute. >> It's cute. >> It's so big. >> It's so big. >> It's so big. I believe the poster is up here. I believe the poster is up here. I believe the poster is up here. And then this here is like this dark And then this here is like this dark And then this here is like this dark wood frame. This is from a Danish brand wood frame. This is from a Danish brand wood frame. This is from a Danish brand called Pelikan. They kindly gifted us called Pelikan. They kindly gifted us called Pelikan. They kindly gifted us this piece and I'm so excited to style this piece and I'm so excited to style this piece and I'm so excited to style it in our apartment. I don't know if we it in our apartment. I don't know if we it in our apartment. I don't know if we should have it here, above the cabinet, should have it here, above the cabinet, should have it here, above the cabinet, or above the sofa, but let's see. By the way, this poster is called Cheers By the way, this poster is called Cheers By the way, this poster is called Cheers My Friend. I was in between a couple of My Friend. I was in between a couple of My Friend. I was in between a couple of artworks from this German artist called artworks from this German artist called artworks from this German artist called Hanne Müller. I think all of them are Hanne Müller. I think all of them are Hanne Müller. I think all of them are absolutely beautiful, but I felt like absolutely beautiful, but I felt like absolutely beautiful, but I felt like this one would just suit this living this one would just suit this living this one would just suit this living room really nicely. room really nicely. room really nicely. Ta-da! Ta-da! Ta-da! Oh my goodness. It's so stunning. Oh my goodness. It's so stunning. Oh my goodness. It's so stunning. Wow. >> Well, guys, what do you think? I am in >> Well, guys, what do you think? I am in >> Well, guys, what do you think? I am in love. It is even bigger than I imagined. love. It is even bigger than I imagined. love. It is even bigger than I imagined. I love big artworks. I feel like it just I love big artworks. I feel like it just I love big artworks. I feel like it just really elevates every space. So, I'm so really elevates every space. So, I'm so really elevates every space. So, I'm so happy with this one. We haven't hung it happy with this one. We haven't hung it happy with this one. We haven't hung it up just yet because we're still debating up just yet because we're still debating up just yet because we're still debating if we should keep it above the cabinet if we should keep it above the cabinet if we should keep it above the cabinet or above the sofa. Uh and then we need or above the sofa. Uh and then we need or above the sofa. Uh and then we need to borrow a drilling machine from our to borrow a drilling machine from our to borrow a drilling machine from our friend. So, we're not going to hang it friend. So, we're not going to hang it friend. So, we're not going to hang it up today, but I feel like the living up today, but I feel like the living up today, but I feel like the living room just upgraded immediately. So, I'm room just upgraded immediately. So, I'm room just upgraded immediately. So, I'm really really happy. really really happy. really really happy. We just got ready because we're meeting We just got ready because we're meeting We just got ready because we're meeting our friends for dinner. And I'm pretty our friends for dinner. And I'm pretty our friends for dinner. And I'm pretty much wearing the same outfit as I did much wearing the same outfit as I did much wearing the same outfit as I did today, but I added this leather blazer today, but I added this leather blazer today, but I added this leather blazer and my loafers because it can get pretty and my loafers because it can get pretty and my loafers because it can get pretty cold when sets. I don't know where we're cold when sets. I don't know where we're cold when sets. I don't know where we're going to go for dinner, but going to go for dinner, but going to go for dinner, but probably going to sit somewhere probably going to sit somewhere probably going to sit somewhere >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> in the sun. >> [music] >> We are back home. It was really cozy >> We are back home. It was really cozy >> We are back home. It was really cozy evening. We had some pizzas evening. We had some pizzas evening. We had some pizzas and I actually had a cheeseburger. And and I actually had a cheeseburger. And and I actually had a cheeseburger. And we just sat there in the sun. Yeah, I we just sat there in the sun. Yeah, I we just sat there in the sun. Yeah, I took a shower because I was so cold and took a shower because I was so cold and took a shower because I was so cold and my hair was dirty. And I love taking a my hair was dirty. And I love taking a my hair was dirty. And I love taking a shower before I go to bed. Not shower before I go to bed. Not shower before I go to bed. Not necessarily like soaking wet, but I feel necessarily like soaking wet, but I feel necessarily like soaking wet, but I feel like my hair gets a little bit more wavy like my hair gets a little bit more wavy like my hair gets a little bit more wavy in the morning. Hey, guys. I just in the morning. Hey, guys. I just in the morning. Hey, guys. I just realized that we bought something realized that we bought something realized that we bought something earlier this week. earlier this week. earlier this week. >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> I am so excited. I had forgotten, but we >> I am so excited. I had forgotten, but we >> I am so excited. I had forgotten, but we bought Ben & Jerry's Cookie Dough bought Ben & Jerry's Cookie Dough bought Ben & Jerry's Cookie Dough earlier this week because it was on sale earlier this week because it was on sale earlier this week because it was on sale and we thought we could like have a and we thought we could like have a and we thought we could like have a movie night and have Ben & Jerry's. So, movie night and have Ben & Jerry's. So, movie night and have Ben & Jerry's. So, we're going to watch The Drama with we're going to watch The Drama with we're going to watch The Drama with Zendaya and Robert Pattinson. I am so Zendaya and Robert Pattinson. I am so Zendaya and Robert Pattinson. I am so excited to watch it. I think I'm going excited to watch it. I think I'm going excited to watch it. I think I'm going to love it. I absolutely adore the to love it. I absolutely adore the to love it. I absolutely adore the actors and it's an A24 movie. I usually actors and it's an A24 movie. I usually actors and it's an A24 movie. I usually love all of their movies, so I'm quite love all of their movies, so I'm quite love all of their movies, so I'm quite excited. I'll tell you guys tomorrow excited. I'll tell you guys tomorrow excited. I'll tell you guys tomorrow what I think about it. If there's one what I think about it. If there's one what I think about it. If there's one thing that Matilda loves, it's Ben & thing that Matilda loves, it's Ben & thing that Matilda loves, it's Ben & Jerry's. And it's crazy because she Jerry's. And it's crazy because she Jerry's. And it's crazy because she recognizes the packaging even. She is so recognizes the packaging even. She is so recognizes the packaging even. She is so smart. smart. smart. We usually let her lick the top thingy, We usually let her lick the top thingy, We usually let her lick the top thingy, but never if we buy the Half Baked one but never if we buy the Half Baked one but never if we buy the Half Baked one because that one has chocolate. You because that one has chocolate. You because that one has chocolate. You know, it's just like tiny bit of ice know, it's just like tiny bit of ice know, it's just like tiny bit of ice cream. Um, cream. Um, cream. Um, I'm just waiting for her to jump up. I'm just waiting for her to jump up. I'm just waiting for her to jump up. She's like looking at me over here. She's like looking at me over here. She's like looking at me over here. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Just wait. She's going to come. >> Just wait. She's going to come. >> Just wait. She's going to come. I'm honestly shocked that Oh, there she I'm honestly shocked that Oh, there she I'm honestly shocked that Oh, there she is. is. is. Hello. And she's going to come very Hello. And she's going to come very Hello. And she's going to come very close. close. close. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. That is good. There she is. Mhm. That is good. There she is. Mhm. That is good. There she is. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> She's like [snorts] my bestie, you know. >> She's like [snorts] my bestie, you know. >> She's like [snorts] my bestie, you know. Hey. Aw, you are such a cutie pie. Aw, you are such a cutie pie. Aw, you are such a cutie pie. Mhm, [snorts] Mhm, [snorts] Mhm, [snorts] Ben & Jerry, yummy. Ben & Jerry, yummy. Ben & Jerry, yummy. Mhm, yummy num. Mhm, yummy num. Mhm, yummy num. >> [snorts] >> Good morning. I am currently making my >> Good morning. I am currently making my >> Good morning. I am currently making my homemade granola. I haven't made it in a homemade granola. I haven't made it in a homemade granola. I haven't made it in a while and I'm just really excited to be while and I'm just really excited to be while and I'm just really excited to be making it again because I bought this making it again because I bought this making it again because I bought this yogurt at the farmers' market and I yogurt at the farmers' market and I yogurt at the farmers' market and I really wanted to make like homemade really wanted to make like homemade really wanted to make like homemade granola. granola. granola. I met [snorts] the people that are the I met [snorts] the people that are the I met [snorts] the people that are the owners of this farm and they were owners of this farm and they were owners of this farm and they were genuinely like the sweetest people and genuinely like the sweetest people and genuinely like the sweetest people and they told me all about their farm and it they told me all about their farm and it they told me all about their farm and it was really inspiring. So, honestly, I was really inspiring. So, honestly, I was really inspiring. So, honestly, I want to go more often to the farmers' want to go more often to the farmers' want to go more often to the farmers' market and buy like good products and market and buy like good products and market and buy like good products and produce. So, I got produce. So, I got produce. So, I got beef bone broth that I wanted to try beef bone broth that I wanted to try beef bone broth that I wanted to try out. You guys know I love bone broth, out. You guys know I love bone broth, out. You guys know I love bone broth, but it can be quite time-consuming to but it can be quite time-consuming to but it can be quite time-consuming to make it, so it's nice to be able to buy make it, so it's nice to be able to buy make it, so it's nice to be able to buy it at the farmers' market and then, of it at the farmers' market and then, of it at the farmers' market and then, of course, course, course, some eggs. some eggs. some eggs. And then, I discovered this kombucha. I And then, I discovered this kombucha. I And then, I discovered this kombucha. I just thought it [snorts] looked really just thought it [snorts] looked really just thought it [snorts] looked really beautiful. I actually didn't get to try beautiful. I actually didn't get to try beautiful. I actually didn't get to try it, but since Helg and I don't drink it, but since Helg and I don't drink it, but since Helg and I don't drink alcohol, I thought this could be fun to alcohol, I thought this could be fun to alcohol, I thought this could be fun to like bring to the park or something when like bring to the park or something when like bring to the park or something when you're having a little picnic. This is you're having a little picnic. This is you're having a little picnic. This is probably going to be so so tasty. Okay, probably going to be so so tasty. Okay, probably going to be so so tasty. Okay, but I'm going to make my delicious but I'm going to make my delicious but I'm going to make my delicious granola now. And honestly guys, if granola now. And honestly guys, if granola now. And honestly guys, if you're still buying granola at the you're still buying granola at the you're still buying granola at the store, you are missing out because store, you are missing out because store, you are missing out because homemade granola is way better and it's homemade granola is way better and it's homemade granola is way better and it's so nice because you can basically just so nice because you can basically just so nice because you can basically just throw in whatever you have at home. So, throw in whatever you have at home. So, throw in whatever you have at home. So, I'm going to put some almonds, walnuts, I'm going to put some almonds, walnuts, I'm going to put some almonds, walnuts, pumpkin seeds, flax seeds, coconut pumpkin seeds, flax seeds, coconut pumpkin seeds, flax seeds, coconut flakes. I'm just going to put a bunch of flakes. I'm just going to put a bunch of flakes. I'm just going to put a bunch of stuff in there and it's stuff in there and it's stuff in there and it's delish. >> [snorts] >> I'm going to be a bit bougie, so I'm >> I'm going to be a bit bougie, so I'm >> I'm going to be a bit bougie, so I'm going to add some vanilla bean into the going to add some vanilla bean into the going to add some vanilla bean into the coconut oil. It's going to taste so coconut oil. It's going to taste so coconut oil. It's going to taste so good. >> [music] >> How did you just make me some iced >> How did you just make me some iced >> How did you just make me some iced coffee? We're going to go for a walk coffee? We're going to go for a walk coffee? We're going to go for a walk with our stepson. They go. We've started with our stepson. They go. We've started with our stepson. They go. We've started calling him our stepson. It's the dog calling him our stepson. It's the dog calling him our stepson. It's the dog that we've been dog sitting. Eh, but that we've been dog sitting. Eh, but that we've been dog sitting. Eh, but yeah, we've been walking him quite a bit yeah, we've been walking him quite a bit yeah, we've been walking him quite a bit and he is he is so special. I adore him. and he is he is so special. I adore him. and he is he is so special. I adore him. But yeah, I wanted to tell you guys my But yeah, I wanted to tell you guys my But yeah, I wanted to tell you guys my thoughts on the drama. Oh my goodness, thoughts on the drama. Oh my goodness, thoughts on the drama. Oh my goodness, it was very unexpected. I had no clue it was very unexpected. I had no clue it was very unexpected. I had no clue what the movie was about. Eh, I hadn't what the movie was about. Eh, I hadn't what the movie was about. Eh, I hadn't seen the trailer, which I think made it seen the trailer, which I think made it seen the trailer, which I think made it even more fun for me because it was just even more fun for me because it was just even more fun for me because it was just quite disturbing this movie, but I just quite disturbing this movie, but I just quite disturbing this movie, but I just really love A24. They just love to really love A24. They just love to really love A24. They just love to surprise you with like the most surprise you with like the most surprise you with like the most unexpected things happening. I don't unexpected things happening. I don't unexpected things happening. I don't know, I thought this movie was going to know, I thought this movie was going to know, I thought this movie was going to be about like them getting married and be about like them getting married and be about like them getting married and just like maybe some relationship just like maybe some relationship just like maybe some relationship complications or something. Eh, but complications or something. Eh, but complications or something. Eh, but little did I know. little did I know. little did I know. I rated the movie four out of five on my I rated the movie four out of five on my I rated the movie four out of five on my letterboxd. I honestly really enjoyed letterboxd. I honestly really enjoyed letterboxd. I honestly really enjoyed it. I kind of like movies that are weird it. I kind of like movies that are weird it. I kind of like movies that are weird and just kind of get under your skin in and just kind of get under your skin in and just kind of get under your skin in a way. They're just a little bit a way. They're just a little bit a way. They're just a little bit unexpected. This one was definitely unexpected. This one was definitely unexpected. This one was definitely quite disturbing, but yeah, I would quite disturbing, but yeah, I would quite disturbing, but yeah, I would highly recommend watching it. I really highly recommend watching it. I really highly recommend watching it. I really enjoyed the cinematography. I loved enjoyed the cinematography. I loved enjoyed the cinematography. I loved Robert Pattinson and Zendaya and the Robert Pattinson and Zendaya and the Robert Pattinson and Zendaya and the overall vibe, but it is kind of messed overall vibe, but it is kind of messed overall vibe, but it is kind of messed up, so just be prepared. up, so just be prepared. up, so just be prepared. But anyways, it's going to be nice with But anyways, it's going to be nice with But anyways, it's going to be nice with a little walk. I've been sorting out a little walk. I've been sorting out a little walk. I've been sorting out some stuff and we haven't really gone some stuff and we haven't really gone some stuff and we haven't really gone outside. So, we're going to go for a outside. So, we're going to go for a outside. So, we're going to go for a little walk. I feel like I'm just so little walk. I feel like I'm just so little walk. I feel like I'm just so like tired in the face. like tired in the face. like tired in the face. Maybe it's because my eyelashes are just Maybe it's because my eyelashes are just Maybe it's because my eyelashes are just flat. It just makes me a little bit flat. It just makes me a little bit flat. It just makes me a little bit sleepy. I don't know. [snorts] sleepy. I don't know. [snorts] sleepy. I don't know. [snorts] Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Hi. Wow. Hi. Wow. Hi. Wow. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> I recently [music] got this >> I recently [music] got this >> I recently [music] got this hoodie, and it says 77. And Helgi just hoodie, and it says 77. And Helgi just hoodie, and it says 77. And Helgi just told me it's uh his football jersey told me it's uh his football jersey told me it's uh his football jersey number that he used to like wear his number that he used to like wear his number that he used to like wear his whole childhood. [music] whole childhood. [music] whole childhood. [music] >> And my basketball jersey as well. >> And my basketball jersey as well. >> And my basketball jersey as well. >> Oh my gosh. So, it's like it's even more >> Oh my gosh. So, it's like it's even more >> Oh my gosh. So, it's like it's even more special to me now. >> [music]