It rained in Buenos Aires yesterday. It rained in Buenos Aires yesterday. It rained in Buenos Aires yesterday. Yes, it's a good thing I lived alone. Yes, it's a good thing I lived alone. Yes, it's a good thing I lived alone. Definitely [music] Definitely [music] Definitely [music] comes out every egg the killer of stupidity. comes out every egg the killer of stupidity. comes out every egg the killer of stupidity. Purito to try.  [laughs] Purito to try.  [laughs] Purito to try.  [laughs] You smell. I'm just trying to get back You smell. I'm just trying to get back You smell. I'm just trying to get back to myself.   I don't know .  That's just how I am.  [laughter] Suárez shows us his girlfriend for the first time Suárez shows us his girlfriend for the first time Suárez shows us his girlfriend for the first time .  Yes, the pots and suddenly .  Yes, the pots and suddenly .  Yes, the pots and suddenly something with the girlfriend again.  By the way, something with the girlfriend again.  By the way, something with the girlfriend again.  By the way, past the point of soft crochet.  Lots of bandanas.   I crochet.  Lots of bandanas.   I crochet.  Lots of bandanas.   I grew to love the hot match.  And my house is cold, guys. Stay without listening to anything.  Let Stay without listening to anything.  Let Stay without listening to anything.  Let your thoughts go blank for a while.   I've been so your thoughts go blank for a while.   I've been so your thoughts go blank for a while.   I've been so fed up with watching TikTok for days fed up with watching TikTok for days fed up with watching TikTok for days because my TikTok is full of because my TikTok is full of because my TikTok is full of toxic, pathetic people.  Every idiot comes out toxic, pathetic people.  Every idiot comes out toxic, pathetic people.  Every idiot comes out talking about every negative egg.  Okay, I do talking about every negative egg.  Okay, I do talking about every negative egg.  Okay, I do n't want to hear from you anymore.  I don't care about n't want to hear from you anymore.  I don't care about n't want to hear from you anymore.  I don't care about the baby helmet, or if the the baby helmet, or if the the baby helmet, or if the outfit is skinny, or if the hamburger is bad. I don't care, I'm not outfit is skinny, or if the hamburger is bad. I don't care, I'm not outfit is skinny, or if the hamburger is bad. I don't care, I'm not interested, I don't want to see it, I'm interested, I don't want to see it, I'm interested, I don't want to see it, I'm fed up.  So he's literally watching fed up.  So he's literally watching fed up.  So he's literally watching TikTok, I have it on autopilot so it keeps TikTok, I have it on autopilot so it keeps TikTok, I have it on autopilot so it keeps scrolling and every video that comes up is scrolling and every video that comes up is scrolling and every video that comes up is worse than the last.  I think I worse than the last.  I think I worse than the last.  I think I also need to adapt my for you page.   It's also need to adapt my for you page.   It's also need to adapt my for you page.   It's really bad, but I told you, no, I'm going to really bad, but I told you, no, I'm going to really bad, but I told you, no, I'm going to put music on the TV and that's it. put music on the TV and that's it. put music on the TV and that's it. volume more or less so that you volume more or less so that you volume more or less so that you half-hated in the background.  I took a bath without half-hated in the background.  I took a bath without half-hated in the background.  I took a bath without music, without TikTok, without absolutely music, without TikTok, without absolutely music, without TikTok, without absolutely anything.  And some people might anything.  And some people might anything.  And some people might think it's stupid because there are many think it's stupid because there are many think it's stupid because there are many people who are used to doing people who are used to doing people who are used to doing that.  I mean, I want you to know that I take a that.  I mean, I want you to know that I take a that.  I mean, I want you to know that I take a shower and put my phone on shower and put my phone on shower and put my phone on automatic TikTok and watch TikTok. automatic TikTok and watch TikTok. automatic TikTok and watch TikTok. How terrible, right?  How awful.  Or I How terrible, right?  How awful.  Or I How terrible, right?  How awful.  Or I put on music.  I showered like that without anything on put on music.  I showered like that without anything on put on music.  I showered like that without anything on because I was going to shower quickly, bro.  I came up with because I was going to shower quickly, bro.  I came up with because I was going to shower quickly, bro.  I came up with a great video idea a great video idea a great video idea while I was taking a bath, I while I was taking a bath, I while I was taking a bath, I literally looked cute and I recorded it literally looked cute and I recorded it literally looked cute and I recorded it all in notes because otherwise I'm obviously going all in notes because otherwise I'm obviously going all in notes because otherwise I'm obviously going to forget it.  Take a moment to clear your mind to forget it.  Take a moment to clear your mind to forget it.  Take a moment to clear your mind and get away from the toxicity of the and get away from the toxicity of the and get away from the toxicity of the world.  I feel like the internet is so world.  I feel like the internet is so world.  I feel like the internet is so awful, everything is so frustrating. awful, everything is so frustrating. awful, everything is so frustrating. Smile at life for a while.  That's how it's been Smile at life for a while.  That's how it's been Smile at life for a while.  That's how it's been faked, bro.  The smile sends signals to your faked, bro.  The smile sends signals to your faked, bro.  The smile sends signals to your brain.   I'm going to brain.   I'm going to brain.   I'm going to ignore myself because I'm going to ignore myself because I'm going to ignore myself because I'm going to put on some background music, but it's put on some background music, but it's put on some background music, but it's because I want energy. because I want energy. because I want energy. while I get dressed to record, because I have to while I get dressed to record, because I have to while I get dressed to record, because I have to record. [singing][music] I made some arepas.  My arepas look like this I made some arepas.  My arepas look like this I made some arepas.  My arepas look like this because I add chia seeds to the mixture. I was reading my brief.  I'm going to record.  It reading my brief.  I'm going to record.  It reading my brief.  I'm going to record.  It rained in Buenos Aires yesterday. rained in Buenos Aires yesterday. rained in Buenos Aires yesterday. Yeah, it's great that I'm finally alone today Yeah, it's great that I'm finally alone today Yeah, it's great that I'm finally alone today , brother.  I was , brother.  I was , brother.  I was recording a video about Purito cream, recording a video about Purito cream, recording a video about Purito cream, and this is not an advertisement.  Okay, and this is not an advertisement.  Okay, and this is not an advertisement.  Okay, this is here on YouTube, nothing.  But while I this is here on YouTube, nothing.  But while I this is here on YouTube, nothing.  But while I was recording, I kept putting it was recording, I kept putting it was recording, I kept putting it on my upper body like this on my upper body like this on my upper body like this because that's where it was visible on screen, and I because that's where it was visible on screen, and I because that's where it was visible on screen, and I couldn't just put it away and not couldn't just put it away and not couldn't just put it away and not put it on my legs.  I mean, I put it on my legs.  I mean, I put it on my legs.  I mean, I 'm being very serious about 'm being very serious about 'm being very serious about this cream.  I don't know if I can tell you. Yes, it looks this cream.  I don't know if I can tell you. Yes, it looks this cream.  I don't know if I can tell you. Yes, it looks great.  I'm going to record my great.  I'm going to record my great.  I'm going to record my leg right now, not for YouTube, but for the leg right now, not for YouTube, but for the leg right now, not for YouTube, but for the video.  But what I'm telling you about my video.  But what I'm telling you about my video.  But what I'm telling you about my leg looking white, like it's dry, leg looking white, like it's dry, leg looking white, like it's dry, is like white powder and it's just dead, is like white powder and it's just dead, is like white powder and it's just dead, dry skin.  How awful.  It's like dry skin.  How awful.  It's like dry skin.  How awful.  It's like when my skin is stretched, it itches.  That had when my skin is stretched, it itches.  That had when my skin is stretched, it itches.  That had never happened to me before, never happened to me before, never happened to me before, honestly.  I've never had honestly.  I've never had honestly.  I've never had dry skin.  But well, dry skin.  But well, dry skin.  But well, fortunately it started happening to me with fortunately it started happening to me with fortunately it started happening to me with all this heat stuff over in all this heat stuff over in all this heat stuff over in Europe and I just happened to really Europe and I just happened to really Europe and I just happened to really love this cream.  Problem, love this cream.  Problem, love this cream.  Problem, very divine solution.  I already put it very divine solution.  I already put it very divine solution.  I already put it all over my upper body and I don't feel a thing, all over my upper body and I don't feel a thing, all over my upper body and I don't feel a thing, but it didn't even stick to you guys.  I swear to you but it didn't even stick to you guys.  I swear to you but it didn't even stick to you guys.  I swear to you , this is not an , this is not an , this is not an advertisement.  You know that on YouTube I advertisement.  You know that on YouTube I advertisement.  You know that on YouTube I do whatever I want, and besides, it's do whatever I want, and besides, it's do whatever I want, and besides, it's super lightweight, so I can wear it super lightweight, so I can wear it super lightweight, so I can wear it on my face while I'm dealing with the breakout on my face while I'm dealing with the breakout on my face while I'm dealing with the breakout because, well, what we want is not to have so because, well, what we want is not to have so because, well, what we want is not to have so much heaviness, and this is super lightweight.  Okay. much heaviness, and this is super lightweight.  Okay. much heaviness, and this is super lightweight.  Okay. Look, I want to Look, I want to Look, I want to film my other leg so it looks film my other leg so it looks film my other leg so it looks like the white I'm talking about, like the white I'm talking about, like the white I'm talking about, so I can't put it on.  I need to so I can't put it on.  I need to so I can't put it on.  I need to wash my hands.  X. wash my hands.  X. wash my hands.  X. What the [ __ ].  I mean, What the [ __ ].  I mean, What the [ __ ].  I mean, I'm still grateful to all I'm still grateful to all I'm still grateful to all the brands that already send me things, but the brands that already send me things, but the brands that already send me things, but when new brands arrive, brands when new brands arrive, brands when new brands arrive, brands that didn't send me things before, it's like, they that didn't send me things before, it's like, they that didn't send me things before, it's like, they sent me my avocado contour from sent me my avocado contour from sent me my avocado contour from Kills. Kills. Kills. Armani sent me some blushes that I tried on and Armani sent me some blushes that I tried on and Armani sent me some blushes that I tried on and wore.  Wow, that's incredible.  This wore.  Wow, that's incredible.  This wore.  Wow, that's incredible.  This is a beautiful fabric box containing is a beautiful fabric box containing is a beautiful fabric box containing Valentino perfumes.  No, they're not Valentino perfumes.  No, they're not Valentino perfumes.  No, they're not perfumes, they're like the ones they released.   I perfumes, they're like the ones they released.   I perfumes, they're like the ones they released.   I have a lot of things that Too Faced have a lot of things that Too Faced have a lot of things that Too Faced sent me again.  L'Oral sent me sent me again.  L'Oral sent me sent me again.  L'Oral sent me exactly the mascaras exactly the mascaras exactly the mascaras I wanted.  This, which I was also about to I wanted.  This, which I was also about to I wanted.  This, which I was also about to buy at Sepphora, they buy at Sepphora, they buy at Sepphora, they sent it to me.  I mean, like, Oh, sent it to me.  I mean, like, Oh, sent it to me.  I mean, like, Oh, wow.  Skin 04's azelaic acid. I'd seen it mentioned so much wow.  Skin 04's azelaic acid. I'd seen it mentioned so much wow.  Skin 04's azelaic acid. I'd seen it mentioned so much on TikTok and I'm dying on TikTok and I'm dying on TikTok and I'm dying to try it.  They to try it.  They to try it.  They sent it to me. sent it to me. sent it to me. No. And obviously don't think that No. And obviously don't think that No. And obviously don't think that you're being left behind.  Do you remember you're being left behind.  Do you remember you're being left behind.  Do you remember the blog I made before I went on my trip the blog I made before I went on my trip the blog I made before I went on my trip where I put together several boxes to where I put together several boxes to where I put together several boxes to give you things as gifts? All of this is for you, all of it. All of this is for you, all of it. All of this is for you, all of it. Humberto and I Humberto and I Humberto and I spoke with the brand after Coachella to ask them for spoke with the brand after Coachella to ask them for spoke with the brand after Coachella to ask them for several things so we could give them to you, and several things so we could give them to you, and several things so we could give them to you, and well, after a long time they just well, after a long time they just well, after a long time they just arrived, but all of that is for arrived, but all of that is for arrived, but all of that is for you.  Obviously not just that, I'm you.  Obviously not just that, I'm you.  Obviously not just that, I'm going to mix it with all the 500,000 going to mix it with all the 500,000 going to mix it with all the 500,000 things I have there and nothing to things I have there and nothing to things I have there and nothing to repay so much love.  Honestly, repay so much love.  Honestly, repay so much love.  Honestly, I know that you sometimes watch my videos I know that you sometimes watch my videos I know that you sometimes watch my videos and would like to try many of the things and would like to try many of the things and would like to try many of the things I show you, because I was 100% I show you, because I was 100% I show you, because I was 100% the person on the other side.  I mean, I the person on the other side.  I mean, I the person on the other side.  I mean, I also watched too many videos on the also watched too many videos on the also watched too many videos on the internet and I was dying to try everything.  For the internet and I was dying to try everything.  For the internet and I was dying to try everything.  For the same reason, I also know that the whole same reason, I also know that the whole same reason, I also know that the whole raffle thing is like, "Oh, I'm not going to win," or " raffle thing is like, "Oh, I'm not going to win," or " raffle thing is like, "Oh, I'm not going to win," or " Oh, it's too likely," or whatever. Oh, it's too likely," or whatever. Oh, it's too likely," or whatever. This is literally for you here on This is literally for you here on This is literally for you here on YouTube.  Nothing crazy, I mean, YouTube.  Nothing crazy, I mean, YouTube.  Nothing crazy, I mean, we'll figure out the dynamics, but it's we'll figure out the dynamics, but it's we'll figure out the dynamics, but it's probably because, I don't know, we'll get it from probably because, I don't know, we'll get it from probably because, I don't know, we'll get it from all the blog comments all the blog comments all the blog comments , you know?  Nothing , you know?  Nothing , you know?  Nothing extraordinary, it's just that if you're a extraordinary, it's just that if you're a extraordinary, it's just that if you're a person who always comments, if you're a person who always comments, if you're a person who always comments, if you're a person who's always there, then person who's always there, then person who's always there, then thank you.  We have several opportunities thank you.  We have several opportunities thank you.  We have several opportunities to reach several people, and to reach several people, and to reach several people, and that makes me very happy.  And I want to cry already, that makes me very happy.  And I want to cry already, that makes me very happy.  And I want to cry already, but I have things to record, so I'm but I have things to record, so I'm but I have things to record, so I'm going to wash my face because I already put on going to wash my face because I already put on going to wash my face because I already put on blush and lipstick and something else and I'm going to blush and lipstick and something else and I'm going to blush and lipstick and something else and I'm going to record skincare, so I can't be wearing record skincare, so I can't be wearing record skincare, so I can't be wearing makeup.  That's crazy, really. makeup.  That's crazy, really. makeup.  That's crazy, really. Mu. I Mu. I Mu. I mean, it's a thing that I haven't mean, it's a thing that I haven't mean, it's a thing that I haven't met anyone who isn't an met anyone who isn't an met anyone who isn't an actor who tells me, "Girl, you've got actor who tells me, "Girl, you've got actor who tells me, "Girl, you've got something there, you know?"  Yes, they something there, you know?"  Yes, they something there, you know?"  Yes, they put that camera on Yumi, said put that camera on Yumi, said put that camera on Yumi, said that production, and that production, and that production, and I'm here waiting for a I'm here waiting for a I'm here waiting for a face mask to dry while face mask to dry while face mask to dry while actress mommy is doing everything. actress mommy is doing everything. actress mommy is doing everything. Sure, that Yomi production was like Sure, that Yomi production was like Sure, that Yomi production was like the glass with respect to an idea I the glass with respect to an idea I the glass with respect to an idea I had, I had to had, I had to had, I had to let a mask dry for a let a mask dry for a let a mask dry for a while and an hour went by because while and an hour went by because while and an hour went by because the girl wanted to make the the girl wanted to make the the girl wanted to make the most of the time and I said, "Well, nothing, while this most of the time and I said, "Well, nothing, while this most of the time and I said, "Well, nothing, while this dries, I'll edit the other one and dries, I'll edit the other one and dries, I'll edit the other one and an hour went by and I finished editing it in an hour went by and I finished editing it in an hour went by and I finished editing it in an hour."  The truth is that it was quite an hour."  The truth is that it was quite an hour."  The truth is that it was quite fast, but the video was edited, and the mask was fast, but the video was edited, and the mask was fast, but the video was edited, and the mask was more than dry.  I'm going to finish the other more than dry.  I'm going to finish the other more than dry.  I'm going to finish the other video.  Oh.  Ah, it's not that I am, I mean, video.  Oh.  Ah, it's not that I am, I mean, video.  Oh.  Ah, it's not that I am, I mean, but the height of stupidity.  Can you but the height of stupidity.  Can you but the height of stupidity.  Can you believe I spent like an hour, I believe I spent like an hour, I believe I spent like an hour, I told you, editing the video, waiting for told you, editing the video, waiting for told you, editing the video, waiting for the product to dry because it's the product to dry because it's the product to dry because it's supposed to be a face mask.  Well no. supposed to be a face mask.  Well no. supposed to be a face mask.  Well no. I used the wrong product.   The I used the wrong product.   The I used the wrong product.   The whole time I've had that whole time I've had that whole time I've had that product, I've always thought of it as a product, I've always thought of it as a product, I've always thought of it as a face mask, and I see people putting it on face mask, and I see people putting it on face mask, and I see people putting it on and then taking it off at night and then taking it off at night and then taking it off at night or taking it off the next day, and it's or taking it off the next day, and it's or taking it off the next day, and it's the best.  And I had already tried it the best.  And I had already tried it the best.  And I had already tried it several times, it wouldn't dry for me and I several times, it wouldn't dry for me and I several times, it wouldn't dry for me and I kept saying, "I don't understand, I don't understand, it won't kept saying, "I don't understand, I don't understand, it won't kept saying, "I don't understand, I don't understand, it won't dry for me, I have to put on more."  No, well, now that I'm dry for me, I have to put on more."  No, well, now that I'm dry for me, I have to put on more."  No, well, now that I'm recording the situation, I recording the situation, I recording the situation, I realize that it's simply not the right realize that it's simply not the right realize that it's simply not the right product.  I was confused product.  I was confused product.  I was confused because the packaging looks very similar because the packaging looks very similar because the packaging looks very similar and I spent like an hour, being stupid, all and I spent like an hour, being stupid, all and I spent like an hour, being stupid, all stuck together waiting for a stuck together waiting for a stuck together waiting for a product to dry that doesn't dry because that's not it product to dry that doesn't dry because that's not it product to dry that doesn't dry because that's not it .  The advantage is that my skin was left .  The advantage is that my skin was left .  The advantage is that my skin was left soft, I have to say.  No way, soft, I have to say.  No way, soft, I have to say.  No way, I'm having an allergic reaction.  I already took I'm having an allergic reaction.  I already took I'm having an allergic reaction.  I already took an antihistamine, now I'll have to take everything an antihistamine, now I'll have to take everything an antihistamine, now I'll have to take everything else.  Terrible.  I have the tissue here for my else.  Terrible.  I have the tissue here for my else.  Terrible.  I have the tissue here for my snot.  I don't know why I had such a bad snot.  I don't know why I had such a bad snot.  I don't know why I had such a bad allergic reaction.  I am editing and while I am allergic reaction.  I am editing and while I am allergic reaction.  I am editing and while I am editing. editing. editing. Yorg played a song here.  Ale released a Yorg played a song here.  Ale released a Yorg played a song here.  Ale released a song.  Well, I'm listening to them, song.  Well, I'm listening to them, song.  Well, I'm listening to them, [laughs] taking advantage of the fact that my video [laughs] taking advantage of the fact that my video [laughs] taking advantage of the fact that my video has no audio. I'm obsessed with those I'm obsessed with those I'm obsessed with those creamy eggs from Paris, and now every creamy eggs from Paris, and now every creamy eggs from Paris, and now every time I make eggs I try to make them turn out like that somehow time I make eggs I try to make them turn out like that somehow time I make eggs I try to make them turn out like that somehow . . . I saw on TikTok that the way to do it is I saw on TikTok that the way to do it is I saw on TikTok that the way to do it is with butter, but damn, I don't have any and with butter, but damn, I don't have any and with butter, but damn, I don't have any and I don't do the grocery shopping, dude.  I survive I don't do the grocery shopping, dude.  I survive I don't do the grocery shopping, dude.  I survive by ordering delivery from Farmato, and by ordering delivery from Farmato, and by ordering delivery from Farmato, and apparently Farmato doesn't sell apparently Farmato doesn't sell apparently Farmato doesn't sell butter. Choosing an outfit. Trends paused for a week Trends paused for a week Trends paused for a week . . . Look, I mean, by fit you mean Look, I mean, by fit you mean Look, I mean, by fit you mean surpass because those are the options it surpass because those are the options it surpass because those are the options it gives me.  I can have passion fruit, pistachio, gives me.  I can have passion fruit, pistachio, gives me.  I can have passion fruit, pistachio, dulce de leche and red berries. dulce de leche and red berries. dulce de leche and red berries. Okay, I don't know what I want to start Okay, I don't know what I want to start Okay, I don't know what I want to start basing my outfit on.  I have this one that I'd really like to basing my outfit on.  I have this one that I'd really like to basing my outfit on.  I have this one that I'd really like to wear.  It's very wear.  It's very wear.  It's very short.  And I also have two pairs of short.  And I also have two pairs of short.  And I also have two pairs of dress pants, one navy blue and one white, dress pants, one navy blue and one white, dress pants, one navy blue and one white, both from Arizia.   That both from Arizia.   That depends on how clean the depends on how clean the depends on how clean the top part is.  Let me top part is.  Let me top part is.  Let me see if they sell the whole thing see if they sell the whole thing see if they sell the whole thing because it only gives me enough for slime and it because it only gives me enough for slime and it because it only gives me enough for slime and it doesn't have doesn't have doesn't have the medium or the little piece, [ __ ].  It's the medium or the little piece, [ __ ].  It's the medium or the little piece, [ __ ].  It's just the two of us.  Uh-huh.  Let's see just the two of us.  Uh-huh.  Let's see just the two of us.  Uh-huh.  Let's see what I've cleaned up on top.  This little top what I've cleaned up on top.  This little top what I've cleaned up on top.  This little top would look really cute with these shorts.   I would look really cute with these shorts.   I would look really cute with these shorts.   I like him, I like him a lot.  Now like him, I like him a lot.  Now like him, I like him a lot.  Now everything will depend on what shoes she everything will depend on what shoes she everything will depend on what shoes she puts on and how they look.  It's probably the puts on and how they look.  It's probably the puts on and how they look.  It's probably the white mussels.  What else? white mussels.  What else? white mussels.  What else? What else?  What else?  What else?  Let's What else?  What else?  What else?  Let's What else?  What else?  What else?  Let's check the weather.  Wait for me.  I don't check the weather.  Wait for me.  I don't check the weather.  Wait for me.  I don't dislike it, but it's not what I'm dislike it, but it's not what I'm dislike it, but it's not what I'm looking for today.  So we're going looking for today.  So we're going looking for today.  So we're going to go with one of the to go with one of the to go with one of the dress pants, probably the blue one.  I don't know. dress pants, probably the blue one.  I don't know. dress pants, probably the blue one.  I don't know. I went back to the handros and I'm ready to I went back to the handros and I'm ready to I went back to the handros and I'm ready to eat.  Damn, this place is too eat.  Damn, this place is too eat.  Damn, this place is too rich.  It's part of Freefish.  I saw it rich.  It's part of Freefish.  I saw it rich.  It's part of Freefish.  I saw it on TikTok and didn't know where it on TikTok and didn't know where it on TikTok and didn't know where it was, but it's here.  Do you know what Frefish was, but it's here.  Do you know what Frefish was, but it's here.  Do you know what Frefish has?  Market.  Then upstairs there's a super has?  Market.  Then upstairs there's a super has?  Market.  Then upstairs there's a super restaurant and in the middle there's a restaurant and in the middle there's a restaurant and in the middle there's a more normal one. more normal one. more normal one. How are you? First tumor. Good morning.  Lately I always come Good morning.  Lately I always come Good morning.  Lately I always come and greet him at noon as if I were just getting up and greet him at noon as if I were just getting up and greet him at noon as if I were just getting up because I'm always because I'm always because I'm always in my pajamas.  But actually I woke up in my pajamas.  But actually I woke up in my pajamas.  But actually I woke up at 7 in the morning, edited a video, and at 7 in the morning, edited a video, and at 7 in the morning, edited a video, and scrolled on TikTok.  I actually had a scrolled on TikTok.  I actually had a scrolled on TikTok.  I actually had a coffee, I don't know, since I came back from Europe, coffee, I don't know, since I came back from Europe, coffee, I don't know, since I came back from Europe, my schedule is like this, I do my schedule is like this, I do my schedule is like this, I do n't go to bed that late and I'm wide awake at 7 in the n't go to bed that late and I'm wide awake at 7 in the n't go to bed that late and I'm wide awake at 7 in the morning.  I set morning.  I set morning.  I set my alarm for 8:30 and by 7 my alarm for 8:30 and by 7 my alarm for 8:30 and by 7 I'm already awake.  I love it, I'm already awake.  I love it, I'm already awake.  I love it, honestly, I'm not going to complain.  I'm honestly, I'm not going to complain.  I'm honestly, I'm not going to complain.  I'm waiting for Ori while I finish waiting for Ori while I finish waiting for Ori while I finish editing a video.  I'm just tidying up editing a video.  I'm just tidying up editing a video.  I'm just tidying up a bit and that's it, we're going to a schedule we a bit and that's it, we're going to a schedule we a bit and that's it, we're going to a schedule we have today.  Let me put you in a have today.  Let me put you in a have today.  Let me put you in a place because I don't want us to be here anymore place because I don't want us to be here anymore place because I don't want us to be here anymore because we have several things to record, because we have several things to record, because we have several things to record, all of them work-related.  Well, we have all of them work-related.  Well, we have all of them work-related.  Well, we have brands, we also have some videos brands, we also have some videos brands, we also have some videos for the agency, for Humberto's agency for the agency, for Humberto's agency for the agency, for Humberto's agency , my agency, well, we're going to , my agency, well, we're going to , my agency, well, we're going to do some things for a do some things for a do some things for a super cool profile, really.  There are some super cool profile, really.  There are some super cool profile, really.  There are some really cool ideas, but you'll really cool ideas, but you'll really cool ideas, but you'll see them later and we're going to record everything in the see them later and we're going to record everything in the see them later and we're going to record everything in the studio.  I like this, like every now and then studio.  I like this, like every now and then studio.  I like this, like every now and then I'm putting together a plan with I'm putting together a plan with I'm putting together a plan with Ori; having a videographer or cameraman Ori; having a videographer or cameraman Ori; having a videographer or cameraman would be ideal, but well, it's not always would be ideal, but well, it's not always would be ideal, but well, it's not always possible.  The truth is that I've been possible.  The truth is that I've been possible.  The truth is that I've been looking for a videographer here in looking for a videographer here in looking for a videographer here in Caracas for a long time who aligns with everything Caracas for a long time who aligns with everything Caracas for a long time who aligns with everything I want.  I'm looking.   I have I want.  I'm looking.   I have I want.  I'm looking.   I have n't reached that point yet.  I n't reached that point yet.  I n't reached that point yet.  I 've written to Ori a few times, but well, they haven't 've written to Ori a few times, but well, they haven't 've written to Ori a few times, but well, they haven't answered us yet for about answered us yet for about answered us yet for about a month.  [laughs] I a month.  [laughs] I a month.  [laughs] I don't know.  The point is that for now, don't know.  The point is that for now, don't know.  The point is that for now, Ori and I are solving this on our own.  Everything's Ori and I are solving this on our own.  Everything's Ori and I are solving this on our own.  Everything's pretty good.  I think Wesel's video turned out pretty good.  I think Wesel's video turned out pretty good.  I think Wesel's video turned out really nice.  There really nice.  There really nice.  There we are.  But I like to get out we are.  But I like to get out we are.  But I like to get out of my house from time to time.  I can't of my house from time to time.  I can't of my house from time to time.  I can't record everything in my studio, in my vanity, record everything in my studio, in my vanity, record everything in my studio, in my vanity, in my Enough is enough.  I need to take a shower, in my Enough is enough.  I need to take a shower, in my Enough is enough.  I need to take a shower, wash my face, I've already wash my face, I've already wash my face, I've already brushed my teeth, charge my camera, and pack my brushed my teeth, charge my camera, and pack my brushed my teeth, charge my camera, and pack my suitcase.  It's time and he's coming.  He comes right now, suitcase.  It's time and he's coming.  He comes right now, suitcase.  It's time and he's coming.  He comes right now, precisely to help me.  And precisely to help me.  And precisely to help me.  And we're leaving together from here.  Let's eat some we're leaving together from here.  Let's eat some we're leaving together from here.  Let's eat some eggs.  Suitcase packed.  We have a little eggs.  Suitcase packed.  We have a little eggs.  Suitcase packed.  We have a little while before we leave.  I'm while before we leave.  I'm while before we leave.  I'm putting away all my makeup because I'm putting away all my makeup because I'm putting away all my makeup because I'm going to do my makeup there for some videos we're going to do my makeup there for some videos we're going to do my makeup there for some videos we're going to record, but we're going to do the going to record, but we're going to do the going to record, but we're going to do the following.  I'm going to record it because it makes me following.  I'm going to record it because it makes me following.  I'm going to record it because it makes me laugh so much.  Or he feels sorry for her.  [laughs] I laugh so much.  Or he feels sorry for her.  [laughs] I laugh so much.  Or he feels sorry for her.  [laughs] I told Ori to make me a list told Ori to make me a list told Ori to make me a list of skincare things I needed so we could go grocery shopping, of skincare things I needed so we could go grocery shopping, of skincare things I needed so we could go grocery shopping, and Ori hadn't and Ori hadn't and Ori hadn't given it to me because she was embarrassed, but she given it to me because she was embarrassed, but she given it to me because she was embarrassed, but she gave it to me now, so we're going grocery shopping in my gave it to me now, so we're going grocery shopping in my gave it to me now, so we're going grocery shopping in my room.  I am literally the list here, room.  I am literally the list here, room.  I am literally the list here, like this. like this. like this. Eye contour.  Okay.  What do you feel Eye contour.  Okay.  What do you feel Eye contour.  Okay.  What do you feel you have in your eyes?  I'm a you have in your eyes?  I'm a you have in your eyes?  I'm a dermatologist here.  Do you want to hydrate?  Remove dermatologist here.  Do you want to hydrate?  Remove dermatologist here.  Do you want to hydrate?  Remove the color.  No, not color, but I mean, I the color.  No, not color, but I mean, I the color.  No, not color, but I mean, I feel like feel like feel like this area is always too marked and I know my face is like this this area is always too marked and I know my face is like this this area is always too marked and I know my face is like this , but I always look , but I always look , but I always look tired. tired. tired. The one I have, The one I have, The one I have, oh oh oh yeah, is from Medicube.  This one might yeah, is from Medicube.  This one might yeah, is from Medicube.  This one might work too because it has caffeine, work too because it has caffeine, work too because it has caffeine, but it also has retinol, and I don't know if it would be a bit but it also has retinol, and I don't know if it would be a bit risky to wear it during the day.  I think Pastora half- risky to wear it during the day.  I think Pastora half- risky to wear it during the day.  I think Pastora half- burned her face with this.  I don't know if you want to burned her face with this.  I don't know if you want to burned her face with this.  I don't know if you want to keep this.  [laughs] keep this.  [laughs] keep this.  [laughs] Ah, you've got makeo, [ __ ].  I was literally going Ah, you've got makeo, [ __ ].  I was literally going Ah, you've got makeo, [ __ ].  I was literally going to tell you that from this same Shikla campaign I had way too many to tell you that from this same Shikla campaign I had way too many blush products left over.  And what shades blush products left over.  And what shades blush products left over.  And what shades do you use for blush?   I like them like this do you use for blush?   I like them like this do you use for blush?   I like them like this , not so , not so , not so pink. pink. pink. It's very dark, It's very dark, It's very dark, very opaque.  Damn, how does this feel? very opaque.  Damn, how does this feel? very opaque.  Damn, how does this feel? Oh, it's cute.   It's kind of Oh, it's cute.   It's kind of Oh, it's cute.   It's kind of redder.  Or do you prefer the more redder.  Or do you prefer the more redder.  Or do you prefer the more opaque one? opaque one? opaque one? No, I prefer redder ones. No, I prefer redder ones. No, I prefer redder ones. Okay. Okay. Okay. What fun.  [laughs] What fun.  [laughs] What fun.  [laughs] Paper-type masks. Paper-type masks. Paper-type masks. Yes, Yes, Yes, but which ones?  Dude, do you want paper ones or but which ones?  Dude, do you want paper ones or but which ones?  Dude, do you want paper ones or the kind you sleep with? the kind you sleep with? the kind you sleep with? Uh, you have the kind that make you sleep, the kind that make you Uh, you have the kind that make you sleep, the kind that make you Uh, you have the kind that make you sleep, the kind that make you sleep sleep sleep soundly.  To test [laughs] soundly.  To test [laughs] soundly.  To test [laughs] that.  I think it's here.  It's because that's that.  I think it's here.  It's because that's that.  I think it's here.  It's because that's a campaign we just did, and I a campaign we just did, and I a campaign we just did, and I sent it to the group chat with all the sent it to the group chat with all the sent it to the group chat with all the guys and said, "Bro, guys and said, "Bro, guys and said, "Bro, this cream is too good, buy it and stuff." this cream is too good, buy it and stuff." this cream is too good, buy it and stuff." But Ori was the one who received the package, and But Ori was the one who received the package, and But Ori was the one who received the package, and Ori said they sent me like 40. [laughs] Ori said they sent me like 40. [laughs] Ori said they sent me like 40. [laughs] Yes. I feel like little kids I feel like little kids I feel like little kids waiting for the party favors to go to the waiting for the party favors to go to the waiting for the party favors to go to the birthday party. birthday party. birthday party. Okay, I'll make my own skin.  I'm Okay, I'll make my own skin.  I'm Okay, I'll make my own skin.  I'm starting to use starting to use starting to use Skin 04 azelaic acid, which I saw on TikTok was Skin 04 azelaic acid, which I saw on TikTok was Skin 04 azelaic acid, which I saw on TikTok was amazing, and I'll tell you that I've amazing, and I'll tell you that I've amazing, and I'll tell you that I've only used it twice and I noticed right away that only used it twice and I noticed right away that only used it twice and I noticed right away that my breakout subsided. The truth is that it's my breakout subsided. The truth is that it's my breakout subsided. The truth is that it's been much calmer, but been much calmer, but been much calmer, but obviously my skin isn't as amazing as it was obviously my skin isn't as amazing as it was obviously my skin isn't as amazing as it was before the breakout.  And this is before the breakout.  And this is before the breakout.  And this is where it was most prevalent, and where it was most prevalent, and where it was most prevalent, and now I only have little marks, now I only have little marks, now I only have little marks, but I hardly have the texture of the sprout but I hardly have the texture of the sprout but I hardly have the texture of the sprout anywhere. anywhere. anywhere. And before putting all this on, when I And before putting all this on, when I And before putting all this on, when I went to take a shower, I put on the reddish spray went to take a shower, I put on the reddish spray went to take a shower, I put on the reddish spray [clears throat] from Medik, which I've [clears throat] from Medik, which I've [clears throat] from Medik, which I've shown you 100 million times.  I'm going to shown you 100 million times.  I'm going to shown you 100 million times.  I'm going to put on this cream, which is the put on this cream, which is the put on this cream, which is the Purito Panthenol one.  I've been talking Purito Panthenol one.  I've been talking Purito Panthenol one.  I've been talking about this cream a lot lately, it's because I about this cream a lot lately, it's because I about this cream a lot lately, it's because I 'm really using it a lot and right now I'm 'm really using it a lot and right now I'm 'm really using it a lot and right now I'm putting a little bit of it on my shoulders. And I'm going to put on my KS eye cream And I'm going to put on my KS eye cream And I'm going to put on my KS eye cream .   I wo .   I wo .   I wo n't put on cell phone protector because, n't put on cell phone protector because, n't put on cell phone protector because, well, we're going to follow a pattern, so well, we're going to follow a pattern, so well, we're going to follow a pattern, so obviously I don't have obviously I don't have obviously I don't have flashbacks, so I won't flashbacks, so I won't flashbacks, so I won't put it on, even though these aren't put it on, even though these aren't put it on, even though these aren't professional photos, they're videos that we're going to professional photos, they're videos that we're going to professional photos, they're videos that we're going to record, like the ones I record here in record, like the ones I record here in record, like the ones I record here in my room.  We might take my room.  We might take my room.  We might take some photos afterwards, I don't know.  The point is, I'd some photos afterwards, I don't know.  The point is, I'd some photos afterwards, I don't know.  The point is, I'd rather avoid it. Blog.  We're a little late, but Blog.  We're a little late, but Blog.  We're a little late, but priorities are priorities.  We're going to priorities are priorities.  We're going to priorities are priorities.  We're going to buy Red Bull at Farma Todo.  What buy Red Bull at Farma Todo.  What buy Red Bull at Farma Todo.  What happened?  They don't sell sugar-free Red Bull here, happened?  They don't sell sugar-free Red Bull here, happened?  They don't sell sugar-free Red Bull here, only the regular kind . The ordeal I went through to get on The ordeal I went through to get on The ordeal I went through to get on the motorcycle in Brazil.  In other words, the only one. the motorcycle in Brazil.  In other words, the only one. the motorcycle in Brazil.  In other words, the only one. Never ridden a motorcycle. Never ridden a motorcycle. Never ridden a motorcycle. You've never ridden a motorcycle, [ __ ]. You've never ridden a motorcycle, [ __ ]. You've never ridden a motorcycle, [ __ ]. The only times I had ever ridden a The only times I had ever ridden a The only times I had ever ridden a motorcycle were with my uncles in Barinas, motorcycle were with my uncles in Barinas, motorcycle were with my uncles in Barinas, my mother's brothers.  They my mother's brothers.  They my mother's brothers.  They liked to show off their motorcycles and they took me for rides liked to show off their motorcycles and they took me for rides liked to show off their motorcycles and they took me for rides twice in my life around the twice in my life around the twice in my life around the block in front of my grandmother's house block in front of my grandmother's house block in front of my grandmother's house when I was little, and that's how it was, when I was little, and that's how it was, when I was little, and that's how it was, and they put me on the motorcycle, and they put me on the motorcycle, and they put me on the motorcycle, obviously.  And by the way, without being able to tell him to go to hell obviously.  And by the way, without being able to tell him to go to hell obviously.  And by the way, without being able to tell him to go to hell like, look, I don't know, I like, look, I don't know, I like, look, I don't know, I mean, no.  They obviously realized mean, no.  They obviously realized mean, no.  They obviously realized that I simply didn't know.  So, I'm like that I simply didn't know.  So, I'm like that I simply didn't know.  So, I'm like , I didn't know if I had to, I , I didn't know if I had to, I , I didn't know if I had to, I thought you'd put your foot thought you'd put your foot thought you'd put your foot somewhere to stand and climb up, but somewhere to stand and climb up, but somewhere to stand and climb up, but no, it no, it no, it turns out you didn't.  I mean, at turns out you didn't.  I mean, at turns out you didn't.  I mean, at least, thank God, dude, I know that least, thank God, dude, I know that least, thank God, dude, I know that motorcycle exhaust pipes burn motorcycle exhaust pipes burn motorcycle exhaust pipes burn hard, because otherwise, imagine if I'd hard, because otherwise, imagine if I'd hard, because otherwise, imagine if I'd put my foot on the exhaust pipe put my foot on the exhaust pipe put my foot on the exhaust pipe to get on. to get on. to get on. No, No, No, thank goodness.  I knew the thank goodness.  I knew the thank goodness.  I knew the type type type Laana.  Yes, exactly.  The mountain grass is Laana.  Yes, exactly.  The mountain grass is Laana.  Yes, exactly.  The mountain grass is melting and burning my foot.  Thankfully I didn't feel melting and burning my foot.  Thankfully I didn't feel melting and burning my foot.  Thankfully I didn't feel sorry for you, but like, it was just sorry for you, but like, it was just sorry for you, but like, it was just like, wow. like, wow. like, wow. You You You know that I already have my favorite dry shampoo know that I already have my favorite dry shampoo know that I already have my favorite dry shampoo , which is the one from K18, which I , which is the one from K18, which I , which is the one from K18, which I showed the other one. Well, ignore it if you see my showed the other one. Well, ignore it if you see my showed the other one. Well, ignore it if you see my makeup looking kind of weird, it's because it has to be makeup looking kind of weird, it's because it has to be makeup looking kind of weird, it's because it has to be visible on camera.  Pronts, which is visible on camera.  Pronts, which is visible on camera.  Pronts, which is a skincare brand, right? a skincare brand, right? a skincare brand, right? Korean hair care brand has just Korean hair care brand has just Korean hair care brand has just released a product that's quite similar released a product that's quite similar released a product that's quite similar because it claims to add volume and is a because it claims to add volume and is a because it claims to add volume and is a shampoo.   Uh-huh shampoo.   Uh-huh shampoo.   Uh-huh .  This one also has a little ball just like .  This one also has a little ball just like .  This one also has a little ball just like the other one. the other one. the other one. This spray is more subtle.  It smells like This spray is more subtle.  It smells like This spray is more subtle.  It smells like menthol. menthol. menthol. Yes, it Yes, it Yes, it smells like toothpaste.  It smells like smells like toothpaste.  It smells like smells like toothpaste.  It smells like mouthwash.   Uh-huh mouthwash.   Uh-huh mouthwash.   Uh-huh .   I .   I .   I mean, I want to think that it cleans your mean, I want to think that it cleans your mean, I want to think that it cleans your hair.  I don't know, I feel like I'm at the hair.  I don't know, I feel like I'm at the hair.  I don't know, I feel like I'm at the dentist, dentist, dentist, but I like the spray much more but I like the spray much more but I like the spray much more because it's much more useful. The K18 one is kind of because it's much more useful. The K18 one is kind of because it's much more useful. The K18 one is kind of intriguing me to see how my intriguing me to see how my intriguing me to see how my hair will look.  [music] I hope it goes well, hair will look.  [music] I hope it goes well, hair will look.  [music] I hope it goes well, because I have to record. because I have to record. because I have to record. The smell seems very strange.  I mean, it smells The smell seems very strange.  I mean, it smells The smell seems very strange.  I mean, it smells nice, obviously it smells like mint.  It smells like nice, obviously it smells like mint.  It smells like nice, obviously it smells like mint.  It smells like real mouthwash, but that's because I real mouthwash, but that's because I real mouthwash, but that's because I put mouthwash on my head.  Uh-huh.  It's put mouthwash on my head.  Uh-huh.  It's put mouthwash on my head.  Uh-huh.  It's turning into dust there.  I don't know if turning into dust there.  I don't know if turning into dust there.  I don't know if you see it.  I mean, my hair wasn't really you see it.  I mean, my hair wasn't really you see it.  I mean, my hair wasn't really dirty, but it dirty, but it dirty, but it could have looked a little better.  Do you know what I could have looked a little better.  Do you know what I could have looked a little better.  Do you know what I like?  This powder isn't like?  This powder isn't like?  This powder isn't white.  The K18 one, when it starts to white.  The K18 one, when it starts to white.  The K18 one, when it starts to turn into powder, turns half turn into powder, turns half turn into powder, turns half white.  When you stir it, you white.  When you stir it, you white.  When you stir it, you stir it.  When you blend it, you stir it.  When you blend it, you stir it.  When you blend it, you sew it on so it's not noticeable.  And I feel like I sew it on so it's not noticeable.  And I feel like I sew it on so it's not noticeable.  And I feel like I can do it with more can do it with more can do it with more confidence.  I inhaled all of this. confidence.  I inhaled all of this. confidence.  I inhaled all of this. I feel like the K18 one gives me more volume, I feel like the K18 one gives me more volume, I feel like the K18 one gives me more volume, but I like it this way because it doesn't look fake. but I like it this way because it doesn't look fake. but I like it this way because it doesn't look fake. The K18 one sometimes gives me so much volume The K18 one sometimes gives me so much volume The K18 one sometimes gives me so much volume that I don't know what to do with so much literal text. that I don't know what to do with so much literal text. that I don't know what to do with so much literal text. So, here it just looks like I So, here it just looks like I So, here it just looks like I dried my hair and that's it.  Already. dried my hair and that's it.  Already. dried my hair and that's it.  Already. Yes. Yes. Yes. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. And the smell fades in Thursday, right?  I mean, And the smell fades in Thursday, right?  I mean, And the smell fades in Thursday, right?  I mean, nobody's going to directly touch my hair, nobody's going to directly touch my hair, nobody's going to directly touch my hair, but if I'm walking by, do but if I'm walking by, do but if I'm walking by, do you smell dicks?   Does it you smell dicks?   Does it you smell dicks?   Does it smell like menthol to you?   It's like that again smell like menthol to you?   It's like that again smell like menthol to you?   It's like that again with the hair. with the hair. with the hair. No, but here it is.  We're going there. No, but here it is.  We're going there. No, but here it is.  We're going there. Let's go this way, the Let's go this way, the Let's go this way, the atmosphere over there is a mess. No, no, No, no, No, no, no [laughs] no [laughs] no [laughs] I loved it.  Subtle.  Let's see how it I loved it.  Subtle.  Let's see how it I loved it.  Subtle.  Let's see how it evolves over time.  [laughs] evolves over time.  [laughs] evolves over time.  [laughs] You record vogs every week.  What's You record vogs every week.  What's You record vogs every week.  What's the secret to staying consistent?   I the secret to staying consistent?   I the secret to staying consistent?   I mean, that's just how I am.  I don't know.  And I mean, that's just how I am.  I don't know.  And I mean, that's just how I am.  I don't know.  And I tell them, you just have to start tell them, you just have to start tell them, you just have to start doing things. Oh, I don't know, that's just how I am. I'm watching the YouTube premiere.   It's been I'm watching the YouTube premiere.   It's been I'm watching the YouTube premiere.   It's been too long since I've been involved with new too long since I've been involved with new too long since I've been involved with new releases, and I'm here loading up to releases, and I'm here loading up to releases, and I'm here loading up to make the cover.  Let me explain, to make the cover.  Let me explain, to make the cover.  Let me explain, to make my covers I have to upload all make my covers I have to upload all make my covers I have to upload all my clips to Capcot and I don't have enough my clips to Capcot and I don't have enough my clips to Capcot and I don't have enough storage on my computer storage on my computer storage on my computer lately, so they all upload to lately, so they all upload to lately, so they all upload to the cloud and it's a pain, so it takes forever the cloud and it's a pain, so it takes forever the cloud and it's a pain, so it takes forever to upload and forever and forever and forever to upload and forever and forever and forever to upload and forever and forever and forever and that's why, I mean, I would have already and that's why, I mean, I would have already and that's why, I mean, I would have already finished the cover if finished the cover if finished the cover if the clips would upload, but they don't.  It's the clips would upload, but they don't.  It's the clips would upload, but they don't.  It's like they're stuck in like they're stuck in like they're stuck in iCloud night mode, and no matter if my Wi-Fi is good iCloud night mode, and no matter if my Wi-Fi is good iCloud night mode, and no matter if my Wi-Fi is good or not, they won't load.  I think I'm going back to or not, they won't load.  I think I'm going back to or not, they won't load.  I think I'm going back to my old covers.  I think they my old covers.  I think they my old covers.  I think they represent a little more of what represent a little more of what represent a little more of what blogs are.  I mean, maybe my blogs are.  I mean, maybe my blogs are.  I mean, maybe my Instagram looks really wow, really clean, really Instagram looks really wow, really clean, really Instagram looks really wow, really clean, really neat, really such and such.  My YouTube channel isn't like that. neat, really such and such.  My YouTube channel isn't like that. neat, really such and such.  My YouTube channel isn't like that. My YouTube channel is more like my ugly bun that I wear in the My YouTube channel is more like my ugly bun that I wear in the My YouTube channel is more like my ugly bun that I wear in the shower and I'm catching my teeth in it. shower and I'm catching my teeth in it. shower and I'm catching my teeth in it. I connect more with the previous covers, I I connect more with the previous covers, I I connect more with the previous covers, I think.  I mean, these ones I'm making aren't think.  I mean, these ones I'm making aren't think.  I mean, these ones I'm making aren't bad at all, they're pretty, but bad at all, they're pretty, but bad at all, they're pretty, but I connect more with the previous ones.  I feel like they I connect more with the previous ones.  I feel like they I connect more with the previous ones.  I feel like they connect more with the vibe of the blog and I connect more with the vibe of the blog and I connect more with the vibe of the blog and I also think they are more eye-catching, to be also think they are more eye-catching, to be also think they are more eye-catching, to be honest.  Also, when I see them like that on honest.  Also, when I see them like that on honest.  Also, when I see them like that on YouTube, I'll go back to doing them the way I used to YouTube, I'll go back to doing them the way I used to YouTube, I'll go back to doing them the way I used to .  And I'm the one who came out, .  And I'm the one who came out, .  And I'm the one who came out, the blog with the photos with the blog with the photos with the blog with the photos with José came out and José hasn't taken these photos.  He's going José came out and José hasn't taken these photos.  He's going José came out and José hasn't taken these photos.  He's going to liquidate me.  But anyway, he said they were dating to liquidate me.  But anyway, he said they were dating to liquidate me.  But anyway, he said they were dating .  I entrusted a photo, but we're not going .  I entrusted a photo, but we're not going .  I entrusted a photo, but we're not going to tell you where or when it was taken.   It's to tell you where or when it was taken.   It's to tell you where or when it was taken.   It's really stressful when I'm in really stressful when I'm in really stressful when I'm in this stage where I delete everything I say this stage where I delete everything I say this stage where I delete everything I say , it frustrates me, and that's exactly what I , it frustrates me, and that's exactly what I , it frustrates me, and that's exactly what I want to talk to you about.  Good morning. want to talk to you about.  Good morning. want to talk to you about.  Good morning. [laughs] It's Monday already.  We have to [laughs] It's Monday already.  We have to [laughs] It's Monday already.  We have to close the blog, but I want to talk to close the blog, but I want to talk to close the blog, but I want to talk to you for a little while about these kinds of you for a little while about these kinds of you for a little while about these kinds of conversations.  If I had to choose, I'd conversations.  If I had to choose, I'd conversations.  If I had to choose, I'd rather do them by closing a blog than rather do them by closing a blog than rather do them by closing a blog than starting one.  I'm going through a difficult starting one.  I'm going through a difficult starting one.  I'm going through a difficult time, as you may have noticed. time, as you may have noticed. time, as you may have noticed. Number one, I'm in this situation Number one, I'm in this situation Number one, I'm in this situation where I say, I'll delete it, because it's better not to. where I say, I'll delete it, because it's better not to. where I say, I'll delete it, because it's better not to. Because what a nuisance, because they're going to say, Because what a nuisance, because they're going to say, Because what a nuisance, because they're going to say, because it's not new.  I mean, I think that because it's not new.  I mean, I think that because it's not new.  I mean, I think that over these, I don't know, 2 years, 2 and over these, I don't know, 2 years, 2 and over these, I don't know, 2 years, 2 and a bit years that we've been doing these blogs, they've a bit years that we've been doing these blogs, they've a bit years that we've been doing these blogs, they've realized that this is a phase realized that this is a phase realized that this is a phase that comes and goes.  It's complicated.  I feel that comes and goes.  It's complicated.  I feel that comes and goes.  It's complicated.  I feel like my social media is toxic, I mean, like my social media is toxic, I mean, like my social media is toxic, I mean, my TikTok is all like a public shaming, everything is my TikTok is all like a public shaming, everything is my TikTok is all like a public shaming, everything is a problem, everything is a "Yeah, yeah, a problem, everything is a "Yeah, yeah, a problem, everything is a "Yeah, yeah, seriously, how annoying."  I mean, to the point where I seriously, how annoying."  I mean, to the point where I seriously, how annoying."  I mean, to the point where I 'm not even watching 'm not even watching 'm not even watching TikTok that much, I'm watching Reels, because on my TikTok that much, I'm watching Reels, because on my TikTok that much, I'm watching Reels, because on my Reels I get Reels I get Reels I get content ideas that I like, content ideas that I like, content ideas that I like, nice things, ta ta ta ta, like people nice things, ta ta ta ta, like people nice things, ta ta ta ta, like people that I don't even know who they are, you that I don't even know who they are, you that I don't even know who they are, you know?  Like, suddenly, some crazy American girl is out there know?  Like, suddenly, some crazy American girl is out there know?  Like, suddenly, some crazy American girl is out there making a super making a super making a super beautiful blog.  Yes, that's all. beautiful blog.  Yes, that's all. beautiful blog.  Yes, that's all. None of the toxic content I see on None of the toxic content I see on None of the toxic content I see on TikTok is showing up here, so I'm watching Reels before TikTok is showing up here, so I'm watching Reels before TikTok is showing up here, so I'm watching Reels before bed.  And that brings us to the next point.   I'm bed.  And that brings us to the next point.   I'm bed.  And that brings us to the next point.   I'm falling, I want to tell you falling, I want to tell you falling, I want to tell you because it's something I don't know, it's not like it because it's something I don't know, it's not like it because it's something I don't know, it's not like it happens to some people, it's that I know it happens to some people, it's that I know it happens to some people, it's that I know it happens to most people. happens to most people. happens to most people. It's very common and I've never It's very common and I've never It's very common and I've never talked to them about this topic because I talk to them talked to them about this topic because I talk to them talked to them about this topic because I talk to them about my experiences and this hasn't been my about my experiences and this hasn't been my about my experiences and this hasn't been my experience, or at least not in experience, or at least not in experience, or at least not in recent years, and that's the issue of recent years, and that's the issue of recent years, and that's the issue of comparison.  I'm learning to deal comparison.  I'm learning to deal comparison.  I'm learning to deal with this.  I have spent many years being with this.  I have spent many years being with this.  I have spent many years being just myself and not looking to the sides.   It just myself and not looking to the sides.   It just myself and not looking to the sides.   It may stem a bit from the fact may stem a bit from the fact may stem a bit from the fact that lately I've been out of the that lately I've been out of the that lately I've been out of the country a lot, sharing a lot with more country a lot, sharing a lot with more country a lot, sharing a lot with more creators, more brands, more creators, more brands, more creators, more brands, more things.  I also spoke to them about this topic things.  I also spoke to them about this topic things.  I also spoke to them about this topic when I went to the event for the first time, on the when I went to the event for the first time, on the when I went to the event for the first time, on the first trip with Carolina Herrera, first trip with Carolina Herrera, first trip with Carolina Herrera, where I told them that this happened to me, that I felt where I told them that this happened to me, that I felt where I told them that this happened to me, that I felt bad, like I felt that I wasn't up to the bad, like I felt that I wasn't up to the bad, like I felt that I wasn't up to the level of certain things, and level of certain things, and level of certain things, and right now that doesn't happen to me in particular, right now that doesn't happen to me in particular, right now that doesn't happen to me in particular, but it does happen that I start to but it does happen that I start to but it does happen that I start to compare myself a lot, I mean, I start to compare myself a lot, I mean, I start to compare myself a lot, I mean, I start to question myself, I start to question question myself, I start to question question myself, I start to question many things that I am doing here many things that I am doing here many things that I am doing here in Venezuela. It is very common that in Venezuela. It is very common that in Venezuela. It is very common that suddenly when a creator, when an suddenly when a creator, when an suddenly when a creator, when an artist, when someone reaches a artist, when someone reaches a artist, when someone reaches a certain level, a certain point, certain level, a certain point, certain level, a certain point, they leave.  So here in Venezuela, it they leave.  So here in Venezuela, it they leave.  So here in Venezuela, it always seems like there are usually always seems like there are usually always seems like there are usually newer generations or fewer people. newer generations or fewer people. newer generations or fewer people. Look, I'm not saying there are few Look, I'm not saying there are few Look, I'm not saying there are few creators here, but if you look at any creators here, but if you look at any creators here, but if you look at any other country, there are other country, there are other country, there are too many people, too much competition too many people, too much competition too many people, too much competition in everything, not just creators, but in everything, not just creators, but in everything, not just creators, but brands too.  And here I feel that it's not the brands too.  And here I feel that it's not the brands too.  And here I feel that it's not the case.  And I got used to that.  I got case.  And I got used to that.  I got case.  And I got used to that.  I got used to simply having nowhere to used to simply having nowhere to used to simply having nowhere to look, I'm simply me.  That's it look, I'm simply me.  That's it look, I'm simply me.  That's it , which I think is quite , which I think is quite , which I think is quite positive, but well, I went out, I started seeing positive, but well, I went out, I started seeing positive, but well, I went out, I started seeing people I felt I could people I felt I could people I felt I could compare myself to.  Look, I'm not compare myself to.  Look, I'm not compare myself to.  Look, I'm not talking about envy or anything like that here, talking about envy or anything like that here, talking about envy or anything like that here, no.  Nothing to do with it.  You see one no.  Nothing to do with it.  You see one no.  Nothing to do with it.  You see one person and think, "Wow," and you say, "That's amazing person and think, "Wow," and you say, "That's amazing person and think, "Wow," and you say, "That's amazing what this person is doing," and it happens with what this person is doing," and it happens with what this person is doing," and it happens with one person, then another, then another, one person, then another, then another, one person, then another, then another, and suddenly you see a million people and suddenly you see a million people and suddenly you see a million people and think, "Wow, that's incredible what they're and think, "Wow, that's incredible what they're and think, "Wow, that's incredible what they're doing." And you question doing." And you question doing." And you question yourself. I think this is normal for yourself. I think this is normal for yourself. I think this is normal for human beings, honestly. It's just that, like I human beings, honestly. It's just that, like I human beings, honestly. It's just that, like I said, I wasn't used to this said, I wasn't used to this said, I wasn't used to this happening to me, and I'm learning to happening to me, and I'm learning to happening to me, and I'm learning to deal with it. I think it's a bit of deal with it. I think it's a bit of deal with it. I think it's a bit of trial and error. A good example of this trial and error. A good example of this trial and error. A good example of this is my YouTube channel art. I started is my YouTube channel art. I started is my YouTube channel art. I started changing it because I said, "Okay, no, hold on." changing it because I said, "Okay, no, hold on." changing it because I said, "Okay, no, hold on." Um, I prefer a certain aesthetic, I Um, I prefer a certain aesthetic, I Um, I prefer a certain aesthetic, I prefer certain things, or you know I prefer certain things, or you know I prefer certain things, or you know I 'm also a very stubborn, 'm also a very stubborn, 'm also a very stubborn, very crazy person who needs everything to evolve.   I very crazy person who needs everything to evolve.   I very crazy person who needs everything to evolve.   I mean, in the time we've been mean, in the time we've been mean, in the time we've been doing vog here, they've noticed, but doing vog here, they've noticed, but doing vog here, they've noticed, but the level of change and the level of change and the level of change and evolution that occurs every so evolution that occurs every so evolution that occurs every so often, the editing, the way of recording, often, the editing, the way of recording, often, the editing, the way of recording, everything.  And then I looked at them and everything.  And then I looked at them and everything.  And then I looked at them and honestly I like my old covers better honestly I like my old covers better honestly I like my old covers better .  I like my old covers better, .  I like my old covers better, .  I like my old covers better, and that's it. I'll go back to doing them the and that's it. I'll go back to doing them the and that's it. I'll go back to doing them the way I used to, and that's it.  Maybe way I used to, and that's it.  Maybe way I used to, and that's it.  Maybe evolving them a little, but I evolving them a little, but I evolving them a little, but I start thinking about why I wanted to change them start thinking about why I wanted to change them start thinking about why I wanted to change them and I think it was because I was a little invaded and I think it was because I was a little invaded and I think it was because I was a little invaded by that whole world like super Asterix, by that whole world like super Asterix, by that whole world like super Asterix, super beautiful.  That's not my YouTube.  Maybe super beautiful.  That's not my YouTube.  Maybe super beautiful.  That's not my YouTube.  Maybe in Paris, yes, because Paris is kind of in Paris, yes, because Paris is kind of in Paris, yes, because Paris is kind of more okay.  But that doesn't reflect what more okay.  But that doesn't reflect what more okay.  But that doesn't reflect what my blogs are about.  My blogs are approachable, my blogs are about.  My blogs are approachable, my blogs are about.  My blogs are approachable, they are fun, they are organic, they are not they are fun, they are organic, they are not they are fun, they are organic, they are not gross.  And I don't intend gross.  And I don't intend gross.  And I don't intend for them to be either.  Obviously, I'm for them to be either.  Obviously, I'm for them to be either.  Obviously, I'm against all the cute stuff; everyone wants against all the cute stuff; everyone wants against all the cute stuff; everyone wants their videos to look pretty, but their videos to look pretty, but their videos to look pretty, but that's not my aesthetic. that's not my aesthetic. that's not my aesthetic. Nothing bad has happened here, no, I'm not Nothing bad has happened here, no, I'm not Nothing bad has happened here, no, I'm not judging myself, but I am becoming judging myself, but I am becoming judging myself, but I am becoming aware that I am questioning aware that I am questioning aware that I am questioning everything I see around me.   I everything I see around me.   I everything I see around me.   I simply have to, simply have to, simply have to, as I've said 500,000 times, learn how to as I've said 500,000 times, learn how to as I've said 500,000 times, learn how to handle it.  And in the end, that's not so bad.  I handle it.  And in the end, that's not so bad.  I handle it.  And in the end, that's not so bad.  I mean, I'd always wanted to challenge myself, to mean, I'd always wanted to challenge myself, to mean, I'd always wanted to challenge myself, to push myself and have an environment where I could look around push myself and have an environment where I could look around push myself and have an environment where I could look around and say, "Wow, but and say, "Wow, but and say, "Wow, but what is all this?"  And to be able to what is all this?"  And to be able to what is all this?"  And to be able to question yourself.  I mean, that seems like a question yourself.  I mean, that seems like a question yourself.  I mean, that seems like a privilege to me.  Being in an environment privilege to me.  Being in an environment privilege to me.  Being in an environment that challenges you, that questions you, that I that challenges you, that questions you, that I that challenges you, that questions you, that I love.  And look, within all this love.  And look, within all this love.  And look, within all this questioning I've had, I also questioning I've had, I also questioning I've had, I also feel that I've evolved in many feel that I've evolved in many feel that I've evolved in many other things, at least my other things, at least my other things, at least my YouTube covers, we're back to the old ones, YouTube covers, we're back to the old ones, YouTube covers, we're back to the old ones, but my content, at least on but my content, at least on but my content, at least on TikTok, in reality, I've evolved and they've TikTok, in reality, I've evolved and they've TikTok, in reality, I've evolved and they've noticed and I like it.  Well, yes, I don't know, noticed and I like it.  Well, yes, I don't know, noticed and I like it.  Well, yes, I don't know, something that doesn't make me very happy either is that I realized something that doesn't make me very happy either is that I realized something that doesn't make me very happy either is that I realized that my that my that my vogs are much shorter and I think it has a vogs are much shorter and I think it has a vogs are much shorter and I think it has a lot to do with what I'm telling you lot to do with what I'm telling you lot to do with what I'm telling you about being about being about being closed off, I'm closed off, but they are closed off, I'm closed off, but they are closed off, I'm closed off, but they are phases, this already happened to me and then it went away phases, this already happened to me and then it went away phases, this already happened to me and then it went away and then it came back and then it went away and then it came back and then it went away and then it came back and then it went away again.  And that's what again.  And that's what again.  And that's what really saddens me, because I want to really saddens me, because I want to really saddens me, because I want to make blogs that are 40 minutes long, an make blogs that are 40 minutes long, an make blogs that are 40 minutes long, an hour long, hour long, hour long, and that's what led me to do and that's what led me to do and that's what led me to do well, right?  Pay attention to whether they well, right?  Pay attention to whether they well, right?  Pay attention to whether they say it, whether they don't say it, I mean, it doesn't matter, it does say it, whether they don't say it, I mean, it doesn't matter, it does say it, whether they don't say it, I mean, it doesn't matter, it does n't matter.  I don't have a solution for anything right now n't matter.  I don't have a solution for anything right now n't matter.  I don't have a solution for anything right now , I'm just , I'm just , I'm just learning how to deal with it and I wanted to learning how to deal with it and I wanted to learning how to deal with it and I wanted to share it with you because I think it's something share it with you because I think it's something share it with you because I think it's something that can happen to most that can happen to most that can happen to most people, really.  The comparison, the people, really.  The comparison, the people, really.  The comparison, the what people will say, is happening to me right now too what people will say, is happening to me right now too what people will say, is happening to me right now too , trust yourself.  And I , trust yourself.  And I , trust yourself.  And I just wanted to talk to you about that, I just wanted to talk to you about that, I just wanted to talk to you about that, I mean, I don't know, so you could understand mean, I don't know, so you could understand mean, I don't know, so you could understand a little bit what's happening to me a little bit what's happening to me a little bit what's happening to me , my way of dealing with it. I'm , my way of dealing with it. I'm , my way of dealing with it. I'm going to be very honest with you, I do n't read many comments, n't read many comments, n't read many comments, I'm just trying to get back to I'm just trying to get back to I'm just trying to get back to 100% myself.  I do what I feel like, I 100% myself.  I do what I feel like, I 100% myself.  I do what I feel like, I make the video I like and I publish it, make the video I like and I publish it, make the video I like and I publish it, and once I publish it, it's inevitable that people will go and and once I publish it, it's inevitable that people will go and and once I publish it, it's inevitable that people will go and watch it.  Besides, I know I get a lot of watch it.  Besides, I know I get a lot of watch it.  Besides, I know I get a lot of nice comments too.  Look, I nice comments too.  Look, I nice comments too.  Look, I 'm not currently experiencing a wave of 'm not currently experiencing a wave of 'm not currently experiencing a wave of hatred, no, not at all.  That's something of mine.   I hatred, no, not at all.  That's something of mine.   I hatred, no, not at all.  That's something of mine.   I simply can't simply can't simply can't drive like drive like drive like I usually do right now, for some reason. I usually do right now, for some reason. I usually do right now, for some reason. Silly comments, any opinion that isn't Silly comments, any opinion that isn't Silly comments, any opinion that isn't even that bad sometimes, even that bad sometimes, even that bad sometimes, I just don't know right now, I'm intolerant and I I just don't know right now, I'm intolerant and I I just don't know right now, I'm intolerant and I 'm not handling it well.  So that's how I 'm not handling it well.  So that's how I 'm not handling it well.  So that's how I 'm dealing with 'm dealing with 'm dealing with this right now, to get back to myself this right now, to get back to myself this right now, to get back to myself and just go back to posting whatever I want. I'll upload it, and just go back to posting whatever I want. I'll upload it, and just go back to posting whatever I want. I'll upload it, and I don't know what people and I don't know what people and I don't know what people are saying, if they're are saying, if they're are saying, if they're cursing me out, if everything's okay, I don't cursing me out, if everything's okay, I don't cursing me out, if everything's okay, I don't know, but I liked it, and I know, but I liked it, and I know, but I liked it, and I decided that I liked it, and that's why I decided that I liked it, and that's why I decided that I liked it, and that's why I uploaded it.  Thank you for getting this far uploaded it.  Thank you for getting this far uploaded it.  Thank you for getting this far .  If you liked it, give it a like, subscribe, .  If you liked it, give it a like, subscribe, .  If you liked it, give it a like, subscribe, and leave a nice comment, anything you want about yourself. nice comment, anything you want about yourself. nice comment, anything you want about yourself. Okay.  Yes, I want to do this.  I want to read Okay.  Yes, I want to do this.  I want to read Okay.  Yes, I want to do this.  I want to read nice things and for the people who go nice things and for the people who go nice things and for the people who go into the comments to be able to read into the comments to be able to read into the comments to be able to read nice things.  This has popped up on my TikTok a few times nice things.  This has popped up on my TikTok a few times nice things.  This has popped up on my TikTok a few times and it's like, I don't know, among so much and it's like, I don't know, among so much and it's like, I don't know, among so much negative news, a video full of negative news, a video full of negative news, a video full of positive news.  So, you passed positive news.  So, you passed positive news.  So, you passed your exam, you graduated, you got the your exam, you graduated, you got the your exam, you graduated, you got the job you wanted, a job you wanted, a job you wanted, a sick relative recovered, whatever you sick relative recovered, whatever you sick relative recovered, whatever you want.  Do you think it's the want.  Do you think it's the want.  Do you think it's the nicest thing that's happened to you these last few nicest thing that's happened to you these last few nicest thing that's happened to you these last few days?  And talk about it, let's make a circle of days?  And talk about it, let's make a circle of days?  And talk about it, let's make a circle of nice things. nice things. nice things. Oh, see you in the next blog.  This Oh, see you in the next blog.  This Oh, see you in the next blog.  This comes out on Thursday.  See you on comes out on Thursday.  See you on comes out on Thursday.  See you on Sunday.  And I'll make an effort to make the Sunday.  And I'll make an effort to make the Sunday.  And I'll make an effort to make the vogs longer, which I'm already vogs longer, which I'm already vogs longer, which I'm already doing, okay?  I mean, I genuinely doing, okay?  I mean, I genuinely doing, okay?  I mean, I genuinely say the camera and I take it out and all that, but more than that say the camera and I take it out and all that, but more than that say the camera and I take it out and all that, but more than that . . . Okay, I think I'm very focused on Okay, I think I'm very focused on Okay, I think I'm very focused on all the effort I'm putting into all the effort I'm putting into all the effort I'm putting into my other networks and doing everything at the same my other networks and doing everything at the same my other networks and doing everything at the same time is a bit complicated.  YouTube is time is a bit complicated.  YouTube is time is a bit complicated.  YouTube is obviously always there, but obviously always there, but obviously always there, but I'm finding my balance.  Mu, I I'm finding my balance.  Mu, I I'm finding my balance.  Mu, I love her.  Oh no, my panties are showing.  [snort] love her.  Oh no, my panties are showing.  [snort] love her.  Oh no, my panties are showing.  [snort] Oh, I forgot.  Vog.  Oh wow, she's so beautiful I forgot.  Vog.  Oh wow, she's so beautiful I forgot.  Vog.  Oh wow, she's so beautiful .  [laughs]