Stopping aside. Good morning guys.  I am standing outside the house and going to Good morning guys.  I am standing outside the house and going to Good morning guys.  I am standing outside the house and going to buy bananas.  Brother, buy bananas.  Brother, buy bananas.  Brother, give me six bananas.  Ignore the situation right now.  Hi give me six bananas.  Ignore the situation right now.  Hi give me six bananas.  Ignore the situation right now.  Hi welcome back to my blog guys.  I am welcome back to my blog guys.  I am welcome back to my blog guys.  I am in a bad condition.  My hair gets very frizzy. in a bad condition.  My hair gets very frizzy. in a bad condition.  My hair gets very frizzy. I am so exhausted and red I am so exhausted and red I am so exhausted and red because I pushed my limits today. because I pushed my limits today. because I pushed my limits today. I love to I love to I love to push my limits in my workouts. push my limits in my workouts. push my limits in my workouts. But I also feel scared.  There is a But I also feel scared.  There is a But I also feel scared.  There is a great fear of muscle injury.  If you have gained heavy weight great fear of muscle injury.  If you have gained heavy weight great fear of muscle injury.  If you have gained heavy weight and your and your and your demand is very high, demand is very high, demand is very high, brother, it is like this, brother, it is like this, brother, it is like this, I thought it was something from outside, a I thought it was something from outside, a I thought it was something from outside, a guest, okay, guest, okay, guest, okay, look, your father can never say anything good, sometimes he can't look, your father can never say anything good, sometimes he can't look, your father can never say anything good, sometimes he can't say anything good, say anything good, say anything good, last vlogging, I last vlogging, I last vlogging, I mean, if you practice for three more months, I will go otherwise, mean, if you practice for three more months, I will go otherwise, oh brother, I was crying, I swear, I was crying, do oh brother, I was crying, I swear, I was crying, do oh brother, I was crying, I swear, I was crying, do n't n't n't ask your mother to go out, I was ask your mother to go out, I was ask your mother to go out, I was crying standing here, happy birthday to you, Kamakshi dash mare, oh one, happy birthday to you, Kamakshi dash mare, oh one, happy birthday to you, Kamakshi dash mare, oh one, Kamakshi dash mare, yes, that's what she said, saying Kamakshi dash mare, yes, that's what she said, saying Kamakshi dash mare, yes, that's what she said, saying love, love, love, yes, roast roast, hello guys, so guys, I'm not, so guys, friend, this is enough for so guys, I'm not, so guys, friend, this is enough for so guys, I'm not, so guys, friend, this is enough for me, guys 21 doona 22, I just me, guys 21 doona 22, I just me, guys 21 doona 22, I just saw in a recent vlog, saw in a recent vlog, saw in a recent vlog, Kamakshi is looking so hot, guys, Kamakshi has Kamakshi is looking so hot, guys, Kamakshi has Kamakshi is looking so hot, guys, Kamakshi has switched on her personality, guys, switched on her personality, guys, when someone like this comes into your life, you change, it's not like that when someone like this comes into your life, you change, it's not like that and change is good, good, what I feel, and change is good, good, what I feel, and change is good, good, what I feel, you don't love, people will say I'm very you don't love, people will say I'm very you don't love, people will say I'm very handsome, no, Anjali, Zara's looking very good handsome, no, Anjali, Zara's looking very good handsome, no, Anjali, Zara's looking very good Kamaksha is wearing a T-shirt, you will Kamaksha is wearing a T-shirt, you will Kamaksha is wearing a T-shirt, you will ask for a penis and it is bad bad, it ask for a penis and it is bad bad, it ask for a penis and it is bad bad, it looks very cute, friend, I also want this stomach, I am looks very cute, friend, I also want this stomach, I am looks very cute, friend, I also want this stomach, I am not able to get it, I am not able to get it, so I have come not able to get it, I am not able to get it, so I have come not able to get it, I am not able to get it, so I have come again, I have to do all the shopping again, I have to do all the shopping again, I have to do all the shopping and then we will have lunch and then we will have lunch and then we will have lunch and this is the first time you have come alone with me, I have and this is the first time you have come alone with me, I have come alone before also out of compulsion [laughs] you are so cunning, so cunning, so cunning, so cunning.  We come a lot but cunning.  We come a lot but cunning.  We come a lot but mostly with Mayank.  We have mostly with Mayank.  We have mostly with Mayank.  We have come to S today.   Didn't come to S today.   Didn't come to S today.   Didn't even ask. even ask. even ask. Yes, I did not ask today.  We came alone today.  Guys, while walking Yes, I did not ask today.  We came alone today.  Guys, while walking Yes, I did not ask today.  We came alone today.  Guys, while walking we saw our followers.  He's going back we saw our followers.  He's going back we saw our followers.  He's going back in the suit.  Oh she came she came she came. in the suit.  Oh she came she came she came. Sir marriage Sir marriage Sir marriage marriage Kamakshi.  I don't know marriage Kamakshi.  I don't know marriage Kamakshi.  I don't know where we were by that.  Suddenly I forgot.  Today is where we were by that.  Suddenly I forgot.  Today is where we were by that.  Suddenly I forgot.  Today is Kamakshi's birthday. Kamakshi's birthday. Kamakshi's birthday. Today I will go to nka lux.  I have a big heart.   I will Today I will go to nka lux.  I have a big heart.   I will Today I will go to nka lux.  I have a big heart.   I will definitely go shopping today. definitely go shopping today. definitely go shopping today. I will also buy makeup today.  And Zara, we are already leaving. I will also buy makeup today.  And Zara, we are already leaving. I will also buy makeup today.  And Zara, we are already leaving. Zara is here by the way.  Today is this girl's Zara is here by the way.  Today is this girl's Zara is here by the way.  Today is this girl's birthday and she is celebrating her last birthday with us.  She is birthday and she is celebrating her last birthday with us.  She is celebrating her last birthday with us, that is, her last birthday before marriage.   Are you celebrating her last birthday with us, that is, her last birthday before marriage.   Are you celebrating her last birthday with us, that is, her last birthday before marriage.   Are you giving?   It giving?   It giving?   It is at home for you. is at home for you. is at home for you. I have yes you like it.  You wanted that I have yes you like it.  You wanted that I have yes you like it.  You wanted that stuff to go in your dowry. stuff to go in your dowry. stuff to go in your dowry. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. No lipstick. No lipstick. No lipstick. Where do you want to go for your work? Where do you want to go for your work? Where do you want to go for your work? Mercedes. Mercedes. Mercedes. Sell ​​it.  sell me.  Where has Mercedes gone Sell ​​it.  sell me.  Where has Mercedes gone Sell ​​it.  sell me.  Where has Mercedes gone ? ? ? So it doesn't look like those two girls who are So it doesn't look like those two girls who are So it doesn't look like those two girls who are roaming around like a loafers, camera utha ke roaming around like a loafers, camera utha ke roaming around like a loafers, camera utha ke chapri si bahar aayi, I will be the chapri si bahar aayi, I will be the chapri si bahar aayi, I will be the last person who will do it to anyone, last person who will do it to anyone, last person who will do it to anyone, I be yourself I be yourself I be yourself man [laughs] chal coach chalega, guys if it is not in DLF then chal coach chalega, guys if it is not in DLF then chal coach chalega, guys if it is not in DLF then we will have to go to City Walk for Zara, we will have to go to City Walk for Zara, we will have to go to City Walk for Zara, Anayka is not in City Walk so we have to Anayka is not in City Walk so we have to Anayka is not in City Walk so we have to come back here because our booking is here. come back here because our booking is here. come back here because our booking is here. Guys so we did shopping from nkaa.  We Guys so we did shopping from nkaa.  We Guys so we did shopping from nkaa.  We shopped at Zara.  I shopped at Zara.  I shopped at Zara.  I bought the new lipstick from nka.  Now Kamakshi and I have come to bought the new lipstick from nka.  Now Kamakshi and I have come to bought the new lipstick from nka.  Now Kamakshi and I have come to Daily Hus for lunch. Daily Hus for lunch. Daily Hus for lunch. I got this.  I haven't gotten into PR yet. I got this.  I haven't gotten into PR yet. I got this.  I haven't gotten into PR yet. So I thought why not.  I So I thought why not.  I So I thought why not.  I was very confused because I know that was very confused because I know that was very confused because I know that mostly I come in the PR of NK and mostly I come in the PR of NK and mostly I come in the PR of NK and will come in new launches.  This is shade will come in new launches.  This is shade will come in new launches.  This is shade Velvety.  I bought this because I was Velvety.  I bought this because I was Velvety.  I bought this because I was confused as to which one I should buy.  Soft confused as to which one I should buy.  Soft confused as to which one I should buy.  Soft velvet and another nude shade.  Very beautiful. velvet and another nude shade.  Very beautiful. velvet and another nude shade.  Very beautiful. Its formula is exactly the same as Its formula is exactly the same as Its formula is exactly the same as Pyare Pari's lipstick.  I mean, pretty much Pyare Pari's lipstick.  I mean, pretty much Pyare Pari's lipstick.  I mean, pretty much 90% of the time, I love that lipstick. 90% of the time, I love that lipstick. 90% of the time, I love that lipstick. So now Aunty and I will eat something So now Aunty and I will eat something So now Aunty and I will eat something and then we will go back and then and then we will go back and then and then we will go back and then this girl will throw a party again in the evening.  This girl will this girl will throw a party again in the evening.  This girl will this girl will throw a party again in the evening.  This girl will throw her birthday party again.  how often? throw her birthday party again.  how often? throw her birthday party again.  how often? So let's see, I will eat something healthy. So let's see, I will eat something healthy. So let's see, I will eat something healthy. This is very cute.  I will This is very cute.  I will This is very cute.  I will also tag it here for you.  I will tag this.  There also tag it here for you.  I will tag this.  There also tag it here for you.  I will tag this.  There is no natural light right now.  Give me yours. is no natural light right now.  Give me yours. is no natural light right now.  Give me yours. I will show you the light.  It looks I will show you the light.  It looks I will show you the light.  It looks so beautiful with the brown lip liner the shade so beautiful with the brown lip liner the shade so beautiful with the brown lip liner the shade is so good.  nka is so good.  nka is so good.  nka it is so pretty.  Look at this lipstick, it is so pretty.  Look at this lipstick, it is so pretty.  Look at this lipstick, Alia, leave it. Alia, leave it. Alia, leave it. So Happy is this.  I am buying the stuff.  No this.  I am buying the stuff.  No this.  I am buying the stuff.  No guys I have a gift for you.  So guys, guys I have a gift for you.  So guys, guys I have a gift for you.  So guys, Kamakshi always likes white sauce pasta, Kamakshi always likes white sauce pasta, Kamakshi always likes white sauce pasta, in her five years of marriage in Bali, she in her five years of marriage in Bali, she in her five years of marriage in Bali, she tried this, all oio, and after that, tried this, all oio, and after that, tried this, all oio, and after that, she loves pasta and alfo, she loves pasta and alfo, she loves pasta and alfo, yes this is one, and I tried it at home too, it is yes this is one, and I tried it at home too, it is yes this is one, and I tried it at home too, it is quite spicy, actually the quite spicy, actually the quite spicy, actually the taste of olive oil is a little less in it, but it is taste of olive oil is a little less in it, but it is taste of olive oil is a little less in it, but it is spicy, I added Tabasco in this because I spicy, I added Tabasco in this because I spicy, I added Tabasco in this because I love more chilli, I have also ordered some love more chilli, I have also ordered some love more chilli, I have also ordered some chilli, so this is her date, we have to chilli, so this is her date, we have to chilli, so this is her date, we have to enjoy our date, guys, we have come home.  Oh, it's enjoy our date, guys, we have come home.  Oh, it's enjoy our date, guys, we have come home.  Oh, it's very cute.  I said very cute.  I said very cute.  I said just for you this is written so just for you this is written so just for you this is written so happy birthday.  Now Kamakshi will say that she will take happy birthday.  Now Kamakshi will say that she will take happy birthday.  Now Kamakshi will say that she will take care of it for the whole year.  I will take her back to her in-laws' house. care of it for the whole year.  I will take her back to her in-laws' house. care of it for the whole year.  I will take her back to her in-laws' house. What happened?   Okay guys. What happened?   Okay guys. What happened?   Okay guys. Kamakshi came home and Kamakshi got Kamakshi came home and Kamakshi got Kamakshi came home and Kamakshi got such a cute surprise from her elder such a cute surprise from her elder such a cute surprise from her elder sister in law.  Big sister in law.  Big sister in law.  Big elder sister in law entire family. elder sister in law entire family. elder sister in law entire family. Okay, from the family or from everyone from the Okay, from the family or from everyone from the Okay, from the family or from everyone from the in-laws' side, oh it's nice, in-laws' side, oh it's nice, in-laws' side, oh it's nice, my choice is Purva, my choice is Purva, my choice is Purva, no choice Purva, yours, oh pretty, oh pretty, no choice Purva, yours, oh pretty, oh pretty, no choice Purva, yours, oh pretty, oh pretty, I remember my time in Hyderabad, jewellery, I remember my time in Hyderabad, jewellery, I remember my time in Hyderabad, jewellery, I used to love you like this, the I used to love you like this, the I used to love you like this, the cake has also come, we will cut it in the cake has also come, we will cut it in the cake has also come, we will cut it in the evening from the family, oh Purva, thank evening from the family, oh Purva, thank evening from the family, oh Purva, thank you for the gift, Kamakshi liked it very much, you for the gift, Kamakshi liked it very much, you for the gift, Kamakshi liked it very much, oh friend [laughs] oh friend [laughs] oh friend [laughs] come on, bye bye, are come on, bye bye, are come on, bye bye, are you playing this clean-cut dress, hey, what are you playing this clean-cut dress, hey, what are you playing this clean-cut dress, hey, what are you going to do, do you going to do, do n't be a jerk, look, I am your n't be a jerk, look, I am your aunt, I am aunt, I am giving you this look, look at your son's look, you got your giving you this look, look at your son's look, you got your giving you this look, look at your son's look, you got your hair done, hair done, hair done, what are you going to do, friend, what are you going to do, friend, what are you going to do, friend, look, what are you going to do, oh what are you going to do, you are look, what are you going to do, oh what are you going to do, you are not going, not going, not going, you are like this, then the cake will be cut now, Kamakshi's you are like this, then the cake will be cut now, Kamakshi's you are like this, then the cake will be cut now, Kamakshi's mom, it's not your birthday, when you should roam around so much, mom, don't roam around. roam around so much, mom, don't roam around. roam around so much, mom, don't roam around. Mother and daughter have just had a cold war. Mother and daughter have just had a cold war. Mother and daughter have just had a cold war. Hello mother. Hello mother. Hello mother. Hello son.   Yes friend. Hello son.   Yes friend. Happy Happy Happy to you.  Happy to you.  Happy to you.  Happy to you. Brother, Brother, Brother, take this completely.  Whom should I feed you, friend?  What should I bring?   Do take this completely.  Whom should I feed you, friend?  What should I bring?   Do take this completely.  Whom should I feed you, friend?  What should I bring?   Do n't know when? n't know when? n't know when? Happy Birthday. Happy Birthday. Happy Birthday. No, my clothes will get dirty. No, my clothes will get dirty. No, my clothes will get dirty. Birthday clothes are clothes, please bring them Birthday clothes are clothes, please bring them Birthday clothes are clothes, please bring them for aunt.  I have brought this gift for my aunt. for aunt.  I have brought this gift for my aunt. for aunt.  I have brought this gift for my aunt. She will take it herself in a while.  That's why I She will take it herself in a while.  That's why I She will take it herself in a while.  That's why I brought it. So we have come to our venue for dinner, So we have come to our venue for dinner, So we have come to our venue for dinner, guys, burn out, this is our second car, let's guys, burn out, this is our second car, let's guys, burn out, this is our second car, let's go, this is the first burn out, what is this go, this is the first burn out, what is this go, this is the first burn out, what is this here, here, here, hey, don't start hitting, guys, hey, don't start hitting, guys, hey, don't start hitting, guys, we have sent mom and dad home, we have sent mom and dad home, we have sent mom and dad home, mom, dad and the kids have gone home, now we are going to do mom, dad and the kids have gone home, now we are going to do mom, dad and the kids have gone home, now we are going to do Gokati, we will edit 10 minutes 8 times at night, it is Gokati, we will edit 10 minutes 8 times at night, it is Gokati, we will edit 10 minutes 8 times at night, it is very bad, very bad, very bad, mine is so bad, but I was thinking something else mine is so bad, but I was thinking something else mine is so bad, but I was thinking something else brother.  So we're going to do 10:00 p.m. brother.  So we're going to do 10:00 p.m. brother.  So we're going to do 10:00 p.m. Godard, the last film we did was Godard, the last film we did was Godard, the last film we did was in Bangkok, Thailand.   That's in Bangkok, Thailand.   That's in Bangkok, Thailand.   That's good.  We did it on a hot afternoon.  Now good.  We did it on a hot afternoon.  Now good.  We did it on a hot afternoon.  Now when are we going at night?  Kamakshi we when are we going at night?  Kamakshi we when are we going at night?  Kamakshi we street day guys. street day guys. street day guys. You guys on that side, its You guys on that side, its The Next Day. The Next Day. The Next Day. Good afternoon guys.  So yesterday evening went quite well. Good afternoon guys.  So yesterday evening went quite well. Good afternoon guys.  So yesterday evening went quite well. Yesterday was a great day.  But today Yesterday was a great day.  But today Yesterday was a great day.  But today I am down.  I can make a video of you too. I am down.  I can make a video of you too. I am down.  I can make a video of you too. So I went down.  I'm feeling low today. So I went down.  I'm feeling low today. So I went down.  I'm feeling low today. I just had my lunch.  I had cooked rice. I just had my lunch.  I had cooked rice. I just had my lunch.  I had cooked rice. Myesha this is bad.  This is very bad.  Myesha had Myesha this is bad.  This is very bad.  Myesha had Myesha this is bad.  This is very bad.  Myesha had eaten these herself.  I don't eaten these herself.  I don't eaten these herself.  I don't like it very much.  It's too young.  Myesha also like it very much.  It's too young.  Myesha also like it very much.  It's too young.  Myesha also likes it very much.  So I told Mysha that you have likes it very much.  So I told Mysha that you have likes it very much.  So I told Mysha that you have spilled it in the room, so you will clean it yourself. spilled it in the room, so you will clean it yourself. spilled it in the room, so you will clean it yourself. So instead of cleaning, it is doing something else. So instead of cleaning, it is doing something else. So instead of cleaning, it is doing something else. I don't know what to do.   Elder brother. I don't know what to do.   Elder brother. I don't know what to do.   Elder brother. Okay, just say bye.  Well, Okay, just say bye.  Well, Okay, just say bye.  Well, like you said yesterday.  Guys, if you liked it, please like you said yesterday.  Guys, if you liked it, please like you said yesterday.  Guys, if you liked it, please like, subscribe [laughs] like, subscribe [laughs] like, subscribe [laughs] and follow me here. and follow me here. and follow me here. Guys if you like this video then like and Guys if you like this video then like and Guys if you like this video then like and subscribe.  Guys if you like this video then subscribe.  Guys if you like this video then subscribe.  Guys if you like this video then follow and comment and follow and comment and follow and comment and like and subscribe.  Bye. like and subscribe.  Bye. like and subscribe.  Bye. Oh, now you say it too.  If you also feel like it. Oh, now you say it too.  If you also feel like it. Oh, now you say it too.  If you also feel like it. No, just No, just No, just say it. say it. say it. No, just No, just No, just say it. say it. say it. No. No. No. Say.  You wanted to speak.  I heard. Say.  You wanted to speak.  I heard. Say.  You wanted to speak.  I heard. Our Mahima wanted to speak.  Say. Our Mahima wanted to speak.  Say. Our Mahima wanted to speak.  Say. No. No. No. Sure. Sure. Sure. Yes. Yes. Yes. Myshu, she is not saying that.  Then you tell me. Myshu, she is not saying that.  Then you tell me. Myshu, she is not saying that.  Then you tell me. I am also not saying anything until Mahima I am also not saying anything until Mahima I am also not saying anything until Mahima says that I will do something else like magic, bye bye guys, see says that I will do something else like magic, bye bye guys, see you in the next blog or you guys you in the next blog or you guys you in the next blog or you guys want me to do a vlog, I am not able to do it, right now want me to do a vlog, I am not able to do it, right now want me to do a vlog, I am not able to do it, right now I will not do it for two-three days anyway, I will not do it for two-three days anyway, I will not do it for two-three days anyway, but the video of I will do what I eat in a day, I will do, I will do because but the video of I will do what I eat in a day, I will do, I will do because but the video of I will do what I eat in a day, I will do, I will do because you you you people like it and it will also help you, people like it and it will also help you, people like it and it will also help you, children do this only after coming from school. children do this only after coming from school. children do this only after coming from school. Let's see you in the next video bye. Let's see you in the next video bye. Let's see you in the next video bye. yes