Hello friends welcome to Reviews and
Recipes Parmeshwari watch subscribe to Honest
Productive and Egg Recipes channel
press the notification bell
click on Amazon and
order products Amazon delivers the items
online payment has to be made and
delivery is not received in red zone one has to go outside the red zone and
pick up the parcel from the delivery boy
in buffer zone online payment has to be made
and fast delivery can be ordered
delivery facility is available
and delivery is also received my Ghagra will
remain with us was it declared ready
I ordered total 15 grocery items through Avery on
14th June which were
delivered to my home Amazon delivered the order
in good condition on 17th June within about 4 minutes Amazon
entry order was delivered to my home which is in buffer zone
finger
among the 15 grocery items this item is Tata
Sampann Jhal Ready to Cook Mid-Day Misal and
review of this idli and demo of how to make it
now further you are going to see in this video
this Tata Sampann Fibre Rich Idli
this pack abs we can subscribe it The
MRP on the packet is Rs. 1000 but the price I paid on Amazon for one packet
is Rs. 6, so
my saving on a 180 gram packet
is Rs. 14, so you can see that
when we order useful items through Amazon,
we can use it, I am saving Rs. 14
on this item, Sampann through Amazon
entry, more videos
are available on my channel, you must watch all those videos
so that you get to know, you can
subscribe through Amazon, so
about subscription, you will get Tata Sampann
flour, black urad dal and crushed Tata in rice flour,
brown rice i.e.
peeled rice which is called that, now we will
see
how we can make idli in just 15 to 20 minutes using this idli mix, that is, I have
shown you by putting the mixture in a glass, so that you can get its quantity as per your requirement,
I have added water and
mix it well, you have to
keep it in this mixing bowl, you must have prepared it earlier, then mix it
accordingly and for sourness in this flour,
you can use curd if you want,
so I have added about 5 lakh curd in it,
if you like curd If you do not want to use it, then
you will have to add one and a half glass of water to the rice flour.
You can see that
I have mixed this batter using one glass of water and two glasses of milk and curd
and have kept it ready. Now we have to wait for 5 minutes.
This is my Prestige
Multipurpose Multi, using which I am going to
make Idli. I have applied two spoons of oil in it
and I am
putting it in it. After 5 minutes, it will be ready.
To make Idli, add salt
in it beforehand. So, keep in mind
that you do not have to add salt separately in it. If
you want, you can taste it a little raw so
that you can adjust the salt. If you
want, you
can also add one spoon of Indore and a little sugar in this batter. You
see, I have
used a total of 8-Delhi batter in both these plates.
After mixing this, a little batter is left.
Now we have to cook these batters for 15 minutes.
Making Idli using this Prestige Multi-Purpose Multi is a very easy
way. First, heat it till it becomes steamy. I reduce the flame of the gas
and let it cook well for 15 minutes.
15 minutes have passed and it is ready for us.
Hot and piping hot. In about 20
minutes, our idlis are ready.
In Tata Company Delhi, making idlis has really become very
easy because you do
n't need to make any preparations from the next day. For those who are
bachelors or live alone in
hospitals, for those who love to eat idlis,
making idlis has become very easy
due to time limits.
This idli made from our rice flour is very tasty and tastes good with black urad flour
and it
feels like you are eating something turmeric. The
taste of brown rice
comes with curd. It is very good to eat
and it is not very soft but
I really liked the taste which Tata
Sampan has given and without much
effort,
its taste is very good as per the previous recipe.
I like this idli made from Tata Sampann Kadai Mix
very much now.
I have again put the remaining idli batter in another plate.
In the second round,
48 idlis were made from the remaining batter, so
you can easily make a total of 12 idlis from 180 grams of Tata Company Limited.
Tata Sampann Ready to Eat Delhi
Mix is ​​a good quality product.
This is the right product for those who like it very much but are short of time.
You will find its Amazon binding
in the description of this video. Subscribe to the channel,
press the notification bell,
like and share this video and
click on the Amazon buy link and
order the products from Amazon.
Thanks for watching.
