I've been thinking for a long time about preparing today's issue, thinking that if all my skincare products were gone, lost, or somehow I would need to buy skincare products in such a short time, I would do it. I've been thinking for a long time about preparing today's issue, thinking that if all my skincare products were gone, lost, or somehow I would need to buy skincare products in such a short time, I would do it. Well, Well, Well, among the people watching this video, I think there are also among the people watching this video, I think there are also various people watching, whether they are first-time users or people who don't have much understanding about skins, or people who know a little bit about them and generally understand what they're doing, and of course, they are very familiar with the human side of creating skins various people watching, whether they are first-time users or people who don't have much understanding about skins, or people who know a little bit about them and generally understand what they're doing, and of course, they are very familiar with the human side of creating skins .  Well, I've .  Well, I've .  Well, I've made room for this part.  That's why I'll be made room for this part.  That's why I'll be entering it with my picture and name like this.  I think it would be entering it with my picture and name like this.  I think it would be entering it with my picture and name like this.  I think it would be clearer to you if it were that way clearer to you if it were that way clearer to you if it were that way .  And I hope this video will be helpful, especially for .  And I hope this video will be helpful, especially for .  And I hope this video will be helpful, especially for first-time users who aren't sure what to use first-time users who aren't sure what to use .  Okay, so first of all, of .  Okay, so first of all, of .  Okay, so first of all, of course, there's the section called cliches. course, there's the section called cliches. We need to cleanse our skin in the morning and evening to remove the dirt that has accumulated throughout the day and night, both from air pollution and pollution We need to cleanse our skin in the morning and evening to remove the dirt that has accumulated throughout the day and night, both from air pollution and pollution We need to cleanse our skin in the morning and evening to remove the dirt that has accumulated throughout the day and night, both from air pollution and pollution .  Okay, so .  Okay, so .  Okay, so among the cleansing products, the first product I'm going to look at right now is the among the cleansing products, the first product I'm going to look at right now is the cleansing gel from the brand cleansing gel from the brand cleansing gel from the brand Latam.  Okay, so now Latam.  Okay, so now Latam.  Okay, so now I've used up two or three bottles of the cleaning solution I've used up two or three bottles of the cleaning solution I've used up two or three bottles of the cleaning solution .  This was a .  This was a .  This was a really nice product, suitable even for very sensitive skin really nice product, suitable even for very sensitive skin .  And .  And since I'm a person who makes purchases like this all the time, I thought it was a since I'm a person who makes purchases like this all the time, I thought it was a since I'm a person who makes purchases like this all the time, I thought it was a particularly suitable particularly suitable particularly suitable product for consumers.  Well, I product for consumers.  Well, I think this product would be great for people who generally have dry, sensitive skin and who have used a lot of products that don't suit their skin.  Well, think this product would be great for people who generally have dry, sensitive skin and who have used a lot of products that don't suit their skin.  Well, even for mature skin over 30, it even for mature skin over 30, it even for mature skin over 30, it provides enough nutrients and, in addition, it provides enough nutrients and, in addition, it provides enough nutrients and, in addition, it cleanses very well, so cleanses very well, so cleanses very well, so I have I have I have no doubt that I will choose this product no doubt that I will choose this product no doubt that I will choose this product .  Well, I don't have the container .  Well, I don't have the container .  Well, I don't have the container .  I ended up .  I ended up .  I ended up throwing away all the bottles of the product, throwing away all the bottles of the product, throwing away all the bottles of the product, so I have a round labia cleansing pad so I have a round labia cleansing pad so I have a round labia cleansing pad .  Well, I can't even remember how many times I've used this cleansing pad .  Well, I can't even remember how many times I've used this cleansing pad .  There are products that are used a lot and even .  There are products that are used a lot and even .  There are products that are used a lot and even used regularly used regularly used regularly .  Well, most of .  Well, most of .  Well, most of the products in Round Lab are now so disappointing that there are so few the products in Round Lab are now so disappointing that there are so few the products in Round Lab are now so disappointing that there are so few people who can make them, and so few people who can make them, and so few people who can make them, and so few brands that are beautiful.  I've been brands that are beautiful.  I've been brands that are beautiful.  I've been using Roundup for many years.   There using Roundup for many years.   There are brands that I really like and think are really beautiful.  In particular, are brands that I really like and think are really beautiful.  In particular, are brands that I really like and think are really beautiful.  In particular, cleansing pads are best used in the morning and evening. cleansing pads are best used in the morning and evening. In addition, cleansing In addition, cleansing In addition, cleansing pads generally pads generally pads generally require washing after wiping, while round line require washing after wiping, while round line require washing after wiping, while round line cleansing pads do not require washing after use, cleansing pads do not require washing after use, so I think they would be a great choice for those who are a little lazy so I think they would be a great choice for those who are a little lazy .  Well, of course, it's been .  Well, of course, it's been .  Well, of course, it's been cleaned thoroughly now, right cleaned thoroughly now, right cleaned thoroughly now, right ?  Well, or is it just a case of cleansing with this cleanser? Even in ?  Well, or is it just a case of cleansing with this cleanser? Even in ?  Well, or is it just a case of cleansing with this cleanser? Even in that that that case, you still need to wash your face case, you still need to wash your face case, you still need to wash your face .  Well, there .  Well, there 's a brand called Bai Select that I've been using recently that I really like.  Well, 's a brand called Bai Select that I've been using recently that I really like.  Well, 's a brand called Bai Select that I've been using recently that I really like.  Well, people may not know this brand very well. people may not know this brand very well. people may not know this brand very well. This brand has only recently arrived in Mongolia This brand has only recently arrived in Mongolia This brand has only recently arrived in Mongolia .  As far as I can .  As far as I can .  As far as I can remember, this one came in around March or April, remember, this one came in around March or April, remember, this one came in around March or April, or maybe in May or maybe in May or maybe in May .  And since this .  And since this .  And since this product is sold in many branches, it seems product is sold in many branches, it seems product is sold in many branches, it seems .  And .  And .  And for the price, it was a great opportunity for the price, it was a great opportunity for the price, it was a great opportunity .  And generally, .  And generally, the products sold in pharmacies are not good, so they are just trying to gain trust the products sold in pharmacies are not good, so they are just trying to gain trust the products sold in pharmacies are not good, so they are just trying to gain trust . . . So I So I So I thought I'd talk about this brand separately.  It's true that there are thought I'd talk about this brand separately.  It's true that there are many Korean brands that are affordable but have poor service many Korean brands that are affordable but have poor service many Korean brands that are affordable but have poor service .  People .  People .  People are not well-known now, but they really have good results, and are not well-known now, but they really have good results, and are not well-known now, but they really have good results, and now this brand is now this brand is now this brand is so professional, even dermatologists, so professional, even dermatologists, so professional, even dermatologists, right?  Oh, there are right?  Oh, there are right?  Oh, there are now brands like this that have been created by professional teams, and now brands like this that have been created by professional teams, and now brands like this that have been created by professional teams, and I I I thought this was the one to choose.  So, what makes this cleansing thought this was the one to choose.  So, what makes this cleansing thought this was the one to choose.  So, what makes this cleansing foam so special to me is that, of foam so special to me is that, of foam so special to me is that, of course, foam course, foam course, foam cleansers, no matter what type or cleansers, no matter what type or cleansers, no matter what type or brand, are inherently brand, are inherently brand, are inherently designed to remove impurities.  Well, designed to remove impurities.  Well, designed to remove impurities.  Well, most of these cleansing most of these cleansing most of these cleansing foams are either too thick to be washed off with water, foams are either too thick to be washed off with water, foams are either too thick to be washed off with water, or they form a kind of film on the face that doesn't come off at all or they form a kind of film on the face that doesn't come off at all .  It makes me feel so .  It makes me feel so .  It makes me feel so uncomfortable now.  You probably uncomfortable now.  You probably uncomfortable now.  You probably understand in general.   It is understand in general.   It is necessary to rinse it off with water.  If you don't rinse it off well, the necessary to rinse it off with water.  If you don't rinse it off well, the necessary to rinse it off with water.  If you don't rinse it off well, the residue will remain on your face, which will residue will remain on your face, which will residue will remain on your face, which will irritate your skin. irritate your skin. irritate your skin. Some types of foam cleansers actually do the Some types of foam cleansers actually do the Some types of foam cleansers actually do the opposite, instead of cleansing your opposite, instead of cleansing your opposite, instead of cleansing your skin, they can actually make it feel uncomfortable. skin, they can actually make it feel uncomfortable. skin, they can actually make it feel uncomfortable. So why did I find this cleanser So why did I find this cleanser So why did I find this cleanser so good? so good? so good? Of course, the price is reasonable, and the Of course, the price is reasonable, and the Of course, the price is reasonable, and the second reason is that it doesn't leave any second reason is that it doesn't leave any second reason is that it doesn't leave any residue after washing with it residue after washing with it residue after washing with it .  It doesn't .  It doesn't .  It doesn't form any kind of shell.  It's a nice feature of the dish that, after washing it well, form any kind of shell.  It's a nice feature of the dish that, after washing it well, form any kind of shell.  It's a nice feature of the dish that, after washing it well, nothing remains after it is said nothing remains after it is said .  And because of this, it had a .  And because of this, it had a .  And because of this, it had a very faint, faint, very faint, faint, very faint, faint, unpleasantly pleasant smell.  Ah, unpleasantly pleasant smell.  Ah, unpleasantly pleasant smell.  Ah, but after washing, that smell but after washing, that smell but after washing, that smell doesn't stay on your face at all.  Then again, doesn't stay on your face at all.  Then again, doesn't stay on your face at all.  Then again, things with a slightly pungent smell like this are things with a slightly pungent smell like this are things with a slightly pungent smell like this are irritating to the nose irritating to the nose irritating to the nose .  That was not the case at all. .  That was not the case at all. .  That was not the case at all. So I recommend that you all take another look at this So I recommend that you all take another look at this So I recommend that you all take another look at this .  Well, .  Well, .  Well, since it was suitable for sensitive skin, I thought it would be fine for all other since it was suitable for sensitive skin, I thought it would be fine for all other since it was suitable for sensitive skin, I thought it would be fine for all other skin types skin types skin types .  There was this new, strange .  There was this new, strange .  There was this new, strange brand that I really liked brand that I really liked brand that I really liked .  Well, at .  Well, at .  Well, at the level of cleanliness, I wouldn't feel bad about the level of cleanliness, I wouldn't feel bad about the level of cleanliness, I wouldn't feel bad about buying more products like this buying more products like this buying more products like this .  Well, I would also recommend that people with other skin .  Well, I would also recommend that people with other skin .  Well, I would also recommend that people with other skin types or skin like mine types or skin like mine use these same products, as they will use these same products, as they will cleanse their skin well without causing any skin problems cleanse their skin well without causing any skin problems cleanse their skin well without causing any skin problems .  Well, the second one is the section called Ton .  Well, the second one is the section called Ton .  Well, the second one is the section called Ton .  Well, as you .  Well, as you .  Well, as you all know, we'll talk about the Thunder.   The all know, we'll talk about the Thunder.   The all know, we'll talk about the Thunder.   The most important thing in skincare right now is makeup most important thing in skincare right now is makeup .  So, as for the tuna, let .  So, as for the tuna, let .  So, as for the tuna, let me introduce you to two types of tuna me introduce you to two types of tuna me introduce you to two types of tuna .  Well, if I were to .  Well, if I were to .  Well, if I were to buy this again, I buy this again, I would buy this product, the number nine of this brand, PS PDR Globe Boston Toner, without any hesitation.  Well, this would buy this product, the number nine of this brand, PS PDR Globe Boston Toner, without any hesitation.  Well, this would buy this product, the number nine of this brand, PS PDR Globe Boston Toner, without any hesitation.  Well, this product was unique in that, product was unique in that, product was unique in that, in addition to the now-famous ingredient, it also in addition to the now-famous ingredient, it also in addition to the now-famous ingredient, it also contained 50 different peptides, including Pidi Ovulaad contained 50 different peptides, including Pidi Ovulaad contained 50 different peptides, including Pidi Ovulaad .  Well, this .  Well, this .  Well, this product is generally designed to provide both product is generally designed to provide both product is generally designed to provide both excellent nutrients and skin benefits excellent nutrients and skin benefits .  Well, if you have a .  Well, if you have a .  Well, if you have a slightly sagging area that is already plumped up, it's slightly sagging area that is already plumped up, it's like it's filling that area in. In general, like it's filling that area in. In general, like it's filling that area in. In general, almost everyone who has used almost everyone who has used almost everyone who has used this product has this product has this product has felt good about it.  It's so beautiful without any sound felt good about it.  It's so beautiful without any sound felt good about it.  It's so beautiful without any sound .  It .  It .  It makes you look so healthy and healthy.   There was such a makes you look so healthy and healthy.   There was such a wonderful person who gave me both good nutrition and a lot of joy.  Well, wonderful person who gave me both good nutrition and a lot of joy.  Well, wonderful person who gave me both good nutrition and a lot of joy.  Well, I'm going to choose one of these two next time I'm going to choose one of these two next time I'm going to choose one of these two next time .  There is a product .  There is a product .  There is a product called War, a brand that makes people happy called War, a brand that makes people happy called War, a brand that makes people happy .  Well, earlier, I .  Well, earlier, I introduced you to the Palatome cleansing water.  Well, after that, introduced you to the Palatome cleansing water.  Well, after that, I've been using this water called Vitalizing Water, and it's gotten a little bit smaller now I've been using this water called Vitalizing Water, and it's gotten a little bit smaller now I've been using this water called Vitalizing Water, and it's gotten a little bit smaller now . . . This is really good water.  I wouldn't have minded taking this, would I?  I'm This is really good water.  I wouldn't have minded taking this, would I?  I'm finishing up the other tones that I won't be using anyway.  Then, later, let's finishing up the other tones that I won't be using anyway.  Then, later, let's finishing up the other tones that I won't be using anyway.  Then, later, let's go here.  And when I go here.  And when I go here.  And when I tried this, it was really good tried this, it was really good tried this, it was really good .  And then, like this, .  And then, like this, .  And then, like this, I used it until it was 200 milligrams and it was so small that it was unbearable I used it until it was 200 milligrams and it was so small that it was unbearable I used it until it was 200 milligrams and it was so small that it was unbearable .  Well, of course, .  Well, of course, .  Well, of course, take it in your palm, warm it up by rubbing your hands together take it in your palm, warm it up by rubbing your hands together take it in your palm, warm it up by rubbing your hands together a little, a little, a little, and then and then and then apply it to your face like this. apply it to your face like this. apply it to your face like this. Well, or even Well, or even Well, or even better, if you want to feel the benefits of this product for a better, if you want to feel the benefits of this product for a better, if you want to feel the benefits of this product for a longer period of time, and then feel it on your face, if you longer period of time, and then feel it on your face, if you soak it in the cotton pad you use and soak it in the cotton pad you use and soak it in the cotton pad you use and place it on your cheeks and chin, place it on your cheeks and chin, you you you will feel the benefits that this product is going to provide to your skin.  Then will feel the benefits that this product is going to provide to your skin.  Then I will tell you to choose one of these two products, platinum or nombuzin I will tell you to choose one of these two products, platinum or nombuzin I will tell you to choose one of these two products, platinum or nombuzin .  Well, another product that is coming into this Tuner section is the .  Well, another product that is coming into this Tuner section is the Tuner Pad.  You all Tuner Pad.  You all use the pad as a tuner instead of a tuner, and if you use the pad like this, use the pad as a tuner instead of a tuner, and if you use the pad like this, use the pad as a tuner instead of a tuner, and if you use the pad like this, how do you absorb it now, how do you get more out of it, of course, you hold it on the ground for how do you absorb it now, how do you get more out of it, of course, you hold it on the ground for a while, then press it and a while, then press it and a while, then press it and then move it around like this then move it around like this then move it around like this . . . Since there is a lot of it, I Since there is a lot of it, I Since there is a lot of it, I thought I would add a pad that doesn't have any strings attached.  Well, since I have a choice now, there is a thought I would add a pad that doesn't have any strings attached.  Well, since I have a choice now, there is a product called a sensor pad.  Well, this one has a lot of product called a sensor pad.  Well, this one has a lot of essence, 250 mg, in a small bottle.  Actually, there are about twenty essence, 250 mg, in a small bottle.  Actually, there are about twenty essence, 250 mg, in a small bottle.  Actually, there are about twenty essences, and they are really good now essences, and they are really good now essences, and they are really good now .  Well, I've used many different types of paste .  Well, I've used many different types of paste .  Well, I've used many different types of paste .  I use it every day, usually all the time .  I use it every day, usually all the time .  I use it every day, usually all the time .  For someone who uses .  For someone who uses .  For someone who uses each pad like oil and water, each pad like oil and water, this pad is really, really this pad is really, really this pad is really, really good.  I've been good.  I've been good.  I've been talking about this in many previous issues.   Will keep talking about this in many previous issues.   Will keep talking about this in many previous issues.   Will keep talking.  I will continue to take this talking.  I will continue to take this talking.  I will continue to take this . . . I thought it would continue to be a struggle.  It was such a beautiful product I thought it would continue to be a struggle.  It was such a beautiful product I thought it would continue to be a struggle.  It was such a beautiful product .  And .  And .  And if I don't need to buy a liquid mattress right now, I'll definitely if I don't need to buy a liquid mattress right now, I'll definitely if I don't need to buy a liquid mattress right now, I'll definitely choose this paddy right now choose this paddy right now choose this paddy right now .  This pad helps .  This pad helps .  This pad helps my skin my skin my skin look radiant and healthy overall, morning and night look radiant and healthy overall, morning and night look radiant and healthy overall, morning and night .  Well, since it's the .  Well, since it's the .  Well, since it's the third one, third one, third one, there's a section called trait.  Well, when it comes to traits, of there's a section called trait.  Well, when it comes to traits, of there's a section called trait.  Well, when it comes to traits, of course, if we think about a toner that is more suitable for our skin, we course, if we think about a toner that is more suitable for our skin, we need a higher concentration that provides a better effect.  Well, since it's need a higher concentration that provides a better effect.  Well, since it's need a higher concentration that provides a better effect.  Well, since it's in there, essences, serums, in there, essences, serums, in there, essences, serums, ampoules, and cream products are useful ampoules, and cream products are useful ampoules, and cream products are useful .  Well, while I'm talking about this part, I .  Well, while I'm talking about this part, I think I'd like to give you one more thing as just advice.  Well, think I'd like to give you one more thing as just advice.  Well, think I'd like to give you one more thing as just advice.  Well, Korean hair care is incredibly complicated, with so Korean hair care is incredibly complicated, with so Korean hair care is incredibly complicated, with so many steps many steps many steps .  People always say that they have to apply it to the scalp, then .  People always say that they have to apply it to the scalp, then .  People always say that they have to apply it to the scalp, then apply essence on top, then this and that, and that apply essence on top, then this and that, and that But in reality, But in reality, But in reality, if you use a serum, you don't necessarily need to if you use a serum, you don't necessarily need to if you use a serum, you don't necessarily need to use an essence. use an essence. use an essence. If you've used essence, there's no If you've used essence, there's no If you've used essence, there's no need to use serum need to use serum need to use serum .  In general, it is .  In general, it is .  In general, it is considered sufficient to use one. considered sufficient to use one. considered sufficient to use one. In other words, if I had already In other words, if I had already In other words, if I had already reached the ampoule, I would have applied another layer of serum reached the ampoule, I would have applied another layer of serum reached the ampoule, I would have applied another layer of serum .  Well, of course, you can .  Well, of course, you can apply a serum essence that matches your skin type and then apply it apply a serum essence that matches your skin type and then apply it apply a serum essence that matches your skin type and then apply it .  Well, in general, if it's just for everyday use, there's no .  Well, in general, if it's just for everyday use, there's no need to apply it in layers need to apply it in layers need to apply it in layers .  Well, the product I choose now is a .  Well, the product I choose now is a .  Well, the product I choose now is a brand called Nov. brand called Nov. brand called Nov. Well, this Noah brand is Well, this Noah brand is pretty famous for their product called Ecto Panthenol Shampoo pretty famous for their product called Ecto Panthenol Shampoo pretty famous for their product called Ecto Panthenol Shampoo .  And generally, it's like this is what I .  And generally, it's like this is what I .  And generally, it's like this is what I call training or whatever it was, and call training or whatever it was, and after using it like this, it's like I came out looking like this after using it like this, it's like I came out looking like this after using it like this, it's like I came out looking like this .  It's like it gives you .  It's like it gives you .  It's like it gives you that feeling of being in a spa and coming out, that feeling of being in a spa and coming out, that feeling of being in a spa and coming out, so that's what's written so that's what's written so that's what's written .  And every time I use this, it .  And every time I use this, it .  And every time I use this, it really really really smooths out my skin, and now there are a smooths out my skin, and now there are a smooths out my skin, and now there are a lot of people who have damaged skin due to acne lot of people who have damaged skin due to acne lot of people who have damaged skin due to acne .  Whether it's the sun, .  Whether it's the sun, .  Whether it's the sun, the wind, or something like that, or maybe you the wind, or something like that, or maybe you the wind, or something like that, or maybe you 've used some kind of strong product, 've used some kind of strong product, 've used some kind of strong product, or maybe you've been using a laser, or maybe you've been using it so hard that your skin is uncomfortable, or maybe you've been using a laser, or maybe you've been using it so hard that your skin is uncomfortable, we first need to make our skin we first need to make our skin we first need to make our skin barrier healthy and then barrier healthy and then use the next ingredient. use the next ingredient. use the next ingredient. Well, at that time, there was a person who was so creative that this brand called Nov was a Well, at that time, there was a person who was so creative that this brand called Nov was a Well, at that time, there was a person who was so creative that this brand called Nov was a great help great help great help .  I've .  I've .  I've finished two bottles now.  Now, we're on our way to the finished two bottles now.  Now, we're on our way to the finished two bottles now.  Now, we're on our way to the third stage third stage third stage .  Well, this product is either because I have acne and it's so .  Well, this product is either because I have acne and it's so .  Well, this product is either because I have acne and it's so sensitive, or because I'm so scared that my sensitive, or because I'm so scared that my sensitive, or because I'm so scared that my skin is so red after laser treatment skin is so red after laser treatment skin is so red after laser treatment .  I .  I .  I apply it almost instantly, and within 15 to 20 minutes, it apply it almost instantly, and within 15 to 20 minutes, it reaches a level that is not normally present. reaches a level that is not normally present. reaches a level that is not normally present. This was a truly great product This was a truly great product This was a truly great product .  That's why .  That's why .  That's why I choose this product right away.  Okay, the I choose this product right away.  Okay, the I choose this product right away.  Okay, the next ampoule I'm going to introduce is from a next ampoule I'm going to introduce is from a next ampoule I'm going to introduce is from a brand called Jinabel.   There is brand called Jinabel.   There is such a product called Pidin Vita Tonin Ampoule from the Jinabel brand.  Well, such a product called Pidin Vita Tonin Ampoule from the Jinabel brand.  Well, such a product called Pidin Vita Tonin Ampoule from the Jinabel brand.  Well, this product looks like a pretty cool looking this product looks like a pretty cool looking this product looks like a pretty cool looking glass bottle with 30 mg. glass bottle with 30 mg. glass bottle with 30 mg. Well, there was a Well, there was a Well, there was a person who was so full of these yellow things inside.  Well, person who was so full of these yellow things inside.  Well, person who was so full of these yellow things inside.  Well, this product has the advantage of containing all the essential ingredients and vitamins that are this product has the advantage of containing all the essential ingredients and vitamins that are this product has the advantage of containing all the essential ingredients and vitamins that are generally needed for human skin in this small container generally needed for human skin in this small container .  Well, what's so special about this .  Well, what's so special about this .  Well, what's so special about this ampoule is that ampoule is that ampoule is that in general, some in general, some in general, some types of heavy-duty ingredients are more likely to irritate types of heavy-duty ingredients are more likely to irritate types of heavy-duty ingredients are more likely to irritate sensitive, sensitive skin when used in excessive doses sensitive, sensitive skin when used in excessive doses .  Well, because of this, all the .  Well, because of this, all the .  Well, because of this, all the doses are perfectly adjusted doses are perfectly adjusted doses are perfectly adjusted .  So I thought it might be a little uncomfortable with so many things going on, but it .  So I thought it might be a little uncomfortable with so many things going on, but it wasn't at all. wasn't at all. wasn't at all. In addition to giving a good effect, it can be used In addition to giving a good effect, it can be used In addition to giving a good effect, it can be used alone without mixing many products, and alone without mixing many products, and alone without mixing many products, and now all the benefits can be now all the benefits can be now all the benefits can be seen on the skin. It's so seen on the skin. It's so seen on the skin. It's so smart, to me, it smart, to me, it smart, to me, it seemed like such a smart ampoule. It's almost like seemed like such a smart ampoule. It's almost like seemed like such a smart ampoule. It's almost like people worked on it. It was people worked on it. It was people worked on it. It was so special that it was so special that it was so special that it was created. That's why, in this particular created. That's why, in this particular created. That's why, in this particular section, section, section, I felt like I could buy this product without hesitation. I felt like I could buy this product without hesitation. I felt like I could buy this product without hesitation. Well, Well, Well, earlier, I was telling you that if you earlier, I was telling you that if you earlier, I was telling you that if you use serum like this, you don't need to use essence or something use serum like this, you don't need to use essence or something use serum like this, you don't need to use essence or something like that. like that. like that. Oh, Oh, I thought I'd mention two other products here.  If you don't want to use I thought I'd mention two other products here.  If you don't want to use I thought I'd mention two other products here.  If you don't want to use serum at all, you can serum at all, you can use this product called Onrians Brand's Skim Barrier Coming Lotion.  Well, in use this product called Onrians Brand's Skim Barrier Coming Lotion.  Well, in use this product called Onrians Brand's Skim Barrier Coming Lotion.  Well, in other words, it means in the absence of serum other words, it means in the absence of serum other words, it means in the absence of serum . . . Besides, the reason I'm highlighting this product is because my Besides, the reason I'm highlighting this product is because my skin has become so difficult and skin has become so difficult and skin has become so difficult and hopeless.  If you don't know what to do, and you're hopeless.  If you don't know what to do, and you're hopeless.  If you don't know what to do, and you're almost at the point where you almost at the point where you almost at the point where you need to go to the doctor or something, the need to go to the doctor or something, the need to go to the doctor or something, the first thing you should first thing you should first thing you should think about is that your skin condition may be damaged. think about is that your skin condition may be damaged. I'm recommending this product, right? The I'm recommending this product, right? The main ingredient in this product main ingredient in this product main ingredient in this product is panthenol, so there are is panthenol, so there are is panthenol, so there are several types of peptides, and on top of that, there's also several types of peptides, and on top of that, there's also several types of peptides, and on top of that, there's also sica, so you sica, so you can almost say that people all over Korea use this product. So how to can almost say that people all over Korea use this product. So how to can almost say that people all over Korea use this product. So how to use it? First, of use it? First, of use it? First, of course, after cleansing your face, course, after cleansing your face, course, after cleansing your face, apply your moisturizer, and then apply your moisturizer, and then apply your moisturizer, and then try using this product.  And it's obvious to the skin that it's being nourished in such a way that it's not even necessary try using this product.  And it's obvious to the skin that it's being nourished in such a way that it's not even necessary .  My skin is .  My skin is .  My skin is now so beautiful, and after you now so beautiful, and after you now so beautiful, and after you cleanse it and massage it, I have this cleanse it and massage it, I have this feeling that my skin is getting amazing moisture. feeling that my skin is getting amazing moisture. feeling that my skin is getting amazing moisture. This product gave me that exact feeling, and This product gave me that exact feeling, and This product gave me that exact feeling, and I've only had it for a short time, but I've only had it for a short time, but I've only had it for a short time, but overall, it's been overall, it's been overall, it's been working.  Well, here's a great tip for this product: working.  Well, here's a great tip for this product: if your skin is already quite rough, and you if your skin is already quite rough, and you want to make it a little healthier and a little better in a short time, want to make it a little healthier and a little better in a short time, want to make it a little healthier and a little better in a short time, first apply this, then apply that, then apply this, then apply first apply this, then apply that, then apply this, then apply first apply this, then apply that, then apply this, then apply this, then apply this, then apply this, then apply this, then apply this, then apply it this, then apply this, then apply it this, then apply this, then apply it a little thicker than just applying it normally, then apply a a little thicker than just applying it normally, then apply a a little thicker than just applying it normally, then apply a mask, and try it out. It's mask, and try it out. It's mask, and try it out. It's really, really super, it really, really super, it really, really super, it revitalizes the skin, you can tell right away after using it. There revitalizes the skin, you can tell right away after using it. There was a person who created this, and now there's this was a person who created this, and now there's this was a person who created this, and now there's this mask.  It's mask.  It's mask.  It's better if you use it with a mask. better if you use it with a mask. better if you use it with a mask. Oh, but if you don't have a mask, Oh, but if you don't have a mask, Oh, but if you don't have a mask, just put the mask you're using on top of this one just put the mask you're using on top of this one just put the mask you're using on top of this one and try it out and try it out and try it out .  Well, here's .  Well, here's .  Well, here's another similar product I recommend, and that's a another similar product I recommend, and that's a product called Beta Glucan Lacto Barrier Milk from the Ayunik brand.  Well, that's why it's not just a matter of product called Beta Glucan Lacto Barrier Milk from the Ayunik brand.  Well, that's why it's not just a matter of product called Beta Glucan Lacto Barrier Milk from the Ayunik brand.  Well, that's why it's not just a matter of taste, but an essence taste, but an essence taste, but an essence .  So instead of serum, you can .  So instead of serum, you can .  So instead of serum, you can use this use this use this .  Well, this product is .  Well, this product is .  Well, this product is exactly the same as what was talked about in the brand, the Ongrians, but exactly the same as what was talked about in the brand, the Ongrians, but exactly the same as what was talked about in the brand, the Ongrians, but now now now use it in the morning and evening after toner, and if you want to make your use it in the morning and evening after toner, and if you want to make your use it in the morning and evening after toner, and if you want to make your skin skin skin healthier faster, try applying this thickly under a mask. healthier faster, try applying this thickly under a mask. Well, for me, I can't help but tell you that these Well, for me, I can't help but tell you that these Well, for me, I can't help but tell you that these two products are the best choices. two products are the best choices. Well, the Well, the Well, the fourth part is the moisture fourth part is the moisture fourth part is the moisture part, which is the oil that we need to part, which is the oil that we need to part, which is the oil that we need to replenish all the previous ones that we have used. replenish all the previous ones that we have used. This is the second-to-last step in the morning, and the This is the second-to-last step in the morning, and the last and most last and most last and most important step in evening skin care.  Well, what important step in evening skin care.  Well, what important step in evening skin care.  Well, what if I lost if I lost if I lost all my beauty products and all my beauty products and bought new ones? bought new ones? If I were to ask what kind of oil I would buy at that time, I would buy this Shnobel brand oil without If I were to ask what kind of oil I would buy at that time, I would buy this Shnobel brand oil without If I were to ask what kind of oil I would buy at that time, I would buy this Shnobel brand oil without hesitation.  I hesitation.  I hesitation.  I introduced the appeal to you earlier introduced the appeal to you earlier introduced the appeal to you earlier .  So, without discussing the ingredients of this product, .  So, without discussing the ingredients of this product, I'll just tell you what my first impression of it was. I'll just tell you what my first impression of it was. I'll just tell you what my first impression of it was. My oil is still like this My oil is still like this My oil is still like this .  Well, that's why there was this oil that had 70 mg and was quite high in fat and .  Well, that's why there was this oil that had 70 mg and was quite high in fat and .  Well, that's why there was this oil that had 70 mg and was quite high in fat and calories calories calories .  Well, after trying this cream, I found it to be .  Well, after trying this cream, I found it to be a bit thick for a milk cream, a bit thick for a milk cream, a bit thick for a milk cream, so I always so I always so I always used it in the evening.  Well, of course, this is what the used it in the evening.  Well, of course, this is what the used it in the evening.  Well, of course, this is what the results of this oil results of this oil results of this oil look like when you wake up in the morning.  And for some people who sleep look like when you wake up in the morning.  And for some people who sleep with their eyes on both sides, they end up sleeping on the other side of the pillow, and with their eyes on both sides, they end up sleeping on the other side of the pillow, and then one then one then one morning they morning they morning they wake up with both of them looking at each other.  Actually, I wake up with both of them looking at each other.  Actually, I think that all of you, the audience, might also have similar feelings.  Oh, and when you think that all of you, the audience, might also have similar feelings.  Oh, and when you think that all of you, the audience, might also have similar feelings.  Oh, and when you use this, the dryness in both areas is use this, the dryness in both areas is use this, the dryness in both areas is relatively relatively relatively less.  In other words, less.  In other words, less.  In other words, because it was so well absorbed into the skin, there was very because it was so well absorbed into the skin, there was very little chance of it getting stuck to something or being vaporized.  And now, little chance of it getting stuck to something or being vaporized.  And now, little chance of it getting stuck to something or being vaporized.  And now, these thick oils are smeared on the skin, especially in this these thick oils are smeared on the skin, especially in this these thick oils are smeared on the skin, especially in this age group.  Well, if you have really age group.  Well, if you have really age group.  Well, if you have really thick skin, it's not that bad thick skin, it's not that bad thick skin, it's not that bad .  Well, this production was .  Well, this production was .  Well, this production was relatively good in that respect relatively good in that respect relatively good in that respect .  That's why I .  That's why I .  That's why I chose this without hesitation. chose this without hesitation. chose this without hesitation. Well, the next product to choose is an Well, the next product to choose is an oil called anua's pidirn a ps hlron.  Well, this oil is oil called anua's pidirn a ps hlron.  Well, this oil is one of my favorite oils that I've used in all winters, so if you don't have one of my favorite oils that I've used in all winters, so if you don't have one of my favorite oils that I've used in all winters, so if you don't have anything else, anything else, anything else, get it now without hesitation.   If you get it now without hesitation.   If you get it now without hesitation.   If you think about the oil of Sayan Zenobel, it's a little bit like that, a little bit like that, a little bit like that, and these think about the oil of Sayan Zenobel, it's a little bit like that, a little bit like that, a little bit like that, and these days, days, days, even before the press, we need to use this oil even before the press, we need to use this oil even before the press, we need to use this oil .  At that .  At that .  At that time, this is the most suitable. time, this is the most suitable. time, this is the most suitable. Additionally, Additionally, Additionally, this product this product this product seems to work really well as a makeup base.  Okay, seems to work really well as a makeup base.  Okay, seems to work really well as a makeup base.  Okay, now the last part of this list is the now the last part of this list is the now the last part of this list is the section called protection. section called protection. section called protection. Well, we have to protect our faces during the day Well, we have to protect our faces during the day Well, we have to protect our faces during the day .  He is definitely like the sun .  He is definitely like the sun .  He is definitely like the sun .  Well, as for the sun, I .  Well, as for the sun, I decided not to mention the many different types of sun. decided not to mention the many different types of sun. Let me share with you the creations I've finished using recently that I like the most.  Well, that Let me share with you the creations I've finished using recently that I like the most.  Well, that Let me share with you the creations I've finished using recently that I like the most.  Well, that product is Dr. Algiin's Aqua product is Dr. Algiin's Aqua product is Dr. Algiin's Aqua Glow Sunscreen.  You do Glow Sunscreen.  You do n't usually think that this is the end of it, but you use n't usually think that this is the end of it, but you use n't usually think that this is the end of it, but you use a product that you really like, and it a product that you really like, and it a product that you really like, and it ends up being awfully fast, even though you haven't used it once ends up being awfully fast, even though you haven't used it once ends up being awfully fast, even though you haven't used it once . . . I thought it was over so quickly, and then I realized that I thought it was over so quickly, and then I realized that I thought it was over so quickly, and then I realized that the products I didn't like were not going to the products I didn't like were not going to the products I didn't like were not going to last long. For me, last long. For me, last long. For me, this summer, the sun was a little heavy, so I this summer, the sun was a little heavy, so I thought it would be a bit sticky and my face would be a bit dry. It was thought it would be a bit sticky and my face would be a bit dry. It was thought it would be a bit sticky and my face would be a bit dry. It was relatively good. relatively good. relatively good. Then, Then, Then, I made my face look like this. But I haven't used this before makeup. I don't usually wear makeup, I made my face look like this. But I haven't used this before makeup. I don't usually wear makeup, so I just apply it right away. so I just apply it right away. so I just apply it right away. Then, I liked it. It covers the Then, I liked it. It covers the Then, I liked it. It covers the redness of my skin redness of my skin redness of my skin really well. I was the kind of person who didn't need to really well. I was the kind of person who didn't need to really well. I was the kind of person who didn't need to use any other products. use any other products. Some types of sunscreens just Some types of sunscreens just rub off a little bit during the day, and then I feel a little uncomfortable. rub off a little bit during the day, and then I feel a little uncomfortable. rub off a little bit during the day, and then I feel a little uncomfortable. Well, I Well, I feel like I shouldn't wear a moisturizer or something like that. This doesn't do that at all. In feel like I shouldn't wear a moisturizer or something like that. This doesn't do that at all. In feel like I shouldn't wear a moisturizer or something like that. This doesn't do that at all. In that regard, it that regard, it that regard, it felt really good.  I don't know felt really good.  I don't know felt really good.  I don't know what kind of cloud it is, but it was a what kind of cloud it is, but it was a beautiful sun-like cloud that didn't cause any problems, even if I created it like a cloud and didn't paint it.  So if I don't have beautiful sun-like cloud that didn't cause any problems, even if I created it like a cloud and didn't paint it.  So if I don't have beautiful sun-like cloud that didn't cause any problems, even if I created it like a cloud and didn't paint it.  So if I don't have any other products right now, I'll any other products right now, I'll choose this one right away.  Okay, so choose this one right away.  Okay, so now let's introduce what to buy if you want to buy additional products like a mask, lip balm, and hand cream now let's introduce what to buy if you want to buy additional products like a mask, lip balm, and hand cream now let's introduce what to buy if you want to buy additional products like a mask, lip balm, and hand cream .  Well, as for masks, .  Well, as for masks, I really I really I really like Dr. Melaxin's blue mask.  I don't have it now like Dr. Melaxin's blue mask.  I don't have it now like Dr. Melaxin's blue mask.  I don't have it now .  I mean, it's not there anymore .  I mean, it's not there anymore .  I mean, it's not there anymore because it's already been used up.  Well, because it's already been used up.  Well, because it's already been used up.  Well, I'll choose that mask without hesitation I'll choose that mask without hesitation I'll choose that mask without hesitation .  It perfectly nourishes the skin, even deep down .  It perfectly nourishes the skin, even deep down .  It perfectly nourishes the skin, even deep down .  I've been .  I've been .  I've been using it for a long time. using it for a long time. using it for a long time. I have ended several relationships.  Now there is someone who does that. I have ended several relationships.  Now there is someone who does that. I have ended several relationships.  Now there is someone who does that. Well, I'll take that.  So, Well, I'll take that.  So, Well, I'll take that.  So, what would I choose for my lip care now? I what would I choose for my lip care now? I would choose this product called Laneige Lip Slipin Mask.  Well, would choose this product called Laneige Lip Slipin Mask.  Well, instead of just applying this product at night before going to bed, it would be a good idea to apply it during instead of just applying this product at night before going to bed, it would be a good idea to apply it during instead of just applying this product at night before going to bed, it would be a good idea to apply it during the day and then leave it on the day and then leave it on .  Well, .  Well, this is the product I've used that I like the most in terms of overall lip care this is the product I've used that I like the most in terms of overall lip care this is the product I've used that I like the most in terms of overall lip care .  Besides, we need a helping hand .  Besides, we need a helping hand .  Besides, we need a helping hand every day, every day, every day, even when we go to sleep at night even when we go to sleep at night even when we go to sleep at night .  We now feel like we .  We now feel like we .  We now feel like we touch everything first with our hands touch everything first with our hands touch everything first with our hands .  Even though you're cleaning the house and carrying things around, .  Even though you're cleaning the house and carrying things around, .  Even though you're cleaning the house and carrying things around, your hands are actually constantly your hands are actually constantly lagging behind your skin.  So it is lagging behind your skin.  So it is lagging behind your skin.  So it is very important for us to take care of our hands. very important for us to take care of our hands. very important for us to take care of our hands. Well, I Well, I Well, I was a big fan of Loxiton.  I was a big fan of Loxiton.  I was a big fan of Loxiton.  I use Loxiton all the time.  He has been using it for many years use Loxiton all the time.  He has been using it for many years use Loxiton all the time.  He has been using it for many years .  In the past, .  In the past, .  In the past, Optatum was a Korean brand that Optatum was a Korean brand that Optatum was a Korean brand that was created to create a small luxury class, and now this was created to create a small luxury class, and now this was created to create a small luxury class, and now this brand has entered Mongolia.  Well, brand has entered Mongolia.  Well, I've been I've been I've been using this brand's Happiness Booster for quite some time now.  Well, for using this brand's Happiness Booster for quite some time now.  Well, for using this brand's Happiness Booster for quite some time now.  Well, for me, it me, it me, it felt so much better than the loxito.  And the felt so much better than the loxito.  And the felt so much better than the loxito.  And the advantage of this product is that it advantage of this product is that it advantage of this product is that it smells exactly like perfume.  This very same smells exactly like perfume.  This very same smells exactly like perfume.  This very same dream is also said to be accompanied by perfume dream is also said to be accompanied by perfume dream is also said to be accompanied by perfume .  It smells exactly like that .  It smells exactly like that .  It smells exactly like that .  Well, washing doesn't .  Well, washing doesn't .  Well, washing doesn't get rid of the smell. get rid of the smell. get rid of the smell. As for the consistency, it seemed like it was As for the consistency, it seemed like it was As for the consistency, it seemed like it was giving a better consistency than L'Occitane giving a better consistency than L'Occitane giving a better consistency than L'Occitane .  Oh, and this is the .  Oh, and this is the .  Oh, and this is the one I always have in my bag one I always have in my bag one I always have in my bag .  And most importantly, the price is .  And most importantly, the price is .  And most importantly, the price is very affordable.  Well, it's like this, it's like very affordable.  Well, it's like this, it's like very affordable.  Well, it's like this, it's like 30 thousand kyats 30 thousand kyats 30 thousand kyats .  Because Loxidon is so .  Because Loxidon is so .  Because Loxidon is so big, it's probably about big, it's probably about big, it's probably about 100,000 miles away. 100,000 miles away. 100,000 miles away. So it's getting quite expensive So it's getting quite expensive So it's getting quite expensive .  And I've completely .  And I've completely .  And I've completely changed my handwriting and now I always changed my handwriting and now I always changed my handwriting and now I always use optical devices.  Well, anyway, I use optical devices.  Well, anyway, I hope you all enjoyed today's episode.   Please be sure to hope you all enjoyed today's episode.   Please be sure to leave your comments about this video.  Well, if you're feeling like you're getting tired of doing leave your comments about this video.  Well, if you're feeling like you're getting tired of doing leave your comments about this video.  Well, if you're feeling like you're getting tired of doing any kind of skincare, any kind of skincare, any kind of skincare, or whatever, or if you're just or whatever, or if you're just talking nonsense, or whatever, or whatever, the talking nonsense, or whatever, or whatever, the first thing you'll say is, go to a beauty store and buy some products. first thing you'll say is, go to a beauty store and buy some products. I would be very happy if you would write about which products to buy. I would be very happy if you would write about which products to buy. I would be very happy if you would write about which products to buy. Additionally, Additionally, Additionally, if you have tried any of the products mentioned today, if you have tried any of the products mentioned today, please leave a comment about it in the comments section please leave a comment about it in the comments section please leave a comment about it in the comments section .  So, .  So, .  So, thank you for sticking with us this time.  Let's go back to the thank you for sticking with us this time.  Let's go back to the thank you for sticking with us this time.  Let's go back to the next issue. next issue. next issue.