I've been thinking for a long time about preparing today's issue, thinking that if all my skincare products were gone, lost, or somehow I would need to buy skincare products in such a short time, I would do it.
Well,
among the people watching this video, I think there are also
various people watching, whether they are first-time users or people who don't have much understanding about skins, or people who know a little bit about them and generally understand what they're doing, and of course, they are very familiar with the human side of creating skins
. Well, I've
made room for this part. That's why I'll be
entering it with my picture and name like this. I think it would be
clearer to you if it were that way
. And I hope this video will be helpful, especially for
first-time users who aren't sure what to use
. Okay, so first of all, of
course, there's the section called cliches.
We need to cleanse our skin in the morning and evening to remove the dirt that has accumulated throughout the day and night, both from air pollution and pollution
. Okay, so
among the cleansing products, the first product I'm going to look at right now is the
cleansing gel from the brand
Latam. Okay, so now
I've used up two or three bottles of the cleaning solution
. This was a
really nice product, suitable even for very sensitive skin
. And
since I'm a person who makes purchases like this all the time, I thought it was a
particularly suitable
product for consumers. Well, I
think this product would be great for people who generally have dry, sensitive skin and who have used a lot of products that don't suit their skin. Well,
even for mature skin over 30, it
provides enough nutrients and, in addition, it
cleanses very well, so
I have
no doubt that I will choose this product
. Well, I don't have the container
. I ended up
throwing away all the bottles of the product,
so I have a round labia cleansing pad
. Well, I can't even remember how many times I've used this cleansing pad
. There are products that are used a lot and even
used regularly
. Well, most of
the products in Round Lab are now so disappointing that there are so few
people who can make them, and so few
brands that are beautiful. I've been
using Roundup for many years. There
are brands that I really like and think are really beautiful. In particular,
cleansing pads are best used in the morning and evening.
In addition, cleansing
pads generally
require washing after wiping, while round line
cleansing pads do not require washing after use,
so I think they would be a great choice for those who are a little lazy
. Well, of course, it's been
cleaned thoroughly now, right
? Well, or is it just a case of cleansing with this cleanser? Even in
that
case, you still need to wash your face
. Well, there
's a brand called Bai Select that I've been using recently that I really like. Well,
people may not know this brand very well.
This brand has only recently arrived in Mongolia
. As far as I can
remember, this one came in around March or April,
or maybe in May
. And since this
product is sold in many branches, it seems
. And
for the price, it was a great opportunity
. And generally,
the products sold in pharmacies are not good, so they are just trying to gain trust
.
So I
thought I'd talk about this brand separately. It's true that there are
many Korean brands that are affordable but have poor service
. People
are not well-known now, but they really have good results, and
now this brand is
so professional, even dermatologists,
right? Oh, there are
now brands like this that have been created by professional teams, and
I
thought this was the one to choose. So, what makes this cleansing
foam so special to me is that, of
course, foam
cleansers, no matter what type or
brand, are inherently
designed to remove impurities. Well,
most of these cleansing
foams are either too thick to be washed off with water,
or they form a kind of film on the face that doesn't come off at all
. It makes me feel so
uncomfortable now. You probably
understand in general. It is
necessary to rinse it off with water. If you don't rinse it off well, the
residue will remain on your face, which will
irritate your skin.
Some types of foam cleansers actually do the
opposite, instead of cleansing your
skin, they can actually make it feel uncomfortable.
So why did I find this cleanser
so good?
Of course, the price is reasonable, and the
second reason is that it doesn't leave any
residue after washing with it
. It doesn't
form any kind of shell. It's a nice feature of the dish that, after washing it well,
nothing remains after it is said
. And because of this, it had a
very faint, faint,
unpleasantly pleasant smell. Ah,
but after washing, that smell
doesn't stay on your face at all. Then again,
things with a slightly pungent smell like this are
irritating to the nose
. That was not the case at all.
So I recommend that you all take another look at this
. Well,
since it was suitable for sensitive skin, I thought it would be fine for all other
skin types
. There was this new, strange
brand that I really liked
. Well, at
the level of cleanliness, I wouldn't feel bad about
buying more products like this
. Well, I would also recommend that people with other skin
types or skin like mine
use these same products, as they will
cleanse their skin well without causing any skin problems
. Well, the second one is the section called Ton
. Well, as you
all know, we'll talk about the Thunder. The
most important thing in skincare right now is makeup
. So, as for the tuna, let
me introduce you to two types of tuna
. Well, if I were to
buy this again, I
would buy this product, the number nine of this brand, PS PDR Globe Boston Toner, without any hesitation. Well, this
product was unique in that,
in addition to the now-famous ingredient, it also
contained 50 different peptides, including Pidi Ovulaad
. Well, this
product is generally designed to provide both
excellent nutrients and skin benefits
. Well, if you have a
slightly sagging area that is already plumped up, it's
like it's filling that area in. In general,
almost everyone who has used
this product has
felt good about it. It's so beautiful without any sound
. It
makes you look so healthy and healthy. There was such a
wonderful person who gave me both good nutrition and a lot of joy. Well,
I'm going to choose one of these two next time
. There is a product
called War, a brand that makes people happy
. Well, earlier, I
introduced you to the Palatome cleansing water. Well, after that,
I've been using this water called Vitalizing Water, and it's gotten a little bit smaller now
.
This is really good water. I wouldn't have minded taking this, would I? I'm
finishing up the other tones that I won't be using anyway. Then, later, let's
go here. And when I
tried this, it was really good
. And then, like this,
I used it until it was 200 milligrams and it was so small that it was unbearable
. Well, of course,
take it in your palm, warm it up by rubbing your hands together
a little,
and then
apply it to your face like this.
Well, or even
better, if you want to feel the benefits of this product for a
longer period of time, and then feel it on your face, if you
soak it in the cotton pad you use and
place it on your cheeks and chin,
you
will feel the benefits that this product is going to provide to your skin. Then
I will tell you to choose one of these two products, platinum or nombuzin
. Well, another product that is coming into this Tuner section is the
Tuner Pad. You all
use the pad as a tuner instead of a tuner, and if you use the pad like this,
how do you absorb it now, how do you get more out of it, of course, you hold it on the ground for
a while, then press it and
then move it around like this
.
Since there is a lot of it, I
thought I would add a pad that doesn't have any strings attached. Well, since I have a choice now, there is a
product called a sensor pad. Well, this one has a lot of
essence, 250 mg, in a small bottle. Actually, there are about twenty
essences, and they are really good now
. Well, I've used many different types of paste
. I use it every day, usually all the time
. For someone who uses
each pad like oil and water,
this pad is really, really
good. I've been
talking about this in many previous issues. Will keep
talking. I will continue to take this
.
I thought it would continue to be a struggle. It was such a beautiful product
. And
if I don't need to buy a liquid mattress right now, I'll definitely
choose this paddy right now
. This pad helps
my skin
look radiant and healthy overall, morning and night
. Well, since it's the
third one,
there's a section called trait. Well, when it comes to traits, of
course, if we think about a toner that is more suitable for our skin, we
need a higher concentration that provides a better effect. Well, since it's
in there, essences, serums,
ampoules, and cream products are useful
. Well, while I'm talking about this part, I
think I'd like to give you one more thing as just advice. Well,
Korean hair care is incredibly complicated, with so
many steps
. People always say that they have to apply it to the scalp, then
apply essence on top, then this and that, and that
But in reality,
if you use a serum, you don't necessarily need to
use an essence.
If you've used essence, there's no
need to use serum
. In general, it is
considered sufficient to use one.
In other words, if I had already
reached the ampoule, I would have applied another layer of serum
. Well, of course, you can
apply a serum essence that matches your skin type and then apply it
. Well, in general, if it's just for everyday use, there's no
need to apply it in layers
. Well, the product I choose now is a
brand called Nov.
Well, this Noah brand is
pretty famous for their product called Ecto Panthenol Shampoo
. And generally, it's like this is what I
call training or whatever it was, and
after using it like this, it's like I came out looking like this
. It's like it gives you
that feeling of being in a spa and coming out,
so that's what's written
. And every time I use this, it
really
smooths out my skin, and now there are a
lot of people who have damaged skin due to acne
. Whether it's the sun,
the wind, or something like that, or maybe you
've used some kind of strong product,
or maybe you've been using a laser, or maybe you've been using it so hard that your skin is uncomfortable,
we first need to make our skin
barrier healthy and then
use the next ingredient.
Well, at that time, there was a person who was so creative that this brand called Nov was a
great help
. I've
finished two bottles now. Now, we're on our way to the
third stage
. Well, this product is either because I have acne and it's so
sensitive, or because I'm so scared that my
skin is so red after laser treatment
. I
apply it almost instantly, and within 15 to 20 minutes, it
reaches a level that is not normally present.
This was a truly great product
. That's why
I choose this product right away. Okay, the
next ampoule I'm going to introduce is from a
brand called Jinabel. There is
such a product called Pidin Vita Tonin Ampoule from the Jinabel brand. Well,
this product looks like a pretty cool looking
glass bottle with 30 mg.
Well, there was a
person who was so full of these yellow things inside. Well,
this product has the advantage of containing all the essential ingredients and vitamins that are
generally needed for human skin in this small container
. Well, what's so special about this
ampoule is that
in general, some
types of heavy-duty ingredients are more likely to irritate
sensitive, sensitive skin when used in excessive doses
. Well, because of this, all the
doses are perfectly adjusted
. So I thought it might be a little uncomfortable with so many things going on, but it
wasn't at all.
In addition to giving a good effect, it can be used
alone without mixing many products, and
now all the benefits can be
seen on the skin. It's so
smart, to me, it
seemed like such a smart ampoule. It's almost like
people worked on it. It was
so special that it was
created. That's why, in this particular
section,
I felt like I could buy this product without hesitation.
Well,
earlier, I was telling you that if you
use serum like this, you don't need to use essence or something
like that.
Oh,
I thought I'd mention two other products here. If you don't want to use
serum at all, you can
use this product called Onrians Brand's Skim Barrier Coming Lotion. Well, in
other words, it means in the absence of serum
.
Besides, the reason I'm highlighting this product is because my
skin has become so difficult and
hopeless. If you don't know what to do, and you're
almost at the point where you
need to go to the doctor or something, the
first thing you should
think about is that your skin condition may be damaged.
I'm recommending this product, right? The
main ingredient in this product
is panthenol, so there are
several types of peptides, and on top of that, there's also
sica, so you
can almost say that people all over Korea use this product. So how to
use it? First, of
course, after cleansing your face,
apply your moisturizer, and then
try using this product. And it's obvious to the skin that it's being nourished in such a way that it's not even necessary
. My skin is
now so beautiful, and after you
cleanse it and massage it, I have this
feeling that my skin is getting amazing moisture.
This product gave me that exact feeling, and
I've only had it for a short time, but
overall, it's been
working. Well, here's a great tip for this product:
if your skin is already quite rough, and you
want to make it a little healthier and a little better in a short time,
first apply this, then apply that, then apply this, then apply
this, then apply this, then apply it
a little thicker than just applying it normally, then apply a
mask, and try it out. It's
really, really super, it
revitalizes the skin, you can tell right away after using it. There
was a person who created this, and now there's this
mask. It's
better if you use it with a mask.
Oh, but if you don't have a mask,
just put the mask you're using on top of this one
and try it out
. Well, here's
another similar product I recommend, and that's a
product called Beta Glucan Lacto Barrier Milk from the Ayunik brand. Well, that's why it's not just a matter of
taste, but an essence
. So instead of serum, you can
use this
. Well, this product is
exactly the same as what was talked about in the brand, the Ongrians, but
now
use it in the morning and evening after toner, and if you want to make your
skin
healthier faster, try applying this thickly under a mask.
Well, for me, I can't help but tell you that these
two products are the best choices.
Well, the
fourth part is the moisture
part, which is the oil that we need to
replenish all the previous ones that we have used.
This is the second-to-last step in the morning, and the
last and most
important step in evening skin care. Well, what
if I lost
all my beauty products and
bought new ones?
If I were to ask what kind of oil I would buy at that time, I would buy this Shnobel brand oil without
hesitation. I
introduced the appeal to you earlier
. So, without discussing the ingredients of this product,
I'll just tell you what my first impression of it was.
My oil is still like this
. Well, that's why there was this oil that had 70 mg and was quite high in fat and
calories
. Well, after trying this cream, I found it to be
a bit thick for a milk cream,
so I always
used it in the evening. Well, of course, this is what the
results of this oil
look like when you wake up in the morning. And for some people who sleep
with their eyes on both sides, they end up sleeping on the other side of the pillow, and
then one
morning they
wake up with both of them looking at each other. Actually, I
think that all of you, the audience, might also have similar feelings. Oh, and when you
use this, the dryness in both areas is
relatively
less. In other words,
because it was so well absorbed into the skin, there was very
little chance of it getting stuck to something or being vaporized. And now,
these thick oils are smeared on the skin, especially in this
age group. Well, if you have really
thick skin, it's not that bad
. Well, this production was
relatively good in that respect
. That's why I
chose this without hesitation.
Well, the next product to choose is an
oil called anua's pidirn a ps hlron. Well, this oil is
one of my favorite oils that I've used in all winters, so if you don't have
anything else,
get it now without hesitation. If you
think about the oil of Sayan Zenobel, it's a little bit like that, a little bit like that, a little bit like that, and these
days,
even before the press, we need to use this oil
. At that
time, this is the most suitable.
Additionally,
this product
seems to work really well as a makeup base. Okay,
now the last part of this list is the
section called protection.
Well, we have to protect our faces during the day
. He is definitely like the sun
. Well, as for the sun, I
decided not to mention the many different types of sun.
Let me share with you the creations I've finished using recently that I like the most. Well, that
product is Dr. Algiin's Aqua
Glow Sunscreen. You do
n't usually think that this is the end of it, but you use
a product that you really like, and it
ends up being awfully fast, even though you haven't used it once
.
I thought it was over so quickly, and then I realized that
the products I didn't like were not going to
last long. For me,
this summer, the sun was a little heavy, so I
thought it would be a bit sticky and my face would be a bit dry. It was
relatively good.
Then,
I made my face look like this. But I haven't used this before makeup. I don't usually wear makeup,
so I just apply it right away.
Then, I liked it. It covers the
redness of my skin
really well. I was the kind of person who didn't need to
use any other products.
Some types of sunscreens just
rub off a little bit during the day, and then I feel a little uncomfortable.
Well, I
feel like I shouldn't wear a moisturizer or something like that. This doesn't do that at all. In
that regard, it
felt really good. I don't know
what kind of cloud it is, but it was a
beautiful sun-like cloud that didn't cause any problems, even if I created it like a cloud and didn't paint it. So if I don't have
any other products right now, I'll
choose this one right away. Okay, so
now let's introduce what to buy if you want to buy additional products like a mask, lip balm, and hand cream
. Well, as for masks,
I really
like Dr. Melaxin's blue mask. I don't have it now
. I mean, it's not there anymore
because it's already been used up. Well,
I'll choose that mask without hesitation
. It perfectly nourishes the skin, even deep down
. I've been
using it for a long time.
I have ended several relationships. Now there is someone who does that.
Well, I'll take that. So,
what would I choose for my lip care now? I
would choose this product called Laneige Lip Slipin Mask. Well,
instead of just applying this product at night before going to bed, it would be a good idea to apply it during
the day and then leave it on
. Well,
this is the product I've used that I like the most in terms of overall lip care
. Besides, we need a helping hand
every day,
even when we go to sleep at night
. We now feel like we
touch everything first with our hands
. Even though you're cleaning the house and carrying things around,
your hands are actually constantly
lagging behind your skin. So it is
very important for us to take care of our hands.
Well, I
was a big fan of Loxiton. I
use Loxiton all the time. He has been using it for many years
. In the past,
Optatum was a Korean brand that
was created to create a small luxury class, and now this
brand has entered Mongolia. Well,
I've been
using this brand's Happiness Booster for quite some time now. Well, for
me, it
felt so much better than the loxito. And the
advantage of this product is that it
smells exactly like perfume. This very same
dream is also said to be accompanied by perfume
. It smells exactly like that
. Well, washing doesn't
get rid of the smell.
As for the consistency, it seemed like it was
giving a better consistency than L'Occitane
. Oh, and this is the
one I always have in my bag
. And most importantly, the price is
very affordable. Well, it's like this, it's like
30 thousand kyats
. Because Loxidon is so
big, it's probably about
100,000 miles away.
So it's getting quite expensive
. And I've completely
changed my handwriting and now I always
use optical devices. Well, anyway, I
hope you all enjoyed today's episode. Please be sure to
leave your comments about this video. Well, if you're feeling like you're getting tired of doing
any kind of skincare,
or whatever, or if you're just
talking nonsense, or whatever, or whatever, the
first thing you'll say is, go to a beauty store and buy some products.
I would be very happy if you would write about which products to buy.
Additionally,
if you have tried any of the products mentioned today,
please leave a comment about it in the comments section
. So,
thank you for sticking with us this time. Let's go back to the
next issue.
