Let me show you what I got from Pets at Let me show you what I got from Pets at Let me show you what I got from Pets at Home today. Went out to Pets at Home and Home today. Went out to Pets at Home and Home today. Went out to Pets at Home and let me show you what I got. let me show you what I got. let me show you what I got. So, I got a carrot. I got two of these. So, I got a carrot. I got two of these. So, I got a carrot. I got two of these. I got a strawberry piñata. I got some um I got a strawberry piñata. I got some um I got a strawberry piñata. I got some um crushed charcoal for the parrots, some crushed charcoal for the parrots, some crushed charcoal for the parrots, some rose petals for the parrots, rose petals for the parrots, rose petals for the parrots, um um um some grit for the parrots, some mixed some grit for the parrots, some mixed some grit for the parrots, some mixed herbs, some flowers, vegetable mix. And herbs, some flowers, vegetable mix. And herbs, some flowers, vegetable mix. And I also got another I also got another I also got another another carrot another carrot another carrot and another carrot. So, this is just all and another carrot. So, this is just all and another carrot. So, this is just all for the pets for the for the pets for the for the pets for the for the pets, for the parrots this time. for the pets, for the parrots this time. for the pets, for the parrots this time. Um so, yeah. So, all of these goodies Um so, yeah. So, all of these goodies Um so, yeah. So, all of these goodies from Pets at Home are just for the from Pets at Home are just for the from Pets at Home are just for the parrots this time. Next time, I'll parrots this time. Next time, I'll parrots this time. Next time, I'll probably get something for the other probably get something for the other probably get something for the other pets, which they've already had the time pets, which they've already had the time pets, which they've already had the time before. before. before. Um We're going to Pets at Home every Um We're going to Pets at Home every Um We're going to Pets at Home every week at the moment and seeing what week at the moment and seeing what week at the moment and seeing what goodies they've got in. So, this little goodies they've got in. So, this little goodies they've got in. So, this little goody bag is just for the parrots. Let's goody bag is just for the parrots. Let's goody bag is just for the parrots. Let's go. And I got two of these piñatas go. And I got two of these piñatas go. And I got two of these piñatas because they're because they're because they're Nora's favorite and also the other Nora's favorite and also the other Nora's favorite and also the other parrots like them do.