If you've ever fought over the If you've ever fought over the If you've ever fought over the thermostat at night, this one's for you. thermostat at night, this one's for you. thermostat at night, this one's for you. >> We're talking about the Tempropedic >> We're talking about the Tempropedic >> We're talking about the Tempropedic Active Breeze, the most innovative sleep Active Breeze, the most innovative sleep Active Breeze, the most innovative sleep system Tempropedic has ever created. system Tempropedic has ever created. system Tempropedic has ever created. >> And of course, it's from the brand >> And of course, it's from the brand >> And of course, it's from the brand that's the most highly recommended bed that's the most highly recommended bed that's the most highly recommended bed in America. in America. in America. >> Here's what makes the Active Breeze a >> Here's what makes the Active Breeze a >> Here's what makes the Active Breeze a total game changer. It gives each total game changer. It gives each total game changer. It gives each sleeper their own temperature zone. This sleeper their own temperature zone. This sleeper their own temperature zone. This is an incredible added benefit to the is an incredible added benefit to the is an incredible added benefit to the already incredibly popular medium hybrid already incredibly popular medium hybrid already incredibly popular medium hybrid design. That's right. You can sleep design. That's right. You can sleep design. That's right. You can sleep cooler and I can sleep warmer. Or vice cooler and I can sleep warmer. Or vice cooler and I can sleep warmer. Or vice versa. Each side has independent versa. Each side has independent versa. Each side has independent controls to raise or lower the controls to raise or lower the controls to raise or lower the temperature from low, medium to high, temperature from low, medium to high, temperature from low, medium to high, resulting in a temperature range resulting in a temperature range resulting in a temperature range difference of up to 30°. difference of up to 30°. difference of up to 30°. >> So I don't have to sleep under a >> So I don't have to sleep under a >> So I don't have to sleep under a mountain of blankets just because mountain of blankets just because mountain of blankets just because Katie's cold anymore. Katie's cold anymore. Katie's cold anymore. >> And I don't have to turn into a popsicle >> And I don't have to turn into a popsicle >> And I don't have to turn into a popsicle just because Greg over here is running just because Greg over here is running just because Greg over here is running hot. This system uses quiet built-in hot. This system uses quiet built-in hot. This system uses quiet built-in fans and active climate channels under fans and active climate channels under fans and active climate channels under the surface to circulate air and control the surface to circulate air and control the surface to circulate air and control the microclimate around each sleeper. the microclimate around each sleeper. the microclimate around each sleeper. It's not just about cooling you off, It's not just about cooling you off, It's not just about cooling you off, it's about helping your body stay at its it's about helping your body stay at its it's about helping your body stay at its optimal temperature all night long. optimal temperature all night long. optimal temperature all night long. >> And it still features that iconic temper >> And it still features that iconic temper >> And it still features that iconic temper material which adapts to each person's material which adapts to each person's material which adapts to each person's unique shape, weight, and temperature. unique shape, weight, and temperature. unique shape, weight, and temperature. So even if you move, your partner won't So even if you move, your partner won't So even if you move, your partner won't feel it. This is a perfect example of feel it. This is a perfect example of feel it. This is a perfect example of why we love Tempropedic as a company. why we love Tempropedic as a company. why we love Tempropedic as a company. They actually listen to what customers They actually listen to what customers They actually listen to what customers are struggling with. Hot sleeping, are struggling with. Hot sleeping, are struggling with. Hot sleeping, motion transfer, and comfort difference. motion transfer, and comfort difference. motion transfer, and comfort difference. >> And they create real solutions that >> And they create real solutions that >> And they create real solutions that work. The active breathe system is work. The active breathe system is work. The active breathe system is Tempropedic's direct answer to couples Tempropedic's direct answer to couples Tempropedic's direct answer to couples who've been saying for years, we just who've been saying for years, we just who've been saying for years, we just can't agree on the temperature. can't agree on the temperature. can't agree on the temperature. >> So if temperature battles are messing >> So if temperature battles are messing >> So if temperature battles are messing with your sleep, with your sleep, with your sleep, >> stop compromising. The active breeze >> stop compromising. The active breeze >> stop compromising. The active breeze lets you both have it your way. Come try lets you both have it your way. Come try lets you both have it your way. Come try it out at Sweet Dreams Furniture and it out at Sweet Dreams Furniture and it out at Sweet Dreams Furniture and Mattress, where you'll feel the Mattress, where you'll feel the Mattress, where you'll feel the difference from the moment you lie down.