Hello Hi Good Morning and Welcome to my Hello Hi Good Morning and Welcome to my Hello Hi Good Morning and Welcome to my channel Guys.  Today I would like to inform you that channel Guys.  Today I would like to inform you that channel Guys.  Today I would like to inform you that I have received the products that I purchased from nka. I have received the products that I purchased from nka. I have received the products that I purchased from nka. So first of all I will So first of all I will So first of all I will share its unboxing with you all and share its unboxing with you all and share its unboxing with you all and I will tell you which products I have I will tell you which products I have I will tell you which products I have purchased.  What are its uses? purchased.  What are its uses? purchased.  What are its uses? But since this is an unboxing, I will But since this is an unboxing, I will But since this is an unboxing, I will only show you only show you only show you which products I have purchased. which products I have purchased. You will get all the detailing of the products in my upcoming videos. You will get all the detailing of the products in my upcoming videos. You will get all the detailing of the products in my upcoming videos. What are the uses of which products What are the uses of which products What are the uses of which products , what are the benefits, what , what are the benefits, what , what are the benefits, what are the results?  You will get all those things in my upcoming videos. are the results?  You will get all those things in my upcoming videos. are the results?  You will get all those things in my upcoming videos. So now first of all let me So now first of all let me So now first of all let me show you that I have show you that I have show you that I have received this box like this.  I haven't received this box like this.  I haven't received this box like this.  I haven't unboxed it yet.  So, unboxed it yet.  So, unboxed it yet.  So, first of all let me unbox it first of all let me unbox it first of all let me unbox it and share with you guys and share with you guys and share with you guys how this product is.  So, first of all we will do how this product is.  So, first of all we will do how this product is.  So, first of all we will do its unboxing and I will its unboxing and I will its unboxing and I will show you one by one which show you one by one which show you one by one which products I have purchased from nka. products I have purchased from nka. products I have purchased from nka. Because there was a sale going on at NYKA.  So I have Because there was a sale going on at NYKA.  So I have Because there was a sale going on at NYKA.  So I have also purchased some products.  First also purchased some products.  First also purchased some products.  First of all of all of all look at this.  Its packaging and look at this.  Its packaging and look at this.  Its packaging and covering looks something like this.  Then covering looks something like this.  Then covering looks something like this.  Then I will open it and see. I will open it and see. I will open it and see. Look at this.  The first product I received is Look at this.  The first product I received is Look at this.  The first product I received is Mar's lipstick.  This is a Mar's lipstick.  This is a Mar's lipstick.  This is a combo set.  Its MRP price is combo set.  Its MRP price is combo set.  Its MRP price is almost Rs 450.  But after discount almost Rs 450.  But after discount almost Rs 450.  But after discount I got it for a little less.  Its shade I got it for a little less.  Its shade I got it for a little less.  Its shade number is 001.  It has a red maroon shade. number is 001.  It has a red maroon shade. number is 001.  It has a red maroon shade. So look at this.  This is the first product So look at this.  This is the first product So look at this.  This is the first product I received from NYKA which I had I received from NYKA which I had I received from NYKA which I had purchased.  But yes, overall purchased.  But yes, overall purchased.  But yes, overall its packaging is very good. its packaging is very good. its packaging is very good. I have purchased it after that. I have purchased it after that. I have purchased it after that. See. This is a beautiful eye shadow pat which This is a beautiful eye shadow pat which This is a beautiful eye shadow pat which you can use as a highlighter, as a you can use as a highlighter, as a you can use as a highlighter, as a blush and as an eye shadow, blush and as an eye shadow, blush and as an eye shadow, so this is it, so there are many so this is it, so there are many so this is it, so there are many shades in it which will be shades in it which will be shades in it which will be useful for many multiple users, so useful for many multiple users, so useful for many multiple users, so look at this, I am opening it and showing it to you, if look at this, I am opening it and showing it to you, if you want detailing of all the products then please you want detailing of all the products then please you want detailing of all the products then please comment on my videos.  I will comment on my videos.  I will comment on my videos.  I will make a long video and describe make a long video and describe make a long video and describe all the details of the product.  And all the details of the product.  And all the details of the product.  And this eyeshadow pat, guys, this eyeshadow pat, guys, you can use it as a highlighter, as an eye shadow and also as a brush.  You you can use it as a highlighter, as an eye shadow and also as a brush.  You you can use it as a highlighter, as an eye shadow and also as a brush.  You can also use it in contour.  I like can also use it in contour.  I like can also use it in contour.  I like this type of shade only.  And this type of shade only.  And this type of shade only.  And after that I received Look at This after that I received Look at This after that I received Look at This Maybelline concealer. This is a very good concealer. This is a very good concealer. This is a very good concealer. Airfine is a concealer.  And its results are Airfine is a concealer.  And its results are Airfine is a concealer.  And its results are also very good.  So, also very good.  So, also very good.  So, if you are going to a party, then this if you are going to a party, then this concealer from Maybelline is the best option for that.  So right now I have concealer from Maybelline is the best option for that.  So right now I have concealer from Maybelline is the best option for that.  So right now I have received only these three products from the received only these three products from the received only these three products from the purple side, sorry from the nka side.  So purple side, sorry from the nka side.  So purple side, sorry from the nka side.  So I have received three products.   The I have received three products.   The I have received three products.   The first one is Maybelline's concealer. first one is Maybelline's concealer. first one is Maybelline's concealer. Then after that this one eyeshadow palette and this Then after that this one eyeshadow palette and this Then after that this one eyeshadow palette and this lipstick.  So I have purchased all these three things lipstick.  So I have purchased all these three things lipstick.  So I have purchased all these three things from nka.  So from nka.  So from nka.  So you will get all the details of the product in the description. you will get all the details of the product in the description. you will get all the details of the product in the description. And thank you so much to everyone.   To And thank you so much to everyone.   To And thank you so much to everyone.   To all those who watch the video, thank all those who watch the video, thank all those who watch the video, thank you so much to everyone.  Bye-bye.  Take care. you so much to everyone.  Bye-bye.  Take care. you so much to everyone.  Bye-bye.  Take care. And you will get all its detailing And you will get all its detailing And you will get all its detailing in my next videos.  So in my next videos.  So in my next videos.  So bye-bye take care.