Hello Hi Good Morning and Welcome to my
channel Guys. Today I would like to inform you that
I have received the products that I purchased from nka.
So first of all I will
share its unboxing with you all and
I will tell you which products I have
purchased. What are its uses?
But since this is an unboxing, I will
only show you
which products I have purchased.
You will get all the detailing of the products in my upcoming videos.
What are the uses of which products
, what are the benefits, what
are the results? You will get all those things in my upcoming videos.
So now first of all let me
show you that I have
received this box like this. I haven't
unboxed it yet. So,
first of all let me unbox it
and share with you guys
how this product is. So, first of all we will do
its unboxing and I will
show you one by one which
products I have purchased from nka.
Because there was a sale going on at NYKA. So I have
also purchased some products. First
of all
look at this. Its packaging and
covering looks something like this. Then
I will open it and see.
Look at this. The first product I received is
Mar's lipstick. This is a
combo set. Its MRP price is
almost Rs 450. But after discount
I got it for a little less. Its shade
number is 001. It has a red maroon shade.
So look at this. This is the first product
I received from NYKA which I had
purchased. But yes, overall
its packaging is very good.
I have purchased it after that.
See.
This is a beautiful eye shadow pat which
you can use as a highlighter, as a
blush and as an eye shadow,
so this is it, so there are many
shades in it which will be
useful for many multiple users, so
look at this, I am opening it and showing it to you, if
you want detailing of all the products then please
comment on my videos. I will
make a long video and describe
all the details of the product. And
this eyeshadow pat, guys,
you can use it as a highlighter, as an eye shadow and also as a brush. You
can also use it in contour. I like
this type of shade only. And
after that I received Look at This
Maybelline concealer.
This is a very good concealer.
Airfine is a concealer. And its results are
also very good. So,
if you are going to a party, then this
concealer from Maybelline is the best option for that. So right now I have
received only these three products from the
purple side, sorry from the nka side. So
I have received three products. The
first one is Maybelline's concealer.
Then after that this one eyeshadow palette and this
lipstick. So I have purchased all these three things
from nka. So
you will get all the details of the product in the description.
And thank you so much to everyone. To
all those who watch the video, thank
you so much to everyone. Bye-bye. Take care.
And you will get all its detailing
in my next videos. So
bye-bye take care.
