Look at Riza's creativity.  He took Look at Riza's creativity.  He took out my earrings and all that and gave them to me.  Hi friends out my earrings and all that and gave them to me.  Hi friends out my earrings and all that and gave them to me.  Hi friends Assalam Walekum.  Welcome all of you to the world of Khushamdid Saba.  I Assalam Walekum.  Welcome all of you to the world of Khushamdid Saba.  I Assalam Walekum.  Welcome all of you to the world of Khushamdid Saba.  I hope hope hope you all are well.  Alhamdulillah, with your blessings, you all are well.  Alhamdulillah, with your blessings, you all are well.  Alhamdulillah, with your blessings, we are all fine.  I just we are all fine.  I just we are all fine.  I just need your blessings.  And friends, as need your blessings.  And friends, as need your blessings.  And friends, as I told you in the last blog, I told you in the last blog, I told you in the last blog, I have to do a photo shoot, get ready a little and I have to do a photo shoot, get ready a little and wear that long necklace.  I wear that long necklace.  I wear that long necklace.  I will show you how I get ready.  I do it simply.  That's why will show you how I get ready.  I do it simply.  That's why will show you how I get ready.  I do it simply.  That's why I am wearing such an outfit and I am wearing such an outfit and I am wearing such an outfit and I have borrowed this outfit from Riza.  So that's why I have borrowed this outfit from Riza.  So that's why I have borrowed this outfit from Riza.  So that's why I have worn such an outfit in which that I have worn such an outfit in which that I have worn such an outfit in which that necklace will be highlighted.  Let its meaning be known. necklace will be highlighted.  Let its meaning be known. I have to put on makeup before wearing this friends jewellery.  You will have to wear it again, I have to put on makeup before wearing this friends jewellery.  You will have to wear it again, I have to put on makeup before wearing this friends jewellery.  You will have to wear it again, otherwise it will look different. otherwise it will look different. otherwise it will look different. Friends, he saw me getting ready again Friends, he saw me getting ready again Friends, he saw me getting ready again and saw all this.  Today it is and saw all this.  Today it is and saw all this.  Today it is asking for too much.  He is crying, please take this out and give it to me. asking for too much.  He is crying, please take this out and give it to me. Friends, I had kept hair serum and after that Friends, I had kept hair serum and after that Friends, I had kept hair serum and after that Ammi asked Krishna what, he said Ammi asked Krishna what, he said Ammi asked Krishna what, he said serum and Ammi applied it and it was for hair, serum and Ammi applied it and it was for hair, serum and Ammi applied it and it was for hair, she applied it, she applied it in her mouth she applied it, she applied it in her mouth she applied it, she applied it in her mouth properly, I cannot tell what it is, properly, I cannot tell what it is, properly, I cannot tell what it is, Krishna says, you have applied serum Krishna says, you have applied serum Krishna says, you have applied serum everywhere [sound of clearing throat] so everywhere [sound of clearing throat] so everywhere [sound of clearing throat] so poor guy, remove it quickly, it is for hair, then he asked, poor guy, remove it quickly, it is for hair, then he asked, poor guy, remove it quickly, it is for hair, then he asked, you people say that Ammi is very innocent, she has applied it you people say that Ammi is very innocent, she has applied it you people say that Ammi is very innocent, she has applied it only, then we thought that she only, then we thought that she only, then we thought that she applies it only in her mouth.  It is of hair. applies it only in her mouth.  It is of hair. applies it only in her mouth.  It is of hair. No, he did not tell me that this has to be No, he did not tell me that this has to be No, he did not tell me that this has to be applied on the hair. applied on the hair. applied on the hair. Friends, when I was so ready, then I thought that Friends, when I was so ready, then I thought that Friends, when I was so ready, then I thought that I should take a photo near the plan so that I I should take a photo near the plan so that I I should take a photo near the plan so that I remember when I was remember when I was remember when I was so properly ready. so properly ready. so properly ready. How are you feeling? How are you feeling? How are you feeling? This necklace looks so nice.  Do you know This necklace looks so nice.  Do you know This necklace looks so nice.  Do you know how much it is blooming?  Even the necklace which is not selling will be how much it is blooming?  Even the necklace which is not selling will be how much it is blooming?  Even the necklace which is not selling will be sold. sold. sold. Inshallah Allah, Inshallah Allah, Inshallah Allah, I did not feel that anyone would wear a necklace, I did not feel that anyone would wear a necklace, I did not feel that anyone would wear a necklace, but now after seeing it, it looks so good.   Thank but now after seeing it, it looks so good.   Thank you.  You gave me the outfit. you.  You gave me the outfit. you.  You gave me the outfit. What?  Outfits are What?  Outfits are What?  Outfits are useful like this only.  Sometimes I took someone's [laughs] useful like this only.  Sometimes I took someone's [laughs] useful like this only.  Sometimes I took someone's [laughs] , sometimes someone else's.   Come on, get up , sometimes someone else's.   Come on, get up , sometimes someone else's.   Come on, get up quickly. quickly. quickly. I have learned these new and unique things I have learned these new and unique things I have learned these new and unique things about every tradition on Instagram and have about every tradition on Instagram and have about every tradition on Instagram and have told you all about them too.  So it feels good that through this told you all about them too.  So it feels good that through this told you all about them too.  So it feels good that through this I also get knowledge and I I also get knowledge and I I also get knowledge and I also share my knowledge with you. also share my knowledge with you. also share my knowledge with you. If there is shortage of cloves then we will take it from this. If there is shortage of cloves then we will take it from this. If there is shortage of cloves then we will take it from this. Give it to mom.  Mom eats a lot of cloves.   It Give it to mom.  Mom eats a lot of cloves.   It Give it to mom.  Mom eats a lot of cloves.   It is a real clove.   It is a real clove.   It is a real clove.   It is a real clove.  The real key is long. is a real clove.  The real key is long. is a real clove.  The real key is long. This silver is also real.   The This silver is also real.   The This silver is also real.   The silver is real.  Ok.  Well then.  It had rained.  The silver is real.  Ok.  Well then.  It had rained.  The silver is real.  Ok.  Well then.  It had rained.  The cloves will get spoiled. cloves will get spoiled. cloves will get spoiled. Why will it need water?   The Why will it need water?   The Why will it need water?   The bride wears it, right?  Then keep it with you. bride wears it, right?  Then keep it with you. bride wears it, right?  Then keep it with you. Then keep it wrapped. Then keep it wrapped. Then keep it wrapped. So look, it looks good. So look, it looks good. So look, it looks good. Feeling good, right? Feeling good, right? You liked Riza at Riza's wedding, right?  Is there You liked Riza at Riza's wedding, right?  Is there You liked Riza at Riza's wedding, right?  Is there a person at your wedding? a person at your wedding? a person at your wedding? Hey, this doesn't happen.  I liked it, so Hey, this doesn't happen.  I liked it, so Hey, this doesn't happen.  I liked it, so friends, do you know what I am going to make today friends, do you know what I am going to make today friends, do you know what I am going to make today ?  Today I am making Chole ?  Today I am making Chole ?  Today I am making Chole Bhature.  Proper Delhi style chole bhature. Bhature.  Proper Delhi style chole bhature. Bhature.  Proper Delhi style chole bhature. Husband Sahib's question: Where has your husband gone? Husband Sahib's question: Where has your husband gone? Husband Sahib's question: Where has your husband gone? Where did the husband go [laughter]?  I am not even looking. Where did the husband go [laughter]?  I am not even looking. Where did the husband go [laughter]?  I am not even looking. So what is So what is So what is their demand?   Will their demand?   Will their demand?   Will you really make Bhature?  are looking. you really make Bhature?  are looking. you really make Bhature?  are looking. So right now we are going to buy all these vegetables for him. So right now we are going to buy all these vegetables for him. So now first of all this gets ready. So now first of all this gets ready. Do this and that, it is 15th August. Do this and that, it is 15th August. Do this and that, it is 15th August. Yes, Haider on the day of independence, but Baba Yes, Haider on the day of independence, but Baba Yes, Haider on the day of independence, but Baba Haider did not become free.  Haider, Baba did not become free from Mama. Haider did not become free.  Haider, Baba did not become free from Mama. Hey sir, what's the matter? Hey sir, what's the matter? Hey sir, what's the matter? And look here also, look here in our society also. And look here also, look here in our society also. Vegetables can be made.  Take beet root and Vegetables can be made.  Take beet root and Vegetables can be made.  Take beet root and that barbati also.  Do you know Barbati that barbati also.  Do you know Barbati that barbati also.  Do you know Barbati friends? friends? friends? This is it, This is it, This is it, friends, after coming to Mumbai we came to know about this dance. friends, after coming to Mumbai we came to know about this dance. friends, after coming to Mumbai we came to know about this dance. So before that we knew only about So before that we knew only about So before that we knew only about this, this, this, yes yes yes in UP they in UP they in UP they make it like this, stuffing it with masala and wrapping it with a thread, right? It make it like this, stuffing it with masala and wrapping it with a thread, right? It make it like this, stuffing it with masala and wrapping it with a thread, right? It won't be made by wrapping it with a thread like this, won't be made by wrapping it with a thread like this, won't be made by wrapping it with a thread like this, Bhaiya must have eaten it, Bhaiya must know, so Bhaiya must have eaten it, Bhaiya must know, so Bhaiya must have eaten it, Bhaiya must know, so she makes it without the thread as well, she makes it without the thread as well, she makes it without the thread as well, yes, stuffing it without the thread, yes, stuffing it without the thread, yes, stuffing it without the thread, yes now I yes now I yes now I look like a rat, you know the look like a rat, you know the look like a rat, you know the rates here are good, you know, it is rates here are good, you know, it is rates here are good, you know, it is very expensive outside, this one is very expensive outside, this one is very expensive outside, this one is stuffing, stuffing, stuffing, buy it, then this one is also stuffing, now buy it, then this one is also stuffing, now buy it, then this one is also stuffing, now you have become the complete owner, you have become the complete owner, you have become the complete owner, what do you want to buy, do you what do you want to buy, do you what do you want to buy, do you want the small one, want the small one, want the small one, how much does this one cost, the how much does this one cost, the how much does this one cost, the head is head is head is also small, it is not suitable for carrying, another friend got also small, it is not suitable for carrying, another friend got also small, it is not suitable for carrying, another friend got so so so excited after seeing it that she felt like buying everything, excited after seeing it that she felt like buying everything, Lauki will say why did you break me, friend, all our preparations for 15th August are done, friend, all our preparations for 15th August are done, friend, all our preparations for 15th August are done, we have just bought the stuff from here, now we have just bought the stuff from here, now we have just bought the stuff from here, now we will go home, will Chole Bhature be made today or we will go home, will Chole Bhature be made today or we will go home, will Chole Bhature be made today or not, hurry up, please not, hurry up, please not, hurry up, please hurry up, we had gone to buy stuff for our daughter, 15th August is we had gone to buy stuff for our daughter, 15th August is we had gone to buy stuff for our daughter, 15th August is tomorrow, so tomorrow, so tomorrow, so look who has brought this, it is look who has brought this, it is look who has brought this, it is Haider's, is Haider's, is Haider's, is n't it, for the n't it, for the n't it, for the first time something new has come  It was there, I have never seen anything like this before, oh first time something new has come  It was there, I have never seen anything like this before, oh wow, they did wow, they did wow, they did n't come before, new ones did n't come before, new ones did n't come before, new ones did n't come, they used to come like this, these have just come, n't come, they used to come like this, these have just come, n't come, they used to come like this, these have just come, look what is this, is this a look what is this, is this a look what is this, is this a clip for clipping photos, this one has clip for clipping photos, this one has clip for clipping photos, this one has also just come, call me, let's go, yes, bring it to me also just come, call me, let's go, yes, bring it to me also just come, call me, let's go, yes, bring it to me quickly, quickly, quickly, friends, there were so many cute things for the girls there, he wo friends, there were so many cute things for the girls there, he wo n't put anything, so n't put anything, so n't put anything, so daughter, we brought all this, we will daughter, we brought all this, we will daughter, we brought all this, we will decorate the restaurant with this, this one is decorate the restaurant with this, this one is decorate the restaurant with this, this one is for the restaurant and this Rida will decorate herself and she will make it herself, I will make it for the restaurant and this Rida will decorate herself and she will make it herself, I will make it for the restaurant and this Rida will decorate herself and she will make it herself, I will make it completely like this, completely like this, completely like this, yes, you decorate yourself first, I mean, you yes, you decorate yourself first, I mean, you yes, you decorate yourself first, I mean, you brought it for her, but you are doing everything first, I brought it for her, but you are doing everything first, I also feel like it, friends, I did also feel like it, friends, I did also feel like it, friends, I did not understand, you can not understand, you can not understand, you can take any one of these, all are the same thing, take any one of these, all are the same thing, take any one of these, all are the same thing, oh, take it now, you will take it, I know, you will take it, no, oh, take it now, you will take it, I know, you will take it, no, oh, take it now, you will take it, I know, you will take it, no, first you have to take the dupatta, the dupatta, the first you have to take the dupatta, the dupatta, the first you have to take the dupatta, the dupatta, the friends in the restaurant, our waiters, all the friends in the restaurant, our waiters, all the friends in the restaurant, our waiters, all the people who will take the orders, they will put it, the people who will take the orders, they will put it, the people who will take the orders, they will put it, the couple that we ordered for Haider, have come, the couple that we ordered for Haider, have come, the couple that we ordered for Haider, have come, the size is also okay, right? size is also okay, right? size is also okay, right? Yes, it is very good, the Yes, it is very good, the Yes, it is very good, the size is also okay, va nice va nice size is also okay, va nice va nice size is also okay, va nice va nice Haider was starting to walk, you all are so much  He Haider was starting to walk, you all are so much  He Haider was starting to walk, you all are so much  He is happy Alhamdulillah Mashaallah may Allah is happy Alhamdulillah Mashaallah may Allah is happy Alhamdulillah Mashaallah may Allah give such health to all the children what is there in it I wanted to give such health to all the children what is there in it I wanted to give such health to all the children what is there in it I wanted to make gulagula but could not make it yet I have to make gulagula but could not make it yet I have to make gulagula but could not make it yet I have to offer Fatiha also so that my offer Fatiha also so that my offer Fatiha also so that my health gets a little better Inshallah we will do it again in a day health gets a little better Inshallah we will do it again in a day So friends, we are now in the kitchen and we will start So friends, we are now in the kitchen and we will start So friends, we are now in the kitchen and we will start making bhaturas first because making bhaturas first because making bhaturas first because we will make bhaturas first because in the we will make bhaturas first because in the we will make bhaturas first because in the recipe we have seen it is mentioned that it should be recipe we have seen it is mentioned that it should be recipe we have seen it is mentioned that it should be kept first friends you must have kept first friends you must have kept first friends you must have made it all of you the whole world must have made chole bhature made it all of you the whole world must have made chole bhature made it all of you the whole world must have made chole bhature this flour will be needed semolina will be needed curd this flour will be needed semolina will be needed curd this flour will be needed semolina will be needed curd sugar salt no sugar now sugar salt no sugar now sugar salt no sugar now sugar will not be needed sugar will not be needed sugar will not be needed one spoon one spoon one spoon sugar will be needed in which sugar will be needed in which sugar will be needed in which one spoon will be needed one spoon will be needed one spoon will be needed in this bhatura in this bhatura in this bhatura yes yes yes brother where is the sugar to be added if it is to be added we will brother where is the sugar to be added if it is to be added we will brother where is the sugar to be added if it is to be added we will tell you in detail we will tell you in detail we will tell you in detail we will put it the put it the put it the channel people are liars channel people are liars channel people are liars theirs too but this is the truth theirs too but this is the truth friend tauba tauba tauba tauba no you friend tauba tauba tauba tauba no you friend tauba tauba tauba tauba no you [laughs] do not believe the words at all [laughs] do not believe the words at all [laughs] do not believe the words at all you do not put sugar this much it is enough there are you do not put sugar this much it is enough there are you do not put sugar this much it is enough there are many people in our house it is less  Then the many people in our house it is less  Then the many people in our house it is less  Then the biggest result is something alive that biggest result is something alive that biggest result is something alive that look at mine, there are 10 people in our house, look at mine, there are 10 people in our house, look at mine, there are 10 people in our house, four Amma will eat Bhature, six Rihaan will eat four Amma will eat Bhature, six Rihaan will eat four Amma will eat Bhature, six Rihaan will eat okay, four five these people will eat, four five you will okay, four five these people will eat, four five you will okay, four five these people will eat, four five you will eat, one I will eat Amma your daughter will eat, eat, one I will eat Amma your daughter will eat, eat, one I will eat Amma your daughter will eat, at least seven eight at least seven eight at least seven eight and half half [laughs] Haider will eat, and half half [laughs] Haider will eat, and half half [laughs] Haider will eat, half Haider will eat, if it is done then make more. half Haider will eat, if it is done then make more. half Haider will eat, if it is done then make more. This is flour.  Add half the amount of semolina.  It will This is flour.  Add half the amount of semolina.  It will This is flour.  Add half the amount of semolina.  It will just be too much. just be too much. just be too much. Pot as much as you want means half of the Pot as much as you want means half of the Pot as much as you want means half of the recipe will be the last person the world will end. recipe will be the last person the world will end. recipe will be the last person the world will end. When someone will eat after seeing Sawa's recipe When someone will eat after seeing Sawa's recipe When someone will eat after seeing Sawa's recipe I was going to ask you the same thing that I was going to ask you the same thing that I was going to ask you the same thing that who will cook after seeing your recipe? who will cook after seeing your recipe? who will cook after seeing your recipe? You said it yourself.   There must be You said it yourself.   There must be You said it yourself.   There must be someone.  So we someone.  So we someone.  So we added semolina and salt.  There won't be too much salt. added semolina and salt.  There won't be too much salt. added semolina and salt.  There won't be too much salt. No, put it in. No, put it in. No, put it in. How do you add salt like this?  What do you mean? How do you add salt like this?  What do you mean? How do you add salt like this?  What do you mean? Leave it for five minutes. Leave it for five minutes. Leave it for five minutes. And this has baking soda in it.  Today my And this has baking soda in it.  Today my And this has baking soda in it.  Today my heart is telling me that you will make it, they will turn out heart is telling me that you will make it, they will turn out heart is telling me that you will make it, they will turn out good today, bring some sugar from inside me too, did good today, bring some sugar from inside me too, did n't you say anything before, did she drive her sister away n't you say anything before, did she drive her sister away n't you say anything before, did she drive her sister away because she was jealous, she was pushing her ahead, even now while leaving because she was jealous, she was pushing her ahead, even now while leaving because she was jealous, she was pushing her ahead, even now while leaving from there she is saying does the from there she is saying does the from there she is saying does the curd turn out soft, why, when she is curd turn out soft, why, when she is curd turn out soft, why, when she is not giving you a lift, then why am I telling you every day, get not giving you a lift, then why am I telling you every day, get not giving you a lift, then why am I telling you every day, get ready, ready, ready, yes just get ready, otherwise it will turn into sweet puri, yes just get ready, otherwise it will turn into sweet puri, you will see if you eat it in such a way that you kiss my hands, you will see if you eat it in such a way that you kiss my hands, you will see if you eat it in such a way that you kiss my hands, friend, now we will see whether we will kiss his hands friend, now we will see whether we will kiss his hands friend, now we will see whether we will kiss his hands or we will break his hands, now it doesn't matter, or we will break his hands, now it doesn't matter, or we will break his hands, now it doesn't matter, I am motivating you, you will not even give him water to I am motivating you, you will not even give him water to I am motivating you, you will not even give him water to drink, if not water, then we will drink, if not water, then we will drink, if not water, then we will spoil it.  And spoil it.  And friends, we have also added some oil in it.  And now we will add water to it. friends, we have also added some oil in it.  And now we will add water to it. friends, we have also added some oil in it.  And now we will add water to it. how much water? how much water? how much water? So friends, now I will knead its dough. So friends, now I will knead its dough. So friends, now I will knead its dough. Kneading the dough is the hardest part.  Look friend, Kneading the dough is the hardest part.  Look friend, Kneading the dough is the hardest part.  Look friend, I am the one who does it.  Now when that camera is switched off, I am the one who does it.  Now when that camera is switched off, I am the one who does it.  Now when that camera is switched off, I will have to do it.   Oh my god, I have I will have to do it.   Oh my god, I have I will have to do it.   Oh my god, I have spoiled your mood. spoiled your mood. spoiled your mood. Why are you calling me bad?  [laughter] Why are you calling me bad?  [laughter] Why are you calling me bad?  [laughter] So bad, we say so ourselves. So bad, we say so ourselves. So bad, we say so ourselves. Whatever I want to say, my Whatever I want to say, my Whatever I want to say, my commenters say it. commenters say it. commenters say it. I am supporting those who have commented on them. I am supporting those who have commented on them. You are hitting like this.  If I did it like this, it would You are hitting like this.  If I did it like this, it would You are hitting like this.  If I did it like this, it would stick to the top [laughs]. stick to the top [laughs]. stick to the top [laughs]. All your work is done.  He is the straight one. All your work is done.  He is the straight one. All your work is done.  He is the straight one. Hey, now tell me this, is killing meant to be eaten?   Do Hey, now tell me this, is killing meant to be eaten?   Do Hey, now tell me this, is killing meant to be eaten?   Do n't break the tiles below.  Those people take it and n't break the tiles below.  Those people take it and n't break the tiles below.  Those people take it and kill in this.  Quickly, quickly, quickly, I have to kill in this.  Quickly, quickly, quickly, I have to kill in this.  Quickly, quickly, quickly, I have to hit him like this for a long time. hit him like this for a long time. hit him like this for a long time. He's got to be beaten up a lot until he improves [laughs].   You have He's got to be beaten up a lot until he improves [laughs].   You have cracked a great joke. cracked a great joke. cracked a great joke. Friends is so messed up.  I do Friends is so messed up.  I do Friends is so messed up.  I do n't know what kind of goo this is.   Try being n't know what kind of goo this is.   Try being n't know what kind of goo this is.   Try being softer now.  Now its turn.   I have to softer now.  Now its turn.   I have to softer now.  Now its turn.   I have to keep it now. keep it now. keep it now. Yes. Yes. Yes. Save Sunil.  It is found. Save Sunil.  It is found. Save Sunil.  It is found. Friends, we were having a small Friends, we were having a small Friends, we were having a small meeting here.  So I had to see that too. meeting here.  So I had to see that too. meeting here.  So I had to see that too. Cooking also had to be done simultaneously.  That's why I have Cooking also had to be done simultaneously.  That's why I have Cooking also had to be done simultaneously.  That's why I have turned off the sound here because some noise was coming.  Let turned off the sound here because some noise was coming.  Let turned off the sound here because some noise was coming.  Let us start making it. us start making it. us start making it. Some of our friends have kept spices there. Some of our friends have kept spices there. Some of our friends have kept spices there. Some of us had this one so it's very Some of us had this one so it's very Some of us had this one so it's very good.  Whole spices have to be added to it.   Done it. She is saying go and check. She is saying go and check. She is saying go and check. Let's see the wedding very much.  I mean, I have Let's see the wedding very much.  I mean, I have Let's see the wedding very much.  I mean, I have created so much in my life but I have not created so much in my life but I have not created so much in my life but I have not seen so much.  Look at this, because mine has seen so much.  Look at this, because mine has seen so much.  Look at this, because mine has not puffed up till date, maybe I not puffed up till date, maybe I not puffed up till date, maybe I rubbed it a lot in the end, I pressed it a rubbed it a lot in the end, I pressed it a rubbed it a lot in the end, I pressed it a lot and see how much it is lot and see how much it is lot and see how much it is made like this, less will be made in this, that dosa is made like this, less will be made in this, that dosa is made like this, less will be made in this, that dosa is not dosa, this is oh that is oh not dosa, this is oh that is oh not dosa, this is oh that is oh bhatura, whatever it is, bhatura, whatever it is, bhatura, whatever it is, what is bhatura, this is what is bhatura, this is what is bhatura, this is aloo bukhara, aloo bukhara, aloo bukhara, mom says aloo bukhara, mom says aloo bukhara, mom says aloo bukhara, I said take the parora, mother, the people of Mauda I said take the parora, mother, the people of Mauda I said take the parora, mother, the people of Mauda like it, I did like it, I did like it, I did not get the patora here also, I not get the patora here also, I not get the patora here also, I brought it for mom, I did not bring it for myself, brought it for mom, I did not bring it for myself, brought it for mom, I did not bring it for myself, we do not eat the parora, we do not eat the parora, we do not eat the parora, everyone will eat it, I will give it to you, everyone will eat it, I will give it to you, everyone will eat it, I will give it to you, I will go to the restaurant right now, as long as I will go to the restaurant right now, as long as I will go to the restaurant right now, as long as I am here at home, I am watching I am here at home, I am watching I am here at home, I am watching their scene.  Now I have covered it with a lid their scene.  Now I have covered it with a lid their scene.  Now I have covered it with a lid because the presence of onion is the biggest factor in because the presence of onion is the biggest factor in because the presence of onion is the biggest factor in how much your masala gets roasted. how much your masala gets roasted. how much your masala gets roasted. See, unless the onions are fried, it will not See, unless the onions are fried, it will not See, unless the onions are fried, it will not be cooked well. be cooked well. be cooked well. Our tea is ready.  First we drank tea, if Our tea is ready.  First we drank tea, if Our tea is ready.  First we drank tea, if I had made it then I would I had made it then I would I had made it then I would not have ground the onion.  know why?  When you not have ground the onion.  know why?  When you not have ground the onion.  know why?  When you cut onions into thin slices vertically.  She gets it in a good way. cut onions into thin slices vertically.  She gets it in a good way. cut onions into thin slices vertically.  She gets it in a good way. And ground onion for a And ground onion for a And ground onion for a very long time. very long time. very long time. All expert advice will come. All expert advice will come. All expert advice will come. I said it earlier. I said it earlier. I said it earlier. She is also giving it from behind.  What?  No, you She is also giving it from behind.  What?  No, you She is also giving it from behind.  What?  No, you can add potatoes to chicken or anything else, can add potatoes to chicken or anything else, can add potatoes to chicken or anything else, if you fry it well then it gets completely if you fry it well then it gets completely if you fry it well then it gets completely mixed.  I should have pointed out the mixed.  I should have pointed out the mixed.  I should have pointed out the mistake beforehand. By the time the video is mistake beforehand. By the time the video is mistake beforehand. By the time the video is ready and uploaded on YouTube, ready and uploaded on YouTube, ready and uploaded on YouTube, how many mistakes will be found? how many mistakes will be found? how many mistakes will be found? Grind it or not, it is a good thing if you grind it otherwise it will get mushy. Grind it or not, it is a good thing if you grind it otherwise it will get mushy. Grind it or not, it is a good thing if you grind it otherwise it will get mushy. So friends, So friends, So friends, our tea break has just ended, let's start working after tea. A our tea break has just ended, let's start working after tea. A few moments later, few moments later, few moments later, friends, we grind it and then add it, but as Sunny friends, we grind it and then add it, but as Sunny friends, we grind it and then add it, but as Sunny asked me to, I added it like this, so asked me to, I added it like this, so asked me to, I added it like this, so now you take care of your household responsibilities, I am now you take care of your household responsibilities, I am now you take care of your household responsibilities, I am going to the restaurant. Okay going to the restaurant. Okay going to the restaurant. Okay friends, I will add all the spices like cumin friends, I will add all the spices like cumin friends, I will add all the spices like cumin powder, dry mango powder, chole masala, powder, dry mango powder, chole masala, powder, dry mango powder, chole masala, this much is enough.  Friends, now we will add chickpeas in it. this much is enough.  Friends, now we will add chickpeas in it. One Hour [Music] Later. One Hour [Music] Later. One Hour [Music] Later. Chole is ready.   The Chole is ready.   The Chole is ready.   The chole are ready.  Look, chole are ready.  Look, chole are ready.  Look, show me. show me. show me. Wow, you look good.  Made in marriage.   Just like the Wow, you look good.  Made in marriage.   Just like the Wow, you look good.  Made in marriage.   Just like the Nagamani is Nagamani is Nagamani is kept safe and preserved.  We have saved it completely like this. kept safe and preserved.  We have saved it completely like this. Mom's son. So friends, everything is done now, then something or the other will go So friends, everything is done now, then something or the other will go So friends, everything is done now, then something or the other will go wrong, the oil should crackle wrong, the oil should crackle wrong, the oil should crackle very quickly, it should crackle tomorrow, do very quickly, it should crackle tomorrow, do very quickly, it should crackle tomorrow, do n't teach now, n't teach now, n't teach now, your teacher is standing here, don't teach now, your teacher is standing here, don't teach now, your teacher is standing here, don't teach now, everything is going so well, everything is going so well, everything is going so well, look how well it is going, look how well it is going, look how well it is going, my dear sister, my dear sister, my dear sister, my dear son, look, there is no dear husband, my dear son, look, there is no dear husband, my dear son, look, there is no dear husband, Bismillah Rahman Rahim, he has Bismillah Rahman Rahim, he has Bismillah Rahman Rahim, he has weakened it a bit, Sunny Bhai, add oil quickly, Sunny Bhai, add oil quickly, Sunny Bhai, add oil quickly, where will the where will the where will the spoon come from [laughs] Amma has become professional, how is your chole Amma has become professional, how is your chole Amma has become professional, how is your chole bhature looking, look bhature looking, look bhature looking, look this was also in the smiling recipe, friends, but there is a this was also in the smiling recipe, friends, but there is a this was also in the smiling recipe, friends, but there is a little more oil, less chilli why did he say why did he say why did he say poor thing, how is this, we are also scared, you know she has poor thing, how is this, we are also scared, you know she has poor thing, how is this, we are also scared, you know she has climbed behind, he added it and said, climbed behind, he added it and said, climbed behind, he added it and said, after cooking, friends, we went to meet after cooking, friends, we went to meet after cooking, friends, we went to meet our Api Reshma Api for 10 minutes, our Api Reshma Api for 10 minutes, our Api Reshma Api for 10 minutes, we had we had we had coffee there and we came home, till now coffee there and we came home, till now coffee there and we came home, till now how many chole we have made, they look how many chole we have made, they look how many chole we have made, they look good, they are mixed well, good, they are mixed well, good, they are mixed well, not much, we not much, we not much, we made a bowl and bhaturas, they were made a bowl and bhaturas, they were made a bowl and bhaturas, they were good, they were home made, good, they were home made, good, they were home made, yes yes yes Show me that, Show me that, Show me that, see this, it is well done, see this, it is well done, see this, it is well done, yes mom, friends, I have come only in the night, yes mom, friends, I have come only in the night, yes mom, friends, I have come only in the night, mom was a little busy today, tomorrow is 15th August.  Happy mom was a little busy today, tomorrow is 15th August.  Happy mom was a little busy today, tomorrow is 15th August.  Happy Independence Day [laughs] May Independence Day [laughs] May Independence Day [laughs] May Allah bless everyone.  That's all there is to it. Allah bless everyone.  That's all there is to it. Just let Sunny like it.  That's it Just let Sunny like it.  That's it Just let Sunny like it.  That's it because he said with such heart that because he said with such heart that because he said with such heart that you don't make anything good.  Non-veg you don't make anything good.  Non-veg you don't make anything good.  Non-veg is mostly available now.  You is mostly available now.  You is mostly available now.  You know we have a restaurant.  It is so know we have a restaurant.  It is so know we have a restaurant.  It is so good there that we buy it from there and good there that we buy it from there and good there that we buy it from there and then sometimes green vegetables should also be eaten at home, not just sometimes, but at least at then sometimes green vegetables should also be eaten at home, not just sometimes, but at least at then sometimes green vegetables should also be eaten at home, not just sometimes, but at least at one time.  So one time.  So one time.  So then Sunny then Sunny then Sunny just checks it and tells me just checks it and tells me just checks it and tells me how it is made.  These bhaturas look good. how it is made.  These bhaturas look good. how it is made.  These bhaturas look good. Give it to him completely.   They have become Give it to him completely.   They have become Give it to him completely.   They have become absolutely perfect.  Okay, absolutely perfect.  Okay, absolutely perfect.  Okay, bring my name, bring my name, bring my name, yes, it is yes, it is yes, it is such a big name [crying sound] she such a big name [crying sound] she such a big name [crying sound] she cooks everything, sometimes if she doesn't feel like cooking, she cooks everything, sometimes if she doesn't feel like cooking, she cooks everything, sometimes if she doesn't feel like cooking, she says she doesn't know how to cook, but she says she doesn't know how to cook, but she says she doesn't know how to cook, but she can cook biryani, khichdi, chicken, she cooks everything, they are can cook biryani, khichdi, chicken, she cooks everything, they are can cook biryani, khichdi, chicken, she cooks everything, they are very good very good very good and after Sunny, if someone likes chole and after Sunny, if someone likes chole and after Sunny, if someone likes chole and I am his and I am his and I am his brother, I am at second place [laughs] first place, brother, I am at second place [laughs] first place, brother, I am at second place [laughs] first place, Risha liked it very much Risha liked it very much Risha liked it very much because I don't eat non-veg much, I like because I don't eat non-veg much, I like because I don't eat non-veg much, I like only veg, daughter, only veg, daughter, only veg, daughter, how did you like the song?   I liked it.   If how did you like the song?   I liked it.   If everyone likes it then it gives me great happiness. everyone likes it then it gives me great happiness. everyone likes it then it gives me great happiness. Now I get more motivation when everyone praises Now I get more motivation when everyone praises Now I get more motivation when everyone praises me to try more things in the future. me to try more things in the future. me to try more things in the future. Friends have now also become content creators. Friends have now also become content creators. Friends have now also become content creators. So there is college tomorrow but what is this nervousness of mine, So there is college tomorrow but what is this nervousness of mine, it is not going well because of this. it is not going well because of this. it is not going well because of this. I also want to make it, so I am going and getting myself I also want to make it, so I am going and getting myself I also want to make it, so I am going and getting myself ready.  As long as she does this. ready.  As long as she does this. ready.  As long as she does this. Mom is your favorite thing. Mom is your favorite thing. Mom is your favorite thing. Sunny took this.  Mom, especially for you. Sunny took this.  Mom, especially for you. Sunny took this.  Mom, especially for you. I did not take this.  He knows Amma, I did not take this.  He knows Amma, I did not take this.  He knows Amma, Mauda's Amma likes Paroora, I had told her once, Mauda's Amma likes Paroora, I had told her once, I was looking for it for a long time, I will make it I was looking for it for a long time, I will make it I was looking for it for a long time, I will make it and then feed it to you, okay, and then feed it to you, okay, and then feed it to you, okay, Amma will eat this much, I Amma will eat this much, I Amma will eat this much, I brought it from there, brought it from there, brought it from there, Amma, how would I know, she just brought Amma, how would I know, she just brought Amma, how would I know, she just brought half, half, half, then I will bring more, then I will bring more, then I will bring more, Amma, I will make it tomorrow, everything is completely homemade, this much is Amma, I will make it tomorrow, everything is completely homemade, this much is Amma, I will make it tomorrow, everything is completely homemade, this much is not nectar, it is not nectar, it is not nectar, it is more than nectar, all are wild fruits, there is no more than nectar, all are wild fruits, there is no more than nectar, all are wild fruits, there is no adulteration in it, nothing, it grows adulteration in it, nothing, it grows adulteration in it, nothing, it grows in the bush and comes once in a year, one should in the bush and comes once in a year, one should in the bush and comes once in a year, one should definitely eat it once or twice. definitely eat it once or twice. definitely eat it once or twice. Show me where is the white?   It Show me where is the white?   It Show me where is the white?   It is not white.  There are white eyes [laughs].   Should is not white.  There are white eyes [laughs].   Should is not white.  There are white eyes [laughs].   Should I forget one thing?  Your makeup looks really bad.  The I forget one thing?  Your makeup looks really bad.  The I forget one thing?  Your makeup looks really bad.  The orange one. orange one. orange one. Oh, it happened with great difficulty.  Then half the Oh, it happened with great difficulty.  Then half the Oh, it happened with great difficulty.  Then half the reel would go waste. reel would go waste. reel would go waste. Hot momma has applied it herself.  So will I also Hot momma has applied it herself.  So will I also Hot momma has applied it herself.  So will I also wear white tomorrow? Friends, on behalf of the three of us, we wish you all a Friends, on behalf of the three of us, we wish you all a Friends, on behalf of the three of us, we wish you all a very happy Independence Day.  So today is a day of happiness, so very happy Independence Day.  So today is a day of happiness, so very happy Independence Day.  So today is a day of happiness, so we are also celebrating and we are also celebrating and we are also celebrating and our child is also celebrating with us. our child is also celebrating with us. So friends, we came here to So friends, we came here to So friends, we came here to take photos and videos.  So it's done now take photos and videos.  So it's done now take photos and videos.  So it's done now how straight it is made. how straight it is made. how straight it is made. Later that same evening.  So come on guys let's Later that same evening.  So come on guys let's Later that same evening.  So come on guys let's start the preparation now.  Every start the preparation now.  Every start the preparation now.  Every time, like on 26th January or 15th August, we time, like on 26th January or 15th August, we time, like on 26th January or 15th August, we always make something special. always make something special. always make something special. Make it.  I am not feeling well at all today. Make it.  I am not feeling well at all today. Make it.  I am not feeling well at all today. Today Dhihaan will do all the work.  I will keep Today Dhihaan will do all the work.  I will keep Today Dhihaan will do all the work.  I will keep telling you and keep doing it.  Ok.   First of all, telling you and keep doing it.  Ok.   First of all, telling you and keep doing it.  Ok.   First of all, install the cylinder there.   Haven't installed it yet. install the cylinder there.   Haven't installed it yet. But where is the cylinder?  [laughter] But where is the cylinder?  [laughter] But where is the cylinder?  [laughter] Well, how do I turn it off? Well, how do I turn it off? Well, how do I turn it off? Hey Rihaan, don't do anything else.   There is a Hey Rihaan, don't do anything else.   There is a Hey Rihaan, don't do anything else.   There is a smell of gas.   Don't do it, don't do it. smell of gas.   Don't do it, don't do it. smell of gas.   Don't do it, don't do it. Rihaan let it be. Rihaan let it be. Rihaan let it be. How did you like it? How did you like it? How did you like it? I made this yesterday.  Is good. I made this yesterday.  Is good. I made this yesterday.  Is good. Ok. Ok. Ok. You seem okay. You seem okay. You seem okay. Oh ma'am, who puts it in the milk?   Turn on the Oh ma'am, who puts it in the milk?   Turn on the Oh ma'am, who puts it in the milk?   Turn on the gas first. gas first. gas first. How does milk curdle?  Add vinegar.   I have How does milk curdle?  Add vinegar.   I have How does milk curdle?  Add vinegar.   I have also seen the recipe.  You just picked it up and came here.   You should also seen the recipe.  You just picked it up and came here.   You should also seen the recipe.  You just picked it up and came here.   You should watch it once, apart from that you should watch it once, apart from that you should watch it once, apart from that you should watch it.  We are making something. watch it.  We are making something. watch it.  We are making something. Everyone will eat it. Everyone will eat it. Everyone will eat it. Hey when I'm a no fight no fight. Hey when I'm a no fight no fight. This country became independent only because of your fight. This country became independent only because of your fight. This country became independent only because of your fight. Let the syrup prepare first, otherwise it will take time.   That's it, that's it, Let the syrup prepare first, otherwise it will take time.   That's it, that's it, Rihaan is not complete.  Look Rihaan, this is Rihaan is not complete.  Look Rihaan, this is Rihaan is not complete.  Look Rihaan, this is right. right. right. Look friends, Rihaan had said that he will make it Look friends, Rihaan had said that he will make it Look friends, Rihaan had said that he will make it today.  He is today.  He is today.  He is asking me everything.  What is the point of me making it?   If you look back asking me everything.  What is the point of me making it?   If you look back asking me everything.  What is the point of me making it?   If you look back a little, she had said a little, she had said a little, she had said that she would guide you completely. that she would guide you completely. that she would guide you completely. I will keep telling you and keep doing it.  Ok. I will keep telling you and keep doing it.  Ok. I will keep telling you and keep doing it.  Ok. Shalu had said in the beginning that I will Shalu had said in the beginning that I will Shalu had said in the beginning that I will make it.  I have to take them out today make it.  I have to take them out today make it.  I have to take them out today because when there is such a special occasion, because when there is such a special occasion, because when there is such a special occasion, these people also have expectations these people also have expectations these people also have expectations and I also feel like let's show them and I also feel like let's show them and I also feel like let's show them our lighting decoration for 15th August, our lighting decoration for 15th August, our lighting decoration for 15th August, so these people said that we will so these people said that we will so these people said that we will make something, I had gone to meet Bhabhi, make something, I had gone to meet Bhabhi, make something, I had gone to meet Bhabhi, I have come back after an hour, I thought everything would be ready I have come back after an hour, I thought everything would be ready I have come back after an hour, I thought everything would be ready and when I came, it was still there. and when I came, it was still there. Is this Rasgulla or Chhena?   Is it Is this Rasgulla or Chhena?   Is it Is this Rasgulla or Chhena?   Is it chenna or rasgulla? chenna or rasgulla? chenna or rasgulla? Both say Both say Both say both. both. both. Let's do that to him.  Filter it by putting it in a sieve. Let's do that to him.  Filter it by putting it in a sieve. Let's do that to him.  Filter it by putting it in a sieve. We bought 2 litres of milk and left with only that much. We bought 2 litres of milk and left with only that much. We bought 2 litres of milk and left with only that much. That's why they are expensive.   I am That's why they are expensive.   I am That's why they are expensive.   I am making something like this for the first time.  Yes, making something like this for the first time.  Yes, making something like this for the first time.  Yes, last time I made Kheer Puri.  Remember last time I made Kheer Puri.  Remember last time I made Kheer Puri.  Remember ?   I ?   I ?   I saw how many kheer puris Rihaan had made.   If you want to saw how many kheer puris Rihaan had made.   If you want to saw how many kheer puris Rihaan had made.   If you want to eat, just ask. eat, just ask. eat, just ask. Who is saying anything?  I am saying that Who is saying anything?  I am saying that Who is saying anything?  I am saying that you made it, right?  You have to take the hand like this and you made it, right?  You have to take the hand like this and you made it, right?  You have to take the hand like this and rub it like this.  They spoil the whole dough like this.  You have to rub it like this.  They spoil the whole dough like this.  You have to rub it like this.  They spoil the whole dough like this.  You have to knead the dough for kheer puri. knead the dough for kheer puri. knead the dough for kheer puri. Hey, it will be fun.   It is Hey, it will be fun.   It is Hey, it will be fun.   It is dirty anyway.  If you partition it separately then it is dirty anyway.  If you partition it separately then it is dirty anyway.  If you partition it separately then it is not there. not there. not there. We'll have to call our chef now.  Now We'll have to call our chef now.  Now We'll have to call our chef now.  Now tell me what has happened now? tell me what has happened now? tell me what has happened now? Our round round is not happening.   The Our round round is not happening.   The Our round round is not happening.   The thing is, it sticks. thing is, it sticks. thing is, it sticks. Who has seen it anyway?  I also saw it. Who has seen it anyway?  I also saw it. Who has seen it anyway?  I also saw it. He said [laughter] that he had seen it.   It is done. He said [laughter] that he had seen it.   It is done. He said [laughter] that he had seen it.   It is done. Look, my hands are Look, my hands are Look, my hands are with me.  Ok.  Make it like this because with me.  Ok.  Make it like this because with me.  Ok.  Make it like this because his mother is with me. his mother is with me. his mother is with me. Look at the syrup and tell me whether Shalu's is good or Look at the syrup and tell me whether Shalu's is good or Look at the syrup and tell me whether Shalu's is good or not?   It is a not?   It is a not?   It is a little thicker.  It will definitely be thick. little thicker.  It will definitely be thick. little thicker.  It will definitely be thick. I'm a little thin without it, right?  Do I'm a little thin without it, right?  Do I'm a little thin without it, right?  Do n't make so much syrup, keep it ready.  [laughter] n't make so much syrup, keep it ready.  [laughter] n't make so much syrup, keep it ready.  [laughter] Add more sugar.  Keep the syrup filled completely. Add more sugar.  Keep the syrup filled completely. Add more sugar.  Keep the syrup filled completely. Peace, its syrup, a little water, Peace, its syrup, a little water, Peace, its syrup, a little water, friends, this is the same example that the village was friends, this is the same example that the village was friends, this is the same example that the village was not settled, robbers came first, sweet was not made, not settled, robbers came first, sweet was not made, not settled, robbers came first, sweet was not made, gluttons came first, gluttons came first, gluttons came first, add some more sugar, it is very thin, Reeza, add some more sugar, it is very thin, Reeza, add some more sugar, it is very thin, Reeza, eat it quickly, it will be ready, eat it quickly, it will be ready, eat it quickly, it will be ready, tell me, won't you [laughs] I ca tell me, won't you [laughs] I ca tell me, won't you [laughs] I ca n't believe it n't believe it n't believe it when death comes, don't we eat it, when death comes, don't we eat it, when death comes, don't we eat it, tell me, wow, what is there in this, I like it so much, it does tell me, wow, what is there in this, I like it so much, it does n't harm people, n't harm people, n't harm people, why, what is it, it is whole milk, it has why, what is it, it is whole milk, it has why, what is it, it is whole milk, it has sugar, it won't harm them, they are sugar, it won't harm them, they are sugar, it won't harm them, they are better than gulab jamun, better than gulab jamun, better than gulab jamun, tell me, you are making everything, you did not add any color, tell me, you are making everything, you did not add any color, tell me, you are making everything, you did not add any color, tell me, does anyone remember this recipe Rihaan, oh, but it was tell me, does anyone remember this recipe Rihaan, oh, but it was tell me, does anyone remember this recipe Rihaan, oh, but it was not told in the recipe not told in the recipe not told in the recipe that we should make the tricolor, do that we should make the tricolor, do that we should make the tricolor, do one thing, if you want to one thing, if you want to one thing, if you want to make a tricolor, then use this white one, make a tricolor, then use this white one, make a tricolor, then use this white one, make the orange one separately, make the orange one separately, make the orange one separately, yes, you do one thing, we will leave four-five of them, the yes, you do one thing, we will leave four-five of them, the yes, you do one thing, we will leave four-five of them, the rest for this, rest for this, rest for this, yes, yes, yes, you did not give the idea you did not give the idea you did not give the idea Rihaan, I was about to make it, oh Rihaan, I was about to make it, oh Rihaan, I was about to make it, oh you are sleeping, oh shut up about me, so you are sleeping, oh shut up about me, so what was I saying to you, what was I saying to you, what was I saying to you, an idea came to my mind, like in Farah Ma'am's show, an idea came to my mind, like in Farah Ma'am's show, an idea came to my mind, like in Farah Ma'am's show, Farah Ma'am goes to everyone's house.  So I am thinking Farah Ma'am goes to everyone's house.  So I am thinking Farah Ma'am goes to everyone's house.  So I am thinking I should invite everyone to my house. I should invite everyone to my house. I should invite everyone to my house. Oh wow, that's good. Oh wow, that's good. Oh wow, that's good. What kind of idea is this?  Subscribers can also be called. What kind of idea is this?  Subscribers can also be called. What kind of idea is this?  Your kitchen is ready. What kind of idea is this?  Your kitchen is ready. What kind of idea is this?  Your kitchen is ready. Like today Rihaan is making his Like today Rihaan is making his Like today Rihaan is making his recipe.  Sometimes someone can make it their own. recipe.  Sometimes someone can make it their own. recipe.  Sometimes someone can make it their own. But subscribers have come here with their recipes. But subscribers have come here with their recipes. Yes, that's my [laughs], I have to Yes, that's my [laughs], I have to Yes, that's my [laughs], I have to show them my specialty show them my specialty show them my specialty here. here. here. One two three Bismillah. One two three Bismillah. One two three Bismillah. This is how it happens, right? This is how it happens, right? This is how it happens, right? I won't eat even one.  Wow, he I won't eat even one.  Wow, he I won't eat even one.  Wow, he looks good Rihaan.  This is very well looks good Rihaan.  This is very well looks good Rihaan.  This is very well done friends. done friends. done friends. Hey, to be honest, when the camera was off.  Hey, tell me the truth. Hey, to be honest, when the camera was off.  Hey, tell me the truth. Hey, to be honest, when the camera was off.  Hey, tell me the truth. No, no, this is wrong or incorrect. No, no, this is wrong or incorrect. No, no, this is wrong or incorrect. I said softly that this upper one should I said softly that this upper one should I said softly that this upper one should put something like this in it.  The speed is very good. put something like this in it.  The speed is very good. put something like this in it.  The speed is very good. Yes. Yes. Yes. If you do it like this, you can cut it and eat it.   That's If you do it like this, you can cut it and eat it.   That's If you do it like this, you can cut it and eat it.   That's correct. correct. correct. According to the jar, it is getting dry.  So According to the jar, it is getting dry.  So According to the jar, it is getting dry.  So if we take it out like this, it will fall.   There if we take it out like this, it will fall.   There if we take it out like this, it will fall.   There is dry colored chenna here. is dry colored chenna here. is dry colored chenna here. What?   You have What?   You have What?   You have brought such a big green one.  The one I brought such a big green one.  The one I brought such a big green one.  The one I eat is the smaller one.  You have brought such a small one.   There eat is the smaller one.  You have brought such a small one.   There eat is the smaller one.  You have brought such a small one.   There is no flower.  There is a big flower, so I have brought it. is no flower.  There is a big flower, so I have brought it. No, let me No, let me No, let me eat the flower first, then eat the flower first, then eat the flower first, then why are you not giving me the bigger one?  No, why are you not giving me the bigger one?  No, why are you not giving me the bigger one?  No, eat the big one, eat it, it's a lot, isn't it, the big one, eat the big one, eat it, it's a lot, isn't it, the big one, eat the big one, eat it, it's a lot, isn't it, the big one, really, I haven't seen it, really, I haven't seen it, really, I haven't seen it, you will eat it all, eat it, eat it, eat it, you will eat it all, eat it, eat it, eat it, you will eat it all, eat it, eat it, eat it, tell me how is it, did tell me how is it, did tell me how is it, did you eat it [laughs] you eat it [laughs] you eat it [laughs] tell me, tell me, tell me, first, your chenna, first, your chenna, first, your chenna, not mine, Rihaan made it, Rihaan, not mine, Rihaan made it, Rihaan, not mine, Rihaan made it, Rihaan, then let me see this one, then let me see this one, then let me see this one, I had already told you, I had already told you, Rihaan brought it, so listen to the praises of your chenna, Rihaan brought it, so listen to the praises of your chenna, Rihaan brought it, so listen to the praises of your chenna, mom tried yours, I have mom tried yours, I have mom tried yours, I have n't tried it yet, she liked it so much, she liked it so much, seriously, n't tried it yet, she liked it so much, she liked it so much, seriously, really, really, really, yes, I haven't eaten it yet, a yes, I haven't eaten it yet, a yes, I haven't eaten it yet, a little bit, I want little bit, I want little bit, I want diet diet diet flavor, nothing, flavor, nothing, flavor, nothing, we are also not on diet [laughs] I will eat it, we are also not on diet [laughs] I will eat it, we are also not on diet [laughs] I will eat it, okay, have okay, have okay, have I made some poison on my hands, I made some poison on my hands, I made some poison on my hands, yes, it's not yes, it's not yes, it's not raw [laughs] I was raw [laughs] I was raw [laughs] I was saying raw, I've saying raw, I've saying raw, I've seen it, seen it, seen it, but you haven't said all this before, but you haven't said all this before, but you haven't said all this before, but what do I care, but what do I care, but what do I care, friends, it's not that bad, don't fight, friends, it's not that bad, don't fight, friends, it's not that bad, don't fight, it's good, the sugar hasn't it's good, the sugar hasn't it's good, the sugar hasn't reached inside it, just take it and good, nice try, so reached inside it, just take it and good, nice try, so reached inside it, just take it and good, nice try, so friends, as you know that today is friends, as you know that today is friends, as you know that today is Independence Day, so we all thought of Independence Day, so we all thought of making such packets by putting all the chips, fruity and biscuits in it and making such packets by putting all the chips, fruity and biscuits in it and making such packets by putting all the chips, fruity and biscuits in it and we will give it to whoever we find there.  Tell me we will give it to whoever we find there.  Tell me we will give it to whoever we find there.  Tell me friends, we had just left and Sunny could friends, we had just left and Sunny could friends, we had just left and Sunny could not go because there was a not go because there was a not go because there was a lot of work in Mashallah restaurant and after that let us lot of work in Mashallah restaurant and after that let us lot of work in Mashallah restaurant and after that let us show you where the decoration has been done in Mumbai.  It show you where the decoration has been done in Mumbai.  It show you where the decoration has been done in Mumbai.  It looked very beautiful looked very beautiful looked very beautiful wherever there was decoration.  Friends, the wherever there was decoration.  Friends, the wherever there was decoration.  Friends, the best lighting and best lighting and best lighting and decoration in Mumbai is that of the decoration in Mumbai is that of the decoration in Mumbai is that of the CST station here.  So look at this, CST station here.  So look at this, CST station here.  So look at this, very cute, very very cute, very very cute, very we