The outfit I'm going to show you today is The outfit I'm going to show you today is The outfit I'm going to show you today is perfect for college students. I chose a denim perfect for college students. I chose a denim perfect for college students. I chose a denim jeans model that has a slightly baggy touch. jeans model that has a slightly baggy touch. jeans model that has a slightly baggy touch. However, I However, I However, I chose a white top on top. It didn't match at all, chose a white top on top. It didn't match at all, chose a white top on top. It didn't match at all, so I'll make a quick change right away so I'll make a quick change right away so I'll make a quick change right away .  If you leave your shirts off like this, you'll look .  If you leave your shirts off like this, you'll look .  If you leave your shirts off like this, you'll look so beautiful. so beautiful. Along with moisturizer and sunscreen, I'm Along with moisturizer and sunscreen, I'm Along with moisturizer and sunscreen, I'm also applying it to my eyes to elevate them. also applying it to my eyes to elevate them. also applying it to my eyes to elevate them. Also apply your favorite lipstick shade Also apply your favorite lipstick shade Also apply your favorite lipstick shade .  I am selecting only small studs instead of long earrings .  I am selecting only small studs instead of long earrings . . . Studs match outfits like this perfectly Studs match outfits like this perfectly Studs match outfits like this perfectly .  Hope .  Hope .  Hope this should be an idea for many college-going girls.  We this should be an idea for many college-going girls.  We use sticking gums whenever the placement of our dresses changes use sticking gums whenever the placement of our dresses changes use sticking gums whenever the placement of our dresses changes .  Then it will be able to .  Then it will be able to .  Then it will be able to hold the dress perfectly.  These gums hold the dress perfectly.  These gums hold the dress perfectly.  These gums are very affordable. are very affordable. are very affordable. Hardly ₹150 worth and the final look was here Hardly ₹150 worth and the final look was here Hardly ₹150 worth and the final look was here .  I hope you all .  I hope you all .  I hope you all like the outfit. like the outfit. like the outfit. Let's meet again tomorrow with a new outfit.  Until then, see you Let's meet again tomorrow with a new outfit.  Until then, see you Let's meet again tomorrow with a new outfit.  Until then, see you in the next vlog.