I'm going to start today's blog post with this deplorable image I'm going to start today's blog post with this deplorable image I'm going to start today's blog post with this deplorable image . . . I just woke up, it's I just woke up, it's I just woke up, it's 1 pm, very sad, I know, I don't 1 pm, very sad, I know, I don't 1 pm, very sad, I know, I don't want you to insult me ​​or anything like that in want you to insult me ​​or anything like that in want you to insult me ​​or anything like that in the comments, but I'm going to say what the comments, but I'm going to say what the comments, but I'm going to say what today's idea is.  Today's idea is to today's idea is.  Today's idea is to today's idea is.  Today's idea is to wake the fat guy up with the best breakfast he wake the fat guy up with the best breakfast he wake the fat guy up with the best breakfast he could ever have had in could ever have had in could ever have had in his life.  Don't say anything about the his life.  Don't say anything about the his life.  Don't say anything about the curtain I have here next to me, because curtain I have here next to me, because curtain I have here next to me, because yes, for me it's a curtain. If for you it's yes, for me it's a curtain. If for you it's yes, for me it's a curtain. If for you it's a sheet covering a a sheet covering a a sheet covering a window, well, for me it's just an window, well, for me it's just an window, well, for me it's just an everyday curtain.  It was even everyday curtain.  It was even everyday curtain.  It was even installed incorrectly.  It's really sad, but oh well, it serves its installed incorrectly.  It's really sad, but oh well, it serves its installed incorrectly.  It's really sad, but oh well, it serves its purpose, which is to keep purpose, which is to keep purpose, which is to keep the neighbors from seeing me naked, which would be very the neighbors from seeing me naked, which would be very the neighbors from seeing me naked, which would be very sad for them, more than anything, you know? sad for them, more than anything, you know? sad for them, more than anything, you know? I don't have that much of a problem with it, but well, it I don't have that much of a problem with it, but well, it I don't have that much of a problem with it, but well, it would be kind of weird if a neighbor knew how I would be kind of weird if a neighbor knew how I would be kind of weird if a neighbor knew how I undress.  And for those wondering undress.  And for those wondering undress.  And for those wondering who I'm sleeping with, I'm not alone who I'm sleeping with, I'm not alone who I'm sleeping with, I'm not alone tonight.  No, I didn't sleep alone last night, folks, I have to tonight.  No, I didn't sleep alone last night, folks, I have to tonight.  No, I didn't sleep alone last night, folks, I have to say it.  I slept with a girl, a say it.  I slept with a girl, a say it.  I slept with a girl, a very cute girl who is my dog. very cute girl who is my dog. very cute girl who is my dog. Greet the camera. Greet the camera. Greet the camera. She does love me, that genuine love, She does love me, that genuine love, She does love me, that genuine love, but I want you to know that I don't but I want you to know that I don't but I want you to know that I don't just want to sleep with her, I want to sleep just want to sleep with her, I want to sleep just want to sleep with her, I want to sleep with a boyfriend.  So if any guy with a boyfriend.  So if any guy with a boyfriend.  So if any guy living in Argentina has a living in Argentina has a living in Argentina has a black or beige-brown Sharpei like black or beige-brown Sharpei like black or beige-brown Sharpei like her, I'm looking for candidates to have her as a her, I'm looking for candidates to have her as a her, I'm looking for candidates to have her as a maid and I'm going to keep maid and I'm going to keep maid and I'm going to keep absolutely all the maids. absolutely all the maids. absolutely all the maids. Maybe there's one that's going to am, but oh well, we'll Maybe there's one that's going to am, but oh well, we'll Maybe there's one that's going to am, but oh well, we'll see about that.  So, that's it, folks. I'm going to see about that.  So, that's it, folks. I'm going to see about that.  So, that's it, folks. I'm going to snap my fingers, appear snap my fingers, appear snap my fingers, appear banned, show you my outfit, and banned, show you my outfit, and banned, show you my outfit, and go downstairs to make breakfast for the go downstairs to make breakfast for the go downstairs to make breakfast for the fat guy.  Decinii is going to make breakfast at 1 pm fat guy.  Decinii is going to make breakfast at 1 pm fat guy.  Decinii is going to make breakfast at 1 pm .  Yes, guys, breakfast at 1 .  Yes, guys, breakfast at 1 .  Yes, guys, breakfast at 1 pm, because, well, that's how pm, because, well, that's how pm, because, well, that's how we live in this house, it's a house of we live in this house, it's a house of we live in this house, it's a house of YouTubers.  So, well, folks, that's it YouTubers.  So, well, folks, that's it YouTubers.  So, well, folks, that's it .  1, two, three.  Well, guys, I .  1, two, three.  Well, guys, I .  1, two, three.  Well, guys, I 'm already changed, banned, everything.  I 'm already changed, banned, everything.  I 'm already changed, banned, everything.  I probably have the worst pair of pants ever probably have the worst pair of pants ever probably have the worst pair of pants ever .  I don't know if you can see it, it looks like .  I don't know if you can see it, it looks like .  I don't know if you can see it, it looks like parachutist pants. parachutist pants. parachutist pants. The situation is really sad, but oh well, it's time to The situation is really sad, but oh well, it's time to The situation is really sad, but oh well, it's time to make breakfast for the fat guy inside the make breakfast for the fat guy inside the make breakfast for the fat guy inside the house.  Anyway, guys, I want you to see how house.  Anyway, guys, I want you to see how house.  Anyway, guys, I want you to see how messy and dirty my messy and dirty my messy and dirty my room is.  This is so sad.  It really room is.  This is so sad.  It really room is.  This is so sad.  It really looks like a room, don't you see?  Like those scenes from looks like a room, don't you see?  Like those scenes from looks like a room, don't you see?  Like those scenes from American movies where the kid is American movies where the kid is American movies where the kid is playing on the computer and there are all the playing on the computer and there are all the playing on the computer and there are all the cans of Coke around him.  Well, cans of Coke around him.  Well, cans of Coke around him.  Well, look at this.  Please look at look at this.  Please look at look at this.  Please look at my room.  No, no, no, look.  No, no, no, my room.  No, no, no, look.  No, no, no, my room.  No, no, no, look.  No, no, no, no.  Very sad.  I need More to come no.  Very sad.  I need More to come no.  Very sad.  I need More to come and help me again because this is a and help me again because this is a and help me again because this is a disaster.  No, no, no.  But hey, we'll pretend to be disaster.  No, no, no.  But hey, we'll pretend to be disaster.  No, no, no.  But hey, we'll pretend to be insane.  We'll see how insane.  We'll see how insane.  We'll see how the kitchen is, because I hope they have the kitchen is, because I hope they have the kitchen is, because I hope they have n't left it destroyed, because I'm n't left it destroyed, because I'm n't left it destroyed, because I'm going to have to clean the going to have to clean the going to have to clean the kitchen too before making breakfast. kitchen too before making breakfast. kitchen too before making breakfast. And I've got everything ready, so let's go downstairs And I've got everything ready, so let's go downstairs And I've got everything ready, so let's go downstairs .  Well, the outlook seems .  Well, the outlook seems .  Well, the outlook seems quite encouraging, to be honest.  She already went quite encouraging, to be honest.  She already went quite encouraging, to be honest.  She already went down first, so good.  It seems down first, so good.  It seems down first, so good.  It seems Aria tidied everything up because it's all Aria tidied everything up because it's all Aria tidied everything up because it's all pretty tidy, I mean, well, it could pretty tidy, I mean, well, it could pretty tidy, I mean, well, it could be better because I don't know why there are some be better because I don't know why there are some be better because I don't know why there are some boots down here, but well, pretty boots down here, but well, pretty boots down here, but well, pretty good, pretty good.  So I'm going to have to good, pretty good.  So I'm going to have to good, pretty good.  So I'm going to have to use this as a tripod use this as a tripod use this as a tripod first.  First of all, I need to first.  First of all, I need to first.  First of all, I need to turn on the light.  And now I don't know how.  I'm going turn on the light.  And now I don't know how.  I'm going turn on the light.  And now I don't know how.  I'm going to leave the camera here and show you to leave the camera here and show you to leave the camera here and show you the ingredients and what I plan to the ingredients and what I plan to the ingredients and what I plan to do to the fat guy to lift him up.  I want to do to the fat guy to lift him up.  I want to do to the fat guy to lift him up.  I want to make her something fit because she's make her something fit because she's make her something fit because she's taking care of herself.  There were many comments about him looking taking care of herself.  There were many comments about him looking taking care of herself.  There were many comments about him looking thinner, and that motivated him.  So let's thinner, and that motivated him.  So let's thinner, and that motivated him.  So let's move forward with that move forward with that move forward with that topic.  We'll see the same.  We'll see, because I'm going to topic.  We'll see the same.  We'll see, because I'm going to topic.  We'll see the same.  We'll see, because I'm going to give you, or rather, after thinking about it, give you, or rather, after thinking about it, give you, or rather, after thinking about it, two options, one fit and one not.  Let's two options, one fit and one not.  Let's two options, one fit and one not.  Let's see which one he chooses.  Let's hope she chooses the see which one he chooses.  Let's hope she chooses the see which one he chooses.  Let's hope she chooses the fit one because, man, the good reviews have fit one because, man, the good reviews have fit one because, man, the good reviews have boosted its price.  He says that now that he's boosted its price.  He says that now that he's boosted its price.  He says that now that he's thinner, and I don't know what else, thinner, and I don't know what else, thinner, and I don't know what else, and that motivated him.  So let's and that motivated him.  So let's and that motivated him.  So let's see how we do this.  I make a cut, set up see how we do this.  I make a cut, set up see how we do this.  I make a cut, set up the camera, and when I have it positioned correctly and at the camera, and when I have it positioned correctly and at the camera, and when I have it positioned correctly and at a good angle, that's when we start a good angle, that's when we start a good angle, that's when we start cooking.  Okay guys, my idea is to cooking.  Okay guys, my idea is to cooking.  Okay guys, my idea is to make a stack of pancakes make a stack of pancakes make a stack of pancakes up to here so that's the non- up to here so that's the non- up to here so that's the non- fit part, and then if not, I'll make him some fit part, and then if not, I'll make him some fit part, and then if not, I'll make him some scrambled eggs with a little scrambled eggs with a little scrambled eggs with a little ham. I'll just improvise, but I ham. I'll just improvise, but I ham. I'll just improvise, but I want it to be complete because want it to be complete because want it to be complete because I also bought a croissant, so the fat guy is going to have the I also bought a croissant, so the fat guy is going to have the I also bought a croissant, so the fat guy is going to have the best breakfast of his life. best breakfast of his life. best breakfast of his life. But anyway, let's But anyway, let's But anyway, let's start with the pancakes.  Oh, start with the pancakes.  Oh, start with the pancakes.  Oh, it's a bit of flour, isn't it?  But it doesn't it's a bit of flour, isn't it?  But it doesn't it's a bit of flour, isn't it?  But it doesn't matter.  Okay, let's go.  Well, I was about to matter.  Okay, let's go.  Well, I was about to matter.  Okay, let's go.  Well, I was about to start and look who got up.  And start and look who got up.  And start and look who got up.  And well, folks, I got up.  Well, well, folks, I got up.  Well, well, folks, I got up.  Well, guys, what just happened is that guys, what just happened is that guys, what just happened is that Bauti recorded me for 2 hours while Bauti recorded me for 2 hours while Bauti recorded me for 2 hours while we were doing all this mixing, but without we were doing all this mixing, but without we were doing all this mixing, but without having touched the most important button, having touched the most important button, having touched the most important button, which is the record button.  So, which is the record button.  So, which is the record button.  So, [clears throat] I was basically [clears throat] I was basically [clears throat] I was basically focusing the camera, I wasn't focusing the camera, I wasn't focusing the camera, I wasn't doing anything else.  So since Bauti doing anything else.  So since Bauti doing anything else.  So since Bauti lost that, I'm going to show you what lost that, I'm going to show you what lost that, I'm going to show you what we did.  We basically put all the we did.  We basically put all the we did.  We basically put all the ingredients in here.  I broke one egg ingredients in here.  I broke one egg ingredients in here.  I broke one egg because now I have to break another one because now I have to break another one because now I have to break another one that was quite difficult.   It was quite difficult that was quite difficult.   It was quite difficult that was quite difficult.   It was quite difficult with this sliver, but with this sliver, but with this sliver, but that one didn't record, but luckily I that one didn't record, but luckily I that one didn't record, but luckily I have to break another one to have to break another one to have to break another one to prove that I can do it.  Look, prove that I can do it.  Look, prove that I can do it.  Look, look at the care with which I look at the care with which I look at the care with which I do it, because I'm a guy who do it, because I'm a guy who do it, because I'm a guy who cooks well, you know?  You break it a little bit cooks well, you know?  You break it a little bit cooks well, you know?  You break it a little bit and look.  No, stop it, idiot.  Well, and look.  No, stop it, idiot.  Well, and look.  No, stop it, idiot.  Well, that's a lot.  Well, everything exploded, but that's a lot.  Well, everything exploded, but that's a lot.  Well, everything exploded, but the egg fell. the egg fell. the egg fell. Okay, okay.  The game, the egg fell and it was Okay, okay.  The game, the egg fell and it was Okay, okay.  The game, the egg fell and it was perfect. perfect. perfect. And the pancake will be where it needs to And the pancake will be where it needs to And the pancake will be where it needs to be, which is in the fat man's mouth be, which is in the fat man's mouth be, which is in the fat man's mouth .  So it's okay.  Let's .  So it's okay.  Let's .  So it's okay.  Let's throw the pancake here.  The pancake. throw the pancake here.  The pancake. throw the pancake here.  The pancake. Listen to me.  We're going to throw away the egg and Listen to me.  We're going to throw away the egg and Listen to me.  We're going to throw away the egg and I have to open this, which is a I have to open this, which is a I have to open this, which is a vanilla essence. vanilla essence. vanilla essence. Yes, I think that adds up, you know?  I think that's Yes, I think that adds up, you know?  I think that's Yes, I think that adds up, you know?  I think that's good. good. good. Hey, wait a minute, Hey, wait a minute, Hey, wait a minute, man, look at this. man, look at this. man, look at this. It's impossible to open it [laughs].  It's It's impossible to open it [laughs].  It's It's impossible to open it [laughs].  It's impossible, I can't open it.  Hey, impossible, I can't open it.  Hey, impossible, I can't open it.  Hey, dude, who shut this down?  Hulk, you idiot. dude, who shut this down?  Hulk, you idiot. dude, who shut this down?  Hulk, you idiot. Iron Man, you idiot.  You're a soldier. Iron Man, you idiot.  You're a soldier. Iron Man, you idiot.  You're a soldier. Impossible, huh.  Okay, pass it to me, Impossible, huh.  Okay, pass it to me, Impossible, huh.  Okay, pass it to me, pass it to me. pass it to me. pass it to me. It's impossible for you to open it.  You're more of a It's impossible for you to open it.  You're more of a It's impossible for you to open it.  You're more of a kid than me, I mean, you're a child, you don't kid than me, I mean, you're a child, you don't kid than me, I mean, you're a child, you don't have the strength or the talents that have the strength or the talents that have the strength or the talents that I have. I have. I have. It's impossible, but if I loosen it, it It's impossible, but if I loosen it, it It's impossible, but if I loosen it, it is possible because I'm going to let it go. is possible because I'm going to let it go. is possible because I'm going to let it go. You're a jerk.  You didn't loosen up at all. You're a jerk.  You didn't loosen up at all. You're a jerk.  You didn't loosen up at all. This smells so good.  It smells This smells so good.  It smells This smells so good.  It smells really good, dude.  Very nice smell.  Let's really good, dude.  Very nice smell.  Let's really good, dude.  Very nice smell.  Let's see, try it.  Take a sip.  It's see, try it.  Take a sip.  It's see, try it.  Take a sip.  It's vanilla, dude.  Like having a vanilla, dude.  Like having a vanilla, dude.  Like having a little bit of vanilla.  I'm trying it because it little bit of vanilla.  I'm trying it because it little bit of vanilla.  I'm trying it because it has color, that's all.   Let's has color, that's all.   Let's has color, that's all.   Let's see. see. see. No, this is disgusting.  No, no, [laughs] No, this is disgusting.  No, no, [laughs] No, this is disgusting.  No, no, [laughs] but for you you look very ugly.  Not but for you you look very ugly.  Not but for you you look very ugly.  Not impossible.  [laughs] impossible.  [laughs] impossible.  [laughs] I swear to God, yes.  Try it out. I swear to God, yes.  Try it out. I swear to God, yes.  Try it out. Try it, please.  Okay, before we Try it, please.  Okay, before we Try it, please.  Okay, before we add vanilla to the pancakes, add vanilla to the pancakes, add vanilla to the pancakes, let's try it.  It's strange that it's let's try it.  It's strange that it's let's try it.  It's strange that it's so ugly.  No, it has a very strong smell, so ugly.  No, it has a very strong smell, so ugly.  No, it has a very strong smell, but hey, try it.  What, friend, how to take it.  Ugh, friend, how to take it.  Ugh, friend, how to take it.  Ugh, how disgusting. how disgusting. how disgusting. It's like drinking alcohol, dude. It's like drinking alcohol, dude. It's like drinking alcohol, dude. Literally, literally.  And how much do you Literally, literally.  And how much do you Literally, literally.  And how much do you throw this at?  A lot or a little, throw this at?  A lot or a little, throw this at?  A lot or a little, God, eh, it's not a little bit.  Ugh, how God, eh, it's not a little bit.  Ugh, how God, eh, it's not a little bit.  Ugh, how disgusting, idiot.  From what I disgusting, idiot.  From what I disgusting, idiot.  From what I understand, that's how it is, look.  It's [clears throat] understand, that's how it is, look.  It's [clears throat] understand, that's how it is, look.  It's [clears throat] a tiny drop.   I do a tiny drop.   I do a tiny drop.   I do n't know if I did right or wrong. n't know if I did right or wrong. n't know if I did right or wrong. Bit.  For me it was very little.  No, I don't Bit.  For me it was very little.  No, I don't Bit.  For me it was very little.  No, I don't have any ideas.  You're for you, for you it have any ideas.  You're for you, for you it have any ideas.  You're for you, for you it 's very little. 's very little. 's very little. Your GPT chat recipe, just in case.   It Your GPT chat recipe, just in case.   It Your GPT chat recipe, just in case.   It 's not falling.  Well, 's not falling.  Well, 's not falling.  Well, no.  I think that's where I went wrong, huh?   He no.  I think that's where I went wrong, huh?   He no.  I think that's where I went wrong, huh?   He can go there, he can get there. can go there, he can get there. can go there, he can get there. Okay, okay.  Well, we're, we're Okay, okay.  Well, we're, we're Okay, okay.  Well, we're, we're fine.  For. fine.  For. fine.  For. Okay.  But what else is missing?  What you Okay.  But what else is missing?  What you Okay.  But what else is missing?  What you have to do here is stir things up. have to do here is stir things up. have to do here is stir things up. Okay.   I Okay.   I Okay.   I don't know if this is the case.  It doesn't look like don't know if this is the case.  It doesn't look like don't know if this is the case.  It doesn't look like this is going to this is going to this is going to be a disaster, to be honest, but hey, the worst be a disaster, to be honest, but hey, the worst be a disaster, to be honest, but hey, the worst that can happen is that I have to that can happen is that I have to that can happen is that I have to ask the cameraman for help, but the ask the cameraman for help, but the ask the cameraman for help, but the original cameraman, not Bauti, because the original cameraman, not Bauti, because the original cameraman, not Bauti, because the cameraman knows how to cook, and to all those people, I cameraman knows how to cook, and to all those people, I cameraman knows how to cook, and to all those people, I take this opportunity to say to all those take this opportunity to say to all those take this opportunity to say to all those who think they know the who think they know the who think they know the cameraman's true identity, guys, they don't cameraman's true identity, guys, they don't cameraman's true identity, guys, they don't .  They don't know her.  All the .  They don't know her.  All the .  They don't know her.  All the leaks that exist are leaks leaks that exist are leaks leaks that exist are leaks made on purpose, because that is not the made on purpose, because that is not the made on purpose, because that is not the real cameraman, otherwise it wouldn't be shown real cameraman, otherwise it wouldn't be shown real cameraman, otherwise it wouldn't be shown on social media as it is.  We're not on social media as it is.  We're not on social media as it is.  We're not idiots.  Clearly, when editing idiots.  Clearly, when editing idiots.  Clearly, when editing the video, you can see people in the background, but these are the video, you can see people in the background, but these are the video, you can see people in the background, but these are people who clearly don't mind or people who clearly don't mind or people who clearly don't mind or have any problem appearing have any problem appearing have any problem appearing in the video.  So, we just have to in the video.  So, we just have to in the video.  So, we just have to give it here, give it, give it.  It's producing give it here, give it, give it.  It's producing give it here, give it, give it.  It's producing a strange, medium consistency.  I think that's a strange, medium consistency.  I think that's a strange, medium consistency.  I think that's good. good. good. Yeah, man, but it's getting into good Yeah, man, but it's getting into good Yeah, man, but it's getting into good shape. shape. shape. It's getting into good shape, you see? It's getting into good shape, you see? It's getting into good shape, you see? Dude, he has, he has as a future.   That's Dude, he has, he has as a future.   That's Dude, he has, he has as a future.   That's true, that's true. true, that's true. true, that's true. But anyway, now that the But anyway, now that the But anyway, now that the cameraman's gift has been given away, let's make this cut.  We're going cameraman's gift has been given away, let's make this cut.  We're going cameraman's gift has been given away, let's make this cut.  We're going to make the pancakes, and once to make the pancakes, and once to make the pancakes, and once the pancakes are finished, we're going to the pancakes are finished, we're going to the pancakes are finished, we're going to take them up to the chubby one along with the other take them up to the chubby one along with the other take them up to the chubby one along with the other healthy part of breakfast to see what healthy part of breakfast to see what healthy part of breakfast to see what they think.  We're going to make a pretty they think.  We're going to make a pretty they think.  We're going to make a pretty big cut because we're not going to wash big cut because we're not going to wash big cut because we're not going to wash all this because we're going to shut them down all this because we're going to shut them down all this because we're going to shut them down because on top of that [laughs] we're because on top of that [laughs] we're because on top of that [laughs] we're a disaster when we cook.  We are a kilo. a disaster when we cook.  We are a kilo. a disaster when we cook.  We are a kilo. Yes, yes.  We are very far from making Yes, yes.  We are very far from making Yes, yes.  We are very far from making Cristofa.  So anyway, let's cut.   I'm Cristofa.  So anyway, let's cut.   I'm Cristofa.  So anyway, let's cut.   I'm going to snap my fingers and I want going to snap my fingers and I want going to snap my fingers and I want breakfast to be ready here. breakfast to be ready here. breakfast to be ready here. When I do 3 2 1, Dale's whole breakfast will appear here When I do 3 2 1, Dale's whole breakfast will appear here , perfect.  Ready.  TR do 1. , perfect.  Ready.  TR do 1. , perfect.  Ready.  TR do 1. Well, guys, you might say, did Well, guys, you might say, did Well, guys, you might say, did you and Baut really make these two amazing breakfasts?  The you and Baut really make these two amazing breakfasts?  The you and Baut really make these two amazing breakfasts?  The answer is yes, but a half-yes. answer is yes, but a half-yes. answer is yes, but a half-yes. Because the cameraman helped us a lot, to be Because the cameraman helped us a lot, to be Because the cameraman helped us a lot, to be honest.  From a big hand, eh, from a honest.  From a big hand, eh, from a honest.  From a big hand, eh, from a big hand. big hand. big hand. The cameraman, not The cameraman, not The cameraman, not Bauti clearly, but the cameraman, the one who was Bauti clearly, but the cameraman, the one who was Bauti clearly, but the cameraman, the one who was always mentioned, had a great hand.  But okay, let's always mentioned, had a great hand.  But okay, let's always mentioned, had a great hand.  But okay, let's do one thing.  We're going to give do one thing.  We're going to give do one thing.  We're going to give the camera to a secondary cameraman, and you, the camera to a secondary cameraman, and you, the camera to a secondary cameraman, and you, Bauti, are going to take him this breakfast, Bauti, are going to take him this breakfast, Bauti, are going to take him this breakfast, which is clearly the which is clearly the which is clearly the high-calorie breakfast, and I'll take him the fitness one.  Yes, based on high-calorie breakfast, and I'll take him the fitness one.  Yes, based on high-calorie breakfast, and I'll take him the fitness one.  Yes, based on the the the comments, I think the chubby guy is going to comments, I think the chubby guy is going to comments, I think the chubby guy is going to get into fitness, but we'll get into fitness, but we'll get into fitness, but we'll see which one he gets.  We have to see which one she see which one he gets.  We have to see which one she see which one he gets.  We have to see which one she picks because the truth is, well, picks because the truth is, well, picks because the truth is, well, well, well, we don't know yet. well, well, we don't know yet. well, well, we don't know yet. I hope so, but I don't know, I'm not that confident I hope so, but I don't know, I'm not that confident I hope so, but I don't know, I'm not that confident [laughs] that she's going to like [laughs] that she's going to like [laughs] that she's going to like fitness that much.  If you have to base your decision on fitness that much.  If you have to base your decision on fitness that much.  If you have to base your decision on history, which one do you prefer? history, which one do you prefer? history, which one do you prefer? And unfortunately, this one doesn't doubt it, doesn't doubt it, And unfortunately, this one doesn't doubt it, doesn't doubt it, And unfortunately, this one doesn't doubt it, doesn't doubt it, doubt it, doubt it, doubt it, but oh well, maybe the chubby one changed. but oh well, maybe the chubby one changed. but oh well, maybe the chubby one changed. Watch out, it might have changed.  Let's give the Watch out, it might have changed.  Let's give the Watch out, it might have changed.  Let's give the camera to the second cameraman, please. camera to the second cameraman, please. camera to the second cameraman, please. Flawless.  The secondary cameraman doesn't seem to mind Flawless.  The secondary cameraman doesn't seem to mind Flawless.  The secondary cameraman doesn't seem to mind appearing in the videos. appearing in the videos. appearing in the videos. Nothing, let's grab it like this.  How is Nothing, let's grab it like this.  How is Nothing, let's grab it like this.  How is this possible?  God, how do the waiters do it, this possible?  God, how do the waiters do it, this possible?  God, how do the waiters do it, dude?  Stop, idiot.  How do you do it?   I dude?  Stop, idiot.  How do you do it?   I dude?  Stop, idiot.  How do you do it?   I put my hand all the way in.  Below. put my hand all the way in.  Below. put my hand all the way in.  Below. No, no, you're going to have a mess on your hands. No, no, you're going to have a mess on your hands. No, no, you're going to have a mess on your hands. No, no, no, stop, stop, trust me. No, no, no, stop, stop, trust me. No, no, no, stop, stop, trust me. There, There, There, look.  Here it goes. look.  Here it goes. look.  Here it goes. Linda.  Three floors.  That's Linda.  Three floors.  That's Linda.  Three floors.  That's not three floors.  My God.  Watch out, not three floors.  My God.  Watch out, not three floors.  My God.  Watch out, Aria.  Okay, Bauti, we have to stay like this for Aria.  Okay, Bauti, we have to stay like this for Aria.  Okay, Bauti, we have to stay like this for three floors.  Be very careful, okay?   We have three floors.  Be very careful, okay?   We have three floors.  Be very careful, okay?   We have n't started yet.   We have n't started yet.   We have n't started yet.   We have n't started yet.  This is torture n't started yet.  This is torture n't started yet.  This is torture , literally.  We're going to try to arrive , literally.  We're going to try to arrive , literally.  We're going to try to arrive not only with no broken dishes, but also with not only with no broken dishes, but also with not only with no broken dishes, but also with Ari not having taken a bite out of Ari not having taken a bite out of Ari not having taken a bite out of any of the things we're any of the things we're any of the things we're carrying up, because I don't know why the carrying up, because I don't know why the carrying up, because I don't know why the dog insists on carrying them up alongside us. dog insists on carrying them up alongside us. dog insists on carrying them up alongside us. Come on.  Careful, careful, careful. Come on.  Careful, careful, careful. Come on.  Careful, careful, careful. No, no, he's not going to eat all this. No, no, he's not going to eat all this. No, no, he's not going to eat all this. Aria, enough.  Aria.  Oops, I spilled Aria, enough.  Aria.  Oops, I spilled Aria, enough.  Aria.  Oops, I spilled some juice.  Well, it's okay.  Okay. some juice.  Well, it's okay.  Okay. some juice.  Well, it's okay.  Okay. He survived quite a while. He survived quite a while. He survived quite a while. Yes, yes, quite a lot, actually it's good. Yes, yes, quite a lot, actually it's good. Yes, yes, quite a lot, actually it's good. Okay, let's get to the Okay, let's get to the Okay, let's get to the fat guy's piece.  He is really asleep, very fat guy's piece.  He is really asleep, very fat guy's piece.  He is really asleep, very asleep, very deep.  Let's see if he asleep, very deep.  Let's see if he asleep, very deep.  Let's see if he likes what we've prepared for him.  Gordingi, likes what we've prepared for him.  Gordingi, likes what we've prepared for him.  Gordingi, gordi, gordi, gordi, gordis, gordis, gordis, gordito.   I'm gordito.   I'm gordito.   I'm going to turn this on. going to turn this on. going to turn this on. Well, Well, Well, chubby, fat, marble, chubby, fat, marble, chubby, fat, marble, fat. fat. fat. Gordis, Gordis, Gordis, Benny. Benny. Benny. There it is.  Help me.  Benny.  Hi, we're There it is.  Help me.  Benny.  Hi, we're There it is.  Help me.  Benny.  Hi, we're recording a blog.  Look what we recording a blog.  Look what we recording a blog.  Look what we brought you.  Listen to me.  We brought you two brought you.  Listen to me.  We brought you two brought you.  Listen to me.  We brought you two breakfasts.  Very good, Aria.  Very good.  Very breakfasts.  Very good, Aria.  Very good.  Very breakfasts.  Very good, Aria.  Very good.  Very good.  Maybe he loves you because you have food good.  Maybe he loves you because you have food good.  Maybe he loves you because you have food nearby.  Listen, we brought you two nearby.  Listen, we brought you two nearby.  Listen, we brought you two breakfasts, okay?  We brought you this one and this one breakfasts, okay?  We brought you this one and this one breakfasts, okay?  We brought you this one and this one .  I'm going to put both of them on .  I'm going to put both of them on .  I'm going to put both of them on the bed and you'll have to choose which one the bed and you'll have to choose which one the bed and you'll have to choose which one you like best.  Okay.  Okay, Aria, you like best.  Okay.  Okay, Aria, you like best.  Okay.  Okay, Aria, it would be good if you moved because it would be good if you moved because it would be good if you moved because we have to put something in, we have to put something in, we have to put something in, please.  Aria. please.  Aria. please.  Aria. Aria, I don't see her Aria, I don't see her Aria, I don't see her very keen to come.  Same here, huh very keen to come.  Same here, huh very keen to come.  Same here, huh ? ? ? Here it goes.  This is the first one and this is the Here it goes.  This is the first one and this is the Here it goes.  This is the first one and this is the second one.  The only difference between the second one.  The only difference between the second one.  The only difference between the two is 10,000 calories. two is 10,000 calories. two is 10,000 calories. Approximately 10,000.  I don't know if it's 10,000, but that's a Approximately 10,000.  I don't know if it's 10,000, but that's a Approximately 10,000.  I don't know if it's 10,000, but that's a lot of calories, not quite. lot of calories, not quite. lot of calories, not quite. Not this one.  No, that one. Not this one.  No, that one. Not this one.  No, that one. This one, why this one?  The chocolate with This one, why this one?  The chocolate with This one, why this one?  The chocolate with dulce de leche [laughs] dulce de leche [laughs] dulce de leche [laughs] and Oreo cream. and Oreo cream. and Oreo cream. Oreo cream also has Oreo cream also has Oreo cream also has cream.  And where did that come from?   We did it cream.  And where did that come from?   We did it cream.  And where did that come from?   We did it with the cameraman and with Buti. with the cameraman and with Buti. with the cameraman and with Buti. Okay.  Well, yes, I want that one. Okay.  Well, yes, I want that one. Okay.  Well, yes, I want that one. But take this one away. But take this one away. But take this one away. Because?   I Because?   I Because?   I will never eat it in my life. will never eat it in my life. will never eat it in my life. But we made you, we gave you But we made you, we gave you But we made you, we gave you orange juice.   I do orange juice.   I do orange juice.   I do n't like water, soda, and chocolate milk.   Did n't like water, soda, and chocolate milk.   Did n't like water, soda, and chocolate milk.   Did you see that I thought you were going to like you see that I thought you were going to like you see that I thought you were going to like the weekends because people are the weekends because people are the weekends because people are telling you in the comments that you're telling you in the comments that you're telling you in the comments that you're much thinner?  Perhaps that had much thinner?  Perhaps that had much thinner?  Perhaps that had motivated you. motivated you. motivated you. No, nothing, nothing, No, nothing, nothing, No, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing. nothing, nothing. nothing, nothing. Zero.  For now. Zero.  For now. Zero.  For now. Okay, then let's go this way. Okay, then let's go this way. Okay, then let's go this way. Yes. Yes. Yes. So, what do we do with So, what do we do with So, what do we do with this?  Well, I'll take this one, idiot. this?  Well, I'll take this one, idiot. this?  Well, I'll take this one, idiot. Can I take this? Can I take this? Can I take this? Yes, whatever you want. Yes, whatever you want. Yes, whatever you want. And can I take this one? And can I take this one? And can I take this one? No, I'll leave it at that. No, I'll leave it at that. No, I'll leave it at that. Okay.  Okay, stop.  Eat, honey, I want to Okay.  Okay, stop.  Eat, honey, I want to Okay.  Okay, stop.  Eat, honey, I want to chat for a while.  How are you?  I didn't see you chat for a while.  How are you?  I didn't see you chat for a while.  How are you?  I didn't see you all day.  We didn't do anything yesterday. all day.  We didn't do anything yesterday. all day.  We didn't do anything yesterday. No, it's true.  I slept this afternoon. No, it's true.  I slept this afternoon. No, it's true.  I slept this afternoon. Where did you go last night?  What Where did you go last night?  What Where did you go last night?  What time did you go to bed? time did you go to bed? time did you go to bed? I went out to a new bowling alley.  It was very good. I went out to a new bowling alley.  It was very good. I went out to a new bowling alley.  It was very good. And I went to bed, I don't know, at 10. And I went to bed, I don't know, at 10. And I went to bed, I don't know, at 10. What time did you go to bed? What time did you go to bed? What time did you go to bed? At 11 a.m. At 11 a.m. At 11 a.m. Ah, I thought it was from the night.  [laughter] 11 in the morning.  Ah, you worked 11 in the morning.  Ah, you worked 11 in the morning.  Ah, you worked late, late, late, huh?  I made this this afternoon, I stayed behind huh?  I made this this afternoon, I stayed behind huh?  I made this this afternoon, I stayed behind recording TikTok. recording TikTok. recording TikTok. Ah, okay, okay, okay.  [laughs] I Ah, okay, okay, okay.  [laughs] I Ah, okay, okay, okay.  [laughs] I swear, I did all the steps, swear, I did all the steps, swear, I did all the steps, every single one.  And every single one.  And every single one.  And listen to me in the Boriche, alone and listen to me in the Boriche, alone and listen to me in the Boriche, alone and accompanied. accompanied. accompanied. No, only always. No, only always. No, only always. No, no, but with friends, I mean. No, no, but with friends, I mean. No, no, but with friends, I mean. Ah, no, friends, friends always.  Yes, yes, Ah, no, friends, friends always.  Yes, yes, Ah, no, friends, friends always.  Yes, yes, yes.  Accompanied.  Accompanied. yes.  Accompanied.  Accompanied. yes.  Accompanied.  Accompanied. I could go out with Valen Gols at I could go out with Valen Gols at I could go out with Valen Gols at some bar one day, right? some bar one day, right? some bar one day, right? Uh, Uh, Uh, nothing.  Well, I want to know if you try it, let me nothing.  Well, I want to know if you try it, let me nothing.  Well, I want to know if you try it, let me know what you think.  Oh, come on, fatty.  Give me some know what you think.  Oh, come on, fatty.  Give me some know what you think.  Oh, come on, fatty.  Give me some Sindor.  He never wanted to give it to me, huh Sindor.  He never wanted to give it to me, huh Sindor.  He never wanted to give it to me, huh ?  Never, ?  Never, ?  Never, never historically.  No, never historically.  No, never historically.  No, no, never, never, never. no, never, never, never. no, never, never, never. Aria, so you know, guys, loves the Aria, so you know, guys, loves the Aria, so you know, guys, loves the fat guy because she sees him as a puff.  She fat guy because she sees him as a puff.  She fat guy because she sees him as a puff.  She [laughs] lies [laughs] lies [laughs] lies down, spends her time there, lies down on top of down, spends her time there, lies down on top of down, spends her time there, lies down on top of the chubby one. the chubby one. the chubby one. My relationship with Conaria is one of give and take My relationship with Conaria is one of give and take My relationship with Conaria is one of give and take . . . What does she give you? What does she give you? What does she give you? Love and affection. Love and affection. Love and affection. Ah, okay.  And you, you're all the same to him. Ah, okay.  And you, you're all the same to him. Ah, okay.  And you, you're all the same to him. And I give him the same. And I give him the same. And I give him the same. Well, try, try a pancake we made Well, try, try a pancake we made Well, try, try a pancake we made today.   No today.   No today.   No , not one, a whole bunch of us did it. , not one, a whole bunch of us did it. , not one, a whole bunch of us did it. One, yes, a few.  One and a One, yes, a few.  One and a One, yes, a few.  One and a half million. half million. half million. That? That? That? Hey, look.  Uh, Hey, look.  Uh, Hey, look.  Uh, what? what? what? Hey, what about Hey, what about Hey, what about dulce de leche? dulce de leche? dulce de leche? There, There, There, there so you can do it.  Clear.  We didn't there so you can do it.  Clear.  We didn't there so you can do it.  Clear.  We didn't bring a spoon. bring a spoon. bring a spoon. What are you doing? Well, good day. Well, good day. Well, good day. Monday was beautiful.  [laughs] Monday was beautiful.  [laughs] Monday was beautiful.  [laughs] Look at the [ __ ].  Look at the [ __ ].  How does he Look at the [ __ ].  Look at the [ __ ].  How does he Look at the [ __ ].  Look at the [ __ ].  How does he look at you? look at you? look at you? Stop, stop.  I can give him a small piece Stop, stop.  I can give him a small piece Stop, stop.  I can give him a small piece of ham. of ham. of ham. That dish.  Give him whatever you want.  Eat That dish.  Give him whatever you want.  Eat That dish.  Give him whatever you want.  Eat the tray if you want.  They washed this. the tray if you want.  They washed this. the tray if you want.  They washed this. No, I made some patties here last night. No, I made some patties here last night. No, I made some patties here last night. Ah.  Uh.  I don't know.  I honestly don't know. Ah.  Uh.  I don't know.  I honestly don't know. Ah.  Uh.  I don't know.  I honestly don't know. Something is missing. Something is missing. Something is missing. What's missing? What's missing? What's missing? A small glass of cocucha. A small glass of cocucha. A small glass of cocucha. Coc. Coc. Coc. How cocaine? How cocaine? How cocaine? How do I give you coke, fatty?  We're How do I give you coke, fatty?  We're How do I give you coke, fatty?  We're having a big breakfast. having a big breakfast. having a big breakfast. 2 o'clock [laughs] afternoon a chorizo ​​steak 2 o'clock [laughs] afternoon a chorizo ​​steak 2 o'clock [laughs] afternoon a chorizo ​​steak with mashed potatoes with mashed potatoes with mashed potatoes eating a pancake. eating a pancake. eating a pancake. Well, because I, listen to me, I think a Well, because I, listen to me, I think a Well, because I, listen to me, I think a barbecue.   Do barbecue.   Do barbecue.   Do you care about my night last night? you care about my night last night? you care about my night last night? So, what did you do?   I So, what did you do?   I So, what did you do?   I stayed in my room last night, with stayed in my room last night, with stayed in my room last night, with company, calm.  Well, never company, calm.  Well, never company, calm.  Well, never mind, I'm not going to give any more details.   The mind, I'm not going to give any more details.   The mind, I'm not going to give any more details.   The thing is, I get up at 11 and thing is, I get up at 11 and thing is, I get up at 11 and I hear that the chubby guy was coming up, you I hear that the chubby guy was coming up, you I hear that the chubby guy was coming up, you know?  I hear the chubby one going up, up, know?  I hear the chubby one going up, up, know?  I hear the chubby one going up, up, up.  I say, "Oh, she went to bed late. up.  I say, "Oh, she went to bed late. up.  I say, "Oh, she went to bed late. Well, I'm clearly Well, I'm clearly Well, I'm clearly not going to make breakfast now. She just got back not going to make breakfast now. She just got back not going to make breakfast now. She just got back from a bowling alley or wherever she came from a bowling alley or wherever she came from a bowling alley or wherever she came back from."  And, well, I said, "I'm going to get him back from."  And, well, I said, "I'm going to get him back from."  And, well, I said, "I'm going to get him up now. Relax, and I'm going to up now. Relax, and I'm going to up now. Relax, and I'm going to make him breakfast at 2 in the afternoon, like he make him breakfast at 2 in the afternoon, like he make him breakfast at 2 in the afternoon, like he deserves. You go to bed at 11 in the deserves. You go to bed at 11 in the deserves. You go to bed at 11 in the morning? morning? morning? Well, maybe. I'm more of a 'if I get Well, maybe. I'm more of a 'if I get Well, maybe. I'm more of a 'if I get up at noon, I'll have some noodles up at noon, I'll have some noodles up at noon, I'll have some noodles with your...' kind of person. with your...' kind of person. with your...' kind of person. Well, next time I'll make you some noodles with Well, next time I'll make you some noodles with Well, next time I'll make you some noodles with your... for the next blog post, your... for the next blog post, your... for the next blog post, some noodles with tomato sauce, and you're my best friend. I'm some noodles with tomato sauce, and you're my best friend. I'm some noodles with tomato sauce, and you're my best friend. I'm not. not. not. Oh, okay. [laughs] Well, Oh, okay. [laughs] Well, Oh, okay. [laughs] Well, what separates us is some videos with what separates us is some videos with what separates us is some videos with tomato sauce. tomato sauce. tomato sauce. Some videos with tomato sauce. Yes, yes, yes, yes, Some videos with tomato sauce. Yes, yes, yes, yes, Some videos with tomato sauce. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. yes. yes. I'm eating this too, huh? I'm eating this too, huh? I'm eating this too, huh? Yes. Very good. Well, you can see the Yes. Very good. Well, you can see the Yes. Very good. Well, you can see the difference. Well, we can notice a difference. Well, we can notice a difference. Well, we can notice a little, guys, my little, guys, my little, guys, my dog's training, which is true. Yes, maybe she's all dog's training, which is true. Yes, maybe she's all dog's training, which is true. Yes, maybe she's all over you like it's a sofa, over you like it's a sofa, over you like it's a sofa, but she doesn't paw at you. but she doesn't paw at you. but she doesn't paw at you. But she doesn't paw at you. She looks at the food, look But she doesn't paw at you. She looks at the food, look But she doesn't paw at you. She looks at the food, look how she looks at the food, and she doesn't do how she looks at the food, and she doesn't do how she looks at the food, and she doesn't do anything. And if you give her the food, like, no  She gets anything. And if you give her the food, like, no  She gets anything. And if you give her the food, like, no  She gets desperate, you know? She eats it normally and just desperate, you know? She eats it normally and just desperate, you know? She eats it normally and just stays there. No, she doesn't do anything. It's stays there. No, she doesn't do anything. It's stays there. No, she doesn't do anything. It's incredible. The best dog incredible. The best dog incredible. The best dog ever. ever. ever. Perfect. That's because you sent him to dog Perfect. That's because you sent him to dog Perfect. That's because you sent him to dog training school, right? training school, right? training school, right? Yes, yes, yes. I sent him to school. He did Yes, yes, yes. I sent him to school. He did Yes, yes, yes. I sent him to school. He did like two years. like two years. like two years. Two years. Two years. Two years. Two years. He even has a postgraduate degree Two years. He even has a postgraduate degree Two years. He even has a postgraduate degree . All sorts of . All sorts of . All sorts of classmates. Before I close classmates. Before I close classmates. Before I close this video with Gordi, eating the this video with Gordi, eating the this video with Gordi, eating the breakfast of the gods that his breakfast of the gods that his breakfast of the gods that his brother and I made for him, I want to say that I'm brother and I made for him, I want to say that I'm brother and I made for him, I want to say that I'm looking for a boyfriend for Arias again. I'm looking for a boyfriend for Arias again. I'm looking for a boyfriend for Arias again. I'm not even telling you to follow me on Instagram, not even telling you to follow me on Instagram, not even telling you to follow me on Instagram, or me, or Bauti, no. I'm or me, or Bauti, no. I'm or me, or Bauti, no. I'm telling you that we need a boyfriend for telling you that we need a boyfriend for telling you that we need a boyfriend for Ari, for my little dog, for my daughter, whom Ari, for my little dog, for my daughter, whom Ari, for my little dog, for my daughter, whom I love with all my heart. I want her to I love with all my heart. I want her to I love with all my heart. I want her to meet another Sharp, I want her to have meet another Sharp, I want her to have meet another Sharp, I want her to have friends and play in the yard, which friends and play in the yard, which friends and play in the yard, which we have now, we can have her we have now, we can have her we have now, we can have her play with her boyfriend, right? play with her boyfriend, right? play with her boyfriend, right? Yes, yes, that could be Yes, yes, that could be Yes, yes, that could be why. So, anyway, did you like it, why. So, anyway, did you like it, why. So, anyway, did you like it, Gordi? What score? Thanks for the breakfast. I'm Gordi? What score? Thanks for the breakfast. I'm Gordi? What score? Thanks for the breakfast. I'm signing off now.  Video, this signing off now.  Video, this signing off now.  Video, this daily blog. daily blog. daily blog. Now I'm going to open the croissant, I'm going Now I'm going to open the croissant, I'm going Now I'm going to open the croissant, I'm going to put the cream inside. Taking that to put the cream inside. Taking that to put the cream inside. Taking that into account, a seven into account, a seven into account, a seven told you that you wanted with yours. told you that you wanted with yours. told you that you wanted with yours. Well, well. Good, we tried Well, well. Good, we tried Well, well. Good, we tried . We passed, we tried . We passed, we tried . We passed, we tried in high school. With a pass. in high school. With a pass. in high school. With a pass. Okay, perfect, perfect. Okay, perfect, perfect. Okay, perfect, perfect. Well, guys, do you want to say goodbye to Well, guys, do you want to say goodbye to Well, guys, do you want to say goodbye to him? Or should I say goodbye? him? Or should I say goodbye? him? Or should I say goodbye? Whatever you want. Whatever you want. Whatever you want. Say goodbye. Say goodbye. Say goodbye. Okay, guys. Okay, guys. Okay, guys. No, you say goodbye. Say goodbye. No, you say goodbye. Say goodbye. No, you say goodbye. Say goodbye. Okay, guys. Okay, guys. Okay, guys. Okay. Okay, guys. No, for everyone. Okay. Okay, guys. No, for everyone. Okay. Okay, guys. No, for everyone. Look, listen to how it's done. Listen to Look, listen to how it's done. Listen to Look, listen to how it's done. Listen to how it's done. Well, folks, I hope you how it's done. Well, folks, I hope you how it's done. Well, folks, I hope you liked today's blog. liked today's blog. liked today's blog. The truth is there was quite a lot of content The truth is there was quite a lot of content The truth is there was quite a lot of content from when I woke up until I came, from when I woke up until I came, from when I woke up until I came, until I cooked, until we came with until I cooked, until we came with until I cooked, until we came with the chubby one, until I crossed paths with Bauti, who the chubby one, until I crossed paths with Bauti, who the chubby one, until I crossed paths with Bauti, who supported me quite a bit, actually, supported me quite a bit, actually, supported me quite a bit, actually, quite well. We're going to try to upload a quite well. We're going to try to upload a quite well. We're going to try to upload a blog every day, that's the  The goal is for you to blog every day, that's the  The goal is for you to blog every day, that's the  The goal is for you to see a little bit of how our day starts see a little bit of how our day starts see a little bit of how our day starts , because everything else , because everything else , because everything else is recorded—when we're is recorded—when we're is recorded—when we're filming, when we go to restaurants, filming, when we go to restaurants, filming, when we go to restaurants, when we're recording for when we're recording for when we're recording for YouTube. You can see it on our YouTube. You can see it on our YouTube. You can see it on our main channels, but before that, we have a life, main channels, but before that, we have a life, main channels, but before that, we have a life, however small, which is what we're however small, which is what we're however small, which is what we're showing in these blogs, and that's the idea, right? showing in these blogs, and that's the idea, right? showing in these blogs, and that's the idea, right? So, we love you all very much. So, we love you all very much. So, we love you all very much. Follow Bauti, especially the girls, Follow Bauti, especially the girls, Follow Bauti, especially the girls, because he's looking for a girlfriend. Follow me, because he's looking for a girlfriend. Follow me, because he's looking for a girlfriend. Follow me, since I'm not looking for a partner, and follow since I'm not looking for a partner, and follow since I'm not looking for a partner, and follow Gordi on Instagram. Yes, leave a Gordi on Instagram. Yes, leave a Gordi on Instagram. Yes, leave a like, subscribe to this like, subscribe to this like, subscribe to this new channel, Patti and Marog, and we love you a new channel, Patti and Marog, and we love you a new channel, Patti and Marog, and we love you a lot. Good luck. Bye.