A small insistence of my sister brought me to the middle of the A small insistence of my sister brought me to the middle of the A small insistence of my sister brought me to the middle of the market.  Actually tomorrow market.  Actually tomorrow market.  Actually tomorrow is the second Monday of Sawan and Aafat Ki is the second Monday of Sawan and Aafat Ki is the second Monday of Sawan and Aafat Ki Pudiya has to go to visit Lord Shiva after creating a Sawan look. Pudiya has to go to visit Lord Shiva after creating a Sawan look. Pudiya has to go to visit Lord Shiva after creating a Sawan look. I explained that I explained that I explained that Lord Shiva will not look at your looks but your devotion, but she was not going to Lord Shiva will not look at your looks but your devotion, but she was not going to Lord Shiva will not look at your looks but your devotion, but she was not going to die and brother, she had already die and brother, she had already die and brother, she had already made a list of important things. made a list of important things. made a list of important things. I started feeling dizzy after seeing the list and I started feeling dizzy after seeing the list and I started feeling dizzy after seeing the list and it took me to a place where even it took me to a place where even it took me to a place where even boys would be dizzy after reaching there.  But somehow I boys would be dizzy after reaching there.  But somehow I boys would be dizzy after reaching there.  But somehow I survived and got her soap items and survived and got her soap items and survived and got her soap items and brought her home, then she started getting ready quickly. brought her home, then she started getting ready quickly. brought her home, then she started getting ready quickly. And what do I see?  So she was And what do I see?  So she was And what do I see?  So she was spraying something in her hair like mom.  When spraying something in her hair like mom.  When spraying something in her hair like mom.  When I asked, she told me Bhaiya, I I asked, she told me Bhaiya, I I asked, she told me Bhaiya, I always always always apply Alp Goodness Rosemary Water Spray before combing my hair apply Alp Goodness Rosemary Water Spray before combing my hair apply Alp Goodness Rosemary Water Spray before combing my hair because it increases blood circulation in the scalp because it increases blood circulation in the scalp because it increases blood circulation in the scalp and also reduces hair fall three times and also reduces hair fall three times and also reduces hair fall three times and she said, look, and she said, look, and she said, look, baby Hash has also arrived in 12 weeks.  I quickly baby Hash has also arrived in 12 weeks.  I quickly baby Hash has also arrived in 12 weeks.  I quickly asked how to use it?  It said asked how to use it?  It said asked how to use it?  It said spray it on the scalp and massage it gently and spray it on the scalp and massage it gently and spray it on the scalp and massage it gently and leave it.  And along with this it leave it.  And along with this it leave it.  And along with this it is also light weight and non-glittery.  It does is also light weight and non-glittery.  It does is also light weight and non-glittery.  It does not even feel sticky after application.  I said yes, come on, get not even feel sticky after application.  I said yes, come on, get not even feel sticky after application.  I said yes, come on, get ready quickly now.  Well, if you also ready quickly now.  Well, if you also ready quickly now.  Well, if you also want it then go upstairs and order it.