Greetings.  Today's blog is a daily Greetings.  Today's blog is a daily Greetings.  Today's blog is a daily routine blog and before starting the vlog routine blog and before starting the vlog routine blog and before starting the vlog I want to tell you that my name is I want to tell you that my name is I want to tell you that my name is Arshi and I belong to Ghaziabad district in India.  So Arshi and I belong to Ghaziabad district in India.  So Arshi and I belong to Ghaziabad district in India.  So let's start the vlog. let's start the vlog. let's start the vlog. So today is Sunday and it is very early in the morning.  That So today is Sunday and it is very early in the morning.  That So today is Sunday and it is very early in the morning.  That means, after the Namaz, I means, after the Namaz, I means, after the Namaz, I came to make tea because he had a came to make tea because he had a came to make tea because he had a meeting today and he had to go to Delhi.  So meeting today and he had to go to Delhi.  So meeting today and he had to go to Delhi.  So we have just had tea and he was we have just had tea and he was we have just had tea and he was refusing to have breakfast.  So I went refusing to have breakfast.  So I went refusing to have breakfast.  So I went with my brother who had just come from Lucknow.  I with my brother who had just come from Lucknow.  I with my brother who had just come from Lucknow.  I brought some biscuits and cookies.  So I just brought some biscuits and cookies.  So I just brought some biscuits and cookies.  So I just gave it to him and he left.  Now after that gave it to him and he left.  Now after that gave it to him and he left.  Now after that see how good the weather is becoming.  Then see how good the weather is becoming.  Then see how good the weather is becoming.  Then I had to order some things from Blanket. I had to order some things from Blanket. I had to order some things from Blanket. I had ordered those things because I had ordered those things because I had ordered those things because I had to prepare lunch also.  So I was I had to prepare lunch also.  So I was I had to prepare lunch also.  So I was thinking that while the kids are sleeping, let's do some of thinking that while the kids are sleeping, let's do some of thinking that while the kids are sleeping, let's do some of our work.  So the children had our work.  So the children had our work.  So the children had not woken up from sleep yet.  So I just had all this not woken up from sleep yet.  So I just had all this not woken up from sleep yet.  So I just had all this stuff come up.  This was also installed.  By this stuff come up.  This was also installed.  By this stuff come up.  This was also installed.  By this time Hussain had woken up.  Now I have time Hussain had woken up.  Now I have time Hussain had woken up.  Now I have come to him to know what will you have for come to him to know what will you have for come to him to know what will you have for breakfast?  What to eat?  So Hussain does breakfast?  What to eat?  So Hussain does breakfast?  What to eat?  So Hussain does not eat bread etc.  Umra not eat bread etc.  Umra not eat bread etc.  Umra eats it straight away.  So here I have eats it straight away.  So here I have eats it straight away.  So here I have made parantha and egg for him.  So that's what most of his made parantha and egg for him.  So that's what most of his made parantha and egg for him.  So that's what most of his breakfast is.  Fried egg and parantha. breakfast is.  Fried egg and parantha. breakfast is.  Fried egg and parantha. So now let's quickly prepare breakfast for him too.  On the So now let's quickly prepare breakfast for him too.  On the So now let's quickly prepare breakfast for him too.  On the other side, I had other side, I had other side, I had kept the water to heat and kept the water to heat and kept the water to heat and boil it properly because I had just received a boil it properly because I had just received a boil it properly because I had just received a call from my brother and he has a call from my brother and he has a call from my brother and he has a competition in Gurgaon.  Those people are competition in Gurgaon.  Those people are competition in Gurgaon.  Those people are going there.  So my house is not on the way, going there.  So my house is not on the way, going there.  So my house is not on the way, Ghaziabad is on the road itself.  So he Ghaziabad is on the road itself.  So he Ghaziabad is on the road itself.  So he said I will drink black coffee before leaving from your place. said I will drink black coffee before leaving from your place. said I will drink black coffee before leaving from your place. And there was just enough time so I had quickly And there was just enough time so I had quickly And there was just enough time so I had quickly prepared it and these people prepared it and these people prepared it and these people took the mugs and went away.  So they also left and took the mugs and went away.  So they also left and took the mugs and went away.  So they also left and after that I came and now I have to after that I came and now I have to after that I came and now I have to quickly finish all my bedsheets and quickly finish all my bedsheets and quickly finish all my bedsheets and dusting etc. whatever work I have to do dusting etc. whatever work I have to do dusting etc. whatever work I have to do because my because my because my house helper comes by 9:00.  Then she starts her work, house helper comes by 9:00.  Then she starts her work, house helper comes by 9:00.  Then she starts her work, cleaning and cleaning and cleaning and sweeping.  Before that I sweeping.  Before that I sweeping.  Before that I put bedsheets etc. on top of everything.  And now I am put bedsheets etc. on top of everything.  And now I am put bedsheets etc. on top of everything.  And now I am free from whatever little work I had left and have come to the free from whatever little work I had left and have come to the free from whatever little work I had left and have come to the kitchen.  Now let's make a quick kitchen.  Now let's make a quick kitchen.  Now let's make a quick lunch.  So here I was going to make lunch.  So here I was going to make lunch.  So here I was going to make Matar Paneer today.  So now you must have seen that I had Matar Paneer today.  So now you must have seen that I had Matar Paneer today.  So now you must have seen that I had ordered peas from Blinkit ordered peas from Blinkit ordered peas from Blinkit because my children like peas paneer very much because my children like peas paneer very much because my children like peas paneer very much and whatever they eat on Sundays, and whatever they eat on Sundays, and whatever they eat on Sundays, I make the same after knowing from them, so I make the same after knowing from them, so I make the same after knowing from them, so here I have taken three onions and here I have taken three onions and here I have taken three onions and made a very nice paste of it, made a very nice paste of it, made a very nice paste of it, oil was heated in a vessel, then I oil was heated in a vessel, then I oil was heated in a vessel, then I added that onion paste here, added that onion paste here, added that onion paste here, cashew nuts and tomatoes, two tomatoes and cashew nuts, I have cashew nuts and tomatoes, two tomatoes and cashew nuts, I have cashew nuts and tomatoes, two tomatoes and cashew nuts, I have made a very fine paste, will made a very fine paste, will made a very fine paste, will add this also in it, I am telling you a very easy recipe add this also in it, I am telling you a very easy recipe add this also in it, I am telling you a very easy recipe of peas paneer, so someone had of peas paneer, so someone had of peas paneer, so someone had asked me to tell you a recipe without garlic, asked me to tell you a recipe without garlic, asked me to tell you a recipe without garlic, so this is the same recipe, in this we will so this is the same recipe, in this we will so this is the same recipe, in this we will not use any garlic.  Now that not use any garlic.  Now that not use any garlic.  Now that all the pastes have been added, we will all the pastes have been added, we will all the pastes have been added, we will add red chilli powder, a little salt, add red chilli powder, a little salt, add red chilli powder, a little salt, a little coriander powder and ground garam a little coriander powder and ground garam a little coriander powder and ground garam masala.  When the spices are roasted a little, masala.  When the spices are roasted a little, masala.  When the spices are roasted a little, add some sugar to it.  Very little add some sugar to it.  Very little add some sugar to it.  Very little but please do add it.  Its taste but please do add it.  Its taste but please do add it.  Its taste becomes very good.  So after that, we will becomes very good.  So after that, we will wash the frozen mutton that we had ordered thoroughly and when the masala is roasted, we will wash the frozen mutton that we had ordered thoroughly and when the masala is roasted, we will wash the frozen mutton that we had ordered thoroughly and when the masala is roasted, we will add it to it.  So try making this recipe sometime.  It tastes add it to it.  So try making this recipe sometime.  It tastes add it to it.  So try making this recipe sometime.  It tastes very good.  We will very good.  We will very good.  We will add paneer and kasuri add paneer and kasuri add paneer and kasuri methi on top.  Now I have come to my methi on top.  Now I have come to my methi on top.  Now I have come to my room and I will show you which room and I will show you which room and I will show you which suit I am wearing today.  So I suit I am wearing today.  So I suit I am wearing today.  So I picked out this suit for myself to wear today picked out this suit for myself to wear today picked out this suit for myself to wear today and if you guys want to see the long vlog as well and if you guys want to see the long vlog as well and if you guys want to see the long vlog as well because I am getting a lot of messages then because I am getting a lot of messages then because I am getting a lot of messages then you can find it on YouTube. you can find it on YouTube. you can find it on YouTube. I have a YouTube channel named Fudla Vidarshi. I have a YouTube channel named Fudla Vidarshi. I have a YouTube channel named Fudla Vidarshi. Go and see that.