We worked so hard to build a swimming pool for the turtle We worked so hard to build a swimming pool for the turtle We worked so hard to build a swimming pool for the turtle but it made a mess.  So but it made a mess.  So but it made a mess.  So yesterday you saw that we caught a tortoise from the field and yesterday you saw that we caught a tortoise from the field and yesterday you saw that we caught a tortoise from the field and we give it rice to eat but it does we give it rice to eat but it does we give it rice to eat but it does not eat it.  Rest of the friends, you had not eat it.  Rest of the friends, you had not eat it.  Rest of the friends, you had told in the comment that he eats soil, that is why told in the comment that he eats soil, that is why told in the comment that he eats soil, that is why Munia and I brought him to the field and Munia and I brought him to the field and Munia and I brought him to the field and left him in the soil.  He immediately left him in the soil.  He immediately left him in the soil.  He immediately breaks the hole and hides.  Rest of the friends, breaks the hole and hides.  Rest of the friends, breaks the hole and hides.  Rest of the friends, mother was also in the field and was harvesting paddy mother was also in the field and was harvesting paddy mother was also in the field and was harvesting paddy and she told us that there is some water in the field, and she told us that there is some water in the field, and she told us that there is some water in the field, so you should connect it to that small tractor. so you should connect it to that small tractor. so you should connect it to that small tractor. So we flicked the switch. So we flicked the switch. So we flicked the switch. And by pulling the rope and starting the tractor, they And by pulling the rope and starting the tractor, they And by pulling the rope and starting the tractor, they plough their fields in a short time. plough their fields in a short time. plough their fields in a short time. After that Munia takes out the tortoise from the mud After that Munia takes out the tortoise from the mud After that Munia takes out the tortoise from the mud and says, brother, it has become very and says, brother, it has become very and says, brother, it has become very dirty.  Let's give it a bath in the swimming pool. dirty.  Let's give it a bath in the swimming pool. dirty.  Let's give it a bath in the swimming pool. So, we come home and fill the So, we come home and fill the So, we come home and fill the swimming pool with air swimming pool with air swimming pool with air and water along with the Munia gang and as soon as we put the turtle in it, and water along with the Munia gang and as soon as we put the turtle in it, and water along with the Munia gang and as soon as we put the turtle in it, it starts swimming around in the water. it starts swimming around in the water. it starts swimming around in the water. Seeing this, Anu becomes very Seeing this, Anu becomes very Seeing this, Anu becomes very happy.  But then the turtle made happy.  But then the turtle made happy.  But then the turtle made a hole in the swimming pool. a hole in the swimming pool. a hole in the swimming pool. Due to which air starts coming out. Due to which air starts coming out. Due to which air starts coming out.