Someone has released the computer science cost paper, sir.   I just put Someone has released the computer science cost paper, sir.   I just put Someone has released the computer science cost paper, sir.   I just put all the paper in the trash, all the paper in the trash, all the paper in the trash, sir.  But sir.  But sir.  But the paper that was on top is now upside down, the paper that was on top is now upside down, the paper that was on top is now upside down, sir. sir. sir. Where are those shoes, sir? The sea that said his name was proud The sea that said his name was proud The sea that said his name was proud He said that he was taller than the world He said that he was taller than the world He said that he was taller than the world [Music] Machine machine machine machine What are you doing? Have you [Music] Machine machine machine machine What are you doing? Have you brought a dog? Hey, brought a dog? Hey, brought a dog? Hey, these dogs are the ones who these dogs are the ones who these dogs are the ones who stole the paper. They stole the paper. They stole the paper. They are going to sniff and find out are going to sniff and find out are going to sniff and find out what it is. Will it smell like this? Then they will sniff and bite what it is. Will it smell like this? Then they will sniff and bite you like you. The dog is looking at me. Be you like you. The dog is looking at me. Be you like you. The dog is looking at me. Be happy, science lovers. Don't be tense. Come on, happy, science lovers. Don't be tense. Come on, Johnny, let's go and search. I doubt this will find anything. What kind of fence is it? Have you put a jetty on? Total. Why are you so far away? Johnny, Johnny, Johnny, your dog has been hungry since morning. your dog has been hungry since morning. He has found the bathroom correctly. Today, no matter He has found the bathroom correctly. Today, no matter He has found the bathroom correctly. Today, no matter what you eat in Blue Grass, it doesn't matter. All what you eat in Blue Grass, it doesn't matter. All what you eat in Blue Grass, it doesn't matter. All three dogs.  I'm three dogs.  I'm three dogs.  I'm going to stone you to death.   I have going to stone you to death.   I have going to stone you to death.   I have two dogs, Susha. two dogs, Susha. two dogs, Susha. You are a dog after all.   He You are a dog after all.   He You are a dog after all.   He talked and talked and made the dogs angry. talked and talked and made the dogs angry. talked and talked and made the dogs angry. Call the NCC master. Call the NCC master. Call the NCC master. Prasapsara Sir, the headmaster asked you to come immediately, Sir, the headmaster asked you to come immediately, Sir, the headmaster asked you to come immediately, sir. What's up with the NCC Erasmus?   Even if the What's up with the NCC Erasmus?   Even if the What's up with the NCC Erasmus?   Even if the military comes and finds out, military comes and finds out, military comes and finds out, nothing will happen.   If you don't have a copy of the nothing will happen.   If you don't have a copy of the nothing will happen.   If you don't have a copy of the number on the paper, turn on the scanner, or number on the paper, turn on the scanner, or number on the paper, turn on the scanner, or make a copy on the Xerox machine, you should have taken a photo or video on your make a copy on the Xerox machine, you should have taken a photo or video on your make a copy on the Xerox machine, you should have taken a photo or video on your mobile phone instead of writing it by hand mobile phone instead of writing it by hand .   How .   How long does it take to take photos and videos, whether it's the Taj Mahal or the big temple in Thanjavur? Madam, how long does it take to sort out the paper of the new city?   It's too long does it take to take photos and videos, whether it's the Taj Mahal or the big temple in Thanjavur? Madam, how long does it take to sort out the paper of the new city?   It's too long does it take to take photos and videos, whether it's the Taj Mahal or the big temple in Thanjavur? Madam, how long does it take to sort out the paper of the new city?   It's too late to tie a saree for them late to tie a saree for them late to tie a saree for them .  All of that will take about .  All of that will take about .  All of that will take about an hour, sir.  Please go ahead, an hour, sir.  Please go ahead, an hour, sir.  Please go ahead, sir. You may be an old police officer.  But when I sir. You may be an old police officer.  But when I see people seriously searching for something to investigate, it makes me laugh see people seriously searching for something to investigate, it makes me laugh see people seriously searching for something to investigate, it makes me laugh . . . So I'm going to buy a piece of paper, So I'm going to buy a piece of paper, So I'm going to buy a piece of paper, buy a bench, and stick it in a physics master's buy a bench, and stick it in a physics master's buy a bench, and stick it in a physics master's newspaper.  [Music] newspaper.  [Music] Search for the song you want to find. Search for the song you want to find. Search for the song you want to find. Why, Bucky, Why, Bucky, Why, Bucky, I won't buy you a name, you I won't buy you a name, you I won't buy you a name, you buy me a beer. buy me a beer. buy me a beer. They will die if they are caught.   If you don't speak They will die if they are caught.   If you don't speak They will die if they are caught.   If you don't speak Hindi, you will Hindi, you will Hindi, you will break your teeth. What's the matter, break your teeth. What's the matter, Pakki? Go straight to Madanlal Thiruvilakara Bhajanlal Thambi Keerthil's daughter Pingilala and warn her not to let her sleep day or night for a week without rice or water. I will go and learn Hindi. Udukka Vaaya [Music] Will the message come? Will the message come? The message comes without dusting the floor. Don't you think? It's Pakki? Go straight to Madanlal Thiruvilakara Bhajanlal Thambi Keerthil's daughter Pingilala and warn her not to let her sleep day or night for a week without rice or water. I will go and learn Hindi. Udukka Vaaya [Music] Will the message come? Will the message come? The message comes without dusting the floor. Don't you think? It's Pakki? Go straight to Madanlal Thiruvilakara Bhajanlal Thambi Keerthil's daughter Pingilala and warn her not to let her sleep day or night for a week without rice or water. I will go and learn Hindi. Udukka Vaaya [Music] Will the message come? Will the message come? The message comes without dusting the floor. Don't you think? It's so boring. Oh my God, not a single so boring. Oh my God, not a single word in this school is correct. What word in this school is correct. What word in this school is correct. What word do you say? If word do you say? If word do you say? If there is an English teacher, she will come to there is an English teacher, she will come to there is an English teacher, she will come to teach you grammar or glamor. I don't know if she will come to teach you grammar. teach you grammar or glamor. I don't know if she will come to teach you grammar. teach you grammar or glamor. I don't know if she will come to teach you grammar. She is like a She is like a big hotel with a big ozone layer behind her jacket. All the big hotel with a big ozone layer behind her jacket. All the big hotel with a big ozone layer behind her jacket. All the moderates are moderates are moderates are incompetent, Tamilists are incompetent, Tamilists are incompetent, Tamilists are ignorant, scientists are stupid, and geologist are stupid ignorant, scientists are stupid, and geologist are stupid ignorant, scientists are stupid, and geologist are stupid .  So is this .  So is this .  So is this school a waste?   Is it a school a waste?   Is it a school a waste?   Is it a plug point nose? plug point nose? plug point nose? How can school be a waste?  A total of 16 acres. How can school be a waste?  A total of 16 acres. How can school be a waste?  A total of 16 acres. That building is two acres.  If the remaining That building is two acres.  If the remaining That building is two acres.  If the remaining 14 acres were divided and flats were built, it would 14 acres were divided and flats were built, it would 14 acres were divided and flats were built, it would bring in 6 crores per person.   We can't just bring in 6 crores per person.   We can't just go to the Andamans and buy our own island and go to the Andamans and buy our own island and go to the Andamans and buy our own island and live in luxury. live in luxury. live in luxury. Can we live comfortably?   We were having a Can we live comfortably?   We were having a serious discussion about the special features of our school, serious discussion about the special features of our school, serious discussion about the special features of our school, sir.  Hey, sir.  Hey, sir.  Hey, we all heard you talking on this microphone, condemning each and every one of us we all heard you talking on this microphone, condemning each and every one of us we all heard you talking on this microphone, condemning each and every one of us . . . Why did I not know what to ask when the mic Why did I not know what to ask when the mic Why did I not know what to ask when the mic was on? I was on? I was on? I turned it on without realizing it. turned it on without realizing it. You, the flood worker, have made my mouth stink and made me feel so unfair. As usual, as usual, as white as usual. What have you forgiven me? Sir, the You, the flood worker, have made my mouth stink and made me feel so unfair. As usual, as usual, as white as usual. What have you forgiven me? Sir, the You, the flood worker, have made my mouth stink and made me feel so unfair. As usual, as usual, as white as usual. What have you forgiven me? Sir, the Almighty Father in the heavenly realm, Almighty Father in the heavenly realm, Almighty Father in the heavenly realm, knowingly and knowingly and knowingly and unknowingly, forgive unknowingly, forgive unknowingly, forgive me for all the sins I have committed and grant me forgiveness. me for all the sins I have committed and grant me forgiveness. me for all the sins I have committed and grant me forgiveness. Sir, how can you be jealous of Rimal how can you be jealous of Rimal how can you be jealous of Rimal ? ? ? Good morning, sir. Good morning, sir. Good morning, sir. Why do you salute me?   Even Why do you salute me?   Even Why do you salute me?   Even if I have to, you are our superior, if I have to, you are our superior, sir. sir. sir. Oh, how did you get here, sir? When Oh, how did you get here, sir? When I shot the mental Ravi who was committing atrocities in Metro City, the I shot the mental Ravi who was committing atrocities in Metro City, the I shot the mental Ravi who was committing atrocities in Metro City, the emotional IG emotional IG emotional IG gave me a promotion and sent me away with a gave me a promotion and sent me away with a lathi in hand, telling me to knock down all the rowdies in this bad city lathi in hand, telling me to knock down all the rowdies in this bad city lathi in hand, telling me to knock down all the rowdies in this bad city . . . Okay, okay, Okay, okay, Okay, okay, sir, how did you suddenly sir, how did you suddenly sir, how did you suddenly become an NCC master? become an NCC master? I had obtained a few C certificates while studying in college.  Oh, I went to the I had obtained a few C certificates while studying in college.  Oh, I went to the I had obtained a few C certificates while studying in college.  Oh, I went to the Nagpur camp for a 21-day training Nagpur camp for a 21-day training Nagpur camp for a 21-day training . . . I became an NCC master. I became an NCC master. I became an NCC master. How is Kavya Madam, sir? How is Kavya Madam, sir? How is Kavya Madam, sir? They're waiting for me. What's wrong, okay, maybe What's wrong, okay, maybe What's wrong, okay, maybe you've come you've come a little carefree, every song a little carefree, every song Wait, put on your jacket and Wait, put on your jacket and Wait, put on your jacket and come straight to me. If you go and come straight to me. If you go and come straight to me. If you go and kiss me, I won't be able to kiss me, I won't be able to kiss me, I won't be able to sleep for a month. Hey, come sleep for a month. Hey, come sleep for a month. Hey, come down. Where did this guy go? down. Where did this guy go? down. Where did this guy go? Hey, Hey, Hey, what's up, we're what's up, we're what's up, we're leaving for town.  That's why I leaving for town.  That's why I came to see you and tell you. came to see you and tell you. came to see you and tell you. Oh my God, I have bought the problem by bargaining. Oh my God, I have bought the problem by bargaining. Oh my God, I have bought the problem by bargaining. My heavenly My heavenly My heavenly Father, who is in the heavenly realm, please forgive me for Father, who is in the heavenly realm, please forgive me for Father, who is in the heavenly realm, please forgive me for all the sins I have committed, knowingly or unknowingly, knowingly or unknowingly. Oh Lord, please forgive me for calling the all the sins I have committed, knowingly or unknowingly, knowingly or unknowingly. Oh Lord, please forgive me for calling the future NCC's wife an Arabian future NCC's wife an Arabian future NCC's wife an Arabian horse. horse. horse. Oh Oh Oh Lord, please forgive me, please forgive me, please forgive me, please forgive me, please forgive me, please forgive me, please forgive me, please forgive me, please forgive me, no matter Lord, please forgive me, please forgive me, please forgive me, please forgive me, please forgive me, please forgive me, please forgive me, please forgive me, please forgive me, no matter how much I pull the pants, he is how much I pull the pants, he is how much I pull the pants, he is not the one.  Who is Meesa?   I'm going out on an not the one.  Who is Meesa?   I'm going out on an not the one.  Who is Meesa?   I'm going out on an important matter. important matter. important matter. There's a parade for the cows in the morning.   I am There's a parade for the cows in the morning.   I am There's a parade for the cows in the morning.   I am ordering dinner at the Brindavan Hotel ordering dinner at the Brindavan Hotel ordering dinner at the Brindavan Hotel . . . Okay, sir. Okay, sir. Okay, sir. Hey, Hey, ask where she went during school hours. ask where she went during school hours. ask where she went during school hours. Hey Satya, where are you going?   I wo Hey Satya, where are you going?   I wo Hey Satya, where are you going?   I wo n't tell.   You'll n't tell.   You'll n't tell.   You'll be told the eight o'clock news without me saying anything. be told the eight o'clock news without me saying anything. be told the eight o'clock news without me saying anything. Sir, tell me, I'm asking. Sir, tell me, I'm asking. Sir, tell me, I'm asking. I left school.  If I left school.  If I left school.  If you want a DC, I'll write it down and give it to you. you want a DC, I'll write it down and give it to you. you want a DC, I'll write it down and give it to you. Hey, why?   The Hey, why?   The NCC master told me not to fall in love with a student teacher.  I'm NCC master told me not to fall in love with a student teacher.  I'm NCC master told me not to fall in love with a student teacher.  I'm no longer a student, so I can love freely. no longer a student, so I can love freely. no longer a student, so I can love freely. But who is the one I love now? But who is the one I love now? But who is the one I love now? Our NCC master. Our NCC master. Our NCC master. What can I say? What can I say? What can I say? Today, February 14th, I wish you a happy birthday Today, February 14th, I wish you a happy birthday Today, February 14th, I wish you a happy birthday .  Happy .  Happy .  Happy Valentine's Day. Leave it, sir.  It's normal to get fat with age and to Leave it, sir.  It's normal to get fat with age and to Leave it, sir.  It's normal to get fat with age and to get diabetes in old age. get diabetes in old age. get diabetes in old age. Why Bucky? Why Bucky? Why Bucky? No, sir, I'm done advising you to come here and not pull the trigger like a civil case, but rather No, sir, I'm done advising you to come here and not pull the trigger like a civil case, but rather No, sir, I'm done advising you to come here and not pull the trigger like a civil case, but rather like a box case like a box case .  Don't .  Don't .  Don't make the wrong decision just because you're being criticized.   You have to make the wrong decision just because you're being criticized.   You have to make the wrong decision just because you're being criticized.   You have to hunt patiently.   Don't tell hunt patiently.   Don't tell hunt patiently.   Don't tell anyone about this. anyone about this. anyone about this. Okay, sir. Okay, sir. Okay, sir. Happy Valentine's Day, who said Happy Valentine's Day? who said Happy Valentine's Day? who said Happy Valentine's Day? Oh, teacher, I'm not going to put you down, teacher. Oh, teacher, I'm not going to put you down, teacher. Oh, teacher, I'm not going to put you down, teacher. You know you are a family file. You know you are a family file. I know you're married and have three husbands.  Oh, I I know you're married and have three husbands.  Oh, I I know you're married and have three husbands.  Oh, I know you have three children.  If you know you have three children.  If you know you have three children.  If you go and plant a rose on me, the go and plant a rose on me, the go and plant a rose on me, the Almighty Father, who is in the heavenly realm, knowingly and unknowingly   Is Almighty Father, who is in the heavenly realm, knowingly and unknowingly   Is he still hungry?  No, he still hungry?  No, he still hungry?  No, repeat to our station, sir. repeat to our station, sir. repeat to our station, sir. You will get ten bunny rabbits in Karima. You will get ten bunny rabbits in Karima. You will get ten bunny rabbits in Karima. You will get 10 puppies. You will get 10 puppies. You will get 10 puppies. You can even get eight baby donkeys.  Ca You can even get eight baby donkeys.  Ca You can even get eight baby donkeys.  Ca n't you find a bison calf like this?  All these people will be n't you find a bison calf like this?  All these people will be n't you find a bison calf like this?  All these people will be gone by the time they show up.  Come and gone by the time they show up.  Come and gone by the time they show up.  Come and feed them in time. feed them in time. feed them in time. Don't know the rules and regulations.  But Don't know the rules and regulations.  But Don't know the rules and regulations.  But I think I should be careful not to make a mistake.  Honest I think I should be careful not to make a mistake.  Honest I think I should be careful not to make a mistake.  Honest officer.  Tell them to come. officer.  Tell them to come. officer.  Tell them to come. Okay, sir, he's calling. Okay, sir, he's calling. Okay, sir, he's calling. Sir, you left the police to make mistakes Sir, you left the police to make mistakes Sir, you left the police to make mistakes .  Are you giving interviews to school students without paying attention to the work you came for? .  Are you giving interviews to school students without paying attention to the work you came for? What is your idea, sir?   Whether they knew What is your idea, sir?   Whether they knew What is your idea, sir?   Whether they knew it or not, they had to it or not, they had to it or not, they had to charge it before the observation was complete charge it before the observation was complete charge it before the observation was complete . . . They must be watching Payalangana closely. They must be watching Payalangana closely. They must be watching Payalangana closely. This is the only way to convince them.  Kareem is also here This is the only way to convince them.  Kareem is also here This is the only way to convince them.  Kareem is also here . . . S sir. S sir. S sir. Karim Bhai, what are you doing, keeping your lips closed and your eyes closed Karim Bhai, what are you doing, keeping your lips closed and your eyes closed Karim Bhai, what are you doing, keeping your lips closed and your eyes closed ? ? ? No superior has ever No superior has ever No superior has ever respected me this much. respected me this much. respected me this much. But what's the point of this? He's telling me all his plans But what's the point of this? He's telling me all his plans But what's the point of this? He's telling me all his plans in front of me.  I would do in front of me.  I would do in front of me.  I would do anything for this person.  "Shut up, anything for this person.  "Shut up, anything for this person.  "Shut up, sir, what's the problem?" "He was dressed up as a sir, what's the problem?" "He was dressed up as a sir, what's the problem?" "He was dressed up as a drunkard and was drunkard and was drunkard and was smoking," "Sir, we smoking," "Sir, we smoking," "Sir, we came drunk." came drunk." came drunk." Hey, who is that? Hey, who is that? Hey, sir, you hit me back, Hey, sir, you hit me back, sir. sir. sir. You're dressed well, You're dressed well, You're dressed well, how did you get this right? how did you get this right? how did you get this right? Who?  This guy is a jerk. Who?  This guy is a jerk. Who?  This guy is a jerk. Everyone is shouting that good times are coming, good Everyone is shouting that good times are coming, good Everyone is shouting that good times are coming, good times are coming.  I shouted that I times are coming.  I shouted that I times are coming.  I shouted that I should be a little different, that should be a little different, that should be a little different, that Rahu's time is running out, that evening Rahu's time is running out, that evening Rahu's time is running out, that evening is running out. is running out. is running out. They were suspicious of that, sir. They were suspicious of that, sir. They were suspicious of that, sir. Leave our fear behind and Leave our fear behind and Leave our fear behind and go home. go home. The people who were mad at me for showing me help were trying to figure out what to do with the rusty Aruval The people who were mad at me for showing me help were trying to figure out what to do with the rusty Aruval .  For 10 days, I have been living in fear, either on the steps of the Panimaya Mata temple, .  For 10 days, I have been living in fear, either on the steps of the Panimaya Mata temple, .  For 10 days, I have been living in fear, either on the steps of the Panimaya Mata temple, under a milk crate, or from being bitten by a stray dog under a milk crate, or from being bitten by a stray dog .  Tell me a .  Tell me a .  Tell me a good place to stay. good place to stay. good place to stay. You won't get a Thoothukudi town set.  You You won't get a Thoothukudi town set.  You You won't get a Thoothukudi town set.  You leave for our town.  I'll tell my sister to leave for our town.  I'll tell my sister to leave for our town.  I'll tell my sister to take care of me.  The village is take care of me.  The village is take care of me.  The village is okay for you. okay for you. okay for you. Three servings of rice and two servings of beer are Three servings of rice and two servings of beer are Three servings of rice and two servings of beer are fine for this guy, sir. fine for this guy, sir. fine for this guy, sir. Hey, Hey, Hey, sir, I told you to sir, I told you to stay at school for a week before getting paid.  Sir, stay at school for a week before getting paid.  Sir, stay at school for a week before getting paid.  Sir, one important thing is, one important thing is, can the armed police give me a bus for the week I'm staying? can the armed police give me a bus for the week I'm staying? Don't be on my side, sir. I'll handle it like a hawk Don't be on my side, sir. I'll handle it like a hawk Don't be on my side, sir. I'll handle it like a hawk . . . Hello sir, Hello sir, Hello sir, hello sir.  Hello, sir.  What's wrong with you, hello sir.  Hello, sir.  What's wrong with you, hello sir.  Hello, sir.  What's wrong with you, you're holding a grudge against your stomach. you're holding a grudge against your stomach. you're holding a grudge against your stomach. Get a horse.  Good times are Get a horse.  Good times are Get a horse.  Good times are passing by, good times are passing by, Jai passing by, good times are passing by, Jai passing by, good times are passing by, Jai Jakkama, stay at home, stay safe Jakkama, stay at home, stay safe Oh, Oh, Oh, that adopted child, a pearl child, has that adopted child, a pearl child, has that adopted child, a pearl child, has come to your house to bring fruit, and you should come to your house to bring fruit, and you should raise it like a parrot.  Al Pillaya should be raise it like a parrot.  Al Pillaya should be raise it like a parrot.  Al Pillaya should be remembered and respected.  Don't step on the little girl, remembered and respected.  Don't step on the little girl, remembered and respected.  Don't step on the little girl, mother.   If you call me a mother.   If you call me a mother.   If you call me a child, child, child, will I be a child of Varvan Saiva? will I be a child of Varvan Saiva? will I be a child of Varvan Saiva? Mother, if that child eats four servings of meat and rice, Mother, if that child eats four servings of meat and rice, Mother, if that child eats four servings of meat and rice, three servings of fish and rice, and an egg, it three servings of fish and rice, and an egg, it three servings of fish and rice, and an egg, it will cost four rupees. will cost four rupees. Don't make him sit in the corner with a stuffed egg, mother.  If Don't make him sit in the corner with a stuffed egg, mother.  If you had considered him as a stepchild and not as a son of your stepmother, mother, Kajalakshmi would have come to your you had considered him as a stepchild and not as a son of your stepmother, mother, Kajalakshmi would have come to your you had considered him as a stepchild and not as a son of your stepmother, mother, Kajalakshmi would have come to your house and danced in the Kengam style. house and danced in the Kengam style. house and danced in the Kengam style. Mother, dance in the style of a kengam. Mother, dance in the style of a kengam. Mother, dance in the style of a kengam. That brother has arrived, brother, That brother has arrived, brother, I know you are a fool. [Laughter] Mom, isn't Susai home? The one who caused the chaos in the first place is this guy Mom, isn't Susai home? The one who caused the chaos in the first place is this guy Mom, isn't Susai home? The one who caused the chaos in the first place is this guy . . . What a thought, they What a thought, they What a thought, they changed their disguise and came without destroying the package changed their disguise and came without destroying the package changed their disguise and came without destroying the package . . . Hey, why did you take the Aarti and go off? There's Hey, why did you take the Aarti and go off? There's Hey, why did you take the Aarti and go off? There's still one more round left. still one more round left. still one more round left. Ekka, clean, Ekka, clean, Ekka, clean, clean, oh, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, I'm telling the truth.  I'm telling the truth. I'm telling the truth.  I'm telling the truth. My son, who has put on this disguise, is a minister, and we wish him a three-year-old curry.  Wo My son, who has put on this disguise, is a minister, and we wish him a three-year-old curry.  Wo My son, who has put on this disguise, is a minister, and we wish him a three-year-old curry.  Wo n't we treat you like our own child? n't we treat you like our own child? n't we treat you like our own child? I was emotional.  Eka Nilluka, I was emotional.  Eka Nilluka, I was emotional.  Eka Nilluka, what's wrong with your husband? If he goes to the store in the morning, he'll come back at what's wrong with your husband? If he goes to the store in the morning, he'll come back at what's wrong with your husband? If he goes to the store in the morning, he'll come back at 12 midnight. 12 midnight. 12 midnight. But But But how can you say it so correctly? If how can you say it so correctly? If how can you say it so correctly? If the guest is doing this work, the guest is doing this work, the guest is doing this work, what kind of work is the housekeeper doing? what kind of work is the housekeeper doing? what kind of work is the housekeeper doing? Hey, this is the Punnakayal Coast area. this is the Punnakayal Coast area. this is the Punnakayal Coast area. This is where the people of Payot often come and This is where the people of Payot often come and This is where the people of Payot often come and go.  Hey, go.  Hey, go.  Hey, why are you here? why are you here? why are you here? I haven't been able to see you for a while, I haven't been able to see you for a while, I haven't been able to see you for a while, that's why that's why that's why Satya is Satya is Satya is not here, my chain is with you. not here, my chain is with you. not here, my chain is with you. I came to buy it and go. I came to buy it and go. I came to buy it and go. Why is Chain acting like this? Get out of here, Get out of here, Get out of here, sir. sir. sir. I think there's some kind of chain link between Chain and you. I think there's some kind of chain link between Chain and you. I think there's some kind of chain link between Chain and you. What? What? What? Kavia Madam first Kavia Madam first Kavia Madam first came to see you after seeing you. came to see you after seeing you. Do you also wear them on the side like a nightgown?  No, Do you also wear them on the side like a nightgown?  No, Do you also wear them on the side like a nightgown?  No, you asked me to mix it with banana. you asked me to mix it with banana. you asked me to mix it with banana. Okay, so that's Okay, so that's Okay, so that's where love starts.  Love where love starts.  Love where love starts.  Love has been cut here. has been cut here. has been cut here. Why Bucky?   It looks Why Bucky?   It looks Why Bucky?   It looks like Bucky taught me at school. like Bucky taught me at school. like Bucky taught me at school. Mom, look over there. Is that girl there? If Mom, look over there. Is that girl there? If Mom, look over there. Is that girl there? If I told Mom, you I told Mom, you I told Mom, you wouldn't believe me. Did you see her today? Sir, she's coming down wouldn't believe me. Did you see her today? Sir, she's coming down wouldn't believe me. Did you see her today? Sir, she's coming down from the house. What's happening here? What's happening here from the house. What's happening here? What's happening here from the house. What's happening here? What's happening here ? Hey Kavya, where did you come from? ? Hey Kavya, where did you come from? ? Hey Kavya, where did you come from? Who is that girl and why is she here Who is that girl and why is she here Who is that girl and why is she here ? ? ? Which girl?   Did Which girl?   Did you see someone coming and going in a dress? you see someone coming and going in a dress? you see someone coming and going in a dress? She's my She's my She's my student. Are you working in the bathroom [music] student. Are you working in the bathroom [music] student. Are you working in the bathroom [music] or or or are you taking tuitions at home?   I'm crying and need to go to are you taking tuitions at home?   I'm crying and need to go to are you taking tuitions at home?   I'm crying and need to go to the bathroom. Can you help me? the bathroom. Can you help me? Okay, sir.  That girl's chain was with Mr.  I Okay, sir.  That girl's chain was with Mr.  I came to buy it back and that's it. came to buy it back and that's it. came to buy it back and that's it. How did that chain come to you?   As soon How did that chain come to you?   As soon How did that chain come to you?   As soon as I started, it as I started, it as I started, it called me, "Oh, you're my cover, sir, are you a schoolboy?" It said, "I'm going to buy you a wedding song."  Sir, he called me, "Oh, you're my cover, sir, are you a schoolboy?" It said, "I'm going to buy you a wedding song."  Sir, he called me, "Oh, you're my cover, sir, are you a schoolboy?" It said, "I'm going to buy you a wedding song."  Sir, he went to the concert. went to the concert. went to the concert. Why should you go if she called him to watch it? Why should you go if she called him to watch it? Why should you go if she called him to watch it? Someone kidnapped that girl and got a phone call Someone kidnapped that girl and got a phone call Someone kidnapped that girl and got a phone call .  Sir, .  Sir, .  Sir, he went to save me.   The he went to save me.   The he went to save me.   The police have to go to protect us. police have to go to protect us. police have to go to protect us. Then why Then why Then why did you go to Vathiyar? did you go to Vathiyar? did you go to Vathiyar? Hello, madam. Hello, madam. Hello, madam. Why are you talking incessantly Why are you talking incessantly Why are you talking incessantly ?  It was a love matter, and I just blew it without ?  It was a love matter, and I just blew it without ?  It was a love matter, and I just blew it without asking for help. asking for help. asking for help. Sir, can you tell me something different from the beginning Sir, can you tell me something different from the beginning Sir, can you tell me something different from the beginning ? ? ? Go outside first.  Haas, I'm going to ask Go outside first.  Haas, I'm going to ask Go outside first.  Haas, I'm going to ask Ravi sir if he's at home. I've got a Ravi sir if he's at home. I've got a Ravi sir if he's at home. I've got a curry pot, sandalwood, saffron, and curry pot, sandalwood, saffron, and curry pot, sandalwood, saffron, and everything, and I've decorated it nicely everything, and I've decorated it nicely everything, and I've decorated it nicely . . . Otherwise, Otherwise, Otherwise, I would have told you before, who are you? I would have told you before, who are you? I would have told you before, who are you? You are the You are the You are the son of Soundara Pandi, son of Soundara Pandi, son of Soundara Pandi, Durasingam. He has a son, that is, a son who was born to him, Durasingam. He has a son, that is, a son who was born to him, Durasingam. He has a son, that is, a son who was born to him, this is his adopted son, and he is a black this is his adopted son, and he is a black this is his adopted son, and he is a black man.   Did man.   Did man.   Did you read this somewhere? you read this somewhere? you read this somewhere? Why are you looking for him? Why are you looking for him? Why are you looking for him? He should be cut.   Can He should be cut.   Can I see a little of the lucky girl who is going to cut the cake? I see a little of the lucky girl who is going to cut the cake? I see a little of the lucky girl who is going to cut the cake? Who can be a cow? Who can be a cow? Where did the man who sent us help, see this darling? Where did the man who sent us help, see this darling? Tell me a little before you kill me, brother. Tell me a little before you kill me, brother. Tell me a little before you kill me, brother. Kazemia Samaliatho Amala Paul's Kazemia Samaliatho Amala Paul's Kazemia Samaliatho Amala Paul's film Maina I Am Coming From China.  Check, check, check, check, check, film Maina I Am Coming From China.  Check, check, check, check, check, brother, this man is not possible, this is not possible, somehow, what are you going to kill? somehow, what are you going to kill? somehow, what are you going to kill? Before killing, let's pray just once. Before killing, let's pray just once. The Supreme Father, who is not in the world, is making The Supreme Father, who is not in the world, is making The Supreme Father, who is not in the world, is making some kind of plan like Vishwaroopam Kamal. some kind of plan like Vishwaroopam Kamal. some kind of plan like Vishwaroopam Kamal. He is going to sleep after him. Who did you think [music]? sleep after him. Who did you think [music]? sleep after him. Who did you think [music]? What made you laugh? A form that What made you laugh? A form that What made you laugh? A form that explodes when a seed is broken. He explodes when a seed is broken. He explodes when a seed is broken. He was born to fire [music] He was born to fire [music] He was born to fire [music] He grew up day by day. When work comes, his grew up day by day. When work comes, his grew up day by day. When work comes, his self self self [music] comes out. Life is leaving. Hey Susan, help is dead. Hey Susan, help is dead. Hey Susan, help is dead. What is it?  Is Sakhayam dead? What is it?  Is Sakhayam dead? What is it?  Is Sakhayam dead? Hey Susan, let's go Hey Susan, let's go Hey Susan, let's go peel a coconut. peel a coconut. peel a coconut. A thresher mob sees a coconut and A thresher mob sees a coconut and A thresher mob sees a coconut and calls out to you, " Go inside, go inside, come Go inside, go inside, come Go inside, go inside, come out with help, I'll out with help, I'll out with help, I'll cut off your hand today and give our government a slap in the face cut off your hand today and give our government a slap in the face cut off your hand today and give our government a slap in the face ."  You are not a human being, but ."  You are not a human being, but ."  You are not a human being, but I will cut this fish, I will cut the tree, I will cut this fish, I will cut the tree, I will cut this fish, I will cut the tree, I will cut the coconut, I will cut the hair of the sleeping person, I will cut the soil, I will cut the old woman, I I will cut the coconut, I will cut the hair of the sleeping person, I will cut the soil, I will cut the old woman, I will cut the tire, I will cut the current, the current will cut the tire, I will cut the current, the current will cut the tire, I will cut the current, the current will cut the rope. will cut the rope. will cut the rope. There is no electricity in our village, so There is no electricity in our village, so There is no electricity in our village, so how can I even make a sack? Now how can I even make a sack? Now how can I even make a sack? Now she is the only one who cuts three pieces, and for each she is the only one who cuts three pieces, and for each she is the only one who cuts three pieces, and for each cut, she gets two pieces.   He had a cut, she gets two pieces.   He had a cut, she gets two pieces.   He had a piece of cloth around his neck when he was cutting piece of cloth around his neck when he was cutting piece of cloth around his neck when he was cutting .  That's all three pieces. Now .  That's all three pieces. Now .  That's all three pieces. Now I have deposited everything in a dangerous deposit and am I have deposited everything in a dangerous deposit and am I have deposited everything in a dangerous deposit and am getting a lot of interest. getting a lot of interest. getting a lot of interest. Who is this poor woman who is getting help? Who is this poor woman who is getting help? Who is this poor woman who is getting help? What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? Oh, the police are going to hang you, the Oh, the police are going to hang you, the Oh, the police are going to hang you, the police are going to hurt you, the police are going to hurt you, the police are going to hurt you, the police are going to pay for your crime. police are going to pay for your crime. Look at the fluffy dialogue from the ginger account. Look at the fluffy dialogue from the ginger account. Look at the fluffy dialogue from the ginger account. You betrayed our father and made our You betrayed our father and made our You betrayed our father and made our mother a widow. I won't let mother a widow. I won't let mother a widow. I won't let you go.   Run, run you go.   Run, run you go.   Run, run