We're out here today using G-Ratt's new We're out here today using G-Ratt's new We're out here today using G-Ratt's new Magnum Q Bomb. Magnum Q Bomb. Magnum Q Bomb. If you guys are into throwing urchin If you guys are into throwing urchin If you guys are into throwing urchin baits, [music] baits, [music] baits, [music] this might be a good video for you to this might be a good video for you to this might be a good video for you to watch. Oh, it's a giant. Oh, that's a giant. Oh, it's a giant. Oh, that's a giant. Oh, it's a giant. Oh, that's a giant. That's a giant. That's a giant. That's a giant. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> On the G-Ratt Magnum Q Bomb. >> On the G-Ratt Magnum Q Bomb. >> On the G-Ratt Magnum Q Bomb. Come here. Come on, you got >> [music] >> Oh. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Pop >> Pop >> Pop is gone, boys and girls. >> [music] >> So, I'm excited to be showing you guys >> So, I'm excited to be showing you guys >> So, I'm excited to be showing you guys G-Ratt's new Magnum Q Bomb today. G-Ratt's new Magnum Q Bomb today. G-Ratt's new Magnum Q Bomb today. If you guys like throwing urchin baits, If you guys like throwing urchin baits, If you guys like throwing urchin baits, you guys like throwing really big baits you guys like throwing really big baits you guys like throwing really big baits for big bass, you're going to want to for big bass, you're going to want to for big bass, you're going to want to check out G-Ratt's Magnum Q Bomb. check out G-Ratt's Magnum Q Bomb. check out G-Ratt's Magnum Q Bomb. We're out here on the water today with We're out here on the water today with We're out here on the water today with it. Let's go see if we can catch some it. Let's go see if we can catch some it. Let's go see if we can catch some big bass, and at the end of this video, big bass, and at the end of this video, big bass, and at the end of this video, I'm going to include I'm going to include I'm going to include a little video that I shot in my garage a little video that I shot in my garage a little video that I shot in my garage of how I make of how I make of how I make my my my urchin hooks. That's right. urchin hooks. That's right. urchin hooks. That's right. I make them out of a frog hook. There's I make them out of a frog hook. There's I make them out of a frog hook. There's a nail weight in there. a nail weight in there. a nail weight in there. And how I get it all together and how I And how I get it all together and how I And how I get it all together and how I make it. make it. make it. So you guys stay tuned to the video. So you guys stay tuned to the video. So you guys stay tuned to the video. We're going to fish for a little bit. We're going to fish for a little bit. We're going to fish for a little bit. We're going to talk about the G-Crak We're going to talk about the G-Crak We're going to talk about the G-Crak Magnum Q Bomb. And then at the end of Magnum Q Bomb. And then at the end of Magnum Q Bomb. And then at the end of the video, the video, the video, a little bit of bonus footage, how to a little bit of bonus footage, how to a little bit of bonus footage, how to make make make the urchin hook that I use the urchin hook that I use the urchin hook that I use on these larger on these larger on these larger urchin style baits. urchin style baits. urchin style baits. So you guys stay tuned. So you guys stay tuned. So you guys stay tuned. Q Bombs, they cast like an absolute Q Bombs, they cast like an absolute Q Bombs, they cast like an absolute dream. Got one. Got one. Got one. First cast. It's a nice one, guys. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, there we go. On the G-Crak Magnum Q Bomb, boys. On the G-Crak Magnum Q Bomb, boys. On the G-Crak Magnum Q Bomb, boys. First cast over a brush pile. First cast over a brush pile. First cast over a brush pile. That's on That's on That's on that frog hook that I make myself. that frog hook that I make myself. that frog hook that I make myself. Well, I don't make the hook, but that's Well, I don't make the hook, but that's Well, I don't make the hook, but that's how I rig it up. how I rig it up. how I rig it up. And it works really well because the And it works really well because the And it works really well because the bait slides up the line bait slides up the line bait slides up the line and the frog hooks just stay pinned in and the frog hooks just stay pinned in and the frog hooks just stay pinned in the fish's mouth. the fish's mouth. the fish's mouth. Black and blue tipped Black and blue tipped Black and blue tipped G-Crak Mag Q Bomb. This is what I'm talking about. This is what I'm talking about. This is what I'm talking about. Get her back in the water. There she goes. There she goes. There she goes. All right. All right. All right. Simply just slide our bait back onto the Simply just slide our bait back onto the Simply just slide our bait back onto the frog hook here. Like so. All right, guys. Well, let's talk about All right, guys. Well, let's talk about All right, guys. Well, let's talk about the G-ratt the G-ratt the G-ratt Magnum Q-Bomb. Magnum Q-Bomb. Magnum Q-Bomb. I've been fortunate enough to have my I've been fortunate enough to have my I've been fortunate enough to have my hands on a few of these over the last hands on a few of these over the last hands on a few of these over the last couple of months before the official couple of months before the official couple of months before the official release date. release date. release date. And guys, I got to tell you, I'm nothing And guys, I got to tell you, I'm nothing And guys, I got to tell you, I'm nothing but impressed with this bait. I've but impressed with this bait. I've but impressed with this bait. I've caught a ton of giant fish on Lake Toho caught a ton of giant fish on Lake Toho caught a ton of giant fish on Lake Toho with it. with it. with it. It's probably because of the size. This It's probably because of the size. This It's probably because of the size. This is a big bait, guys. is a big bait, guys. is a big bait, guys. The diameter of the ball itself is 1 and The diameter of the ball itself is 1 and The diameter of the ball itself is 1 and 1/2 in, so you're right at 30 mm. 1/2 in, so you're right at 30 mm. 1/2 in, so you're right at 30 mm. The overall diameter of the outside of The overall diameter of the outside of The overall diameter of the outside of this thing is 130 mm. This thing in the water This thing in the water This thing in the water attracts a lot of fish. You get a lot of attracts a lot of fish. You get a lot of attracts a lot of fish. You get a lot of followers. followers. followers. And you catch a lot of bigger fish on And you catch a lot of bigger fish on And you catch a lot of bigger fish on this bait. My favorite things about this this bait. My favorite things about this this bait. My favorite things about this bait is the construction. bait is the construction. bait is the construction. It's made out of really thick TPE It's made out of really thick TPE It's made out of really thick TPE elastomer material, elastomer material, elastomer material, which allows it to be very tough and which allows it to be very tough and which allows it to be very tough and resilient to damage. It also allows me resilient to damage. It also allows me resilient to damage. It also allows me to throw a big hook in there. And you to throw a big hook in there. And you to throw a big hook in there. And you guys saw the one that I caught. guys saw the one that I caught. guys saw the one that I caught. The bait slid up the line like it's The bait slid up the line like it's The bait slid up the line like it's supposed to, supposed to, supposed to, where I only had just my hook stuck in where I only had just my hook stuck in where I only had just my hook stuck in that fish. that fish. that fish. Now, I throw frog hooks on this Now, I throw frog hooks on this Now, I throw frog hooks on this that I customize. that I customize. that I customize. That footage is at the end of this video That footage is at the end of this video That footage is at the end of this video on how to make the urchin style bait on how to make the urchin style bait on how to make the urchin style bait hook that I use. hook that I use. hook that I use. I like to throw these baits I like to throw these baits I like to throw these baits around brush piles. around brush piles. around brush piles. The problem with using a large treble The problem with using a large treble The problem with using a large treble hook on an urchin style bait around hook on an urchin style bait around hook on an urchin style bait around brush piles is sometimes some days brush piles is sometimes some days brush piles is sometimes some days you've got to get your bait in and you've got to get your bait in and you've got to get your bait in and around the pile. around the pile. around the pile. The fish aren't as willing to come out The fish aren't as willing to come out The fish aren't as willing to come out for it. And when that happens, a lot of for it. And when that happens, a lot of for it. And when that happens, a lot of times you get hung up times you get hung up times you get hung up and we don't always get them back. and we don't always get them back. and we don't always get them back. To go with a different hooking method, To go with a different hooking method, To go with a different hooking method, which is using which is using which is using large frog hooks that I customize with a large frog hooks that I customize with a large frog hooks that I customize with a nail weight as well as some tough heat nail weight as well as some tough heat nail weight as well as some tough heat shrink type material. shrink type material. shrink type material. Hook up ratios are better Hook up ratios are better Hook up ratios are better and I'm able to use heavier duty gear. and I'm able to use heavier duty gear. and I'm able to use heavier duty gear. Like you guys saw in the video, I'm Like you guys saw in the video, I'm Like you guys saw in the video, I'm throwing these baits on a 7-3 medium throwing these baits on a 7-3 medium throwing these baits on a 7-3 medium heavy Fitzgerald rod, heavy Fitzgerald rod, heavy Fitzgerald rod, 20-lb fluorocarbon line, 20-lb fluorocarbon line, 20-lb fluorocarbon line, and a 8:1 gear ratio reel. When it comes and a 8:1 gear ratio reel. When it comes and a 8:1 gear ratio reel. When it comes to dealing with larger fish, to dealing with larger fish, to dealing with larger fish, bigger Florida strain bass, sometimes bigger Florida strain bass, sometimes bigger Florida strain bass, sometimes finesse is not the best approach if you finesse is not the best approach if you finesse is not the best approach if you have hopes of getting them back to the have hopes of getting them back to the have hopes of getting them back to the boat. And I do not like the treble hook boat. And I do not like the treble hook boat. And I do not like the treble hook method. method. method. The treble hook method on baits The treble hook method on baits The treble hook method on baits seems to lose a lot of fish. So, I like seems to lose a lot of fish. So, I like seems to lose a lot of fish. So, I like going going going with frog hooks. with frog hooks. with frog hooks. Same thing. This is G-Crack Magnum Same thing. This is G-Crack Magnum Same thing. This is G-Crack Magnum Q-Bomb, different color. Q-Bomb, different color. Q-Bomb, different color. Both of these colors are in their tipped Both of these colors are in their tipped Both of these colors are in their tipped color patterns. This is a green pumpkin color patterns. This is a green pumpkin color patterns. This is a green pumpkin chartreuse tip. chartreuse tip. chartreuse tip. And I really like the way G-Crack has And I really like the way G-Crack has And I really like the way G-Crack has came up with a little bit more of an came up with a little bit more of an came up with a little bit more of an innovative design innovative design innovative design as opposed to just having as opposed to just having as opposed to just having a bunch of tentacles on there. a bunch of tentacles on there. a bunch of tentacles on there. What it is is it's actually flat pieces What it is is it's actually flat pieces What it is is it's actually flat pieces of silicone material that passes through of silicone material that passes through of silicone material that passes through the body. And they always And they always And they always stay upright. They're always They never stay upright. They're always They never stay upright. They're always They never get deformed. get deformed. get deformed. You know, other urchin style baits, if You know, other urchin style baits, if You know, other urchin style baits, if you've used any of them, guys, and I'm you've used any of them, guys, and I'm you've used any of them, guys, and I'm assuming if you're watching this video, assuming if you're watching this video, assuming if you're watching this video, it's because it's because it's because maybe you are maybe you are maybe you are an urchin bait lover. an urchin bait lover. an urchin bait lover. The way that G-Crack has manufactured The way that G-Crack has manufactured The way that G-Crack has manufactured this bait this bait this bait with the use of the silicone skirt with the use of the silicone skirt with the use of the silicone skirt material that passes through the body, material that passes through the body, material that passes through the body, the legs never come They never become the legs never come They never become the legs never come They never become deformed. deformed. deformed. Other urchin-style baits, after a while, Other urchin-style baits, after a while, Other urchin-style baits, after a while, the tentacles begin to get this like the tentacles begin to get this like the tentacles begin to get this like droop to them, especially if you don't droop to them, especially if you don't droop to them, especially if you don't store them right. Because of the way G Crack manufactures Because of the way G Crack manufactures Because of the way G Crack manufactures the Magnum Cubomb, storage is no longer the Magnum Cubomb, storage is no longer the Magnum Cubomb, storage is no longer an issue. You can throw these baits into an issue. You can throw these baits into an issue. You can throw these baits into a bag a bag a bag with other baits and they don't become deformed. and they don't become deformed. and they don't become deformed. Noth- It just doesn't seem to mess them Noth- It just doesn't seem to mess them Noth- It just doesn't seem to mess them up. This is out of the bag. They've been up. This is out of the bag. They've been up. This is out of the bag. They've been in the front box in the front box in the front box and they come out and they come out and they come out the way they're supposed to. Really cool color here. I think this is Really cool color here. I think this is Really cool color here. I think this is bluegill orange tip. bluegill orange tip. bluegill orange tip. The size of the nail weight, The size of the nail weight, The size of the nail weight, you can alter versus how deep you're you can alter versus how deep you're you can alter versus how deep you're fishing. fishing. fishing. Because we're in Central Florida and we Because we're in Central Florida and we Because we're in Central Florida and we don't fish really deep here, I go pretty don't fish really deep here, I go pretty don't fish really deep here, I go pretty light and these are actually a lead nail light and these are actually a lead nail light and these are actually a lead nail weight. weight. weight. I believe these to be a 1/16 oz. I could I believe these to be a 1/16 oz. I could I believe these to be a 1/16 oz. I could be wrong. I just kind of go based off of be wrong. I just kind of go based off of be wrong. I just kind of go based off of feel, guys. I'm not really like I don't feel, guys. I'm not really like I don't feel, guys. I'm not really like I don't get super technical about that kind of get super technical about that kind of get super technical about that kind of stuff. You know, I don't know. You just stuff. You know, I don't know. You just stuff. You know, I don't know. You just got to feel it out. got to feel it out. got to feel it out. But, that's a small lead nail weight But, that's a small lead nail weight But, that's a small lead nail weight heat shrunk into that hook. Got some heat shrunk into that hook. Got some heat shrunk into that hook. Got some footage in this video on how I make footage in this video on how I make footage in this video on how I make them. them. them. For big bass, the G Crack Magnum Cubomb, For big bass, the G Crack Magnum Cubomb, For big bass, the G Crack Magnum Cubomb, cast like a rocket, extremely buoyant, cast like a rocket, extremely buoyant, cast like a rocket, extremely buoyant, very tough and resilient to damage. You very tough and resilient to damage. You very tough and resilient to damage. You like throwing a bigger bait, you like like throwing a bigger bait, you like like throwing a bigger bait, you like targeting bigger fish, targeting bigger fish, targeting bigger fish, G Crack Magnum Cubomb. G Crack Magnum Cubomb. G Crack Magnum Cubomb. Lakeland Fishing Outfitters should have Lakeland Fishing Outfitters should have Lakeland Fishing Outfitters should have them. them. them. If they don't, they're coming soon. If they don't, they're coming soon. If they don't, they're coming soon. So, if you were in Central Florida area So, if you were in Central Florida area So, if you were in Central Florida area you want to get your hands on some you want to get your hands on some you want to get your hands on some G-Crack Magnum Q-Bombs, G-Crack Magnum Q-Bombs, G-Crack Magnum Q-Bombs, make sure you pop into Lakeland Fishing make sure you pop into Lakeland Fishing make sure you pop into Lakeland Fishing Outfitters over on Lake Parker. Outfitters over on Lake Parker. Outfitters over on Lake Parker. We'll catch you guys on the next one. We'll catch you guys on the next one. We'll catch you guys on the next one. Like I said earlier, make sure you guys Like I said earlier, make sure you guys Like I said earlier, make sure you guys stay tuned. I'm going to drop in how to stay tuned. I'm going to drop in how to stay tuned. I'm going to drop in how to make an urchin style bait hook right make an urchin style bait hook right make an urchin style bait hook right now. The first thing to do is to take now. The first thing to do is to take now. The first thing to do is to take butt splice connector, butt splice connector, butt splice connector, the weatherproof ones cuz they shrink the weatherproof ones cuz they shrink the weatherproof ones cuz they shrink and they've got like a little bit of and they've got like a little bit of and they've got like a little bit of glue in them. You can use heat shrink tubing, but that's just a heat shrink tubing, but that's just a heat shrink tubing, but that's just a little too soft. little too soft. little too soft. Weatherproof butt splice, I'm going to Weatherproof butt splice, I'm going to Weatherproof butt splice, I'm going to take pair of lineman's lineman's pliers, take pair of lineman's lineman's pliers, take pair of lineman's lineman's pliers, and I'm going to crimp that and I'm going to crimp that and I'm going to crimp that the wire crimp in the middle. the wire crimp in the middle. the wire crimp in the middle. All the way up and down that thing. There it goes. Just going to push this over the hook. Like so. Like so. Like so. The larger frog hook size, you can The larger frog hook size, you can The larger frog hook size, you can basically just use the entire butt basically just use the entire butt basically just use the entire butt connector. [music] connector. [music] connector. [music] I'm going to take my nail weight, I'm going to take my nail weight, I'm going to take my nail weight, I'm going to insert it in here. I'm going to insert it in here. I'm going to insert it in here. And the nail weight will ride ride along And the nail weight will ride ride along And the nail weight will ride ride along the top of those two hooks. the top of those two hooks. the top of those two hooks. Cuz it basically acts like a groove for Cuz it basically acts like a groove for Cuz it basically acts like a groove for it to sit on. It actually sits in there really nicely. It actually sits in there really nicely. It actually sits in there really nicely. Just like that. Just like that. Just like that. So, now I'm just going to take So, now I'm just going to take So, now I'm just going to take my lighter, my lighter, my lighter, apply a little bit of heat to this apply a little bit of heat to this apply a little bit of heat to this weatherproof butt splice. Another beautiful G-Crack Magnum Q-Bomb. They've got little [music] through holes They've got little [music] through holes They've got little [music] through holes already in them. already in them. already in them. Going to take our Going to take our Going to take our hook here that we've just made. Going to insert it through there. Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. There you have it, guys. That There you have it, guys. That There you have it, guys. That is my is my is my go-to large urchin bait go-to large urchin bait go-to large urchin bait hook. hook. hook. Super easy to make in the garage. Super easy to make in the garage. Super easy to make in the garage. Some butt splices. Some butt splices. Some butt splices. Crimp up the little metal connector Crimp up the little metal connector Crimp up the little metal connector piece in the middle so it falls out. piece in the middle so it falls out. piece in the middle so it falls out. Slide it over your hook. Slide it over your hook. Slide it over your hook. Slide your little nail weight in there. Slide your little nail weight in there. Slide your little nail weight in there. Heat it up and you're good to go. >> [music]