Hi guys Welcome to my YouTube vlog for Hi guys Welcome to my YouTube vlog for Hi guys Welcome to my YouTube vlog for today's video review of Emer flex today's video review of Emer flex today's video review of Emer flex that Emer flex that idc for 100 infrared that Emer flex that idc for 100 infrared that Emer flex that idc for 100 infrared ceramic coper 10 kg That's it You can ceramic coper 10 kg That's it You can ceramic coper 10 kg That's it You can use this ceramic teflon n use this ceramic teflon n use this ceramic teflon n I cooked corn be if it will work I cooked corn be if it will work I cooked corn be if it will work So That's our review So That's our review So That's our review its socket is two flat so you don't its socket is two flat so you don't its socket is two flat so you don't need an need an need an adapter Plug and Play That's it when adapter Plug and Play That's it when adapter Plug and Play That's it when you just plug in the power you just plug in the power you just plug in the power su Try if su Try if su Try if ceramic they say you still need ceramic they say you still need ceramic they say you still need something compatible but that's okay just something compatible but that's okay just something compatible but that's okay just turn on that function turn on that function turn on that function its power how strong is the electricity its power how strong is the electricity its power how strong is the electricity 1,800 the heat power is adjustable 1,800 the heat power is adjustable 1,800 the heat power is adjustable also included in that function As for also included in that function As for also included in that function As for the temperature so 400 the temperature so 400 the temperature so 400 Cel maung 400 to 500 Cel That's it's going to get very Cel maung 400 to 500 Cel That's it's going to get very Cel maung 400 to 500 Cel That's it's going to get very hot so be hot so be hot so be careful that Wait for it first so let's try careful that Wait for it first so let's try careful that Wait for it first so let's try first how will we know If it first how will we know If it first how will we know If it has reached that yet it has not has reached that yet it has not has reached that yet it has not been reported yet How will we know if it has reached that there is How will we know if it has reached that there is How will we know if it has reached that there is 26 CM there 50 to 500 up to 3 hours 26 CM there 50 to 500 up to 3 hours 26 CM there 50 to 500 up to 3 hours timer  You can time it. So timer  You can time it. So timer  You can time it. So you can leave it. That's it. Once you can leave it. That's it. Once you can leave it. That's it. Once you get it, it's hot. The you get it, it's hot. The you get it, it's hot. The red color will die. That means it's already at 400 Cel. So be red color will die. That means it's already at 400 Cel. So be red color will die. That means it's already at 400 Cel. So be careful. You saw that it can careful. You saw that it can careful. You saw that it can boil something. So it's boil something. So it's boil something. So it's 800 power. Temperature is 500. That's it. That's it. It's 800 power. Temperature is 500. That's it. That's it. It's very simple. Once very simple. Once you're done, you can just you're done, you can just melt it. That's it. It's simple. If melt it. That's it. It's simple. If melt it. That's it. It's simple. If you like videos like that, YouTube you like videos like that, YouTube you like videos like that, YouTube channel. Greetings.