My daughter is not sponsored by Crazy My daughter is not sponsored by Crazy My daughter is not sponsored by Crazy Art, but I bet she wishes she were Art, but I bet she wishes she were Art, but I bet she wishes she were because she's obsessed with this Minnie because she's obsessed with this Minnie because she's obsessed with this Minnie Mouse little kit, whatever. But I just Mouse little kit, whatever. But I just Mouse little kit, whatever. But I just wanted to give them a shout-out. Um, the wanted to give them a shout-out. Um, the wanted to give them a shout-out. Um, the Crazy Art Softy Dough is so much better Crazy Art Softy Dough is so much better Crazy Art Softy Dough is so much better than Play-Doh. Do you want it back? than Play-Doh. Do you want it back? than Play-Doh. Do you want it back? Sorry. She asked for that one back. Sorry. She asked for that one back. Sorry. She asked for that one back. Sorry about that. Um, but like this was Sorry about that. Um, but like this was Sorry about that. Um, but like this was a given to us by my sister. Um, do you a given to us by my sister. Um, do you a given to us by my sister. Um, do you want this one also? I can't even talk want this one also? I can't even talk want this one also? I can't even talk about it? Anyway, the moral of the story about it? Anyway, the moral of the story about it? Anyway, the moral of the story is the Softy Dough is so much easier to is the Softy Dough is so much easier to is the Softy Dough is so much easier to A, clean up than Play-Doh because it A, clean up than Play-Doh because it A, clean up than Play-Doh because it doesn't crumble. Um, and doesn't crumble. Um, and doesn't crumble. Um, and it's beautiful, honey. And B, it's it's beautiful, honey. And B, it's it's beautiful, honey. And B, it's easier to keep the colors separated. Play-Doh? Play-Doh? Play-Doh? Yeah, that was crazy, right? Let's not Yeah, that was crazy, right? Let's not Yeah, that was crazy, right? Let's not do that again, okay? do that again, okay? do that again, okay? Okay. Anyway, shout-out to Crazy Art for Okay. Anyway, shout-out to Crazy Art for Okay. Anyway, shout-out to Crazy Art for always making great stuff. Thank you, always making great stuff. Thank you, always making great stuff. Thank you, Crazy Art. Crazy Art. Crazy Art. Oh, she wants you to know that it came Oh, she wants you to know that it came Oh, she wants you to know that it came with a fork also. Should we show them with a fork also. Should we show them with a fork also. Should we show them the fork? the fork? the fork? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Okay, hold on. Okay, she doesn't want to >> Okay, hold on. Okay, she doesn't want to >> Okay, hold on. Okay, she doesn't want to give it to me. She wants you to see it, give it to me. She wants you to see it, give it to me. She wants you to see it, but she can't be on camera, so it's not but she can't be on camera, so it's not but she can't be on camera, so it's not going to happen. Anyway, this kit is going to happen. Anyway, this kit is going to happen. Anyway, this kit is great. So, thanks.