Any of you are interested in going to the mountains
? Does anyone go to the mountains?
Where did this culture of hoo hoo come from in this country? This is
not our civilization. It must have never happened in school that
this time I am playing,
you raise your hand and tell me.
How do you feel ma'am, going to the mountains? Vai
nice. Very nice. Who else would like to tell
you, sir? Who raised their hand? No no friend.
Sir, how do you feel going to the mountains?
Feels good. Feels good. Mostly, someone else please
tell me. One
gets peace. Mostly people are saying
that they get peace. It feels good, it gives peace.
These are fake people.
This is AI.
I am telling you the truth. It
feels good in the mountains as long as you are
sitting inside the car. You have to walk as soon as you get down.
My friend and I live
in Gurgaon. We decided that the
land of Gurgaon is very
flat.
Why don't we go to the mountains for adventure?
We are going
out of Gurgaon for adventure. Tell me, there is a
lack of adventure in Gurgaon.
I leave after 10:00 pm. I feel like robbing myself. There
's a vibe. There is an atmosphere in the air here. I feel like the
man is going to the other side of the road.
Why not tear the skull from the stone,
I have been playful since childhood. I have a mischievous
nature. Then people explained that
this is a crime. You cannot do this frequently.
I am not able to do what I want.
I heard that the local people in the mountains are
very pure at heart. There are very
nice people. We went to the mountains and
we were being treated rudely. Those people were
asking for money in Dharamshala, I said Dharamshala, the
name of the place is
Dharamshala, the name of the hotel where we came is Hyatt, I
stood up wrapped in a wet towel and
said tell me some place to visit, if you
ever ask for a place to visit in the mountains, they immediately start
telling me the track, go on this track, you will go
mad, if you go mad then why would I
go,
I am feeling good, I am coming back naked from there, I
enjoyed it, friend, nature is a
wonderful thing. Only one leaf is tied.
That too on the face. Has driven me
crazy.
We went to
McLeodganj and the Triun Track there is very famous. Gotta go
there
[music].
So he said go to Triun Track.
I said how is the Triune track? I
opened YouTube and it started showing that this is the Truna
track. Will you go to see it? I said now I have
seen it. I already look
crazy to you. He said,
brother listen to me. Today is my first day. The
manager said that he cannot raise his hand on anyone today.
But my request is that when you go tomorrow, please
check out and meet me once.
No, I killed you by making you fall there.
I said, you bastard
employee, please tell me some decent places to visit.
He said 8 km from here. There is a track of. Go.
Big waterfalls are flowing. The
lake is beautiful. You will enjoy it. It
is a beautiful route. Both the people left. There were
two ways to get there. An easy path, a
path to death. We looked into each other's eyes.
I said I am a man.
Why would we choose the easy way out? Our
minds are filled with
straw. We have to make full use of straw.
We are men. We will leave from here after getting it torn.
Both men started walking. For half an hour the
path was a perfect straight ride.
Our friendship went very well. They are
hugging each other. Brother, if you are there then
I am there, friend.
As soon as I started climbing the mountain, I started feeling
irritated. Brother, tell me one thing, are
you an idiot
? Why did you bring me here? Hey
brother, you had said that I will tell you anything, will you
believe it? When will you give me my ₹500? I will give it to you right now, I will give it to you
a little bit,
holding the collar, he is walking there for a while, then let us move ahead. After
calming down, we can hear the
sound of crackling coming from around. If we pay attention, it is
coming from our body itself. The collars which were
blocked for so many years have opened up today, there are
lumps in our joints,
cholesterol has increased, if someone had done a checkup at that time,
AIDS would have also been detected.
I said if this continues, we will attain martyrdom. Let's do
one thing every 1 km.
After that we will take a 4 hour nap. He
said, okay Lord. There is 1 km. He was
coming after 4 hours. There is
a hormone in our brain called
dopamine which gives a happy feeling.
Dopamine died in agony. I am
not feeling good at all now.
I love dogs very much. I was shocked to
see the dog there. So that the dog does
not bite me. He
said, brother, the dog bites. Doesn't bite.
I would have had dogs on the big mountain. The
fabricated stories died in my mind.
Finally we reached our destination.
Where it was said that there was a waterfall. There was
no waterfall there. The drains were overflowing.
Three or four from above which were gathering in the pit below.
And the people there are
running so many bastard scams. They are calling it a lake. The
pit was turned into a lake. Tell. We had come with the intention of taking a bath.
Seeing us there, the fishes came out.
That you guys do it
first. You guys are coming from a long distance. We live
here. Only
one person can take bath here at a time.
Bathe, bathe, why
are you standing? If you have the guts, then take a bath and show me. If your underwear gets
wet, tell
me. We are not expanding our family here, there is
less water. I do
n't know where the idiots go to take bath with their faces raised.
I, the shameless man, went to take a bath. It was strange
water. The stomach is wet and the back is dry.
My friend sat outside. I said come
brother, enjoy. I said no brother, you
enjoy it fully. Only you can take a bath in such a dense lake.
Where is the water? All the water
splashed out due to your weight.
You have filled the second hole. Now people will
increase tourism further. There are two lakes. Come come.
Even in that jungle where there are neither animals nor
humans, there also a man was busy selling Maggi, you will
find him in the jungle, wearing a lungi, busy
grinding spices, he does
not come out of the jungle, he knows that I should
not go out, these stupid people will come here,
feeding Maggi to humans during the day and
catching deer at night, thinking that if you want to
move ahead in life, you will have to eat Maggi,
why does the grass remain finished the
whole day. We said brother let's go back. There were
two ways to go back. An easy path, a
path to death. Humans learn from mistakes.
Animals cannot learn.
Our body was like that of humans. But
our intelligence was like that of a bull. A man's intelligence is like that
of a bull. We still did it
with the same attitude. We are men.
But this time the confidence was less
that brother, he is a man, is
n't he? My friend said, yes, yes, yes, he was unconscious, he
sat up, yes, he is a man, we will
not choose the easy path,
girls go from there, we are men, this
forest path, we will go from here,
absorbing nature inside us,
enjoying the flora and fauna, then
both of us left, my friend said,
wow, I am getting healed by nature,
nature has made all my problems disappear,
I said, brother, how is piles getting cured by nature,
I looked at the map, it was
showing us a route of 45 minutes. 45 minutes
passed while I was walking and then I saw that it was showing 55 minutes
and
what kind of route is this,
friend? Have we set out on the path to salvation
? I am educated. I don't
believe in ghosts. Until it gets dark. As soon as it gets
dark, it seems that ghosts do exist.
Look, there may or may not be a ghost.
Witches do exist.
Because the ghosts and spirits were
created from this society. Even up there, women have
suppressed us. That
witch is scolding her husband, the ghost, to
sit quietly. I am crazy. She has been
applying nail polish on her left foot for half an hour.
It is not that you help me take out your teeth and then you
sit
quietly. The human mind is so [ __ ] up.
Look at how many nonsense things we talk during the day
which have no sense and as soon as it is night, we
automatically start talking about ghosts and spirits
that if it is ruined then it will not reduce to anything.
During the day we keep talking about the same things
that brother, after eating the food here I remembered my mother,
she also used to cook very badly, I
mean she loved me a lot but I was not able to cook the food
and as soon as it is night, our conversation becomes like this,
brother, do you know that there used to be a witch in my village.
Whenever my grandfather would go out, the
witch would follow him and
call him by his name, Grandfather.
Grandfather's name was Grandfather. And as
soon as grandfather turned around, he
sang the witch disappeared witch. I don't understand whether the witch is scaring me or is scared.
Get rid of me witch.
Tell me about Grandpa. Tell me what kind of face did your
grandfather have?
Seeing which the witch is scared. The
darkness is increasing. The situation
is bad. It was a 45 minute journey.
Both the men are stuck for more than 2 hours. The men are
feeling cold. Suddenly my friend started
staring at me. And just stared. Now bro
listen to me. I am committed.
He said you are misunderstanding me.
I just want to kiss you.
I said this is not right. He said this is
friendship. I said this is not friendship. He
said, we have known each other for so many years. I am a
little bit comfortable, I did not
say it superficially, I said no,
when I am saying this, I am committed. He is having an affair
with some other boy of mine.
I went to the village. I went for a few
days. Everyone had gone to my village at that time.
He wasn't a man. He came from the city. He
thought that there was a course going on in the
name of LGBT through which he could get a job quickly. And
institute here was opened LGBTC
Plus Plus
got job. I didn't know that much.
i didn't know. When I
came out to Delhi, Mumbai, Bengaluru, Pune,
big cities, then I understood that
good boys and girls are also getting married
now. Society changed. Then I went back to my closet.
So I am explaining
to my friend that brother, I will not be
able to give it. I don't have that type of nature. And
₹800 is very less. Just then
a man was seen coming.
I said brother, yes friend, we left in the morning exhausted.
By night I had become completely vulnerable.
He said, brother, yes friend, please give me
something and deliver it. My friend started
staring at me again. Brother, let me tell you one thing,
you were refusing me.
So there is talk of a complete transaction with a stranger.
I said, listen,
transactions are also done in cash. It does
n't work everywhere.
The man said, brother, I would have made you all sit
but your conversation shook me. So
I am not sitting. You are not making me sit at the back.
I am going. I said, no problem
brother, just tell me while I am going that this is the right path. I am going to
McLeodganj only. McLeodganj
15 km Is behind. Wherever you are going, you will
reach Israel in a short while.
I said I had not come here with so much adventure in mind. He
said, you guys don't worry. Keep walking
slowly. The forest is safe.
Sometimes I remember there are lions and bears here too.
My friend said, brother, I had to go to the washroom
but I have already done it. He
said, you people should be more worried. You
guys keep talking among yourselves, the lion will not
come. What session is this brother?
Keep talking, the lion will not come. Is the lion
listening to us? Let them do it, let two people talk first. There is
some matter at home, solve it. Whatever you do,
talk to it. Keep talking. The
lion will not come.
Suppose the lion has come. We start talking that
hey
lion, what a body you have built lion friend, these are tattoos on your
body, it is good, it is natural, I do
n't know, I am from the village, I did
not know much and lion ate mutton lion okay
lion I am leaving, I am leaving
lion then I will leave, yes my love, leave me, I am
holding you with my teeth, you have eaten 1 1/2 kg of mutton,
leave me so that I can leave.
Friends, I am telling you about the lion,
I have no problem because as soon as the lion
comes in front of you, you will not have to do anything.
Only the lion has to do what has to be done. There is
no need to be a hero everywhere. Sometimes accept
death. But the special thing about the lion is that it
hunts instantly. He kills the
person instantly. It doesn't take much time.
Bear, I don't know
how much you know about wildlife. The bear does
not recover. The
bear does not recover.
Bears are badass. Bears are
characterless. The
nature of a bear is not good.
Bears love to play. And he has
no gender preference. That's why he gave me a
thud.
How do I explain it to you guys
? I am not comfortable in telling it myself.
But what is a fact is a fact. The
bear hits hard before it kills.
And no
one wants such a death. But I am telling one thing
about myself honestly. I am
afraid of death itself.
I am not afraid of anything else. I don't
think much about respect. Nothing
happened. It won't matter.
I want to stay alive.
I just won't tell anyone outside. If
you go to four places and share your trauma,
then you will be insulted.
From the bear. Your respect is in your own hands. I just want to stay
alive. What happened in the forest remained in the forest.
I will come out sweeping. Never mind
Bear. It doesn't
matter
Bear, you did whatever you felt was right,
I used to be a nature lover, but nature
turned out to be my lover, friends, such incidents are common in forests
and when such incidents happen,
a depression accumulates on the mind.
We have to remove this depression together.
For this I have organised my live shows.
You will get all the details about it in India as well as outside in the description of this video. You can
also find all the details on my Instagram page. So if you
liked this video then share this video with
many people. Your
friends with whom you want to go out.
Share it. Follow me on Instagram.
Stay safe, stay alert and travel.
