Any of you are interested in going to the mountains Any of you are interested in going to the mountains Any of you are interested in going to the mountains ?  Does anyone go to the mountains? ?  Does anyone go to the mountains? ?  Does anyone go to the mountains? Where did this culture of hoo hoo come from in this country?  This is Where did this culture of hoo hoo come from in this country?  This is Where did this culture of hoo hoo come from in this country?  This is not our civilization.  It must have never happened in school that not our civilization.  It must have never happened in school that not our civilization.  It must have never happened in school that this time I am playing, this time I am playing, this time I am playing, you raise your hand and tell me. you raise your hand and tell me. you raise your hand and tell me. How do you feel ma'am, going to the mountains?  Vai How do you feel ma'am, going to the mountains?  Vai How do you feel ma'am, going to the mountains?  Vai nice.  Very nice.  Who else would like to tell nice.  Very nice.  Who else would like to tell nice.  Very nice.  Who else would like to tell you, sir?  Who raised their hand?  No no friend. you, sir?  Who raised their hand?  No no friend. you, sir?  Who raised their hand?  No no friend. Sir, how do you feel going to the mountains? Sir, how do you feel going to the mountains? Sir, how do you feel going to the mountains? Feels good.  Feels good.  Mostly, someone else please Feels good.  Feels good.  Mostly, someone else please Feels good.  Feels good.  Mostly, someone else please tell me.   One tell me.   One tell me.   One gets peace.  Mostly people are saying gets peace.  Mostly people are saying gets peace.  Mostly people are saying that they get peace.  It feels good, it gives peace. that they get peace.  It feels good, it gives peace. that they get peace.  It feels good, it gives peace. These are fake people. These are fake people. These are fake people. This is AI. I am telling you the truth.   It I am telling you the truth.   It I am telling you the truth.   It feels good in the mountains as long as you are feels good in the mountains as long as you are feels good in the mountains as long as you are sitting inside the car.  You have to walk as soon as you get down. sitting inside the car.  You have to walk as soon as you get down. sitting inside the car.  You have to walk as soon as you get down. My friend and I live My friend and I live My friend and I live in Gurgaon.  We decided that the in Gurgaon.  We decided that the in Gurgaon.  We decided that the land of Gurgaon is very land of Gurgaon is very land of Gurgaon is very flat. flat. flat. Why don't we go to the mountains for adventure? Why don't we go to the mountains for adventure? Why don't we go to the mountains for adventure? We are going We are going We are going out of Gurgaon for adventure.  Tell me, there is a out of Gurgaon for adventure.  Tell me, there is a out of Gurgaon for adventure.  Tell me, there is a lack of adventure in Gurgaon. lack of adventure in Gurgaon. lack of adventure in Gurgaon. I leave after 10:00 pm.  I feel like robbing myself.  There I leave after 10:00 pm.  I feel like robbing myself.  There 's a vibe.  There is an atmosphere in the air here.   I feel like the 's a vibe.  There is an atmosphere in the air here.   I feel like the 's a vibe.  There is an atmosphere in the air here.   I feel like the man is going to the other side of the road. man is going to the other side of the road. man is going to the other side of the road. Why not tear the skull from the stone, I have been playful since childhood.  I have a mischievous I have been playful since childhood.  I have a mischievous I have been playful since childhood.  I have a mischievous nature.  Then people explained that nature.  Then people explained that this is a crime.  You cannot do this frequently. this is a crime.  You cannot do this frequently. this is a crime.  You cannot do this frequently. I am not able to do what I want. I am not able to do what I want. I am not able to do what I want. I heard that the local people in the mountains are I heard that the local people in the mountains are I heard that the local people in the mountains are very pure at heart.  There are very very pure at heart.  There are very very pure at heart.  There are very nice people.  We went to the mountains and nice people.  We went to the mountains and nice people.  We went to the mountains and we were being treated rudely.  Those people were we were being treated rudely.  Those people were we were being treated rudely.  Those people were asking for money in Dharamshala, I said Dharamshala, the asking for money in Dharamshala, I said Dharamshala, the asking for money in Dharamshala, I said Dharamshala, the name of the place is Dharamshala, the name of the hotel where we came is Hyatt, I Dharamshala, the name of the hotel where we came is Hyatt, I Dharamshala, the name of the hotel where we came is Hyatt, I stood up wrapped in a wet towel and stood up wrapped in a wet towel and stood up wrapped in a wet towel and said tell me some place to visit, if you said tell me some place to visit, if you said tell me some place to visit, if you ever ask for a place to visit in the mountains, they immediately start ever ask for a place to visit in the mountains, they immediately start ever ask for a place to visit in the mountains, they immediately start telling me the track, go on this track, you will go telling me the track, go on this track, you will go telling me the track, go on this track, you will go mad, if you go mad then why would I mad, if you go mad then why would I mad, if you go mad then why would I go, go, go, I am feeling good, I am coming back naked from there, I I am feeling good, I am coming back naked from there, I I am feeling good, I am coming back naked from there, I enjoyed it, friend, nature is a enjoyed it, friend, nature is a enjoyed it, friend, nature is a wonderful thing.  Only one leaf is tied. wonderful thing.  Only one leaf is tied. wonderful thing.  Only one leaf is tied. That too on the face.  Has driven me crazy. crazy. crazy. We went to We went to We went to McLeodganj and the Triun Track there is very famous.  Gotta go McLeodganj and the Triun Track there is very famous.  Gotta go McLeodganj and the Triun Track there is very famous.  Gotta go there there there [music]. [music]. [music]. So he said go to Triun Track. So he said go to Triun Track. So he said go to Triun Track. I said how is the Triune track?   I I said how is the Triune track?   I I said how is the Triune track?   I opened YouTube and it started showing that this is the Truna opened YouTube and it started showing that this is the Truna opened YouTube and it started showing that this is the Truna track.  Will you go to see it?  I said now I have track.  Will you go to see it?  I said now I have track.  Will you go to see it?  I said now I have seen it.   I already look crazy to you.  He said, crazy to you.  He said, crazy to you.  He said, brother listen to me.  Today is my first day.   The brother listen to me.  Today is my first day.   The brother listen to me.  Today is my first day.   The manager said that he cannot raise his hand on anyone today. manager said that he cannot raise his hand on anyone today. manager said that he cannot raise his hand on anyone today. But my request is that when you go tomorrow, please But my request is that when you go tomorrow, please But my request is that when you go tomorrow, please check out and meet me once. check out and meet me once. check out and meet me once. No, I killed you by making you fall there. No, I killed you by making you fall there. No, I killed you by making you fall there. I said, you bastard I said, you bastard I said, you bastard employee, please tell me some decent places to visit. employee, please tell me some decent places to visit. employee, please tell me some decent places to visit. He said 8 km from here.  There is a track of.  Go. He said 8 km from here.  There is a track of.  Go. He said 8 km from here.  There is a track of.  Go. Big waterfalls are flowing.   The Big waterfalls are flowing.   The Big waterfalls are flowing.   The lake is beautiful.  You will enjoy it.  It lake is beautiful.  You will enjoy it.  It lake is beautiful.  You will enjoy it.  It is a beautiful route.  Both the people left.  There were is a beautiful route.  Both the people left.  There were is a beautiful route.  Both the people left.  There were two ways to get there.  An easy path, a two ways to get there.  An easy path, a two ways to get there.  An easy path, a path to death.  We looked into each other's eyes. path to death.  We looked into each other's eyes. path to death.  We looked into each other's eyes. I said I am a man. I said I am a man. I said I am a man. Why would we choose the easy way out?  Our Why would we choose the easy way out?  Our Why would we choose the easy way out?  Our minds are filled with minds are filled with minds are filled with straw.  We have to make full use of straw. straw.  We have to make full use of straw. straw.  We have to make full use of straw. We are men.  We will leave from here after getting it torn. We are men.  We will leave from here after getting it torn. Both men started walking.  For half an hour the Both men started walking.  For half an hour the Both men started walking.  For half an hour the path was a perfect straight ride. path was a perfect straight ride. path was a perfect straight ride. Our friendship went very well.  They are Our friendship went very well.  They are Our friendship went very well.  They are hugging each other.  Brother, if you are there then hugging each other.  Brother, if you are there then hugging each other.  Brother, if you are there then I am there, friend. I am there, friend. I am there, friend. As soon as I started climbing the mountain, I started feeling As soon as I started climbing the mountain, I started feeling As soon as I started climbing the mountain, I started feeling irritated.  Brother, tell me one thing, are irritated.  Brother, tell me one thing, are irritated.  Brother, tell me one thing, are you an idiot you an idiot you an idiot ?  Why did you bring me here?  Hey ?  Why did you bring me here?  Hey ?  Why did you bring me here?  Hey brother, you had said that I will tell you anything, will you brother, you had said that I will tell you anything, will you brother, you had said that I will tell you anything, will you believe it?  When will you give me my ₹500?  I will give it to you right now, I will give it to you believe it?  When will you give me my ₹500?  I will give it to you right now, I will give it to you believe it?  When will you give me my ₹500?  I will give it to you right now, I will give it to you a little bit, a little bit, a little bit, holding the collar, he is walking there for a while, then let us move ahead. After holding the collar, he is walking there for a while, then let us move ahead. After holding the collar, he is walking there for a while, then let us move ahead. After calming down, we can hear the calming down, we can hear the sound of crackling coming from around. If we pay attention, it is sound of crackling coming from around. If we pay attention, it is sound of crackling coming from around. If we pay attention, it is coming from our body itself. The collars which were blocked for so many years have opened up today, there are blocked for so many years have opened up today, there are blocked for so many years have opened up today, there are lumps in our joints, lumps in our joints, lumps in our joints, cholesterol has increased, if someone had done a checkup at that time, cholesterol has increased, if someone had done a checkup at that time, cholesterol has increased, if someone had done a checkup at that time, AIDS would have also been detected. I said if this continues, we will attain martyrdom.  Let's do I said if this continues, we will attain martyrdom.  Let's do one thing every 1 km. one thing every 1 km. one thing every 1 km. After that we will take a 4 hour nap.  He After that we will take a 4 hour nap.  He After that we will take a 4 hour nap.  He said, okay Lord.  There is 1 km.   He was said, okay Lord.  There is 1 km.   He was said, okay Lord.  There is 1 km.   He was coming after 4 hours.   There is a hormone in our brain called a hormone in our brain called a hormone in our brain called dopamine which gives a happy feeling. dopamine which gives a happy feeling. dopamine which gives a happy feeling. Dopamine died in agony.  I am Dopamine died in agony.  I am Dopamine died in agony.  I am not feeling good at all now. not feeling good at all now. not feeling good at all now. I love dogs very much.  I was shocked to I love dogs very much.  I was shocked to I love dogs very much.  I was shocked to see the dog there.  So that the dog does see the dog there.  So that the dog does see the dog there.  So that the dog does not bite me.  He not bite me.  He not bite me.  He said, brother, the dog bites.  Doesn't bite. said, brother, the dog bites.  Doesn't bite. said, brother, the dog bites.  Doesn't bite. I would have had dogs on the big mountain.  The I would have had dogs on the big mountain.  The I would have had dogs on the big mountain.  The fabricated stories died in my mind. fabricated stories died in my mind. fabricated stories died in my mind. Finally we reached our destination. Finally we reached our destination. Finally we reached our destination. Where it was said that there was a waterfall.  There was Where it was said that there was a waterfall.  There was Where it was said that there was a waterfall.  There was no waterfall there.  The drains were overflowing. no waterfall there.  The drains were overflowing. no waterfall there.  The drains were overflowing. Three or four from above which were gathering in the pit below. Three or four from above which were gathering in the pit below. Three or four from above which were gathering in the pit below. And the people there are And the people there are And the people there are running so many bastard scams.  They are calling it a lake.   The running so many bastard scams.  They are calling it a lake.   The running so many bastard scams.  They are calling it a lake.   The pit was turned into a lake.  Tell.  We had come with the intention of taking a bath. pit was turned into a lake.  Tell.  We had come with the intention of taking a bath. pit was turned into a lake.  Tell.  We had come with the intention of taking a bath. Seeing us there, the fishes came out. Seeing us there, the fishes came out. Seeing us there, the fishes came out. That you guys do it That you guys do it That you guys do it first.  You guys are coming from a long distance.  We live first.  You guys are coming from a long distance.  We live first.  You guys are coming from a long distance.  We live here.   Only here.   Only here.   Only one person can take bath here at a time. one person can take bath here at a time. one person can take bath here at a time. Bathe, bathe, why Bathe, bathe, why Bathe, bathe, why are you standing?  If you have the guts, then take a bath and show me.  If your underwear gets are you standing?  If you have the guts, then take a bath and show me.  If your underwear gets are you standing?  If you have the guts, then take a bath and show me.  If your underwear gets wet, tell wet, tell wet, tell me.  We are not expanding our family here, there is me.  We are not expanding our family here, there is me.  We are not expanding our family here, there is less water.  I do less water.  I do less water.  I do n't know where the idiots go to take bath with their faces raised. n't know where the idiots go to take bath with their faces raised. I, the shameless man, went to take a bath.  It was strange I, the shameless man, went to take a bath.  It was strange I, the shameless man, went to take a bath.  It was strange water.  The stomach is wet and the back is dry. water.  The stomach is wet and the back is dry. water.  The stomach is wet and the back is dry. My friend sat outside.  I said come My friend sat outside.  I said come My friend sat outside.  I said come brother, enjoy.  I said no brother, you brother, enjoy.  I said no brother, you brother, enjoy.  I said no brother, you enjoy it fully.  Only you can take a bath in such a dense lake. enjoy it fully.  Only you can take a bath in such a dense lake. enjoy it fully.  Only you can take a bath in such a dense lake. Where is the water?  All the water Where is the water?  All the water Where is the water?  All the water splashed out due to your weight. splashed out due to your weight. splashed out due to your weight. You have filled the second hole.  Now people will You have filled the second hole.  Now people will You have filled the second hole.  Now people will increase tourism further.  There are two lakes.  Come come. Even in that jungle where there are neither animals nor Even in that jungle where there are neither animals nor Even in that jungle where there are neither animals nor humans, there also a man was busy selling Maggi, you will humans, there also a man was busy selling Maggi, you will find him in the jungle, wearing a lungi, busy find him in the jungle, wearing a lungi, busy find him in the jungle, wearing a lungi, busy grinding spices, he does grinding spices, he does grinding spices, he does not come out of the jungle, he knows that I should not come out of the jungle, he knows that I should not come out of the jungle, he knows that I should not go out, these stupid people will come here, not go out, these stupid people will come here, not go out, these stupid people will come here, feeding Maggi to humans during the day and feeding Maggi to humans during the day and feeding Maggi to humans during the day and catching deer at night, thinking that if you want to catching deer at night, thinking that if you want to catching deer at night, thinking that if you want to move ahead in life, you will have to eat Maggi, move ahead in life, you will have to eat Maggi, move ahead in life, you will have to eat Maggi, why does the grass remain finished the why does the grass remain finished the why does the grass remain finished the whole day.  We said brother let's go back.  There were whole day.  We said brother let's go back.  There were whole day.  We said brother let's go back.  There were two ways to go back.  An easy path, a two ways to go back.  An easy path, a path to death.  Humans learn from mistakes. path to death.  Humans learn from mistakes. path to death.  Humans learn from mistakes. Animals cannot learn. Animals cannot learn. Animals cannot learn. Our body was like that of humans.  But Our body was like that of humans.  But Our body was like that of humans.  But our intelligence was like that of a bull.  A man's intelligence is like that our intelligence was like that of a bull.  A man's intelligence is like that our intelligence was like that of a bull.  A man's intelligence is like that of a bull.  We still did it of a bull.  We still did it of a bull.  We still did it with the same attitude.  We are men. But this time the confidence was less But this time the confidence was less But this time the confidence was less that brother, he is a man, is n't he? My friend said, yes, yes, yes, he was unconscious, he n't he? My friend said, yes, yes, yes, he was unconscious, he n't he? My friend said, yes, yes, yes, he was unconscious, he sat up, yes, he is a man, we will sat up, yes, he is a man, we will sat up, yes, he is a man, we will not choose the easy path, not choose the easy path, not choose the easy path, girls go from there, we are men, this girls go from there, we are men, this girls go from there, we are men, this forest path, we will go from here, forest path, we will go from here, forest path, we will go from here, absorbing nature inside us, absorbing nature inside us, absorbing nature inside us, enjoying the flora and fauna, then enjoying the flora and fauna, then enjoying the flora and fauna, then both of us left, my friend said, both of us left, my friend said, both of us left, my friend said, wow, I am getting healed by nature, wow, I am getting healed by nature, wow, I am getting healed by nature, nature has made all my problems disappear, nature has made all my problems disappear, nature has made all my problems disappear, I said, brother, how is piles getting cured by nature, I said, brother, how is piles getting cured by nature, I looked at the map, it was I looked at the map, it was I looked at the map, it was showing us a route of 45 minutes.  45 minutes showing us a route of 45 minutes.  45 minutes showing us a route of 45 minutes.  45 minutes passed while I was walking and then I saw that it was showing 55 minutes passed while I was walking and then I saw that it was showing 55 minutes passed while I was walking and then I saw that it was showing 55 minutes and and and what kind of route is this, what kind of route is this, what kind of route is this, friend?  Have we set out on the path to salvation friend?  Have we set out on the path to salvation friend?  Have we set out on the path to salvation ?  I am educated.  I don't ?  I am educated.  I don't ?  I am educated.  I don't believe in ghosts.  Until it gets dark.  As soon as it gets believe in ghosts.  Until it gets dark.  As soon as it gets believe in ghosts.  Until it gets dark.  As soon as it gets dark, it seems that ghosts do exist. dark, it seems that ghosts do exist. dark, it seems that ghosts do exist. Look, there may or may not be a ghost. Look, there may or may not be a ghost. Look, there may or may not be a ghost. Witches do exist. Witches do exist. Witches do exist. Because the ghosts and spirits were Because the ghosts and spirits were Because the ghosts and spirits were created from this society.  Even up there, women have created from this society.  Even up there, women have created from this society.  Even up there, women have suppressed us.  That suppressed us.  That suppressed us.  That witch is scolding her husband, the ghost, to witch is scolding her husband, the ghost, to witch is scolding her husband, the ghost, to sit quietly.  I am crazy.  She has been sit quietly.  I am crazy.  She has been sit quietly.  I am crazy.  She has been applying nail polish on her left foot for half an hour. applying nail polish on her left foot for half an hour. applying nail polish on her left foot for half an hour. It is not that you help me take out your teeth and then you It is not that you help me take out your teeth and then you It is not that you help me take out your teeth and then you sit quietly.  The human mind is so [ __ ] up. quietly.  The human mind is so [ __ ] up. quietly.  The human mind is so [ __ ] up. Look at how many nonsense things we talk during the day Look at how many nonsense things we talk during the day Look at how many nonsense things we talk during the day which have no sense and as soon as it is night, we which have no sense and as soon as it is night, we which have no sense and as soon as it is night, we automatically start talking about ghosts and spirits automatically start talking about ghosts and spirits automatically start talking about ghosts and spirits that if it is ruined then it will not reduce to anything. that if it is ruined then it will not reduce to anything. that if it is ruined then it will not reduce to anything. During the day we keep talking about the same things During the day we keep talking about the same things During the day we keep talking about the same things that brother, after eating the food here I remembered my mother, that brother, after eating the food here I remembered my mother, that brother, after eating the food here I remembered my mother, she also used to cook very badly, I mean she loved me a lot but I was not able to cook the food mean she loved me a lot but I was not able to cook the food and as soon as it is night, our conversation becomes like this, and as soon as it is night, our conversation becomes like this, and as soon as it is night, our conversation becomes like this, brother, do you know that there used to be a witch in my village. brother, do you know that there used to be a witch in my village. brother, do you know that there used to be a witch in my village. Whenever my grandfather would go out, the Whenever my grandfather would go out, the Whenever my grandfather would go out, the witch would follow him and witch would follow him and witch would follow him and call him by his name, Grandfather. call him by his name, Grandfather. call him by his name, Grandfather. Grandfather's name was Grandfather.  And as Grandfather's name was Grandfather.  And as Grandfather's name was Grandfather.  And as soon as grandfather turned around, he soon as grandfather turned around, he soon as grandfather turned around, he sang the witch disappeared witch.  I don't understand whether the witch is scaring me or is scared. sang the witch disappeared witch.  I don't understand whether the witch is scaring me or is scared. sang the witch disappeared witch.  I don't understand whether the witch is scaring me or is scared. Get rid of me witch. Get rid of me witch. Get rid of me witch. Tell me about Grandpa.  Tell me what kind of face did your Tell me about Grandpa.  Tell me what kind of face did your Tell me about Grandpa.  Tell me what kind of face did your grandfather have? grandfather have? grandfather have? Seeing which the witch is scared.  The darkness is increasing.  The situation darkness is increasing.  The situation darkness is increasing.  The situation is bad.  It was a 45 minute journey. is bad.  It was a 45 minute journey. is bad.  It was a 45 minute journey. Both the men are stuck for more than 2 hours.  The men are Both the men are stuck for more than 2 hours.  The men are Both the men are stuck for more than 2 hours.  The men are feeling cold.  Suddenly my friend started feeling cold.  Suddenly my friend started feeling cold.  Suddenly my friend started staring at me.  And just stared.  Now bro staring at me.  And just stared.  Now bro staring at me.  And just stared.  Now bro listen to me.  I am committed. He said you are misunderstanding me. He said you are misunderstanding me. He said you are misunderstanding me. I just want to kiss you. I just want to kiss you. I just want to kiss you. I said this is not right.  He said this is I said this is not right.  He said this is I said this is not right.  He said this is friendship.  I said this is not friendship.   He friendship.  I said this is not friendship.   He friendship.  I said this is not friendship.   He said, we have known each other for so many years.  I am a said, we have known each other for so many years.  I am a said, we have known each other for so many years.  I am a little bit comfortable, I did not little bit comfortable, I did not little bit comfortable, I did not say it superficially, I said no, when I am saying this, I am committed.   He is having an affair when I am saying this, I am committed.   He is having an affair when I am saying this, I am committed.   He is having an affair with some other boy of mine. I went to the village.  I went for a few days.  Everyone had gone to my village at that time. days.  Everyone had gone to my village at that time. days.  Everyone had gone to my village at that time. He wasn't a man.  He came from the city.  He He wasn't a man.  He came from the city.  He He wasn't a man.  He came from the city.  He thought that there was a course going on in the thought that there was a course going on in the thought that there was a course going on in the name of LGBT through which he could get a job quickly.  And name of LGBT through which he could get a job quickly.  And name of LGBT through which he could get a job quickly.  And institute here was opened LGBTC institute here was opened LGBTC institute here was opened LGBTC Plus Plus Plus Plus Plus Plus got job.  I didn't know that much. got job.  I didn't know that much. got job.  I didn't know that much. i didn't know.  When I i didn't know.  When I i didn't know.  When I came out to Delhi, Mumbai, Bengaluru, Pune, came out to Delhi, Mumbai, Bengaluru, Pune, came out to Delhi, Mumbai, Bengaluru, Pune, big cities, then I understood that big cities, then I understood that big cities, then I understood that good boys and girls are also getting married good boys and girls are also getting married good boys and girls are also getting married now.  Society changed.  Then I went back to my closet. now.  Society changed.  Then I went back to my closet. now.  Society changed.  Then I went back to my closet. So I am explaining So I am explaining So I am explaining to my friend that brother, I will not be able to give it.  I don't have that type of nature.  And able to give it.  I don't have that type of nature.  And able to give it.  I don't have that type of nature.  And ₹800 is very less.   Just then a man was seen coming. a man was seen coming. a man was seen coming. I said brother, yes friend, we left in the morning exhausted. I said brother, yes friend, we left in the morning exhausted. I said brother, yes friend, we left in the morning exhausted. By night I had become completely vulnerable. By night I had become completely vulnerable. By night I had become completely vulnerable. He said, brother, yes friend, please give me He said, brother, yes friend, please give me He said, brother, yes friend, please give me something and deliver it.  My friend started something and deliver it.  My friend started something and deliver it.  My friend started staring at me again.  Brother, let me tell you one thing, staring at me again.  Brother, let me tell you one thing, staring at me again.  Brother, let me tell you one thing, you were refusing me. you were refusing me. you were refusing me. So there is talk of a complete transaction with a stranger. So there is talk of a complete transaction with a stranger. So there is talk of a complete transaction with a stranger. I said, listen, I said, listen, I said, listen, transactions are also done in cash.  It does transactions are also done in cash.  It does transactions are also done in cash.  It does n't work everywhere. The man said, brother, I would have made you all sit The man said, brother, I would have made you all sit The man said, brother, I would have made you all sit but your conversation shook me.  So but your conversation shook me.  So I am not sitting.  You are not making me sit at the back. I am not sitting.  You are not making me sit at the back. I am going.  I said, no problem I am going.  I said, no problem I am going.  I said, no problem brother, just tell me while I am going that this is the right path.  I am going to brother, just tell me while I am going that this is the right path.  I am going to brother, just tell me while I am going that this is the right path.  I am going to McLeodganj only.  McLeodganj McLeodganj only.  McLeodganj McLeodganj only.  McLeodganj 15 km  Is behind.  Wherever you are going, you will 15 km  Is behind.  Wherever you are going, you will 15 km  Is behind.  Wherever you are going, you will reach Israel in a short while. reach Israel in a short while. reach Israel in a short while. I said I had not come here with so much adventure in mind.  He I said I had not come here with so much adventure in mind.  He I said I had not come here with so much adventure in mind.  He said, you guys don't worry.   Keep walking said, you guys don't worry.   Keep walking said, you guys don't worry.   Keep walking slowly.  The forest is safe. slowly.  The forest is safe. slowly.  The forest is safe. Sometimes I remember there are lions and bears here too. Sometimes I remember there are lions and bears here too. Sometimes I remember there are lions and bears here too. My friend said, brother, I had to go to the washroom My friend said, brother, I had to go to the washroom My friend said, brother, I had to go to the washroom but I have already done it.  He but I have already done it.  He but I have already done it.  He said, you people should be more worried.  You said, you people should be more worried.  You said, you people should be more worried.  You guys keep talking among yourselves, the lion will not guys keep talking among yourselves, the lion will not guys keep talking among yourselves, the lion will not come.  What session is this brother? come.  What session is this brother? come.  What session is this brother? Keep talking, the lion will not come.  Is the lion Keep talking, the lion will not come.  Is the lion Keep talking, the lion will not come.  Is the lion listening to us?  Let them do it, let two people talk first.  There is listening to us?  Let them do it, let two people talk first.  There is listening to us?  Let them do it, let two people talk first.  There is some matter at home, solve it.   Whatever you do, some matter at home, solve it.   Whatever you do, some matter at home, solve it.   Whatever you do, talk to it.  Keep talking.   The talk to it.  Keep talking.   The talk to it.  Keep talking.   The lion will not come. lion will not come. lion will not come. Suppose the lion has come.  We start talking that Suppose the lion has come.  We start talking that Suppose the lion has come.  We start talking that hey hey hey lion, what a body you have built lion friend, these are tattoos on your lion, what a body you have built lion friend, these are tattoos on your lion, what a body you have built lion friend, these are tattoos on your body, it is good, it is natural, I do body, it is good, it is natural, I do body, it is good, it is natural, I do n't know, I am from the village, I did n't know, I am from the village, I did n't know, I am from the village, I did not know much and lion ate mutton lion okay not know much and lion ate mutton lion okay not know much and lion ate mutton lion okay lion I am leaving, I am leaving lion I am leaving, I am leaving lion I am leaving, I am leaving lion then I will leave, yes my love, leave me, I am lion then I will leave, yes my love, leave me, I am lion then I will leave, yes my love, leave me, I am holding you with my teeth, you have eaten 1 1/2 kg of mutton, holding you with my teeth, you have eaten 1 1/2 kg of mutton, leave me so that I can leave. Friends, I am telling you about the lion, Friends, I am telling you about the lion, Friends, I am telling you about the lion, I have no problem because as soon as the lion I have no problem because as soon as the lion I have no problem because as soon as the lion comes in front of you, you will not have to do anything. comes in front of you, you will not have to do anything. comes in front of you, you will not have to do anything. Only the lion has to do what has to be done.  There is Only the lion has to do what has to be done.  There is Only the lion has to do what has to be done.  There is no need to be a hero everywhere.  Sometimes accept no need to be a hero everywhere.  Sometimes accept no need to be a hero everywhere.  Sometimes accept death.  But the special thing about the lion is that it death.  But the special thing about the lion is that it death.  But the special thing about the lion is that it hunts instantly.  He kills the hunts instantly.  He kills the hunts instantly.  He kills the person instantly.  It doesn't take much time. person instantly.  It doesn't take much time. person instantly.  It doesn't take much time. Bear, I don't know Bear, I don't know Bear, I don't know how much you know about wildlife.  The bear does how much you know about wildlife.  The bear does how much you know about wildlife.  The bear does not recover.   The bear does not recover. bear does not recover. bear does not recover. Bears are badass.  Bears are Bears are badass.  Bears are Bears are badass.  Bears are characterless.   The characterless.   The characterless.   The nature of a bear is not good. nature of a bear is not good. nature of a bear is not good. Bears love to play.  And he has Bears love to play.  And he has Bears love to play.  And he has no gender preference.  That's why he gave me a no gender preference.  That's why he gave me a no gender preference.  That's why he gave me a thud. How do I explain it to you guys How do I explain it to you guys How do I explain it to you guys ?  I am not comfortable in telling it myself. ?  I am not comfortable in telling it myself. ?  I am not comfortable in telling it myself. But what is a fact is a fact.   The But what is a fact is a fact.   The But what is a fact is a fact.   The bear hits hard before it kills. And no And no And no one wants such a death.  But I am telling one thing one wants such a death.  But I am telling one thing one wants such a death.  But I am telling one thing about myself honestly.  I am about myself honestly.  I am about myself honestly.  I am afraid of death itself. afraid of death itself. afraid of death itself. I am not afraid of anything else.   I don't I am not afraid of anything else.   I don't I am not afraid of anything else.   I don't think much about respect.  Nothing think much about respect.  Nothing think much about respect.  Nothing happened.  It won't matter. happened.  It won't matter. happened.  It won't matter. I want to stay alive. I want to stay alive. I want to stay alive. I just won't tell anyone outside.  If I just won't tell anyone outside.  If I just won't tell anyone outside.  If you go to four places and share your trauma, you go to four places and share your trauma, you go to four places and share your trauma, then you will be insulted. From the bear.  Your respect is in your own hands.  I just want to stay From the bear.  Your respect is in your own hands.  I just want to stay From the bear.  Your respect is in your own hands.  I just want to stay alive.  What happened in the forest remained in the forest. alive.  What happened in the forest remained in the forest. alive.  What happened in the forest remained in the forest. I will come out sweeping.  Never mind I will come out sweeping.  Never mind I will come out sweeping.  Never mind Bear.   It doesn't Bear.   It doesn't Bear.   It doesn't matter matter matter Bear, you did whatever you felt was right, Bear, you did whatever you felt was right, Bear, you did whatever you felt was right, I used to be a nature lover, but nature I used to be a nature lover, but nature turned out to be my lover, friends, such incidents are common in forests turned out to be my lover, friends, such incidents are common in forests turned out to be my lover, friends, such incidents are common in forests and when such incidents happen, and when such incidents happen, and when such incidents happen, a depression accumulates on the mind. a depression accumulates on the mind. a depression accumulates on the mind. We have to remove this depression together. We have to remove this depression together. We have to remove this depression together. For this I have organised my live shows. For this I have organised my live shows. You will get all the details about it in India as well as outside in the description of this video.  You can You will get all the details about it in India as well as outside in the description of this video.  You can also find all the details on my Instagram page.  So if you also find all the details on my Instagram page.  So if you also find all the details on my Instagram page.  So if you liked this video then share this video with liked this video then share this video with liked this video then share this video with many people.  Your many people.  Your many people.  Your friends with whom you want to go out. friends with whom you want to go out. friends with whom you want to go out. Share it.  Follow me on Instagram. Share it.  Follow me on Instagram. Share it.  Follow me on Instagram. Stay safe, stay alert and travel.