Guys, actually I just remembered I was a Guys, actually I just remembered I was a Guys, actually I just remembered I was a 190 lbs before giving birth. I'm 190 lbs before giving birth. I'm 190 lbs before giving birth. I'm curious. So, we're going to go see like curious. So, we're going to go see like curious. So, we're going to go see like how much I weigh in. Guys, we're doing a how much I weigh in. Guys, we're doing a how much I weigh in. Guys, we're doing a mini mommy makeover [music] today. I mini mommy makeover [music] today. I mini mommy makeover [music] today. I haven't dyed my hair since November of haven't dyed my hair since November of haven't dyed my hair since November of 2024. 2024. 2024. Keeping myself alive is very hard. Like, Keeping myself alive is very hard. Like, Keeping myself alive is very hard. Like, hello friends. What's up? We are hello friends. What's up? We are hello friends. What's up? We are preparing for a little mini barbecue. preparing for a little mini barbecue. preparing for a little mini barbecue. My dad's going to barbecue. So, I'm My dad's going to barbecue. So, I'm My dad's going to barbecue. So, I'm going to just wait outside. going to just wait outside. going to just wait outside. Come on, Cheddar. You want to come? No. Come on, Cheddar. You want to come? No. Come on, Cheddar. You want to come? No. Okay. Papa, you need help? I'll sit. I'll be in the shade here. Almost ready. Everything. Almost ready. Everything. Almost ready. Everything. >> It's nice out. last few >> It's nice out. last few >> It's nice out. last few weeks. Oh, you broke them. That's funny. It is the next day, guys. That's funny. It is the next day, guys. That's funny. It is the next day, guys. I have my one of my childhood friends or I have my one of my childhood friends or I have my one of my childhood friends or middle school friends coming to see us middle school friends coming to see us middle school friends coming to see us with her mom. So, mom just hyper cleaned with her mom. So, mom just hyper cleaned with her mom. So, mom just hyper cleaned the entire house like a superwoman. the entire house like a superwoman. the entire house like a superwoman. And I just remembered I have to take, if And I just remembered I have to take, if And I just remembered I have to take, if you guys ever tried pure cranberry you guys ever tried pure cranberry you guys ever tried pure cranberry juice, it tastes nothing like the juice, it tastes nothing like the juice, it tastes nothing like the cocktail, it is the most sour juice I've cocktail, it is the most sour juice I've cocktail, it is the most sour juice I've ever had in my life. But I am dealing ever had in my life. But I am dealing ever had in my life. But I am dealing with a serious infection of like, you with a serious infection of like, you with a serious infection of like, you know, where they put the catheter and it know, where they put the catheter and it know, where they put the catheter and it is really, really painful. So, in the is really, really painful. So, in the is really, really painful. So, in the meantime, in the meantime, while I'm meantime, in the meantime, while I'm meantime, in the meantime, while I'm getting my urine tested and all that, getting my urine tested and all that, getting my urine tested and all that, she told me to have pure cranberry she told me to have pure cranberry she told me to have pure cranberry juice, which I'm only going to have this juice, which I'm only going to have this juice, which I'm only going to have this much at a time, and also take cranberry much at a time, and also take cranberry much at a time, and also take cranberry pills. So, that's what I've been doing, pills. So, that's what I've been doing, pills. So, that's what I've been doing, but but but it is so sour. We're also going to get it is so sour. We're also going to get it is so sour. We're also going to get my blood levels checked, I think, in a my blood levels checked, I think, in a my blood levels checked, I think, in a few days because I don't know if you few days because I don't know if you few days because I don't know if you guys can tell, but my eye bags and my guys can tell, but my eye bags and my guys can tell, but my eye bags and my lips are eye bags are dark, lips are lips are eye bags are dark, lips are lips are eye bags are dark, lips are pale. So, they want to see if Where is pale. So, they want to see if Where is pale. So, they want to see if Where is my cranberry pills? Oh, here they are. my cranberry pills? Oh, here they are. my cranberry pills? Oh, here they are. They want to see if or whatever. I need They want to see if or whatever. I need They want to see if or whatever. I need another infusion. So, most likely that another infusion. So, most likely that another infusion. So, most likely that will happen in the next week or so. But will happen in the next week or so. But will happen in the next week or so. But other than that, we are feeling okay. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Also, Osami and Sana got me these drops. Also, Osami and Sana got me these drops. Also, Osami and Sana got me these drops. Let me know if you guys have tried them. Let me know if you guys have tried them. Let me know if you guys have tried them. Let me show you them first. There's two Let me show you them first. There's two Let me show you them first. There's two different ones. It is the Rumina different ones. It is the Rumina different ones. It is the Rumina Goats Rue and Rumina the Milky Way. And Goats Rue and Rumina the Milky Way. And Goats Rue and Rumina the Milky Way. And they're both herbal tinctures. And they they're both herbal tinctures. And they they're both herbal tinctures. And they both help with milk supply. But you both help with milk supply. But you both help with milk supply. But you guys, every time I drink it, you're guys, every time I drink it, you're guys, every time I drink it, you're supposed to mix it in something. The supposed to mix it in something. The supposed to mix it in something. The first time I mixed it, I mixed it in first time I mixed it, I mixed it in first time I mixed it, I mixed it in water cuz Santa's like, "Just put in a water cuz Santa's like, "Just put in a water cuz Santa's like, "Just put in a little bit of water and drink it." I little bit of water and drink it." I little bit of water and drink it." I gagged. I almost threw up. So, even in gagged. I almost threw up. So, even in gagged. I almost threw up. So, even in this really, really sour juice, I've this really, really sour juice, I've this really, really sour juice, I've been putting these and I still gag every been putting these and I still gag every been putting these and I still gag every single time. So, I don't know. But, single time. So, I don't know. But, single time. So, I don't know. But, we're going to we're going to take it. we're going to we're going to take it. we're going to we're going to take it. But if you guys have ever had this and But if you guys have ever had this and But if you guys have ever had this and there's anything that can mask the taste there's anything that can mask the taste there's anything that can mask the taste of this, please let me know cuz you're of this, please let me know cuz you're of this, please let me know cuz you're supposed to have this three times a day supposed to have this three times a day supposed to have this three times a day and I'm currently only having it once a and I'm currently only having it once a and I'm currently only having it once a day. day. day. We'll give him his drops, mama. So, all We'll give him his drops, mama. So, all We'll give him his drops, mama. So, all right, fine. I won't traumatize him right, fine. I won't traumatize him right, fine. I won't traumatize him right now. [sighs] I'm going to vomit. I need to have water I'm going to vomit. I need to have water I'm going to vomit. I need to have water with it. I know. I felt feel bad. He's with it. I know. I felt feel bad. He's with it. I know. I felt feel bad. He's just looking at us with his puppy dog just looking at us with his puppy dog just looking at us with his puppy dog eyes. Poor guy. I told him we're just eyes. Poor guy. I told him we're just eyes. Poor guy. I told him we're just learning the new schedule and then he'll learning the new schedule and then he'll learning the new schedule and then he'll get love. Vada. I know. get love. Vada. I know. get love. Vada. I know. >> Like a toy. >> Like a toy. >> Like a toy. >> Poor guy. >> You guys didn't sleep. >> You guys didn't sleep. >> You guys didn't sleep. >> Nobody in this house is getting any good >> Nobody in this house is getting any good >> Nobody in this house is getting any good sleep. That's why you guys should get sleep. That's why you guys should get sleep. That's why you guys should get some rest. Okay, let's see. Guys, I some rest. Okay, let's see. Guys, I some rest. Okay, let's see. Guys, I ordered a playmat ordered a playmat ordered a playmat for tummy time. for tummy time. for tummy time. One of these like colorful situations. One of these like colorful situations. One of these like colorful situations. See, See, See, that way he has something to play on. that way he has something to play on. that way he has something to play on. Will it need a battery? Will it need a battery? Will it need a battery? Baby Einstein. Baby Einstein. Baby Einstein. There was like a black and white one. There was like a black and white one. There was like a black and white one. And I ended up getting the colorful one And I ended up getting the colorful one And I ended up getting the colorful one just cuz I'll get more use out of it. just cuz I'll get more use out of it. just cuz I'll get more use out of it. Okay. We're going to have to build this. Okay. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. And what? This runs on batteries, I And what? This runs on batteries, I And what? This runs on batteries, I guess. Okay. Yeah. I'm just going to guess. Okay. Yeah. I'm just going to guess. Okay. Yeah. I'm just going to quickly make this >> [music] >> ta. >> ta. >> ta. It's done. I got to just put in the It's done. I got to just put in the It's done. I got to just put in the batteries now. batteries now. batteries now. >> This is something new. >> This is something new. >> This is something new. >> That is a chi. It was really good. >> My friend here brought these cookies. Oh >> My friend here brought these cookies. Oh >> My friend here brought these cookies. Oh my god. So yummy. M's mom sent me so my god. So yummy. M's mom sent me so my god. So yummy. M's mom sent me so much food much food much food >> home. The soup is so good. Especially >> home. The soup is so good. Especially >> home. The soup is so good. Especially cuz I haven't been cuz I haven't been cuz I haven't been >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Especially cuz I haven't been >> Especially cuz I haven't been >> Especially cuz I haven't been feeling like eating. Even though they feeling like eating. Even though they feeling like eating. Even though they say you're supposed to be really hungry say you're supposed to be really hungry say you're supposed to be really hungry when you're breastfeeding, I just when you're breastfeeding, I just when you're breastfeeding, I just haven't been. So, my miss. Good morning. I washed my hair last Good morning. I washed my hair last Good morning. I washed my hair last night and I half blow dried it and then night and I half blow dried it and then night and I half blow dried it and then I gave up. So, we're going to quickly I gave up. So, we're going to quickly I gave up. So, we're going to quickly straighten this hair before the baby straighten this hair before the baby straighten this hair before the baby wakes up and before I have to feed him. wakes up and before I have to feed him. wakes up and before I have to feed him. So, with the magic of editing, we're So, with the magic of editing, we're So, with the magic of editing, we're going to go from this to straight hair. going to go from this to straight hair. going to go from this to straight hair. And now, And now, And now, taa. Okay, now let's go feed the baby taa. Okay, now let's go feed the baby taa. Okay, now let's go feed the baby and then we'll continue the rest of the and then we'll continue the rest of the and then we'll continue the rest of the day. Guys, actually I just remembered I day. Guys, actually I just remembered I day. Guys, actually I just remembered I was a 190 lb before giving birth. I'm was a 190 lb before giving birth. I'm was a 190 lb before giving birth. I'm curious. So, we're going to go see like curious. So, we're going to go see like curious. So, we're going to go see like how much I weigh in it. Just out of how much I weigh in it. Just out of how much I weigh in it. Just out of curiosity. I'm a little out of breath. curiosity. I'm a little out of breath. curiosity. I'm a little out of breath. So, this is what we're working with. So, this is what we're working with. So, this is what we're working with. My belly is still like, you know, jello. My belly is still like, you know, jello. My belly is still like, you know, jello. It's healing. Hold on. I want to say It's healing. Hold on. I want to say It's healing. Hold on. I want to say just like a few days after I gave birth, just like a few days after I gave birth, just like a few days after I gave birth, I restarted doing it. And it is the 360 I restarted doing it. And it is the 360 I restarted doing it. And it is the 360 breathing. if you guys haven't ever done breathing. if you guys haven't ever done breathing. if you guys haven't ever done it or you don't have to do it while it or you don't have to do it while it or you don't have to do it while you're pregnant even, but it helps a lot you're pregnant even, but it helps a lot you're pregnant even, but it helps a lot with your core and just keeping with your core and just keeping with your core and just keeping everything steady. So, we're not really everything steady. So, we're not really everything steady. So, we're not really working like for abs, but we're working working like for abs, but we're working working like for abs, but we're working on the pelvic floor, your ab like just on the pelvic floor, your ab like just on the pelvic floor, your ab like just your core internally. And basically what your core internally. And basically what your core internally. And basically what you do, it's going to be hard to see, you do, it's going to be hard to see, you do, it's going to be hard to see, but you're going to go, you breathe but you're going to go, you breathe but you're going to go, you breathe completely in, fill in your belly, and completely in, fill in your belly, and completely in, fill in your belly, and then as you're breathing out, suck in then as you're breathing out, suck in then as you're breathing out, suck in your stomach, but you're going to try to your stomach, but you're going to try to your stomach, but you're going to try to like envision your belly button being like envision your belly button being like envision your belly button being pulled back. So you go. pulled back. So you go. pulled back. So you go. [sighs and gasps] So breathe in like that. Should go kind of like pull like that. Should go kind of like pull like that. Should go kind of like pull everything out. And then breathe in everything out. And then breathe in everything out. And then breathe in again and fill in your stomach. And it again and fill in your stomach. And it again and fill in your stomach. And it helps keeping your hands here to help helps keeping your hands here to help helps keeping your hands here to help fill out your stomach because you want fill out your stomach because you want fill out your stomach because you want to completely relax those muscles before to completely relax those muscles before to completely relax those muscles before pushing them back in. And I do this pushing them back in. And I do this pushing them back in. And I do this whenever I like can think of, especially whenever I like can think of, especially whenever I like can think of, especially when I'm in the shower, if I'm just here when I'm in the shower, if I'm just here when I'm in the shower, if I'm just here like in the bathroom. It helps a lot. I like in the bathroom. It helps a lot. I like in the bathroom. It helps a lot. I have my weighing machine right here. We are We are We are 167bs. So, I was like 192 before I gave 167bs. So, I was like 192 before I gave 167bs. So, I was like 192 before I gave birth. And even the 192, it was like birth. And even the 192, it was like birth. And even the 192, it was like maybe a week before I gave birth. Those maybe a week before I gave birth. Those maybe a week before I gave birth. Those last few days of like before I gave last few days of like before I gave last few days of like before I gave birth, oh my god, I was like swelling up birth, oh my god, I was like swelling up birth, oh my god, I was like swelling up like a balloon. So, it might have even like a balloon. So, it might have even like a balloon. So, it might have even been over 192. But 192US been over 192. But 192US been over 192. But 192US 167, it's about 25 lb that I have lost 167, it's about 25 lb that I have lost 167, it's about 25 lb that I have lost just in having the baby, swelling, just in having the baby, swelling, just in having the baby, swelling, fluids, and all of the extra stuff. So, fluids, and all of the extra stuff. So, fluids, and all of the extra stuff. So, which is not bad. We are 167. My weight which is not bad. We are 167. My weight which is not bad. We are 167. My weight before giving birth was 144. So, before before giving birth was 144. So, before before giving birth was 144. So, before I even got pregnant, I was already I even got pregnant, I was already I even got pregnant, I was already trying to not gain weight, but I was trying to not gain weight, but I was trying to not gain weight, but I was trying not actively lose weight because trying not actively lose weight because trying not actively lose weight because I was trying to get pregnant. So, I had I was trying to get pregnant. So, I had I was trying to get pregnant. So, I had already gained from like 135 to 144, already gained from like 135 to 144, already gained from like 135 to 144, like a solid 8 to 10 lbs in the 3 months like a solid 8 to 10 lbs in the 3 months like a solid 8 to 10 lbs in the 3 months leading up to when I got pregnant leading up to when I got pregnant leading up to when I got pregnant because like I didn't want to put my because like I didn't want to put my because like I didn't want to put my body in stress. I wanted it to have like body in stress. I wanted it to have like body in stress. I wanted it to have like good food, nutrients, blah blah blah good food, nutrients, blah blah blah good food, nutrients, blah blah blah blah. So, I now just I'll be happy at blah. So, I now just I'll be happy at blah. So, I now just I'll be happy at like 145, you know what I mean? So, like 145, you know what I mean? So, like 145, you know what I mean? So, another it would be another 20 lbs. Am I another it would be another 20 lbs. Am I another it would be another 20 lbs. Am I dumb? But I still have four more weeks dumb? But I still have four more weeks dumb? But I still have four more weeks of proper healing. So, I'm definitely of proper healing. So, I'm definitely of proper healing. So, I'm definitely going to take advantage of that. I I'm going to take advantage of that. I I'm going to take advantage of that. I I'm going to start going for walks because going to start going for walks because going to start going for walks because you guys are going to die at my step you guys are going to die at my step you guys are going to die at my step count. Oh my god. I don't know if you count. Oh my god. I don't know if you count. Oh my god. I don't know if you can see, but it's all red. Like today, can see, but it's all red. Like today, can see, but it's all red. Like today, it's only tracked 345 steps, which my it's only tracked 345 steps, which my it's only tracked 345 steps, which my phone is down and I'm not moving around phone is down and I'm not moving around phone is down and I'm not moving around that much, but that much, but that much, but yikes. yikes. yikes. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. Okay guys, we're doing a mini mommy Okay guys, we're doing a mini mommy Okay guys, we're doing a mini mommy makeover today. So, take a good look at makeover today. So, take a good look at makeover today. So, take a good look at this hair. I haven't dyed my hair since this hair. I haven't dyed my hair since this hair. I haven't dyed my hair since November of 2024. Like when we went to November of 2024. Like when we went to November of 2024. Like when we went to Pakistan, the entire family. And since Pakistan, the entire family. And since Pakistan, the entire family. And since then, that's why you guys see a lot of then, that's why you guys see a lot of then, that's why you guys see a lot of like white hair in my hair as well. So, like white hair in my hair as well. So, like white hair in my hair as well. So, take a good look at this hair. But I'm take a good look at this hair. But I'm take a good look at this hair. But I'm here at Senna's mom's salon. If you guys here at Senna's mom's salon. If you guys here at Senna's mom's salon. If you guys don't know, I'm going to tag her don't know, I'm going to tag her don't know, I'm going to tag her Instagram here. She's genuinely after so Instagram here. She's genuinely after so Instagram here. She's genuinely after so many years of brands and paid things many years of brands and paid things many years of brands and paid things ruining my hair. She's genuinely the ruining my hair. She's genuinely the ruining my hair. She's genuinely the only one that I trust on starting this only one that I trust on starting this only one that I trust on starting this hair journey, but like very slowly. So, hair journey, but like very slowly. So, hair journey, but like very slowly. So, what we're going to try to do is just what we're going to try to do is just what we're going to try to do is just add some what are they called? Low add some what are they called? Low add some what are they called? Low lights. Like just a little bit of lights. Like just a little bit of lights. Like just a little bit of lightness here. Maybe lighten the bangs lightness here. Maybe lighten the bangs lightness here. Maybe lighten the bangs a little bit. And then maybe in 2 months a little bit. And then maybe in 2 months a little bit. And then maybe in 2 months I'll come back and then we'll start the I'll come back and then we'll start the I'll come back and then we'll start the lightening process. I don't want to be lightening process. I don't want to be lightening process. I don't want to be like a bleach blonde or anything like like a bleach blonde or anything like like a bleach blonde or anything like that. But I just want I don't know, that. But I just want I don't know, that. But I just want I don't know, something new and fresh. Like I said, something new and fresh. Like I said, something new and fresh. Like I said, and Addios knows how to do it really and Addios knows how to do it really and Addios knows how to do it really well. So, I don't think I'm not going to well. So, I don't think I'm not going to well. So, I don't think I'm not going to do a haircut cuz you guys know I just do a haircut cuz you guys know I just do a haircut cuz you guys know I just recently got a haircut, but I'm really recently got a haircut, but I'm really recently got a haircut, but I'm really excited. So, let's do this. Oh my god. It's literally exactly what I Oh my god. It's literally exactly what I Oh my god. It's literally exactly what I asked for. just like something subtle. asked for. just like something subtle. asked for. just like something subtle. I'm going to put makeup on and do like I'm going to put makeup on and do like I'm going to put makeup on and do like the final look. Mass is here to pick me the final look. Mass is here to pick me the final look. Mass is here to pick me up. So, I'll talk to you guys at home. up. So, I'll talk to you guys at home. up. So, I'll talk to you guys at home. Guys, we stopped at Shoppers and look Guys, we stopped at Shoppers and look Guys, we stopped at Shoppers and look what I found. I'm in my pantry right what I found. I'm in my pantry right what I found. I'm in my pantry right now. Okay. And I thought cuz usually now. Okay. And I thought cuz usually now. Okay. And I thought cuz usually Canada doesn't get all the new releases, Canada doesn't get all the new releases, Canada doesn't get all the new releases, especially like food stuff. But look especially like food stuff. But look especially like food stuff. But look what I found. It is KD ramen. So, I got what I found. It is KD ramen. So, I got what I found. It is KD ramen. So, I got all three flavors. So, I got extra all three flavors. So, I got extra all three flavors. So, I got extra cheesy. I got extra spicy. And this one cheesy. I got extra spicy. And this one cheesy. I got extra spicy. And this one is just plain cheesy. And we already is just plain cheesy. And we already is just plain cheesy. And we already know I'm going to try the extra spicy. know I'm going to try the extra spicy. know I'm going to try the extra spicy. And I'm really excited. So, yeah. I'm so And I'm really excited. So, yeah. I'm so And I'm really excited. So, yeah. I'm so [snorts] excited cuz if it's I like [snorts] excited cuz if it's I like [snorts] excited cuz if it's I like regular KD, you know me, I'm just like a regular KD, you know me, I'm just like a regular KD, you know me, I'm just like a not I don't know if you guys know me, not I don't know if you guys know me, not I don't know if you guys know me, but sometimes you just want girl dinner but sometimes you just want girl dinner but sometimes you just want girl dinner and a basic craft dinner is just what I and a basic craft dinner is just what I and a basic craft dinner is just what I want. So, how do we make this? Probably want. So, how do we make this? Probably want. So, how do we make this? Probably the regular the regular the regular instructions. instructions. instructions. Open here for instructions. Tada. Let's see. Remove the lid. Add Tada. Let's see. Remove the lid. Add Tada. Let's see. Remove the lid. Add water and microwave. water and microwave. water and microwave. Stir in the cheese and seasoning. Stir in the cheese and seasoning. Stir in the cheese and seasoning. All right. All right. All right. Pretty easy. Let's have it. Especially Pretty easy. Let's have it. Especially Pretty easy. Let's have it. Especially cuz Massu is not home and he doesn't cuz Massu is not home and he doesn't cuz Massu is not home and he doesn't need to know that I'm having just Katie need to know that I'm having just Katie need to know that I'm having just Katie for dinner because he wants me to always for dinner because he wants me to always for dinner because he wants me to always have more protein. I'm just not in the have more protein. I'm just not in the have more protein. I'm just not in the mood for protein these days. Okay. mood for protein these days. Okay. mood for protein these days. Okay. Remove lid fully pouches. Okay. Just looks like the plain ramen Okay. Just looks like the plain ramen Okay. Just looks like the plain ramen noodles. noodles. noodles. And where are we going to fill it until? And where are we going to fill it until? And where are we going to fill it until? Do not Do not Do not fill over the line. What is the fill fill over the line. What is the fill fill over the line. What is the fill line? I'm confused. line? I'm confused. line? I'm confused. Okay, it's fine. My mom's watching Baby Okay, it's fine. My mom's watching Baby Okay, it's fine. My mom's watching Baby Reindeer. Okay, I think that's good. I think Okay, I think that's good. I think Okay, I think that's good. I think that's the fill line. And now we're that's the fill line. And now we're that's the fill line. And now we're going to put it in for 4 minutes. going to put it in for 4 minutes. going to put it in for 4 minutes. Actually, we'll do 3 and 1/2 minutes Actually, we'll do 3 and 1/2 minutes Actually, we'll do 3 and 1/2 minutes because times vary. because times vary. because times vary. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 3 minutes 30 seconds start 3 minutes 30 seconds start 3 minutes 30 seconds start right and then we just mix in the cheese right and then we just mix in the cheese right and then we just mix in the cheese seasonings and we're done. I should have seasonings and we're done. I should have seasonings and we're done. I should have made this on the stove cuz I usually made this on the stove cuz I usually made this on the stove cuz I usually make regular KD on the stove but it's make regular KD on the stove but it's make regular KD on the stove but it's fine. We're going to just try the way fine. We're going to just try the way fine. We're going to just try the way that it's meant to be. These are the that it's meant to be. These are the that it's meant to be. These are the little packets. I think this is like the little packets. I think this is like the little packets. I think this is like the spice and this is the cheese. Okay, I'm spice and this is the cheese. Okay, I'm spice and this is the cheese. Okay, I'm going to pair this with a mango juice. going to pair this with a mango juice. going to pair this with a mango juice. If there's a better mango juice than If there's a better mango juice than If there's a better mango juice than this, let me know. But that one is my this, let me know. But that one is my this, let me know. But that one is my favorite. Okay, it is hot. it is hot. it is hot. All right, let's add in our seasonings. Oh yeah. I mean, it definitely looks better on I mean, it definitely looks better on I mean, it definitely looks better on the packet, but we'll see. Okay. It's a little hard to mix. touch. >> Yeah. 6 out of 10. I wouldn't get it >> Yeah. 6 out of 10. I wouldn't get it >> Yeah. 6 out of 10. I wouldn't get it again. Actually, I take that rating back again. Actually, I take that rating back again. Actually, I take that rating back in our house or especially me and my in our house or especially me and my in our house or especially me and my younger brother, we rate things either a younger brother, we rate things either a younger brother, we rate things either a zero or a one, which means zero being zero or a one, which means zero being zero or a one, which means zero being you wouldn't go to this restaurant again you wouldn't go to this restaurant again you wouldn't go to this restaurant again or you would have it again and one being or you would have it again and one being or you would have it again and one being you would. Does that make sense? And you would. Does that make sense? And you would. Does that make sense? And zero, I'm going to rate this zero cuz I zero, I'm going to rate this zero cuz I zero, I'm going to rate this zero cuz I would not have it again cuz Yeah. So, would not have it again cuz Yeah. So, would not have it again cuz Yeah. So, no. Good morning. We're going to make no. Good morning. We're going to make no. Good morning. We're going to make Turkish eggs today for breakfast. Turkish eggs today for breakfast. Turkish eggs today for breakfast. So, I got to just take out everything. Okay. Water on boil. Okay. Okay. Bring your water to a boil. And Okay. Bring your water to a boil. And Okay. Bring your water to a boil. And now the yogurt. Going to finally chop up like half a Going to finally chop up like half a Going to finally chop up like half a clove. Chop up the garlic as finely as you can. Put in the garlic. Some dill. Mix that in. Salt, pepper there. That's our base. Now we just make the That's our base. Now we just make the That's our base. Now we just make the eggs. Okay. eggs. Okay. eggs. Okay. Wait for it to come to like we're Wait for it to come to like we're Wait for it to come to like we're [clears throat] going to do poached [clears throat] going to do poached [clears throat] going to do poached [music] eggs. So, a rolling boil, but [music] eggs. So, a rolling boil, but [music] eggs. So, a rolling boil, but then you got to bring it back down so then you got to bring it back down so then you got to bring it back down so it's not hardcore rolling. [music] it's not hardcore rolling. [music] it's not hardcore rolling. [music] And then in another pan, we're going to And then in another pan, we're going to And then in another pan, we're going to melt butter with some tomatoes and a melt butter with some tomatoes and a melt butter with some tomatoes and a little bit of chili flakes. And you're little bit of chili flakes. And you're little bit of chili flakes. And you're going to need going to need going to need a sifter like this. a sifter like this. a sifter like this. Okay. Little bit of butter. Little bit of oil. Little bit of oil. Little bit of oil. Let that melt. Let that melt. Let that melt. And then I'm just going to chop up some And then I'm just going to chop up some And then I'm just going to chop up some tomatoes and put them in there to get tomatoes and put them in there to get tomatoes and put them in there to get like blistered. And now the water. I'm like blistered. And now the water. I'm like blistered. And now the water. I'm going to going to going to bring it to back down to like a simmer, bring it to back down to like a simmer, bring it to back down to like a simmer, not like a crazy boil. And then we're not like a crazy boil. And then we're not like a crazy boil. And then we're [music] going to start our eggs. So, [music] going to start our eggs. So, [music] going to start our eggs. So, we're going to do two eggs at a time. we're going to do two eggs at a time. we're going to do two eggs at a time. And you want to sift it And you want to sift it And you want to sift it because that watery part [music] of the because that watery part [music] of the because that watery part [music] of the egg is going to make your water for the egg is going to make your water for the egg is going to make your water for the poached eggs all like streaky and runny. poached eggs all like streaky and runny. poached eggs all like streaky and runny. So, just sift it into here. So, just sift it into here. So, just sift it into here. And once it's all gone through, just And once it's all gone through, just And once it's all gone through, just transfer it to another another bowl. transfer it to another another bowl. transfer it to another another bowl. That's one. And okay, I'm going to wait for these to get okay, I'm going to wait for these to get okay, I'm going to wait for these to get blistered up. blistered up. blistered up. I'm also going to put in my chili I'm also going to put in my chili I'm also going to put in my chili flakes. Okay, before I cook the eggs, I always place before I cook the eggs, I always place before I cook the eggs, I always place the yogurt the yogurt the yogurt on it, the plate, because as soon as the on it, the plate, because as soon as the on it, the plate, because as soon as the eggs are cooked, you just transfer it on eggs are cooked, you just transfer it on eggs are cooked, you just transfer it on here. See? Okay, let's make these poached eggs. Okay, let's make these poached eggs. Okay, let's make these poached eggs. This is the hard part. You're going to make a swirl. I haven't done this in like 9 months, so I haven't done this in like 9 months, so I haven't done this in like 9 months, so they might go bad, but we'll see. Swirl and drop. Another swirl and drop. and drop. and drop. Very good. And keep swirling. Okay, it only takes about like almost 2 Okay, it only takes about like almost 2 Okay, it only takes about like almost 2 minutes. You don't want them to get minutes. You don't want them to get minutes. You don't want them to get obviously too hard. I don't know how to make sure that I don't know how to make sure that I don't know how to make sure that they're done, but I can see like the they're done, but I can see like the they're done, but I can see like the whites are still a little jiggly. whites are still a little jiggly. whites are still a little jiggly. So, So, So, like this one like this one like this one could possibly be done. Oh no, I broke could possibly be done. Oh no, I broke could possibly be done. Oh no, I broke it. it. it. I'll just hold it here. Okay. And what I I'll just hold it here. Okay. And what I I'll just hold it here. Okay. And what I like to do is I like to break the yolk like to do is I like to break the yolk like to do is I like to break the yolk like this. like this. like this. Okay. And then Okay. And then Okay. And then put on all of this tomato sauce. There we go. There we go. There we go. That is my breakfast. That is my breakfast. That is my breakfast. Now I'm just going to make it one more Now I'm just going to make it one more Now I'm just going to make it one more time for my mom and my sud. time for my mom and my sud. time for my mom and my sud. Have some chai. And that's it. All Have some chai. And that's it. All Have some chai. And that's it. All right, guys. You guys already know the right, guys. You guys already know the right, guys. You guys already know the drill. You don't know if you truly love drill. You don't know if you truly love drill. You don't know if you truly love your new hair until you do your makeup. your new hair until you do your makeup. your new hair until you do your makeup. So, I am going to do my makeup So, I am going to do my makeup So, I am going to do my makeup quickly. I do already love it though. quickly. I do already love it though. quickly. I do already love it though. It's actually like exactly the inspo It's actually like exactly the inspo It's actually like exactly the inspo photos I wanted, but I do want to see photos I wanted, but I do want to see photos I wanted, but I do want to see how it looks with makeup on, too. how it looks with makeup on, too. how it looks with makeup on, too. Quickly do my eyebrows. I usually mix Quickly do my eyebrows. I usually mix Quickly do my eyebrows. I usually mix these two together, but today, because these two together, but today, because these two together, but today, because I'm in a rush, I'm only going to do the I'm in a rush, I'm only going to do the I'm in a rush, I'm only going to do the L'Oreal one. Also, while I'm here, I just wanted to Also, while I'm here, I just wanted to Also, while I'm here, I just wanted to say a quick thank you to every single say a quick thank you to every single say a quick thank you to every single one of you that has shown love and one of you that has shown love and one of you that has shown love and support for my birth story. And support for my birth story. And support for my birth story. And honestly, reading everybody's comments, honestly, reading everybody's comments, honestly, reading everybody's comments, I've learned so much with the condition I've learned so much with the condition I've learned so much with the condition or whatever happened to me, I learned or whatever happened to me, I learned or whatever happened to me, I learned more through the comment section than I more through the comment section than I more through the comment section than I was basically told at the hospital. So, was basically told at the hospital. So, was basically told at the hospital. So, now I feel like I have a good idea of now I feel like I have a good idea of now I feel like I have a good idea of like when my next appointment is or my like when my next appointment is or my like when my next appointment is or my next checkup is. I have a good idea of next checkup is. I have a good idea of next checkup is. I have a good idea of like everything I want to ask them in like everything I want to ask them in like everything I want to ask them in terms of like what happened with me and terms of like what happened with me and terms of like what happened with me and stuff. I'm also I'm going to try my best stuff. I'm also I'm going to try my best stuff. I'm also I'm going to try my best to not talk about this so often and make to not talk about this so often and make to not talk about this so often and make just every single video about obviously just every single video about obviously just every single video about obviously the goal is to heal and move forward. So the goal is to heal and move forward. So the goal is to heal and move forward. So I will just give you guys updates here I will just give you guys updates here I will just give you guys updates here and there on anything new I figure out and there on anything new I figure out and there on anything new I figure out what with what's going on. But I also what with what's going on. But I also what with what's going on. But I also know that not everybody wants to hear know that not everybody wants to hear know that not everybody wants to hear about this all the time. So, we will about this all the time. So, we will about this all the time. So, we will also try to go back to regular content also try to go back to regular content also try to go back to regular content and you know, I can raise awareness here and you know, I can raise awareness here and you know, I can raise awareness here and there about what happened with me and there about what happened with me and there about what happened with me just so any other pregnant women can just so any other pregnant women can just so any other pregnant women can maybe if you feel like what happened to maybe if you feel like what happened to maybe if you feel like what happened to me is the issue that you're going to me is the issue that you're going to me is the issue that you're going to have, you can just get it checked from have, you can just get it checked from have, you can just get it checked from your doctor. You know what I mean? So, your doctor. You know what I mean? So, your doctor. You know what I mean? So, if you've been watching my last few if you've been watching my last few if you've been watching my last few videos, my favorite thing to do right videos, my favorite thing to do right videos, my favorite thing to do right now is like basically like a reverse now is like basically like a reverse now is like basically like a reverse makeup tutorial, which is I start with makeup tutorial, which is I start with makeup tutorial, which is I start with contour, then I do my blush, and then I contour, then I do my blush, and then I contour, then I do my blush, and then I do my concealer and foundation. And I do my concealer and foundation. And I do my concealer and foundation. And I feel like if you're going for like an feel like if you're going for like an feel like if you're going for like an everyday makeup look, it just helps not everyday makeup look, it just helps not everyday makeup look, it just helps not make everything look so heavy. And it's make everything look so heavy. And it's make everything look so heavy. And it's really fast. So, normally I use my really fast. So, normally I use my really fast. So, normally I use my Makeup Forever skin tint. This I love so Makeup Forever skin tint. This I love so Makeup Forever skin tint. This I love so much because it's an actual skin tint. much because it's an actual skin tint. much because it's an actual skin tint. So many skin tints out there in the So many skin tints out there in the So many skin tints out there in the market. it might as well just be market. it might as well just be market. it might as well just be marketed as like a full coverage marketed as like a full coverage marketed as like a full coverage foundation. You know what I mean? But foundation. You know what I mean? But foundation. You know what I mean? But this one, it just gives you a little bit this one, it just gives you a little bit this one, it just gives you a little bit of coverage. But today, I'm going to use of coverage. But today, I'm going to use of coverage. But today, I'm going to use something with more coverage. What else, guys? I these lashes lasted What else, guys? I these lashes lasted What else, guys? I these lashes lasted me so long, but I don't know if I've me so long, but I don't know if I've me so long, but I don't know if I've asked you already, but if you have any asked you already, but if you have any asked you already, but if you have any recommendations on lash cluster glues recommendations on lash cluster glues recommendations on lash cluster glues that you love and that last a long time, that you love and that last a long time, that you love and that last a long time, please let me know. Cuz currently I'm please let me know. Cuz currently I'm please let me know. Cuz currently I'm just using this one that I got on just using this one that I got on just using this one that I got on Amazon. It's okay, but I know that Amazon. It's okay, but I know that Amazon. It's okay, but I know that there's probably like a much better one there's probably like a much better one there's probably like a much better one out there. And I have been enjoying out there. And I have been enjoying out there. And I have been enjoying having these lashes on because I'm just having these lashes on because I'm just having these lashes on because I'm just not putting on makeup every single day. not putting on makeup every single day. not putting on makeup every single day. Um, so it just makes sense Um, so it just makes sense Um, so it just makes sense for me to have the lashes on. I just for me to have the lashes on. I just for me to have the lashes on. I just feel a little better, you know, like feel a little better, you know, like feel a little better, you know, like more like myself. I did my own lash more like myself. I did my own lash more like myself. I did my own lash clusters and that's what I've been doing clusters and that's what I've been doing clusters and that's what I've been doing like since I got home from the hospital like since I got home from the hospital like since I got home from the hospital cuz it's so convenient and easy and I'm cuz it's so convenient and easy and I'm cuz it's so convenient and easy and I'm not wearing makeup on a daily basis. not wearing makeup on a daily basis. not wearing makeup on a daily basis. That concealer is too light. I am That concealer is too light. I am That concealer is too light. I am literally literally literally I'm literally so nervous for postpartum. I'm literally so nervous for postpartum. I'm literally so nervous for postpartum. I know I'm [snorts] still like I know I'm [snorts] still like I know I'm [snorts] still like only 3 weeks, but how my body and mind only 3 weeks, but how my body and mind only 3 weeks, but how my body and mind is going to react to it. So, I've been is going to react to it. So, I've been is going to react to it. So, I've been trying to like as much as I can like get trying to like as much as I can like get trying to like as much as I can like get some fresh air whenever I'm able to. But some fresh air whenever I'm able to. But some fresh air whenever I'm able to. But obviously, I'm still really healing from obviously, I'm still really healing from obviously, I'm still really healing from all of the trauma, so I can't push all of the trauma, so I can't push all of the trauma, so I can't push myself that much. But I'll tell you guys myself that much. But I'll tell you guys myself that much. But I'll tell you guys when my hair starts falling out. I am when my hair starts falling out. I am when my hair starts falling out. I am still taking my prenatal vitamins still taking my prenatal vitamins still taking my prenatal vitamins because everybody says like continue because everybody says like continue because everybody says like continue taking your vitamins because especially taking your vitamins because especially taking your vitamins because especially if you're like breastfeeding, you're if you're like breastfeeding, you're if you're like breastfeeding, you're going to be losing a lot of nutrients in going to be losing a lot of nutrients in going to be losing a lot of nutrients in your system. But also, I don't think I'm your system. But also, I don't think I'm your system. But also, I don't think I'm having like I don't think I'm like having like I don't think I'm like having like I don't think I'm like giving myself enough nutrients. I'll be giving myself enough nutrients. I'll be giving myself enough nutrients. I'll be honest. I I haven't been feeling hungry honest. I I haven't been feeling hungry honest. I I haven't been feeling hungry even though everyone says like when even though everyone says like when even though everyone says like when you're breastfeeding you feel so hungry you're breastfeeding you feel so hungry you're breastfeeding you feel so hungry all the time. And I almost feel like I all the time. And I almost feel like I all the time. And I almost feel like I have to force myself to eat. So, I don't have to force myself to eat. So, I don't have to force myself to eat. So, I don't know if that's going to change. And I know if that's going to change. And I know if that's going to change. And I just Yeah, I I just know I'm not giving just Yeah, I I just know I'm not giving just Yeah, I I just know I'm not giving myself enough nutrients. I just know it. myself enough nutrients. I just know it. myself enough nutrients. I just know it. So, I'm trying to figure out like how to So, I'm trying to figure out like how to So, I'm trying to figure out like how to do this. I don't know. There's just so do this. I don't know. There's just so do this. I don't know. There's just so much on my plate. Like, you have to keep much on my plate. Like, you have to keep much on my plate. Like, you have to keep your baby alive and then you got to also your baby alive and then you got to also your baby alive and then you got to also try to keep yourself alive. And try to keep yourself alive. And try to keep yourself alive. And keeping myself alive is very hard. Like, keeping myself alive is very hard. Like, keeping myself alive is very hard. Like, I don't know what to feed myself. And I don't know what to feed myself. And I don't know what to feed myself. And it's just like, you know, when you have it's just like, you know, when you have it's just like, you know, when you have decision fatigue, it's just like so much decision fatigue, it's just like so much decision fatigue, it's just like so much that I have to I feel like on my mind that I have to I feel like on my mind that I have to I feel like on my mind already that already that already that the last thing I want to focus on is the last thing I want to focus on is the last thing I want to focus on is myself, which isn't good. I know you're myself, which isn't good. I know you're myself, which isn't good. I know you're supposed to focus on yourself more supposed to focus on yourself more supposed to focus on yourself more because if you're healthy and happy, because if you're healthy and happy, because if you're healthy and happy, everyone around you is healthy and everyone around you is healthy and everyone around you is healthy and happy. You know what I'm saying? happy. You know what I'm saying? happy. You know what I'm saying? Especially if you're the mom, but Especially if you're the mom, but Especially if you're the mom, but I'm also It's still pretty fresh. Cute. I'm also It's still pretty fresh. Cute. I'm also It's still pretty fresh. Cute. I think that's good. I don't want to do I think that's good. I don't want to do I think that's good. I don't want to do like anything too crazy for lips. We're like anything too crazy for lips. We're like anything too crazy for lips. We're just going to do I have so much new just going to do I have so much new just going to do I have so much new makeup, guys, that I should be trying, makeup, guys, that I should be trying, makeup, guys, that I should be trying, but it's all in that box behind me and but it's all in that box behind me and but it's all in that box behind me and just taking it out is like stressful for just taking it out is like stressful for just taking it out is like stressful for me for some reason. Like I said, me for some reason. Like I said, me for some reason. Like I said, decision fatigue or whatever it is. decision fatigue or whatever it is. decision fatigue or whatever it is. Um, so I just don't even bother. Um, so I just don't even bother. Um, so I just don't even bother. Where is my sharpener? Here it is. Lips. We're just going to do my it is. Lips. We're just going to do my it is. Lips. We're just going to do my usual Makeup Forever Makeup Talk usual Makeup Forever Makeup Talk usual Makeup Forever Makeup Talk and YSL lip blusher in number 44. It's and YSL lip blusher in number 44. It's and YSL lip blusher in number 44. It's literally the prettiest pink combination literally the prettiest pink combination literally the prettiest pink combination ever. ever. ever. Okay, we're going to keep it at this. Okay, we're going to keep it at this. Okay, we're going to keep it at this. Now, I'm just going to fix my hair a Now, I'm just going to fix my hair a Now, I'm just going to fix my hair a little bit because I did sleep in it. I little bit because I did sleep in it. I little bit because I did sleep in it. I got this done yesterday, so we'll fix it got this done yesterday, so we'll fix it got this done yesterday, so we'll fix it up. Where does this hair go? Where does this hair go? Where does this hair go? Okay, there you go. I don't know if I'm going to Maybe I I don't know if I'm going to Maybe I I don't know if I'm going to Maybe I should just take like a round brush. should just take like a round brush. should just take like a round brush. What should I do? What should I do? What should I do? Right. Maybe I'll take like a round Right. Maybe I'll take like a round Right. Maybe I'll take like a round brush and just brush and just brush and just I don't know. Oh, should I do a round I don't know. Oh, should I do a round I don't know. Oh, should I do a round brush or like a straightener? brush or like a straightener? brush or like a straightener? I don't know what to do. Okay, let's do I don't know what to do. Okay, let's do I don't know what to do. Okay, let's do a round brush. Okay. No, guys. I don't know how to do my hair No, guys. I don't know how to do my hair No, guys. I don't know how to do my hair anymore. What's wrong with me? You know anymore. What's wrong with me? You know anymore. What's wrong with me? You know what? I don't care. I'm too lazy. I what? I don't care. I'm too lazy. I what? I don't care. I'm too lazy. I don't want to do my hair right now. I don't want to do my hair right now. I don't want to do my hair right now. I think that's fine, right? How? I think think that's fine, right? How? I think think that's fine, right? How? I think it looks good. I already knew I like the it looks good. I already knew I like the it looks good. I already knew I like the hair, but I mean with makeup, we know we hair, but I mean with makeup, we know we hair, but I mean with makeup, we know we like it even more. So, I'm going to end like it even more. So, I'm going to end like it even more. So, I'm going to end the vlog here cuz at this point, we've the vlog here cuz at this point, we've the vlog here cuz at this point, we've been going for 10 days. I don't even been going for 10 days. I don't even been going for 10 days. I don't even know what I filmed anymore. So, that know what I filmed anymore. So, that know what I filmed anymore. So, that means it's my cue to end it here and means it's my cue to end it here and means it's my cue to end it here and pick back up on the next one. Bye.