Hi guys, welcome back to my channel. Come let's have
fun. How are you all? Chill this is coffee.
We all are drinking this black coffee. And
today is supermarket shopping day. Today we are going to do
special shopping for sister-in-law
because today is also delivery day. Isn't it sister-in-law?
Tell me, tell me something.
Yes, I will get admitted this evening. Hopefully the
delivery will happen today or tomorrow.
No, deliver it tomorrow. [laughter]
Tomorrow, on the 15th of August. You will be
free tomorrow. Will get it.
Yes. [laughs]
But a lot of people did
n't understand who this actually was and whose
baby was coming. Raju, come here.
Yes. So this person is Kavya's brother.
Meaning, he is the eldest son of the elder mother.
And this is Lakshmi. His wife. My
grandson is about to arrive. The
grandson is about to come. Grandson
Kavya is going to become an aunt and Kirti is going to become an
aunt.
So what is special in this today?
Supermarket Shopping Day.
Yes, well done. Come Raju, sit down. Kirti
is the youngest, right? Give him a place to sit.
Yes. This Raju is Kirti's elder brother. He
is the eldest brother. And Kirti
is the youngest sister in their entire family.
Is equal.
Yes. Come on, well done.
Mom, are you leaving? It's going on. It's going on.
Tell me
what is there to think about? We will
go to Lakshmi. Early tomorrow for supermarket
shopping. Later they get admitted. You will be
admitted.
We will make Lakshmi sit inside the trolley.
Look, our Ruppali Tai is banging the utensils.
Hey, play the utensils and throw them away. [laughter]
Bitter
is bitter.
That's Brazilian coffee. I haven't
played chess at all. Come on guys, look we are
ready and have left
for the supermarket shopping and Papa just
told us at home that we are going to do a challenge,
what challenge we are going to do, only
Papa will tell you what the challenge will be, but it is going to be
very interesting, so you
guys watch the video till the end, here is our
mother Shri, she has turned around, it means you
love me, does love happen by turning around,
my mother is looking so beautiful.
Wow. Earlier mom wore a different dress.
We have got the change done. This looks more beautiful.
Guys, look, I will
reach the supermarket in a jiffy.
Look guys, we have magically reached the
supermarket. Let's go. Now let's go
inside and start shopping.
Tell us what the challenge is. The
challenge is that today we have to do
all the shopping within Rs 15,000 and that too only the
necessary things.
What? For just Rs 15,000.
Ok. Yes.
And two trolleys will be full.
Necessary things will be available, is there any
time limit too, there is no
time limit,
sugar, right now
we will just think about what
things we have to buy, come and see, first of all
I will start with pulses,
I have bought three packets of moong dal, will you keep looking,
and two packets of masoor dal,
which other pulses do I have to buy, friend. No one will
tell me right now.
Okay, I will tell you, take the shengdana.
I know that Papa because you
take this and one more packet of sago,
ok two packets of sago. I know this. It seems so.
Chickpea lentil. If you are
buying gram dal, take it.
Two packets for making gram flour.
And take it. Take it as per your wish. How much to
take?
And take gram flour also. I am taking
jaggery.
Jaggery?
Yes.
What is jaggery to do? Oh, Grandpa seems to want to
make a decoction. Kirti is taking all the household
items. Took salt etc. I will want
more children. We have many
members in the house. There are 10-15 members in our house.
One more member is going to be added.
Come and take four-five packets of salt. Let's move ahead.
What did Tibu pick up?
Tibu should also buy the necessary things.
Yes, come.
Is good. Didn't take chips etc. No no, I am on
diet now. No chips or sips.
No one will eat chips. Right now
we are also looking at brown rice.
Everyone will eat brown rice. Everyone, that is,
me, dad, mom, all three of us are on diet.
Full. Look, I am taking poha. I
took these two packets of poha. Everyone looks forward to breakfast in the morning.
And take this one brown rush.
This one is
Bhujia rice. Don't
want Bhujia.
Hey Bhujia rice.
This is Bhujia. No no, it's
rice.
Yes, yes, that is what is called Bhujia rice.
Bhujia rice. Brown rice means bhujia
rice.
Okay,
this hard one, this one?
Yes.
I don't like tea very much, guys.
Tea is made in our house throughout the day.
Look, our daughter is taking tea.
Ka levat by
tea leaves. I am
taking tea leaves.
Hey, this won't work now.
What is that? The
month of Sawan is still going on.
You can take this after it is over. Then
take it and keep it. Do you want to
take it now? I will come and take it later. Take
asafoetida. Take asafoetida. I will take asafoetida.
Take ginger garlic paste.
Ok.
So guys, there is nothing in this challenge that
mom and dad cannot help with.
They can also help a little. Just the
goods should not go above Rs 15,000. What to take?
Coriander.
Coriander powder? Yes, take it. Take it.
Take Kasuri Methi. Kirti takes the fiery red of Everest.
This one?
Yes.
a packet.
Yes. I will cook it very well and
feed it to you. What? What will you eat?
You can make anything. So, you
can eat this Naaku too and make anything and
eat it
okay look guys
I have also bought gram flour
for gram flour cheela guys if you also go to the gym then
add gram flour cheela in your diet you
get protein from it take
mustard oil for raw food take this one yes yes take
whatever you want take pasta take pasta
for breakfast
you have also become spoiled after coming to the city you also
take pastavaasta
now I have become a city babu so
what have you become Sehri
Babu
Sehri Babu okay
this is Maggi masala to put in the vegetable
take one only one is enough we have plenty at home
we have taken Santdin and this mouth
fry what else is left to buy
Colgate white one which mother and uncle use
down there our
teeth never chatter without it
what is the matter in our house [laughs]
oh tell me the truth I should
not have told the truth without white one
yes no
tell me we make so many recipes at home and there is
no dry chilli. Should I
take this ghee?
Yes, take it, take it.
Ok. I bought this ghee.
Look, I am using this garam masala among the spices.
And this Kitchen King masala and which other
masala should I take? Papa has also started cooking more,
so he is
looking at which spices to buy.
Shravan bastard. Take it, take it.
Hey, Shravan is going on. Later,
oh, we will use it later. But your mother will still
bomb. So take it.
Tandoori Chicken Masala. Guys, I am not
taking makhana right now. Extra, I
love makhana very much. So I will take these three-four packets.
My trolley wasn't overfilled. It should
not happen that Rs 15,000 gets wasted in this. This
trolley is not full. So I will keep this and
bring the new trolley from there.
Look, my trolley arrived before I did. Thank
you. What are you saying? Not even
one of them is true to me. Now I brought another one.
So I bought it quickly.
Friend, I bought it for Rs 15,000.
Yes. Yes, it has to be managed for Rs 15,000.
Pineapple seeds are good, pumpkin seeds are good,
those who want to keep their hair good should
definitely eat pumpkin seeds.
Ok it will be done, it will be done in 15. Guys look
we have reached the beauty section.
From here we will just take shampoo and conditioner.
Here's the shampoo. Here's the conditioner. Kirti, it has been
15 days since you came to our house.
So what do you think
? What is missing in our house? Come on, pick up the
stuff. Whatever you feel is less. Tell me
what should be there in your house? We will see now. There are
all the things related to cleanliness.
Yes.
I will see it now and then tell you.
Look,
first of all you take phenyl.
Not this one, the one below. Should I buy the
pink one? Should I take green or orange?
Take the pink one below. Just
take this big one, not the one below. Should I
take these two?
I know what all is not there in the house. This is what
we will be. We don't even have a harp in our house.
So let's take this three-piece set. Buy
two get one free. Wow. Hey, that harpstick that does
n't stick to the commode, it's not the one. Where did
he go? Maybe he went looking for that. Because of that, there is a
very nice fragrance in the bathroom.
Give me three more of this purple one. Look guys, you
also have to buy washing liquid. You
also have to take this comfort which gives fragrance
and you also have to take that liquid. I will take comfort only.
This is a food item, put it all here. Okay,
put all that here.
Well, I thought what are
you going to take? So I am going to buy devotional items.
Keep it up.
This is it, I will also take an aluminium wrap
and I also have to take sunlight.
I have bought incense sticks.
The sun is up. Should I take
this one?
Yes.
Two with cups.
Yes. When did we buy this when we went to the market?
five six five six. When your
story was going on at your place, many
people used to feel like killing the Paau.
For that, he would not take this ujan throw.
Daily?
Yes. I never take less than 10, yet it gets
over daily. I take
tissue paper and use it for the kitchen.
Yes, this tissue paper is for the kitchen.
Look, we are also buying this dish washing liquid. I will take
this one and two soaps,
mom took the whole packet. There are many utensils
in our house.
Hey, how many members are there in your family?
10 is 12.
10 is not 12. At least, right? It is 15. 15 is
not less than 15. There are
not less than 15 people in our house.
Just can't see it.
I am taking this mirror to clean it.
And look what Kirti is taking? Moti is
buying soap, they take bath on Diwali,
take it from that,
when do we take bath,
in Diwali,
we will take bath now and try it on Diwali,
okay, I thought that if I gave her a budget of Rs. 15000, then
Kavya would leave the essential things and
run away with cosmetics first, but
Kavya did not do that, Kavya kept
buying the essential things only,
yes,
okay, no problem guys, we do not have
brass utensils in our house,
nor is that for rubbing, Bhaiya powder is very good,
Bhaiya powder,
yes [laughs] I have
made Bhaiya's powder,
Bhaiya's powder is also made. Come on,
look at this, we have also taken the mop.
We have not just one but two wipes.
We are two sisters, so there are two mops.
But you should have mopped a little. We have a
maid in our house to mop the floor.
Yes, for him he had told me that whenever you
go, bring a mop.
I will organize the kitchen. So I would not have
taken the spice box. See Kirti,
who cooks the most in the kitchen
? Wow,
thank you very much. No, what is there to thank you for
? I said the right thing, didn't I?
Kirti, who spends the most time in the kitchen
?
Who cooks the most in the kitchen?
You make it. That's
ok. You see, I cook most of the time in the kitchen.
Which one do I use? You
will feel that no one cares about you now, right? Guys,
we are buying pads right now. The most important thing
and this time I am taking Bindass Night.
This is a very nice pad. There is zero leakage
in it.
What do you want? Take it from this. Which
one do you use? I am
telling Kirti, look girls, there is nothing to be shy about.
If you are still shy then
what can I say. I am telling him to try
using this pad
because I have used it and it is very
good. Guys,
I have bought this steel one for grinding ginger and all that stuff. Look, is it right?
Yes, tell me, but will you beat me? Will you start
beating me?
We will beat it. I am getting body wash for Naki.
And moisturizer was a good one
because his hands have become completely
white. How did you see it? If
something like rashes has happened then get her a good
body wash and moisturizer. Look
guys here is a body wash and a moisturizer
this is for Kirti. Aunty had told me about a
cream, I am searching for it here. I have to
buy it for my aunt also. Someone had asked me to add this white stone powder. I'll get
one more
for me too.
I forgot about grandmother. Take
Nani's Fair & Lovely Powder. I
watch Fair & Lovely. Wait here. This is the
formidable Armoric. My grandmother loves it
so I'll get a packet for her.
Not makeup, but cosmetic, here is Clinic Plus, it is being
bought for grandmother
because grandmother uses Clinic Plus.
Yes and grandmother's hair is also so thick,
yes, her grandmother's hair is very long, guys guys,
my budget is only Rs 15,000.
Shop accordingly because if the budget
goes beyond Rs 15,000 then you will have to remove items from
it. Guys, this is an important thing for his elder
mother, that is, for his mother and for my grandmother, that is,
hey friend, it is needed for mother and grandmother because
both of them wear everything so big,
look how much shopping is going on. What did you
bring?
Sugar free. Don't take it.
This is in my house.
Where is this?
So where are the little packets? It is
not green tea.
Not there.
Is?
Open the small packet and put it inside a tea. It
feels dirty. Does
sugar sound good to eat? No, don't take it.
It doesn't seem so. Okay guys,
I have tried it. It really doesn't feel good.
See fish and rice of your choice.
You didn't tell me about the rice of your choice. I do
n't understand anything about rice. He does
n't know the difference between humans. What
difference will this make to the rice?
Papa, please like rice.
I like your mother, that's enough.
Oh my God. Love the rice, man.
We are doing it quietly. So Gama, you came to like it, you are doing
this, you like it,
I like it, guys, I am quietly
taking this chocolate because I like it very much,
this
strawberry one
tastes very good but keep it hidden,
Melody,
this Melody, Modi ji had given this to Melony, he had
given it to Melony, today I am taking it for myself,
eat the Melody chocolate and be happy,
Modi ji chocolate, I am taking the Melody chocolate because of you,
what are you saying,
didi, don't take it otherwise you will be thrown out right now,
tell mom. If mom has taken it then it will
not be taken out.
Look what I'm seeing of my dad.
Nothing, I was just looking, I am not buying it
but if I
buy a chocolate, it will cost ₹15,000.
That dark one? Yes, that is what I want.
Is 50%.
So 50%
and dark take a little bit. Wait. This
is not dark dark.
This is quite big. This is a huge chocolate.
Did you like the rice?
Yes. Did
n't you like the rice?
I did the rice. Now what about the rice? Is
that for making kheer?
Yes.
You took the weapons from both of us. Our
weapon is Vicks and Zandu Balm. I feel this every
night. I said that any
future husband of hers can
make her happy by giving her Zandu Balm. [laughs] She uses so much Zandu
Balm. And our Krishna gets so
irritated with him and so does his father. Whenever I
come to his house, I can smell the fragrance of Zendu balm in my room. I do
n't apply it every day, I
apply it only when I have a headache.
How can someone eat french fries even after dieting
? This will be made in the air fryer. But
I, Kirti and Krishna can eat it.
Mummy is buying Oreos for Chiku Baby
and also buying normal Oreos to
make white Oreo shake. There are no small packets here.
Oreo BTS is also here guys. Look, there is
a biscuit in it
which has BTS written on it. Understood? So
what happens in that BTS? Please
take this one also. I won't eat it but
take it for BTS. Kirti was
saying something about brown rice. Listen to this and
say yes.
What we do first in our village is that we
boil the remaining paddy well.
After that, dry it thoroughly in the sun.
Then when you take out rice from it, you get
rice like this.
Well, what would happen to that? We
get all the vitamins from it. And the
white rice remains,
all its vitamins get removed in the polish. There are
no vitamins in it. So
who should eat this?
Mother makes this food for those who have diabetes or blood pressure.
Yes, well done, well done. Did you see? Kirti
knows that Kirti is going to make brown rice at home. Taking it out
from farming
and what do they say, it is
also a tradition in the village, a day before Diwali. The
day on which Dhanteras was celebrated. Everyone definitely takes out this rice on that day.
Is this trolley also yours?
Yes.
And those two are our own.
And this? It's
mine.
Four trolleys?
Yes. It would
not be 15,000. It does
n't happen. I know that too. See. Please
apply it. For the badge? Yes.
Brown bread.
Yes. I
never ate it myself. You're
getting brown bread for the cat. Wow.
So he also follows our diet.
Yes, I am also putting the cat on a diet.
Look, tell me how much will I make a sandwich and feed it
to you, it will be really tasty.
How much was the bill? How much did it cost? The one with
more than 8000. It
exceeded 8,000. There are still two trolleys
left to empty.
Do one thing, take it for now.
Everyone needs the stuff, right?
Look, it has now become 10,000.
Kirti, tell me how much is the bill going to be?
20,000 plus
yes. It's
just about to reach 15,000 and
this is half the trolley and that's one full trolley left. We
will eat this now, sit and break it, is she
drinking buttermilk or
not, C guys, the bill is Rs 25307.
Where is it 15000, where is it 25000, it is not 25000, it
is 29000
Kirti, see you had said that the piece would
cost 20, I had told you that the piece is ready,
bring it, give it to Kirti and make her wear it, both of us together have done
so much, but
we have bought all the household things for
her like this,
we have bought all the household things, we have
not bought anything which is not useful, okay,
we both took it, but it is completely
empty, now how will we fit all the stuff in the trunk, I do
n't know, look at these so many
things, oh my god, okay, what is that for the baby, from
where will you get it,
Sonali,
bring it, then go,
for Bhabhi, a baby is about to be born, so you
need a feeding gown, so let's get it,
what is there to ask in front, go and get it, come on,
baby, go, you go with them,
you go, no, no, it is
my work, go,
