Hi guys, welcome back to my channel.  Come let's have Hi guys, welcome back to my channel.  Come let's have Hi guys, welcome back to my channel.  Come let's have fun.  How are you all?  Chill this is coffee. fun.  How are you all?  Chill this is coffee. fun.  How are you all?  Chill this is coffee. We all are drinking this black coffee.  And We all are drinking this black coffee.  And We all are drinking this black coffee.  And today is supermarket shopping day.  Today we are going to do today is supermarket shopping day.  Today we are going to do today is supermarket shopping day.  Today we are going to do special shopping for sister-in-law special shopping for sister-in-law special shopping for sister-in-law because today is also delivery day.  Isn't it sister-in-law? because today is also delivery day.  Isn't it sister-in-law? because today is also delivery day.  Isn't it sister-in-law? Tell me, tell me something. Tell me, tell me something. Tell me, tell me something. Yes, I will get admitted this evening.  Hopefully the Yes, I will get admitted this evening.  Hopefully the Yes, I will get admitted this evening.  Hopefully the delivery will happen today or tomorrow. delivery will happen today or tomorrow. delivery will happen today or tomorrow. No, deliver it tomorrow.  [laughter] No, deliver it tomorrow.  [laughter] No, deliver it tomorrow.  [laughter] Tomorrow, on the 15th of August. Tomorrow, on the 15th of August. Tomorrow, on the 15th of August. Tomorrow, on the 15th of August.   You will be Tomorrow, on the 15th of August.   You will be Tomorrow, on the 15th of August.   You will be free tomorrow.   Will get it. free tomorrow.   Will get it. Yes.  [laughs] Yes.  [laughs] Yes.  [laughs] But a lot of people did But a lot of people did But a lot of people did n't understand who this actually was and whose n't understand who this actually was and whose n't understand who this actually was and whose baby was coming.  Raju, come here. baby was coming.  Raju, come here. baby was coming.  Raju, come here. Yes.  So this person is Kavya's brother. Yes.  So this person is Kavya's brother. Yes.  So this person is Kavya's brother. Meaning, he is the eldest son of the elder mother. Meaning, he is the eldest son of the elder mother. Meaning, he is the eldest son of the elder mother. And this is Lakshmi.  His wife.  My And this is Lakshmi.  His wife.  My And this is Lakshmi.  His wife.  My grandson is about to arrive.   The grandson is about to arrive.   The grandson is about to arrive.   The grandson is about to come.  Grandson grandson is about to come.  Grandson grandson is about to come.  Grandson Kavya is going to become an aunt and Kirti is going to become an Kavya is going to become an aunt and Kirti is going to become an Kavya is going to become an aunt and Kirti is going to become an aunt. aunt. aunt. So what is special in this today? So what is special in this today? So what is special in this today? Supermarket Shopping Day. Supermarket Shopping Day. Supermarket Shopping Day. Yes, well done.  Come Raju, sit down.  Kirti Yes, well done.  Come Raju, sit down.  Kirti Yes, well done.  Come Raju, sit down.  Kirti is the youngest, right?  Give him a place to sit. is the youngest, right?  Give him a place to sit. is the youngest, right?  Give him a place to sit. Yes.  This Raju is Kirti's elder brother.  He Yes.  This Raju is Kirti's elder brother.  He Yes.  This Raju is Kirti's elder brother.  He is the eldest brother.  And Kirti is the eldest brother.  And Kirti is the eldest brother.  And Kirti is the youngest sister in their entire family. is the youngest sister in their entire family. is the youngest sister in their entire family. Is equal. Is equal. Is equal. Yes.  Come on, well done. Yes.  Come on, well done. Yes.  Come on, well done. Mom, are you leaving?  It's going on.  It's going on. Mom, are you leaving?  It's going on.  It's going on. Mom, are you leaving?  It's going on.  It's going on. Tell me Tell me Tell me what is there to think about?   We will what is there to think about?   We will what is there to think about?   We will go to Lakshmi.  Early tomorrow for supermarket go to Lakshmi.  Early tomorrow for supermarket go to Lakshmi.  Early tomorrow for supermarket shopping.  Later they get admitted.   You will be shopping.  Later they get admitted.   You will be shopping.  Later they get admitted.   You will be admitted. admitted. admitted. We will make Lakshmi sit inside the trolley. We will make Lakshmi sit inside the trolley. We will make Lakshmi sit inside the trolley. Look, our Ruppali Tai is banging the utensils. Look, our Ruppali Tai is banging the utensils. Look, our Ruppali Tai is banging the utensils. Hey, play the utensils and throw them away.  [laughter] Hey, play the utensils and throw them away.  [laughter] Hey, play the utensils and throw them away.  [laughter] Bitter Bitter Bitter is bitter. is bitter. is bitter. That's Brazilian coffee.   I haven't That's Brazilian coffee.   I haven't That's Brazilian coffee.   I haven't played chess at all.  Come on guys, look we are played chess at all.  Come on guys, look we are played chess at all.  Come on guys, look we are ready and have left ready and have left ready and have left for the supermarket shopping and Papa just for the supermarket shopping and Papa just for the supermarket shopping and Papa just told us at home that we are going to do a challenge, told us at home that we are going to do a challenge, told us at home that we are going to do a challenge, what challenge we are going to do, only what challenge we are going to do, only what challenge we are going to do, only Papa will tell you what the challenge will be, but it is going to be Papa will tell you what the challenge will be, but it is going to be Papa will tell you what the challenge will be, but it is going to be very interesting, so you very interesting, so you very interesting, so you guys watch the video till the end, here is our guys watch the video till the end, here is our guys watch the video till the end, here is our mother Shri, she has turned around, it means you mother Shri, she has turned around, it means you mother Shri, she has turned around, it means you love me, does love happen by turning around, love me, does love happen by turning around, love me, does love happen by turning around, my mother is looking so beautiful. my mother is looking so beautiful. my mother is looking so beautiful. Wow.  Earlier mom wore a different dress. Wow.  Earlier mom wore a different dress. Wow.  Earlier mom wore a different dress. We have got the change done.  This looks more beautiful. We have got the change done.  This looks more beautiful. We have got the change done.  This looks more beautiful. Guys, look, I will Guys, look, I will Guys, look, I will reach the supermarket in a jiffy. reach the supermarket in a jiffy. reach the supermarket in a jiffy. Look guys, we have magically reached the Look guys, we have magically reached the Look guys, we have magically reached the supermarket.  Let's go.  Now let's go supermarket.  Let's go.  Now let's go supermarket.  Let's go.  Now let's go inside and start shopping. inside and start shopping. inside and start shopping. Tell us what the challenge is.   The Tell us what the challenge is.   The Tell us what the challenge is.   The challenge is that today we have to do challenge is that today we have to do challenge is that today we have to do all the shopping within Rs 15,000 and that too only the all the shopping within Rs 15,000 and that too only the all the shopping within Rs 15,000 and that too only the necessary things. necessary things. necessary things. What?  For just Rs 15,000. What?  For just Rs 15,000. What?  For just Rs 15,000. Ok.  Yes. Ok.  Yes. Ok.  Yes. And two trolleys will be full. And two trolleys will be full. And two trolleys will be full. Necessary things will be available, is there any time limit too, there is no time limit too, there is no time limit too, there is no time limit, time limit, time limit, sugar, right now sugar, right now sugar, right now we will just think about what we will just think about what we will just think about what things we have to buy, come and see, first of all things we have to buy, come and see, first of all things we have to buy, come and see, first of all I will start with pulses, I will start with pulses, I will start with pulses, I have bought three packets of moong dal, will you keep looking, I have bought three packets of moong dal, will you keep looking, I have bought three packets of moong dal, will you keep looking, and two packets of masoor dal, and two packets of masoor dal, and two packets of masoor dal, which other pulses do I have to buy, friend.  No one will which other pulses do I have to buy, friend.  No one will which other pulses do I have to buy, friend.  No one will tell me right now. tell me right now. tell me right now. Okay, I will tell you, take the shengdana. Okay, I will tell you, take the shengdana. Okay, I will tell you, take the shengdana. I know that Papa because you I know that Papa because you I know that Papa because you take this and one more packet of sago, take this and one more packet of sago, take this and one more packet of sago, ok two packets of sago.  I know this.  It seems so. ok two packets of sago.  I know this.  It seems so. ok two packets of sago.  I know this.  It seems so. Chickpea lentil.   If you are Chickpea lentil.   If you are Chickpea lentil.   If you are buying gram dal, take it. buying gram dal, take it. buying gram dal, take it. Two packets for making gram flour. Two packets for making gram flour. Two packets for making gram flour. And take it.  Take it as per your wish.  How much to And take it.  Take it as per your wish.  How much to And take it.  Take it as per your wish.  How much to take? take? take? And take gram flour also.   I am taking And take gram flour also.   I am taking And take gram flour also.   I am taking jaggery. jaggery. jaggery. Jaggery? Jaggery? Jaggery? Yes. Yes. Yes. What is jaggery to do?  Oh, Grandpa seems to want to What is jaggery to do?  Oh, Grandpa seems to want to What is jaggery to do?  Oh, Grandpa seems to want to make a decoction.  Kirti is taking all the household make a decoction.  Kirti is taking all the household make a decoction.  Kirti is taking all the household items.  Took salt etc.   I will want items.  Took salt etc.   I will want items.  Took salt etc.   I will want more children.  We have many more children.  We have many more children.  We have many members in the house.  There are 10-15 members in our house. members in the house.  There are 10-15 members in our house. members in the house.  There are 10-15 members in our house. One more member is going to be added. One more member is going to be added. One more member is going to be added. Come and take four-five packets of salt.  Let's move ahead. Come and take four-five packets of salt.  Let's move ahead. Come and take four-five packets of salt.  Let's move ahead. What did Tibu pick up? What did Tibu pick up? What did Tibu pick up? Tibu should also buy the necessary things. Tibu should also buy the necessary things. Tibu should also buy the necessary things. Yes, come. Yes, come. Yes, come. Is good.  Didn't take chips etc.   No no, I am on Is good.  Didn't take chips etc.   No no, I am on Is good.  Didn't take chips etc.   No no, I am on diet now.  No chips or sips. diet now.  No chips or sips. diet now.  No chips or sips. No one will eat chips.  Right now No one will eat chips.  Right now No one will eat chips.  Right now we are also looking at brown rice. we are also looking at brown rice. we are also looking at brown rice. Everyone will eat brown rice.  Everyone, that is, Everyone will eat brown rice.  Everyone, that is, Everyone will eat brown rice.  Everyone, that is, me, dad, mom, all three of us are on diet. me, dad, mom, all three of us are on diet. me, dad, mom, all three of us are on diet. Full.  Look, I am taking poha.   I Full.  Look, I am taking poha.   I Full.  Look, I am taking poha.   I took these two packets of poha.  Everyone looks forward to breakfast in the morning. took these two packets of poha.  Everyone looks forward to breakfast in the morning. And take this one brown rush. And take this one brown rush. And take this one brown rush. This one is This one is This one is Bhujia rice.   Don't Bhujia rice.   Don't Bhujia rice.   Don't want Bhujia. want Bhujia. want Bhujia. Hey Bhujia rice. Hey Bhujia rice. Hey Bhujia rice. Bhujia rice. Bhujia rice. Bhujia rice. Bhujia rice. Bhujia rice. Bhujia rice. This is Bhujia.   No no, it's This is Bhujia.   No no, it's This is Bhujia.   No no, it's rice. rice. rice. Yes, yes, that is what is called Bhujia rice. Yes, yes, that is what is called Bhujia rice. Yes, yes, that is what is called Bhujia rice. Bhujia rice.  Brown rice means bhujia Bhujia rice.  Brown rice means bhujia Bhujia rice.  Brown rice means bhujia rice. rice. rice. Okay, Okay, Okay, this hard one, this one? this hard one, this one? this hard one, this one? Yes. Yes. Yes. I don't like tea very much, guys. I don't like tea very much, guys. I don't like tea very much, guys. Tea is made in our house throughout the day. Tea is made in our house throughout the day. Tea is made in our house throughout the day. Look, our daughter is taking tea. Look, our daughter is taking tea. Look, our daughter is taking tea. Ka levat by Ka levat by Ka levat by tea leaves.   I am tea leaves.   I am tea leaves.   I am taking tea leaves. taking tea leaves. taking tea leaves. Hey, this won't work now. Hey, this won't work now. Hey, this won't work now. What is that?   The What is that?   The What is that?   The month of Sawan is still going on. month of Sawan is still going on. month of Sawan is still going on. You can take this after it is over.   Then You can take this after it is over.   Then You can take this after it is over.   Then take it and keep it.   Do you want to take it and keep it.   Do you want to take it and keep it.   Do you want to take it now?  I will come and take it later.   Take take it now?  I will come and take it later.   Take take it now?  I will come and take it later.   Take asafoetida.  Take asafoetida.  I will take asafoetida. asafoetida.  Take asafoetida.  I will take asafoetida. asafoetida.  Take asafoetida.  I will take asafoetida. Take ginger garlic paste. Take ginger garlic paste. Take ginger garlic paste. Ok. Ok. Ok. So guys, there is nothing in this challenge that So guys, there is nothing in this challenge that So guys, there is nothing in this challenge that mom and dad cannot help with. mom and dad cannot help with. mom and dad cannot help with. They can also help a little.  Just the They can also help a little.  Just the They can also help a little.  Just the goods should not go above Rs 15,000.  What to take? goods should not go above Rs 15,000.  What to take? goods should not go above Rs 15,000.  What to take? Coriander. Coriander. Coriander. Coriander powder?  Yes, take it.   Take it. Coriander powder?  Yes, take it.   Take it. Take Kasuri Methi.  Kirti takes the fiery red of Everest. Take Kasuri Methi.  Kirti takes the fiery red of Everest. This one? This one? This one? Yes. Yes. Yes. a packet. a packet. a packet. Yes.  I will cook it very well and Yes.  I will cook it very well and Yes.  I will cook it very well and feed it to you.  What?  What will you eat? feed it to you.  What?  What will you eat? feed it to you.  What?  What will you eat? You can make anything.  So, you You can make anything.  So, you can eat this Naaku too and make anything and can eat this Naaku too and make anything and can eat this Naaku too and make anything and eat it eat it eat it okay look guys okay look guys okay look guys I have also bought gram flour I have also bought gram flour I have also bought gram flour for gram flour cheela guys if you also go to the gym then for gram flour cheela guys if you also go to the gym then for gram flour cheela guys if you also go to the gym then add gram flour cheela in your diet you add gram flour cheela in your diet you add gram flour cheela in your diet you get protein from it take get protein from it take get protein from it take mustard oil for raw food take this one yes yes take mustard oil for raw food take this one yes yes take whatever you want take pasta take pasta whatever you want take pasta take pasta whatever you want take pasta take pasta for breakfast for breakfast you have also become spoiled after coming to the city you also you have also become spoiled after coming to the city you also you have also become spoiled after coming to the city you also take pastavaasta take pastavaasta take pastavaasta now I have become a city babu so now I have become a city babu so now I have become a city babu so what have you become Sehri what have you become Sehri what have you become Sehri Babu Babu Babu Sehri Babu okay Sehri Babu okay Sehri Babu okay this is Maggi masala to put in the vegetable this is Maggi masala to put in the vegetable this is Maggi masala to put in the vegetable take one only one is enough we have plenty at home take one only one is enough we have plenty at home take one only one is enough we have plenty at home we have taken Santdin and this mouth we have taken Santdin and this mouth we have taken Santdin and this mouth fry what else is left to buy fry what else is left to buy fry what else is left to buy Colgate white one which mother and uncle use Colgate white one which mother and uncle use Colgate white one which mother and uncle use down there our down there our down there our teeth never chatter without it teeth never chatter without it what is the matter in our house [laughs] what is the matter in our house [laughs] what is the matter in our house [laughs] oh tell me the truth I should oh tell me the truth I should oh tell me the truth I should not have told the truth without white one not have told the truth without white one not have told the truth without white one yes no yes no yes no tell me we make so many recipes at home and there is tell me we make so many recipes at home and there is tell me we make so many recipes at home and there is no dry chilli.   Should I no dry chilli.   Should I no dry chilli.   Should I take this ghee? take this ghee? take this ghee? Yes, take it, take it. Yes, take it, take it. Yes, take it, take it. Ok.  I bought this ghee. Ok.  I bought this ghee. Ok.  I bought this ghee. Look, I am using this garam masala among the spices. Look, I am using this garam masala among the spices. Look, I am using this garam masala among the spices. And this Kitchen King masala and which other And this Kitchen King masala and which other And this Kitchen King masala and which other masala should I take?  Papa has also started cooking more, masala should I take?  Papa has also started cooking more, masala should I take?  Papa has also started cooking more, so he is so he is so he is looking at which spices to buy. looking at which spices to buy. looking at which spices to buy. Shravan bastard.   Take it, take it. Shravan bastard.   Take it, take it. Hey, Shravan is going on.  Later, Hey, Shravan is going on.  Later, Hey, Shravan is going on.  Later, oh, we will use it later.  But your mother will still oh, we will use it later.  But your mother will still oh, we will use it later.  But your mother will still bomb.  So take it. bomb.  So take it. bomb.  So take it. Tandoori Chicken Masala.  Guys, I am not Tandoori Chicken Masala.  Guys, I am not Tandoori Chicken Masala.  Guys, I am not taking makhana right now.  Extra, I taking makhana right now.  Extra, I taking makhana right now.  Extra, I love makhana very much.  So I will take these three-four packets. love makhana very much.  So I will take these three-four packets. My trolley wasn't overfilled.   It should My trolley wasn't overfilled.   It should My trolley wasn't overfilled.   It should not happen that Rs 15,000 gets wasted in this.  This not happen that Rs 15,000 gets wasted in this.  This not happen that Rs 15,000 gets wasted in this.  This trolley is not full.  So I will keep this and trolley is not full.  So I will keep this and trolley is not full.  So I will keep this and bring the new trolley from there. bring the new trolley from there. bring the new trolley from there. Look, my trolley arrived before I did.   Thank Look, my trolley arrived before I did.   Thank Look, my trolley arrived before I did.   Thank you.  What are you saying?   Not even you.  What are you saying?   Not even you.  What are you saying?   Not even one of them is true to me.  Now I brought another one. one of them is true to me.  Now I brought another one. one of them is true to me.  Now I brought another one. So I bought it quickly. So I bought it quickly. So I bought it quickly. Friend, I bought it for Rs 15,000. Friend, I bought it for Rs 15,000. Friend, I bought it for Rs 15,000. Yes.  Yes, it has to be managed for Rs 15,000. Yes.  Yes, it has to be managed for Rs 15,000. Yes.  Yes, it has to be managed for Rs 15,000. Pineapple seeds are good, pumpkin seeds are good, Pineapple seeds are good, pumpkin seeds are good, Pineapple seeds are good, pumpkin seeds are good, those who want to keep their hair good should those who want to keep their hair good should those who want to keep their hair good should definitely eat pumpkin seeds. definitely eat pumpkin seeds. definitely eat pumpkin seeds. Ok it will be done, it will be done in 15.  Guys look Ok it will be done, it will be done in 15.  Guys look Ok it will be done, it will be done in 15.  Guys look we have reached the beauty section. we have reached the beauty section. we have reached the beauty section. From here we will just take shampoo and conditioner. From here we will just take shampoo and conditioner. From here we will just take shampoo and conditioner. Here's the shampoo.  Here's the conditioner.  Kirti, it has been Here's the shampoo.  Here's the conditioner.  Kirti, it has been Here's the shampoo.  Here's the conditioner.  Kirti, it has been 15 days since you came to our house. 15 days since you came to our house. 15 days since you came to our house. So what do you think So what do you think So what do you think ?  What is missing in our house?  Come on, pick up the ?  What is missing in our house?  Come on, pick up the ?  What is missing in our house?  Come on, pick up the stuff.  Whatever you feel is less.  Tell me stuff.  Whatever you feel is less.  Tell me stuff.  Whatever you feel is less.  Tell me what should be there in your house?  We will see now.   There are what should be there in your house?  We will see now.   There are what should be there in your house?  We will see now.   There are all the things related to cleanliness. all the things related to cleanliness. all the things related to cleanliness. Yes. Yes. Yes. I will see it now and then tell you. I will see it now and then tell you. I will see it now and then tell you. Look, Look, Look, first of all you take phenyl. first of all you take phenyl. Not this one, the one below.   Should I buy the Not this one, the one below.   Should I buy the Not this one, the one below.   Should I buy the pink one?  Should I take green or orange? pink one?  Should I take green or orange? pink one?  Should I take green or orange? Take the pink one below.   Just Take the pink one below.   Just take this big one, not the one below.   Should I take this big one, not the one below.   Should I take this big one, not the one below.   Should I take these two? take these two? take these two? I know what all is not there in the house.   This is what I know what all is not there in the house.   This is what I know what all is not there in the house.   This is what we will be.  We don't even have a harp in our house. we will be.  We don't even have a harp in our house. we will be.  We don't even have a harp in our house. So let's take this three-piece set.  Buy So let's take this three-piece set.  Buy So let's take this three-piece set.  Buy two get one free.  Wow.  Hey, that harpstick that does two get one free.  Wow.  Hey, that harpstick that does two get one free.  Wow.  Hey, that harpstick that does n't stick to the commode, it's not the one.  Where did n't stick to the commode, it's not the one.  Where did n't stick to the commode, it's not the one.  Where did he go?  Maybe he went looking for that.  Because of that, there is a he go?  Maybe he went looking for that.  Because of that, there is a he go?  Maybe he went looking for that.  Because of that, there is a very nice fragrance in the bathroom. very nice fragrance in the bathroom. very nice fragrance in the bathroom. Give me three more of this purple one.  Look guys, you Give me three more of this purple one.  Look guys, you Give me three more of this purple one.  Look guys, you also have to buy washing liquid.  You also have to buy washing liquid.  You also have to buy washing liquid.  You also have to take this comfort which gives fragrance also have to take this comfort which gives fragrance also have to take this comfort which gives fragrance and you also have to take that liquid.  I will take comfort only. and you also have to take that liquid.  I will take comfort only. This is a food item, put it all here.  Okay, This is a food item, put it all here.  Okay, This is a food item, put it all here.  Okay, put all that here. put all that here. put all that here. Well, I thought what are Well, I thought what are Well, I thought what are you going to take?  So I am going to buy devotional items. you going to take?  So I am going to buy devotional items. you going to take?  So I am going to buy devotional items. Keep it up. Keep it up. Keep it up. This is it, I will also take an aluminium wrap This is it, I will also take an aluminium wrap This is it, I will also take an aluminium wrap and I also have to take sunlight. and I also have to take sunlight. and I also have to take sunlight. I have bought incense sticks. I have bought incense sticks. I have bought incense sticks. The sun is up.   Should I take The sun is up.   Should I take The sun is up.   Should I take this one? this one? this one? Yes. Yes. Yes. Two with cups. Two with cups. Two with cups. Yes.  When did we buy this when we went to the market? Yes.  When did we buy this when we went to the market? Yes.  When did we buy this when we went to the market? five six five six.  When your five six five six.  When your five six five six.  When your story was going on at your place, many story was going on at your place, many story was going on at your place, many people used to feel like killing the Paau. people used to feel like killing the Paau. people used to feel like killing the Paau. For that, he would not take this ujan throw. For that, he would not take this ujan throw. For that, he would not take this ujan throw. Daily? Daily? Daily? Daily? Daily? Daily? Yes.  I never take less than 10, yet it gets Yes.  I never take less than 10, yet it gets Yes.  I never take less than 10, yet it gets over daily.   I take over daily.   I take over daily.   I take tissue paper and use it for the kitchen. tissue paper and use it for the kitchen. tissue paper and use it for the kitchen. Yes, this tissue paper is for the kitchen. Yes, this tissue paper is for the kitchen. Yes, this tissue paper is for the kitchen. Look, we are also buying this dish washing liquid.  I will take Look, we are also buying this dish washing liquid.  I will take Look, we are also buying this dish washing liquid.  I will take this one and two soaps, this one and two soaps, this one and two soaps, mom took the whole packet.  There are many utensils mom took the whole packet.  There are many utensils mom took the whole packet.  There are many utensils in our house. in our house. in our house. Hey, how many members are there in your family? Hey, how many members are there in your family? Hey, how many members are there in your family? 10 is 12. 10 is 12. 10 is 12. 10 is not 12.  At least, right?  It is 15.  15 is 10 is not 12.  At least, right?  It is 15.  15 is 10 is not 12.  At least, right?  It is 15.  15 is not less than 15.   There are not less than 15.   There are not less than 15.   There are not less than 15 people in our house. not less than 15 people in our house. not less than 15 people in our house. Just can't see it. Just can't see it. Just can't see it. I am taking this mirror to clean it. I am taking this mirror to clean it. I am taking this mirror to clean it. And look what Kirti is taking?  Moti is And look what Kirti is taking?  Moti is And look what Kirti is taking?  Moti is buying soap, they take bath on Diwali, buying soap, they take bath on Diwali, buying soap, they take bath on Diwali, take it from that, take it from that, take it from that, when do we take bath, when do we take bath, when do we take bath, in Diwali, in Diwali, in Diwali, we will take bath now and try it on Diwali, we will take bath now and try it on Diwali, we will take bath now and try it on Diwali, okay, I thought that if I gave her a budget of Rs. 15000, then okay, I thought that if I gave her a budget of Rs. 15000, then okay, I thought that if I gave her a budget of Rs. 15000, then Kavya would leave the essential things and Kavya would leave the essential things and Kavya would leave the essential things and run away with cosmetics first, but run away with cosmetics first, but run away with cosmetics first, but Kavya did not do that, Kavya kept Kavya did not do that, Kavya kept Kavya did not do that, Kavya kept buying the essential things only, buying the essential things only, buying the essential things only, yes, yes, yes, okay, no problem guys, we do not have okay, no problem guys, we do not have okay, no problem guys, we do not have brass utensils in our house, brass utensils in our house, brass utensils in our house, nor is that for rubbing, Bhaiya powder is very good, nor is that for rubbing, Bhaiya powder is very good, Bhaiya powder, Bhaiya powder, Bhaiya powder, yes [laughs] I have yes [laughs] I have yes [laughs] I have made Bhaiya's powder, made Bhaiya's powder, made Bhaiya's powder, Bhaiya's powder is also made.  Come on, Bhaiya's powder is also made.  Come on, Bhaiya's powder is also made.  Come on, look at this, we have also taken the mop. look at this, we have also taken the mop. look at this, we have also taken the mop. We have not just one but two wipes. We have not just one but two wipes. We have not just one but two wipes. We are two sisters, so there are two mops. We are two sisters, so there are two mops. We are two sisters, so there are two mops. But you should have mopped a little.  We have a But you should have mopped a little.  We have a But you should have mopped a little.  We have a maid in our house to mop the floor. maid in our house to mop the floor. maid in our house to mop the floor. Yes, for him he had told me that whenever you Yes, for him he had told me that whenever you Yes, for him he had told me that whenever you go, bring a mop. go, bring a mop. go, bring a mop. I will organize the kitchen.  So I would not have I will organize the kitchen.  So I would not have I will organize the kitchen.  So I would not have taken the spice box.  See Kirti, taken the spice box.  See Kirti, taken the spice box.  See Kirti, who cooks the most in the kitchen who cooks the most in the kitchen who cooks the most in the kitchen ?   Wow, ?   Wow, ?   Wow, thank you very much.  No, what is there to thank you for thank you very much.  No, what is there to thank you for thank you very much.  No, what is there to thank you for ?  I said the right thing, didn't I? ?  I said the right thing, didn't I? ?  I said the right thing, didn't I? Kirti, who spends the most time in the kitchen Kirti, who spends the most time in the kitchen Kirti, who spends the most time in the kitchen ? ? ? Who cooks the most in the kitchen? Who cooks the most in the kitchen? Who cooks the most in the kitchen? You make it.   That's You make it.   That's You make it.   That's ok.  You see, I cook most of the time in the kitchen. ok.  You see, I cook most of the time in the kitchen. Which one do I use?   You Which one do I use?   You Which one do I use?   You will feel that no one cares about you now, right?  Guys, will feel that no one cares about you now, right?  Guys, will feel that no one cares about you now, right?  Guys, we are buying pads right now.  The most important thing we are buying pads right now.  The most important thing we are buying pads right now.  The most important thing and this time I am taking Bindass Night. and this time I am taking Bindass Night. and this time I am taking Bindass Night. This is a very nice pad.  There is zero leakage This is a very nice pad.  There is zero leakage This is a very nice pad.  There is zero leakage in it. in it. in it. What do you want?  Take it from this.  Which What do you want?  Take it from this.  Which What do you want?  Take it from this.  Which one do you use?  I am one do you use?  I am one do you use?  I am telling Kirti, look girls, there is nothing to be shy about. telling Kirti, look girls, there is nothing to be shy about. telling Kirti, look girls, there is nothing to be shy about. If you are still shy then If you are still shy then If you are still shy then what can I say.  I am telling him to try what can I say.  I am telling him to try what can I say.  I am telling him to try using this pad using this pad using this pad because I have used it and it is very because I have used it and it is very because I have used it and it is very good.  Guys, good.  Guys, I have bought this steel one for grinding ginger and all that stuff.  Look, is it right? I have bought this steel one for grinding ginger and all that stuff.  Look, is it right? I have bought this steel one for grinding ginger and all that stuff.  Look, is it right? Yes, tell me, but will you beat me?  Will you start Yes, tell me, but will you beat me?  Will you start Yes, tell me, but will you beat me?  Will you start beating me? beating me? beating me? We will beat it.  I am getting body wash for Naki. We will beat it.  I am getting body wash for Naki. We will beat it.  I am getting body wash for Naki. And moisturizer was a good one And moisturizer was a good one And moisturizer was a good one because his hands have become completely because his hands have become completely because his hands have become completely white.  How did you see it?  If white.  How did you see it?  If white.  How did you see it?  If something like rashes has happened then get her a good something like rashes has happened then get her a good something like rashes has happened then get her a good body wash and moisturizer.  Look body wash and moisturizer.  Look body wash and moisturizer.  Look guys here is a body wash and a moisturizer guys here is a body wash and a moisturizer guys here is a body wash and a moisturizer this is for Kirti.  Aunty had told me about a this is for Kirti.  Aunty had told me about a this is for Kirti.  Aunty had told me about a cream, I am searching for it here.  I have to cream, I am searching for it here.  I have to cream, I am searching for it here.  I have to buy it for my aunt also.  Someone had asked me to add this white stone powder.  I'll get buy it for my aunt also.  Someone had asked me to add this white stone powder.  I'll get buy it for my aunt also.  Someone had asked me to add this white stone powder.  I'll get one more one more one more for me too. for me too. for me too. I forgot about grandmother.  Take I forgot about grandmother.  Take I forgot about grandmother.  Take Nani's Fair & Lovely Powder.   I Nani's Fair & Lovely Powder.   I Nani's Fair & Lovely Powder.   I watch Fair & Lovely.  Wait here.  This is the watch Fair & Lovely.  Wait here.  This is the watch Fair & Lovely.  Wait here.  This is the formidable Armoric.  My grandmother loves it formidable Armoric.  My grandmother loves it formidable Armoric.  My grandmother loves it so I'll get a packet for her. so I'll get a packet for her. so I'll get a packet for her. Not makeup, but cosmetic, here is Clinic Plus, it is being Not makeup, but cosmetic, here is Clinic Plus, it is being Not makeup, but cosmetic, here is Clinic Plus, it is being bought for grandmother bought for grandmother bought for grandmother because grandmother uses Clinic Plus. because grandmother uses Clinic Plus. because grandmother uses Clinic Plus. Yes and grandmother's hair is also so thick, Yes and grandmother's hair is also so thick, Yes and grandmother's hair is also so thick, yes, her grandmother's hair is very long, guys guys, yes, her grandmother's hair is very long, guys guys, yes, her grandmother's hair is very long, guys guys, my budget is only Rs 15,000. my budget is only Rs 15,000. my budget is only Rs 15,000. Shop accordingly because if the budget Shop accordingly because if the budget Shop accordingly because if the budget goes beyond Rs 15,000 then you will have to remove items from goes beyond Rs 15,000 then you will have to remove items from goes beyond Rs 15,000 then you will have to remove items from it.  Guys, this is an important thing for his elder it.  Guys, this is an important thing for his elder it.  Guys, this is an important thing for his elder mother, that is, for his mother and for my grandmother, that is, mother, that is, for his mother and for my grandmother, that is, hey friend, it is needed for mother and grandmother because hey friend, it is needed for mother and grandmother because hey friend, it is needed for mother and grandmother because both of them wear everything so big, look how much shopping is going on.  What did you look how much shopping is going on.  What did you look how much shopping is going on.  What did you bring? bring? bring? Sugar free.   Don't take it. Sugar free.   Don't take it. Sugar free.   Don't take it. This is in my house. This is in my house. This is in my house. Where is this? Where is this? Where is this? So where are the little packets?   It is So where are the little packets?   It is So where are the little packets?   It is not green tea. not green tea. not green tea. Not there. Not there. Not there. Is? Is? Is? Open the small packet and put it inside a tea.  It Open the small packet and put it inside a tea.  It Open the small packet and put it inside a tea.  It feels dirty.   Does feels dirty.   Does feels dirty.   Does sugar sound good to eat?   No, don't take it. sugar sound good to eat?   No, don't take it. sugar sound good to eat?   No, don't take it. It doesn't seem so.  Okay guys, It doesn't seem so.  Okay guys, It doesn't seem so.  Okay guys, I have tried it.  It really doesn't feel good. I have tried it.  It really doesn't feel good. I have tried it.  It really doesn't feel good. See fish and rice of your choice. See fish and rice of your choice. See fish and rice of your choice. You didn't tell me about the rice of your choice.   I do You didn't tell me about the rice of your choice.   I do n't understand anything about rice.   He does n't understand anything about rice.   He does n't understand anything about rice.   He does n't know the difference between humans.  What n't know the difference between humans.  What n't know the difference between humans.  What difference will this make to the rice? difference will this make to the rice? difference will this make to the rice? Papa, please like rice. Papa, please like rice. Papa, please like rice. I like your mother, that's enough. I like your mother, that's enough. I like your mother, that's enough. Oh my God.  Love the rice, man. Oh my God.  Love the rice, man. Oh my God.  Love the rice, man. We are doing it quietly.  So Gama, you came to like it, you are doing We are doing it quietly.  So Gama, you came to like it, you are doing We are doing it quietly.  So Gama, you came to like it, you are doing this, you like it, this, you like it, this, you like it, I like it, guys, I am quietly I like it, guys, I am quietly I like it, guys, I am quietly taking this chocolate because I like it very much, taking this chocolate because I like it very much, taking this chocolate because I like it very much, this this this strawberry one strawberry one strawberry one tastes very good but keep it hidden, tastes very good but keep it hidden, tastes very good but keep it hidden, Melody, Melody, Melody, this Melody, Modi ji had given this to Melony, he had this Melody, Modi ji had given this to Melony, he had this Melody, Modi ji had given this to Melony, he had given it to Melony, today I am taking it for myself, given it to Melony, today I am taking it for myself, given it to Melony, today I am taking it for myself, eat the Melody chocolate and be happy, eat the Melody chocolate and be happy, eat the Melody chocolate and be happy, Modi ji chocolate, I am taking the Melody chocolate because of you, Modi ji chocolate, I am taking the Melody chocolate because of you, what are you saying, what are you saying, what are you saying, didi, don't take it otherwise you will be thrown out right now, didi, don't take it otherwise you will be thrown out right now, didi, don't take it otherwise you will be thrown out right now, tell mom.  If mom has taken it then it will tell mom.  If mom has taken it then it will tell mom.  If mom has taken it then it will not be taken out. not be taken out. not be taken out. Look what I'm seeing of my dad. Look what I'm seeing of my dad. Look what I'm seeing of my dad. Nothing, I was just looking, I am not buying it Nothing, I was just looking, I am not buying it Nothing, I was just looking, I am not buying it but if I but if I but if I buy a chocolate, it will cost ₹15,000. buy a chocolate, it will cost ₹15,000. buy a chocolate, it will cost ₹15,000. That dark one?  Yes, that is what I want. That dark one?  Yes, that is what I want. That dark one?  Yes, that is what I want. Is 50%. Is 50%. Is 50%. So 50% So 50% So 50% and dark take a little bit.  Wait.  This and dark take a little bit.  Wait.  This and dark take a little bit.  Wait.  This is not dark dark. is not dark dark. is not dark dark. This is quite big.  This is a huge chocolate. This is quite big.  This is a huge chocolate. This is quite big.  This is a huge chocolate. Did you like the rice? Did you like the rice? Did you like the rice? Yes.   Did Yes.   Did Yes.   Did n't you like the rice? n't you like the rice? n't you like the rice? I did the rice.  Now what about the rice?   Is I did the rice.  Now what about the rice?   Is I did the rice.  Now what about the rice?   Is that for making kheer? that for making kheer? that for making kheer? Yes. Yes. Yes. You took the weapons from both of us.  Our You took the weapons from both of us.  Our You took the weapons from both of us.  Our weapon is Vicks and Zandu Balm.  I feel this every weapon is Vicks and Zandu Balm.  I feel this every weapon is Vicks and Zandu Balm.  I feel this every night.  I said that any night.  I said that any night.  I said that any future husband of hers can future husband of hers can future husband of hers can make her happy by giving her Zandu Balm.  [laughs] She uses so much Zandu make her happy by giving her Zandu Balm.  [laughs] She uses so much Zandu make her happy by giving her Zandu Balm.  [laughs] She uses so much Zandu Balm.  And our Krishna gets so Balm.  And our Krishna gets so Balm.  And our Krishna gets so irritated with him and so does his father.  Whenever I irritated with him and so does his father.  Whenever I irritated with him and so does his father.  Whenever I come to his house, I can smell the fragrance of Zendu balm in my room.  I do come to his house, I can smell the fragrance of Zendu balm in my room.  I do come to his house, I can smell the fragrance of Zendu balm in my room.  I do n't apply it every day, I n't apply it every day, I n't apply it every day, I apply it only when I have a headache. apply it only when I have a headache. apply it only when I have a headache. How can someone eat french fries even after dieting How can someone eat french fries even after dieting How can someone eat french fries even after dieting ?  This will be made in the air fryer.  But ?  This will be made in the air fryer.  But ?  This will be made in the air fryer.  But I, Kirti and Krishna can eat it. I, Kirti and Krishna can eat it. I, Kirti and Krishna can eat it. Mummy is buying Oreos for Chiku Baby Mummy is buying Oreos for Chiku Baby Mummy is buying Oreos for Chiku Baby and also buying normal Oreos to and also buying normal Oreos to and also buying normal Oreos to make white Oreo shake.  There are no small packets here. make white Oreo shake.  There are no small packets here. Oreo BTS is also here guys.  Look, there is Oreo BTS is also here guys.  Look, there is Oreo BTS is also here guys.  Look, there is a biscuit in it a biscuit in it a biscuit in it which has BTS written on it.  Understood?  So which has BTS written on it.  Understood?  So which has BTS written on it.  Understood?  So what happens in that BTS?   Please what happens in that BTS?   Please what happens in that BTS?   Please take this one also.  I won't eat it but take this one also.  I won't eat it but take this one also.  I won't eat it but take it for BTS.  Kirti was take it for BTS.  Kirti was take it for BTS.  Kirti was saying something about brown rice.  Listen to this and saying something about brown rice.  Listen to this and saying something about brown rice.  Listen to this and say yes. say yes. say yes. What we do first in our village is that we What we do first in our village is that we What we do first in our village is that we boil the remaining paddy well. boil the remaining paddy well. After that, dry it thoroughly in the sun. After that, dry it thoroughly in the sun. After that, dry it thoroughly in the sun. Then when you take out rice from it, you get Then when you take out rice from it, you get Then when you take out rice from it, you get rice like this. rice like this. rice like this. Well, what would happen to that?   We Well, what would happen to that?   We Well, what would happen to that?   We get all the vitamins from it.  And the get all the vitamins from it.  And the get all the vitamins from it.  And the white rice remains, white rice remains, white rice remains, all its vitamins get removed in the polish.  There are all its vitamins get removed in the polish.  There are all its vitamins get removed in the polish.  There are no vitamins in it.   So no vitamins in it.   So no vitamins in it.   So who should eat this? who should eat this? who should eat this? Mother makes this food for those who have diabetes or blood pressure. Mother makes this food for those who have diabetes or blood pressure. Mother makes this food for those who have diabetes or blood pressure. Yes, well done, well done.  Did you see?  Kirti Yes, well done, well done.  Did you see?  Kirti Yes, well done, well done.  Did you see?  Kirti knows that Kirti is going to make brown rice at home.  Taking it out knows that Kirti is going to make brown rice at home.  Taking it out knows that Kirti is going to make brown rice at home.  Taking it out from farming from farming from farming and what do they say, it is and what do they say, it is and what do they say, it is also a tradition in the village, a day before Diwali.   The also a tradition in the village, a day before Diwali.   The also a tradition in the village, a day before Diwali.   The day on which Dhanteras was celebrated.  Everyone definitely takes out this rice on that day. day on which Dhanteras was celebrated.  Everyone definitely takes out this rice on that day. Is this trolley also yours? Is this trolley also yours? Is this trolley also yours? Yes. Yes. Yes. And those two are our own. And those two are our own. And this?   It's And this?   It's And this?   It's mine. mine. mine. Four trolleys? Four trolleys? Four trolleys? Yes.   It would Yes.   It would Yes.   It would not be 15,000.   It does not be 15,000.   It does not be 15,000.   It does n't happen.  I know that too.  See.   Please n't happen.  I know that too.  See.   Please n't happen.  I know that too.  See.   Please apply it.  For the badge?  Yes. apply it.  For the badge?  Yes. apply it.  For the badge?  Yes. Brown bread. Brown bread. Brown bread. Yes.   I Yes.   I Yes.   I never ate it myself.  You're never ate it myself.  You're never ate it myself.  You're getting brown bread for the cat.  Wow. getting brown bread for the cat.  Wow. getting brown bread for the cat.  Wow. So he also follows our diet. So he also follows our diet. So he also follows our diet. Yes, I am also putting the cat on a diet. Yes, I am also putting the cat on a diet. Yes, I am also putting the cat on a diet. Look, tell me how much will I make a sandwich and feed it Look, tell me how much will I make a sandwich and feed it Look, tell me how much will I make a sandwich and feed it to you, it will be really tasty. to you, it will be really tasty. to you, it will be really tasty. How much was the bill?  How much did it cost?   The one with How much was the bill?  How much did it cost?   The one with How much was the bill?  How much did it cost?   The one with more than 8000.   It more than 8000.   It more than 8000.   It exceeded 8,000.  There are still two trolleys exceeded 8,000.  There are still two trolleys exceeded 8,000.  There are still two trolleys left to empty. left to empty. left to empty. Do one thing, take it for now. Do one thing, take it for now. Do one thing, take it for now. Everyone needs the stuff, right? Everyone needs the stuff, right? Everyone needs the stuff, right? Look, it has now become 10,000. Look, it has now become 10,000. Look, it has now become 10,000. Kirti, tell me how much is the bill going to be? Kirti, tell me how much is the bill going to be? Kirti, tell me how much is the bill going to be? 20,000 plus 20,000 plus 20,000 plus 20,000 plus 20,000 plus 20,000 plus yes.   It's yes.   It's yes.   It's just about to reach 15,000 and just about to reach 15,000 and just about to reach 15,000 and this is half the trolley and that's one full trolley left.  We this is half the trolley and that's one full trolley left.  We this is half the trolley and that's one full trolley left.  We will eat this now, sit and break it, is she will eat this now, sit and break it, is she will eat this now, sit and break it, is she drinking buttermilk or drinking buttermilk or drinking buttermilk or not, C guys, the bill is Rs 25307. not, C guys, the bill is Rs 25307. not, C guys, the bill is Rs 25307. Where is it 15000, where is it 25000, it is not 25000, it Where is it 15000, where is it 25000, it is not 25000, it Where is it 15000, where is it 25000, it is not 25000, it is 29000 is 29000 is 29000 Kirti, see you had said that the piece would Kirti, see you had said that the piece would Kirti, see you had said that the piece would cost 20, I had told you that the piece is ready, cost 20, I had told you that the piece is ready, bring it, give it to Kirti and make her wear it, both of us together have done bring it, give it to Kirti and make her wear it, both of us together have done bring it, give it to Kirti and make her wear it, both of us together have done so much, but so much, but so much, but we have bought all the household things for we have bought all the household things for we have bought all the household things for her like this, her like this, her like this, we have bought all the household things, we have we have bought all the household things, we have we have bought all the household things, we have not bought anything which is not useful, okay, not bought anything which is not useful, okay, not bought anything which is not useful, okay, we both took it, but it is completely we both took it, but it is completely we both took it, but it is completely empty, now how will we fit all the stuff in the trunk, I do empty, now how will we fit all the stuff in the trunk, I do empty, now how will we fit all the stuff in the trunk, I do n't know, look at these so many n't know, look at these so many n't know, look at these so many things, oh my god, okay, what is that for the baby, from things, oh my god, okay, what is that for the baby, from things, oh my god, okay, what is that for the baby, from where will you get it, where will you get it, where will you get it, Sonali, Sonali, Sonali, bring it, then go, bring it, then go, bring it, then go, for Bhabhi, a baby is about to be born, so you for Bhabhi, a baby is about to be born, so you for Bhabhi, a baby is about to be born, so you need a feeding gown, so let's get it, need a feeding gown, so let's get it, what is there to ask in front, go and get it, come on, what is there to ask in front, go and get it, come on, what is there to ask in front, go and get it, come on, baby, go, you go with them, baby, go, you go with them, baby, go, you go with them, you go, no, no, it is you go, no, no, it is you go, no, no, it is my work, go,