I'm going to roll in the car and take a shark tank Tell me what's going on I'm going to make a clock head I'm going to make a roller I'm going to make a clock head I'm going to make a carreel Lock head I'm going to make a carreel You are part of the family That's the whole thing That's the Russian culture Yeah I understand Tell me what to do I will beat you by her head What the fuck It's a night's shoot I'm going to make a girl I'm going to make a girl You won't look mine I let you have the dimension I'm going into a ride I can't escape without you Hi guys welcome back to my new blog I'm from the rabbit Kristthis This is my first vlog here's my vlog Here's the vlog But you are even holding my decades..Silence because IInvent is just fried This broadcast was also recorded to my song I am sure of one of the guys from when his team first got bouncing His shootings were awesome Cuz it is ME Whatever it is, it is okay What I said in Brazil once was, can you Il Yong OVER a new charity Anyway, I am wearing a raki hamper. So, this is a hamper, 1500. I have a little bit of a kurti, a scrunchie, a raki, a card, a card, a card, so basically, a raki, a camera, a camera, sorry. So, I have a 1500. I have a lot of kurti. I have a lot of kurti. I have a lot of kurti. I have a lot of kurti. I have a lot of kurti. For example, kurta has M size lily, kurti has S lily, add to back kurta. I have same size as this, plus, I have 3000 kurti. I have a lot of kurti. I have a lot of kurti. I have a lot of kurti. I have a lot of kurti. I have a lot of text, but I have a lot of text. So, I will make a video about it. That's it. I have a section on this section. I have creators, I have videos, I upload videos, and I make a lot of videos. I have a lot of beach videos, but I like them. I always make a lot of kurti. I have a lot of kurti. I think this is the best video ever. I, I, I, founder and all, founder, founder, founder, founder. Anyway, check that out now. What are you doing? Red Bull, water, tea, coffee, diet coke It is whenever you feel like somebody is exploiting you, you have another option right, right in front of you. So now, if she ever tries to like, exploit you, we will go for the call. Just DM me. a fan kiss man.. Hey dude, I keepers to talking to me Why can't we ask that to my best friend? It's just like this friendship Please don't break my cat Today's are you real Do I know how to solve all of these?! You want to have a camera with me Where does GCC do it? Give me my keys I do not believe it I'm going to tell the URL Were you two please? Why were yousorry We happened on a maybe spontaneous Why are you lying? On a declaration 24 amat you said they saw light Mytime switch And my Larry British Mytime switch if you are actually the vegan or Feb utmost do you notice your Good morning! Good morning! Bye, good night! Good morning! I didn't know that I would be without ACSO I was thinking of being a fan of ACSO But I didn't know that I would be a fan of ACSO So I was thinking about it I was thinking of being a fan of ACSO So I was thinking about it I know that I would be without ACSO But I didn't know that I would be without ACSO So I was thinking of being a fan of ACSO Good morning! Good morning! I was thinking of having a chat with my friend She was a good friend And she had a lot of conversations She was also a good friend She was also a good friend She was very good She was very good She was a good friend Danny was very ISO It was veryrepresented Deep down walked 6 months before Anbasketball team cannot consider how to train Because there are people who like it So they can have their internet When they come it's not a goodato Smart You median Do you know how to today's Abhaya Shishige Our Morning His clothes are very mean Ill 7 days Trap I'm so sorry, I'm getting locked in. Morning! I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry. It's 3.20 pm, good morning. Good morning. What's the best thing about this? I'm so sorry, I missed it. The tricky statement. Cut or remove. So, I'm not getting attention. What? I'm so sorry, I'm getting attention divided. I'm part of the family who, like family members, I'm very proud of myself. I'm so sorry, I'm part of the family. That's the whole thing. I'm very proud of you. I'm the first child. I'm not the first survivor. I'm not the first survivor. I'm not the first survivor. But now you know what to do. Now you know, I'm the first. What do you mean? What do you mean? We're on the video one day. Yeah, I understand. Tell me what to do. I'm a PG-5er and we're all going to be friends. I'm going to set up a set up. I'm going to pay for my camera. I'm going to use my X-Saw. I'm going to use my ID. So, I'm going to be my X-Saw. I'm going to be my X-Saw, I'm going to be my Red Card. I'm going to be my Red Card. My gym is coming. NGL. NGL. NGL. I'm missing my gym. Build a AMCLE here. You gotta do a advocacy vlog. I've heard something about it. I'mhooo 297 But I'muel's husband. But I'muel's really mortgage aga. What an nutscraii anticipate you