Bhaiya fulfill the bond of my Rakhi, come on, Bhaiya fulfill the bond of my Rakhi, come on, Bhaiya fulfill the bond of my Rakhi, come on, stand up, you are sleeping even on Rakhi day stand up, you are sleeping even on Rakhi day stand up, you are sleeping even on Rakhi day [screaming sound] stand up quickly, I have to tie the Rakhi, I am [screaming sound] stand up quickly, I have to tie the Rakhi, I am standing, let me standing, let me standing, let me sleep, friend, I have got a holiday today, let me sleep, sleep, friend, I have got a holiday today, let me sleep, sleep, friend, I have got a holiday today, let me sleep, stand up, friend, I have to go with my aunt, stand up, friend, I have to go with my aunt, stand up, friend, I have to go with my aunt, then I have to go to play, stand up then I have to go to play, stand up then I have to go to play, stand up quickly, get the Rakhi made, see how nice I am, take it and quickly, get the Rakhi made, see how nice I am, take it and quickly, get the Rakhi made, see how nice I am, take it and tie it, stand up, tie it, stand up, tie it, stand up, Mummy did not teach us to get the Mummy did not teach us to get the Mummy did not teach us to get the Rakhi made while sitting, Rakhi made while sitting, Rakhi made while sitting, friend, take it, take it, take it, tie it and cover your head. tie it and cover your head. tie it and cover your head. Take it and cover it. Take it and cover it. Take it and cover it. I want to get my photo taken in it.  Don't you have to stand up? I want to get my photo taken in it.  Don't you have to stand up? I want to get my photo taken in it.  Don't you have to stand up? Cover your head, I have Cover your head, I have Cover your head, I have covered my head. covered my head. covered my head. Take a second.   You have a second.   You have a second.   You have brought a gift for me, right?   Are brought a gift for me, right?   Are brought a gift for me, right?   Are ?  What kind of gift? ?  What kind of gift? ?  What kind of gift? Hey, this time I have brought sweets for you from my pocket. Hey, this time I have brought sweets for you from my pocket. Hey, this time I have brought sweets for you from my pocket. This time he will give me a gift. This time he will give me a gift. This time he will give me a gift. I told you. I told you. I told you. You can eat this sweet also.  You can also tie the Rakhi.  You will You can eat this sweet also.  You can also tie the Rakhi.  You will You can eat this sweet also.  You can also tie the Rakhi.  You will not get any gift.   Even with not get any gift.   Even with not get any gift.   Even with such a low salary, he still wants a gift. such a low salary, he still wants a gift. such a low salary, he still wants a gift. What kind of a person is my neighbor Chintu, I will get him tied up.  You What kind of a person is my neighbor Chintu, I will get him tied up.  You What kind of a person is my neighbor Chintu, I will get him tied up.  You give me ₹100 but you do give me ₹100 but you do give me ₹100 but you do n't give me anything. n't give me anything. n't give me anything. Go and get it tied.  He even beats you. Go and get it tied.  He even beats you. Go and get it tied.  He even beats you. You you you don't kill.  Won't you kill You you you don't kill.  Won't you kill You you you don't kill.  Won't you kill me?  I can't even give a gift.  I'm a me?  I can't even give a gift.  I'm a me?  I can't even give a gift.  I'm a dog bastard, my brother is dead. dog bastard, my brother is dead. dog bastard, my brother is dead. How are you giving the pill? How are you giving the pill? How are you giving the pill? died. died. died. How to shoot? How to shoot? How to shoot? Not Rakhi [laughs] Mar. Not Rakhi [laughs] Mar. Not Rakhi [laughs] Mar. Yes, she will abuse me on Rakhi day. Yes, she will abuse me on Rakhi day. Yes, she will abuse me on Rakhi day. How are you killing me?   Take it.   You have How are you killing me?   Take it.   You have ruined my [screaming] hair, my entire makeup, my entire makeup, ruined my [screaming] hair, my entire makeup, my entire makeup, ruined my [screaming] hair, my entire makeup, my entire makeup, my entire makeup [screaming] you my entire makeup [screaming] you my entire makeup [screaming] you will die on Rakhi day, you are dead, I will will die on Rakhi day, you are dead, I will will die on Rakhi day, you are dead, I will not tie a Rakhi to you, I will not tie a Rakhi to you not tie a Rakhi to you, I will not tie a Rakhi to you not tie a Rakhi to you, I will not tie a Rakhi to you [screaming] [ groaning] groaning] groaning] Anuj you also feed me.