sound of 'Aye Aah' is also heard. sound of 'Aye Aah' is also heard. sound of 'Aye Aah' is also heard. Come on Nawab Saheb, dance with us. Come on Nawab Saheb, dance with us. Come on Nawab Saheb, dance with us. Excuse me, why are you calling my brother-in-law Nawab Excuse me, why are you calling my brother-in-law Nawab Excuse me, why are you calling my brother-in-law Nawab ?  District, we are ?  District, we are ?  District, we are handicapped because of our manners.  If we make them then what all do we handicapped because of our manners.  If we make them then what all do we handicapped because of our manners.  If we make them then what all do we call them, oh call them, oh call them, oh my heart was alone you played such a game my heart was alone you played such a game my heart was alone you played such a game in your memory [music] I am like a magician [music] [music ] what's the matter what's the matter oy hoye hoye hoye Archana ji Archana ji Archana ji yes ji yes ji yes ji look at the dazzling look at the dazzling look at the dazzling Subhan Allah of the neighborhood Subhan Allah of the neighborhood Subhan Allah of the neighborhood your Chandu has done it ok your Chandu has done it ok your Chandu has done it ok yes ji the yes ji the yes ji the child is not Yadav yes yes it is child is not Yadav yes yes it is his child's birthday today his child's birthday today his child's birthday today oh oh oh yes ji he has two twins three Tadwa and one yes ji he has two twins three Tadwa and one yes ji he has two twins three Tadwa and one bitter bitter bitter one minute what is this bitter friend the one that one minute what is this bitter friend the one that one minute what is this bitter friend the one that bites bites bites and his wife Titli Yadav she says and his wife Titli Yadav she says and his wife Titli Yadav she says on the child's birthday no Qawwali night queen. on the child's birthday no Qawwali night queen. on the child's birthday no Qawwali night queen. Well, Well, Well, a scheme came to my mind. a scheme came to my mind. a scheme came to my mind. Yes. Yes. Yes. Kappu will become Kawal and we will loot Bachcha Kappu will become Kawal and we will loot Bachcha Kappu will become Kawal and we will loot Bachcha Jadhav's property.  [cheering] But there's one condition.  You should not tell anyone. But there's one condition.  You should not tell anyone. But there's one condition.  You should not tell anyone. No, dear. No, dear. No, dear. Hey, you don't understand, friend.   It will not happen at all.   Oh, it wo Hey, you don't understand, friend.   It will not happen at all.   Oh, it wo n't happen.  [MUSIC] n't happen.  [MUSIC] n't happen.  [MUSIC] Oh no no. Oh no no. Oh no no. Oh no, man. Oh no, man. Oh no, man. Oh wow. Look friend, these arrangements are fine but Look friend, these arrangements are fine but Look friend, these arrangements are fine but Archana ji, you tell me Archana ji, you tell me Archana ji, you tell me who organizes a Qawwali on the birthday of a small child, it will be who organizes a Qawwali on the birthday of a small child, it will be who organizes a Qawwali on the birthday of a small child, it will be Qawwali, it will be Qawwali, Qawwali, it will be Qawwali, Qawwali, it will be Qawwali, hey, let's organize a DJ night, friend, let's keep doing Tamma Tamma, hey, let's organize a DJ night, friend, let's keep doing Tamma Tamma, hey, let's organize a DJ night, friend, let's keep doing Tamma Tamma, in the name of Tamma Tamma Tamma Tamma, I have become the mother of 12 children, in the name of Tamma Tamma Tamma Tamma, I have become the mother of 12 children, in the name of Tamma Tamma Tamma Tamma, I have become the mother of 12 children, friend, look at the child, I have made complete friend, look at the child, I have made complete friend, look at the child, I have made complete preparations for the birthday.  Now you quickly order a six-storey preparations for the birthday.  Now you quickly order a six-storey preparations for the birthday.  Now you quickly order a six-storey cake.  You have to commit suicide by jumping from that six-storey building.   The cake.  You have to commit suicide by jumping from that six-storey building.   The street vendor wants a six-story cake.  Now street vendor wants a six-story cake.  Now street vendor wants a six-story cake.  Now if the big Kawal does not come then we will if the big Kawal does not come then we will put your face in the middle of your Kawal's claps.  Then the fuchak fuchak put your face in the middle of your Kawal's claps.  Then the fuchak fuchak put your face in the middle of your Kawal's claps.  Then the fuchak fuchak fuchak fuchak sound will continue. fuchak fuchak sound will continue. fuchak fuchak sound will continue. Look, Bacha.  You are taking such tension.  Such Look, Bacha.  You are taking such tension.  Such Look, Bacha.  You are taking such tension.  Such Qawwals will come and sing such Qawwalis.   Do Qawwals will come and sing such Qawwalis.   Do Qawwals will come and sing such Qawwalis.   Do you know that your children will you know that your children will you know that your children will sing Qawwalis and not lullabies?   Are sing Qawwalis and not lullabies?   Are sing Qawwalis and not lullabies?   Are ?  Will you listen to Qawwali instead of lullaby?  Did ?  Will you listen to Qawwali instead of lullaby?  Did ?  Will you listen to Qawwali instead of lullaby?  Did you turn your grandmothers and great-grandmothers into fools by feeding them paan you turn your grandmothers and great-grandmothers into fools by feeding them paan you turn your grandmothers and great-grandmothers into fools by feeding them paan ? ? ? You just see it now.  So please welcome me with loud applause. You just see it now.  So please welcome me with loud applause. You just see it now.  So please welcome me with loud applause. Qawwal, Ustadji, Qawwal, Ustadji, Qawwal, Ustadji, Khan Sahib. Khan Sahib. Khan Sahib. [music] I think about how innocent they were. think about how innocent they were. think about how innocent they were. [Cheers] I [Cheers] I [Cheers] I think about how innocent they were. [Encouraging voice] I think, think, think, Ustad ji, what is the matter, I Ustad ji, what is the matter, I Ustad ji, what is the matter, I think, you will think, I think, how innocent he was, what he became after how innocent he was, what he became after how innocent he was, what he became after seeing him [Music] He knew how much he became after seeing him [Music] knew how much he became after seeing him [Music] knew how much he became after seeing him [Music] Look, how well Look, how well Look, how well he knew [Music] what he became, see, what a he knew [Music] what he became, see, what a he knew [Music] what he became, see, what a wonderful thing has been said, well, what a wonderful wonderful thing has been said, well, what a wonderful wonderful thing has been said, well, what a wonderful thing, thing, thing, who has who has who has said so beautifully for Archana ji, she used to said so beautifully for Archana ji, she used to said so beautifully for Archana ji, she used to come from the jetty after wooing the jetty man, wow wow, she used to come from the jetty after wooing the jetty man, wow wow, she used to come from the jetty after wooing the jetty man, now she come from the jetty after wooing the jetty man, now she come from the jetty after wooing the jetty man, now she comes directly in an auto after giving him the fare comes directly in an auto after giving him the fare comes directly in an auto after giving him the fare and what does the jetty man say after seeing her in the auto and what does the jetty man say after seeing her in the auto and what does the jetty man say after seeing her in the auto ?  What happened, look [music] What's the matter, Ustad ji, what's the matter, ah What's the matter, Ustad ji, what's the matter, ah What's the matter, Ustad ji, what's the matter, ah yes, it's your child's birthday, Jile Lal, yes, it's your child's birthday, Jile Lal, yes, it's your child's birthday, Jile Lal, where do I have to perform the Qawali, I have to perform it on the moon, oh, this is what I will do, friend, where do I have to perform the Qawali, I have to perform it on the moon, oh, this is what I will do, friend, where do I have to perform the Qawali, I have to perform it on the moon, oh, this is what I will do, friend, look, I have decorated it so much, O Lord, this is what I have to perform the look, I have decorated it so much, O Lord, this is what I have to perform the look, I have decorated it so much, O Lord, this is what I have to perform the Qawali, has Qawali, has Qawali, has any old poet said any old poet said any old poet said that a bird sleeps on every branch, do n't listen to such a big thing.   A n't listen to such a big thing.   A n't listen to such a big thing.   A bird sleeps on every branch. bird sleeps on every branch. bird sleeps on every branch. Even the wedding night room is decorated. Even the wedding night room is decorated. Even the wedding night room is decorated. Even the wedding night room is decorated. Even the wedding night room is decorated. If you sing the same Qawwali then when will If you sing the same Qawwali then when will If you sing the same Qawwali then when will you celebrate your wedding night? you celebrate your wedding night? you celebrate your wedding night? Very good. Very good. Very good. And if we don't celebrate our wedding night, And if we don't celebrate our wedding night, And if we don't celebrate our wedding night, where will the children come from?  [laughter] where will the children come from?  [laughter] where will the children come from?  [laughter] And if the children don't come, then the relatives will And if the children don't come, then the relatives will And if the children don't come, then the relatives will sing the same song, look what has happened [music] sing the same song, look what has happened [music] sing the same song, look what has happened [music] how are you wow wow Ustad ji, it was fun, what is your name wow wow Ustad ji, it was fun, what is your name My name is Ustad Medium Begum Ali Khan Sahib, My name is Ustad Medium Begum Ali Khan Sahib, My name is Ustad Medium Begum Ali Khan Sahib, medium, medium, medium, look, it is a male type look, it is a male type look, it is a male type name, then why is it a female type name, let me name, then why is it a female type name, let me name, then why is it a female type name, let me tell you, actually he tell you, actually he tell you, actually he likes Badshah very much and when he likes Badshah very much and when he likes Badshah very much and when he sees Badshah, the Begum inside him comes out. sees Badshah, the Begum inside him comes out. sees Badshah, the Begum inside him comes out. He said it right Your Majesty, He said it right Your Majesty, He said it right Your Majesty, come and take my life [laughs] I do n't like your behaviour, n't like your behaviour, n't like your behaviour, what kind of things do you say, your dhoti is so thin what kind of things do you say, your dhoti is so thin what kind of things do you say, your dhoti is so thin dear, what happened in the blink of an eye, friend, what happened in the blink of an eye, dear, what happened in the blink of an eye, friend, what happened in the blink of an eye, you had said that she is very famous, you had said that she is very famous, you had said that she is very famous, I have never heard the name Begum Ali Khan. I have never heard the name Begum Ali Khan. I have never heard the name Begum Ali Khan. So how would you have heard it?  Earlier he was famous by the name of Hansraj Hans. So how would you have heard it?  Earlier he was famous by the name of Hansraj Hans. Who is this?   Is it Who is this?   Is it Who is this?   Is it Hansraj Hans?  No. No.  His Hansraj Hans?  No. No.  His Hansraj Hans?  No. No.  His face does not match theirs. face does not match theirs. face does not match theirs. That's why we have become Daler Mehndi. That's why we have become Daler Mehndi. That's why we have become Daler Mehndi. We know him too, he has come here. We know him too, he has come here. We know him too, he has come here. Makeup has Makeup has Makeup has also arrived. also arrived. also arrived. Guru Randhawa has Guru Randhawa has Guru Randhawa has also arrived. also arrived. also arrived. Oh God.  All Punjabis come here.   Do you Oh God.  All Punjabis come here.   Do you Oh God.  All Punjabis come here.   Do you give me a Canadian visa? Look, if you are not any of these then Look, if you are not any of these then Look, if you are not any of these then how did you become famous?  We used to be Neha Kakkar earlier. how did you become famous?  We used to be Neha Kakkar earlier. She is a lady.   I She is a lady.   I She is a lady.   I told you that the Begum inside them wakes up, so told you that the Begum inside them wakes up, so told you that the Begum inside them wakes up, so that day Neha Kakkar went there. that day Neha Kakkar went there. that day Neha Kakkar went there. Then why should I not knock the door Raja Sitao hoye hoye raja oe hoye hoye raja oe hoye hoye raja hoye raja [ Then why should I not knock the door Raja Sitao hoye hoye raja oe hoye hoye raja oe hoye hoye raja hoye raja [ music] Ovi music] Ovi music] Ovi why are you dancing your husband is standing here you are why are you dancing your husband is standing here you are why are you dancing your husband is standing here you are calling the king that too without knocking the door at least get the calling the king that too without knocking the door at least get the door knocked [laughter] door knocked [laughter] door knocked [laughter] Tataluk na kare nava we will sing such songs for you that you will embrace us without Eid. we will sing such songs for you that you will embrace us without Eid. First tell me the truth, have you ever done any Qawwali with anyone else First tell me the truth, have you ever done any Qawwali with anyone else First tell me the truth, have you ever done any Qawwali with anyone else ?   I have done this ?   I have done this ?   I have done this many times, but Nawab Saheb has never been caught.   Was many times, but Nawab Saheb has never been caught.   Was many times, but Nawab Saheb has never been caught.   Was not caught.  [laughter] Did not caught.  [laughter] Did not caught.  [laughter] Did n't get caught. n't get caught. n't get caught. Yes sir.  They do Qawwali by running around like this.  Do Yes sir.  They do Qawwali by running around like this.  Do Yes sir.  They do Qawwali by running around like this.  Do n't get caught.   Oh, n't get caught.   Oh, n't get caught.   Oh, your kurta is so thin. your kurta is so thin. your kurta is so thin. How did it happen in the blink of an eye? Look, I am sensing something fishy, Look, I am sensing something fishy, Look, I am sensing something fishy, otherwise why are you not telling me otherwise why are you not telling me otherwise why are you not telling me with whom you have sung the Qawali, Didi, with whom you have sung the Qawali, Didi, with whom you have sung the Qawali, Didi, why are you talking like this, Moti Apa, why are you talking like this, Moti Apa, why are you talking like this, Moti Apa, we have a very famous Qawali, we have a very famous Qawali, we have a very famous Qawali, you might have heard of it, you might have heard of it, you might have heard of it, which one? which one? which one? These black Qawali eyes [Music] These black Qawali eyes [Music] These black Qawali eyes [Music] These fair gore cheeks, These fair gore cheeks, These fair gore cheeks, these black black eyes [Music] Fair gore ga gore ga gore ga This seems to be heard of, no no, there is nothing like that, This seems to be heard of, no no, there is nothing like that, This seems to be heard of, no no, there is nothing like that, Ustad ji has Ustad ji has Ustad ji has also sung Qawali with Michael Jackson, also sung Qawali with Michael Jackson, also sung Qawali with Michael Jackson, yes, when did Michael Jackson sing Qawali, yes, when did Michael Jackson sing Qawali, yes, when did Michael Jackson sing Qawali, actually Michael Jackson sahab actually Michael Jackson sahab actually Michael Jackson sahab tried Qawali from there, tell me what is it, tried Qawali from there, tell me what is it, tried Qawali from there, tell me what is it, he did not do it, we he did not do it, we he did not do it, we started Qawali, he started walking in such a way that we cannot do it, he is started Qawali, he started walking in such a way that we cannot do it, he is started Qawali, he started walking in such a way that we cannot do it, he is not walking like this, that is moon walk, it is not walking like this, that is moon walk, it is not walking like this, that is moon walk, it is his famous step, we still his famous step, we still his famous step, we still cannot believe it.  This is some Qawwal, Chandu. cannot believe it.  This is some Qawwal, Chandu. cannot believe it.  This is some Qawwal, Chandu. What are you saying Jile Lahi?  Ca What are you saying Jile Lahi?  Ca What are you saying Jile Lahi?  Ca n't you see this flexibility of the waist? n't you see this flexibility of the waist? n't you see this flexibility of the waist? Jile Ilahi, Jile Ilahi, Jile Ilahi, if you permit me, I will start the Qawwali.   Wait if you permit me, I will start the Qawwali.   Wait if you permit me, I will start the Qawwali.   Wait a minute, Ustad ji, if you are in the mood for wet Qawwali, should a minute, Ustad ji, if you are in the mood for wet Qawwali, should a minute, Ustad ji, if you are in the mood for wet Qawwali, should I get a diaper from inside I get a diaper from inside I get a diaper from inside ?  [Music] ?  [Music] ?  [Music] This is the hook step of our Qawwali, Motipa. This is the hook step of our Qawwali, Motipa. This is the hook step of our Qawwali, Motipa. You won't understand. Didi Didi Didi Jiju [music] Puri Puri Puri Come on come on Come on come on Come on come on Didi first take the gift Didi first take the gift Didi first take the gift Gift [laughs] How cute my sister is, what a How cute my sister is, what a How cute my sister is, what a gift she has brought, let me see I gift she has brought, let me see I gift she has brought, let me see I think they open a new gift in front of everyone, they do think they open a new gift in front of everyone, they do think they open a new gift in front of everyone, they do n't open it for us.  You are from the house. n't open it for us.  You are from the house. n't open it for us.  You are from the house. You are right. You are right. You are right. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Savings kit? Savings kit? Savings kit? You bring a savings kit for our one year old child. You bring a savings kit for our one year old child. Yes brother-in-law, you yourself say that nowadays Yes brother-in-law, you yourself say that nowadays Yes brother-in-law, you yourself say that nowadays children grow up before their age.  Now children grow up before their age.  Now children grow up before their age.  Now who knows, your child may also grow a beard in a month or two. who knows, your child may also grow a beard in a month or two. Dude, this girl has Dude, this girl has Dude, this girl has n't gained any sense in all these years.  A small child n't gained any sense in all these years.  A small child n't gained any sense in all these years.  A small child grows a beard.  Yes, this is your absolutely rubbish gift. grows a beard.  Yes, this is your absolutely rubbish gift. grows a beard.  Yes, this is your absolutely rubbish gift. Hey sister, I myself am the gift. Hey sister, I myself am the gift. Hey sister, I myself am the gift. Today I will perform magic on your child's birthday. Today I will perform magic on your child's birthday. Today I will perform magic on your child's birthday. Your magic has already taken over me. Your magic has already taken over me. Your magic has already taken over me. What's on your mind isn't magic. What's on your mind isn't magic. What's on your mind isn't magic. This is okay. This is okay. This is okay. And sister, why have you invited this inauspicious person on such an auspicious occasion And sister, why have you invited this inauspicious person on such an auspicious occasion And sister, why have you invited this inauspicious person on such an auspicious occasion ? ? ? Called means I have organised this entire party. Called means I have organised this entire party. What? What? What? Yes.  And Yes.  And Yes.  And I have brought all the Qawwali masters here. These people and other masters These people and other masters These people and other masters sell powder in buses. sell powder in buses. sell powder in buses. These and other These and other These and other such people buy powder from the same buses and such people buy powder from the same buses and such people buy powder from the same buses and consume it.   The sound of sigh is also heard. sound of sigh is also heard. sound of sigh is also heard. Come on Nawab Saheb, let's dance with us. Come on Nawab Saheb, let's dance with us. Come on Nawab Saheb, let's dance with us. Excuse me, why are you calling my brother-in-law Nawab Excuse me, why are you calling my brother-in-law Nawab Excuse me, why are you calling my brother-in-law Nawab ? ? ? District, we are handicapped because of our manners. District, we are handicapped because of our manners. District, we are handicapped because of our manners. Otherwise, what do we call them?   Yes, Otherwise, what do we call them?   Yes, my heart was alone, you played like this in your my heart was alone, you played like this in your my heart was alone, you played like this in your memories [Music], memories [Music], memories [Music], I played magic all night long [Music] Magic Magic Magic What's the matter, what's the matter, What's the matter, what's the matter, What's the matter, what's the matter, Sapna, are you crazy, Sapna, are you crazy, Sapna, are you crazy, today is not my friend's wedding, today is my children's today is not my friend's wedding, today is my children's today is not my friend's wedding, today is my children's birthday, no, no, it was birthday, no, no, it was birthday, no, no, it was my friend's wedding, I my friend's wedding, I my friend's wedding, I could not go there, so I thought my dance would be could not go there, so I thought my dance would be could not go there, so I thought my dance would be wasted, so I came here and did wasted, so I came here and did wasted, so I came here and did this, anyway, this, anyway, this, anyway, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday. happy birthday. happy birthday. Happy birthday is fine.  Why have you Happy birthday is fine.  Why have you Happy birthday is fine.  Why have you brought the cylinder with you? brought the cylinder with you? brought the cylinder with you? Hey, this is a gift for your child. Hey, this is a gift for your child. Hey, this is a gift for your child. Cylinder Cylinder Cylinder yes yes yes shaving kit.  It's our child's birthday.   There has shaving kit.  It's our child's birthday.   There has shaving kit.  It's our child's birthday.   There has not been a flood yet and all the relief funds are coming here too.   Do not been a flood yet and all the relief funds are coming here too.   Do n't mind, I will come to the district.   She is a n't mind, I will come to the district.   She is a n't mind, I will come to the district.   She is a woman like a gas plant.  She will only gift the cylinder, woman like a gas plant.  She will only gift the cylinder, woman like a gas plant.  She will only gift the cylinder, what else can she do? what else can she do? what else can she do? I said something.  I said something. I said something.  I said something. I said something.  I said something. I am the child's aunt.  Aunty, I am the child's aunt.  Aunty, I am the child's aunt.  Aunty, well, this guy too has his own thing going on well, this guy too has his own thing going on well, this guy too has his own thing going on here.  [laughs] here.  [laughs] here.  [laughs] Wherever she sees her own benefit, she makes a relationship. Wherever she sees her own benefit, she makes a relationship. Wherever she sees her own benefit, she makes a relationship. Sometimes she becomes someone's nephew. Sometimes she becomes someone's nephew. Sometimes she becomes someone's nephew. Sometimes she becomes someone's aunt.  Sometimes she becomes someone's Sometimes she becomes someone's aunt.  Sometimes she becomes someone's Sometimes she becomes someone's aunt.  Sometimes she becomes someone's sister.  It is made. I would still have made relationships.  Not like you. I would still have made relationships.  Not like you. I would still have made relationships.  Not like you. His family members reject him. His family members reject him. His family members reject him. His own father goes out His own father goes out His own father goes out with him, right?  He says he is my aunt's son. with him, right?  He says he is my aunt's son. with him, right?  He says he is my aunt's son. Oh, the woman bigger than the JCB machine, Oh, the woman bigger than the JCB machine, Oh, the woman bigger than the JCB machine, I am a JCB, I am very good, I am telling you that I will bury I am a JCB, I am very good, I am telling you that I will bury you even after digging at your place, I am you even after digging at your place, I am you even after digging at your place, I am telling you, I am Titli Bhabhi, tell these people, telling you, I am Titli Bhabhi, tell these people, telling you, I am Titli Bhabhi, tell these people, I am the child's aunt, I am the child's aunt, I am the child's aunt, hello, there are no hello, there are no hello, there are no wells of death like yours, wells of death like yours, wells of death like yours, not an aunt, I am the not an aunt, I am the not an aunt, I am the original aunt, original aunt, original aunt, see, you are like a candle, if you blow on it, it will see, you are like a candle, if you blow on it, it will see, you are like a candle, if you blow on it, it will extinguish, the elder one is here, extinguish, the elder one is here, extinguish, the elder one is here, beware, if I trouble you like this on my child's birthday, beware, if I trouble you like this on my child's birthday, hey Kapal sahab, what are you doing, you have come to see the fight between women, oh, it is a hey Kapal sahab, what are you doing, you have come to see the fight between women, oh, it is a lot of fun to see the fight between women, in lot of fun to see the fight between women, in lot of fun to see the fight between women, in our place, if there is no fight, then I will make these our place, if there is no fight, then I will make these our place, if there is no fight, then I will make these two girls fight among themselves, Juda two girls fight among themselves, Juda two girls fight among themselves, Juda beating is very famous in our place, beating is very famous in our place, beating is very famous in our place, Jilelahi Jilelahi Jilelahi Ustad ji, you start the Qawwali. Ustad ji, you start the Qawwali. Ustad ji, you start the Qawwali. Why does Moti Apa get angry? Why does Moti Apa get angry? Why does Moti Apa get angry? Let's start the Qawwali. Let's start the Qawwali. Let's start the Qawwali. Yes, do it. Yes, do it. Yes, do it. Come and sit next to us and Come and sit next to us and Come and sit next to us and enjoy the quality.  [laughter] enjoy the quality.  [laughter] enjoy the quality.  [laughter] Yeah, let's get started. Yeah, let's get started. Yeah, let's get started. So let us start this colourful birthday evening So let us start this colourful birthday evening So let us start this colourful birthday evening with his name. with his name. with his name. Who is the head of this locality.  Yes, okay, okay, Who is the head of this locality.  Yes, okay, okay, Who is the head of this locality.  Yes, okay, okay, what's the matter, I have what's the matter, I have what's the matter, I have requested requested requested People came People came People came here to earn money, somehow or the other, people ate Siddh's chair, how [Music] She [Music] She [Music] She eats it at one time.  Eats one at a time eats it at one time.  Eats one at a time eats it at one time.  Eats one at a time [music].  She also takes the bag home in polythene.  It [music].  She also takes the bag home in polythene.  It [music].  She also takes the bag home in polythene.  It also takes the house [music].   She also takes the house [music].   She also takes the house [music].   She laughs so loudly.  Even the witch gets scared.  She gets laughs so loudly.  Even the witch gets scared.  She gets laughs so loudly.  Even the witch gets scared.  She gets scared [music].  By becoming Kapoor Bhai, she scared [music].  By becoming Kapoor Bhai, she scared [music].  By becoming Kapoor Bhai, she also makes people laugh.  It also takes away.   The one who also makes people laugh.  It also takes away.   The one who causes trouble [music] You will regret the heart [music] The You will regret the heart [music] The You will regret the heart [music] The day he comes he will take him away The day he comes he will take him away The day he comes he will take him away The day he comes [music] he will day he comes [music] he will day he comes [music] he will take away [music] he will take away [music] he will take away [voice of song] he will take away [voice of song] he will take away [voice of song] he will take away [music] he will take away So [music] he will take away So ladies and gentlemen, I have made a request for Bachcha Yadav ladies and gentlemen, I have made a request for Bachcha Yadav ladies and gentlemen, I have made a request for Bachcha Yadav whose son's birthday is at whose son's birthday is at 11 o'clock I don't know what he eats, let's go for a 11 o'clock I don't know what he eats, let's go for a 11 o'clock I don't know what he eats, let's go for a walk for two minutes [music] he becomes a child, he becomes a walk for two minutes [music] he becomes a child, he becomes a walk for two minutes [music] he becomes a child, he becomes a child he becomes a child he looks child he becomes a child he looks child he becomes a child he looks like a watermelon how is his hairstyle, like a watermelon how is his hairstyle, like a watermelon how is his hairstyle, understand the heart, he looks like a hero, he looks exactly like [music] he is like this, exactly like this, exactly like this understand the heart, he looks like a hero, he looks exactly like [music] he is like this, exactly like this, exactly like this how long will he keep telling jokes on elders how long will he keep telling jokes on elders how long will he keep telling jokes on elders [music] but because of this elders will get banned [music] he will [music] he will [music] he will take away he will take away he will take away take away he will take away he will take away [music] he will [music] he will [music] he will take away wow wow wow take away wow wow wow take away wow wow wow this is very good this is very good this is very good what a thing Ustad ji what a thing it is, what a thing Ustad ji what a thing it is, what a thing Ustad ji what a thing it is, now you have heard it on us, so now play a little on now you have heard it on us, so now play a little on now you have heard it on us, so now play a little on our behalf, on our wife, on the our behalf, on our wife, on the our behalf, on our wife, on the butterfly, take it on our butterfly, take it on our butterfly, take it on our behalf, take it, take it for whatever behalf, take it, take it for whatever behalf, take it, take it for whatever work it is for them  I have come here with the money and have work it is for them  I have come here with the money and have work it is for them  I have come here with the money and have requested for the fat one, so what is requested for the fat one, so what is requested for the fat one, so what is your beauty? your beauty? your beauty? Its name is butterfly.  It looks good but it eats.   She Its name is butterfly.  It looks good but it eats.   She eats 100 rotis in one sitting [music]. eats 100 rotis in one sitting [music]. eats 100 rotis in one sitting [music]. She eats while sitting.  She eats while sitting.   The She eats while sitting.  She eats while sitting.   The She eats while sitting.  She eats while sitting.   The kids say it's Mummy [music] kids say it's Mummy [music] kids say it's Mummy [music] Parila.  Consider yourself Munni who looks like Parila.  Consider yourself Munni who looks like Parila.  Consider yourself Munni who looks like Akila [music].   It Akila [music].   It Akila [music].   It is a fair.  No matter how much you try [music], no matter how much you do [music], it won't be possible, the you do [music], it won't be possible, the you do [music], it won't be possible, the dung dung dung eater will eat so much food, eater will eat so much food, eater will eat so much food, so much food [music] will eat, will eat so much food [music] will eat, will eat so much food [music] will eat, will eat [music] will [music] will [music] will eat, will eat, will eat, will eat, will eat, will eat, will eat eat eat Now let's talk about the grasshopper which is smaller than the butterfly. Now let's talk about the grasshopper which is smaller than the butterfly. Bolo distributes equal cards in gambling [music].  She distributes equal cards in gambling [music].  She distributes equal cards in gambling [music].  She picks your pocket in two minutes in the train.  She picks your pocket in two minutes in the train.  She picks your pocket in two minutes in the train.  She takes the bite [music].  She bites it. takes the bite [music].  She bites it. takes the bite [music].  She bites it. Chandu Bhave wala loves this one a lot [music]. Chandu Bhave wala loves this one a lot [music]. Chandu Bhave wala loves this one a lot [music]. Open your mouth and see, there is two and a half grams of gold.   She goes Open your mouth and see, there is two and a half grams of gold.   She goes Open your mouth and see, there is two and a half grams of gold.   She goes here and there and gives auditions [music] and here and there and gives auditions [music] and here and there and gives auditions [music] and pulls the goat by tying it to a boat.  She pulls pulls the goat by tying it to a boat.  She pulls pulls the goat by tying it to a boat.  She pulls [music] The goat pulls.  Those who die in this [music] The goat pulls.  Those who die in this [music] The goat pulls.  Those who die in this [music] tomorrow, those who die in this tomorrow, you will regret it a lot. die in this tomorrow, you will regret it a lot. die in this tomorrow, you will regret it a lot. [Music] You will also marry her.  The fleet will be wrong. [Music] You will also marry her.  The fleet will be wrong. [Music] You will also marry her.  The fleet will be wrong. You will also marry her.  My You will also marry her.  My You will also marry her.  My [music] It will be my home It will be [music] It will be my home It will be [music] It will be my home It will be my home It will be my home It will be my home It will be my home It will be my home It will be my home my home It will be my home It will be my home It will be my home It will be my home It will be my home I am ready to turn the tables Come on I am ready to turn the tables Come on I am ready to turn the tables Come on Oh Sapnooli You are laughing a lot, aren't you Oh Sapnooli You are laughing a lot, aren't you Oh Sapnooli You are laughing a lot, aren't you Ustad ji, tell me something about this Sapnooli Ustad ji, tell me something about this Sapnooli Ustad ji, tell me something about this Sapnooli Oh no, tell me, she was laughing a lot during our time too Oh no, tell me, she was laughing a lot during our time too Oh no, tell me, she was laughing a lot during our time too Take this and tell me, you Take this and tell me, you count this Ustad with this Is she fake, what a request she has made count this Ustad with this Is she fake, what a request she has made count this Ustad with this Is she fake, what a request she has made What a thing She What a thing She applies hot oil on her body [song voice] She bathes the notes in the parlor Under these pretexts She applies hot oil on her body [song voice] She bathes the notes in the parlor Under these pretexts She bathes the notes [music] She bathes the notes bathes the notes [music] She bathes the notes In a 10-minute entry She dances for seven minutes In a 10-minute entry She dances for seven minutes In a 10-minute entry She dances for seven minutes from the actors again and again [music] She asks for one crore She asks for from the actors again and again [music] She asks for one crore She asks for one crore Those who roam around disguised as girls one crore Those who roam around disguised as girls [music] Those who [music] Those who [music] Those who roam around disguised as girls Will not be able to become a boy Until then roam around disguised as girls Will not be able to become a boy Until then roam around disguised as girls Will not be able to become a boy Until then Govinda will eat Govinda will eat Govinda will eat [music] Till then Govinda will eat Mama will eat I really enjoyed the preparations you made I eat I really enjoyed the preparations you made I eat I really enjoyed the preparations you made I really enjoyed it deep inside I just did really enjoyed it deep inside I just did really enjoyed it deep inside I just did n't  Please say a little about him too, n't  Please say a little about him too, n't  Please say a little about him too, I want some spit to come out of his ears too I want some spit to come out of his ears too I want some spit to come out of his ears too Brother, take whatever is left of mine too, Brother, take whatever is left of mine too, Brother, take whatever is left of mine too, but tell me, oh but tell me, oh but tell me, oh Allah, the entire bank has come, I have made a throne for this Chandu, Allah, the entire bank has come, I have made a throne for this Chandu, Ustad ji, please reduce it a little, Ustad ji, please reduce it a little, Ustad ji, please reduce it a little, I am not Chandu that I will reduce it.   I will do whatever I have I am not Chandu that I will reduce it.   I will do whatever I have I am not Chandu that I will reduce it.   I will do whatever I have promised to Soni sir. promised to Soni sir. His name is Chandu.  It is found on the road. His name is Chandu.  It is found on the road. His name is Chandu.  It is found on the road. He earns money in the name of God [music]. He earns money in the name of God [music]. He earns and eats.  He earns and eats. He earns and eats.  He earns and eats. He earns and eats.  He earns and eats. He snatches biscuits from the mouth [music].  Nothing He snatches biscuits from the mouth [music].  Nothing He snatches biscuits from the mouth [music].  Nothing else comes without Oye Oye. else comes without Oye Oye. else comes without Oye Oye. And [music] nothing comes.  Nothing else comes to mind. And [music] nothing comes.  Nothing else comes to mind. And [music] nothing comes.  Nothing else comes to mind. In the affair of friendship [music] In the affair of friendship [music] How long will it take to fall asleep affair of friendship [music] How long will it take to fall asleep affair of friendship [music] How long will it take to fall asleep ?  Make some arrangement of your own, you will die of hunger. ?  Make some arrangement of your own, you will die of hunger. ?  Make some arrangement of your own, you will die of hunger. Make some arrangement for yourself, you will Make some arrangement for yourself, you will Make some arrangement for yourself, you will die hungry [music].  Make some arrangement for yourself, die hungry [music].  Make some arrangement for yourself, die hungry [music].  Make some arrangement for yourself, you will die of hunger.  Make some arrangement for yourself you will die of hunger.  Make some arrangement for yourself you will die of hunger.  Make some arrangement for yourself You will die of hunger.  You will die of hunger. You will die of hunger.  You will die of hunger. You will die of hunger.  You will die of hunger. You will die of hunger.  I will die, I will die [music] I will die, I will die You will die of hunger.  I will die, I will die [music] I will die, I will die You will die of hunger.  I will die, I will die [music] I will die, I will die [music] I will die, I will die, I will die [music] Let [music] I will die, I will die, I will die [music] Let the alap be completed quickly, alap live for the alap be completed quickly, alap live for the alap be completed quickly, alap live for one minute, one minute, you do n't want to take it take it take it Sharma Sharma Sharma Pappu Sharma Sharmapurma Pappu Sharma Sharmapurma Pappu Sharma Sharmapurma one second one second, girls, girls, you all one second one second, girls, girls, you all one second one second, girls, girls, you all leave.  Take an auto and tell him to keep it started. leave.  Take an auto and tell him to keep it started. Hurry up, hey, take the money too. Hurry up, hey, take the money too. Hurry up, hey, take the money too. Firstly, God knows why we get caught in the end. Firstly, God knows why we get caught in the end. Firstly, God knows why we get caught in the end. My salwar is getting My salwar is getting My salwar is getting loose due to fear.  Wait a second, two minutes. loose due to fear.  Wait a second, two minutes. loose due to fear.  Wait a second, two minutes. We have to rob.   The We have to rob.   The We have to rob.   The place of singing is sacred.  Don't wear shoes.   He is place of singing is sacred.  Don't wear shoes.   He is place of singing is sacred.  Don't wear shoes.   He is preparing. preparing. preparing. What was the need to take up the job? What was the need to take up the job? What was the need to take up the job? Jay