So today I am going to live
in the world's smallest car for 24 hours. And I am taking up this
challenge because in our childhood
we played ghar-ghar a lot. Let's
play car today brother. Brother, this train is
ending even before it starts.
Brother, this room ended as soon as it started.
What are you doing here?
Now if something happens to you in a closed car, there should be someone to take care of you. It
is a fact.
Son, don't stay in this car for even an hour or two. Have to stay for
24 hours.
24 what? I can even stay for 25 hours. Brother,
this is nothing serious. 25 hours
and in this world's smallest car. Is the
bet placed?
₹25 lakh.
What 25 lakhs?
₹25 lakh bet?
I don't have that much. My account is working.
I am not working.
These things cannot be told.
5 lakhs?
5 lakh bet. Dun Dun. Will have to give.
Well, now a bet of Rs 5 lakh has been placed. Let's see whether
Triguna can stay in this car for 24 hours
or Sejal can become a cow. Come
inside, monkey.
How do I get the money? I will come through the door.
depression.
Sejal? Where did you go?
I am here. Let us go. I have brought all the stuff. If you have to
stay in the car for 24 hours, then come on
, take the name of God and start
your challenge. Look here and there. It's
very hot here, friend. Just
brother, this is a 15 year old car and the
AC doesn't even work in it. What would have happened 15 years ago? It is
feeling so hot.
So let it be then.
I have brought food, eat that first.
No, I am going to have breakfast first.
You eat it.
Son, the more water you drink, the
more you will pee.
I will drink this water first, then I will fill it.
You're a very mean [music] man.
I will drink water, I will fill my life. Mountain
Duke [music] Of the mother of fear.
Which green color did you like?
Duke is green.
I will drink, I will fill the water.
Feed me something now.
I have brought bread from home. Feed me
bread.
Now I have to stay in it for 24 hours. Bring the food to the
police station and it is time for breakfast now. It is
now 11:00 in the morning. So let's
eat food and then
start the challenge. Now we have to sit in it till 11:00 tomorrow.
Triguna.
Tomorrow at 11:00.
Food will also be available in this.
And if it reaches 40 then.
What is this? What is he saying, friend?
So simply get down. 5 lakhs are mine. It does
n't happen like this. If I had
known earlier, I would have applied it on new ones.
Listen to one thing, my phone is
not charging at all. And here even that charger is not available. Did
n't it happen on time earlier?
How will you charge the phone? Have you brought a power bank
? There is no phone. What solar plate?
Where were you? Wise Baba. I have a
solar plate [MUSIC] on the back of my phone. If
I give it like this, it will get charged.
Keep quiet brother. It is
not in your phone. It is
feeling very hot. [MUSIC]
He ignored me like this.
Like Modi ji is talking about protest. It's
so hot, brother, I can't even
eat bread, how will I survive? [music]
I took the 24-hour challenge arrogantly. I will do it.
I told my production team to
bring the car. I'll tell them. There's
no AC. Madam,
lie. There's
no water. Make me wash my hands.
How will it be when the camera is on? Have
you ever washed your hands at home? After eating, one finger is
in her nose, the other is also in her nose.
She eats with that and says, I'll wash my hands. I have to
use the water in such a way that it lasts till night. I'll use
Blinkit. You give me water. It's getting
very hot.
How will the Blinkit one come in this jungle?
Houses are visible behind. Sorry [laughs]
Sorry,
friend, I didn't even bring anything for a fan. It's so
hot, friend. I can't even fit in this small car.
What are you hinting at, ma'am? You're our team's
hinting at this. Don't say this.
Hey, what should I do, brother?
What should I do with this, ma'am? Tell me a little [laughs] One of them
suddenly told me to
sit inside the challenge video. You will get 25 lakhs.
Oh my God, he is opening his dhoti.
Listen to me, the subscribers are going well.
Your
subscribers are about to reach 20 million. The
party will give you this
in this vehicle.
These people do not understand any compulsion.
Tell me what to do friend? Time is not passing here at all. Do
you have loot? Yes,
I have brought it. I have brought it. I have
brought games to pass the time.
Where is my bag?
We can't get down after seeing this.
Yes.
But you can get some air from the car by opening the door.
What are you doing?
You are out as soon as you come out. I ca
n't see you.
I have a car. I don't sit. Let
me also come up. Then this car will stop.
Womannain. The car will stop. The car is parked right now. Are
you crazy?
Rain!
Hey, who is this?
My friend has come, guys. I am unable to go.
I am taking a challenge sister. Please come here and
meet me. Would it be okay
if I called you rain instead of Varsha
?
Brother, neither of us was ready to lose this challenge,
hence the
problems kept increasing.
Come downstairs, friend, let's play Ludo.
Let's play Ludo. Come down.
I forgot to push.
These days the girl is pushing a lot. Let's go. Do
you have any plans here?
Bring back this snake.
Oye oe, after my snake, you have brought this snake.
Our friend is amazing.
Come on guys let's play some Ludo. [Music]
[ __ ],
mine will also come now. Now it's my turn, the
bus has opened. The
turn comes again. Someone teach him.
What?
I am not playing. We play something different. Let's
play Truth and Dare. Good. Stone,
Paper, Scissors.
What has happened?
Stone, Paper, Scissors. You tell me, truth or
dare?
See, Dare will be inside the car.
No, I will give the dare because go out and
drive. There's something written on my forehead [music]
What's the spelling?
Yes, it is written Champion.
Champion Champion Champion You are a champion.
Tell me the truth or dear?
Truth.
Come on subscriber, do you want to know
their real truth? So tell me
where will Truth host his birthday party? He
said he is in Dubai.
Come on, tell me the truth, the name of your favorite actress. If
I say something about the camera, there will be a controversy.
His family will come to know.
Yes, yes, you are the one. You have
understood, right,
sitting-sitting-sitting-sitting-sitting-sitting.
Someone is talking to you. Don't be proud. [ __ ] it. Come on
brother. Ask.
Okay, then tell me this, you will become the CM for a day. Do
n't interrupt.
Will she become PM?
Yes. What are those
three activities that will bring change
in India? First of all,
I will do it for girls that this
wrong thing that happens to girls, you know about
girls' freedom. At
the moment, boys are becoming girls. They are
available in droves. A
smiling face does not mean that they
never have any problems.
And he fell [laughter].
I will do this. I will come to this also. But
first, I want to tell you about Girls Who Can't Get Out of Freedom.
Girls are
not able to feel safe when rape and other such things happen to them. First of all
I will change this. Second sale:
I will make Baba a YouTuber. India's number one
third, I will get his Dubai visa done on 13th.
So happy
something else is playing. What to do? Let's
show some reels.
This is my favorite child. This is my favorite
girl from Korea whom I follow. Is it
clean? She is
calling Amma. I am not calling you. I really like
this
girl, my friend. My dream is to meet this girl
but she lives in South Korea and
I live in India.
Yes, it is feeling hot. Order something from Zomato, I am feeling
hungry and hot too.
I don't care.
Why did it happen on the bus?
Give me my phone. There
is so much battery. I can order something from Zomato. I am feeling
hungry.
You know this is my new shirt and new pants
[MUSIC].
I said, you have also come. I will do it
with you, I brought the challan and followed it short.
Baba, please take out this betel nut from your mouth and talk to me. Have you noticed that when you sweat and
that sweat goes into your eyes, then there is a
salty feeling, it is salt water in the eyes, yuck
friend, are you crazy, tell me if you
know what it is, we are feeling hot right now,
after an hour when our body will get to
know the temperature, it will become normal
and we will not sweat, this is
our science behind this,
where were you Gyani Baba, do you
know what happened today, we have
a friend Piyush in our gym, he has opened something new, so
he sleeps late at night, it comes at 2-2:30, then he
came in the morning and said that no friend, I am
not getting enough sleep. What should I do? I said do
one thing, take a day off and
sleep continuously for 24 hours. Because we need 8
hours of sleep a day. So what will happen? 3 * 8 = 24 Three
days of complete sleep.
What are you going to eat?
A Few Moments Later.
When will it come? The
call from Zomato has come. We placed the order.
Hi. Brother, we cannot come out from here.
Our car challenge is going on. Place your
order here with us.
Thank you brother.
Finally the food has arrived from Zomato. Thank
you brother. Brother was not wearing a T-shirt,
so brother is saying not to take it. Okay,
no one understood.
Speak loudly and tell people about the schemes.
Brother, it was getting so hot. I have
ordered special cold coffee.
Give me the pipe. Take the
pipe. Teen is saying, say straw,
poor man, you look dirty in the video. [laughs]
Dude, how do I get longer legs? How does this seat move forward
?
Tell me how to make my legs longer? The
legs have to be lengthened. How will the seat be positioned?
The seat does not move forward.
What do you mean there are no seats in the front of the vehicles, they are
old.
Hey, this is not a car. This is a ship. Is there
any sense in this?
Guys, we have had our meal and now God is with us.
We were feeling hot
but it is raining at our place.
Come up Trigun. It is raining.
Someone will even take a bath. You didn't take a bath in the morning
today. How did you know?
One minute. We have said that we have to
stay in the car for 24 hours. So we can hit gay in this, right?
Brother, this is a 15 year old car.
We don't know anything. That means let's
try.
She is also standing in a forest.
This challenge took us from day to night
but neither of us was
ready to accept defeat. Now I just had to do something so
that Triguna would lose and those ₹5 lakhs would become mine.
Guys, it's raining heavily
in the middle of the challenge. You must be seeing it.
Fill water from this and come back. Come back with water during the rain.
Wait, wait, I will move the car forward.
How will you take the car forward?
I know it. You go ahead and I will fill it. Look, go
out from outside.
Good sir.
Man, what a small car it is. I am not able to fit in. Got stuck.
Take the car a little further. I have to
fill water.
See the shop as well. The
car is not starting. It's done, it's done. It's done, it's done. It's done. Take it
forward, take it a little forward and back. I have to
fill water. The rain is coming down very hard,
friend. How will the challenge be? The
rain is coming so hard.
Depression brother, I can't see anything.
I can't see anything, mother.
Don't drive like this, you will have an accident, you
fool.
Hey, it's raining and the wipers aren't working.
Aye Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram
Ram.
I am feeling very scared. Why did
I do this challenge?
I have to go to my home. Then
do one thing. You get out of the car
and throw Rs 5 lakh in my face. Hey bastard, stop it one hundred and fifty minutes later, it's been
one and a half hours since I'm watching reels, I'm
tired, what can I do now, nothing else has come of it, it's
raining, the
weather is so nice, so I should drink tea, I want to
drink
biscuit tea, I'll just
drink tea and go to sleep because I do
n't eat at night and when I wake up, 24
hours will be over, so simply I'm going to win
this challenge, now
you're misunderstanding, so it's
10:30 at night right now and when I
wake up in the morning, 24 hours will be over,
I'll take my ₹5 lakh and leave for my home, go and sleep
there, I have to stretch my legs.
You made me cry, friend.
Why is your mother kicking and beating her chest?
I have to straighten my legs. You can sleep
as you wish.
Who sleeps with makeup on? Clean your makeup.
Now my makeup wipes are lying there, friend.
How can I go into the room? If you sleep in the car, you will have to
sleep like this.
Why a little wipe? [MUSIC]
How? I
spit on the sheet. It will be for the sheet.
He rubbed his face. Do
n't irritate me, friend. Give me some gold [screaming sound].
It seems she is unable to get out of the old video.
Sejal has fallen asleep. Hey, I
knew it was him. Let me see what I have brought to scare Sejal.
Hey, it will be fun.
Sejal,
what is this on your shoulder?
Hey, look over your shoulder.
What is this?
[screaming sound] Shut up, shut up. I kept quiet. It's yours,
I won't go out. Please don't do this, I am
scared of your secrets.
Where did you go silently?
Where did it go? It got
lost. I feel that you have
lied, don't create drama, I am
scared friend, please move aside, I am scared, I am scared,
I will go out, Lakh
5 Lakh
Trigun, please move aside, I want to come inside,
Chaku Bandar
Mast Kalandar
Trigun, I am scared,
come, come, he is not saying anything, come, now you are gone
son,
he has scared me with a lizard, right [music]
I have a trick with which he will run away,
first of all get out of the car, move the lizard back, it is a
fake lizard friend,
come on, move it back, don't bother your mind,
now you go to sleep for some time,
I will tell him. It
bothered me, didn't it, Lazard? He has a problem with mehndi.
Now I will show him the real thing. This is
mehndi for me. Now let me taste it.
What is coming in this? I do
n't know
what this [screaming sound] is?
Mehndi.
Your mother's.
Get out. Get out. Someone has to win.
I will control it. [laughter] I'll
sell it. Hi you said my name. Get out and
then get out. I am leaving.
I will not remove it. I will fill
this car with henna. Push it back. Move back, friend,
I will die.
Dude, this is cheating, look at this. You have
caught my weakness, brother. This cheating behind the back is
not good. Back
finally got out of the car before me.
You are cheating.
So finally I have won the challenge.
This is cheating. I don't believe it brother. You also
brought it to stick to. I just did a little
powerful trick on me.
You did something wrong to me, I mean you did something wrong brother, this is
my physical activity.
I won, right? I won, please give me my money. I have
finally won ₹5 lakh. The
audience also knows that you have cheated.
Brother, I did not cheat. I will take
revenge.
This hidden line.
I will take revenge from you in the next challenge. I will
not forget. I will remember.
I also belong to Manjuli.
