What's up guy welcome back to my youtube's review I will give about Impact Way youtube's review I will give about Impact Way youtube's review I will give about Impact Way Isolate from My Protein and it is not a Isolate from My Protein and it is not a Isolate from My Protein and it is not a paid promotion I will also put my order history paid promotion I will also put my order history paid promotion I will also put my order history on the side so that you guys can be a on the side so that you guys can be a on the side so that you guys can be a little convinced also if you little convinced also if you little convinced also if you scroll through my videos then in the very scroll through my videos then in the very scroll through my videos then in the very beginning I had ordered a full stack of My Protein from my sister beginning I had ordered a full stack of My Protein from my sister from Canada so since then I was addicted to it that from Canada so since then I was addicted to it that from Canada so since then I was addicted to it that when will it come to India and when will it come to India and when will it come to India and I want to try the Indian manufactured ones I want to try the Indian manufactured ones I want to try the Indian manufactured ones so without wasting any time let me so without wasting any time let me so without wasting any time let me bring the bad boys so currently I am using these two bring the bad boys so currently I am using these two bring the bad boys so currently I am using these two isolate proteins one is isolate proteins one is isolate proteins one is strawberry cream and one is chocolate strawberry cream and one is chocolate strawberry cream and one is chocolate brownie right yes so these are 11 kj packs brownie right yes so these are 11 kj packs brownie right yes so these are 11 kj packs which I am using now first of all there is a which I am using now first of all there is a which I am using now first of all there is a very major difference between these two which very major difference between these two which very major difference between these two which I will tell you the first major I will tell you the first major I will tell you the first major difference is in the protein per scoop now the difference is in the protein per scoop now the difference is in the protein per scoop now the scoop size of chocolate brownie is scoop size of chocolate brownie is scoop size of chocolate brownie is 25g you get 19g of protein in it 25g you get 19g of protein in it 25g you get 19g of protein in it same 25g scoop  This same 25g scoop  This same 25g scoop  This strawberry cream gives you strawberry cream gives you strawberry cream gives you 22 grams of protein in it. Now first of all let's 22 grams of protein in it. Now first of all let's 22 grams of protein in it. Now first of all let's talk about this brand brother, this talk about this brand brother, this talk about this brand brother, this brand is from 2004, these people have been in this business for around 21 years, brand is from 2004, these people have been in this business for around 21 years, brand is from 2004, these people have been in this business for around 21 years, 21 years is 21 years is 21 years is not something to say, nowadays not something to say, nowadays not something to say, nowadays brands of five to six months come and make themselves the best brands of five to six months come and make themselves the best brands of five to six months come and make themselves the best protein, but if protein, but if protein, but if someone is in business for 21 years, then brother, is he able to someone is in business for 21 years, then brother, is he able to someone is in business for 21 years, then brother, is he able to sustain for two years for some reason, right? If he was sustain for two years for some reason, right? If he was sustain for two years for some reason, right? If he was giving bad quality, then he would giving bad quality, then he would giving bad quality, then he would not have been able to survive. Number two is the quality, not have been able to survive. Number two is the quality, not have been able to survive. Number two is the quality, if you go to Ladder's website, I will if you go to Ladder's website, I will if you go to Ladder's website, I will put the screenshots as well, it put the screenshots as well, it put the screenshots as well, it is certified there too, they have put their updated is certified there too, they have put their updated is certified there too, they have put their updated results for 2024, I think it is results for 2024, I think it is results for 2024, I think it is just starting for 225, so they will soon just starting for 225, so they will soon just starting for 225, so they will soon put their updated results as well and put their updated results as well and put their updated results as well and according to its report, according to its report, according to its report, I will put those screenshots as well, whatever they have claimed, it has been I will put those screenshots as well, whatever they have claimed, it has been I will put those screenshots as well, whatever they have claimed, it has been found in their lab test, found in their lab test, found in their lab test, now if we talk about the taste, I have now if we talk about the taste, I have tried almost all their flavors, but as I am talking about tried almost all their flavors, but as I am talking about tried almost all their flavors, but as I am talking about them  I talk about chocolate brownie and them  I talk about chocolate brownie and them  I talk about chocolate brownie and strawberry cream. Now, if strawberry cream. Now, if strawberry cream. Now, if I drink chocolate brownie in water, I I drink chocolate brownie in water, I I drink chocolate brownie in water, I honestly don't like it that much. I drink it in milk, but honestly don't like it that much. I drink it in milk, but honestly don't like it that much. I drink it in milk, but I like it only I like it only I like it only in oats. And the same thing, if I in oats. And the same thing, if I in oats. And the same thing, if I talk about strawberry cream in water, talk about strawberry cream in water, talk about strawberry cream in water, milk, oats, it is a universal flavor milk, oats, it is a universal flavor milk, oats, it is a universal flavor and its taste is 10 on 10. I am and its taste is 10 on 10. I am and its taste is 10 on 10. I am telling you the truth, if you drink strawberry cream flavor telling you the truth, if you drink strawberry cream flavor telling you the truth, if you drink strawberry cream flavor in milk, you will in milk, you will in milk, you will forget the strawberry shake. You have the exact same flavor. So, forget the strawberry shake. You have the exact same flavor. So, forget the strawberry shake. You have the exact same flavor. So, my top three protein isolate flavors my top three protein isolate flavors my top three protein isolate flavors are strawberry cream, coffee and chocolate are strawberry cream, coffee and chocolate are strawberry cream, coffee and chocolate smooth. These are the three universal flavors. If smooth. These are the three universal flavors. If smooth. These are the three universal flavors. If someone likes chocolate, he someone likes chocolate, he someone likes chocolate, he can use chocolate smooth. If someone likes coffee, he can use chocolate smooth. If someone likes coffee, he can use chocolate smooth. If someone likes coffee, he can use coffee. If someone likes it on a lighter can use coffee. If someone likes it on a lighter can use coffee. If someone likes it on a lighter side, he can use strawberry cream. side, he can use strawberry cream. side, he can use strawberry cream. In mixability, I don't think In mixability, I don't think In mixability, I don't think any brand will be able to beat it because any brand will be able to beat it because any brand will be able to beat it because its mixability, meaning complete dissolving in two-three seconds, its mixability, meaning complete dissolving in two-three seconds, its mixability, meaning complete dissolving in two-three seconds, is also 10 on 10. Now let's talk about its is also 10 on 10. Now let's talk about its is also 10 on 10. Now let's talk about its price range. Now brother, see, on non-sale price range. Now brother, see, on non-sale price range. Now brother, see, on non-sale days, you will get this supplement around Rs. 6500. days, you will get this supplement around Rs. 6500. days, you will get this supplement around Rs. 6500. You will get 2 to 2 kg of protein isolate for ₹6600 You will get 2 to 2 kg of protein isolate for ₹6600 You will get 2 to 2 kg of protein isolate for ₹6600 but if you are lucky but if you are lucky but if you are lucky and you purchase this supplement on sale days and you purchase this supplement on sale days and you purchase this supplement on sale days then I am then I am then I am telling you approximately that you can telling you approximately that you can telling you approximately that you can also get 2 to 2.5 kg for ₹5000000 because also get 2 to 2.5 kg for ₹5000000 because also get 2 to 2.5 kg for ₹5000000 because I have bought it myself brother and for that you I have bought it myself brother and for that you I have bought it myself brother and for that you just need to know that you have to be up to date about just need to know that you have to be up to date about just need to know that you have to be up to date about when their sale is coming, when their discounts are when their sale is coming, when their discounts are when their sale is coming, when their discounts are coming, their coupon quotes which coming, their coupon quotes which coming, their coupon quotes which are more active, you should know that are more active, you should know that are more active, you should know that now there is a small trick for that now there is a small trick for that now there is a small trick for that first of all brother, after 8 months of non-stop using their 8 months of non-stop using their 8 months of non-stop using their supplements my protein supplements supplements my protein supplements supplements my protein supplements and just being a loyal customer these guys have and just being a loyal customer these guys have and just being a loyal customer these guys have offered me to be their athlete offered me to be their athlete offered me to be their athlete which was a very proud moment for me which was a very proud moment for me which was a very proud moment for me because I really did not find because I really did not find because I really did not find any protein better than this so I kept any protein better than this so I kept any protein better than this so I kept using this supplements non-stop these people must have using this supplements non-stop these people must have using this supplements non-stop these people must have also noticed from my order also noticed from my order also noticed from my order history plus I used to tag them history plus I used to tag them history plus I used to tag them whenever I was using it  I have been using it for 2 months now, months now, months now, I don't even remember that, because it is I don't even remember that, because it is I don't even remember that, because it is not a new thing for me, I have been not a new thing for me, I have been not a new thing for me, I have been using it since forever, so using it since forever, so using it since forever, so it is not a big thing for me, it just happens that yes, it is not a big thing for me, it just happens that yes, it is not a big thing for me, it just happens that yes, I get a stack of them and I get to I get a stack of them and I get to I get a stack of them and I get to choose my favorite supplements, choose my favorite supplements, choose my favorite supplements, so for you guys, I so for you guys, I so for you guys, I want you to get the biggest discount, want you to get the biggest discount, want you to get the biggest discount, so I am there to help you, so I am there to help you, so I am there to help you, number one is follow me on number one is follow me on number one is follow me on Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, as soon as it comes, I as soon as it comes, I as soon as it comes, I always mention you on my stories, and always mention you on my stories, and always mention you on my stories, and if you use my coupon code on Pandora, you will get an if you use my coupon code on Pandora, you will get an if you use my coupon code on Pandora, you will get an extra discount, so that was it extra discount, so that was it extra discount, so that was it from this video, guy, hope you enjoyed it, from this video, guy, hope you enjoyed it, from this video, guy, hope you enjoyed it, comment below, if you comment below, if you comment below, if you want review of any other supplement, then I will be there want review of any other supplement, then I will be there want review of any other supplement, then I will be there to help you, till then take care and to help you, till then take care and to help you, till then take care and I will see you in the next video, by I will see you in the next video, by I will see you in the next video, by guys