What's up guy welcome back to my
youtube's review I will give about Impact Way
Isolate from My Protein and it is not a
paid promotion I will also put my order history
on the side so that you guys can be a
little convinced also if you
scroll through my videos then in the very
beginning I had ordered a full stack of My Protein from my sister
from Canada so since then I was addicted to it that
when will it come to India and
I want to try the Indian manufactured ones
so without wasting any time let me
bring the bad boys so currently I am using these two
isolate proteins one is
strawberry cream and one is chocolate
brownie right yes so these are 11 kj packs
which I am using now first of all there is a
very major difference between these two which
I will tell you the first major
difference is in the protein per scoop now the
scoop size of chocolate brownie is
25g you get 19g of protein in it
same 25g scoop This
strawberry cream gives you
22 grams of protein in it. Now first of all let's
talk about this brand brother, this
brand is from 2004, these people have been in this business for around 21 years,
21 years is
not something to say, nowadays
brands of five to six months come and make themselves the best
protein, but if
someone is in business for 21 years, then brother, is he able to
sustain for two years for some reason, right? If he was
giving bad quality, then he would
not have been able to survive. Number two is the quality,
if you go to Ladder's website, I will
put the screenshots as well, it
is certified there too, they have put their updated
results for 2024, I think it is
just starting for 225, so they will soon
put their updated results as well and
according to its report,
I will put those screenshots as well, whatever they have claimed, it has been
found in their lab test,
now if we talk about the taste, I have
tried almost all their flavors, but as I am talking about
them I talk about chocolate brownie and
strawberry cream. Now, if
I drink chocolate brownie in water, I
honestly don't like it that much. I drink it in milk, but
I like it only
in oats. And the same thing, if I
talk about strawberry cream in water,
milk, oats, it is a universal flavor
and its taste is 10 on 10. I am
telling you the truth, if you drink strawberry cream flavor
in milk, you will
forget the strawberry shake. You have the exact same flavor. So,
my top three protein isolate flavors
are strawberry cream, coffee and chocolate
smooth. These are the three universal flavors. If
someone likes chocolate, he
can use chocolate smooth. If someone likes coffee, he
can use coffee. If someone likes it on a lighter
side, he can use strawberry cream.
In mixability, I don't think
any brand will be able to beat it because
its mixability, meaning complete dissolving in two-three seconds,
is also 10 on 10. Now let's talk about its
price range. Now brother, see, on non-sale
days, you will get this supplement around Rs. 6500.
You will get 2 to 2 kg of protein isolate for ₹6600
but if you are lucky
and you purchase this supplement on sale days
then I am
telling you approximately that you can
also get 2 to 2.5 kg for ₹5000000 because
I have bought it myself brother and for that you
just need to know that you have to be up to date about
when their sale is coming, when their discounts are
coming, their coupon quotes which
are more active, you should know that
now there is a small trick for that
first of all brother, after
8 months of non-stop using their
supplements my protein supplements
and just being a loyal customer these guys have
offered me to be their athlete
which was a very proud moment for me
because I really did not find
any protein better than this so I kept
using this supplements non-stop these people must have
also noticed from my order
history plus I used to tag them
whenever I was using it I have been using it for 2
months now,
I don't even remember that, because it is
not a new thing for me, I have been
using it since forever, so
it is not a big thing for me, it just happens that yes,
I get a stack of them and I get to
choose my favorite supplements,
so for you guys, I
want you to get the biggest discount,
so I am there to help you,
number one is follow me on
Instagram,
as soon as it comes, I
always mention you on my stories, and
if you use my coupon code on Pandora, you will get an
extra discount, so that was it
from this video, guy, hope you enjoyed it,
comment below, if you
want review of any other supplement, then I will be there
to help you, till then take care and
I will see you in the next video, by
guys
