A few days ago, the entire family together had A few days ago, the entire family together had A few days ago, the entire family together had almost completed the back wall of our bathroom. almost completed the back wall of our bathroom. almost completed the back wall of our bathroom. But there was still some But there was still some But there was still some work left which we all are going to complete together today. work left which we all are going to complete together today. work left which we all are going to complete together today. For which I also For which I also For which I also wore my labourer's uniform and came to the wore my labourer's uniform and came to the wore my labourer's uniform and came to the side.  Last time I was side.  Last time I was side.  Last time I was carrying a tray full of stones and giving it upstairs.  But this time carrying a tray full of stones and giving it upstairs.  But this time carrying a tray full of stones and giving it upstairs.  But this time I gave this work to my brother and I was I gave this work to my brother and I was I gave this work to my brother and I was holding it from above and putting stones in the back wall. holding it from above and putting stones in the back wall. holding it from above and putting stones in the back wall. Papa was Papa was Papa was working on arranging the stones properly.  Last time working on arranging the stones properly.  Last time working on arranging the stones properly.  Last time Papa had almost completed the wall. Papa had almost completed the wall. Papa had almost completed the wall. Only stones were left to be filled here. Only stones were left to be filled here. Only stones were left to be filled here. But after that, both mom and dad fell But after that, both mom and dad fell But after that, both mom and dad fell ill and the work stopped there. ill and the work stopped there. ill and the work stopped there. But today we complete it. But today we complete it. But today we complete it. And after this, Papa also starts masonry of the side wall. And after this, Papa also starts masonry of the side wall. Papa completed the masonry from the inside and then made a platform Papa completed the masonry from the inside and then made a platform Papa completed the masonry from the inside and then made a platform here to do the masonry from the outside the next day. here to do the masonry from the outside the next day. here to do the masonry from the outside the next day. Rest of the friends, Rest of the friends, Rest of the friends, what things do you like in my videos?