Today, first I made the birthday boy cry and then gave him such a Today, first I made the birthday boy cry and then gave him such a Today, first I made the birthday boy cry and then gave him such a gift that he will remember it for seven lives.  So gift that he will remember it for seven lives.  So gift that he will remember it for seven lives.  So yesterday was Mota Bhai's birthday but we pretended the whole yesterday was Mota Bhai's birthday but we pretended the whole yesterday was Mota Bhai's birthday but we pretended the whole day that we were angry with him day that we were angry with him day that we were angry with him and did not even give him a proper gift because and did not even give him a proper gift because and did not even give him a proper gift because our plan was something else, that is, to give him a our plan was something else, that is, to give him a our plan was something else, that is, to give him a surprise on the second day of his birthday.  That's why we surprise on the second day of his birthday.  That's why we surprise on the second day of his birthday.  That's why we all are doing the decoration together.  So let all are doing the decoration together.  So let all are doing the decoration together.  So let me get ready now by applying red me get ready now by applying red me get ready now by applying red lipstick and this mostant roll on because lipstick and this mostant roll on because lipstick and this mostant roll on because everyone has pigmentation but no one everyone has pigmentation but no one everyone has pigmentation but no one wants to talk about it.  I also wants to talk about it.  I also wants to talk about it.  I also tried a lot for pigmentation.  But the real difference tried a lot for pigmentation.  But the real difference tried a lot for pigmentation.  But the real difference I got was from this Carmesys Glow Revive Deodorant Roll I got was from this Carmesys Glow Revive Deodorant Roll I got was from this Carmesys Glow Revive Deodorant Roll On.  It contains powerful ingredients like On.  It contains powerful ingredients like On.  It contains powerful ingredients like mandelic acid and lactic acid that mandelic acid and lactic acid that mandelic acid and lactic acid that reduce pigmentation.  It is also reduce pigmentation.  It is also reduce pigmentation.  It is also made from 90% natural ingredients.  Like made from 90% natural ingredients.  Like made from 90% natural ingredients.  Like rice water and vitamin E which rice water and vitamin E which rice water and vitamin E which brightens the skin and gives a refreshing feel.  Not only brightens the skin and gives a refreshing feel.  Not only brightens the skin and gives a refreshing feel.  Not only me, many people are saying this.  You me, many people are saying this.  You can order it from Amazon, Flipkart, NYka and perp.com.  I have can order it from Amazon, Flipkart, NYka and perp.com.  I have can order it from Amazon, Flipkart, NYka and perp.com.  I have also tagged you.  Kudi Baba, it seems also tagged you.  Kudi Baba, it seems also tagged you.  Kudi Baba, it seems Mota Bhai has come.  So as soon as it arrived, Takle Lakhe Mota Bhai has come.  So as soon as it arrived, Takle Lakhe Mota Bhai has come.  So as soon as it arrived, Takle Lakhe and Duba Duba sprayed it and and Duba Duba sprayed it and and Duba Duba sprayed it and made it look absolutely beautiful and I made it look absolutely beautiful and I made it look absolutely beautiful and I welcomed it with flowers.  Along with this, a hamper of snacks was welcomed it with flowers.  Along with this, a hamper of snacks was welcomed it with flowers.  Along with this, a hamper of snacks was also given.  Makha's beloved became happy. also given.  Makha's beloved became happy. also given.  Makha's beloved became happy. Then Buddhudev ji also gifted it. Then Buddhudev ji also gifted it. Then Buddhudev ji also gifted it. Food items, shoes and I have also Food items, shoes and I have also Food items, shoes and I have also brought a sports t-shirt for him. brought a sports t-shirt for him. brought a sports t-shirt for him. We had given you the tap yesterday but today we have We had given you the tap yesterday but today we have We had given you the tap yesterday but today we have also given you its cover.  Then we took the also given you its cover.  Then we took the also given you its cover.  Then we took the program a little further.  Lit the candle program a little further.  Lit the candle program a little further.  Lit the candle and started cutting the cake. and started cutting the cake. and started cutting the cake. After feeding everyone cake and cake, we distributed the samosas and jalebis that After feeding everyone cake and cake, we distributed the samosas and jalebis that After feeding everyone cake and cake, we distributed the samosas and jalebis that we had brought among all the aunties outside. we had brought among all the aunties outside. we had brought among all the aunties outside. But look at Buddhudev ji, he is making a lot of But look at Buddhudev ji, he is making a lot of But look at Buddhudev ji, he is making a lot of noise.  So come on, once again wish Mota noise.  So come on, once again wish Mota noise.  So come on, once again wish Mota Bhai a lot of Hathi Patti Tutu in the comment section. Bhai a lot of Hathi Patti Tutu in the comment section.