It's our first time at Lollapalooza, and
I'm excited to make some fun memories
with my family, but I forgot I have a
teenager. So, my family and Presley's
mom went into the festival early, and we
didn't know what to expect, and I was
like, "Oh my gosh, the trading fountain
is here." So, obviously, I had to make
wish. I wished that it didn't rain, but
girl, it didn't work because I think the
trading fountain is fake, but honestly,
it wasn't actually that bad. It kind of
cooled you down while everyone was
dancing in the rain. Anyways, the reason
why Deja's friends aren't here is
because they only really wanted to see
artists that were playing later on in
the day, but Deja likes so many
different types of music. Like, Deja
likes grunge, indie, R&B, rap. She even
listens to songs that I used to listen
to when I was a kid. So, anyways, before
they got there, we went and had a look
around. I didn't realize how big
Lollapalooza actually was. They have so
many different activities you can do
while you wait for your favorite artist.
They even have a merch stand. But all I
really wanted to do was see what these
backstage passes could get us. So, we
headed over to the main stage, and you
basically get access to this private
seating area. And then once the artist
is performing, you go out into this
little area, and it takes you out into
the crowd, and you don't have to fight
for a good spot, you know what I mean?
So, Presley finally gets there, and we
start making our way to go see Zara
Larsson. Girl, they literally had to
delay her performance because Lil Uzi
Vert canceled. I was so annoyed, but
then I was like, "That's okay, we can
just make some more fun memories later."
Um, no, cuz then the boys arrived. And
the girls were like, "Okay, we're
going." Deja was literally fake crying
saying bye to me. But can I really blame
her? Who wants to hang out with their
parents at a festival? Not me. So, we
let the kids go and live their best
life, and we went and had Shake Shack
again.
