Ugh, these shoes stink horribly. Ugh, these shoes stink horribly. Ugh, these shoes stink horribly. I could I could I could spray some kind of shoe deodorant in there, but afterwards spray some kind of shoe deodorant in there, but afterwards spray some kind of shoe deodorant in there, but afterwards it would still smell like it would still smell like it would still smell like sweaty feet, just with a lemon scent.  And sweaty feet, just with a lemon scent.  And sweaty feet, just with a lemon scent.  And the real problem is that it stays the real problem is that it stays the real problem is that it stays in the shoe, and that's the moisture. in the shoe, and that's the moisture. in the shoe, and that's the moisture. 21% and warmth, an ideal breeding ground.  Combined 21% and warmth, an ideal breeding ground.  Combined 21% and warmth, an ideal breeding ground.  Combined with heat, bacteria create a stench, with heat, bacteria create a stench, with heat, bacteria create a stench, and and and dust dryers help prevent dust dryers help prevent dust dryers help prevent this stench from developing in the first place. this stench from developing in the first place. this stench from developing in the first place. Price is not the point.  The €16 link Price is not the point.  The €16 link Price is not the point.  The €16 link is in the box or scan the QR CD for €16.98, is in the box or scan the QR CD for €16.98, is in the box or scan the QR CD for €16.98, and because it has a total of four holders, and because it has a total of four holders, and because it has a total of four holders, we can also put a few, i.e., four, we can also put a few, i.e., four, we can also put a few, i.e., four, shoes on it.  I'm curious to see shoes on it.  I'm curious to see shoes on it.  I'm curious to see if we'll receive a warm if we'll receive a warm if we'll receive a warm welcome from Uncle Kramer.  It's welcome from Uncle Kramer.  It's welcome from Uncle Kramer.  It's always about tips and tricks, or always about tips and tricks, or always about tips and tricks, or anything that might anything that might anything that might help you.  Today it's about smelly help you.  Today it's about smelly help you.  Today it's about smelly shoes.  Of course, we need shoes.  Of course, we need shoes.  Of course, we need 230 volts, and some of you know that after 230 volts, and some of you know that after 230 volts, and some of you know that after a hard day at work you take off your a hard day at work you take off your a hard day at work you take off your shoes and everyone else leaves shoes and everyone else leaves shoes and everyone else leaves the room.  And it gets especially bad the room.  And it gets especially bad the room.  And it gets especially bad when moisture gets trapped inside due to rain, when moisture gets trapped inside due to rain, when moisture gets trapped inside due to rain, sweat, sports, or anything else, sweat, sports, or anything else, and, most importantly, stays trapped inside.  And and, most importantly, stays trapped inside.  And and, most importantly, stays trapped inside.  And as already mentioned, as already mentioned, as already mentioned, you can forget about spray-through deodorant.  I you can forget about spray-through deodorant.  I you can forget about spray-through deodorant.  I might be able to mask the smell, but might be able to mask the smell, but might be able to mask the smell, but in my opinion, it sometimes makes it even in my opinion, it sometimes makes it even in my opinion, it sometimes makes it even worse.  It then really smells sweaty and worse.  It then really smells sweaty and worse.  It then really smells sweaty and lemony, and in this environment lemony, and in this environment lemony, and in this environment bacteria spread, and bacteria spread, and bacteria spread, and these bacteria are what cause these bacteria are what cause these bacteria are what cause it to smell quite normal.  And to prevent that from it to smell quite normal.  And to prevent that from it to smell quite normal.  And to prevent that from happening, we use this part happening, we use this part happening, we use this part here.  Incidentally, I came up with the idea of here.  Incidentally, I came up with the idea of here.  Incidentally, I came up with the idea of introducing one because introducing one because introducing one because normally a mopping robot stinks, normally a mopping robot stinks, normally a mopping robot stinks, and my new mopping robot has a and my new mopping robot has a and my new mopping robot has a mop heater.  This means that they are dried immediately after mop heater.  This means that they are dried immediately after mop heater.  This means that they are dried immediately after washing, and washing, and washing, and consequently no consequently no consequently no odor develops, because where there is no moisture odor develops, because where there is no moisture odor develops, because where there is no moisture , bacteria cannot , bacteria cannot , bacteria cannot survive.  So, we have a total of survive.  So, we have a total of survive.  So, we have a total of four such air vents here, which we can four such air vents here, which we can four such air vents here, which we can adjust and then fix in place.  Then adjust and then fix in place.  Then adjust and then fix in place.  Then we can extend the whole thing here; depending on we can extend the whole thing here; depending on we can extend the whole thing here; depending on what kind of shoes what kind of shoes what kind of shoes we have or what shoe sizes we have, we have or what shoe sizes we have, we have or what shoe sizes we have, we put it up here.  And to be we put it up here.  And to be we put it up here.  And to be honest, I thought the price was quite honest, I thought the price was quite honest, I thought the price was quite reasonable.  I've included several in the info box in reasonable.  I've included several in the info box in reasonable.  I've included several in the info box in case the price case the price case the price ever increases here, because it's usually ever increases here, because it's usually ever increases here, because it's usually an introductory offer to attract an introductory offer to attract an introductory offer to attract the first reviews and purchases the first reviews and purchases the first reviews and purchases .  Therefore, don't just .  Therefore, don't just .  Therefore, don't just order blindly.  Shoes are on, he order blindly.  Shoes are on, he order blindly.  Shoes are on, he always does it at 48°.  We can always does it at 48°.  We can always does it at 48°.  We can adjust everything here. adjust everything here. adjust everything here. You can hear the volume; we have low, we have You can hear the volume; we have low, we have You can hear the volume; we have low, we have high, and we can also high, and we can also high, and we can also set a time.  I think set a time.  I think set a time.  I think the shoes would be dry after an hour the shoes would be dry after an hour the shoes would be dry after an hour , but that way the water doesn't run , but that way the water doesn't run , but that way the water doesn't run continuously.  So, set the time continuously.  So, set the time continuously.  So, set the time and we'll go to high.  And after and we'll go to high.  And after and we'll go to high.  And after the set time has elapsed, it the set time has elapsed, it the set time has elapsed, it simply switches off.  It doesn't stink.  The simply switches off.  It doesn't stink.  The simply switches off.  It doesn't stink.  The inner shoes also receive a inner shoes also receive a inner shoes also receive a UV light treatment.  Yes, 48° is UV light treatment.  Yes, 48° is UV light treatment.  Yes, 48° is n't quite right, I would say.  But you do n't quite right, I would say.  But you do n't quite right, I would say.  But you do n't want to burn the place down either. n't want to burn the place down either. n't want to burn the place down either. Ah, that will be nice and warm.  Sure, you Ah, that will be nice and warm.  Sure, you Ah, that will be nice and warm.  Sure, you can also turn up the heating.  The can also turn up the heating.  The can also turn up the heating.  The heating system loses power and heating system loses power and heating system loses power and no longer heats the room because the no longer heats the room because the no longer heats the room because the air circulation is no longer adequate air circulation is no longer adequate air circulation is no longer adequate .  You can also .  You can also .  You can also stuff it with newspaper, of course.  Yes, it's possible. stuff it with newspaper, of course.  Yes, it's possible. stuff it with newspaper, of course.  Yes, it's possible. But it's never as dry as when you But it's never as dry as when you But it's never as dry as when you blow-dry it.  I blow-dry it.  I blow-dry it.  I can really imagine using it in winter, when it can really imagine using it in winter, when it can really imagine using it in winter, when it 's cold outside, to 's cold outside, to 's cold outside, to preheat my shoes for an hour beforehand. preheat my shoes for an hour beforehand. preheat my shoes for an hour beforehand. How did people manage to survive in the past How did people manage to survive in the past How did people manage to survive in the past ?  Okay, an hour later ?  Okay, an hour later ?  Okay, an hour later we'll take a look at the shoes.  And we'll take a look at the shoes.  And we'll take a look at the shoes.  And quite honestly, I only quite honestly, I only quite honestly, I only bought it because the price was right, and it bought it because the price was right, and it bought it because the price was right, and it was even cheaper than at Action.  They were available there for was even cheaper than at Action.  They were available there for was even cheaper than at Action.  They were available there for a while, too. a while, too. a while, too. [snorting] So, the inside of the shoe, yes, [snorting] So, the inside of the shoe, yes, [snorting] So, the inside of the shoe, yes, it's so dry that it's it's so dry that it's it's so dry that it's barely barely barely showing anything anymore.  So, if anything, 5%.  The showing anything anymore.  So, if anything, 5%.  The showing anything anymore.  So, if anything, 5%.  The question is, how does it feel?  There's question is, how does it feel?  There's question is, how does it feel?  There's nothing better than slipping into warm shoes nothing better than slipping into warm shoes nothing better than slipping into warm shoes .  The MV is significantly .  The MV is significantly .  The MV is significantly reduced.  It must be said quite clearly that reduced.  It must be said quite clearly that reduced.  It must be said quite clearly that if you do that from the beginning, it wo if you do that from the beginning, it wo if you do that from the beginning, it wo n't even arise in the first place.  But for just a n't even arise in the first place.  But for just a n't even arise in the first place.  But for just a few bucks, I think it's a cool few bucks, I think it's a cool few bucks, I think it's a cool idea, and it certainly wo idea, and it certainly wo idea, and it certainly wo n't win any design awards, but n't win any design awards, but n't win any design awards, but it doesn't have to dry like shoes anymore. it doesn't have to dry like shoes anymore. it doesn't have to dry like shoes anymore. So much for the topic of keeping your Krammer So much for the topic of keeping your Krammer So much for the topic of keeping your Krammer clean, tidy and decent.  Hi, just a clean, tidy and decent.  Hi, just a clean, tidy and decent.  Hi, just a quick heads-up: I'm not sponsored, quick heads-up: I'm not sponsored, quick heads-up: I'm not sponsored, so I'd appreciate it if you so I'd appreciate it if you so I'd appreciate it if you used the purchase link in the description. used the purchase link in the description. used the purchase link in the description. This does not increase the price of the products.  I This does not increase the price of the products.  I This does not increase the price of the products.  I only receive a small commission. only receive a small commission. only receive a small commission. M.