DJ's, I am here today to debunk some of
the things that you guys may have been
told. We are going to talk about the
Exciton 1503 [music]
speakers. Now, let me just stop you
right there. As soon as you hear these
speakers, you immediately think
something negative. I get it. All the
backlash that has been heard on this
speaker may not have been some of the
best stuff. You may be surprised that
this speaker is actually not that bad.
[music] So, for all you spec junkies,
here's the specs on the speaker. You got
it? Good. Now, let's move on. We don't
care that they say it's 2,000 W.
Can this speaker perform at the time
when needed? That's all that really
matters. Exciton did send me out one of
these speakers. [music] Not sure why
they only sent one. What am I going to
do with one speaker? They told me, "Be
honest and be true." So, that's exactly
what I'm going to do. This subwoofer is
a 15-in sub. I was pretty pumped to get
a 15-in sub that will allow me to be
able to kind of scale back from my
current setup. Let's talk about the
things that I do not like. They didn't
send me a cover for the subwoofer. So,
now I have to transport this thing with
my other equipment and hope that it
doesn't get scratched. The second thing,
it does not come with a cart. A cart is
a must, Exciton. If you could, make some
carts. These guys will buy it. And the
last thing is that it has a Bluetooth
feature on it. When you have a column
array speaker, usually you want all
hands, wires, and everything on deck.
Some of the things that I love about
this is the finish on this speaker. It
rivals some of those high-end company
speakers because of the way that it has
been made. It looks like it is made to
hold up. Second thing I like, the
Exciton 1503 is going for $569.
That's the repair price on some speakers
that we have, which is absolutely crazy.
Side note, you can get this thing on
Amazon. And the last thing that I like
is that it has two pole levels for the
column array itself. Now, I had the
chance to take this guy out into the
wild, and here's what I found out.
The clarity of the highs and the punchy
of the bass sound really good for the
price point that it is. This speaker
right here, this budget speaker, will do
the job for the price point that it is
at. So, consider it. ExeTime, be on to
something. Now, I know that the camera
is not going to do this guy the justice
that it needs. So, when I hear other DJs
say things like, "It's got a
high-pitched squeaky sound when it gets
to this volume." You're not going to
play it at that volume, or at least I
won't. I like the speaker. I like the
sound of it. Is it close to its
competitors? Yeah, it is close. May have
you looking at your setup like, "Am I
overpaying?" Let me know what you guys
think about the speaker itself, and let
me know any questions you may have, and
let's get to talking. And if you don't
know, now you know.
