DJ's, I am here today to debunk some of DJ's, I am here today to debunk some of DJ's, I am here today to debunk some of the things that you guys may have been the things that you guys may have been the things that you guys may have been told. We are going to talk about the told. We are going to talk about the told. We are going to talk about the Exciton 1503 [music] Exciton 1503 [music] Exciton 1503 [music] speakers. Now, let me just stop you speakers. Now, let me just stop you speakers. Now, let me just stop you right there. As soon as you hear these right there. As soon as you hear these right there. As soon as you hear these speakers, you immediately think speakers, you immediately think speakers, you immediately think something negative. I get it. All the something negative. I get it. All the something negative. I get it. All the backlash that has been heard on this backlash that has been heard on this backlash that has been heard on this speaker may not have been some of the speaker may not have been some of the speaker may not have been some of the best stuff. You may be surprised that best stuff. You may be surprised that best stuff. You may be surprised that this speaker is actually not that bad. this speaker is actually not that bad. this speaker is actually not that bad. [music] So, for all you spec junkies, [music] So, for all you spec junkies, [music] So, for all you spec junkies, here's the specs on the speaker. You got here's the specs on the speaker. You got here's the specs on the speaker. You got it? Good. Now, let's move on. We don't it? Good. Now, let's move on. We don't it? Good. Now, let's move on. We don't care that they say it's 2,000 W. care that they say it's 2,000 W. care that they say it's 2,000 W. Can this speaker perform at the time Can this speaker perform at the time Can this speaker perform at the time when needed? That's all that really when needed? That's all that really when needed? That's all that really matters. Exciton did send me out one of matters. Exciton did send me out one of matters. Exciton did send me out one of these speakers. [music] Not sure why these speakers. [music] Not sure why these speakers. [music] Not sure why they only sent one. What am I going to they only sent one. What am I going to they only sent one. What am I going to do with one speaker? They told me, "Be do with one speaker? They told me, "Be do with one speaker? They told me, "Be honest and be true." So, that's exactly honest and be true." So, that's exactly honest and be true." So, that's exactly what I'm going to do. This subwoofer is what I'm going to do. This subwoofer is what I'm going to do. This subwoofer is a 15-in sub. I was pretty pumped to get a 15-in sub. I was pretty pumped to get a 15-in sub. I was pretty pumped to get a 15-in sub that will allow me to be a 15-in sub that will allow me to be a 15-in sub that will allow me to be able to kind of scale back from my able to kind of scale back from my able to kind of scale back from my current setup. Let's talk about the current setup. Let's talk about the current setup. Let's talk about the things that I do not like. They didn't things that I do not like. They didn't things that I do not like. They didn't send me a cover for the subwoofer. So, send me a cover for the subwoofer. So, send me a cover for the subwoofer. So, now I have to transport this thing with now I have to transport this thing with now I have to transport this thing with my other equipment and hope that it my other equipment and hope that it my other equipment and hope that it doesn't get scratched. The second thing, doesn't get scratched. The second thing, doesn't get scratched. The second thing, it does not come with a cart. A cart is it does not come with a cart. A cart is it does not come with a cart. A cart is a must, Exciton. If you could, make some a must, Exciton. If you could, make some a must, Exciton. If you could, make some carts. These guys will buy it. And the carts. These guys will buy it. And the carts. These guys will buy it. And the last thing is that it has a Bluetooth last thing is that it has a Bluetooth last thing is that it has a Bluetooth feature on it. When you have a column feature on it. When you have a column feature on it. When you have a column array speaker, usually you want all array speaker, usually you want all array speaker, usually you want all hands, wires, and everything on deck. hands, wires, and everything on deck. hands, wires, and everything on deck. Some of the things that I love about Some of the things that I love about Some of the things that I love about this is the finish on this speaker. It this is the finish on this speaker. It this is the finish on this speaker. It rivals some of those high-end company rivals some of those high-end company rivals some of those high-end company speakers because of the way that it has speakers because of the way that it has speakers because of the way that it has been made. It looks like it is made to been made. It looks like it is made to been made. It looks like it is made to hold up. Second thing I like, the hold up. Second thing I like, the hold up. Second thing I like, the Exciton 1503 is going for $569. Exciton 1503 is going for $569. Exciton 1503 is going for $569. That's the repair price on some speakers That's the repair price on some speakers That's the repair price on some speakers that we have, which is absolutely crazy. that we have, which is absolutely crazy. that we have, which is absolutely crazy. Side note, you can get this thing on Side note, you can get this thing on Side note, you can get this thing on Amazon. And the last thing that I like Amazon. And the last thing that I like Amazon. And the last thing that I like is that it has two pole levels for the is that it has two pole levels for the is that it has two pole levels for the column array itself. Now, I had the column array itself. Now, I had the column array itself. Now, I had the chance to take this guy out into the chance to take this guy out into the chance to take this guy out into the wild, and here's what I found out. >> [music] >> The clarity of the highs and the punchy >> The clarity of the highs and the punchy >> The clarity of the highs and the punchy of the bass sound really good for the of the bass sound really good for the of the bass sound really good for the price point that it is. This speaker price point that it is. This speaker price point that it is. This speaker right here, this budget speaker, will do right here, this budget speaker, will do right here, this budget speaker, will do the job for the price point that it is the job for the price point that it is the job for the price point that it is at. So, consider it. ExeTime, be on to at. So, consider it. ExeTime, be on to at. So, consider it. ExeTime, be on to something. Now, I know that the camera something. Now, I know that the camera something. Now, I know that the camera is not going to do this guy the justice is not going to do this guy the justice is not going to do this guy the justice that it needs. So, when I hear other DJs that it needs. So, when I hear other DJs that it needs. So, when I hear other DJs say things like, "It's got a say things like, "It's got a say things like, "It's got a high-pitched squeaky sound when it gets high-pitched squeaky sound when it gets high-pitched squeaky sound when it gets to this volume." You're not going to to this volume." You're not going to to this volume." You're not going to play it at that volume, or at least I play it at that volume, or at least I play it at that volume, or at least I won't. I like the speaker. I like the won't. I like the speaker. I like the won't. I like the speaker. I like the sound of it. Is it close to its sound of it. Is it close to its sound of it. Is it close to its competitors? Yeah, it is close. May have competitors? Yeah, it is close. May have competitors? Yeah, it is close. May have you looking at your setup like, "Am I you looking at your setup like, "Am I you looking at your setup like, "Am I overpaying?" Let me know what you guys overpaying?" Let me know what you guys overpaying?" Let me know what you guys think about the speaker itself, and let think about the speaker itself, and let think about the speaker itself, and let me know any questions you may have, and me know any questions you may have, and me know any questions you may have, and let's get to talking. And if you don't let's get to talking. And if you don't let's get to talking. And if you don't know, now you know.