Girls have some safety concerns.
Girls have a kind of slow burning anxiety. Give me aye how many
girls are there here? Give me the
chair. Am I Right and Am I Right? S female
if you travel. Even if you don't travel, you are
sitting at home.
No, looking at my face, I am the best.
Where are you talking about safety
in Gurgaon? He keeps
telling that people get murdered
in that paper but
I don't want to become a star like that but it is not like that,
look
sister, candles are lit on birthdays, it looks good,
really friend, like the boys get happy,
here the security guard is there 24 hours,
tell the girls it is there 24 hours
because now I have to save myself from that too.
I saw the girls coming from here, he must be
sitting there. It happens
brother. I left the house very late.
I had just got my freedom, so I
came to Delhi first. No one makes a mistake.
So I left like this. New
freedom will measure the roads. Then come to Delhi and
measure only till 4:00 pm.
Stay a little and I have inherited from home after inheritance,
but doubt and anxiety. So I was
very scared. I am coming here and
asking my male friends. I said
Delhi is unsafe. So from the front he is saying, oh no, no,
first I took two steps back.
Then he took two steps back. What am
I saying? Such tight security.
Wear your size. It was a
very new concept for me. I did
n't know that
Ichard also carries pepper spray.
I had no idea. Ok. Obviously,
parents are more scared. They are
saying don't go alone. Take your brother along.
My brother is fair and has dimples.
So now both of us are unsafe.
I said Baba, this is the lamp of the house. Someone will go out. The
matter should not come to me.
I am not responsible. Seriously, he
looks very handsome. He was more interested in my selfies than his.
He was born. My
mother removed my Nazar tilak and
applied it to her. Yes brother, tie a black thread around her waist and
hang slippers behind her to make it evil eye
proof. And the younger one remains more excited. I
came wearing a V neck saying let's go to
Delhi. So Papa threw the scarf to
cover
it. The elder one has come, let's go to Delhi.
We came to Delhi as if we were going to Europe to
pack our bags. Isn't it? I did
not book a hotel so that the locals could take
us around. Isn't it? The locals got down at the station. The
auto drivers come. Come ma'am,
AC room. I said I don't want it. He is telling me,
Madam, you leave it, brother, you just
go. My brother is saying it is unsafe. The
auto driver said, oh no no. Do the
mountain kites know? Give me a
chirp, two addresses of
Paharganj, such voices come
from there, firstly you don't tell people like us that we should
not go there, we got lost in such a shady place,
brother God, after going there I felt that
if someone does pregnancy test twice here, it will
come out positive,
brother, he took me to such a shady place, the hotel, the
name of the hotel is Hotel & Maharani,
such a hotel, you must have seen Crime Patrol, the
hotels in which dead bodies are found, it was
right, I thought I will check in here,
Anup Soni will come from here,
how would they know
where all these two innocent
boys are checking in, yes brother, take me to a very shady room, switch
on the light, it has become dark, I would have
stood up if I heard some sound,
we are brother
sister, I feel that a raid is going to happen, as soon as I
went there, I heated water in the kettle in the room. If
someone comes, I will throw it away. The
kettle became hotter than the water.
I said, take it, it's nothing,
I will put it on my chest.
I was sitting like this. The daughter who survives will
run away. I will leave him and run away.
Papa, I was the light of the house. I dont
know what happen. I have come out. Brother,
we were sitting in the dairy for a long time. My brother
went to the bathroom. He must be carrying those plates outside in the corridor.
His plates fell down. So
many times I caught the kettle
my brother was barefoot in the bathroom. What
happened? He brought the toothbrush.
I said if something has happened here.
So you have brought this spear.
Seeing this, the robber would have brushed it laughingly.
No, break the teeth and send them after strengthening them.
What is this plan of vaccine of yours? You are
saying that you should take the cattle and get it done for them.
I said that you are right, the defence team is
watching, give me the cattle brush. Arjun
Valley goons opened the door and asked, where will you get it
made, sister, you make two cups of tea, then
we will do that. Brother, I get very scared.
Going out, sitting in an auto.
One thing everyone does in India is not hacking, for
safety talk to each other in English.
He will not understand. The next person may also be
educated. Yes brother,
those who beat us were very unemployed.
Well, we talk English among ourselves. Well, our
English is fine. We spoiled it by looking at it. I am fed up with this.
Yes full dil jeet do saajh
English look here there keeper
tight the auto driver caught his wallet he was saying do
n't kill me he was
also saying he will stab me
I made two pickpockets sit maybe
my brother will not sit in the auto after the garage
friend that female cab driver is coming he is saying we will go in that
I said you
are crazy now all three of us are unsafe
yes brother I said should I take worry about that too.
She was driving the car, didi are you okay, I said
didi are you okay, look straight and keep the mirror up,
brother there is a lot of pressure on her,
she has to look at the indicator properly
and not tease, are you understanding, no one should
laugh at such stereotypical things, the bastard was
driving very well, she was
very nervous there. Well, we also had to
visit during the day. Can't roam around at night. Isn't it
? We are roaming around during the day in the
month of June. What would we have seen in Delhi in the afternoon?
Two stupid kids standing in front
of the Red Fort. It was only in
the evening that I came to know that it was India Gate. I took the
wrong turn. I am
roaming around like a tourist. He has come out wearing a troop top.
So like this, the
evening is falling on the navel which is lined up here. He is saying bad, absolutely bad, let's go
back by metro. My
brothers, everyone who went to the metro is shocked. I said the
bag has arrived,
wear it. You might not have seen it. Did
n't see. We had not seen it. I
saw it for the first time, friend. He is saying that you should hold it like this.
I caught it just like that. They took my car
from behind. I said, let's go, I had to give it to Shan, I gave it to him. So
now I am trained. Now I am not
afraid of the uniform. Now I had gone out. They are telling me there,
saying there is a crowd here.
Check your purse. I was able to do this crowd.
This is what the crowd says. I was
once eating golgappas in Old Delhi. Doing it like this. I got a
shock from here. This
aunty's mouth was open.
Golgappa in aunty's mouth. Aunty's
mouth was open to hang herself.
Before Hari Om could speak, the golgappa
aunty inside me said what are you eating written in semolina, did
n't you even mind it, she said no no
you don't know they would have picked pockets,
I said they only pick pockets, right, oh oh it's not like that,
brother, I am telling you,
once a tourist was walking in front of me,
wearing the same glasses, he was walking in the day, they
slapped
him and took away his glasses and we both were watching why did they slap him, they do
n't steal, they break the confidence of the
other person, why have you left the house
today, it is so bad, you are walking, the turns, the
lights are on, everything is visible,
brother, it was a ₹100 glasses, it was not for sale, they
hit you, you look like a fool, I said let's
come from here brother, training is done,
wonderless and a traveller is that person who does
this once before leaving,
he is not wonderless, he has seen the world, the
most unsafe thing right now is the internet.
Especially
for
comics, no place is safe. I am telling you.
Yes brother, let me
record all this and upload it. How do I know
what will be hidden from this, someone will be picked up and put
in jail. I don't
know what the system of Women Cell
is. Are brushes available there or not? I do
n't know.
this
