Girls have some safety concerns. Girls have some safety concerns. Girls have a kind of slow burning anxiety.  Give me aye how many Girls have a kind of slow burning anxiety.  Give me aye how many Girls have a kind of slow burning anxiety.  Give me aye how many girls are there here?  Give me the girls are there here?  Give me the girls are there here?  Give me the chair.  Am I Right and Am I Right?  S female chair.  Am I Right and Am I Right?  S female chair.  Am I Right and Am I Right?  S female if you travel.  Even if you don't travel, you are if you travel.  Even if you don't travel, you are if you travel.  Even if you don't travel, you are sitting at home. sitting at home. sitting at home. No, looking at my face, I am the best. No, looking at my face, I am the best. No, looking at my face, I am the best. Where are you talking about safety Where are you talking about safety Where are you talking about safety in Gurgaon?   He keeps in Gurgaon?   He keeps in Gurgaon?   He keeps telling that people get murdered telling that people get murdered telling that people get murdered in that paper but in that paper but in that paper but I don't want to become a star like that but it is not like that, I don't want to become a star like that but it is not like that, I don't want to become a star like that but it is not like that, look sister, candles are lit on birthdays, it looks good, really friend, like the boys get happy, really friend, like the boys get happy, really friend, like the boys get happy, here the security guard is there 24 hours, here the security guard is there 24 hours, here the security guard is there 24 hours, tell the girls it is there 24 hours tell the girls it is there 24 hours tell the girls it is there 24 hours because now I have to save myself from that too. I saw the girls coming from here, he must be I saw the girls coming from here, he must be I saw the girls coming from here, he must be sitting there.  It happens sitting there.  It happens brother.  I left the house very late. brother.  I left the house very late. brother.  I left the house very late. I had just got my freedom, so I I had just got my freedom, so I I had just got my freedom, so I came to Delhi first.  No one makes a mistake. came to Delhi first.  No one makes a mistake. came to Delhi first.  No one makes a mistake. So I left like this.  New So I left like this.  New So I left like this.  New freedom will measure the roads.  Then come to Delhi and freedom will measure the roads.  Then come to Delhi and freedom will measure the roads.  Then come to Delhi and measure only till 4:00 pm. measure only till 4:00 pm. measure only till 4:00 pm. Stay a little and I have inherited from home after inheritance, Stay a little and I have inherited from home after inheritance, Stay a little and I have inherited from home after inheritance, but doubt and anxiety.  So I was but doubt and anxiety.  So I was but doubt and anxiety.  So I was very scared.  I am coming here and very scared.  I am coming here and very scared.  I am coming here and asking my male friends.  I said asking my male friends.  I said asking my male friends.  I said Delhi is unsafe.  So from the front he is saying, oh no, no, Delhi is unsafe.  So from the front he is saying, oh no, no, first I took two steps back. first I took two steps back. first I took two steps back. Then he took two steps back.  What am Then he took two steps back.  What am Then he took two steps back.  What am I saying?  Such tight security. Wear your size.  It was a Wear your size.  It was a Wear your size.  It was a very new concept for me.  I did very new concept for me.  I did very new concept for me.  I did n't know that n't know that n't know that Ichard also carries pepper spray. Ichard also carries pepper spray. Ichard also carries pepper spray. I had no idea.  Ok.   Obviously, I had no idea.  Ok.   Obviously, I had no idea.  Ok.   Obviously, parents are more scared.  They are parents are more scared.  They are parents are more scared.  They are saying don't go alone.  Take your brother along. saying don't go alone.  Take your brother along. saying don't go alone.  Take your brother along. My brother is fair and has dimples. My brother is fair and has dimples. My brother is fair and has dimples. So now both of us are unsafe. I said Baba, this is the lamp of the house.  Someone will go out.  The I said Baba, this is the lamp of the house.  Someone will go out.  The matter should not come to me. matter should not come to me. matter should not come to me. I am not responsible.  Seriously, he I am not responsible.  Seriously, he I am not responsible.  Seriously, he looks very handsome.  He was more interested in my selfies than his. looks very handsome.  He was more interested in my selfies than his. looks very handsome.  He was more interested in my selfies than his. He was born.  My He was born.  My He was born.  My mother removed my Nazar tilak and mother removed my Nazar tilak and mother removed my Nazar tilak and applied it to her.  Yes brother, tie a black thread around her waist and applied it to her.  Yes brother, tie a black thread around her waist and applied it to her.  Yes brother, tie a black thread around her waist and hang slippers behind her to make it evil eye hang slippers behind her to make it evil eye hang slippers behind her to make it evil eye proof.  And the younger one remains more excited.  I proof.  And the younger one remains more excited.  I proof.  And the younger one remains more excited.  I came wearing a V neck saying let's go to came wearing a V neck saying let's go to came wearing a V neck saying let's go to Delhi.  So Papa threw the scarf to Delhi.  So Papa threw the scarf to Delhi.  So Papa threw the scarf to cover it.  The elder one has come, let's go to Delhi. it.  The elder one has come, let's go to Delhi. it.  The elder one has come, let's go to Delhi. We came to Delhi as if we were going to Europe to We came to Delhi as if we were going to Europe to We came to Delhi as if we were going to Europe to pack our bags.  Isn't it?  I did pack our bags.  Isn't it?  I did pack our bags.  Isn't it?  I did not book a hotel so that the locals could take not book a hotel so that the locals could take not book a hotel so that the locals could take us around.  Isn't it?  The locals got down at the station.  The us around.  Isn't it?  The locals got down at the station.  The us around.  Isn't it?  The locals got down at the station.  The auto drivers come.  Come ma'am, auto drivers come.  Come ma'am, auto drivers come.  Come ma'am, AC room.  I said I don't want it.  He is telling me, AC room.  I said I don't want it.  He is telling me, AC room.  I said I don't want it.  He is telling me, Madam, you leave it, brother, you just Madam, you leave it, brother, you just Madam, you leave it, brother, you just go.  My brother is saying it is unsafe.  The go.  My brother is saying it is unsafe.  The go.  My brother is saying it is unsafe.  The auto driver said, oh no no.  Do the mountain kites know?  Give me a mountain kites know?  Give me a mountain kites know?  Give me a chirp, two addresses of chirp, two addresses of chirp, two addresses of Paharganj, such voices come from there, firstly you don't tell people like us that we should from there, firstly you don't tell people like us that we should from there, firstly you don't tell people like us that we should not go there, we got lost in such a shady place, not go there, we got lost in such a shady place, not go there, we got lost in such a shady place, brother God, after going there I felt that brother God, after going there I felt that brother God, after going there I felt that if someone does pregnancy test twice here, it will if someone does pregnancy test twice here, it will if someone does pregnancy test twice here, it will come out positive, come out positive, come out positive, brother, he took me to such a shady place, the hotel, the brother, he took me to such a shady place, the hotel, the brother, he took me to such a shady place, the hotel, the name of the hotel is Hotel & Maharani, such a hotel, you must have seen Crime Patrol, the such a hotel, you must have seen Crime Patrol, the such a hotel, you must have seen Crime Patrol, the hotels in which dead bodies are found, it was hotels in which dead bodies are found, it was hotels in which dead bodies are found, it was right, I thought I will check in here, right, I thought I will check in here, right, I thought I will check in here, Anup Soni will come from here, Anup Soni will come from here, Anup Soni will come from here, how would they know how would they know how would they know where all these two innocent where all these two innocent where all these two innocent boys are checking in, yes brother, take me to a very shady room, switch boys are checking in, yes brother, take me to a very shady room, switch boys are checking in, yes brother, take me to a very shady room, switch on the light, it has become dark, I would have on the light, it has become dark, I would have on the light, it has become dark, I would have stood up if I heard some sound, stood up if I heard some sound, stood up if I heard some sound, we are brother we are brother we are brother sister, I feel that a raid is going to happen, as soon as I sister, I feel that a raid is going to happen, as soon as I sister, I feel that a raid is going to happen, as soon as I went there, I heated water in the kettle in the room.  If went there, I heated water in the kettle in the room.  If went there, I heated water in the kettle in the room.  If someone comes, I will throw it away.  The someone comes, I will throw it away.  The someone comes, I will throw it away.  The kettle became hotter than the water. kettle became hotter than the water. kettle became hotter than the water. I said, take it, it's nothing, I said, take it, it's nothing, I said, take it, it's nothing, I will put it on my chest. I will put it on my chest. I will put it on my chest. I was sitting like this.  The daughter who survives will I was sitting like this.  The daughter who survives will I was sitting like this.  The daughter who survives will run away.  I will leave him and run away. run away.  I will leave him and run away. run away.  I will leave him and run away. Papa, I was the light of the house.  I dont Papa, I was the light of the house.  I dont Papa, I was the light of the house.  I dont know what happen.  I have come out.  Brother, know what happen.  I have come out.  Brother, know what happen.  I have come out.  Brother, we were sitting in the dairy for a long time.  My brother we were sitting in the dairy for a long time.  My brother we were sitting in the dairy for a long time.  My brother went to the bathroom.  He must be carrying those plates outside in the corridor. went to the bathroom.  He must be carrying those plates outside in the corridor. went to the bathroom.  He must be carrying those plates outside in the corridor. His plates fell down.  So His plates fell down.  So His plates fell down.  So many times I caught the kettle many times I caught the kettle many times I caught the kettle my brother was barefoot in the bathroom.  What happened?  He brought the toothbrush. I said if something has happened here. I said if something has happened here. I said if something has happened here. So you have brought this spear. So you have brought this spear. So you have brought this spear. Seeing this, the robber would have brushed it laughingly. Seeing this, the robber would have brushed it laughingly. No, break the teeth and send them after strengthening them. No, break the teeth and send them after strengthening them. What is this plan of vaccine of yours? You are What is this plan of vaccine of yours? You are What is this plan of vaccine of yours? You are saying that you should take the cattle and get it done for them. saying that you should take the cattle and get it done for them. saying that you should take the cattle and get it done for them. I said that you are right, the defence team is I said that you are right, the defence team is I said that you are right, the defence team is watching, give me the cattle brush. Arjun watching, give me the cattle brush. Arjun watching, give me the cattle brush. Arjun Valley goons opened the door and asked, where will you get it made, sister, you make two cups of tea, then made, sister, you make two cups of tea, then made, sister, you make two cups of tea, then we will do that.  Brother, I get very scared. we will do that.  Brother, I get very scared. we will do that.  Brother, I get very scared. Going out, sitting in an auto. Going out, sitting in an auto. Going out, sitting in an auto. One thing everyone does in India is not hacking, for One thing everyone does in India is not hacking, for One thing everyone does in India is not hacking, for safety talk to each other in English. safety talk to each other in English. safety talk to each other in English. He will not understand.  The next person may also be He will not understand.  The next person may also be He will not understand.  The next person may also be educated.  Yes brother, educated.  Yes brother, educated.  Yes brother, those who beat us were very unemployed. Well, we talk English among ourselves.  Well, our Well, we talk English among ourselves.  Well, our Well, we talk English among ourselves.  Well, our English is fine.  We spoiled it by looking at it.  I am fed up with this. English is fine.  We spoiled it by looking at it.  I am fed up with this. Yes full dil jeet do saajh Yes full dil jeet do saajh Yes full dil jeet do saajh English look here there keeper tight the auto driver caught his wallet he was saying do tight the auto driver caught his wallet he was saying do tight the auto driver caught his wallet he was saying do n't kill me he was also saying he will stab me also saying he will stab me also saying he will stab me I made two pickpockets sit maybe I made two pickpockets sit maybe I made two pickpockets sit maybe my brother will not sit in the auto after the garage my brother will not sit in the auto after the garage my brother will not sit in the auto after the garage friend that female cab driver is coming he is saying we will go in that friend that female cab driver is coming he is saying we will go in that friend that female cab driver is coming he is saying we will go in that I said you I said you I said you are crazy now all three of us are unsafe yes brother I said should I take worry about that too. yes brother I said should I take worry about that too. yes brother I said should I take worry about that too. She was driving the car, didi are you okay, I said She was driving the car, didi are you okay, I said She was driving the car, didi are you okay, I said didi are you okay, look straight and keep the mirror up, didi are you okay, look straight and keep the mirror up, didi are you okay, look straight and keep the mirror up, brother there is a lot of pressure on her, brother there is a lot of pressure on her, brother there is a lot of pressure on her, she has to look at the indicator properly she has to look at the indicator properly she has to look at the indicator properly and not tease, are you understanding, no one should laugh at such stereotypical things, the bastard was laugh at such stereotypical things, the bastard was laugh at such stereotypical things, the bastard was driving very well, she was driving very well, she was driving very well, she was very nervous there.  Well, we also had to very nervous there.  Well, we also had to very nervous there.  Well, we also had to visit during the day.  Can't roam around at night.  Isn't it visit during the day.  Can't roam around at night.  Isn't it visit during the day.  Can't roam around at night.  Isn't it ?  We are roaming around during the day in the ?  We are roaming around during the day in the ?  We are roaming around during the day in the month of June.  What would we have seen in Delhi in the afternoon? month of June.  What would we have seen in Delhi in the afternoon? month of June.  What would we have seen in Delhi in the afternoon? Two stupid kids standing in front Two stupid kids standing in front Two stupid kids standing in front of the Red Fort.  It was only in the evening that I came to know that it was India Gate.  I took the the evening that I came to know that it was India Gate.  I took the the evening that I came to know that it was India Gate.  I took the wrong turn.  I am wrong turn.  I am wrong turn.  I am roaming around like a tourist.  He has come out wearing a troop top. roaming around like a tourist.  He has come out wearing a troop top. roaming around like a tourist.  He has come out wearing a troop top. So like this, the So like this, the So like this, the evening is falling on the navel which is lined up here.  He is saying bad, absolutely bad, let's go evening is falling on the navel which is lined up here.  He is saying bad, absolutely bad, let's go evening is falling on the navel which is lined up here.  He is saying bad, absolutely bad, let's go back by metro.  My back by metro.  My back by metro.  My brothers, everyone who went to the metro is shocked.  I said the brothers, everyone who went to the metro is shocked.  I said the brothers, everyone who went to the metro is shocked.  I said the bag has arrived, wear it.  You might not have seen it.  Did n't see.  We had not seen it.  I n't see.  We had not seen it.  I n't see.  We had not seen it.  I saw it for the first time, friend.  He is saying that you should hold it like this. saw it for the first time, friend.  He is saying that you should hold it like this. saw it for the first time, friend.  He is saying that you should hold it like this. I caught it just like that.  They took my car I caught it just like that.  They took my car from behind.  I said, let's go, I had to give it to Shan, I gave it to him.  So from behind.  I said, let's go, I had to give it to Shan, I gave it to him.  So from behind.  I said, let's go, I had to give it to Shan, I gave it to him.  So now I am trained.  Now I am not now I am trained.  Now I am not now I am trained.  Now I am not afraid of the uniform.  Now I had gone out.  They are telling me there, afraid of the uniform.  Now I had gone out.  They are telling me there, afraid of the uniform.  Now I had gone out.  They are telling me there, saying there is a crowd here. saying there is a crowd here. saying there is a crowd here. Check your purse.  I was able to do this crowd. Check your purse.  I was able to do this crowd. Check your purse.  I was able to do this crowd. This is what the crowd says.  I was This is what the crowd says.  I was This is what the crowd says.  I was once eating golgappas in Old Delhi.   Doing it like this.  I got a once eating golgappas in Old Delhi.   Doing it like this.  I got a once eating golgappas in Old Delhi.   Doing it like this.  I got a shock from here.  This shock from here.  This shock from here.  This aunty's mouth was open. Golgappa in aunty's mouth.  Aunty's Golgappa in aunty's mouth.  Aunty's Golgappa in aunty's mouth.  Aunty's mouth was open to hang herself. mouth was open to hang herself. mouth was open to hang herself. Before Hari Om could speak, the golgappa Before Hari Om could speak, the golgappa Before Hari Om could speak, the golgappa aunty inside me said what are you eating written in semolina, did aunty inside me said what are you eating written in semolina, did aunty inside me said what are you eating written in semolina, did n't you even mind it, she said no no n't you even mind it, she said no no n't you even mind it, she said no no you don't know they would have picked pockets, you don't know they would have picked pockets, you don't know they would have picked pockets, I said they only pick pockets, right, oh oh it's not like that, I said they only pick pockets, right, oh oh it's not like that, I said they only pick pockets, right, oh oh it's not like that, brother, I am telling you, brother, I am telling you, brother, I am telling you, once a tourist was walking in front of me, once a tourist was walking in front of me, once a tourist was walking in front of me, wearing the same glasses, he was walking in the day, they wearing the same glasses, he was walking in the day, they wearing the same glasses, he was walking in the day, they slapped slapped slapped him and took away his glasses and we both were watching why did they slap him, they do him and took away his glasses and we both were watching why did they slap him, they do n't steal, they break the confidence of the n't steal, they break the confidence of the n't steal, they break the confidence of the other person, why have you left the house other person, why have you left the house other person, why have you left the house today, it is so bad, you are walking, the turns, the today, it is so bad, you are walking, the turns, the today, it is so bad, you are walking, the turns, the lights are on, everything is visible, lights are on, everything is visible, brother, it was a ₹100 glasses, it was not for sale, they brother, it was a ₹100 glasses, it was not for sale, they brother, it was a ₹100 glasses, it was not for sale, they hit you, you look like a fool, I said let's hit you, you look like a fool, I said let's hit you, you look like a fool, I said let's come from here brother, training is done, come from here brother, training is done, come from here brother, training is done, wonderless and a traveller is that person who does wonderless and a traveller is that person who does wonderless and a traveller is that person who does this once before leaving, this once before leaving, this once before leaving, he is not wonderless, he has seen the world, the he is not wonderless, he has seen the world, the he is not wonderless, he has seen the world, the most unsafe thing right now is the internet. most unsafe thing right now is the internet. most unsafe thing right now is the internet. Especially Especially Especially for for for comics, no place is safe.  I am telling you. comics, no place is safe.  I am telling you. comics, no place is safe.  I am telling you. Yes brother, let me Yes brother, let me Yes brother, let me record all this and upload it.  How do I know record all this and upload it.  How do I know record all this and upload it.  How do I know what will be hidden from this, someone will be picked up and put what will be hidden from this, someone will be picked up and put what will be hidden from this, someone will be picked up and put in jail.  I don't in jail.  I don't in jail.  I don't know what the system of Women Cell know what the system of Women Cell know what the system of Women Cell is.  Are brushes available there or not?  I do is.  Are brushes available there or not?  I do is.  Are brushes available there or not?  I do n't know. n't know. n't know. this this this