We'll guide you through how to connect We'll guide you through how to connect We'll guide you through how to connect internet from mobile to a laptop using a internet from mobile to a laptop using a internet from mobile to a laptop using a USB cable. If you find this useful, then USB cable. If you find this useful, then USB cable. If you find this useful, then consider subscribing and liking the consider subscribing and liking the consider subscribing and liking the video. video. video. This is convenient to do as you see at This is convenient to do as you see at This is convenient to do as you see at the moment I'm not currently connected the moment I'm not currently connected the moment I'm not currently connected to the internet on the laptop and I want to the internet on the laptop and I want to the internet on the laptop and I want to be able to so I can browse it. So, to be able to so I can browse it. So, to be able to so I can browse it. So, what we're going to do is we're going to what we're going to do is we're going to what we're going to do is we're going to go and grab the cable. We're going to go go and grab the cable. We're going to go go and grab the cable. We're going to go and plug one end into the laptop so we and plug one end into the laptop so we and plug one end into the laptop so we can go and plug it in just over here. can go and plug it in just over here. can go and plug it in just over here. Then after you've gone and plugged it in Then after you've gone and plugged it in Then after you've gone and plugged it in with the lap with the laptop, you grab with the lap with the laptop, you grab with the lap with the laptop, you grab the other end and you want to go and the other end and you want to go and the other end and you want to go and have the phone unlocked. And what we're have the phone unlocked. And what we're have the phone unlocked. And what we're going to do is we're going to go and going to do is we're going to go and going to do is we're going to go and plug it in. You should go and see that plug it in. You should go and see that plug it in. You should go and see that it will go and start charging. Now you it will go and start charging. Now you it will go and start charging. Now you want to go and drag down like this. You want to go and drag down like this. You want to go and drag down like this. You need to go and find USB 4 and go and tap need to go and find USB 4 and go and tap need to go and find USB 4 and go and tap there. there. there. Make sure it's set to transferring files Make sure it's set to transferring files Make sure it's set to transferring files or USB tethering. Next, go and swipe up or USB tethering. Next, go and swipe up or USB tethering. Next, go and swipe up on your device. And then what you need on your device. And then what you need on your device. And then what you need to do is come to your settings. You want to do is come to your settings. You want to do is come to your settings. You want to go and find the option for to go and find the option for to go and find the option for connections connections connections and you want to go down to mobile and you want to go down to mobile and you want to go down to mobile hotspot and tethering hotspot and tethering hotspot and tethering and you want to switch on USB tethering. and you want to switch on USB tethering. and you want to switch on USB tethering. Share your phone's internet connection Share your phone's internet connection Share your phone's internet connection using a USB cable. Switch it on using a USB cable. Switch it on using a USB cable. Switch it on and shortly you're going to go and see and shortly you're going to go and see and shortly you're going to go and see it will go and change to connected on it will go and change to connected on it will go and change to connected on the laptop. We're now connected. Leave a the laptop. We're now connected. Leave a the laptop. We're now connected. Leave a like if you found this useful.