So, this is the Hog, a model built with So, this is the Hog, a model built with So, this is the Hog, a model built with trash and a giant 3D printed tire. As trash and a giant 3D printed tire. As trash and a giant 3D printed tire. As always, this project began with a quick always, this project began with a quick always, this project began with a quick sketch session where I put on paper a sketch session where I put on paper a sketch session where I put on paper a general idea of what I want to build. general idea of what I want to build. general idea of what I want to build. With the sketch finished, it was time to With the sketch finished, it was time to With the sketch finished, it was time to start putting it together beginning with start putting it together beginning with start putting it together beginning with the core of the machine made using the core of the machine made using the core of the machine made using multiple pieces of different broken multiple pieces of different broken multiple pieces of different broken electronics. Its cockpit was made using electronics. Its cockpit was made using electronics. Its cockpit was made using a plastic party glass reinforced from a plastic party glass reinforced from a plastic party glass reinforced from the inside to give the model a more the inside to give the model a more the inside to give the model a more aerodynamic look. aerodynamic look. aerodynamic look. Now, there was no easy way of obtaining Now, there was no easy way of obtaining Now, there was no easy way of obtaining a tire in that size, so I had to make my a tire in that size, so I had to make my a tire in that size, so I had to make my own. It was 3D modeled and printed in own. It was 3D modeled and printed in own. It was 3D modeled and printed in two halves that were then glued together two halves that were then glued together two halves that were then glued together making these beasts ready for the making these beasts ready for the making these beasts ready for the painting process. For the colors, I painting process. For the colors, I painting process. For the colors, I decided to go with shades of a purplish decided to go with shades of a purplish decided to go with shades of a purplish kind of gray and a yellow accent color. kind of gray and a yellow accent color. kind of gray and a yellow accent color. This machine lives in the mud, so I made This machine lives in the mud, so I made This machine lives in the mud, so I made every piece super dirty and the model every piece super dirty and the model every piece super dirty and the model was finished.