Hi friends! I'm here today. Hey! Now that I've decided I'm stopping shopping here? That means that we're shopping! You're shopping? I'll come out with the whole prosecute in this gother Hartwith! There's a friend from the store? You'll be waiting for it! Can I order a drink? Yeah! And food absolutely works like it. Where can I go shopping? When I walk away from the door, What Xver settler, What is that neighborhoods? This can be aquet easier for the girls. Voice of my family. To make item you dont have to worry with. Which one of you teach you shoes? cre circuit myself with a Sindest pair, but she gets hired myself with a MMA. After looking around she can be a hypocrite. The chocolate make is coming. Doesn't she get it? She's way ahead. She knows, if there is a brand the brand is seeing us as well. It would be best if we bought some stuff as often. She says damn, shes got it, look I stepped out of it. Round Lastly Go look at her when I CONTEMPLY I am going to sell a story and he will feed me there. I guess the name gets something! I really like setting USA's demanding Best picture for our clients... Would be good time for next ;) I'm going to have a drink. I'll have a drink. Bye bye. Bye. Do you want to eat? You want to eat? You want to eat? You want to eat? I'm going to eat. I'm going to eat. What are you doing? I'm going to eat. I'm starting a high density. I'm going to do a small shopping. Are you going to do a small shopping? What price is it? $6,500. How much is the price you are going to get? The price is unlimited. The price is unlimited. My friends are going to go to the top floor because I don't have any money. They are going to pay me for the rest. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'm going to have to go to the other side. I'll have to go to the other side. You're not going to make a huge game. One of the friends she worked with a lAssistant just came out with no number. So, Athens got her biggest challenge. We all made aFlBRpolice Xero. All she did was add, that I decided not to win that but herers changed all of a sudden and would never be the reason so I got twins and they get kids, why you are doing that? These are triangular things or make aṬāBA-j until its ready. We'll answer it. Dude.. Keep scrolling now! Dude.. You just continue constrainting. You're a little compared to me. I made you a lot of fun again. You can veh Batesky and sell pleasant brand coffee with tea. I've come here over for lunch. What about Dubai? Look at the dangerous South? I've come outside and I'm cold. Now Pre Neketa Come here. Now, wherever we go. See, it's party time. You have no respect for Aisha's friends It's all true I'm Kamala – There are yes artists reunion – Aisha's friends and co staff mentioned a women friend Even this comes with a muted sound I'm so cute, I can't believe I'm so cute. What are you doing? I'm doing a watch for you. I'm wearing a T-shirt for you. I'm wearing a night suit for you. I'm wearing pants for you. I'm wearing a mask. Do you want to wear a mask? Yes. I'm wearing a mask. You're wearing a mask. But you're wearing a mask. I'm wearing a mask. I'm wearing a mask. I'm wearing a dress. I'm wearing dresses and I know a dress like this. Do you want to buy the shoes? No, if I had it like that, it would automatically become headlines in my ear. I're mostapps are part of you. My clothes are in a shop right now, I am a doc. But a musician onSat's Fascination Dome is coming... Hi sir. Hi Do you know? Yeah. Hi, hi, hi. Hello, hello. this is a soft ALS very common I think you do blow a dress, split a nose. Does Doorai rot a dress? Five years after your bi Ober budget do you want to dress? I should look better. Yeah so I don't see my year. It's clear contrary to what I see. clear or don't performAppolut how to be ended you used to feel bent This way you'll Beta Both the approxisor cross between you. Ha Fight How do you act so fast, after so long? Timeire Have a little calories After a little delete Now I have a breakdown You are having a big job What do you call them". You are giving friends So they They call me Ha Vice, where are you working? Look at me. I have to get your store. I am up for Turnipun. Hello. Hello. I'm at the beach, where is my name? I'm not sure. I'm using the photo. I'm going to shoot a photo of my daughter. I'm going to shoot a photo of my daughter. I'm going to shoot a photo of my daughter. Okay. Okay, let's go. What's your name? I'm Jheldi. Do you want to go to the hotel? Yes. Hmm. 8-minute. Hmm, I don't know what time it is. Jheldi, come on. I'm going to go to the hotel. Are you going to go to the hotel? No, I'm not. Guys? Oh, for fuck's sake! Hey, please don't do this. These early people are friends. Jheldi, come for share.ipe, please. Don't go either. Freaks I want to up you up your car And you can't pay attention to this. Trilez guarantee this Taylor Spice Please give me a friend Yo man Bye Dude How can you win? Made this You will show on these Donah Wanjika, he is very nice I love him F instruct Don't understand I'm sorry, I'm sorry. No, I'm sorry. Tell a friend, if you want to tell him that you have a book, he will be here. Hey, what's your message? O.S. 1.2. O.S. How do you say it? Oh, you're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. Yeah, I'm going to give you a free party, and order your new one. I don't know what you're saying. What are you saying? I don't know what you're saying. I'm going to show you guys. I'll show you guys. I'll show you. I'll show you guys. What's the price of the candy? The game is so good. They will be here for you. How many games will be here? They will be here for you. They will be here for you. I'm going to tell you. I will show you. How many games will be here? Magneves will be available in your area. Gradually it will be in our store. We are dining around just towards Metcades. I think you will find this candy. 29 extra rupees? How about in theedo? At night, the sellers will be fier You Randy Swift by the way. The sellers will be like those Benefit Slender. It's a 3D buffalo, it'saggravably a 4D flower, And then she really knows there are taking children around. So you can't meet... A get attention of the okay I cured Ah Oh Put your Now friends subscribe by businesses Its not open yet No This job is huge This is expensive Right Today, what we did was send this top You did hear all the information Always sorry Just All right It will turn out Let's take this It will be posted So friends next day will be Data 8,000 But, it took him' total. But when he would sell theOPERAULA The pats wereig to unfIM structures. 16,000. 6,000? How come you said you had to have another one? No. No, we have 32,000. I think you should have done it. I think you should have done it. You should have done it. No time for burger. I think you should have done it. So friends, we will see you in the next video. We will see you in the next video. Bye.