[Praise] They [Praise] They [Praise] They say what is a lawyer if he is not a lawyer what is a say what is a lawyer if he is not a lawyer what is a say what is a lawyer if he is not a lawyer what is a Sidhu if he is not a poet thump thump thump I thought the Sidhu if he is not a poet thump thump thump I thought the show was over the one I show was over the one I show was over the one I loved betrayed me oh my god loved betrayed me oh my god loved betrayed me oh my god little Sidhu wow the one I loved betrayed me he little Sidhu wow the one I loved betrayed me he little Sidhu wow the one I loved betrayed me he sent a dog after me my sent a dog after me my sent a dog after me my mind is closed eyes are open because I was sleeping at 3:00 mind is closed eyes are open because I was sleeping at 3:00 mind is closed eyes are open because I was sleeping at 3:00 Akshay woke me up at 4:00 I should sit down and Akshay woke me up at 4:00 I should sit down and Akshay woke me up at 4:00 I should sit down and see people are roaming around pretending to be fake by taking advantage of your access. see people are roaming around pretending to be fake by taking advantage of your access. Oye Guru Oye my place is here so Oye Guru Oye Guru come Oye my place is here so Oye Guru Oye Guru come Oye my place is here so Oye Guru Oye Guru come here Oye Guru come here the guest is sitting in front come here Oye Guru come here the guest is sitting in front come here Oye Guru come here the guest is sitting in front come here here here listen to me come and sit down listen to me come and sit down listen to me come and sit down hi myself loli JJB hi myself loli JJB hi myself loli JJB loli JB JJB like you are Jolly LLB loli JB JJB like you are Jolly LLB loli JB JJB like you are Jolly LLB no one laughs at my talks that's why no one laughs at my talks that's why no one laughs at my talks that's why I have brought my Sidhu sahab along that too I have brought my Sidhu sahab along that too I have brought my Sidhu sahab along that too in pair in pair in pair you know because of them our life has been you know because of them our life has been you know because of them our life has been ruined ruined ruined we don't know that's what I am we don't know that's what I am we don't know that's what I am telling you I am telling you that's what Pitu ji telling you I am telling you that's what Pitu ji telling you I am telling you that's what Pitu ji listen to me listen to me listen to me because of them no one invites us to parties because of them no one invites us to parties because of them no one invites us to parties because we don't party.  This is because we don't party.  This is because we don't party.  This is not our party.  Today I will take revenge for not our party.  Today I will take revenge for not our party.  Today I will take revenge for all the parties that did not take place, I will take it all the parties that did not take place, I will take it all the parties that did not take place, I will take it here. So there will be a So there will be a So there will be a party here today. party here today. party here today. What's the matter Guru?  It will be made small. What's the matter Guru?  It will be made small. What's the matter Guru?  It will be made small. Everything will be made small, big and big. Everything will be made small, big and big. Everything will be made small, big and big. Oh, what a wonder, come on, Oh, what a wonder, come on, Oh, what a wonder, come on, today I am going to call the today I am going to call the today I am going to call the rest of our party members here who will be rest of our party members here who will be rest of our party members here who will be partying.  Let's get started now. partying.  Let's get started now. partying.  Let's get started now. Hello and Hello and Hello and welcome welcome welcome to The Kapil Sharma Show. to The Kapil Sharma Show. to The Kapil Sharma Show. [Music] It's getting [Music] It's getting [Music] It's getting very dark at night and I've lost very dark at night and I've lost very dark at night and I've lost track of time. track of time. track of time. Chandu is the Chandu is the Chandu is the father of his child, so come inside. father of his child, so come inside. father of his child, so come inside. Who is this idiot bothering me at 12:00 at night? Who is this idiot bothering me at 12:00 at night? O 12:00 PM MS I just had to find out the time.   The thing is O 12:00 PM MS I just had to find out the time.   The thing is O 12:00 PM MS I just had to find out the time.   The thing is that I have a problem of not being able to sleep at night. that I have a problem of not being able to sleep at night. that I have a problem of not being able to sleep at night. So you will have a gold fever and So you will have a gold fever and So you will have a gold fever and you will not have any gold jewellery. you will not have any gold jewellery. you will not have any gold jewellery. And let me tell you, I also have a very bad habit of And let me tell you, I also have a very bad habit of And let me tell you, I also have a very bad habit of throwing tea on someone's face, neither at night nor while sleeping. throwing tea on someone's face, neither at night nor while sleeping. throwing tea on someone's face, neither at night nor while sleeping. Okay then Okay then Okay then add some sugar and milk and throw it away. Please throw it away Please throw it away Please throw it away friend, I am insulting you, you are friend, I am insulting you, you are friend, I am insulting you, you are making a face about the taste, I am not throwing away the making a face about the taste, I am not throwing away the making a face about the taste, I am not throwing away the tea friend, tea friend, tea friend, then this will be like tempting you and then refusing then this will be like tempting you and then refusing then this will be like tempting you and then refusing friend, come on, no one, I don't want to give you tea, friend, it is one, I don't want to give you tea, friend, it is one, I don't want to give you tea, friend, it is night time, I am night time, I am night time, I am scared to go there alone, please drop me scared to go there alone, please drop me scared to go there alone, please drop me there friend, oh why will you go there friend, oh why will you go there friend, oh why will you go so far, you sleep here only, so far, you sleep here only, not with the dogs, I will not be able to sleep with you friend, friend, not with the dogs, I will not be able to sleep with you friend, friend, not with the dogs, I will not be able to sleep with you friend, friend, how are you friend? how are you friend? how are you friend? Hey, they pick your pocket from behind. Hey, they pick your pocket from behind. Hey, they pick your pocket from behind. Someone killed me from here.  Oh, Someone killed me from here.  Oh, Someone killed me from here.  Oh, I am dead. I am dead. I am dead. No, you are wrong.  It is not like that.  He is like that.   Isn't it so No, you are wrong.  It is not like that.  He is like that.   Isn't it so ? ? ? Hey friend, tell me where is the hospital Hey friend, tell me where is the hospital Hey friend, tell me where is the hospital here? here? here? Do one thing, you will walk 10 steps from here. Do one thing, you will walk 10 steps from here. Do one thing, you will walk 10 steps from here. Yes.  Then come back 10 steps, you will Yes.  Then come back 10 steps, you will Yes.  Then come back 10 steps, you will stand here and you will see the hospital after 10 steps, friend, there is a stand here and you will see the hospital after 10 steps, friend, there is a stand here and you will see the hospital after 10 steps, friend, there is a hospital in front, why are you hypnotizing hospital in front, why are you hypnotizing hospital in front, why are you hypnotizing me, me, me, when I can see the hospital, you when I can see the hospital, you when I can see the hospital, you cannot see this doctor standing in front of it wearing a coat, cannot see this doctor standing in front of it wearing a coat, cannot see this doctor standing in front of it wearing a coat, my mistake, I made a mistake, when I saw your face, I thought you were a my mistake, I made a mistake, when I saw your face, I thought you were a my mistake, I made a mistake, when I saw your face, I thought you were a beggar, come on, beggar, come on, when a person is unwell, one when a person is unwell, one when a person is unwell, one should not joke with the doctor because should not joke with the doctor because should not joke with the doctor because if the doctor jokes with you, then if the doctor jokes with you, then if the doctor jokes with you, then you will be the first one to go, you will be in the pot. you will be the first one to go, you will be in the pot. you will be the first one to go, you will be in the pot. And listen, your mouth is also And listen, your mouth is also And listen, your mouth is also small.  You will come to Kul only.   Isn't it small.  You will come to Kul only.   Isn't it small.  You will come to Kul only.   Isn't it ?  So let me introduce myself. ?  So let me introduce myself. ?  So let me introduce myself. I am Dr. Mashoor Gulati CID. I am Dr. Mashoor Gulati CID. I am Dr. Mashoor Gulati CID. What does CID mean?   The show is coming on Sony TV.  Do show is coming on Sony TV.  Do show is coming on Sony TV.  Do n't you know the meaning of CID? n't you know the meaning of CID? n't you know the meaning of CID? Superhit program.  Haven't you ever seen it?   It is Superhit program.  Haven't you ever seen it?   It is Superhit program.  Haven't you ever seen it?   It is my favourite programme.  Okay my favourite programme.  Okay my favourite programme.  Okay yes, yes, yes, if you know then if you know then if you know then why are you wasting my time? why are you wasting my time? why are you wasting my time? Sorry, Sorry, Sorry, tell me your problem.   I have a tell me your problem.   I have a tell me your problem.   I have a lot of burning sensation in my chest, sir.   There must be a lot of burning sensation in my chest, sir.   There must be a lot of burning sensation in my chest, sir.   There must be a storm coming in your eyes. storm coming in your eyes. storm coming in your eyes. Why would there be a storm in my eyes, friend? Why would there be a storm in my eyes, friend? Why would there be a storm in my eyes, friend? Hey, you didn't listen to the ghazal, that burning sensation in the chest. Hey, you didn't listen to the ghazal, that burning sensation in the chest. Hey, you didn't listen to the ghazal, that burning sensation in the chest. Why is there a storm in your eyes? Why is there a storm in your eyes? Why is there a storm in your eyes? Why is everyone in the city so worried?   Let me Why is everyone in the city so worried?   Let me Why is everyone in the city so worried?   Let me tell you a very good thing. tell you a very good thing. tell you a very good thing. People wiser than you go crazy. People wiser than you go crazy. People wiser than you go crazy. Hey friend, tell me who made you a doctor.   There Hey friend, tell me who made you a doctor.   There Hey friend, tell me who made you a doctor.   There is a very thin story behind my becoming a doctor.   You got a is a very thin story behind my becoming a doctor.   You got a is a very thin story behind my becoming a doctor.   You got a little carried away by the story.  My father, please little carried away by the story.  My father, please little carried away by the story.  My father, please listen to what my father says.  You are doing it first. listen to what my father says.  You are doing it first. My father used to be a big smuggler. My father used to be a big smuggler. My father used to be a big smuggler. And my mother was a woman. Everyone's mother is a woman.  Whose Everyone's mother is a woman.  Whose Everyone's mother is a woman.  Whose mother is the fish?   The mother is the fish?   The mother is the fish?   The mother of a fish is a fish.   You got caught, right?  One night suddenly an caught, right?  One night suddenly an caught, right?  One night suddenly an accident happened at my parents' place. accident happened at my parents' place. accident happened at my parents' place. Ouch ouch. Ouch ouch. Ouch ouch. Such a big accident did not happen.  What happened Such a big accident did not happen.  What happened Such a big accident did not happen.  What happened brother?  Why do you do this?   No no, brother?  Why do you do this?   No no, brother?  Why do you do this?   No no, I broke my own hair and said 'uff'. I broke my own hair and said 'uff'. I broke my own hair and said 'uff'. Oh, a small accident happened with my mom and dad a small accident happened with my mom and dad a small accident happened with my mom and dad and today that accident has grown bigger and and today that accident has grown bigger and and today that accident has grown bigger and is standing in front of you.  Doctor Mashoor Gulati What is heart attack? What is heart attack? Where did the heart attack occur?  In which body part did the heart Where did the heart attack occur?  In which body part did the heart Where did the heart attack occur?  In which body part did the heart attack occur?   This is where attack occur?   This is where attack occur?   This is where heart attack occurs. heart attack occurs. heart attack occurs. Okay, wait, wait. Okay, wait, wait. Okay, wait, wait. Chandu, Chandu, Chandu, today I will show you today I will show you today I will show you how a person dies of a heart attack.  Come and see.  Hello hello how a person dies of a heart attack.  Come and see.  Hello hello how a person dies of a heart attack.  Come and see.  Hello hello Hello hello. Hello hello. Hello hello. Okay, listen to me.  I am talking about obstacles. Okay, listen to me.  I am talking about obstacles. Okay, listen to me.  I am talking about obstacles. And I am your husband, you idiot. And I am your husband, you idiot. Call me back as soon as you see my missed call.  What happened? Call me back as soon as you see my missed call.  What happened? Call me back as soon as you see my missed call.  What happened? Hello, keep your mouth wet in water and Hello, keep your mouth wet in water and Hello, keep your mouth wet in water and listen to me, keep your mouth wet in water, listen to me, keep your mouth wet in water, listen to me, keep your mouth wet in water, how can this control your mouth like a gram, how can this control your mouth like a gram, how can this control your mouth like a gram, what happened, do you call this, did you what happened, do you call this, did you what happened, do you call this, did you call me to show such things in future, I will call me to show such things in future, I will call me to show such things in future, I will tell the whole neighborhood that your daughter is a tell the whole neighborhood that your daughter is a tell the whole neighborhood that your daughter is a boy and not a girl, boy and not a girl, boy and not a girl, yes, if she is a man's daughter then she will be a man only, yes, if she is a man's daughter then she will be a man only, yes, if she is a man's daughter then she will be a man only, means if she is a horse's daughter then she will be a mare, this is how it is, means if she is a horse's daughter then she will be a mare, this is how it is, hey Chandu, hey, come here you who always talk about ringworm, scabies and itching, hey Chandu, hey, come here you who always talk about ringworm, scabies and itching, hey Chandu, hey, come here you who always talk about ringworm, scabies and itching, look here, look here, look here, how does a man look with this expensive disease of yours?  Heart attack how does a man look with this expensive disease of yours?  Heart attack how does a man look with this expensive disease of yours?  Heart attack oh I know you.  You do oh I know you.  You do oh I know you.  You do n't get an appointment letter from this show. n't get an appointment letter from this show. n't get an appointment letter from this show. How did the heart attack occur? How did the heart attack occur? How did the heart attack occur? One minute.  Oh, I know you too, One minute.  Oh, I know you too, One minute.  Oh, I know you too, how did you get this appointment word? how did you get this appointment word? how did you get this appointment word? Friend, please show me some respect sometimes.  I got the chicken with so much difficulty.  I have got hold of a Friend, please show me some respect sometimes.  I got the chicken with so much difficulty.  I have got hold of a Friend, please show me some respect sometimes.  I got the chicken with so much difficulty.  I have got hold of a [ __ ]. [ __ ]. [ __ ]. Applause.   It's Applause.   It's Applause.   It's good that he is a rooster.  If I were a hen, I would have taken out the good that he is a rooster.  If I were a hen, I would have taken out the good that he is a rooster.  If I were a hen, I would have taken out the egg.   That's egg.   That's egg.   That's correct.  You have woken me up unnecessarily. correct.  You have woken me up unnecessarily. correct.  You have woken me up unnecessarily. And I was having such good And I was having such good And I was having such good dreams.  I was about to get Dahi Bhalla dreams.  I was about to get Dahi Bhalla dreams.  I was about to get Dahi Bhalla in my dream. in my dream. in my dream. Dahi Bhalla item worth Rs even in dreams. Dahi Bhalla item worth Rs even in dreams. You people called me to tell me such a bad thing.  It You people called me to tell me such a bad thing.  It You people called me to tell me such a bad thing.  It ruined my mood. ruined my mood. ruined my mood. I was watching such a good match on I was watching such a good match on I was watching such a good match on TV. TV. TV. But there is no match today. But there is no match today. But there is no match today. I am not watching today's one.  I'm I am not watching today's one.  I'm I am not watching today's one.  I'm looking at an old one. looking at an old one. looking at an old one. Look at your words, don't get angry at what I say. Look at your words, don't get angry at what I say. Look at your words, don't get angry at what I say. Some match from 1990 is coming.  Your batting hasn't Some match from 1990 is coming.  Your batting hasn't Some match from 1990 is coming.  Your batting hasn't come yet.  You will be out after 15 minutes. come yet.  You will be out after 15 minutes. come yet.  You will be out after 15 minutes. I'm going back, you idiots. I'm going back, you idiots. I'm going back, you idiots. Hello, are you coming or not?  Heart attack.   It is or not?  Heart attack.   It is or not?  Heart attack.   It is coming. coming. coming. I will also go, friend.  I have to wake up in the morning and go to the bathroom. I will also go, friend.  I have to wake up in the morning and go to the bathroom. Hey, don't they feel any shame that a man has a heart Hey, don't they feel any shame that a man has a heart Hey, don't they feel any shame that a man has a heart attack and they think it's a joke. attack and they think it's a joke. attack and they think it's a joke. Here, whether there is a heart attack or someone's Here, whether there is a heart attack or someone's Here, whether there is a heart attack or someone's result comes.  The jokes shouldn't stop.  This result comes.  The jokes shouldn't stop.  This result comes.  The jokes shouldn't stop.  This show is like that.   Save save save. show is like that.   Save save save. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. Save. Save. Save. One minute.  Come to the side.  I save it there.   We will One minute.  Come to the side.  I save it there.   We will One minute.  Come to the side.  I save it there.   We will see everything here.  Come come.  Come.  Look, see everything here.  Come come.  Come.  Look, see everything here.  Come come.  Come.  Look, please save my brother-in-law.  Brother-in-law, what please save my brother-in-law.  Brother-in-law, what please save my brother-in-law.  Brother-in-law, what happened to you?   Is happened to you?   Is happened to you?   Is this your brother-in-law?   Yes. this your brother-in-law?   Yes. this your brother-in-law?   Yes. Oh, ho Oh, ho Oh, ho but but but your beautiful sister-in-law doesn't have to worry anymore. your beautiful sister-in-law doesn't have to worry anymore. your beautiful sister-in-law doesn't have to worry anymore. I will risk my life to I will risk my life to I will risk my life to save yours.  Ok? save yours.  Ok? save yours.  Ok? Look, please do whatever you want.  I am Look, please do whatever you want.  I am Look, please do whatever you want.  I am ready to pay any amount.  You save them. ready to pay any amount.  You save them. ready to pay any amount.  You save them. I can't take money from you. Why? Why? Why? Because then you will not go on a date with me. Because then you will not go on a date with me. But no one can save your sister except me. But no one can save your sister except me. Doctor Chandu will save them. 1 minute 1 minute ago If you survive the senior doctor then you will survive.  Hey, survive the senior doctor then you will survive.  Hey, survive the senior doctor then you will survive.  Hey, you're pregnant.  You didn't tell me.   Do n't you feel ashamed that you are gentlemen and do such n't you feel ashamed that you are gentlemen and do such n't you feel ashamed that you are gentlemen and do such things? things? things? Doctor Jayesh Arora, it was a pleasure to meet you Doctor Jayesh Arora, it was a pleasure to meet you who gives such happiness brother?  Are?  Such who gives such happiness brother?  Are?  Such who gives such happiness brother?  Are?  Such hugs remove all grievances. hugs remove all grievances. hugs remove all grievances. Oh, but I have no complaints. Oh, but I have no complaints. Oh, but I have no complaints. I saw that he had no complaints. I saw that he had no complaints. I saw that he had no complaints. Why are you putting your fox-like mouth Why are you putting your fox-like mouth Why are you putting your fox-like mouth in the middle?  stupid man.  Listen to me.  I am also in the middle?  stupid man.  Listen to me.  I am also in the middle?  stupid man.  Listen to me.  I am also a doctor.  I will also encourage them. a doctor.  I will also encourage them. a doctor.  I will also encourage them. Meet them.  This doctor Chandra Prakash is a Meet them.  This doctor Chandra Prakash is a Meet them.  This doctor Chandra Prakash is a specialist in fake glasses.   This way we specialist in fake glasses.   This way we specialist in fake glasses.   This way we clean the glass. clean the glass. clean the glass. Put anything on the glass.  He is very talented.   Just wait Put anything on the glass.  He is very talented.   Just wait Put anything on the glass.  He is very talented.   Just wait a minute, friend. a minute, friend. a minute, friend. Good. Good. Good. Hey brother, how and when did you become a doctor?   It's been Hey brother, how and when did you become a doctor?   It's been Hey brother, how and when did you become a doctor?   It's been half an hour for me.  I am half an hour for me.  I am half an hour for me.  I am sitting here. sitting here. sitting here. Hey Chandu, tell me, how did you become a doctor? Hey Chandu, tell me, how did you become a doctor? Hey Chandu, tell me, how did you become a doctor? I had made a wish.  I said I had made a wish.  I said I had made a wish.  I said I would become a doctor when a girl called. I would become a doctor when a girl called. I would become a doctor when a girl called. Or but if you are a doctor then why are you wearing this judge Or but if you are a doctor then why are you wearing this judge Or but if you are a doctor then why are you wearing this judge 's uniform? 's uniform? 's uniform? First we judge the disease, right? You know, Judge Sahib also makes very good tea. You know, Judge Sahib also makes very good tea. Tea boils after seeing them. Tea boils after seeing them. Tea boils after seeing them. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. She says who is making us, the one who has She says who is making us, the one who has She says who is making us, the one who has not been able to become anything himself yet. not been able to become anything himself yet. not been able to become anything himself yet. Friend, please see, I have been lying down for a long time.   Just lie down, Friend, please see, I have been lying down for a long time.   Just lie down, Friend, please see, I have been lying down for a long time.   Just lie down, here people become famous even by lying down. here people become famous even by lying down. Look, you can take a side if you're tired. Look, you can take a side if you're tired. Look, you can take a side if you're tired. Take your hands aside or do one thing, turn this round Take your hands aside or do one thing, turn this round Take your hands aside or do one thing, turn this round pillow upside down, your pillow upside down, your pillow upside down, your hands will remain on your face, this hands will remain on your face, this hands will remain on your face, this fake doctor of yours is madam, why fake doctor of yours is madam, why fake doctor of yours is madam, why fake, that is my side business and fake, that is my side business and fake, that is my side business and Priyanka Chopra does Hollywood Priyanka Chopra does Hollywood Priyanka Chopra does Hollywood movies and this Sidhu sahib, it is movies and this Sidhu sahib, it is movies and this Sidhu sahib, it is not known which businessman he is, which not known which businessman he is, which not known which businessman he is, which side he is, side he is, side he is, hey hey hey what happened, I what happened, I what happened, I came to the bathroom, came to the bathroom, came to the bathroom, what happened, should what happened, should what happened, should I just say, come in between, I just say, come in between, I just say, come in between, you people leave your side businesses and please you people leave your side businesses and please you people leave your side businesses and please treat my brother-in-law. treat my brother-in-law. treat my brother-in-law. Hey brother, wow, if she is like this then she should be like this.  Oh yes yes.   He is Hey brother, wow, if she is like this then she should be like this.  Oh yes yes.   He is Hey brother, wow, if she is like this then she should be like this.  Oh yes yes.   He is not so worried about his wife. not so worried about his wife. not so worried about his wife. See, if there is a wife, she will worry. See, if there is a wife, she will worry. See, if there is a wife, she will worry. He doesn't have a wife. He doesn't have a wife. He doesn't have a wife. Where have they been married so far?   Are Where have they been married so far?   Are Where have they been married so far?   Are ?  When they are married, how did you get married ?  When they are married, how did you get married ?  When they are married, how did you get married ? ? ? What actually happened to me?  When I went to the temple, I saw What actually happened to me?  When I went to the temple, I saw What actually happened to me?  When I went to the temple, I saw such a shoe lying there.  So he such a shoe lying there.  So he such a shoe lying there.  So he stole mine and since then the shoe hasn't torn.  We became a pair. stole mine and since then the shoe hasn't torn.  We became a pair. stole mine and since then the shoe hasn't torn.  We became a pair. You guys talk nonsense.  Sir, I am going to another hospital. You guys talk nonsense.  Sir, I am going to another hospital. wait. wait. wait. I will get it done from there, friend.   There are I will get it done from there, friend.   There are I will get it done from there, friend.   There are many ways to reach this hospital many ways to reach this hospital many ways to reach this hospital but none to leave. Meaning? Meaning? Meaning? Meaning it is one way, so the street is closed from the front. Meaning it is one way, so the street is closed from the front. Meaning it is one way, so the street is closed from the front. Come on brother, let's start.  You lie down on the Come on brother, let's start.  You lie down on the Come on brother, let's start.  You lie down on the floor.  Lie down, lie down.   On the floor.  Lie down, lie down.   On the floor.  Lie down, lie down.   On the floor?  exuse me.  Order a bed. floor?  exuse me.  Order a bed. floor?  exuse me.  Order a bed. And come on, let's bring a bed for madam. And come on, let's bring a bed for madam. And come on, let's bring a bed for madam. Madam. Madam. Madam. Not for me, order a bed for the patient.   He is Not for me, order a bed for the patient.   He is Not for me, order a bed for the patient.   He is welcome, should I order a bed for him, wait for welcome, should I order a bed for him, wait for welcome, should I order a bed for him, wait for 1 minute or 2 minutes, I have to go to the 1 minute or 2 minutes, I have to go to the 1 minute or 2 minutes, I have to go to the washroom, I will do it tomorrow, let's washroom, I will do it tomorrow, let's washroom, I will do it tomorrow, let's start the operation, start the operation, start the operation, what will happen if he lies down on the floor, hey, there must be a what will happen if he lies down on the floor, hey, there must be a what will happen if he lies down on the floor, hey, there must be a step where there is a thorn, step where there is a thorn, step where there is a thorn, hi Rama, hi Rama, hi Rama, excuse me, this is not there, excuse me, this is not there, excuse me, this is not there, when a thorn is pricked, it goes away on its own, he is when a thorn is pricked, it goes away on its own, he is when a thorn is pricked, it goes away on its own, he is right, he is right, right, he is right, right, he is right, yes you sing with Ta, Ta Ta Ta Ta Se, Taki Re, yes you sing with Ta, Ta Ta Ta Ta Se, Taki Re, yes you sing with Ta, Ta Ta Ta Ta Se, Taki Re, Taki Re, Jab Se Tum Jhakire, you can Taki Re, Jab Se Tum Jhakire, you can Taki Re, Jab Se Tum Jhakire, you can sing with whatever capital word you want, I am going to have a lot of fun. sing with whatever capital word you want, I am going to have a lot of fun. After seeing so many bad faces, After seeing so many bad faces, After seeing so many bad faces, I enjoy seeing such a face.   Please I enjoy seeing such a face.   Please I enjoy seeing such a face.   Please look, please treat them.   Come here.   Lie down.  Lie down.  Lie down look, please treat them.   Come here.   Lie down.  Lie down.  Lie down quickly. quickly. quickly. Lie down, lie down.   Let's Lie down, lie down.   Let's Lie down, lie down.   Let's start with the post-mortem. start with the post-mortem. start with the post-mortem. Oye Oye, you are crazy. What happened? What happened? What happened? I am still alive.  Why will there be a post-mortem I am still alive.  Why will there be a post-mortem I am still alive.  Why will there be a post-mortem ?  If I were alive, I would do it in front of you, ?  If I were alive, I would do it in front of you, ?  If I were alive, I would do it in front of you, you too would learn something. you too would learn something. you too would learn something. No, it's okay, it's okay. No, it's okay, it's okay. No, it's okay, it's okay. I'll call the first postmaster in a minute. I'll call the first postmaster in a minute. Why are you calling the post master? Why are you calling the post master? Why are you calling the post master? Hey, what will I do if the post master doesn't do the postmortem Hey, what will I do if the post master doesn't do the postmortem Hey, what will I do if the post master doesn't do the postmortem ?  Crazy you post Shutter ?  Crazy you post Shutter ?  Crazy you post Shutter Master is Master is Master is not coming.  I don't want to.  Well done. not coming.  I don't want to.  Well done. not coming.  I don't want to.  Well done. Hey, why are you getting angry, friend?  If Hey, why are you getting angry, friend?  If Hey, why are you getting angry, friend?  If you don't like this idea, you don't like this idea, you don't like this idea, try another one.  Do one thing, come here. try another one.  Do one thing, come here. try another one.  Do one thing, come here. Well, you tell me what Well, you tell me what Well, you tell me what should you do first?  Your options are A. Operation, B. should you do first?  Your options are A. Operation, B. should you do first?  Your options are A. Operation, B. Postmortem or C. Whatever you say, we will do it. Postmortem or C. Whatever you say, we will do it. Postmortem or C. Whatever you say, we will do it. Ok? Ok? Ok? Excuse me, I would like to take a lifeline. Excuse me, I would like to take a lifeline. Excuse me, I would like to take a lifeline. I have been hitting on you for a long time. I have been hitting on you for a long time. I have been hitting on you for a long time. You give me a line.  I will give you life. You give me a line.  I will give you life. You give me a line.  I will give you life. I am telling.   Listen to me.  You wo n't get such a life. n't get such a life. n't get such a life. According to me, they will have to be served hot tea According to me, they will have to be served hot tea According to me, they will have to be served hot tea first. first. first. This is true. This is true. This is true. Who serves tea to the patient?  Today we Who serves tea to the patient?  Today we Who serves tea to the patient?  Today we will offer whatever we have and we will run a truck over you. will offer whatever we have and we will run a truck over you. will offer whatever we have and we will run a truck over you. Stupid patient.  I thought about it and I don't even get a heart attack. Stupid patient.  I thought about it and I don't even get a heart attack. Stupid patient.  I thought about it and I don't even get a heart attack. Catch him and operate on him.   Bring it. Catch him and operate on him.   Bring it. Catch him and operate on him.   Bring it. Bring it, take it quickly. Bring it, take it quickly. Bring it, take it quickly. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come and bring it. Come on, come and bring it. Come on, come and bring it. Sit here.  Bring the bed quickly.  Bring it. Sit here.  Bring the bed quickly.  Bring it. Sit here.  Bring the bed quickly.  Bring it. You bring it yourself.  The operation is yours, You bring it yourself.  The operation is yours, You bring it yourself.  The operation is yours, not ours.  Let us go.   Let us go.   Bring it not ours.  Let us go.   Let us go.   Bring it not ours.  Let us go.   Let us go.   Bring it yourself.  Move ahead. Not from me, you bring it.   If you leave it, put your foot on top of it. you leave it, put your foot on top of it. you leave it, put your foot on top of it. Come on, come on, lie down, there is no time left, there are more Come on, come on, lie down, there is no time left, there are more Come on, come on, lie down, there is no time left, there are more operations to be done.  Come lie down.   The operations to be done.  Come lie down.   The operations to be done.  Come lie down.   The operation will take place. operation will take place. operation will take place. Hey, wait a minute, I really enjoy Hey, wait a minute, I really enjoy Hey, wait a minute, I really enjoy doing this. Oh yes, man. Oh yes, man. Oh yes, man. I have really been hit. I have really been hit. I have really been hit. Hey, Hey, Hey, okay, I am hurt by the pressure on my heart.  I have to do this one okay, I am hurt by the pressure on my heart.  I have to do this one okay, I am hurt by the pressure on my heart.  I have to do this one too. too. too. My child will watch the live operation. My child will watch the live operation. My child will watch the live operation. Oh my God, this is our first operation.  If I Oh my God, this is our first operation.  If I Oh my God, this is our first operation.  If I succeed then I will offer kheer. succeed then I will offer kheer. succeed then I will offer kheer. And if I am not successful then will I And if I am not successful then will I And if I am not successful then will I feed it to the crows? feed it to the crows? feed it to the crows? Oh God, you gave me work. Oh God, you gave me work. Oh God, you gave me work. I would have been better off dead.  I would have died. I would have been better off dead.  I would have died. I would have been better off dead.  I would have died. How could you die like this?  See. How could you die like this?  See. How could you die like this?  See. You should know why you died. You should know why you died. You should know why you died. Ok.  I do Ok.  I do Ok.  I do n't like your face at all, you sock-faced person.  Tomorrow n't like your face at all, you sock-faced person.  Tomorrow n't like your face at all, you sock-faced person.  Tomorrow you will die and go to God.  He you will die and go to God.  He you will die and go to God.  He will ask how will you die?  What will you tell?  Then you will use will ask how will you die?  What will you tell?  Then you will use will ask how will you die?  What will you tell?  Then you will use our name and spoil our brand. our name and spoil our brand. our name and spoil our brand. Come on, get the tools now.  Chandu, come on brother, tear it apart. Come on, get the tools now.  Chandu, come on brother, tear it apart. Come on, Come on, Come on, one minute.   Come on.   Hey hey hey one minute.   Come on.   Hey hey hey what are you guys doing?  There is what are you guys doing?  There is what are you guys doing?  There is some dirt stuck in their carburettors that you are some dirt stuck in their carburettors that you are some dirt stuck in their carburettors that you are removing their parts. removing their parts. removing their parts. Oh no, some doctor sir was a mechanic earlier, Oh no, some doctor sir was a mechanic earlier, Oh no, some doctor sir was a mechanic earlier, right? right? right? Yes, mechanic. Yes, mechanic. Yes, mechanic. Chandu brought the number five card. Chandu brought the number five card. Chandu brought the number five card. Friend, I think I will not be able to do it. Friend, I think I will not be able to do it. Friend, I think I will not be able to do it. I have to check your heart in a minute. I have to check your heart in a minute. I have to check your heart in a minute. Look, Look, Look, look, look, look, oh my God, there is a problem with your heart. oh my God, there is a problem with your heart. oh my God, there is a problem with your heart. Your time pass will require surgery. Your time pass will require surgery. Your time pass will require surgery. Look, it is not a time pass, it is a bypass surgery. Look, it is not a time pass, it is a bypass surgery. See, operation is very boring.  We will also See, operation is very boring.  We will also See, operation is very boring.  We will also pass the time.  Music pass the time.  Music pass the time.  Music ok Chandu quickly open your stomach.  Come on, take this knife. ok Chandu quickly open your stomach.  Come on, take this knife. ok Chandu quickly open your stomach.  Come on, take this knife. Tear it.  Come on brother, move aside friend, Tear it.  Come on brother, move aside friend, come and give me some ring or something, I am come and give me some ring or something, I am come and give me some ring or something, I am enjoying it, enjoying it, enjoying it, son, take the lotion, there is cotton in your stomach, you take the lotion, there is cotton in your stomach, you take the lotion, there is cotton in your stomach, you even eat pillows, what is this, no no even eat pillows, what is this, no no even eat pillows, what is this, no no sorry, the bed got cut by me and this came out, sorry, the bed got cut by me and this came out, oh it spoiled the whole operation, sorry, oh it spoiled the whole operation, sorry, oh it spoiled the whole operation, sorry, we could not save your patient, no no we could not save your patient, no no we could not save your patient, no no oh sorry, your kidney has gone bad, it has oh sorry, your kidney has gone bad, it has oh sorry, your kidney has gone bad, it has disappeared.  I will not have to put a new one, disappeared.  I will not have to put a new one, disappeared.  I will not have to put a new one, sir. sir. sir. Here's a water purifier. Here's a water purifier. Here's a water purifier. Hey friend, why are you installing this water purifier Hey friend, why are you installing this water purifier Hey friend, why are you installing this water purifier ?   Listen to me here. ?   Listen to me here. ?   Listen to me here. Who is the doctor? Who is the doctor? Who is the doctor? So look.  Kidneys are very expensive.  It is So look.  Kidneys are very expensive.  It is So look.  Kidneys are very expensive.  It is not even available.  See what is the function of the kidney not even available.  See what is the function of the kidney not even available.  See what is the function of the kidney ?  Purifies the blood.  It purifies the water.  It's the ?  Purifies the blood.  It purifies the water.  It's the ?  Purifies the blood.  It purifies the water.  It's the same thing.  So install this, it will same thing.  So install this, it will same thing.  So install this, it will cost Rs 3000.  After 6 months our guy will come and do the service and leave. cost Rs 3000.  After 6 months our guy will come and do the service and leave. Please take it.   Take. Please take it.   Take. Please take it.   Take. Oh my God.  There is also iron deficiency in it. Oh my God.  There is also iron deficiency in it. Oh my God.  There is also iron deficiency in it. How is this guy alive? How is this guy alive? How is this guy alive? Brother, this is very oh Brother, this is very oh Brother, this is very oh my God.  This is low iron deficiency. my God.  This is low iron deficiency. my God.  This is low iron deficiency. No, no, I will have to No, no, I will have to No, no, I will have to put it, I will have to put it.  Put the iron in. put it, I will have to put it.  Put the iron in. put it, I will have to put it.  Put the iron in. This will keep your nerves straight. This will keep your nerves straight. This will keep your nerves straight. And listen to me.  The plug has to be And listen to me.  The plug has to be And listen to me.  The plug has to be kept outside.  It will have to be heated. kept outside.  It will have to be heated. kept outside.  It will have to be heated. Yes. Yes. Yes. Oh wow!  This will hurt brother-in-law a lot. Oh wow!  This will hurt brother-in-law a lot. Oh wow!  This will hurt brother-in-law a lot. Tell me what are you talking about. Tell me what are you talking about. Tell me what are you talking about. What about you, friend, What about you, friend, What about you, friend, you ask big questions.  Sew its mouth. you ask big questions.  Sew its mouth. you ask big questions.  Sew its mouth. After that he will not be able to eat tobacco. After that he will not be able to eat tobacco. After that he will not be able to eat tobacco. I don't even consume tobacco like this.   You do I don't even consume tobacco like this.   You do I don't even consume tobacco like this.   You do n't even eat it.  Those who consume it will get a good n't even eat it.  Those who consume it will get a good n't even eat it.  Those who consume it will get a good message that if you put tobacco in your mouth, your message that if you put tobacco in your mouth, your message that if you put tobacco in your mouth, your mouth will get sealed like this.  Stop that. mouth will get sealed like this.  Stop that. mouth will get sealed like this.  Stop that. Why should I message?  Tell me. Why should I message?  Tell me. Why should I message?  Tell me. Why should I send a message?   You Why should I send a message?   You Why should I send a message?   You can message your sister-in-law.  Let's can message your sister-in-law.  Let's can message your sister-in-law.  Let's go for coffee.  Are?  So something good is happening go for coffee.  Are?  So something good is happening go for coffee.  Are?  So something good is happening in the society.  You cannot send a message for that. in the society.  You cannot send a message for that. I have not messaged anyone till date. I have not messaged anyone till date. I have not messaged anyone till date. So give it to me now.  Send a message to your sister-in-law to So give it to me now.  Send a message to your sister-in-law to So give it to me now.  Send a message to your sister-in-law to come and hug me, tell her, send the come and hug me, tell her, send the come and hug me, tell her, send the message, see message, see message, see your operation was very successful, your operation was very successful, your operation was very successful, no, I am not finished talking, I said no, I am not finished talking, I said no, I am not finished talking, I said your operation was successful, it was successful, I don't know, your operation was successful, it was successful, I don't know, your operation was successful, it was successful, I don't know, but give me my money, otherwise marry me, otherwise but give me my money, otherwise marry me, otherwise but give me my money, otherwise marry me, otherwise marry me, then we were not there with marry me, then we were not there with marry me, then we were not there with me, well what should I do, I will me, well what should I do, I will call the police right now, call the police right now, call the police right now, see what about the police, the police will come tomorrow and will see what about the police, the police will come tomorrow and will see what about the police, the police will come tomorrow and will ask you what happened, you will tell me later, ask you what happened, you will tell me later, ask you what happened, you will tell me later, even after that we will run away. even after that we will run away. even after that we will run away. Let us go. Let us go. Let us go. You guys listen listen listen listen listen listen what happened?  What happened? what happened?  What happened? what happened?  What happened? What happened?  What happened?  Listen, listen, what happened? What happened?  What happened?  Listen, listen, what happened? What happened?  What happened?  Listen, listen, what happened? What happened?  Listen, listen, what happened?  What happened? What happened?  Listen, listen, what happened?  What happened? What happened?  Listen, listen, what happened?  What happened? Silent. Silent. Silent. friend what happened?  Lyrics. friend what happened?  Lyrics. friend what happened?  Lyrics. When you won't let me speak, how will I When you won't let me speak, how will I When you won't let me speak, how will I tell you what happened? tell you what happened? tell you what happened? Okay, tell me what happened? Okay, tell me what happened? Okay, tell me what happened? The Kapil Sharma Show The Kapil Sharma Show The Kapil Sharma Show Muh Tere.  You were calling us at midnight to tell us this.   No no, Muh Tere.  You were calling us at midnight to tell us this.   No no, I wanted to tell you that I wanted to tell you that I wanted to tell you that I was listening to a song on the radio.  You also I was listening to a song on the radio.  You also I was listening to a song on the radio.  You also listen.  It is playing very well. The day God listens to us, you will The day God listens to us, you will The day God listens to us, you will not need to listen to these things later. not need to listen to these things later. not need to listen to these things later. God will listen to the one whose own wife does not listen to him. God will listen to the one whose own wife does not listen to him. God will listen to the one whose own wife does not listen to him. He will listen, he will listen. He will listen, he will listen. He will listen, he will listen. Today, not only you but your entire family will listen. Today, not only you but your entire family will listen. Today, not only you but your entire family will listen. 1 minute.  There is 1 minute.  There is 1 minute.  There is no need to call our family to tell you such a trivial thing.   Whoever listens will listen to no need to call our family to tell you such a trivial thing.   Whoever listens will listen to no need to call our family to tell you such a trivial thing.   Whoever listens will listen to both of us. both of us. both of us. Where will the family gather the family? Where will the family gather the family? Where will the family gather the family? I will send them the tickets now.  Hey, who is there in your family I will send them the tickets now.  Hey, who is there in your family I will send them the tickets now.  Hey, who is there in your family ?  One is this chick and one is this chick. ?  One is this chick and one is this chick. ?  One is this chick and one is this chick. [Praise] Hey, do [Praise] Hey, do [Praise] Hey, do n't you understand this?  She seems like my mother, you should n't you understand this?  She seems like my mother, you should n't you understand this?  She seems like my mother, you should explain it to her yourself. explain it to her yourself. explain it to her yourself. understood? understood? understood? You think about it and tell me whatever you want, you can You think about it and tell me whatever you want, you can You think about it and tell me whatever you want, you can say anything to him. say anything to him. say anything to him. Someone please tell me and show me.   Let's Someone please tell me and show me.   Let's Someone please tell me and show me.   Let's see today who stops us from saying it. Happy Happy Happy to you. You You You son, there is a whole 250 gram cake. Papa, there is no knife.  How do I cut it? Papa, there is no knife.  How do I cut it? Papa, there is no knife.  How do I cut it? Bumper.  Get the bumper knife.  Bumper. Bumper.  Get the bumper knife.  Bumper. Bumper.  Get the bumper knife.  Bumper. Aa your happy birthday ara happy birthday Aa your happy birthday ara happy birthday Aa your happy birthday ara happy birthday ara happy birthday.  Ara Happy Birthday ara happy birthday.  Ara Happy Birthday ara happy birthday.  Ara Happy Birthday Aram Aram Aram My bumper this is my birthday cake. bumper this is my birthday cake. bumper this is my birthday cake. Yes, the cake is gone, what the hell is this, Yes, the cake is gone, what the hell is this, Yes, the cake is gone, what the hell is this, but I had said that I do but I had said that I do but I had said that I do not eat cake with eggs, look, there is egg in the cake. not eat cake with eggs, look, there is egg in the cake. not eat cake with eggs, look, there is egg in the cake. Collar Woman It's Collar Woman It's Collar Woman It's my daughter's birthday today. my daughter's birthday today. my daughter's birthday today. Oh, I am with you in this hour of your sorrow. Oh, I am with you in this hour of your sorrow. Oh, I am with you in this hour of your sorrow. And you tell me, who can stop what is destined to happen And you tell me, who can stop what is destined to happen And you tell me, who can stop what is destined to happen ?  But I have to accept it.  You brought up this faceless, ?  But I have to accept it.  You brought up this faceless, ?  But I have to accept it.  You brought up this faceless, brainless daughter with great care. brainless daughter with great care. brainless daughter with great care. You have done a commendable job. Papa, did you hear this? Why don't you Papa, did you hear this? Why don't you Papa, did you hear this? Why don't you break his mouth? break his mouth? break his mouth? Son, can't you hear my praise? Son, can't you hear my praise? Son, can't you hear my praise? Hey our doctor sir, you were not praised. Hey our doctor sir, you were not praised. Hey our doctor sir, you were not praised. You are being insulted. You are being insulted. You are being insulted. My cat is being insulted.  If he listens to the whole thing then why don't My cat is being insulted.  If he listens to the whole thing then why don't My cat is being insulted.  If he listens to the whole thing then why don't we listen? we listen? we listen? What did he say?  Talpas's enlarged. What did he say?  Talpas's enlarged. What did he say?  Talpas's enlarged. All that credit goes to me only. All that credit goes to me only. All that credit goes to me only. What kind of a doctor is he?   That's enough What kind of a doctor is he?   That's enough What kind of a doctor is he?   That's enough dad, that's enough.  Oh my god no one loves me. dad, that's enough.  Oh my god no one loves me. No Sarla, what is it?  I No Sarla, what is it?  I No Sarla, what is it?  I love you.  You say like this that I do love you.  You say like this that I do love you.  You say like this that I do n't love you.  Hey, beware if you dare to look at my daughter. if you dare to look at my daughter. No, no, it is not that bad.  Let's watch for two-four No, no, it is not that bad.  Let's watch for two-four No, no, it is not that bad.  Let's watch for two-four minutes. minutes. minutes. Shame on you shameless person? Shame on you shameless person? Shame on you shameless person? You are married. You are married. You are married. I don't believe in a marriage that I don't believe in a marriage that I don't believe in a marriage that ends only on paper.   He is running a ends only on paper.   He is running a ends only on paper.   He is running a good election campaign.  Don't say it straight, do it like this. good election campaign.  Don't say it straight, do it like this. Doctor Sahib, marriage is the union of two souls. Doctor Sahib, marriage is the union of two souls. Doctor Sahib, marriage is the union of two souls. Not female.   Okay, Not female.   Okay, Not female.   Okay, I am leaving.  Where are you going Rani?  Just after listening to I am leaving.  Where are you going Rani?  Just after listening to I am leaving.  Where are you going Rani?  Just after listening to you I remembered Atmaram.   I you I remembered Atmaram.   I you I remembered Atmaram.   I thought I should do it. thought I should do it. thought I should do it. One second dad, what kind of birthday is this?  No One second dad, what kind of birthday is this?  No One second dad, what kind of birthday is this?  No cake, no gift. cake, no gift. cake, no gift. Paji, what don't people do for their daughter's birthday? Paji, what don't people do for their daughter's birthday? Paji, what don't people do for their daughter's birthday? Correct. Correct. Correct. How is your birthday? How is your birthday? How is your birthday? Son, that's enough son. Son, that's enough son. Son, that's enough son. Today your father. Today your father. Today your father. This helpless famous father. This helpless famous father. This helpless famous father. Doctor Gulati and Chhotalal Gulati Doctor Gulati and Chhotalal Gulati Doctor Gulati and Chhotalal Gulati take a pledge in Hari Sabha that take a pledge in Hari Sabha that take a pledge in Hari Sabha that a grand event will be organised on the occasion of your birthday.  A a grand event will be organised on the occasion of your birthday.  A a grand event will be organised on the occasion of your birthday.  A party will be organised on your birthday. party will be organised on your birthday. party will be organised on your birthday. [Applause] Oh my god.   Let me tell you [Applause] Oh my god.   Let me tell you one thing, if Kappuji was here, he would have made a one thing, if Kappuji was here, he would have made a one thing, if Kappuji was here, he would have made a great arrangement.  Hey, he great arrangement.  Hey, he great arrangement.  Hey, he knows all the big stars, he would have invited everyone. knows all the big stars, he would have invited everyone. knows all the big stars, he would have invited everyone. Me too? Me too? Me too? He also knows me. He also knows me. He also knows me. Who knows? Who knows? Who knows? You don't believe me.  But he You don't believe me.  But he You don't believe me.  But he respects me a lot.  I decide who the big stars are. respects me a lot.  I decide who the big stars are. Yes. Yes. Yes. That I will celebrate the biggest star in this party That I will celebrate the biggest star in this party That I will celebrate the biggest star in this party and bring him here. and bring him here. and bring him here. Look, whatever the party is like, remember one thing: Look, whatever the party is like, remember one thing: Look, whatever the party is like, remember one thing: I will not eat cake with eggs. I will not eat cake with eggs. I will not eat cake with eggs. We have to organize a party for you, for you. We have to organize a party for you, for you. We have to organize a party for you, for you. As a As a As a father, I also have some duties.   Do you father, I also have some duties.   Do you father, I also have some duties.   Do you understand? understand? understand? What?  What duty?  What?  What duties?   Yes What?  What duty?  What?  What duties?   Yes What?  What duty?  What?  What duties?   Yes ?  There are big responsibilities.  The daughter is still ?  There are big responsibilities.  The daughter is still ?  There are big responsibilities.  The daughter is still so young.  You are carrying a lot of responsibility. so young.  You are carrying a lot of responsibility. Fake man. Fake man. Fake man. Papa, let's prepare for tomorrow's Papa, let's prepare for tomorrow's Papa, let's prepare for tomorrow's birthday party. birthday party. birthday party. Yes yes go.  Bade Bachchan sahab is coming to Yes yes go.  Bade Bachchan sahab is coming to Yes yes go.  Bade Bachchan sahab is coming to his birthday party.  He will come, he will definitely come You don't know my father, right? definitely come You don't know my father, right? definitely come You don't know my father, right? Papa, Papa, Papa, son, I know him son, I know him son, I know him Papa, Bachchan sahab will come, tomorrow, birthday, birthday, birthday, Bachchan sahab will come Bachchan sahab is asking for it, he will Bachchan sahab is asking for it, he will Bachchan sahab is asking for it, he will come More big stars will come, come, come More big stars will come, come, come More big stars will come, come, I am ready, let's I am ready, let's I am ready, let's see, come, see, come, see, come, bumper bomber, both of you, come here, Captain bumper bomber, both of you, come here, Captain bumper bomber, both of you, come here, Captain