[Praise] They
say what is a lawyer if he is not a lawyer what is a
Sidhu if he is not a poet thump thump thump I thought the
show was over the one I
loved betrayed me oh my god
little Sidhu wow the one I loved betrayed me he
sent a dog after me my
mind is closed eyes are open because I was sleeping at 3:00
Akshay woke me up at 4:00 I should sit down and
see people are roaming around pretending to be fake by taking advantage of your access.
Oye Guru
Oye my place is here so Oye Guru Oye Guru come
here Oye Guru come here the guest is sitting in front come
here
listen to me come and sit down
hi myself loli JJB
loli JB JJB like you are Jolly LLB
no one laughs at my talks that's why
I have brought my Sidhu sahab along that too
in pair
you know because of them our life has been
ruined
we don't know that's what I am
telling you I am telling you that's what Pitu ji
listen to me
because of them no one invites us to parties
because we don't party. This is
not our party. Today I will take revenge for
all the parties that did not take place, I will take it
here.
So there will be a
party here today.
What's the matter Guru? It will be made small.
Everything will be made small, big and big.
Oh, what a wonder, come on,
today I am going to call the
rest of our party members here who will be
partying. Let's get started now.
Hello and
welcome
to The Kapil Sharma Show.
[Music] It's getting
very dark at night and I've lost
track of time.
Chandu is the
father of his child, so come inside.
Who is this idiot bothering me at 12:00 at night?
O 12:00 PM MS I just had to find out the time. The thing is
that I have a problem of not being able to sleep at night.
So you will have a gold fever and
you will not have any gold jewellery.
And let me tell you, I also have a very bad habit of
throwing tea on someone's face, neither at night nor while sleeping.
Okay then
add some sugar and milk and throw it away.
Please throw it away
friend, I am insulting you, you are
making a face about the taste, I am not throwing away the
tea friend,
then this will be like tempting you and then refusing
friend, come on, no
one, I don't want to give you tea, friend, it is
night time, I am
scared to go there alone, please drop me
there friend, oh why will you go
so far, you sleep here only,
not with the dogs, I will not be able to sleep with you friend, friend,
how are you friend?
Hey, they pick your pocket from behind.
Someone killed me from here. Oh,
I am dead.
No, you are wrong. It is not like that. He is like that. Isn't it so
?
Hey friend, tell me where is the hospital
here?
Do one thing, you will walk 10 steps from here.
Yes. Then come back 10 steps, you will
stand here and you will see the hospital after 10 steps, friend, there is a
hospital in front, why are you hypnotizing
me,
when I can see the hospital, you
cannot see this doctor standing in front of it wearing a coat,
my mistake, I made a mistake, when I saw your face, I thought you were a
beggar, come on,
when a person is unwell, one
should not joke with the doctor because
if the doctor jokes with you, then
you will be the first one to go, you will be in the pot.
And listen, your mouth is also
small. You will come to Kul only. Isn't it
? So let me introduce myself.
I am Dr. Mashoor Gulati CID.
What does CID mean? The
show is coming on Sony TV. Do
n't you know the meaning of CID?
Superhit program. Haven't you ever seen it? It is
my favourite programme. Okay
yes,
if you know then
why are you wasting my time?
Sorry,
tell me your problem. I have a
lot of burning sensation in my chest, sir. There must be a
storm coming in your eyes.
Why would there be a storm in my eyes, friend?
Hey, you didn't listen to the ghazal, that burning sensation in the chest.
Why is there a storm in your eyes?
Why is everyone in the city so worried? Let me
tell you a very good thing.
People wiser than you go crazy.
Hey friend, tell me who made you a doctor. There
is a very thin story behind my becoming a doctor. You got a
little carried away by the story. My father, please
listen to what my father says. You are doing it first.
My father used to be a big smuggler.
And my mother was a woman.
Everyone's mother is a woman. Whose
mother is the fish? The
mother of a fish is a fish. You got
caught, right? One night suddenly an
accident happened at my parents' place.
Ouch ouch.
Such a big accident did not happen. What happened
brother? Why do you do this? No no,
I broke my own hair and said 'uff'.
Oh,
a small accident happened with my mom and dad
and today that accident has grown bigger and
is standing in front of you. Doctor Mashoor Gulati
What is heart attack?
Where did the heart attack occur? In which body part did the heart
attack occur? This is where
heart attack occurs.
Okay, wait, wait.
Chandu,
today I will show you
how a person dies of a heart attack. Come and see. Hello hello
Hello hello.
Okay, listen to me. I am talking about obstacles.
And I am your husband, you idiot.
Call me back as soon as you see my missed call. What happened?
Hello, keep your mouth wet in water and
listen to me, keep your mouth wet in water,
how can this control your mouth like a gram,
what happened, do you call this, did you
call me to show such things in future, I will
tell the whole neighborhood that your daughter is a
boy and not a girl,
yes, if she is a man's daughter then she will be a man only,
means if she is a horse's daughter then she will be a mare, this is how it is,
hey Chandu, hey, come here you who always talk about ringworm, scabies and itching,
look here,
how does a man look with this expensive disease of yours? Heart attack
oh I know you. You do
n't get an appointment letter from this show.
How did the heart attack occur?
One minute. Oh, I know you too,
how did you get this appointment word?
Friend, please show me some respect sometimes. I got the chicken with so much difficulty. I have got hold of a
[ __ ].
Applause. It's
good that he is a rooster. If I were a hen, I would have taken out the
egg. That's
correct. You have woken me up unnecessarily.
And I was having such good
dreams. I was about to get Dahi Bhalla
in my dream.
Dahi Bhalla item worth Rs even in dreams.
You people called me to tell me such a bad thing. It
ruined my mood.
I was watching such a good match on
TV.
But there is no match today.
I am not watching today's one. I'm
looking at an old one.
Look at your words, don't get angry at what I say.
Some match from 1990 is coming. Your batting hasn't
come yet. You will be out after 15 minutes.
I'm going back, you idiots.
Hello, are you coming
or not? Heart attack. It is
coming.
I will also go, friend. I have to wake up in the morning and go to the bathroom.
Hey, don't they feel any shame that a man has a heart
attack and they think it's a joke.
Here, whether there is a heart attack or someone's
result comes. The jokes shouldn't stop. This
show is like that. Save save save.
Yes sir.
Save.
One minute. Come to the side. I save it there. We will
see everything here. Come come. Come. Look,
please save my brother-in-law. Brother-in-law, what
happened to you? Is
this your brother-in-law? Yes.
Oh, ho
but
your beautiful sister-in-law doesn't have to worry anymore.
I will risk my life to
save yours. Ok?
Look, please do whatever you want. I am
ready to pay any amount. You save them.
I can't take money from you.
Why?
Because then you will not go on a date with me.
But no one can save your sister except me.
Doctor Chandu will save them.
1 minute 1 minute ago If you
survive the senior doctor then you will survive. Hey,
you're pregnant. You didn't tell me. Do
n't you feel ashamed that you are gentlemen and do such
things?
Doctor Jayesh Arora, it was a pleasure to meet you
who gives such happiness brother? Are? Such
hugs remove all grievances.
Oh, but I have no complaints.
I saw that he had no complaints.
Why are you putting your fox-like mouth
in the middle? stupid man. Listen to me. I am also
a doctor. I will also encourage them.
Meet them. This doctor Chandra Prakash is a
specialist in fake glasses. This way we
clean the glass.
Put anything on the glass. He is very talented. Just wait
a minute, friend.
Good.
Hey brother, how and when did you become a doctor? It's been
half an hour for me. I am
sitting here.
Hey Chandu, tell me, how did you become a doctor?
I had made a wish. I said
I would become a doctor when a girl called.
Or but if you are a doctor then why are you wearing this judge
's uniform?
First we judge the disease, right?
You know, Judge Sahib also makes very good tea.
Tea boils after seeing them.
Absolutely.
She says who is making us, the one who has
not been able to become anything himself yet.
Friend, please see, I have been lying down for a long time. Just lie down,
here people become famous even by lying down.
Look, you can take a side if you're tired.
Take your hands aside or do one thing, turn this round
pillow upside down, your
hands will remain on your face, this
fake doctor of yours is madam, why
fake, that is my side business and
Priyanka Chopra does Hollywood
movies and this Sidhu sahib, it is
not known which businessman he is, which
side he is,
hey
what happened, I
came to the bathroom,
what happened, should
I just say, come in between,
you people leave your side businesses and please
treat my brother-in-law.
Hey brother, wow, if she is like this then she should be like this. Oh yes yes. He is
not so worried about his wife.
See, if there is a wife, she will worry.
He doesn't have a wife.
Where have they been married so far? Are
? When they are married, how did you get married
?
What actually happened to me? When I went to the temple, I saw
such a shoe lying there. So he
stole mine and since then the shoe hasn't torn. We became a pair.
You guys talk nonsense. Sir, I am going to another hospital.
wait.
I will get it done from there, friend. There are
many ways to reach this hospital
but none to leave.
Meaning?
Meaning it is one way, so the street is closed from the front.
Come on brother, let's start. You lie down on the
floor. Lie down, lie down. On the
floor? exuse me. Order a bed.
And come on, let's bring a bed for madam.
Madam.
Not for me, order a bed for the patient. He is
welcome, should I order a bed for him, wait for
1 minute or 2 minutes, I have to go to the
washroom, I will do it tomorrow, let's
start the operation,
what will happen if he lies down on the floor, hey, there must be a
step where there is a thorn,
hi Rama,
excuse me, this is not there,
when a thorn is pricked, it goes away on its own, he is
right, he is right,
yes you sing with Ta, Ta Ta Ta Ta Se, Taki Re,
Taki Re, Jab Se Tum Jhakire, you can
sing with whatever capital word you want, I am going to have a lot of fun.
After seeing so many bad faces,
I enjoy seeing such a face. Please
look, please treat them. Come here. Lie down. Lie down. Lie down
quickly.
Lie down, lie down. Let's
start with the post-mortem.
Oye Oye, you are crazy.
What happened?
I am still alive. Why will there be a post-mortem
? If I were alive, I would do it in front of you,
you too would learn something.
No, it's okay, it's okay.
I'll call the first postmaster in a minute.
Why are you calling the post master?
Hey, what will I do if the post master doesn't do the postmortem
? Crazy you post Shutter
Master is
not coming. I don't want to. Well done.
Hey, why are you getting angry, friend? If
you don't like this idea,
try another one. Do one thing, come here.
Well, you tell me what
should you do first? Your options are A. Operation, B.
Postmortem or C. Whatever you say, we will do it.
Ok?
Excuse me, I would like to take a lifeline.
I have been hitting on you for a long time.
You give me a line. I will give you life.
I am telling. Listen to me. You wo
n't get such a life.
According to me, they will have to be served hot tea
first.
This is true.
Who serves tea to the patient? Today we
will offer whatever we have and we will run a truck over you.
Stupid patient. I thought about it and I don't even get a heart attack.
Catch him and operate on him. Bring it.
Bring it, take it quickly.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come and bring it.
Sit here. Bring the bed quickly. Bring it.
You bring it yourself. The operation is yours,
not ours. Let us go. Let us go. Bring it
yourself. Move ahead.
Not from me, you bring it. If
you leave it, put your foot on top of it.
Come on, come on, lie down, there is no time left, there are more
operations to be done. Come lie down. The
operation will take place.
Hey, wait a minute, I really enjoy
doing this.
Oh yes, man.
I have really been hit.
Hey,
okay, I am hurt by the pressure on my heart. I have to do this one
too.
My child will watch the live operation.
Oh my God, this is our first operation. If I
succeed then I will offer kheer.
And if I am not successful then will I
feed it to the crows?
Oh God, you gave me work.
I would have been better off dead. I would have died.
How could you die like this? See.
You should know why you died.
Ok. I do
n't like your face at all, you sock-faced person. Tomorrow
you will die and go to God. He
will ask how will you die? What will you tell? Then you will use
our name and spoil our brand.
Come on, get the tools now. Chandu, come on brother, tear it apart.
Come on,
one minute. Come on. Hey hey hey
what are you guys doing? There is
some dirt stuck in their carburettors that you are
removing their parts.
Oh no, some doctor sir was a mechanic earlier,
right?
Yes, mechanic.
Chandu brought the number five card.
Friend, I think I will not be able to do it.
I have to check your heart in a minute.
Look,
look,
oh my God, there is a problem with your heart.
Your time pass will require surgery.
Look, it is not a time pass, it is a bypass surgery.
See, operation is very boring. We will also
pass the time. Music
ok Chandu quickly open your stomach. Come on, take this knife.
Tear it. Come on brother, move aside friend,
come and give me some ring or something, I am
enjoying it,
son,
take the lotion, there is cotton in your stomach, you
even eat pillows, what is this, no no
sorry, the bed got cut by me and this came out,
oh it spoiled the whole operation, sorry,
we could not save your patient, no no
oh sorry, your kidney has gone bad, it has
disappeared. I will not have to put a new one,
sir.
Here's a water purifier.
Hey friend, why are you installing this water purifier
? Listen to me here.
Who is the doctor?
So look. Kidneys are very expensive. It is
not even available. See what is the function of the kidney
? Purifies the blood. It purifies the water. It's the
same thing. So install this, it will
cost Rs 3000. After 6 months our guy will come and do the service and leave.
Please take it. Take.
Oh my God. There is also iron deficiency in it.
How is this guy alive?
Brother, this is very oh
my God. This is low iron deficiency.
No, no, I will have to
put it, I will have to put it. Put the iron in.
This will keep your nerves straight.
And listen to me. The plug has to be
kept outside. It will have to be heated.
Yes.
Oh wow! This will hurt brother-in-law a lot.
Tell me what are you talking about.
What about you, friend,
you ask big questions. Sew its mouth.
After that he will not be able to eat tobacco.
I don't even consume tobacco like this. You do
n't even eat it. Those who consume it will get a good
message that if you put tobacco in your mouth, your
mouth will get sealed like this. Stop that.
Why should I message? Tell me.
Why should I send a message? You
can message your sister-in-law. Let's
go for coffee. Are? So something good is happening
in the society. You cannot send a message for that.
I have not messaged anyone till date.
So give it to me now. Send a message to your sister-in-law to
come and hug me, tell her, send the
message, see
your operation was very successful,
no, I am not finished talking, I said
your operation was successful, it was successful, I don't know,
but give me my money, otherwise marry me, otherwise
marry me, then we were not there with
me, well what should I do, I will
call the police right now,
see what about the police, the police will come tomorrow and will
ask you what happened, you will tell me later,
even after that we will run away.
Let us go.
You guys
listen listen listen listen listen listen
what happened? What happened?
What happened? What happened? Listen, listen, what happened?
What happened? Listen, listen, what happened? What happened?
Silent.
friend what happened? Lyrics.
When you won't let me speak, how will I
tell you what happened?
Okay, tell me what happened?
The Kapil Sharma Show
Muh Tere. You were calling us at midnight to tell us this. No no,
I wanted to tell you that
I was listening to a song on the radio. You also
listen. It is playing very well.
The day God listens to us, you will
not need to listen to these things later.
God will listen to the one whose own wife does not listen to him.
He will listen, he will listen.
Today, not only you but your entire family will listen.
1 minute. There is
no need to call our family to tell you such a trivial thing. Whoever listens will listen to
both of us.
Where will the family gather the family?
I will send them the tickets now. Hey, who is there in your family
? One is this chick and one is this chick.
[Praise] Hey, do
n't you understand this? She seems like my mother, you should
explain it to her yourself.
understood?
You think about it and tell me whatever you want, you can
say anything to him.
Someone please tell me and show me. Let's
see today who stops us from saying it.
Happy
to you.
You
son, there is a whole 250 gram cake.
Papa, there is no knife. How do I cut it?
Bumper. Get the bumper knife. Bumper.
Aa your happy birthday ara happy birthday
ara happy birthday. Ara Happy Birthday
Aram
My
bumper this is my birthday cake.
Yes, the cake is gone, what the hell is this,
but I had said that I do
not eat cake with eggs, look, there is egg in the cake.
Collar Woman It's
my daughter's birthday today.
Oh, I am with you in this hour of your sorrow.
And you tell me, who can stop what is destined to happen
? But I have to accept it. You brought up this faceless,
brainless daughter with great care.
You have done a commendable job.
Papa, did you hear this? Why don't you
break his mouth?
Son, can't you hear my praise?
Hey our doctor sir, you were not praised.
You are being insulted.
My cat is being insulted. If he listens to the whole thing then why don't
we listen?
What did he say? Talpas's enlarged.
All that credit goes to me only.
What kind of a doctor is he? That's enough
dad, that's enough. Oh my god no one loves me.
No Sarla, what is it? I
love you. You say like this that I do
n't love you. Hey, beware
if you dare to look at my daughter.
No, no, it is not that bad. Let's watch for two-four
minutes.
Shame on you shameless person?
You are married.
I don't believe in a marriage that
ends only on paper. He is running a
good election campaign. Don't say it straight, do it like this.
Doctor Sahib, marriage is the union of two souls.
Not female. Okay,
I am leaving. Where are you going Rani? Just after listening to
you I remembered Atmaram. I
thought I should do it.
One second dad, what kind of birthday is this? No
cake, no gift.
Paji, what don't people do for their daughter's birthday?
Correct.
How is your birthday?
Son, that's enough son.
Today your father.
This helpless famous father.
Doctor Gulati and Chhotalal Gulati
take a pledge in Hari Sabha that
a grand event will be organised on the occasion of your birthday. A
party will be organised on your birthday.
[Applause] Oh my god. Let me tell you
one thing, if Kappuji was here, he would have made a
great arrangement. Hey, he
knows all the big stars, he would have invited everyone.
Me too?
He also knows me.
Who knows?
You don't believe me. But he
respects me a lot. I decide who the big stars are.
Yes.
That I will celebrate the biggest star in this party
and bring him here.
Look, whatever the party is like, remember one thing:
I will not eat cake with eggs.
We have to organize a party for you, for you.
As a
father, I also have some duties. Do you
understand?
What? What duty? What? What duties? Yes
? There are big responsibilities. The daughter is still
so young. You are carrying a lot of responsibility.
Fake man.
Papa, let's prepare for tomorrow's
birthday party.
Yes yes go. Bade Bachchan sahab is coming to
his birthday party. He will come, he will
definitely come You don't know my father, right?
Papa,
son, I know him
Papa,
Bachchan sahab will come, tomorrow,
birthday,
Bachchan sahab will come
Bachchan sahab is asking for it, he will
come More big stars will come, come,
I am ready, let's
see, come,
bumper bomber, both of you, come here, Captain
