Why are you guys getting so personal with me Why are you guys getting so personal with me Why are you guys getting so personal with me ?  I mean, you look at my makeup, look at my dress ?  I mean, you look at my makeup, look at my dress ?  I mean, you look at my makeup, look at my dress , look at my jewellery.  But what are you guys , look at my jewellery.  But what are you guys , look at my jewellery.  But what are you guys commenting on?  Sister, are these the only heels you have commenting on?  Sister, are these the only heels you have commenting on?  Sister, are these the only heels you have ?  Don't you have any other ?  Don't you have any other ?  Don't you have any other heels?  I took it brother, I took the heels. heels?  I took it brother, I took the heels. heels?  I took it brother, I took the heels. Now you guys are opening up by burning my bank Now you guys are opening up by burning my bank Now you guys are opening up by burning my bank account.  First of all I have bought account.  First of all I have bought account.  First of all I have bought these trending heels.  And look at its color, these trending heels.  And look at its color, these trending heels.  And look at its color, brown color.  You know brown color.  You know brown color.  You know how much I like brown color.  And there how much I like brown color.  And there how much I like brown color.  And there is a mix of beige in it too.  Both colors is a mix of beige in it too.  Both colors is a mix of beige in it too.  Both colors are my favorites.  And it also has this little bow. are my favorites.  And it also has this little bow. are my favorites.  And it also has this little bow. And this looks very cool And this looks very cool And this looks very cool brother.  Meaning, wear it in the office, wear it in a party brother.  Meaning, wear it in the office, wear it in a party brother.  Meaning, wear it in the office, wear it in a party , wear it anywhere, it looks like a great classy , wear it anywhere, it looks like a great classy , wear it anywhere, it looks like a great classy heel and is also very comfortable after wearing it. heel and is also very comfortable after wearing it. heel and is also very comfortable after wearing it. But if you guys had But if you guys had But if you guys had not made these comments, I would not made these comments, I would not made these comments, I would not have blown the fans into them at all.  Now look, I have not have blown the fans into them at all.  Now look, I have not have blown the fans into them at all.  Now look, I have all the red, blue and yellow heels. all the red, blue and yellow heels. all the red, blue and yellow heels. But there is nothing to wear under Indian wear. But there is nothing to wear under Indian wear. But there is nothing to wear under Indian wear. So I ordered golden So I ordered golden So I ordered golden colored heels which look very cute. colored heels which look very cute. colored heels which look very cute. Then again, if a person spends money on it, he will definitely Then again, if a person spends money on it, he will definitely Then again, if a person spends money on it, he will definitely find the thing lovely.  And I felt find the thing lovely.  And I felt find the thing lovely.  And I felt it would be a little uncomfortable it would be a little uncomfortable it would be a little uncomfortable because of this transparent strap.  But it is because of this transparent strap.  But it is because of this transparent strap.  But it is not uncomfortable at all.  Rest, only not uncomfortable at all.  Rest, only not uncomfortable at all.  Rest, only if I go to a wedding, I will be if I go to a wedding, I will be if I go to a wedding, I will be able to tell what condition my feet are in able to tell what condition my feet are in able to tell what condition my feet are in after wearing these.  If you after wearing these.  If you after wearing these.  If you want the link of these heels then comment the want the link of these heels then comment the want the link of these heels then comment the link.  I will send you the link right now.