Today mom did my hairstyle and Today mom did my hairstyle and Today mom did my hairstyle and what did I do to mom?  So for quite some what did I do to mom?  So for quite some what did I do to mom?  So for quite some time now we are running out of wash basin in our bathroom time now we are running out of wash basin in our bathroom time now we are running out of wash basin in our bathroom because the old one has because the old one has because the old one has passed away.  And mom and dad are saying that you passed away.  And mom and dad are saying that you passed away.  And mom and dad are saying that you never forget to eat momos.  She never forget to eat momos.  She never forget to eat momos.  She always forgets to bring the wash basin.  That's why I am thinking of getting it always forgets to bring the wash basin.  That's why I am thinking of getting it always forgets to bring the wash basin.  That's why I am thinking of getting it today because my family members have taken a today because my family members have taken a today because my family members have taken a vow that they will take bath only vow that they will take bath only vow that they will take bath only when the wash basin is available.  Hey, no problem, when the wash basin is available.  Hey, no problem, when the wash basin is available.  Hey, no problem, I will take bath as everyone's share.  Now after taking I will take bath as everyone's share.  Now after taking I will take bath as everyone's share.  Now after taking bath he said to his mother, O Mother, please bath he said to his mother, O Mother, please bath he said to his mother, O Mother, please do my hair today.  Like I used to make during school time, do my hair today.  Like I used to make during school time, do my hair today.  Like I used to make during school time, mom made these two braids. mom made these two braids. mom made these two braids. Then I also made mom's Then I also made mom's Then I also made mom's hairstyle and styled these two braids hairstyle and styled these two braids hairstyle and styled these two braids with a cap.  I am looking like a berry.  Now let us with a cap.  I am looking like a berry.  Now let us with a cap.  I am looking like a berry.  Now let us leave for the market leave for the market leave for the market in our vehicle.  But after coming to the market I found in our vehicle.  But after coming to the market I found in our vehicle.  But after coming to the market I found out that the entire market was closed today. out that the entire market was closed today. out that the entire market was closed today. With great difficulty I found a shop and even here With great difficulty I found a shop and even here With great difficulty I found a shop and even here only three options were available.  So I only three options were available.  So I only three options were available.  So I liked this one.  I also took a shower while I was at it. liked this one.  I also took a shower while I was at it. liked this one.  I also took a shower while I was at it. Then she threw this wash basin in the car Then she threw this wash basin in the car Then she threw this wash basin in the car and came straight to buy pots.  Because if and came straight to buy pots.  Because if and came straight to buy pots.  Because if these pots are not taken home today, my mother will send me straight to my these pots are not taken home today, my mother will send me straight to my these pots are not taken home today, my mother will send me straight to my in-laws' house.  Why Doremi?  I in-laws' house.  Why Doremi?  I in-laws' house.  Why Doremi?  I also bought a piggy bank with Doremi on it.  I have to save some also bought a piggy bank with Doremi on it.  I have to save some also bought a piggy bank with Doremi on it.  I have to save some small change for the wedding.