This is shikakai powder. You can see its
expiry date is 2026 and its price is
showing 249 and this is Brahmi
powder and its expiry date is also 2026,
which means it is very good,
none of it is expired and one of it is bad,
I have seen that too, I will show you which
colour they have used and this is our Hibiscus
powder and its expiry date is also 2026 and you are
seeing its price and it is showing 299, which
means if you buy all this then you will
get it according to this price and
I have bought it on MSHO, so all these together cost us
100 and by the way the price of all these
is and someone's is 299, someone's is 249 and
someone's is 185, it is like this, so this is
our Bingus powder rate is 2026 and this is
Amla powder, its is 2027 and it is
showing 129 and they gave us two Amla powders,
one was shown in it
He has sent one more extra and this
one of ours, this is a distilled product, this is
Reetha powder and it has expired
this month and it is
showing 199, so this is one of our distilled products,
rest overall all these products are
very good, it is
also very good for our hair and we will
make a hair mask of all these and share it with you all
and if you guys want to order it then
please order it, I will put its link
in my description box. You guys should
check it out. You can order it from there.
Meanwhile, one has gone bad and I am sorry for that
but no one is so good. There is
no problem. You
can give it 10% because our
wrist got involved in it. So this will have to be cut.
So let's just say this is all very good.
Otherwise it is a very good product.
I have used it before and I
am ordering it again and it is very good for our hair.
You can also order all these items. You
guys keep asking what I wear. So that's
all I apply. You guys should also order it. It is
very good and the products are
quite good. You guys must order it. So let's
end the video here. You guys
must check it out.
I will give its link in the description and please
like the video. You might not have subscribed to the channel
, please subscribe to the channel and
press the bell icon so that the
notifications of all my new videos
reach you first.
