Hey Babu Vinod, if you don't behave with your body, I will be ruined, Hey Babu Vinod, if you don't behave with your body, I will be ruined, Hey Babu Vinod, if you don't behave with your body, I will be ruined, who will give birth to children and take tension, who will give birth to children and take tension, who will give birth to children and take tension, who will look at the wife? who will look at the wife? who will look at the wife? Hey, who is this, Hey, who is this, Hey, who is this, extinguish my wind, the wind of the peacock, extinguish my wind, the wind of the peacock, hey, put on your glasses and look, hey, put on your glasses and look, yes, hey, turn me around, turn me around [screaming voice] yes, hey, turn me around, turn me around [screaming voice] yes, hey, turn me around, turn me around [screaming voice] Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god [laughter] Oh my god, I will [laughter] Oh my god, I will break my heart, oh my god, because of this break my heart, oh my god, because of this break my heart, oh my god, because of this peacock, daughter, I will peacock, daughter, I will peacock, daughter, I will break my hand after studying because of this bastard, break my hand after studying because of this bastard, break my hand after studying because of this bastard, oh my god, bastard. oh my god, bastard. oh my god, bastard. Hey, please pick me up. Hey, please pick me up. Hey, please pick me up. Saala mouth me muddam saala baithavela Saala mouth me muddam saala baithavela Saala mouth me muddam saala baithavela kohla. kohla. kohla. Hey [screaming voice] Hey [screaming voice] Hey [screaming voice] Oh my God, I'm lying here. [music] The [music] The [music] The bastard is in the market for every fortune. Hey Vinod, don't pay for the milk, hey Hey Vinod, don't pay for the milk, hey Hey Vinod, don't pay for the milk, hey man, how much will you take? man, how much will you take? man, how much will you take? 800. Well, 800. Well, 800. Well, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Brother, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Brother, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Brother, [Music] Stop giving me milk, I don't have the [Music] Stop giving me milk, I don't have the [Music] Stop giving me milk, I don't have the heart to pay. heart to pay. heart to pay. Hey Vinod, I don't have the heart to pay. Hey Vinod, I am my mother. Stop giving me milk, I drank Hey Vinod, I don't have the heart to pay. Hey Vinod, I am my mother. Stop giving me milk, I drank Hey Vinod, I don't have the heart to pay. Hey Vinod, I am my mother. Stop giving me milk, I drank all the milk. I have no shame, all the milk. I have no shame, all the milk. I have no shame, no shame. I give you buffalo no shame. I give you buffalo no shame. I give you buffalo milk, do n't kill me like this, others have understood. n't kill me like this, others have understood. n't kill me like this, others have understood. Okay, send the milk, Okay, send the milk, Okay, send the milk, okay. okay. okay. Tomatoes ₹50 per kg, brother ₹200 per kg, Tomatoes ₹50 per kg, brother ₹200 per kg, Tomatoes ₹50 per kg, brother ₹200 per kg, brother, brother, brother, yes, yes, yes, onions, how are you talking? onions, how are you talking? onions, how are you talking? ₹80. Why are you saying this, ₹80. Why are you saying this, ₹80. Why are you saying this, brother? These are bad brother? These are bad brother? These are bad times, bad things are sold at the market, times, bad things are sold at the market, times, bad things are sold at the market, give me half a kilo, give me half a kilo, give me half a kilo, yes, okay. yes, okay. yes, okay. How is the price of brinjal, How is the price of brinjal, How is the price of brinjal, lamka, lamka, lamka, how is the price of brinjal, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, how is the price of brinjal, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, sit and eat [Laughter] sit and eat [Laughter] sit and eat [Laughter] Give me half a kilo from the lamka Give me half a kilo from the lamka Give me half a kilo from the lamka ok 100 grams more is 100 grams more is 100 grams more is enough enough enough one rupee one and 70 rupees one rupee one and 70 rupees one rupee one and 70 rupees [Music] we have [Music] we have [Music] we have enough vegetables and vegetables, go and enough vegetables and vegetables, go and enough vegetables and vegetables, go and bring some home hey bastard you are asking for some water what is this game this game this game sit quietly sit quietly sit quietly Deepika Deepika Deepika yes yes yes come on Koya play the groom's game what kind of come on Koya play the groom's game what kind of come on Koya play the groom's game what kind of game is this wait tell me wait game is this wait tell me wait game is this wait tell me wait see if I earn money then you do see if I earn money then you do see if I earn money then you do n't give me food when you don't give me food n't give me food when you don't give me food n't give me food when you don't give me food I curse you a lot then pick up the broom and sweep and I curse you a lot then pick up the broom and sweep and I curse you a lot then pick up the broom and sweep and beat me like you beat my parents beat me like you beat my parents beat me like you beat my parents okay okay okay Deepika understood Deepika understood Deepika understood yes I understood see now I am the groom you are yes I understood see now I am the groom you are yes I understood see now I am the groom you are Koya now the election has started Koya now the election has started Koya now the election has started okay come hey Khachri bring some food I am very hungry hey Khachri bring some food I am very hungry hey Khachri bring some food I am very hungry ask your mother to eat hey sister [ __ ] eat whatever ask your mother to eat hey sister [ __ ] eat whatever ask your mother to eat hey sister [ __ ] eat whatever food your mother asks for why are you getting food your mother asks for why are you getting food your mother asks for why are you getting married you don't give me food I am sorry bastard I have so much married you don't give me food I am sorry bastard I have so much married you don't give me food I am sorry bastard I have so much you get up quietly and you get up quietly and you get up quietly and go and get the food ok you eat the food you go and get the food ok you eat the food you go and get the food ok you eat the food you said I will bring some hot food wait you eat the food said I will bring some hot food wait you eat the food said I will bring some hot food wait you eat the food hey  Father oh oh father oh brother oh father hey  Father oh oh father oh brother oh father hey  Father oh oh father oh brother oh father oh [screaming sound] brother go oh [screaming sound] brother go oh [screaming sound] brother go oh [laughter] oh father, leave it, leave it, I am not father, father, leave it, leave it, I am not father, father, leave it, leave it, I am not father, father, what about the art, father, what about the art, father, what about the art, hey, bring it, my darling, hey, bring it, my darling, hey, bring it, my darling, father, if you open it, you will take my pudding, I have earned a lot, my ass will be torn, and you beat me as per your wish, father, if you open it, you will take my pudding, I have earned a lot, my ass will be torn, and you beat me as per your wish, hey Deepakwa, why are you beating my son, son, why are you beating me, you bastard, you are hey Deepakwa, why are you beating my son, son, why are you beating me, you bastard, you are not fond of getting beaten, father, how do you play the groom's game, you have beaten me, you bastard, you have done not fond of getting beaten, father, how do you play the groom's game, you have beaten me, you bastard, you have done something wrong, something wrong, something wrong, father, you have learnt to knock on shoes all day, father, you have learnt to knock on shoes all day, father, you have learnt to knock on shoes all day, you bastard, you bastard, you bastard, I am not Babu, oh Babu, after spending the whole day I am not Babu, oh Babu, after spending the whole day I am not Babu, oh Babu, after spending the whole day drinking sweets, you do wrong things outside, drinking sweets, you do wrong things outside, drinking sweets, you do wrong things outside, you see, I am you see, I am you see, I am dead, dead, father, I am, but if it turns out to be useless, then what about me, tear my leg, tear my father, I am, but if it turns out to be useless, then what about me, tear my leg, tear my leg, Babu, take Babu, take Babu, take Malpur Kaswa Hey Damrava, I have bar, if there is a Hey Damrava, I have bar, if there is a Hey Damrava, I have bar, if there is a forest behind, then clear it, forest behind, then clear it, forest behind, then clear it, okay, bar behind, okay, bar behind, okay, bar behind, come, yes, come, the come, yes, come, the owner of the vegetable market, if you give me money, then the owner of the vegetable market, if you give me money, then the owner of the vegetable market, if you give me money, then the milkman will give me money, milk  what will you do milkman will give me money, milk  what will you do milkman will give me money, milk  what will you do now it doesn't give milk now it doesn't give milk now it doesn't give milk means the buffalo should stop giving milk ok wash your means the buffalo should stop giving milk ok wash your means the buffalo should stop giving milk ok wash your hands and bring it ok let me turn on the kalwa oh my hands and bring it ok let me turn on the kalwa oh my hands and bring it ok let me turn on the kalwa oh my god today the sun rises from the west and the god today the sun rises from the west and the god today the sun rises from the west and the day starts with two sons today he is the great god day starts with two sons today he is the great god day starts with two sons today he is the great god serving you and making serving you and making serving you and making fun of you we are alone you are the only one of the village fun of you we are alone you are the only one of the village fun of you we are alone you are the only one of the village people people people [sangeet] you are ok [sangeet] you are ok come and sit quickly let me cut the food [ come and sit quickly let me cut the food [ come and sit quickly let me cut the food [ sangeet] to Sonia's father we are not poor father our parents have to Sonia's father we are not poor father our parents have to Sonia's father we are not poor father our parents have failed in one or two years damarva failed in one or two years damarva oh damarva has come oh damarva has come oh damarva has come papa oh whatever papa call me take the big kachri for 50 big kachri for 50 rupees oh let me tell you papa papa everything is over take a big kachri for 50 rupees bastard so give rupees oh let me tell you papa papa everything is over take a big kachri for 50 rupees bastard so give rupees oh let me tell you papa papa everything is over take a big kachri for 50 rupees bastard so give me a son here me a son here me a son here papa I am alone papa I am alone papa I am alone father of 200 rupees give me a biscuit or eat run away from father of 200 rupees give me a biscuit or eat run away from father of 200 rupees give me a biscuit or eat run away from here you give it to me bastard you have here you give it to me bastard you have here you give it to me bastard you have no brain you understand why not what a no brain you understand why not what a no brain you understand why not what a class for ₹ bastard class for ₹ bastard class for ₹ bastard ok leave it hot  Eating hot food [music] ok leave it hot  Eating hot food [music] ok leave it hot  Eating hot food [music] Whoever eats Wow, make delicious vegetables today And Wow, make delicious vegetables today And Wow, make delicious vegetables today And prepare goat's lehri this day Don't forget prepare goat's lehri this day Don't forget prepare goat's lehri this day Don't forget everything I will take a bath and eat on the pan everything I will take a bath and eat on the pan everything I will take a bath and eat on the pan Sisterfucker, black in the dal The wife Sisterfucker, black in the dal The wife Sisterfucker, black in the dal The wife wants to taunt wants to taunt wants to taunt me No problem, before the goat is slaughtered, God bless you me No problem, before the goat is slaughtered, God bless you me No problem, before the goat is slaughtered, God bless you If the grandmother serves me If the grandmother serves me later If I don't say anything, hey, if you become later If I don't say anything, hey, if you become later If I don't say anything, hey, if you become mad, then the husband will become God, this is not mad, then the husband will become God, this is not mad, then the husband will become God, this is not good good good [music] So what is right with me today Hey, Hey, Hey, what, what, what, I will take you to the market and make you do the shopping I will buy I will take you to the market and make you do the shopping I will buy I will take you to the market and make you do the shopping I will buy makeup items, go to the beauty parlor and makeup items, go to the beauty parlor and makeup items, go to the beauty parlor and buy a saree [music] Oh my god, now I understand that you asked for so much god, now I understand that you asked for so much god, now I understand that you asked for so much service and hospitality Later, I will service and hospitality Later, I will service and hospitality Later, I will fight for a miracle, I will fill my ass with you, you do the fight for a miracle, I will fill my ass with you, you do the fight for a miracle, I will fill my ass with you, you do the shopping [laughter] Hey, if you shopping [laughter] Hey, if you shopping [laughter] Hey, if you offer it to me, explain it to me lovingly If you don't understand, offer it to me, explain it to me lovingly If you don't understand, offer it to me, explain it to me lovingly If you don't understand, shut up shut up shut up Take me to the market, I will get you murdered, I am ready in the morning, Take me to the market, I will get you murdered, I am ready in the morning, I am ready if not then you understand Soni Ram Ram Mata  You got down so quickly and did the work work [Screaming] Oh my god, are you [Screaming] Oh my god, are you [Screaming] Oh my god, are you ready? Come on, hurry up. ready? Come on, hurry up. ready? Come on, hurry up. Yes, get ready. Come on, Yes, get ready. Come on, where are you going to take your wife? where are you going to take your wife? where are you going to take your wife? Oh Babu, take your wife to the market and do some Oh Babu, take your wife to the market and do some Oh Babu, take your wife to the market and do some shopping. I will take care of her. What are shopping. I will take care of her. What are you going to do with us? you going to do with us? you going to do with us? Son, listen Vinod, if you do Son, listen Vinod, if you do Son, listen Vinod, if you do n't take me to the market today, I will take sulphas n't take me to the market today, I will take sulphas n't take me to the market today, I will take sulphas tablets and die. tablets and die. tablets and die. Okay, you go and enjoy all your affinity. Later, Okay, you go and enjoy all your affinity. Later, Okay, you go and enjoy all your affinity. Later, when I tear your ass apart, I will quench your thirst. when I tear your ass apart, I will quench your thirst. when I tear your ass apart, I will quench your thirst. Come on, Come on, Come on, Papa, I will take you to the market. After I get my hair cut, my Papa, I will take you to the market. After I get my hair cut, my Papa, I will take you to the market. After I get my hair cut, my husband. husband. Okay, you go, I will eat and take birth. Sit in the front, brother, Sit in the front, brother, Sit in the front, brother, Papa, where am I sitting? Papa, where am I sitting? Papa, where am I sitting? You sit on my head. Sit, sit, sit, You sit on my head. Sit, sit, sit, You sit on my head. Sit, sit, sit, right, sit on that. right, sit on that. right, sit on that. Anyway, where are you going to sit on my head? Oh, is this a market? This is Oh, is this a market? This is Oh, is this a market? This is not a market. This is the jungles of Africa. Have you not a market. This is the jungles of Africa. Have you not a market. This is the jungles of Africa. Have you forgotten about yesterday? [Music] Papa, give me a bike or ball, we will play together. Papa, give me a bike or ball, we will play together. Papa, give me a bike or ball, we will play together. Bastard, you should keep quiet, otherwise I will throw you from above [Music] I see very low quality stuff, see very low quality stuff, see very low quality stuff, yes, I understand that you like it more Sit down, Sit down, Sit down, oh brother, show me the saree, she said, Bhaji, I showed you a tight saree, oh brother, show me the saree, she said, Bhaji, I showed you a tight saree, oh brother, show me the saree, she said, Bhaji, I showed you a tight saree, Banarasi, Banarasi silk one, cotton one, show me tightly, the Banarasi, Banarasi silk one, cotton one, show me tightly, the saree is not matching with the father's, saree is not matching with the father's, saree is not matching with the father's, what is the matter, oh brother, show me the lady, sarees of four or five rupees are what is the matter, oh brother, show me the lady, sarees of four or five rupees are what is the matter, oh brother, show me the lady, sarees of four or five rupees are going on, going on, going on, yes, yes, why not, yes, yes, why not, yes, yes, why not, why, I am dying after tearing the bedsheet of your ass, why, I am dying after tearing the bedsheet of your ass, why, I am dying after tearing the bedsheet of your ass, show me the one of ₹00, it is show me the one of ₹00, it is show me the one of ₹00, it is of the sir [Laughter] of the sir [Laughter] of the sir [Laughter] Saree for 50, give me the ganji kaftan for 50, Saree for 50, give me the ganji kaftan for 50, Saree for 50, give me the ganji kaftan for 50, yes, give me, I will give you, yes, give me, I will give you, yes, give me, I will give you, okay, okay, okay, look, Banarasi saree is look, Banarasi saree is look, Banarasi saree is new design, make, now the goods are new, model, same, I am new design, make, now the goods are new, model, same, I am new design, make, now the goods are new, model, same, I am branded, [Music] It is a very nice silk saree, oh brother, very nice silk saree, oh brother, very nice silk saree, oh brother, I liked it, can I liked it, can I liked it, can you buy something, yes, take you buy something, yes, take you buy something, yes, take any saree, I will take it, wear it, any saree, I will take it, wear it, any saree, I will take it, wear it, you will take a cotton saree, you will take a cotton saree, you will take a cotton saree, okay, I have taken a cotton saree, if you will wear it and take a okay, I have taken a cotton saree, if you will wear it and take a okay, I have taken a cotton saree, if you will wear it and take a dog, then what will you dog, then what will you dog, then what will you take, if you want a take, if you want a take, if you want a job, then take it, otherwise die by eating sulphas tablets job, then take it, otherwise die by eating sulphas tablets job, then take it, otherwise die by eating sulphas tablets [screaming voice] I will [screaming voice] I will [screaming voice] I will not die but I will die by taking sulphas tablets not die but I will die by taking sulphas tablets O brother, I have given you the saree from my aunt, what will you give me, O brother, I have given you the saree from my aunt, what will you give me, O brother, I have given you the saree from my aunt, what will you give me, why are you in such a mood, I mean my why are you in such a mood, I mean my why are you in such a mood, I mean my wife, when she sees the saree, she says ton ton, it's my wife, when she sees the saree, she says ton ton, it's my wife, when she sees the saree, she says ton ton, it's my turn, after getting married, there are turn, after getting married, there are turn, after getting married, there are two or four wives, two or four wives, two or four wives, you should not add fuel to the fire, did you understand, you should not add fuel to the fire, did you understand, you should not add fuel to the fire, did you understand, [screaming voice] then talk in the shop, [screaming voice] then talk in the shop, [screaming voice] then talk in the shop, okay, fine, I will throw both of you in the fire, okay, fine, I will throw both of you in the fire, okay, fine, I will throw both of you in the fire, 1000 rupees, 1000 rupees, 1000 rupees, yes [music] you are bastards, you are ruining our earnings, you people earnings, you people earnings, you people sir, there are two men, 12, sir, there are two men, 12, sir, there are two men, 12, leave me, leave me, leave me, yes, no, give me, Sanjay, take the branded one, leave me, yes, no, give me, Sanjay, take the branded one, leave me, yes, no, give me, Sanjay, take the branded one, leave me, wait, from where will the munshi give the money, it is where will the munshi give the money, it is where will the munshi give the money, it is best to give it after a year, after spending it, best to give it after a year, after spending it, best to give it after a year, after spending it, people, you have wasted the money, woman come on foot to the market, buy the saree and make up, oh my god, baba, buy the saree and make up, oh my god, baba, buy the saree and make up, oh my god, baba, now what should I do, I am now what should I do, I am now what should I do, I am helpless, I have to turn the tap from the shop, shop, shop, no, I will not take it, barka in the shop, oh my god, no, I will not take it, barka in the shop, oh my god, no, I will not take it, barka in the shop, oh my god, barka  Shall we go to the shop and barka  Shall we go to the shop and barka  Shall we go to the shop and buy big stuff? buy big stuff? buy big stuff? Yes [Music] Come on, this is a big shop, Come on, this is a big shop, Come on, this is a big shop, this is a big shop. this is a big shop. this is a big shop. Yes, let's Yes, let's Yes, let's go, okay. [ go, okay. [ Music] She said, what do you want? Yes, give me the red lipstick, give me the earrings, give me the nose ring, I have displayed it in the shop, okay. [Music] That's enough, enough, enough, take the makeup kit. [Music] take the makeup kit. [Music] take the makeup kit. [Music] Which company's is it? I am a fool, I have Which company's is it? I am a fool, I have Which company's is it? I am a fool, I have failed in Matriculation. I know everything about Lakme. I failed in Matriculation. I know everything about Lakme. I failed in Matriculation. I know everything about Lakme. I want to tell you first, want to tell you first, want to tell you first, but bring it. but bring it. but bring it. Yes, okay, I have been saying this for a long time. Yes, okay, I have been saying this for a long time. Yes, my throat. Yes, my throat. Yes, my throat. Mother, will you take Mother, will you take Mother, will you take something? something? something? Yes, then take it. Take the respect. Yes, then take it. Take the respect. Yes, then take it. Take the respect. Oh mother, why would you take it? Take the full one. Oh mother, why would you take it? Take the full one. Oh mother, why would you take it? Take the full one. Vinod, you satisfy your thirst, take the respect. Vinod, you satisfy your thirst, take the respect. Vinod, you satisfy your thirst, take the respect. I will keep it. Otherwise, I will die by taking sulpha tablets, oh my god, I will keep it. Otherwise, I will die by taking sulpha tablets, oh my god, I will keep it. Otherwise, I will die by taking sulpha tablets, oh my god, I will die after a year, oh my god, I will die after a year, oh my god, I will die after a year, oh my god, brother. brother. brother. Yes, brother, you are Yes, brother, you are Yes, brother, you are asking for it. asking for it. asking for it. Aunty, give me the money for the Jai Mala necklace. Yes, give me the Aunty, give me the money for the Jai Mala necklace. Yes, give me the Aunty, give me the money for the Jai Mala necklace. Yes, give me the money for the Jai Mala necklace. I will get torn apart. Yes, my ass will get torn apart. Oh my money for the Jai Mala necklace. I will get torn apart. Yes, my ass will get torn apart. Oh my god, take it. Do one thing, put the god, take it. Do one thing, put the god, take it. Do one thing, put the whole thing on the truck in the shop.  Take me away, whole thing on the truck in the shop.  Take me away, whole thing on the truck in the shop.  Take me away, yes, if you have mercy, I will carry you away, yes, if you have mercy, I will carry you away, yes, if you have mercy, I will carry you away, father, father, I am a fool, oh father, father, I am a fool, oh father, father, I am a fool, oh brother, quickly take me away in a sack, brother, quickly take me away in a sack, brother, quickly take me away in a sack, you bastard [laughs], wait, wait, look, I have got my makeup done at the beauty parlor, wait, wait, look, I have got my makeup done at the beauty parlor, now get it done, now get it done, now get it done, fix it, fix it, fix it, mother, where are you going, I have got my lips done, I am getting mother, where are you going, I have got my lips done, I am getting mother, where are you going, I have got my lips done, I am getting old, if my eyes get damaged, I will old, if my eyes get damaged, I will old, if my eyes get damaged, I will die four or five times, if die four or five times, if die four or five times, if I get my makeup done, I will die by taking sulphas tablets, I get my makeup done, I will die by taking sulphas tablets, father, father, I have been using sulphas all day, whatever you want, father, father, I have been using sulphas all day, whatever you want, father, father, I have been using sulphas all day, whatever you want, father, father, I am an old woman, if I father, father, I am an old woman, if I father, father, I am an old woman, if I die of sulphas, then why should I die, you die of sulphas, then why should I die, you die of sulphas, then why should I die, you pull my leg, I am the daughter of Lalpur, tear my tongue pull my leg, I am the daughter of Lalpur, tear my tongue pull my leg, I am the daughter of Lalpur, tear my tongue [screaming voice], there is an arena in the middle of the market, I will get my nose cut, give me the arena in the middle of the market, I will get my nose cut, give me the arena in the middle of the market, I will get my nose cut, give me the money, money, money, why are you troubling me, I can even run a beauty parlor, come, come why are you troubling me, I can even run a beauty parlor, come, come inside, sit [music] where are you coming?  Men are not allowed in this. where are you coming?  Men are not allowed in this. where are you coming?  Men are not allowed in this. Men are not allowed. Men are not allowed. Men are not allowed. No, are No, are No, are we animals that we are chasing them? we animals that we are chasing them? we animals that we are chasing them? Come on, run away from here.  [Music] Come on, run away from here.  [Music] Come on, run away from here.  [Music] Where will you take him to? Ma'am, Where will you take him to? Ma'am, Where will you take him to? Ma'am, what all do you want to get done?  I did SL, applied what all do you want to get done?  I did SL, applied what all do you want to get done?  I did SL, applied powder on the facial, applied it powder on the facial, applied it powder on the facial, applied it and made my face glow completely like a beard, and made my face glow completely like a beard, and made my face glow completely like a beard, okay, I will make you natural, okay, I will make you natural, okay, I will make you natural, yes, okay, okay, what do yes, okay, okay, what do yes, okay, okay, what do you want to get done, whatever your you want to get done, whatever your you want to get done, whatever your lover says, okay, tell me lover says, okay, tell me after becoming a natural beauty, after becoming a natural beauty, after becoming a natural beauty, yes, yes, yes, okay, make me a natural beauty, yes, yes, okay, make me a natural beauty, yes, yes, okay, make me a natural beauty, yes, yes, Bhabhi, make me a beard Bhabhi, make me a beard Bhabhi, make me a beard today and send me to Bengal, today and send me to Bengal, today and send me to Bengal, Papa will sit here and get my hair Papa will sit here and get my hair Papa will sit here and get my hair shaved, beat me, you bastard, say for a week shaved, beat me, you bastard, say for a week shaved, beat me, you bastard, say for a week [screaming voice] I [screaming voice] I [screaming voice] I mean, I will not get it done with love, you bastard, shut up, shut up mean, I will not get it done with love, you bastard, shut up, shut up [music] I swear oh brother, cut my hair into a bowl, cut it in half, or oh brother, cut my hair into a bowl, cut it in half, or oh brother, cut my hair into a bowl, cut it in half, or completely, or cut it completely, yes, cut it completely, you do completely, or cut it completely, yes, cut it completely, you do n't have to get it shaved for a month or two, n't have to get it shaved for a month or two, n't have to get it shaved for a month or two, okay, that's it okay, that's it okay, that's it [music] take it brother, get it shaved, yes take it brother, get it shaved, yes take it brother, get it shaved, yes take it [music] you double faced father, get your hair shaved, double faced father, get your hair shaved, double faced father, get your hair shaved, okay, son, okay, okay, son, okay, okay, son, okay, I am sending you to the beauty parlor, get it shaved, I am sending you to the beauty parlor, get it shaved, I am sending you to the beauty parlor, get it shaved, bastard, bastard, bastard, come on, stop talking so much, oh come on, stop talking so much, oh come on, stop talking so much, oh brother  How much money will you pay? If you talk so boastfully, you will ruin a lot of things talk so boastfully, you will ruin a lot of things talk so boastfully, you will ruin a lot of things How much time will it take? It may be three to four hours, but the How much time will it take? It may be three to four hours, but the How much time will it take? It may be three to four hours, but the beautician is not there yet. Should I go today? beautician is not there yet. Should I go today? beautician is not there yet. Should I go today? Leave quickly. [Music] Do one thing, my mother one thing, my mother one thing, my mother is inside, call her. is inside, call her. is inside, call her. Vinod, are you not happy? Vinod, are you not happy? Vinod, are you not happy? Hey, you are Munni, hey, Hey, you are Munni, hey, which one? My Asian glasses are which one? My Asian glasses are which one? My Asian glasses are bad, are you happy? bad, are you happy? bad, are you happy? Now I need glasses of what power, get them Now I need glasses of what power, get them Now I need glasses of what power, get them made quickly. made quickly. made quickly. Chalo beauty parlor baaki machine ba ho andar Chalo beauty parlor baaki machine ba ho andar Chalo beauty parlor baaki machine ba ho andar jaata to sup bahar niklo re kha.  How much money do you have jaata to sup bahar niklo re kha.  How much money do you have jaata to sup bahar niklo re kha.  How much money do you have ? ? ? Now please do one thing Now please do one thing Now please do one thing quickly.  Hum mano gadbat quickly.  Hum mano gadbat quickly.  Hum mano gadbat come quickly.  Maa you are a complete Hema Malini, why don't you be come quickly.  Maa you are a complete Hema Malini, why don't you be come quickly.  Maa you are a complete Hema Malini, why don't you be quiet, you double faced person, why are you casting such a quiet, you double faced person, why are you casting such a quiet, you double faced person, why are you casting such a glance at me, I am our own, why come on come on come on come on glance at me, I am our own, why come on come on come on come on glance at me, I am our own, why come on come on come on come on quickly [Music] Seth, get me hit with your pants, so much, with your pants, so much, okay okay [Music] I like it so much, yes yes, I liked it so much that my underwear gets torn, get down come on quickly, don't be late, otherwise we won't meet, get down come on quickly, don't be late, otherwise we won't meet, get down come on quickly, don't be late, otherwise we won't meet, get down come on Babu oh Babu, get up Babu oh Babu, get up Babu oh Babu, get up brother, look brother, look brother, look Bua, where do you get so many Baniyas, Baniyas, these Bua, where do you get so many Baniyas, Baniyas, these Bua, where do you get so many Baniyas, Baniyas, these people are killing the goods, Maai, I am Mehraru Baa, people are killing the goods, Maai, I am Mehraru Baa, people are killing the goods, Maai, I am Mehraru Baa, in the beauty parlor, in the beauty parlor, in the beauty parlor, good, seeing the same beauty in the beauty parlor, I get bitten, good, seeing the same beauty in the beauty parlor, I get bitten, good, seeing the same beauty in the beauty parlor, I get bitten, yes, don't get bitten too much, it will cause yes, don't get bitten too much, it will cause yes, don't get bitten too much, it will cause wounds [screaming voice] do the wounds [screaming voice] do the wounds [screaming voice] do the work, you have applied it inside, now I ca work, you have applied it inside, now I ca work, you have applied it inside, now I ca n't bear it, come on come on, why are you doing it again, I am getting hot, why are you doing it again, I am getting hot, why are you doing it again, I am getting hot, come on, inside, holy look at me, Babua, look at me, Babua, look at me, Babua, look at me, both of us are Papa's, in our own room