Hey Babu Vinod, if you don't behave with your body, I will be ruined,
who will give birth to children and take tension,
who will look at the wife?
Hey, who is this,
extinguish my wind, the wind of the peacock,
hey, put on your glasses and look,
yes, hey, turn me around, turn me around [screaming voice]
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god
[laughter] Oh my god, I will
break my heart, oh my god, because of this
peacock, daughter, I will
break my hand after studying because of this bastard,
oh my god, bastard.
Hey, please pick me up.
Saala mouth me muddam saala baithavela
kohla.
Hey [screaming voice]
Oh my God, I'm lying here.
[music] The
bastard is in the market for every fortune.
Hey Vinod, don't pay for the milk, hey
man, how much will you take?
800. Well,
one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Brother,
[Music] Stop giving me milk, I don't have the
heart to pay.
Hey Vinod, I don't have the heart to pay. Hey Vinod, I am my mother. Stop giving me milk, I drank
all the milk. I have no shame,
no shame. I give you buffalo
milk, do
n't kill me like this, others have understood.
Okay, send the milk,
okay.
Tomatoes ₹50 per kg, brother ₹200 per kg,
brother,
yes,
onions, how are you talking?
₹80. Why are you saying this,
brother? These are bad
times, bad things are sold at the market,
give me half a kilo,
yes, okay.
How is the price of brinjal,
lamka,
how is the price of brinjal, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka, lamka,
sit and eat [Laughter]
Give me half a kilo from the lamka
ok
100 grams more is
enough
one rupee one and 70 rupees
[Music] we have
enough vegetables and vegetables, go and
bring some home hey bastard you are asking for some water what is
this game
sit quietly
Deepika
yes
come on Koya play the groom's game what kind of
game is this wait tell me wait
see if I earn money then you do
n't give me food when you don't give me food
I curse you a lot then pick up the broom and sweep and
beat me like you beat my parents
okay
Deepika understood
yes I understood see now I am the groom you are
Koya now the election has started
okay come
hey Khachri bring some food I am very hungry
ask your mother to eat hey sister [ __ ] eat whatever
food your mother asks for why are you getting
married you don't give me food I am sorry bastard I have so much
you get up quietly and
go and get the food ok you eat the food you
said I will bring some hot food wait you eat the food
hey Father oh oh father oh brother oh father
oh [screaming sound] brother go
oh [laughter] oh
father, leave it, leave it, I am not father,
father, what about the art,
hey, bring it, my darling,
father, if you open it, you will take my pudding, I have earned a lot, my ass will be torn, and you beat me as per your wish,
hey Deepakwa, why are you beating my son, son, why are you beating me, you bastard, you are
not fond of getting beaten, father, how do you play the groom's game, you have beaten me, you bastard, you have done
something wrong,
father, you have learnt to knock on shoes all day,
you bastard,
I am not Babu, oh Babu, after spending the whole day
drinking sweets, you do wrong things outside,
you see, I am
dead,
father, I am, but if it turns out to be useless, then what about me, tear my leg, tear my
leg,
Babu, take
Malpur Kaswa
Hey Damrava, I have bar, if there is a
forest behind, then clear it,
okay, bar behind,
come, yes, come, the
owner of the vegetable market, if you give me money, then the
milkman will give me money, milk what will you do
now it doesn't give milk
means the buffalo should stop giving milk ok wash your
hands and bring it ok let me turn on the kalwa oh my
god today the sun rises from the west and the
day starts with two sons today he is the great god
serving you and making
fun of you we are alone you are the only one of the village
people
[sangeet] you are ok
come and sit quickly let me cut the food [
sangeet]
to Sonia's father we are not poor father our parents have
failed in one or two years damarva
oh damarva has come
papa oh whatever papa call me take the
big kachri for 50
rupees oh let me tell you papa papa everything is over take a big kachri for 50 rupees bastard so give
me a son here
papa I am alone
father of 200 rupees give me a biscuit or eat run away from
here you give it to me bastard you have
no brain you understand why not what a
class for ₹ bastard
ok leave it hot Eating hot food [music]
Whoever eats
Wow, make delicious vegetables today And
prepare goat's lehri this day Don't forget
everything I will take a bath and eat on the pan
Sisterfucker, black in the dal The wife
wants to taunt
me No problem, before the goat is slaughtered, God bless you
If the grandmother serves me
later If I don't say anything, hey, if you become
mad, then the husband will become God, this is not
good
[music] So what is right with me today
Hey,
what,
I will take you to the market and make you do the shopping I will buy
makeup items, go to the beauty parlor and
buy a saree
[music] Oh my
god, now I understand that you asked for so much
service and hospitality Later, I will
fight for a miracle, I will fill my ass with you, you do the
shopping [laughter] Hey, if you
offer it to me, explain it to me lovingly If you don't understand,
shut up
Take me to the market, I will get you murdered, I am ready in the morning,
I am ready if not then you understand
Soni Ram Ram Mata You got down so quickly and did the
work
[Screaming] Oh my god, are you
ready? Come on, hurry up.
Yes, get ready. Come on,
where are you going to take your wife?
Oh Babu, take your wife to the market and do some
shopping. I will take care of her. What are
you going to do with us?
Son, listen Vinod, if you do
n't take me to the market today, I will take sulphas
tablets and die.
Okay, you go and enjoy all your affinity. Later,
when I tear your ass apart, I will quench your thirst.
Come on,
Papa, I will take you to the market. After I get my hair cut, my
husband.
Okay, you go, I will eat and take birth.
Sit in the front, brother,
Papa, where am I sitting?
You sit on my head. Sit, sit, sit,
right, sit on that.
Anyway, where are you going to sit on my head?
Oh, is this a market? This is
not a market. This is the jungles of Africa. Have you
forgotten about yesterday? [Music]
Papa, give me a bike or ball, we will play together.
Bastard, you should keep quiet, otherwise I will throw you from above
[Music] I
see very low quality stuff,
yes, I understand that you like it more
Sit down,
oh brother, show me the saree, she said, Bhaji, I showed you a tight saree,
Banarasi, Banarasi silk one, cotton one, show me tightly, the
saree is not matching with the father's,
what is the matter, oh brother, show me the lady, sarees of four or five rupees are
going on,
yes, yes, why not,
why, I am dying after tearing the bedsheet of your ass,
show me the one of ₹00, it is
of the sir [Laughter]
Saree for 50, give me the ganji kaftan for 50,
yes, give me, I will give you,
okay,
look, Banarasi saree is
new design, make, now the goods are new, model, same, I am
branded, [Music] It is a
very nice silk saree, oh brother,
I liked it, can
you buy something, yes, take
any saree, I will take it, wear it,
you will take a cotton saree,
okay, I have taken a cotton saree, if you will wear it and take a
dog, then what will you
take, if you want a
job, then take it, otherwise die by eating sulphas tablets
[screaming voice] I will
not die but I will die by taking sulphas tablets
O brother, I have given you the saree from my aunt, what will you give me,
why are you in such a mood, I mean my
wife, when she sees the saree, she says ton ton, it's my
turn, after getting married, there are
two or four wives,
you should not add fuel to the fire, did you understand,
[screaming voice] then talk in the shop,
okay, fine, I will throw both of you in the fire,
1000 rupees,
yes [music] you are bastards, you are ruining our
earnings, you people
sir, there are two men, 12,
leave me,
yes, no, give me, Sanjay, take the branded one, leave me,
wait, from
where will the munshi give the money, it is
best to give it after a year, after spending it,
people, you have wasted the money, woman
come on foot to the market,
buy the saree and make up, oh my god, baba,
now what should I do, I am
helpless, I have to turn the tap from the
shop,
no, I will not take it, barka in the shop, oh my god,
barka Shall we go to the shop and
buy big stuff?
Yes [Music]
Come on, this is a big shop,
this is a big shop.
Yes, let's
go, okay. [
Music] She said, what do you want? Yes, give me the red lipstick, give me the earrings, give me the nose ring, I have displayed it in the shop, okay. [Music] That's
enough,
take the makeup kit. [Music]
Which company's is it? I am a fool, I have
failed in Matriculation. I know everything about Lakme. I
want to tell you first,
but bring it.
Yes, okay, I have been saying this for a long time.
Yes, my throat.
Mother, will you take
something?
Yes, then take it. Take the respect.
Oh mother, why would you take it? Take the full one.
Vinod, you satisfy your thirst, take the respect.
I will keep it. Otherwise, I will die by taking sulpha tablets, oh my god,
I will die after a year, oh my god,
brother.
Yes, brother, you are
asking for it.
Aunty, give me the money for the Jai Mala necklace. Yes, give me the
money for the Jai Mala necklace. I will get torn apart. Yes, my ass will get torn apart. Oh my
god, take it. Do one thing, put the
whole thing on the truck in the shop. Take me away,
yes, if you have mercy, I will carry you away,
father, father, I am a fool, oh
brother, quickly take me away in a sack,
you bastard [laughs],
wait, wait, look, I have got my makeup done at the beauty parlor,
now get it done,
fix it,
mother, where are you going, I have got my lips done, I am getting
old, if my eyes get damaged, I will
die four or five times, if
I get my makeup done, I will die by taking sulphas tablets,
father, father, I have been using sulphas all day, whatever you want,
father, father, I am an old woman, if I
die of sulphas, then why should I die, you
pull my leg, I am the daughter of Lalpur, tear my tongue
[screaming voice], there is an
arena in the middle of the market, I will get my nose cut, give me the
money,
why are you troubling me, I can even run a beauty parlor, come, come
inside, sit [music]
where are you coming? Men are not allowed in this.
Men are not allowed.
No, are
we animals that we are chasing them?
Come on, run away from here. [Music]
Where will you take him to? Ma'am,
what all do you want to get done? I did SL, applied
powder on the facial, applied it
and made my face glow completely like a beard,
okay, I will make you natural,
yes, okay, okay, what do
you want to get done, whatever your
lover says, okay, tell me
after becoming a natural beauty,
yes,
okay, make me a natural beauty, yes, yes,
Bhabhi, make me a beard
today and send me to Bengal,
Papa will sit here and get my hair
shaved, beat me, you bastard, say for a week
[screaming voice] I
mean, I will not get it done with love, you bastard, shut up, shut up
[music] I
swear
oh brother, cut my hair into a bowl, cut it in half, or
completely, or cut it completely, yes, cut it completely, you do
n't have to get it shaved for a month or two,
okay, that's it
[music] take it
brother, get it shaved, yes take it
[music] you
double faced father, get your hair shaved,
okay, son, okay,
I am sending you to the beauty parlor, get it shaved,
bastard,
come on, stop talking so much, oh
brother How much money will you pay? If you
talk so boastfully, you will ruin a lot of things
How much time will it take? It may be three to four hours, but the
beautician is not there yet. Should I go today?
Leave quickly.
[Music] Do
one thing, my mother
is inside, call her.
Vinod, are you not happy?
Hey, you are Munni, hey,
which one? My Asian glasses are
bad, are you happy?
Now I need glasses of what power, get them
made quickly.
Chalo beauty parlor baaki machine ba ho andar
jaata to sup bahar niklo re kha. How much money do you have
?
2000
Now please do one thing
quickly. Hum mano gadbat
come quickly. Maa you are a complete Hema Malini, why don't you be
quiet, you double faced person, why are you casting such a
glance at me, I am our own, why come on come on come on come on
quickly [Music] Seth, get me hit
with your pants, so much,
okay okay
[Music] I like it so much, yes yes, I liked it so much that my underwear gets torn, get down come on
quickly, don't be late, otherwise we won't meet, get down come on
Babu oh Babu, get up
brother, look
Bua, where do you get so many Baniyas, Baniyas, these
people are killing the goods, Maai, I am Mehraru Baa,
in the beauty parlor,
good, seeing the same beauty in the beauty parlor, I get bitten,
yes, don't get bitten too much, it will cause
wounds [screaming voice] do the
work, you have applied it inside, now I ca
n't bear it, come on come on,
why are you doing it again, I am getting hot,
come on, inside, holy
look at me, Babua,
look at me, both of us are Papa's, in our own room
