It's just like a doll. Like it's [music]
so pretty. What do you guys think?
Like always, I'm excited to do makeup
today. Welcome to day 20 of 31 makeup
looks this month. Almost done. This is
the inspiration for today's makeup look.
I think this look is so pretty. I love
the overall vibe. The rhinestones, this
is to die [music] for. And I just need
to see it on my face. Popped in a pair
of gray contact lenses. La Roche Posay
Cicaplast spray to tone the skin. A Beeb
dark spot serum. [music] Kiehl's creamy
eye treatment for my under eye. Kiehl's
ultra facial cream to lock in moisture.
Kiehl's [music] better screen sunscreen
to protect the skin. For the lips, going
in with the ColourPop fresh kiss [music]
vanilla cake lip mask. Going to let this
all chill in the skin for about 5
minutes. Milani's clean start prep step
to prime the skin. NYX plump right back
primer all over the skin. Milani conceal
and perfect in natural sand on any dark
spot to color correct. Alicia's satin
wear healthy green cushion in 35 in
toffee to even out my skin tone. To
contour, going in with the Morphe
[music] cheek thrill in Malibu Villa.
Elf camo concealer in tan sand as well
as a random lighter concealer in 101 to
highlight, lift, and brighten the center
of the face. Morphe cheek thrills in
pool side spritz [music] on my cheeks,
nose, and chin. Morphe bake and set in
rich harmony to set all over the face.
Back into the Morphe Malibu Villa to set
all of the cream contour on the face and
nose. Morphe cloud like blush in twist
over top of everywhere I put that cream
blush. Then going back in with pool side
spritz just to add a little more
orangey-ness. FlowerKnows little angel
highlighter in paradise blossom on all
the high points of my face. [music] Back
in with more infallible setting spray to
set all the powder products. Alicia's
sharper defining eyebrow pencil in craft
brown to fill in my brows to make them
look a little fuller. L'Oreal brow
pomade in dark brunette to emphasize the
tails of my brows. ColourPop [music]
brushes metals palette for the eyes.
Take the shade invest in me all over my
lid. A mix of your salad and lucky one
to smoke out my lower lash line. The
shade too much to highlight my lower
lash line and a bit on my lid. Get your
coin to add a little glitter. The shade
polish is to highlight the inner corner
a little more. Flower Knows liquid liner
in tea brown to do a wing and emphasize
my lower lash line. [music] Unleash the
pretty easy glitter stick in the shade
sheer skin to highlight my waterline.
Lash curler to curl my lashes. L'Oreal's
panorama in black to coat my upper
lashes. Flower Knows [music]
mascara to coat my lower lashes. From
Daisy going in with cocoa camel to stain
the lips. Then add nude cinnamon also by
Daisy to just [music] add a little more
emphasis. So I'm going to go in and add
some rhinestones to the face. I can't
think of anything else I want to add so
I will change and I'll be right back.
What if I lay down and I play dead and I
stay dead?
Baby you'll get
sick of being
the monster out of my head, under my
bed.
Thinking something
out of
my nightmares.
Turn it
around.
