Suddenly, my mother came home and Suddenly, my mother came home and Suddenly, my mother came home and said that the little one was still not feeling well. When my mother said that the little one was still not feeling well. When my mother said that the little one was still not feeling well. When my mother arrived, all of us had gone to work in the field arrived, all of us had gone to work in the field arrived, all of us had gone to work in the field .  Since my mother doesn't .  Since my mother doesn't .  Since my mother doesn't eat non-veg on Sunday, I wanted to have something else. I didn't have eat non-veg on Sunday, I wanted to have something else. I didn't have eat non-veg on Sunday, I wanted to have something else. I didn't have anything else at home, so I thought I'd make something with some bread anything else at home, so I thought I'd make something with some bread anything else at home, so I thought I'd make something with some bread crumbs. I didn't have crumbs. I didn't have crumbs. I didn't have time to watch it on YouTube, so I simply time to watch it on YouTube, so I simply made a double comet that came to me.  My mother would eat a little bit of food. I would made a double comet that came to me.  My mother would eat a little bit of food. I would pack some for all of us and stay overnight. I won't be leaving tomorrow morning. I don't know. There are still a few pack some for all of us and stay overnight. I won't be leaving tomorrow morning. I don't know. There are still a few days left. I days left. I days left. I can't stay at anyone's house for the night. But somehow the evening has already can't stay at anyone's house for the night. But somehow the evening has already passed. I said, "I'll cook while I'm here or the kids will make a fuss over you later." No one else understood me like a mother understands her children. I don't like to tell anyone to do anything, but even if my mother says no, she won't go.  And when all the passed. I said, "I'll cook while I'm here or the kids will make a fuss over you later." No one else understood me like a mother understands her children. I don't like to tell anyone to do anything, but even if my mother says no, she won't go.  And when all the passed. I said, "I'll cook while I'm here or the kids will make a fuss over you later." No one else understood me like a mother understands her children. I don't like to tell anyone to do anything, but even if my mother says no, she won't go.  And when all the work is done, Mom work is done, Mom work is done, Mom goes home.