If you're having problems with your powder dip nails or you want to take your application to the next level then keep watching as everything you need to know will be revealed in this video right here. Hey guys Cheryl here from OPI NZ and in this video I'm going to show you everything you need to know about the OPI powder perfection. I've had a lot of requests for a video like this because the dipping powder systems aren't the most forgiving nail system on the market. So if you're having trouble with any dipping powder system stay tuned I'm going to show you some tips and tricks for a smooth and trouble-free application. So I've had to play with many of the different dipping powder systems on the market and obviously I'm an OPI girl so with powder perfection is my go-to but the issues are similar across the systems. So once you know how to avoid some of the challenges then you can offer a service that provides colour and strength in one step. We'll start by pushing back the cuticles with our pusher plus and we'll follow with the dexterity for extra cuticle detailing making sure there is no cuticle left on the nail plate. I wouldn't be without this tool it's essential for perfect cuticles every time. Next we'll move on to the length and shape. I use the OPI edge 240 file as it's kind on natural nails and it feels comfortable for the client too. I'll also use this file to detail around the cuticles and the sidewalls when buffing the nail plate followed by the flex 220 for the bulk of the natural nail plate. After buffing you're going to cleanse the nails thoroughly with NAS 99 and a lint free nail wipe to remove any dust and oils. To finish our prep routine we'll apply Bondade to all nails making sure to use one coat only which will give you the maximum adhesion. This product acts like sticky tape attracting the base coat to the nail plate for the longest lasting nails. I love watching it evaporate. You can also use Bondade when applying any OPI system for longer lasting nails. Now you're all prepped and ready to go make sure you or the client don't touch the surface and let's take a look at the powder perfection application. Make sure that you apply your base coat nice and thin and always do your first coat just shy of the cuticle which just don't want to go so close. It's good to stagger the layers to get a nice taper of the cuticle. It makes for a much more natural finish rather than a chunky nail that looks really false. Next up you're going to dip the nail into the color powder at a 45 degree angle. This angle helps get a smoother finish as you're less likely to smudge the base which can cause product to bunch up on the nail. Another issue you can run into with the base is if you apply it too thin especially at the cuticle as it dries so fast when you dip the nail you may have patches missing. You can patch it up but it's never as good as a perfect first dip so apply that first coat to five nails on one hand. It's going to be base dip, base dip, base dip, base dip, base dip. I get asked all the time can I do base times five dip them all at once just doesn't work the base dries far too quick. Once all five are dipped you're going to dust off any excess powder. If you miss this step it could lead to hardening of your base coat brush when you go in and do your second coat next. Stay on the same hand and apply your base coat this time close to the cuticle and dip into the color powder again. Repeat on all five nails and remember to dust when you finish. For the final time on this hand we're going to use our base coat yet again getting as close to the cuticle as possible but this time you're going to dip each nail in turn as we've previously done but you're going to dip it into the clear set powder. This clear set powder is finer than the colors in the range. This allows it to fall into all the little gaps and make a really nice smooth finish plus when we come to our filing step we're not going to be losing any of that precious color and of course dust off to finish. Before we move on to the other hand we're going to apply the activator onto all five nails. Very little can go wrong with this step just make sure the nail is covered. Repeat all those steps on the other hand as far as the activator then come back to the first hand again. Now it's time to smooth the nails and make them feel nice. I recommend you start with an OPI Edge 180 file. This is great for all the side walls and the cuticle area and also taking any bumps out from the surface of the nail. Next I recommend you use the OPI Flex 100 180 buffer. Then finish the smoothing of the nail with the OPI Flex 220 280 buffer. Brush off any excess dust and apply another coat of activator to all five nails. Then you can go back to the other hand to buff and apply activator. Using these files in conjunction with each other is an efficient way to get a really smooth surface which is going to help with achieving a shiny finish. Now this is where we can run into some issues again. If your activator isn't dry enough and I suggest three to four minutes personally then when you apply your top coat your brush could become stiff. So this is what you need to do to prevent your brush from hardening. Wipe over the nails with a dry nail wipe before you brush on your top coat and when you do use minimal strokes and float your brush. I also like to wipe the top coat brush between nails just on a dry nail wipe just to make sure that no activator is going back into that top coat bottle. You're now going to apply a second coat of top coat and this time you can be more precise but avoid overworking the top coat as this can lead to cloudiness. Now this is something else to bear in mind. When you previously buff the nails it takes three to four minutes easily so when you get to your top coat stage on the first hand you're pretty safe. However when you apply the top coats that step is faster so just bear in mind that enough time has passed before applying the top coat on the second hand otherwise you could run into some brush hardening issues here if you apply too early. The nails should be looking finished and shiny now so just wait five minutes or so before applying pros bar cuticle oil to finish. I really hope you enjoyed this video I had a lot of fun making it and it would really mean a lot to me if you've liked and subscribed which helps me to make more of these videos for you. Please let me know in the comments section below if you have any other problems with dipping powder and I'll do my best to help you out. Also don't miss my follow-on dipping powder video where I go deep with explaining the safest soak off method plus expert tips and explanations to help when things aren't quite going how you'd hoped. And please follow me over on Instagram to keep up to date with the latest OPI info. Details are on the screen now. Thanks for watching I'm Cheryl from OPI NZ and I look forward to see you next time.