This hijab is really bright, Honey.  There, I This hijab is really bright, Honey.  There, I This hijab is really bright, Honey.  There, I took the same length, yeah. took the same length, yeah. took the same length, yeah. We shape the hijab. We shape the hijab. We shape the hijab. There, There, There, this is the latest hijab from Mayor Style. this is the latest hijab from Mayor Style. this is the latest hijab from Mayor Style. The ingredients are also very different, Honey.  But The ingredients are also very different, Honey.  But The ingredients are also very different, Honey.  But still, premium quality.  Then still, premium quality.  Then still, premium quality.  Then I immediately put pentel, yes.  Put a safety pin. I immediately put pentel, yes.  Put a safety pin. I immediately put pentel, yes.  Put a safety pin. The way to write it is like this, Say. The way to write it is like this, Say. The way to write it is like this, Say. First we put the left and First we put the left and First we put the left and right sides together.  Then we stick the safety pin in right sides together.  Then we stick the safety pin in right sides together.  Then we stick the safety pin in until it goes through.  Then fold it like until it goes through.  Then fold it like until it goes through.  Then fold it like this.  Then we stab the orange this.  Then we stab the orange this.  Then we stab the orange twice again.  That's more or less twice again.  That's more or less twice again.  That's more or less like that, yeah.  Pull it up like like that, yeah.  Pull it up like like that, yeah.  Pull it up like this, Guys.  One was taken to the this, Guys.  One was taken to the this, Guys.  One was taken to the back.  I folded the other one like back.  I folded the other one like back.  I folded the other one like this. Then put a safety pin on Then put a safety pin on Then put a safety pin on the back and put it down and tidy it up the back and put it down and tidy it up the back and put it down and tidy it up .