Cetaphil's viral products, worth buying Cetaphil's viral products, worth buying Cetaphil's viral products, worth buying or worth skipping? And if you're new or worth skipping? And if you're new or worth skipping? And if you're new here, I transform my skin from this to here, I transform my skin from this to here, I transform my skin from this to this just by understanding the science this just by understanding the science this just by understanding the science behind ingredients. That's why I review behind ingredients. That's why I review behind ingredients. That's why I review skin care based on ingredients and not skin care based on ingredients and not skin care based on ingredients and not hype. At number one, we have Cetaphil's hype. At number one, we have Cetaphil's hype. At number one, we have Cetaphil's gentle skin cleanser. You're not going gentle skin cleanser. You're not going gentle skin cleanser. You're not going to like it, but skip this if you're to like it, but skip this if you're to like it, but skip this if you're someone who has oily skin. I know this someone who has oily skin. I know this someone who has oily skin. I know this is gentle on skin, but for oily skin is gentle on skin, but for oily skin is gentle on skin, but for oily skin type, you might feel it hasn't removed type, you might feel it hasn't removed type, you might feel it hasn't removed enough oil or your heavy sunscreen. But enough oil or your heavy sunscreen. But enough oil or your heavy sunscreen. But you can buy this if you're someone who you can buy this if you're someone who you can buy this if you're someone who has dry, damaged skin barrier and has dry, damaged skin barrier and has dry, damaged skin barrier and sensitive skin. And also if you're sensitive skin. And also if you're sensitive skin. And also if you're someone who's already using retinoids. someone who's already using retinoids. someone who's already using retinoids. At number two, we have Cetaphil's At number two, we have Cetaphil's At number two, we have Cetaphil's moisturizing cream. Again, skip it if moisturizing cream. Again, skip it if moisturizing cream. Again, skip it if you're someone who has oily to you're someone who has oily to you're someone who has oily to combination skin. The formulation is combination skin. The formulation is combination skin. The formulation is very rich and occlusive in nature, for very rich and occlusive in nature, for very rich and occlusive in nature, for which it literally feels heavy and which it literally feels heavy and which it literally feels heavy and greasy on my skin, especially on humid greasy on my skin, especially on humid greasy on my skin, especially on humid weather. But worth buying it if you're weather. But worth buying it if you're weather. But worth buying it if you're someone who has dry, damaged and someone who has dry, damaged and someone who has dry, damaged and sensitive skin barrier. For such skin sensitive skin barrier. For such skin sensitive skin barrier. For such skin types, this deeply moisturizes the skin. types, this deeply moisturizes the skin. types, this deeply moisturizes the skin. At number three, we have Cetaphil oily At number three, we have Cetaphil oily At number three, we have Cetaphil oily skin cleanser. [music] Skip it if you're skin cleanser. [music] Skip it if you're skin cleanser. [music] Skip it if you're someone whose skin is dry, sensitive and someone whose skin is dry, sensitive and someone whose skin is dry, sensitive and gets irritated easily. Because when used gets irritated easily. Because when used gets irritated easily. Because when used on dry skin, this does give us a feeling on dry skin, this does give us a feeling on dry skin, this does give us a feeling of slight tightness. But worth buying of slight tightness. But worth buying of slight tightness. But worth buying this if you're someone who has oily, this if you're someone who has oily, this if you're someone who has oily, acne-prone and combination [music] skin. acne-prone and combination [music] skin. acne-prone and combination [music] skin. At number four, we have Cetaphil's viral At number four, we have Cetaphil's viral At number four, we have Cetaphil's viral brightening serum. Now, skip [music] brightening serum. Now, skip [music] brightening serum. Now, skip [music] this if you have stubborn pigmentation this if you have stubborn pigmentation this if you have stubborn pigmentation because this is not going to show any because this is not going to show any because this is not going to show any dramatic or fast result. Fact, if your dramatic or fast result. Fact, if your dramatic or fast result. Fact, if your pigmentation is more persistent, pigmentation is more persistent, pigmentation is more persistent, stronger ingredients like tranexamic stronger ingredients like tranexamic stronger ingredients like tranexamic acid and azelaic acid may show you acid and azelaic acid may show you acid and azelaic acid may show you better results. But again, this is worth better results. But again, this is worth better results. But again, this is worth buying only if you're someone who's buying only if you're someone who's buying only if you're someone who's looking for gradual and gentle looking for gradual and gentle looking for gradual and gentle brightening. And lastly, at number five, brightening. And lastly, at number five, brightening. And lastly, at number five, we have Cetaphil Sun SPF 50 light gel we have Cetaphil Sun SPF 50 light gel we have Cetaphil Sun SPF 50 light gel very high protection sunscreen. [music] very high protection sunscreen. [music] very high protection sunscreen. [music] Now, I personally skip this sunscreen Now, I personally skip this sunscreen Now, I personally skip this sunscreen because it pills under the layer of because it pills under the layer of because it pills under the layer of makeup. And though it's lightweight as makeup. And though it's lightweight as makeup. And though it's lightweight as compared to many other sunscreen, this compared to many other sunscreen, this compared to many other sunscreen, this does leave a slight greasy finish on my does leave a slight greasy finish on my does leave a slight greasy finish on my oily to combination skin and also leaves oily to combination skin and also leaves oily to combination skin and also leaves a white cast. Especially in hot and a white cast. Especially in hot and a white cast. Especially in hot and humid weather, it's too difficult for me humid weather, it's too difficult for me humid weather, it's too difficult for me to apply. But I believe you can buy it to apply. But I believe you can buy it to apply. But I believe you can buy it if you're someone with excessive dry and if you're someone with excessive dry and if you're someone with excessive dry and sensitive skin sensitive skin sensitive skin >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> and you are comfortable with the greasy >> and you are comfortable with the greasy >> and you are comfortable with the greasy finish of this sunscreen. Now, to my finish of this sunscreen. Now, to my finish of this sunscreen. Now, to my dear comments, they can hear my video by dear comments, they can hear my video by dear comments, they can hear my video by now. So but I know which brand should