Cetaphil's viral products, worth buying
or worth skipping? And if you're new
here, I transform my skin from this to
this just by understanding the science
behind ingredients. That's why I review
skin care based on ingredients and not
hype. At number one, we have Cetaphil's
gentle skin cleanser. You're not going
to like it, but skip this if you're
someone who has oily skin. I know this
is gentle on skin, but for oily skin
type, you might feel it hasn't removed
enough oil or your heavy sunscreen. But
you can buy this if you're someone who
has dry, damaged skin barrier and
sensitive skin. And also if you're
someone who's already using retinoids.
At number two, we have Cetaphil's
moisturizing cream. Again, skip it if
you're someone who has oily to
combination skin. The formulation is
very rich and occlusive in nature, for
which it literally feels heavy and
greasy on my skin, especially on humid
weather. But worth buying it if you're
someone who has dry, damaged and
sensitive skin barrier. For such skin
types, this deeply moisturizes the skin.
At number three, we have Cetaphil oily
skin cleanser. [music] Skip it if you're
someone whose skin is dry, sensitive and
gets irritated easily. Because when used
on dry skin, this does give us a feeling
of slight tightness. But worth buying
this if you're someone who has oily,
acne-prone and combination [music] skin.
At number four, we have Cetaphil's viral
brightening serum. Now, skip [music]
this if you have stubborn pigmentation
because this is not going to show any
dramatic or fast result. Fact, if your
pigmentation is more persistent,
stronger ingredients like tranexamic
acid and azelaic acid may show you
better results. But again, this is worth
buying only if you're someone who's
looking for gradual and gentle
brightening. And lastly, at number five,
we have Cetaphil Sun SPF 50 light gel
very high protection sunscreen. [music]
Now, I personally skip this sunscreen
because it pills under the layer of
makeup. And though it's lightweight as
compared to many other sunscreen, this
does leave a slight greasy finish on my
oily to combination skin and also leaves
a white cast. Especially in hot and
humid weather, it's too difficult for me
to apply. But I believe you can buy it
if you're someone with excessive dry and
sensitive skin
and you are comfortable with the greasy
finish of this sunscreen. Now, to my
dear comments, they can hear my video by
now. So but I know which brand should
