Guys, finally we have met Samay Bhai Guys, finally we have met Samay Bhai Guys, finally we have met Samay Bhai before the show.  Just don't let anything go wrong today.  May everything be before the show.  Just don't let anything go wrong today.  May everything be before the show.  Just don't let anything go wrong today.  May everything be good. good. good. Yes, it depends on you what Yes, it depends on you what Yes, it depends on you what questions you ask. questions you ask. questions you ask. Guys, the first show is over. Guys, the first show is over. Guys, the first show is over. And this is our Harsh Bhai.  This is Rajat Bhai and And this is our Harsh Bhai.  This is Rajat Bhai and And this is our Harsh Bhai.  This is Rajat Bhai and it's your boy Badshah. it's your boy Badshah. it's your boy Badshah. Shout out to Piyush.  Piyush should go. Shout out to Piyush.  Piyush should go. Shout out to Piyush.  Piyush should go. Hey guys good morning.  Welcome to my new Hey guys good morning.  Welcome to my new Hey guys good morning.  Welcome to my new vlog.  So brother, I am making today's vlog vlog.  So brother, I am making today's vlog vlog.  So brother, I am making today's vlog but it will be posted after one or one and a half months.  Because but it will be posted after one or one and a half months.  Because but it will be posted after one or one and a half months.  Because we are going to India's got latent seas too. we are going to India's got latent seas too. we are going to India's got latent seas too. Brother, finally we got a call Brother, finally we got a call Brother, finally we got a call that brother season 2 is coming. that brother season 2 is coming. that brother season 2 is coming. Alia Bhatt in the first episode, she in the second episode and Alia Bhatt in the first episode, she in the second episode and Alia Bhatt in the first episode, she in the second episode and you in the third episode.  I said okay you in the third episode.  I said okay you in the third episode.  I said okay brother let's go, it will be a different experience. brother let's go, it will be a different experience. brother let's go, it will be a different experience. But now I am scared about But now I am scared about But now I am scared about what will happen there?  There will be full roasting.  It will be a complete joke. what will happen there?  There will be full roasting.  It will be a complete joke. what will happen there?  There will be full roasting.  It will be a complete joke. And I do And I do And I do n't know how to say much, friend. n't know how to say much, friend. n't know how to say much, friend. How will I speak especially while sitting on a panel on stage?  I am How will I speak especially while sitting on a panel on stage?  I am How will I speak especially while sitting on a panel on stage?  I am thinking this.  I am feeling very anxious, thinking this.  I am feeling very anxious, thinking this.  I am feeling very anxious, very much, but whatever happens will be a different very much, but whatever happens will be a different very much, but whatever happens will be a different experience, I will show it to you all. I am experience, I will show it to you all. I am not a complete professional comedian that I will go there and do comedy and not a complete professional comedian that I will go there and do comedy and not a complete professional comedian that I will go there and do comedy and I don't use abusive language, in fact I don't use abusive language, in fact I don't use abusive language, in fact I don't use abusive language at all. No I don't use abusive language at all. No I don't use abusive language at all. No one would have ever heard any abusive language from my mouth, one would have ever heard any abusive language from my mouth, one would have ever heard any abusive language from my mouth, but still, if brother has called me, he must have but still, if brother has called me, he must have but still, if brother has called me, he must have called me after thinking carefully, to roast me, to called me after thinking carefully, to roast me, to called me after thinking carefully, to roast me, to crack jokes on me. By the crack jokes on me. By the crack jokes on me. By the way, can you guess what jokes he would have cracked, way, can you guess what jokes he would have cracked, way, can you guess what jokes he would have cracked, most of the memes are made.  They are most of the memes are made.  They are most of the memes are made.  They are made for marriage.  Regarding the wife, made for marriage.  Regarding the wife, made for marriage.  Regarding the wife, just the same decoration just the same decoration just the same decoration and all these things.  Well, there are and all these things.  Well, there are and all these things.  Well, there are not many wrong things on which you can make jokes but it will be not many wrong things on which you can make jokes but it will be not many wrong things on which you can make jokes but it will be fun.  I am very excited fun.  I am very excited fun.  I am very excited because this is the first time I am going to such a show. because this is the first time I am going to such a show. because this is the first time I am going to such a show. And in such a popular show And in such a popular show And in such a popular show like India's Got Talent, I am getting like India's Got Talent, I am getting like India's Got Talent, I am getting nervous.  I am also getting excited. nervous.  I am also getting excited. nervous.  I am also getting excited. Unable to understand.  I am having a lot of mixed Unable to understand.  I am having a lot of mixed Unable to understand.  I am having a lot of mixed feelings.  I can't even express it feelings.  I can't even express it feelings.  I can't even express it because where did I start from because where did I start from because where did I start from and today I am going to such a big show.  I am getting a chance to and today I am going to such a big show.  I am getting a chance to and today I am going to such a big show.  I am getting a chance to go.  So let's go go.  So let's go go.  So let's go straight from here to the airport, then straight from here to the airport, then straight from here to the airport, then take a direct flight there and then the show will start. take a direct flight there and then the show will start. take a direct flight there and then the show will start. We will reach in the evening.  I have to go to Mumbai.  The We will reach in the evening.  I have to go to Mumbai.  The We will reach in the evening.  I have to go to Mumbai.  The show is there.  6- It is a seven hour shoot. show is there.  6- It is a seven hour shoot. show is there.  6- It is a seven hour shoot. So we will show you the complete one and you will get the back stage. So we will show you the complete one and you will get the back stage. So we will show you the complete one and you will get the back stage. And yes, today I am going to And yes, today I am going to And yes, today I am going to meet Badshah Bhai for the first time. meet Badshah Bhai for the first time. meet Badshah Bhai for the first time. And Harsh is brother.  You must know Harsh Bhai.  I And Harsh is brother.  You must know Harsh Bhai.  I And Harsh is brother.  You must know Harsh Bhai.  I just want to say one thing before I go. just want to say one thing before I go. just want to say one thing before I go. Something like this might come out of the mouth Something like this might come out of the mouth Something like this might come out of the mouth because there you never know what might because there you never know what might because there you never know what might come out of the mouth.  Anyway, I am come out of the mouth.  Anyway, I am come out of the mouth.  Anyway, I am not able to remain conscious much on stage.  I not able to remain conscious much on stage.  I not able to remain conscious much on stage.  I stay with blogs etc. and stay with blogs etc. and stay with blogs etc. and editing there is also not in my hands.  There's nothing. editing there is also not in my hands.  There's nothing. editing there is also not in my hands.  There's nothing. So please forgive me.  Sometimes something like this happens, doesn't it? So please forgive me.  Sometimes something like this happens, doesn't it? I tell you in advance because it becomes a I tell you in advance because it becomes a I tell you in advance because it becomes a mess after going there, friend.  So you understand mess after going there, friend.  So you understand mess after going there, friend.  So you understand how much stress is there in the mind.  But there is so much how much stress is there in the mind.  But there is so much how much stress is there in the mind.  But there is so much excitement too, friend. excitement too, friend. excitement too, friend. Come on brother, let's sit in the car.  Now let's go Come on brother, let's sit in the car.  Now let's go Come on brother, let's sit in the car.  Now let's go straight from here.  We have reached Mumbai airport but it is very hot reached Mumbai airport but it is very hot reached Mumbai airport but it is very hot brother, very hot, guys I am feeling brother, very hot, guys I am feeling brother, very hot, guys I am feeling scared now, I don't know what will happen slowly, scared now, I don't know what will happen slowly, scared now, I don't know what will happen slowly, how much roasting will happen, how much we will be made fun of, guys right now we are how much roasting will happen, how much we will be made fun of, guys right now we are waiting there, our boarding has waiting there, our boarding has waiting there, our boarding has not started, I have brought water, guess not started, I have brought water, guess not started, I have brought water, guess how much it will cost, how much it will cost, how much it will cost, ₹ no, it is not ₹ no, it is not ₹ no, it is not 50, it is 50, it is 50, it is not even ₹20, it is not even ₹20, it is not even ₹20, it is ₹1, yes yes guys, I am ₹1, yes yes guys, I am ₹1, yes yes guys, I am not paying ₹1 for the first time at the airport, no not paying ₹1 for the first time at the airport, no not paying ₹1 for the first time at the airport, no friend, no no, I friend, no no, I friend, no no, I brought it from there through the ranking machine. brought it from there through the ranking machine. brought it from there through the ranking machine. Somewhere I found out and brought the empty bottle out of the washroom. Somewhere I found out and brought the empty bottle out of the washroom. No, otherwise I am going in the plane now. No, otherwise I am going in the plane now. No, otherwise I am going in the plane now. Brother, we are the latest.  We are the latest to arrive as we are in business class. Brother, we are the latest.  We are the latest to arrive as we are in business class. We should have gone first.  Sitting in the front row.  I am going to get We should have gone first.  Sitting in the front row.  I am going to get We should have gone first.  Sitting in the front row.  I am going to get myself insulted.  I myself insulted.  I myself insulted.  I know what will happen when I go there.  They will make fun of it. know what will happen when I go there.  They will make fun of it. know what will happen when I go there.  They will make fun of it. Samay Bhai [music] will joke a lot Samay Bhai [music] will joke a lot Samay Bhai [music] will joke a lot on me.  But still on me.  But still on me.  But still I am going. I am going. I am going. So we will eat North Indian platter. If [music] you feel like and If [music] you feel like and If [music] you feel like and like, the guys have finally reached Bombay.  Now let's go finally reached Bombay.  Now let's go finally reached Bombay.  Now let's go straight to our hotel and then straight to our hotel and then straight to our hotel and then we will leave straight for the show.  Brother, I don't know what is going to happen today. we will leave straight for the show.  Brother, I don't know what is going to happen today. we will leave straight for the show.  Brother, I don't know what is going to happen today. How much roasting is going to happen. How much roasting is going to happen. How much roasting is going to happen. What a joke this is going to be. What a joke this is going to be. What a joke this is going to be. [music][sound of singing] [music][sound of singing] [music][sound of singing] So the guys have arrived at the hotel.  So we have just reached the So the guys have arrived at the hotel.  So we have just reached the So the guys have arrived at the hotel.  So we have just reached the hotel.  Waiting for check in.  And hotel.  Waiting for check in.  And hotel.  Waiting for check in.  And this is our room number here and look how this is our room number here and look how this is our room number here and look how cool it looks brother. cool it looks brother. cool it looks brother. This area looks the most beautiful.  Climb up like this. This area looks the most beautiful.  Climb up like this. Yes, there are stairs here to go up like this. Yes, there are stairs here to go up like this. Yes, there are stairs here to go up like this. Then to go up from here.  So Guys is checked Then to go up from here.  So Guys is checked Then to go up from here.  So Guys is checked in.  I have come to the room now. in.  I have come to the room now. in.  I have come to the room now. So let's take a room tour.  There is a bed here.  Chair So let's take a room tour.  There is a bed here.  Chair So let's take a room tour.  There is a bed here.  Chair table, editing table, TV. table, editing table, TV. table, editing table, TV. The room ends as it begins. The room ends as it begins. The room ends as it begins. Bus.  Guys have come to Bombay and did Bus.  Guys have come to Bombay and did Bus.  Guys have come to Bombay and did not meet Vineet Bhai.  could be possible.  So Vineet Bhai has not meet Vineet Bhai.  could be possible.  So Vineet Bhai has not meet Vineet Bhai.  could be possible.  So Vineet Bhai has come down.  It's great to meet him.   Have come down.  It's great to meet him.   Have come down.  It's great to meet him.   Have lunch with them. lunch with them. lunch with them. Finally, Saurabh has come to Mumbai, our city Finally, Saurabh has come to Mumbai, our city Finally, Saurabh has come to Mumbai, our city after so many months. after so many months. after so many months. Guess whose shoot I came to?   Are Guess whose shoot I came to?   Are Guess whose shoot I came to?   Are you doing my film?   I am you doing my film?   I am you doing my film?   I am not doing the film, friend.  Hey friend, don't not doing the film, friend.  Hey friend, don't not doing the film, friend.  Hey friend, don't talk about the movie right now.  Guys Vineet Bhai, you ca talk about the movie right now.  Guys Vineet Bhai, you ca talk about the movie right now.  Guys Vineet Bhai, you ca n't even guess whose shoot I have n't even guess whose shoot I have n't even guess whose shoot I have come for.  Can't even guess. come for.  Can't even guess. come for.  Can't even guess. Let me give you a hint. Let me give you a hint. Let me give you a hint. No, I will not give any hints. No, I will not give any hints. No, I will not give any hints. Yes, give me a little, just a little. Yes, give me a little, just a little. Yes, give me a little, just a little. Meaning something related to your watch. Meaning something related to your watch. Meaning something related to your watch. RX? RX? RX? What do you do during the watch?   Do What do you do during the watch?   Do What do you do during the watch?   Do you have a Rollx?   No. No.  Have you have a Rollx?   No. No.  Have you have a Rollx?   No. No.  Have you brought it after shooting from RX?   No. No. you brought it after shooting from RX?   No. No. No, watch means what do you do in the watch?   I No, watch means what do you do in the watch?   I No, watch means what do you do in the watch?   I look at the time.  How is your time going? look at the time.  How is your time going? look at the time.  How is your time going? No, yes, No, yes, No, yes, time, time, time, yes, time is going on, something like this. yes, time is going on, something like this. yes, time is going on, something like this. Time is running out. Time is running out. Time is running out. Hi Bansi how are you?   Are you Hi Bansi how are you?   Are you Hi Bansi how are you?   Are you doing any TV shows etc. doing any TV shows etc. doing any TV shows etc. related to time? related to time? related to time? Hey Hey Hey Silent One, have you really Silent One, have you really Silent One, have you really come to steal?  [laughter] come to steal?  [laughter] come to steal?  [laughter] India's got latent. India's got latent. India's got latent. Okay, Okay, Okay, seriously? seriously? seriously? Yes.   Take care Yes.   Take care Yes.   Take care brother.  Speak something thoughtfully. brother.  Speak something thoughtfully. brother.  Speak something thoughtfully. Okay brother, let's leave for now, finally let's go to the Okay brother, let's leave for now, finally let's go to the Okay brother, let's leave for now, finally let's go to the show location and you show location and you show location and you know who is there with us, Harsh Bhai and know who is there with us, Harsh Bhai and know who is there with us, Harsh Bhai and Badshah, you know me [Music] know me [Music] know me [Music] so the guys have finally reached but are so the guys have finally reached but are so the guys have finally reached but are not getting down from the car yet because there is a little not getting down from the car yet because there is a little not getting down from the car yet because there is a little crowd outside, so we have to reach inside quickly crowd outside, so we have to reach inside quickly crowd outside, so we have to reach inside quickly with the security.  So the guys have finally come with the security.  So the guys have finally come with the security.  So the guys have finally come up.  Look, we have got this room to up.  Look, we have got this room to up.  Look, we have got this room to rest now and the time is now, it will rest now and the time is now, it will rest now and the time is now, it will start at 4:30 or 5:00.  We have half an hour to start at 4:30 or 5:00.  We have half an hour to start at 4:30 or 5:00.  We have half an hour to rest.  So look, I have got a rest.  So look, I have got a rest.  So look, I have got a room, there is nice seating here, room, there is nice seating here, room, there is nice seating here, sofa, table, everything to sit, water and let me sofa, table, everything to sit, water and let me sofa, table, everything to sit, water and let me show you one more cool thing, show you one more cool thing, show you one more cool thing, come here come here come here look brother, I have got look brother, I have got look brother, I have got this and look what is written in it, this and look what is written in it, this and look what is written in it, what is written, what is written, what is written, look what is written brother, always look what is written brother, always look what is written brother, always wanted to give my autograph to someone like you, oh wanted to give my autograph to someone like you, oh wow, this time brother, you can do it, look wow, this time brother, you can do it, look wow, this time brother, you can do it, look and see, there are many other things in it, oh what is and see, there are many other things in it, oh what is and see, there are many other things in it, oh what is written, jail free, jail free, written, jail free, jail free, written, jail free, jail free, what is it, get out of the jail free what is it, get out of the jail free what is it, get out of the jail free and here fruits are also kept for makeup wake up, and here fruits are also kept for makeup wake up, and here fruits are also kept for makeup wake up, fruits are kept here, fruits are kept here, fruits are kept here, whatever it is, I should not say anything wrong otherwise whatever it is, I should not say anything wrong otherwise whatever it is, I should not say anything wrong otherwise I will get into trouble brother, I will get into trouble brother, I will get into trouble brother, after coming to the show, but otherwise I do after coming to the show, but otherwise I do after coming to the show, but otherwise I do not say anything, have fun, enjoy yourself, you are being yourself, not say anything, have fun, enjoy yourself, you are being yourself, yes, yes, yes, candles and lights are also provided friend, what candles and lights are also provided friend, what candles and lights are also provided friend, what is their plan, welcome, is their plan, welcome, is their plan, welcome, thank you so much for coming, how are you, it went thank you so much for coming, how are you, it went thank you so much for coming, how are you, it went well, well, well, hello, hello, welcome back, hello, hello, welcome back, hello, hello, welcome back, hello, hello, hello, his wife, look friend, I am the cameraman, friend. his wife, look friend, I am the cameraman, friend. his wife, look friend, I am the cameraman, friend. But so [nasal sound] good But so [nasal sound] good But so [nasal sound] good man.  See, I have brought something for you. man.  See, I have brought something for you. man.  See, I have brought something for you. Yes, only you can do this.  Well Yes, only you can do this.  Well Yes, only you can do this.  Well [laughs] I actually wanted this. [laughs] I actually wanted this. [laughs] I actually wanted this. Hey, what's the matter? Hey, what's the matter? Hey, what's the matter? Yes, really guys, look, Samay Bhai Yes, really guys, look, Samay Bhai Yes, really guys, look, Samay Bhai gave me the autograph without saying anything and without asking. gave me the autograph without saying anything and without asking. gave me the autograph without saying anything and without asking. Yes, Yes, Yes, without asking.  And this is what you might feel after the show today. without asking.  And this is what you might feel after the show today. Yes, you saw this.   I Yes, you saw this.   I Yes, you saw this.   I saw this also.  And this is a from us, this is a from us to you.  So that this is a from us to you.  So that this is a from us to you.  So that you can love from another camera angle also. you can love from another camera angle also. you can love from another camera angle also. And for that you will need another wife.  Hey, And for that you will need another wife.  Hey, And for that you will need another wife.  Hey, take this camera brother. take this camera brother. take this camera brother. What phone do you have right now?  Now check Samsung later.  This is a good phone.  Ok. check Samsung later.  This is a good phone.  Ok. check Samsung later.  This is a good phone.  Ok. Ok.  Ok. Ok.  Ok. Ok.  Ok. How are you the rest?   awesome awesome. How are you the rest?   awesome awesome. How are you the rest?   awesome awesome. You tell.   All You tell.   All You tell.   All good. good. good. Excited? Excited? Excited? Yes, yes, a lot. Yes, yes, a lot. Yes, yes, a lot. Hey, what's the matter?  After this, if you had to go to jail, Hey, what's the matter?  After this, if you had to go to jail, you would have made two or three vlogs from there also. you would have made two or three vlogs from there also. you would have made two or three vlogs from there also. [laughter] Let's [laughter] Let's [laughter] Let's see. see. see. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Yes dear.  Oh, that's cool. Yes dear.  Oh, that's cool. Yes dear.  Oh, that's cool. hello. hello. hello. She is not Bhabhi ji.  That's the camera. She is not Bhabhi ji.  That's the camera. She is not Bhabhi ji.  That's the camera. We're so [laughs] finally confused We're so [laughs] finally confused We're so [laughs] finally confused brother. brother. brother. So cute dude.  If it falls today, it will hit you So cute dude.  If it falls today, it will hit you So cute dude.  If it falls today, it will hit you [laughs].   Am [laughs].   Am I being awkward to you?   No no, it's I being awkward to you?   No no, it's I being awkward to you?   No no, it's great. great. great. I'm going full throttle because [laughs] it's a I'm going full throttle because [laughs] it's a I'm going full throttle because [laughs] it's a good thing.   Do good thing.   Do good thing.   Do you put this? you put this? you put this? No. No. No. Correct answer. Correct answer. Correct answer. First time [laughs] first time I heard the name.  I have First time [laughs] first time I heard the name.  I have First time [laughs] first time I heard the name.  I have met you for the first time. met you for the first time. met you for the first time. I searched for this for you.  Just saw it.  This I searched for this for you.  Just saw it.  This I searched for this for you.  Just saw it.  This is Rasud.  He does both poetry and comedy. is Rasud.  He does both poetry and comedy. is Rasud.  He does both poetry and comedy. Yes, I just saw you read your love Yes, I just saw you read your love Yes, I just saw you read your love you brother.  Let's do a poem each, friend.  There should be you brother.  Let's do a poem each, friend.  There should be you brother.  Let's do a poem each, friend.  There should be a poem on the relationship between husband and wife.   No no, a poem on the relationship between husband and wife.   No no, a poem on the relationship between husband and wife.   No no, brother in the relationship of wife and wife.   It's a brother in the relationship of wife and wife.   It's a brother in the relationship of wife and wife.   It's a good love story brother.  It will be fun if you guys also keep watching me. good love story brother.  It will be fun if you guys also keep watching me. I saw all your vlogs? I saw all your vlogs? I saw all your vlogs? Yes. Yes. Yes. This poor guy had a breakup three years This poor guy had a breakup three years This poor guy had a breakup three years ago. ago. ago. His girlfriend had cheated on him. His girlfriend had cheated on him. His girlfriend had cheated on him. So now he shoots all this poetry on it.  Isn't it So now he shoots all this poetry on it.  Isn't it So now he shoots all this poetry on it.  Isn't it ?   Isn't it ?   Isn't it ?   Isn't it ?  Sorry friend, what did you remind me of?  Did you ?  Sorry friend, what did you remind me of?  Did you ?  Sorry friend, what did you remind me of?  Did you spoil the mood before the show? spoil the mood before the show? spoil the mood before the show? okay brother.  [laughter] okay brother.  [laughter] okay brother.  [laughter] But thank you so much for coming, man.   You will enjoy it. But thank you so much for coming, man.   You will enjoy it. You see, have you seen the latent just now? You see, have you seen the latent just now? You see, have you seen the latent just now? Saw it yesterday. Saw it yesterday. Saw it yesterday. When have you not seen this before?  Oh [ __ ]. When have you not seen this before?  Oh [ __ ]. When have you not seen this before?  Oh [ __ ]. Yesterday we watched a lot of episodes Yesterday we watched a lot of episodes Yesterday we watched a lot of episodes and yet we came.  [laughter] Guys, it's time to meet brother.  He Guys, it's time to meet brother.  He Guys, it's time to meet brother.  He explained a little bit about what to do, how to explained a little bit about what to do, how to explained a little bit about what to do, how to do it, what to say.  So let's do it, what to say.  So let's do it, what to say.  So let's unbox this gift now.  He is saying that it has been given.  Let's unbox this gift now.  He is saying that it has been given.  Let's unbox this gift now.  He is saying that it has been given.  Let's see see see brother.   You are brother.   You are brother.   You are not lying, friend. Oh brother, Oh brother, Oh brother, you are really a fool.   I you are really a fool.   I you are really a fool.   I will unbox it when I get home. will unbox it when I get home. will unbox it when I get home. Yes brother, talk to him, Yes brother, talk to him, Yes brother, talk to him, just want you to open up the bike. just want you to open up the bike. just want you to open up the bike. Open up. Open up. Open up. Yes, yes, I am open.  I am completely open, I am definitely Yes, yes, I am open.  I am completely open, I am definitely Yes, yes, I am open.  I am completely open, I am definitely open.  Let's go. open.  Let's go. open.  Let's go. So which episode did you watch? So which episode did you watch? So which episode did you watch? I I I saw the last one.  Hey man, saw the last one.  Hey man, saw the last one.  Hey man, look at that one [laughs] no, I have seen it.  I saw them all.  Oh no, I have seen it.  I saw them all.  Oh no, I have seen it.  I saw them all.  Oh wow, okay.  So that's it, don't be shy.  Ok. wow, okay.  So that's it, don't be shy.  Ok. wow, okay.  So that's it, don't be shy.  Ok. Badshah is my brother, he is a rapper.  Hari Singh Badshah is my brother, he is a rapper.  Hari Singh Badshah is my brother, he is a rapper.  Hari Singh Hari Singh you can crack jokes on him.  Harsh is the Hari Singh you can crack jokes on him.  Harsh is the Hari Singh you can crack jokes on him.  Harsh is the brother who is Bharti's husband.  This is all he has, nothing else yet. brother who is Bharti's husband.  This is all he has, nothing else yet. brother who is Bharti's husband.  This is all he has, nothing else yet. I am.  There are a I am.  There are a I am.  There are a lot of jokes on me too.  You can kill. lot of jokes on me too.  You can kill. lot of jokes on me too.  You can kill. And Rajat Sood doesn't know him, so And Rajat Sood doesn't know him, so And Rajat Sood doesn't know him, so you you you can hit him and me too, there are many things, okay, the can hit him and me too, there are many things, okay, the can hit him and me too, there are many things, okay, the show got closed or I am fat or I am poor show got closed or I am fat or I am poor show got closed or I am fat or I am poor in comparison to you, or whatever it is, in comparison to you, or whatever it is, in comparison to you, or whatever it is, okay, okay, okay, where are you poor, friend, you have a cameraman, where are you poor, friend, you have a cameraman, where are you poor, friend, you have a cameraman, where are you poor, I do where are you poor, I do where are you poor, I do n't have a wife, friend, I n't have a wife, friend, I n't have a wife, friend, I am emotionally poor, both of you, you are like such a am emotionally poor, both of you, you are like such a am emotionally poor, both of you, you are like such a personality, you also come on the panel on this day, friend, you are too funny, I can see you also come on the panel on this day, friend, you are too funny, I can see you also come on the panel on this day, friend, you are too funny, I can see your vlogs, your vlogs, your vlogs, thank you, the thank you, the thank you, the fights that you both do, do you really do, that is, there is fights that you both do, do you really do, that is, there is fights that you both do, do you really do, that is, there is spirit, it spirit, it spirit, it really happens, you should not get married, really happens, you should not get married, really happens, you should not get married, fights really happen, fights really happen, fights really happen, your face is not coming, right? [laughs] your face is not coming, right? [laughs] your face is not coming, right? [laughs] these fights of yours really happen, these fights of yours really happen, these fights of yours really happen, yes, yes, brother, the love that you see from people is brother, the love that you see from people is brother, the love that you see from people is also fake, they are also fighting at home, also fake, they are also fighting at home, you don't think that this guy does something like this, you don't think that this guy does something like this, you cut 20 minutes of your show from 5 hours, funny funny. you cut 20 minutes of your show from 5 hours, funny funny. you cut 20 minutes of your show from 5 hours, funny funny. Well, he also Well, he also Well, he also cuts well. cuts well. cuts well. And they only show the shoulder. And they only show the shoulder. And they only show the shoulder. Yeah [laughs] Yeah [laughs] Yeah [laughs] I know the algorithm, right? I know the algorithm, right? I know the algorithm, right? Yes.  So when she fell and the poor girl got Yes.  So when she fell and the poor girl got Yes.  So when she fell and the poor girl got hurt, your first concern was whether the hurt, your first concern was whether the hurt, your first concern was whether the vlog was being made or not?  So you don't feel bad like this then.   Do vlog was being made or not?  So you don't feel bad like this then.   Do n't you think so? n't you think so? n't you think so? feel so bad.  [laughs] Guys, finally we have found the time brother, Guys, finally we have found the time brother, this is before the show brother, but it will be posted only after that, this is before the show brother, but it will be posted only after that, this is before the show brother, but it will be posted only after that, yes it will come later, don't worry, one month, two yes it will come later, don't worry, one month, two yes it will come later, don't worry, one month, two months, months, months, yes, one month, yes, one month, yes, one month, yes, only yes, only yes, only after that it will be shown in the news, after that it will be shown in the news, after that it will be shown in the news, yes [laughs] yes [laughs] yes [laughs] just don't do anything wrong today, everything should be good, yes, that just don't do anything wrong today, everything should be good, yes, that depends on you, what depends on you, what depends on you, what question do you ask, I heard you asked Beer, yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes, I question do you ask, I heard you asked Beer, yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes, I question do you ask, I heard you asked Beer, yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes, I heard, heard, heard, so what is the answer to that question, nothing, so what is the answer to that question, nothing, I told you that day, I told you that day, I told you that day, brother, these two don't look the same, brother, these two don't look the same, brother, these two don't look the same, we look the same, we look the same, we look the same, yes yes yes we look the same, we look the same, we look the same, no, let's get it done no, let's get it done no, let's get it done first, oh friend, let's first, oh friend, let's first, oh friend, let's start start start [laughs] friend, it's [laughs] friend, it's [laughs] friend, it's fully set, I am fully prepared brother, I am fully set, I am fully prepared brother, I am fully set, I am fully prepared brother, I am charged charged charged so excited, so excited, so excited, I am also ready [laughs] I am also ready [laughs] I am also ready [laughs] this is also ready, this is also ready, this is also ready, now we all have to get ready, finally, there is another now we all have to get ready, finally, there is another now we all have to get ready, finally, there is another vlog of theirs, vlog of theirs, vlog of theirs, yes yes yes brother, this is Teenati Vlog, brother, there are so many people, brother, this is Teenati Vlog, brother, there are so many people, brother, this is Teenati Vlog, brother, there are so many people, all of them are bloggers, all of them are bloggers, all of them are bloggers, look guys, everyone is doing vlogs, look guys, everyone is doing vlogs, look guys, everyone is doing vlogs, sir, they earn money [laughs] you are right, right, right, this is Amir sitting here, this is Amir sitting here, this is Amir sitting here, yes friend, friend, yes friend, friend, yes friend, friend, this  Isn't it there in everything this  Isn't it there in everything brother, how brother, you have cars worth ₹1 crore brother brother, how brother, you have cars worth ₹1 crore brother brother, how brother, you have cars worth ₹1 crore brother and a haircut of ₹1 [laughs] no but thank you friend, you came from Hadwani, it is a but thank you friend, you came from Hadwani, it is a but thank you friend, you came from Hadwani, it is a big thing friend, oh I have dreams friend, I big thing friend, oh I have dreams friend, I big thing friend, oh I have dreams friend, I also had a dream so sweet, just also had a dream so sweet, just also had a dream so sweet, just in my dreams [laughs] no but this, this, this, anyway I don't no but this, this, this, anyway I don't no but this, this, this, anyway I don't talk dirty, till date I have not heard a talk dirty, till date I have not heard a talk dirty, till date I have not heard a single abuse from my mouth, right single abuse from my mouth, right single abuse from my mouth, right among ourselves, correct, it among ourselves, correct, it among ourselves, correct, it means it is like this, if you sit then a person says never, never, he will means it is like this, if you sit then a person says never, never, he will say it today say it today say it today [laughs] I have not got into the habit, I have not got into the habit, I have not got into the habit, I have not made any friends since childhood, I don't have such friends not made any friends since childhood, I don't have such friends not made any friends since childhood, I don't have such friends you [laughs] while leaving from here leaving from here leaving from here brother, the shoes seem to be very expensive here, brother, the shoes seem to be very expensive here, brother, the shoes seem to be very expensive here, oh nice, how much do they cost, oh nice, how much do they cost, oh nice, how much do they cost, people wear these in the army at Siachen brother. people wear these in the army at Siachen brother. people wear these in the army at Siachen brother. Finally the time has come that we are going to Sir's Finally the time has come that we are going to Sir's Finally the time has come that we are going to Sir's show. show. show. Come on.  [laughter] Come on.  [laughter] Come on.  [laughter] Okay, brother, I'll see you straight Okay, brother, I'll see you straight Okay, brother, I'll see you straight after the show.  The show will run for full 6 hours, after 6 hours after the show.  The show will run for full 6 hours, after 6 hours after the show.  The show will run for full 6 hours, after 6 hours there will be there will be there will be no shooting, we can meet in between.  There are two shows, so we no shooting, we can meet in between.  There are two shows, so we no shooting, we can meet in between.  There are two shows, so we can meet in between. can meet in between. can meet in between. Well, we Well, we Well, we can meet back in the middle. can meet back in the middle. can meet back in the middle. You should not run the panel fully in between. You should not run the panel fully in between. You should not run the panel fully in between. Come on, make it.  If there is a good moment in between.   You can Come on, make it.  If there is a good moment in between.   You can also threaten me that you will put this one in.  If you have it then bring it. also threaten me that you will put this one in.  If you have it then bring it. Good.  [laughs] Guys the first show is over and this is Guys the first show is over and this is Guys the first show is over and this is our Harsh Bhai, this is Rajat Bhai and it's your our Harsh Bhai, this is Rajat Bhai and it's your our Harsh Bhai, this is Rajat Bhai and it's your boy Badshah boy Badshah boy Badshah shout out to Piyush, Piyush should have been brought, shout out to Piyush, Piyush should have been brought, shout out to Piyush, Piyush should have been brought, Piyush had an exam today, he is Piyush had an exam today, he is Piyush had an exam today, he is 18 plus, 18 plus, 18 plus, oh ok ok oh ok ok oh ok ok Piyush cannot come, he is Piyush cannot come, he is Piyush cannot come, he is 16 years old, 16 years old, 16 years old, yes he yes he yes he cannot come, cannot come, cannot come, we are on the main menu above the habit we are on the main menu above the habit we are on the main menu above the habit now the show is being shot, time changed, now the show is being shot, time changed, now the show is being shot, time changed, setup and punch, it was setup and punch, it was setup and punch, it was great, it was fun, we great, it was fun, we great, it was fun, we changed it, changed it, changed it, so it was so it was so it was fun, the fun, the fun, the audience was thrilled. audience was thrilled. audience was thrilled. What were the new jokes brother?   It started. What were the new jokes brother?   It started. Just a big round of applause for Saurabh Bhai, Just a big round of applause for Saurabh Bhai, Just a big round of applause for Saurabh Bhai, thank you so much Bhai.  You were a very good sport.  He thank you so much Bhai.  You were a very good sport.  He thank you so much Bhai.  You were a very good sport.  He took all the jokes, he took took all the jokes, he took took all the jokes, he took all the jokes.  Thank you so much brother. all the jokes.  Thank you so much brother. all the jokes.  Thank you so much brother. I love you. I love you. I love you. So glad that you did feel the pressure to say something funny. So glad that you did feel the pressure to say something funny. Because last time it happened, it happened once. Because last time it happened, it happened once. Because last time it happened, it happened once. Come on brother, it's packed up.  Let's leave now Come on brother, it's packed up.  Let's leave now Come on brother, it's packed up.  Let's leave now and look at the time, it's 12:00 at night.   Guys, let's leave now. and look at the time, it's 12:00 at night.   Guys, let's leave now. and look at the time, it's 12:00 at night.   Guys, let's leave now. Look at the time, it's about to be Look at the time, it's about to be Look at the time, it's about to be 12:30.  So now we are leaving from here for 12:30.  So now we are leaving from here for 12:30.  So now we are leaving from here for dinner.  We did not have dinner dinner.  We did not have dinner dinner.  We did not have dinner today. today. today. When and how far will you run brother?  What is it brother? When and how far will you run brother?  What is it brother? When and how far will you run brother?  What is it brother? Oho. Oho. Oho. Hey brother, please stop for a second. Hey brother, please stop for a second. Hey brother, please stop for a second. Hey, where are you running brother? Hey, where are you running brother? Hey, where are you running brother? wait. wait. wait. You will get hurt. You will get hurt. You will get hurt. Wait, wait, wait, they are stopping me.  Stop, Wait, wait, wait, they are stopping me.  Stop, Wait, wait, wait, they are stopping me.  Stop, stop.   Stop.   Come on. stop.   Stop.   Come on. Where are you running for so long? Where are you running for so long? Where are you running for so long? Taking a selfie with you.  So take it.   I am a Taking a selfie with you.  So take it.   I am a Taking a selfie with you.  So take it.   I am a Voyager.  I am also a vlogger.   Take it.   Are Voyager.  I am also a vlogger.   Take it.   Are you making a vlog? you making a vlog? you making a vlog? Guys do subscribe us.  You have been Guys do subscribe us.  You have been Guys do subscribe us.  You have been running from behind so fast for so long.  But this is not safe. running from behind so fast for so long.  But this is not safe. Prem Solanki is a vlogging channel.  Please subscribe Prem Solanki is a vlogging channel.  Please subscribe Prem Solanki is a vlogging channel.  Please subscribe guys.   Take it guys.   Take it guys.   Take it but don't run after it like this. but don't run after it like this. but don't run after it like this. Yes. Yes. Yes. Ok. Ok. Ok. Where do you live now?  I live in Mumbai for that. Where do you live now?  I live in Mumbai for that. We are leaving, bye.   You wo We are leaving, bye.   You wo We are leaving, bye.   You wo n't run away now, will you?  Another one has come brother. n't run away now, will you?  Another one has come brother. n't run away now, will you?  Another one has come brother. Come on, come on, come on.   Got Come on, come on, come on.   Got Come on, come on, come on.   Got into vlogging.  [laughter] into vlogging.  [laughter] into vlogging.  [laughter] Come on. Come on. Come on. Complete. Complete. Complete. Now he might start running away again.  Guys, Now he might start running away again.  Guys, Now he might start running away again.  Guys, finally we have come for dinner, finally we have come for dinner, finally we have come for dinner, Mithpad Bhai is also here Mithpad Bhai is also here Mithpad Bhai is also here and all of them are Slay Point and all these and all of them are Slay Point and all these and all of them are Slay Point and all these Saurabh Bhai, why are you vlogging when Saurabh Bhai, why are you vlogging when Saurabh Bhai, why are you vlogging when I can vlog, only then will you vlog, so guys, I can vlog, only then will you vlog, so guys, I can vlog, only then will you vlog, so guys, look, this is Saurabh Bhai look, this is Saurabh Bhai look, this is Saurabh Bhai and guys, this is our table and on the side there is another and guys, this is our table and on the side there is another and guys, this is our table and on the side there is another Saurabh, on the Saurabh, on the Saurabh, on the side there is another [laughs] and Saurabh Bhai, so side there is another [laughs] and Saurabh Bhai, so side there is another [laughs] and Saurabh Bhai, so we have just booked this table, the side we have just booked this table, the side we have just booked this table, the side table is also booked, table is also booked, table is also booked, son, whatever I say, I do and son, whatever I say, I do and son, whatever I say, I do and whatever I don't say, I definitely do it. whatever I don't say, I definitely do it. whatever I don't say, I definitely do it. Tell me whose mimicry are you doing? Tell me whose mimicry are you doing? Tell me whose mimicry are you doing? Guys, dinner is over now.  Now let's go to the Guys, dinner is over now.  Now let's go to the Guys, dinner is over now.  Now let's go to the hotel.  Say goodbye to everyone. hotel.  Say goodbye to everyone. hotel.  Say goodbye to everyone. Bye-bye-by Bye-bye-by Bye-bye-by goodness. goodness. goodness. Bye-by good night. Bye-by good night. Bye-by good night. So now we have reached the hotel.  Look, all the So now we have reached the hotel.  Look, all the So now we have reached the hotel.  Look, all the lights have gone off here.   The guys have finally reached their hotel guys have finally reached their hotel guys have finally reached their hotel room.  Brother, room.  Brother, room.  Brother, I cannot explain to you the fun I had in the show today.  Brother, whatever Samay I cannot explain to you the fun I had in the show today.  Brother, whatever Samay I cannot explain to you the fun I had in the show today.  Brother, whatever Samay Bhai has done, brother, I laughed so much in the show, I Bhai has done, brother, I laughed so much in the show, I Bhai has done, brother, I laughed so much in the show, I mean I have never laughed so much in my life till date, mean I have never laughed so much in my life till date, mean I have never laughed so much in my life till date, brother, brother, brother, tell me how did you like it, I have never tell me how did you like it, I have never tell me how did you like it, I have never laughed for so long, it laughed for so long, it laughed for so long, it hurt while laughing, I hurt while laughing, I hurt while laughing, I mean he cracked jokes on me as well, he mean he cracked jokes on me as well, he mean he cracked jokes on me as well, he cracked jokes on other people, but how should I tell you, cracked jokes on other people, but how should I tell you, cracked jokes on other people, but how should I tell you, you will see when the show comes, by the way the vlog will also come when the you will see when the show comes, by the way the vlog will also come when the you will see when the show comes, by the way the vlog will also come when the show comes, I cannot post it right now, but brother, it was show comes, I cannot post it right now, but brother, it was show comes, I cannot post it right now, but brother, it was very next level, I enjoyed it a lot, how much hard very next level, I enjoyed it a lot, how much hard very next level, I enjoyed it a lot, how much hard work he does, he kept on talking, he kept on talking for work he does, he kept on talking, he kept on talking for work he does, he kept on talking, he kept on talking for 8 hours continuously, 8 hours continuously, 8 hours continuously, I was not able to speak much, guys you I was not able to speak much, guys you I was not able to speak much, guys you know, because I am not a comedian at all. know, because I am not a comedian at all. know, because I am not a comedian at all. I am a vlogger.  I make vlogs. I am a vlogger.  I make vlogs. I am a vlogger.  I make vlogs. But I was sitting there and speaking a little bit.  He cracked But I was sitting there and speaking a little bit.  He cracked But I was sitting there and speaking a little bit.  He cracked jokes on me.  But brother, the jokes on me.  But brother, the jokes on me.  But brother, the fun I had was next level.  Very fun I had was next level.  Very fun I had was next level.  Very next level. next level. next level. That's not your genre, is it? That's not your genre, is it? That's not your genre, is it? Yes.  So now look at the time, it is 2:30 in the night. Yes.  So now look at the time, it is 2:30 in the night. Yes.  So now look at the time, it is 2:30 in the night. Now we reached our hotel Now we reached our hotel Now we reached our hotel room.  But today's day was worth it brother.  Isn't it room.  But today's day was worth it brother.  Isn't it room.  But today's day was worth it brother.  Isn't it ?   So let me ?   So let me ?   So let me end this vlog for now.  I end this vlog for now.  I end this vlog for now.  I hope you liked it.  If you like it hope you liked it.  If you like it hope you liked it.  If you like it then please like it.  Please subscribe to the channel. then please like it.  Please subscribe to the channel. then please like it.  Please subscribe to the channel. See you in the next vlog.  Thank See you in the next vlog.  Thank See you in the next vlog.  Thank you so much for watching. Your [singing voice][music] love is all it's [music][singing voice] time to let you know how you [music][singing voice] time to let you know how you [music][singing voice] time to let you know how you feel the one