Guys, finally we have met Samay Bhai
before the show. Just don't let anything go wrong today. May everything be
good.
Yes, it depends on you what
questions you ask.
Guys, the first show is over.
And this is our Harsh Bhai. This is Rajat Bhai and
it's your boy Badshah.
Shout out to Piyush. Piyush should go.
Hey guys good morning. Welcome to my new
vlog. So brother, I am making today's vlog
but it will be posted after one or one and a half months. Because
we are going to India's got latent seas too.
Brother, finally we got a call
that brother season 2 is coming.
Alia Bhatt in the first episode, she in the second episode and
you in the third episode. I said okay
brother let's go, it will be a different experience.
But now I am scared about
what will happen there? There will be full roasting. It will be a complete joke.
And I do
n't know how to say much, friend.
How will I speak especially while sitting on a panel on stage? I am
thinking this. I am feeling very anxious,
very much, but whatever happens will be a different
experience, I will show it to you all. I am
not a complete professional comedian that I will go there and do comedy and
I don't use abusive language, in fact
I don't use abusive language at all. No
one would have ever heard any abusive language from my mouth,
but still, if brother has called me, he must have
called me after thinking carefully, to roast me, to
crack jokes on me. By the
way, can you guess what jokes he would have cracked,
most of the memes are made. They are
made for marriage. Regarding the wife,
just the same decoration
and all these things. Well, there are
not many wrong things on which you can make jokes but it will be
fun. I am very excited
because this is the first time I am going to such a show.
And in such a popular show
like India's Got Talent, I am getting
nervous. I am also getting excited.
Unable to understand. I am having a lot of mixed
feelings. I can't even express it
because where did I start from
and today I am going to such a big show. I am getting a chance to
go. So let's go
straight from here to the airport, then
take a direct flight there and then the show will start.
We will reach in the evening. I have to go to Mumbai. The
show is there. 6- It is a seven hour shoot.
So we will show you the complete one and you will get the back stage.
And yes, today I am going to
meet Badshah Bhai for the first time.
And Harsh is brother. You must know Harsh Bhai. I
just want to say one thing before I go.
Something like this might come out of the mouth
because there you never know what might
come out of the mouth. Anyway, I am
not able to remain conscious much on stage. I
stay with blogs etc. and
editing there is also not in my hands. There's nothing.
So please forgive me. Sometimes something like this happens, doesn't it?
I tell you in advance because it becomes a
mess after going there, friend. So you understand
how much stress is there in the mind. But there is so much
excitement too, friend.
Come on brother, let's sit in the car. Now let's go
straight from here. We have
reached Mumbai airport but it is very hot
brother, very hot, guys I am feeling
scared now, I don't know what will happen slowly,
how much roasting will happen, how much we will be made fun of, guys right now we are
waiting there, our boarding has
not started, I have brought water, guess
how much it will cost,
₹ no, it is not
50, it is
not even ₹20, it is
₹1, yes yes guys, I am
not paying ₹1 for the first time at the airport, no
friend, no no, I
brought it from there through the ranking machine.
Somewhere I found out and brought the empty bottle out of the washroom.
No, otherwise I am going in the plane now.
Brother, we are the latest. We are the latest to arrive as we are in business class.
We should have gone first. Sitting in the front row. I am going to get
myself insulted. I
know what will happen when I go there. They will make fun of it.
Samay Bhai [music] will joke a lot
on me. But still
I am going.
So we will eat North Indian platter.
If [music] you feel like and
like, the guys have
finally reached Bombay. Now let's go
straight to our hotel and then
we will leave straight for the show. Brother, I don't know what is going to happen today.
How much roasting is going to happen.
What a joke this is going to be.
[music][sound of singing]
So the guys have arrived at the hotel. So we have just reached the
hotel. Waiting for check in. And
this is our room number here and look how
cool it looks brother.
This area looks the most beautiful. Climb up like this.
Yes, there are stairs here to go up like this.
Then to go up from here. So Guys is checked
in. I have come to the room now.
So let's take a room tour. There is a bed here. Chair
table, editing table, TV.
The room ends as it begins.
Bus. Guys have come to Bombay and did
not meet Vineet Bhai. could be possible. So Vineet Bhai has
come down. It's great to meet him. Have
lunch with them.
Finally, Saurabh has come to Mumbai, our city
after so many months.
Guess whose shoot I came to? Are
you doing my film? I am
not doing the film, friend. Hey friend, don't
talk about the movie right now. Guys Vineet Bhai, you ca
n't even guess whose shoot I have
come for. Can't even guess.
Let me give you a hint.
No, I will not give any hints.
Yes, give me a little, just a little.
Meaning something related to your watch.
RX?
What do you do during the watch? Do
you have a Rollx? No. No. Have
you brought it after shooting from RX? No. No.
No, watch means what do you do in the watch? I
look at the time. How is your time going?
No, yes,
time,
yes, time is going on, something like this.
Time is running out.
Hi Bansi how are you? Are you
doing any TV shows etc.
related to time?
Hey
Silent One, have you really
come to steal? [laughter]
India's got latent.
Okay,
seriously?
Yes. Take care
brother. Speak something thoughtfully.
Okay brother, let's leave for now, finally let's go to the
show location and you
know who is there with us, Harsh Bhai and
Badshah, you
know me [Music]
so the guys have finally reached but are
not getting down from the car yet because there is a little
crowd outside, so we have to reach inside quickly
with the security. So the guys have finally come
up. Look, we have got this room to
rest now and the time is now, it will
start at 4:30 or 5:00. We have half an hour to
rest. So look, I have got a
room, there is nice seating here,
sofa, table, everything to sit, water and let me
show you one more cool thing,
come here
look brother, I have got
this and look what is written in it,
what is written,
look what is written brother, always
wanted to give my autograph to someone like you, oh
wow, this time brother, you can do it, look
and see, there are many other things in it, oh what is
written, jail free, jail free,
what is it, get out of the jail free
and here fruits are also kept for makeup wake up,
fruits are kept here,
whatever it is, I should not say anything wrong otherwise
I will get into trouble brother,
after coming to the show, but otherwise I do
not say anything, have fun, enjoy yourself, you are being yourself,
yes,
candles and lights are also provided friend, what
is their plan, welcome,
thank you so much for coming, how are you, it went
well,
hello, hello, welcome back,
hello,
his wife, look friend, I am the cameraman, friend.
But so [nasal sound] good
man. See, I have brought something for you.
Yes, only you can do this. Well
[laughs] I actually wanted this.
Hey, what's the matter?
Yes, really guys, look, Samay Bhai
gave me the autograph without saying anything and without asking.
Yes,
without asking. And this is what you might feel after the show today.
Yes, you saw this. I
saw this also. And this is a from us,
this is a from us to you. So that
you can love from another camera angle also.
And for that you will need another wife. Hey,
take this camera brother.
What phone do you have right now? Now
check Samsung later. This is a good phone. Ok.
Ok. Ok.
How are you the rest? awesome awesome.
You tell. All
good.
Excited?
Yes, yes, a lot.
Hey, what's the matter? After this, if you had to go to jail,
you would have made two or three vlogs from there also.
[laughter] Let's
see.
Welcome.
Yes dear. Oh, that's cool.
hello.
She is not Bhabhi ji. That's the camera.
We're so [laughs] finally confused
brother.
So cute dude. If it falls today, it will hit you
[laughs]. Am
I being awkward to you? No no, it's
great.
I'm going full throttle because [laughs] it's a
good thing. Do
you put this?
No.
Correct answer.
First time [laughs] first time I heard the name. I have
met you for the first time.
I searched for this for you. Just saw it. This
is Rasud. He does both poetry and comedy.
Yes, I just saw you read your love
you brother. Let's do a poem each, friend. There should be
a poem on the relationship between husband and wife. No no,
brother in the relationship of wife and wife. It's a
good love story brother. It will be fun if you guys also keep watching me.
I saw all your vlogs?
Yes.
This poor guy had a breakup three years
ago.
His girlfriend had cheated on him.
So now he shoots all this poetry on it. Isn't it
? Isn't it
? Sorry friend, what did you remind me of? Did you
spoil the mood before the show?
okay brother. [laughter]
But thank you so much for coming, man. You will enjoy it.
You see, have you seen the latent just now?
Saw it yesterday.
When have you not seen this before? Oh [ __ ].
Yesterday we watched a lot of episodes
and yet we came. [laughter]
Guys, it's time to meet brother. He
explained a little bit about what to do, how to
do it, what to say. So let's
unbox this gift now. He is saying that it has been given. Let's
see
brother. You are
not lying, friend.
Oh brother,
you are really a fool. I
will unbox it when I get home.
Yes brother, talk to him,
just want you to open up the bike.
Open up.
Yes, yes, I am open. I am completely open, I am definitely
open. Let's go.
So which episode did you watch?
I
saw the last one. Hey man,
look at that one [laughs]
no, I have seen it. I saw them all. Oh
wow, okay. So that's it, don't be shy. Ok.
Badshah is my brother, he is a rapper. Hari Singh
Hari Singh you can crack jokes on him. Harsh is the
brother who is Bharti's husband. This is all he has, nothing else yet.
I am. There are a
lot of jokes on me too. You can kill.
And Rajat Sood doesn't know him, so
you
can hit him and me too, there are many things, okay, the
show got closed or I am fat or I am poor
in comparison to you, or whatever it is,
okay,
where are you poor, friend, you have a cameraman,
where are you poor, I do
n't have a wife, friend, I
am emotionally poor, both of you, you are like such a
personality,
you also come on the panel on this day, friend, you are too funny, I can see
your vlogs,
thank you, the
fights that you both do, do you really do, that is, there is
spirit, it
really happens, you should not get married,
fights really happen,
your face is not coming, right? [laughs]
these fights of yours really happen,
yes,
brother, the love that you see from people is
also fake, they are also fighting at home,
you don't think that this guy does something like this,
you cut 20 minutes of your show from 5 hours, funny funny.
Well, he also
cuts well.
And they only show the shoulder.
Yeah [laughs]
I know the algorithm, right?
Yes. So when she fell and the poor girl got
hurt, your first concern was whether the
vlog was being made or not? So you don't feel bad like this then. Do
n't you think so?
feel so bad. [laughs]
Guys, finally we have found the time brother,
this is before the show brother, but it will be posted only after that,
yes it will come later, don't worry, one month, two
months,
yes, one month,
yes, only
after that it will be shown in the news,
yes [laughs]
just don't do anything wrong today, everything should be good, yes, that
depends on you, what
question do you ask, I heard you asked Beer, yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes, I
heard,
so what is the answer to that question, nothing,
I told you that day,
brother, these two don't look the same,
we look the same,
yes
we look the same,
no, let's get it done
first, oh friend, let's
start
[laughs] friend, it's
fully set, I am fully prepared brother, I am
charged
so excited,
I am also ready [laughs]
this is also ready,
now we all have to get ready, finally, there is another
vlog of theirs,
yes
brother, this is Teenati Vlog, brother, there are so many people,
all of them are bloggers,
look guys, everyone is doing vlogs,
sir, they earn money [laughs] you are
right,
this is Amir sitting here,
yes friend, friend,
this Isn't it there in everything
brother, how brother, you have cars worth ₹1 crore brother
and a haircut of ₹1 [laughs]
no
but thank you friend, you came from Hadwani, it is a
big thing friend, oh I have dreams friend, I
also had a dream so sweet, just
in my dreams [laughs]
no but this, this, this, anyway I don't
talk dirty, till date I have not heard a
single abuse from my mouth, right
among ourselves, correct, it
means it is like this, if you sit then a person says never, never, he will
say it today
[laughs] I have
not got into the habit, I have
not made any friends since childhood, I don't have such friends
you
[laughs] while
leaving from here
brother, the shoes seem to be very expensive here,
oh nice, how much do they cost,
people wear these in the army at Siachen brother.
Finally the time has come that we are going to Sir's
show.
Come on. [laughter]
Okay, brother, I'll see you straight
after the show. The show will run for full 6 hours, after 6 hours
there will be
no shooting, we can meet in between. There are two shows, so we
can meet in between.
Well, we
can meet back in the middle.
You should not run the panel fully in between.
Come on, make it. If there is a good moment in between. You can
also threaten me that you will put this one in. If you have it then bring it.
Good. [laughs]
Guys the first show is over and this is
our Harsh Bhai, this is Rajat Bhai and it's your
boy Badshah
shout out to Piyush, Piyush should have been brought,
Piyush had an exam today, he is
18 plus,
oh ok ok
Piyush cannot come, he is
16 years old,
yes he
cannot come,
we are on the main menu above the habit
now the show is being shot, time changed,
setup and punch, it was
great, it was fun, we
changed it,
so it was
fun, the
audience was thrilled.
What were the new jokes brother? It started.
Just a big round of applause for Saurabh Bhai,
thank you so much Bhai. You were a very good sport. He
took all the jokes, he took
all the jokes. Thank you so much brother.
I love you.
So glad that you did feel the pressure to say something funny.
Because last time it happened, it happened once.
Come on brother, it's packed up. Let's leave now
and look at the time, it's 12:00 at night. Guys, let's leave now.
Look at the time, it's about to be
12:30. So now we are leaving from here for
dinner. We did not have dinner
today.
When and how far will you run brother? What is it brother?
Oho.
Hey brother, please stop for a second.
Hey, where are you running brother?
wait.
You will get hurt.
Wait, wait, wait, they are stopping me. Stop,
stop. Stop. Come on.
Where are you running for so long?
Taking a selfie with you. So take it. I am a
Voyager. I am also a vlogger. Take it. Are
you making a vlog?
Guys do subscribe us. You have been
running from behind so fast for so long. But this is not safe.
Prem Solanki is a vlogging channel. Please subscribe
guys. Take it
but don't run after it like this.
Yes.
Ok.
Where do you live now? I live in Mumbai for that.
We are leaving, bye. You wo
n't run away now, will you? Another one has come brother.
Come on, come on, come on. Got
into vlogging. [laughter]
Come on.
Complete.
Now he might start running away again. Guys,
finally we have come for dinner,
Mithpad Bhai is also here
and all of them are Slay Point and all these
Saurabh Bhai, why are you vlogging when
I can vlog, only then will you vlog, so guys,
look, this is Saurabh Bhai
and guys, this is our table and on the side there is another
Saurabh, on the
side there is another [laughs] and Saurabh Bhai, so
we have just booked this table, the side
table is also booked,
son, whatever I say, I do and
whatever I don't say, I definitely do it.
Tell me whose mimicry are you doing?
Guys, dinner is over now. Now let's go to the
hotel. Say goodbye to everyone.
Bye-bye-by
goodness.
Bye-by good night.
So now we have reached the hotel. Look, all the
lights have gone off here. The
guys have finally reached their hotel
room. Brother,
I cannot explain to you the fun I had in the show today. Brother, whatever Samay
Bhai has done, brother, I laughed so much in the show, I
mean I have never laughed so much in my life till date,
brother,
tell me how did you like it, I have never
laughed for so long, it
hurt while laughing, I
mean he cracked jokes on me as well, he
cracked jokes on other people, but how should I tell you,
you will see when the show comes, by the way the vlog will also come when the
show comes, I cannot post it right now, but brother, it was
very next level, I enjoyed it a lot, how much hard
work he does, he kept on talking, he kept on talking for
8 hours continuously,
I was not able to speak much, guys you
know, because I am not a comedian at all.
I am a vlogger. I make vlogs.
But I was sitting there and speaking a little bit. He cracked
jokes on me. But brother, the
fun I had was next level. Very
next level.
That's not your genre, is it?
Yes. So now look at the time, it is 2:30 in the night.
Now we reached our hotel
room. But today's day was worth it brother. Isn't it
? So let me
end this vlog for now. I
hope you liked it. If you like it
then please like it. Please subscribe to the channel.
See you in the next vlog. Thank
you so much for watching.
Your [singing voice][music] love is all it's
[music][singing voice] time to let you know how you
feel
the one
