It's been 26 years since I came to this earth and It's been 26 years since I came to this earth and It's been 26 years since I came to this earth and today, for my 26th birthday, I got today, for my 26th birthday, I got today, for my 26th birthday, I got nail extensions done for the first time.  What happened?  A few nail extensions done for the first time.  What happened?  A few nail extensions done for the first time.  What happened?  A few days ago I saw Payal Jain's story about getting her days ago I saw Payal Jain's story about getting her days ago I saw Payal Jain's story about getting her nails done by Chetna.  Now, people who get their nails done by Chetna.  Now, people who get their nails done by Chetna.  Now, people who get their nails done regularly know nails done regularly know nails done regularly know who does the job with how cleanly.  So they get it done who does the job with how cleanly.  So they get it done who does the job with how cleanly.  So they get it done from there only.  Now after the nail design was from there only.  Now after the nail design was from there only.  Now after the nail design was done, when I saw his story, done, when I saw his story, done, when I saw his story, brother, the work was done in such a neat and clean manner brother, the work was done in such a neat and clean manner brother, the work was done in such a neat and clean manner and the nails were looking so beautiful.  It's just that and the nails were looking so beautiful.  It's just that and the nails were looking so beautiful.  It's just that I don't get it done.  Otherwise, every other day I don't get it done.  Otherwise, every other day I don't get it done.  Otherwise, every other day I keep seeing nail stories of some of my creator friends. I keep seeing nail stories of some of my creator friends. I keep seeing nail stories of some of my creator friends. Now Now Now because August is my birthday month.  So because August is my birthday month.  So because August is my birthday month.  So I thought this time I will also get my nails done. I thought this time I will also get my nails done. I thought this time I will also get my nails done. And this time I got nail extensions done. And this time I got nail extensions done. And this time I got nail extensions done. First time in my entire life. First time in my entire life. First time in my entire life. Now look, I was making a video and anyway Now look, I was making a video and anyway Now look, I was making a video and anyway I know this process very well. I know this process very well. I know this process very well. You people would know better than me whenever You people would know better than me whenever You people would know better than me whenever they did this process of denting, painting, grinding and they did this process of denting, painting, grinding and they did this process of denting, painting, grinding and polishing.  Last year, polishing.  Last year, polishing.  Last year, before the Thailand trip on my birthday, I had before the Thailand trip on my birthday, I had before the Thailand trip on my birthday, I had just got gel nail paint applied on my nails from a cello outside just got gel nail paint applied on my nails from a cello outside just got gel nail paint applied on my nails from a cello outside and they did my and they did my and they did my nails in the same style which was mother and sister, brother, I was nails in the same style which was mother and sister, brother, I was nails in the same style which was mother and sister, brother, I was literally crying before going on the trip. literally crying before going on the trip. literally crying before going on the trip. That's why I had a doubt whether I should get it done or That's why I had a doubt whether I should get it done or That's why I had a doubt whether I should get it done or not.  And for the whole year not.  And for the whole year not.  And for the whole year I did not get my nails done after that I did not get my nails done after that I did not get my nails done after that because because because my first experience my first experience my first experience last year was so bad.  Our nails are in place.  And last year was so bad.  Our nails are in place.  And last year was so bad.  Our nails are in place.  And Chetna suggested me to get it cut. Chetna suggested me to get it cut. Chetna suggested me to get it cut. It was no less than a magic for me. It was no less than a magic for me. It was no less than a magic for me. This magnet is creating a design inside the nail paint. This magnet is creating a design inside the nail paint. This magnet is creating a design inside the nail paint. Now Chetna Now Chetna Now Chetna showed so many options by applying nail paint.  Then my showed so many options by applying nail paint.  Then my showed so many options by applying nail paint.  Then my uncle selected a design from Pinterest. uncle selected a design from Pinterest. uncle selected a design from Pinterest. Consciousness will become sad.  And Consciousness will become sad.  And Consciousness will become sad.  And these are the final results.  Wow, you are these are the final results.  Wow, you are these are the final results.  Wow, you are looking so beautiful. For the first time, my hands are looking so beautiful. For the first time, my hands are looking so beautiful. For the first time, my hands are looking so beautiful.  See how looking so beautiful.  See how looking so beautiful.  See how neat and clean the work has been done.  Thank neat and clean the work has been done.  Thank neat and clean the work has been done.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you so much.  Show me the itch. you.  Thank you.  Thank you so much.  Show me the itch. Hey, is this crazy thing to put in the nose?   I got Hey, is this crazy thing to put in the nose?   I got Hey, is this crazy thing to put in the nose?   I got such expensive nails done so that I such expensive nails done so that I such expensive nails done so that I could make Kaku's head itch.  Absolutely.