It's been 26 years since I came to this earth and
today, for my 26th birthday, I got
nail extensions done for the first time. What happened? A few
days ago I saw Payal Jain's story about getting her
nails done by Chetna. Now, people who get their
nails done regularly know
who does the job with how cleanly. So they get it done
from there only. Now after the nail design was
done, when I saw his story,
brother, the work was done in such a neat and clean manner
and the nails were looking so beautiful. It's just that
I don't get it done. Otherwise, every other day
I keep seeing nail stories of some of my creator friends.
Now
because August is my birthday month. So
I thought this time I will also get my nails done.
And this time I got nail extensions done.
First time in my entire life.
Now look, I was making a video and anyway
I know this process very well.
You people would know better than me whenever
they did this process of denting, painting, grinding and
polishing. Last year,
before the Thailand trip on my birthday, I had
just got gel nail paint applied on my nails from a cello outside
and they did my
nails in the same style which was mother and sister, brother, I was
literally crying before going on the trip.
That's why I had a doubt whether I should get it done or
not. And for the whole year
I did not get my nails done after that
because
my first experience
last year was so bad. Our nails are in place. And
Chetna suggested me to get it cut.
It was no less than a magic for me.
This magnet is creating a design inside the nail paint.
Now Chetna
showed so many options by applying nail paint. Then my
uncle selected a design from Pinterest.
Consciousness will become sad. And
these are the final results. Wow, you are
looking so beautiful. For the first time, my hands are
looking so beautiful. See how
neat and clean the work has been done. Thank
you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Show me the itch.
Hey, is this crazy thing to put in the nose? I got
such expensive nails done so that I
could make Kaku's head itch. Absolutely.
