Is he a little deficient in vitamins
or has he got too much potassium?
What is the matter? He says
something strange every morning, doesn't it
seem like that? This is what you are
left with, you are not able to share his vision.
After changing your perspective,
look, I know the general sentiment is that he is a very
erratic man. Every morning he wakes up and
talks about something new. I am saying,
look how consistent it is.
Wake up every morning and think of a new,
state-of-the-art stupid idea.
And then have the courage to do it. This is art,
this is art. He has put the whole world under his control.
Because of this, Bigg Boss is
not getting ratings. Yes, yes.
Hey [praise]
aunties are sleeping on time in India. That we get
enough sleep. It will be fun tomorrow morning.
It's Not Easy Being the President of the
United States. It Becomes Very Lonely
at the Top. And the cow is lonely. He is out there
to make friends.
Now if we find some oil somewhere on the way.
What is the problem in that? But there is
no compromise in friendship. Look, there is no
formality
in friendship. Tell me the present of Venezuela, he has brought it
in shorts and track suit. I have
here
how pure my heart is. Whatever is in the heart is on the
tongue. There is no role of mind in between.
You look, hey man, no, hello, one
second. [Appreciation]
Why did the mind play a role? Right now the heart and mind are
outside.
His PR team died saying this. That no no
Venezuela was in a state of unrest,
their government was not working for them, it was a
disturbed state, that is why we had to intervene, he is saying
shut up at all, he will
not lie at all [laughs]
Bhaiya, let me tell you, he does not know that we had to go to
Venezuela for oil,
our hair is falling, we are receiving it, he is
speaking straight, there is absolutely no deceit, fraud,
anything, that man
tells half the story, does not tell the whole [laughs] he is
saying figure the [ __ ] out. The
entire country has been left on DIY mode.
Look, he
will tell half the story. For example,
you might remember that it suddenly rose in September. He is saying
H1B visa
H1B lakh dollar ka lakh lakh
itna bataya diet ko piece ho gaya. For
two and a half to three days after this announcement, the
entire immigrant community was in a dilemma as to
whom should it be given? Should I give it
or not?
Everyone is roaming around with black cheques in their upper pockets.
As if he does not carry this tariff slip
in his upper pocket, where any country does
something wrong, 50%
zero scope for negotiation. Where did someone say from the front,
keep Trump brother, why 70%
sir? Brother, you are a living example of mother life and mother rules. He does as he pleases. He is
saying [ __ ] the constitution.
Now, in December, a lot of people go
back to India to get their H1 stamped as well. I have gone this time
also. The
appointment was cancelled midway. He is
saying that now I will check your Instagram.
Half of India remained India. The overnight
population increased to 1.7 billion.
Remained there.
Mera khunda bhaiya bata hua hai India mein.
I am staying here at his house. The
work itself is the same. The whole world is busy working. The
stock market's
blabbering stock became so fit. So every
day, every share of his up and down is
completing 10,000 steps. Sometimes up, sometimes
down, sometimes up. There is no such share sitting idle.
I saw that he has put most of the work to his own
army. American Army Super
Busy Fund. I have seen that every soldier of our army is
sitting at the airport at
this time. He is saying that I don't know when
Bade Babuji feels like fighting.
And there is no guarantee that there will be fighting where you are sending them. The
ship is going to Venezuela. A soldier is sitting in it. I got a call
saying, brother, turn the ship towards Greenland. He has thrown
brother out. What is the fault
of the poor guy? That he has been affluent. He has been
rich all his life. Like, he was born
with a silver and golden
spoon. And a platinum dime.
Whatever he has laid his hands on since childhood, he has got it.
So he copied and pasted the same model for other countries
also. That Papa
wants Greenland. Yes, take it son.
What happens? Take geopolitics. And
I have a very simple solution to the Greenland problem. Because my
mind is also a small thing. This means that
when the army goes to Greenland, they should take it with them. I went
there and left it. For
two days, when he would shiver in the cold, he would
run barefoot to Dalas.
Get some heat.
That social media scrutiny has increased. From now on
I would like to address him as he.
Honorable His Highness
Shri Shri 108
Saint Shri Donald Trump Ji Maharaj,
people from America are saying to me that you
comedians are right, Trump gives you such
material, you make such jokes,
I said it is not easy for us, this is not easy for us
because when I
reached US, the war was going on with Venezuela,
today the atmosphere is like Greenland, by the
time we make a joke, he changes the premise of the joke, this is
not easy for us. [Praise]
After causing war all over the world, Pumpkin
sat with such a sad face that he did not pay me the peace price.
Hey brother, a piece is
made and its piece price is given. It definitely happens
because due to this the other countries have forgotten their mutual
conflicts. There
is an atmosphere of peace there. There are 195 countries on
Mother Earth. 194 are
looking towards it unitedly. What will brother do now?
Two bonus jokes for you because you guys made it this far.
But before that coming to
Australia and New Zealand very soon.
Here Are the Cities. Here are the dates. I'll See
What the Shows.
The most difficult parking is street
parking. To find street parking in the US,
you have to apply the binomial theorem, Fourier
transformation, Laplace
derivative and find its
quadratic root. And
the answer always turns out to be imaginary because there is
parking.
Street parking is so complicated.
First there is a board above
that says no parking from 7 am to 7:00 pm,
then there is a board below that says no parking
7:00 am to 9:00 pm
except for Saturday and Sunday,
no parking 7:00 am to 4:00 pm
I said crazy, the
man is going to park tomorrow, he is absolutely
sane,
sometimes he will say left side Monday Wednesday Friday right side Tuesday Saturday
friend
Sunday ko wali baar thi, Sunday ko paar ja aise leke
gari,
separate board above, separate board below, you
put a board together there that get out
from here, the
elders will park,
bring your parking from home,
when you have the habit of eating bread, you should keep a spoon with you and
I saw one more thing in this US store
that with every passing day it becomes very
versatile for you to lose your weight, you have to
reduce inches horizontally and
vertically
because when clothes are drying in the dryer
my clothes come out and I cannot recognize them.
I brought four lives. This is the only last one left. The
rest has become Gino Caffrey. The
boxer still has a good V shape today. The
cloth is shrinking. Absolutely. You know, they
snatched the bag completely. It is absolutely slim and
fit. Today
