I am going to your aunt's place. I am going to your aunt's place. I am going to your aunt's place. Ok?  If someone is complaining then Ok?  If someone is complaining then Ok?  If someone is complaining then both of you will not go out.  Bye-B come soon. both of you will not go out.  Bye-B come soon. both of you will not go out.  Bye-B come soon. Brother, I am feeling very hungry. Brother, I am feeling very hungry. Brother, I am feeling very hungry. I am also feeling hungry.  Wait a minute, did mom I am also feeling hungry.  Wait a minute, did mom I am also feeling hungry.  Wait a minute, did mom make something? make something? make something? No, mom did not make anything. No, mom did not make anything. No, mom did not make anything. I feel like mom avoids cooking. I feel like mom avoids cooking. So what to make now? So what to make now? So what to make now? Hey, let's make chicken.   Do Hey, let's make chicken.   Do Hey, let's make chicken.   Do you love your life or not?  Otherwise, is it you love your life or not?  Otherwise, is it you love your life or not?  Otherwise, is it from mommy's hands? from mommy's hands? from mommy's hands? Hey crazy, it's not real chicken.  I want to Hey crazy, it's not real chicken.  I want to Hey crazy, it's not real chicken.  I want to make this soybean chicken.   Yes yes make this soybean chicken.   Yes yes make this soybean chicken.   Yes yes ok. ok. ok. Like the edge of a book, like soap foam. Like the edge of a book, like soap foam. Like the edge of a book, like soap foam. Like there is Like there is Like there is no drink more fragrant than Billu in the whole world no drink more fragrant than Billu in the whole world no drink more fragrant than Billu in the whole world [music] You don't have such a name [music] You don't have such a name [music] You don't have such a name Bhaiya Mummy has come Bhaiya Mummy has come Bhaiya Mummy has come Baba I am throwing away bowl after bowl Papa Baba I am throwing away bowl after bowl Papa Baba I am throwing away bowl after bowl Papa ₹000 ₹000 ₹000 You will not eat it in the mind