Brother, what is happening guys? Look
how cool it looks indoors. Look how
cool it looks. So now let's climb up. Let's see
how it looks from above. What are you doing
brother? Don't do it, don't do it. No no, don't do it, don't do it, do
n't do it brother. It is not safe. It will fall
down here. Look, it can fall here too. This
is not safe.
Hey guys good morning. Welcome to my new
vlog. So for now, they have flown away. Let's go straight to the
gym. And today we have the plan that we
planted Mickey Mouse on the lawn yesterday. Today I will
plant it inside my living room brother. I
see a very big Mucky Mouse inside the house, I
thought he might not be able to come, so let's go for the gym
for now, then we will do it
later in the day, so let's go and
see today Avantika is also ready brother, does she get
up early in the morning for the gym sometimes
brother, everyone is sleeping right now, see no one has woken up, let's
go for the time being,
but no problem. If we have our own gym then
we can use a tripod.
Brother, it is completely dark here. No
one has even woken
us up yet.
Wow
brother, I will come to the basement and first look here properly like this.
Ram
Brother, today something magical has happened, look Sahil has woken up brother, the
gym is open early in the morning brother, now we will have to do something new, a
new mat has also come, so he is getting excited,
yes the new mat has brought some good mood, look matter, did
you wake up so early or did you not sleep the whole night, no no, I woke up,
and
wow friend, this one has
also come to keep,
now wake up Piyush friend.
Why? Why don't you get up, friend?
Hey, what is this?
It is like this only. He will
eat all this along with Jim. There
are snacks.
Take some good diet. Look at this.
Pre-workout.
Wow.
Pre-workout.
Hey guys, this is not a promotion guys. This should not be
drunk.
And this protein brother. Okay, let
me eat this.
Wow. Sahil surprised me by
coming here early in the morning today.
Come on, that's great, friend. Okay, if
you do it then we will be done. Done.
Come on brother, I am going to drink protein.
Where are you going?
Protein drink. Yes.
Earlier it was said that protein is not good.
This does not happen.
I will drink a little. Guys, look,
earlier you yourself used to say that protein is
not good. Like this, that you yourself are going to
drink protein. Look
I drink a little. You drink so much. Don't
say protein now. She sends me a reel. I
know guys. Reel sends me that
protein is not good. it does not. It does
n't happen.
Guys has become a parrot at the moment. I'm out.
We will have to postpone the rainy season. So
brother, I am thinking, look, here
we have a complete double height area. This empty
area can be placed here. It will
come all the way from here to here and it will also look great
from above. The rain has become very heavy.
Look, let's take it inside for now. For now
we have covered it here. Let's
remove this as well. Guys, at present
we have completely vacated this area. So
look how cool it looks. It will feel even more
fun when it comes here.
When it will swell up to the top, then see, this is the advantage of double height,
we can do anything in it up to the top. The
slide was also about to come
but it has not come yet. When it comes, you will
see that we will come down from the top in a great slide.
Olu come here
what are you doing Sardar? I am
putting it here.
What?
in the living room.
Mickey Mouse?
Yes. Isn't it raining outside?
Okay, now let's play here. You will enjoy it.
Now it will be a lot of fun, friend. Now I was feeling hot.
Now I won't even feel hot. It's
great to walk like this.
Yes, it was feeling hot.
So brother, Macy Mouse has arrived. Now it has to be
inflated.
So brother, the fun is about to begin.
How will it feel to have the Mi Mouse indoors? It will be a
lot of fun.
Everyone inflates it outside. No one must have blown it inside the house till date.
And
just make sure it doesn't hit the sandal. Let's
ask brother. Brother, has anyone planted it in the house
till date?
No friend, this is your first time.
First time?
First time. Will
this not stick to the sandals? It
is quite far. It
is far away. Okay brother, I was scared it might get stuck on
this one, but it won't get stuck, let's turn on
its light too. Come on, today
we never turn on its light, look at the sandals, today we
turned it on, our whole living room is shining so nicely,
what happened, I got
excited,
now don't jump in it, jump in it, if you
leave it,
this sofa will break while it is being built, brother, jump on it to your heart's content,
brother, finally we
need more space, are we running out of space, have
n't we, friend, if we have, we should move
this, then we will remove these
sofas, all of them,
now we are fitting the motor in it, after that,
then just turn on the button and straight up to the top, Sonali is very excited,
brother, let's see how it looks, oh friend, move this one, we will have to move this one too, oh this one is coming too far, it won't fit, guys, we are moving all these things for a while because it is
not able to come in, look at how big our Mucky Mouse is, just look at this a little, oh brother, brother, what is happening, brother, what is happening, guys, look how cool it looks inside the house, look at how cool it looks inside the house, after that, just turn on the button and straight up, Sonali is very excited, brother, let's see how it looks, oh friend, move this one, we will have to move this one too, oh this one is coming too far, it won't fit, guys, we are moving
all these things for a while because it is not able to come in, look at
how big it is, just look at this a little, oh brother, brother,
what is happening, brother, what is happening,
guys, look how cool it looks inside the house,
Brother, Sonali has already gone
and everyone has also come, look,
we have kept all the sofas aside, so
look at this brother, it looks better in the house,
guys, it looks very close from here,
look how cool it looks brother,
where have you placed our Mucky Mouse in the entire living room, look, I have placed it
here, it looks even
cooler here brother. Guys,
watch from my room. It will look great from here.
Look, it is completely visible from here. Brother
Avantika was also shocked after seeing this. Should we
go immediately? Let us go. Come on guys.
So let's go now. Look how cool it looks. So
now let's go upstairs. Let's see how it looks from above.
[MUSIC] It's
very difficult to make this, brother. [Music]
Brother Piyush is saying I will jump from there.
What are you doing brother? Don't do it, don't do it. No no, don't do it, don't do it. Do
n't do it brother. It is not safe. It
will fall down here. Look, it can fall here too.
This is not safe. Please don't do that. Don't do it, don't do it.
Brother, I don't trust
Piyush. Do this also.
Hey, you have come.
Let's play catch. For example,
suppose Kunal was flirting with me, the
description came to me. Then I
sent the photo to you. What to tag by tagging
?
Kunal, jump to your heart's content today. To my heart's content.
Jump as much as you want today. Guys, it's
more fun inside the house because it's not
too hot here. The AC is running
here, right?
Guys, let's just stop this for now,
bro. Everyone has played a lot. Look brother, Papa ji
himself stopped it. Kunali, its air is about to come out.
No.
Now its air will go out on its own. Look
Kunal, don't go like this. The air is coming out. He will fall.
Turn it off, it is going
down on its own
brother, the air is coming out, it is falling, it is
falling on its own but it has become completely silent,
see as soon as it is turned off because the motor was
making noise, Kunali, don't go, it will get stuck, it will get stuck,
yes, go, go,
sit on top, the whole
Kunali will drown, will get lost inside it, he got lost
brother, Kunali got lost, he drowned inside it,
see Kunali went above you, he came out of it, come, come, hey
Kunali, hey,
how will he come back, he will come out slowly, slowly, guys,
now we are watching
Piyush, Piyush is live, see this, guys,
now see, it has become normal, we have
removed the mucky mouse from here and look, today we
also lit this sandal, we don't light this also,
we did not light this one also, guys,
see how
a blogger's room looks like and
what all is kept in his bed. Look at this. The
mike is lying here. SSD
cards are lying here. It is lying 360.
Why have you kept a drone
here? We keep the drone nearby so that
as soon as the weather improves, we cannot see it.
Drones fly directly from the balcony. Look at this.
Now setting up. And look here, there
is a camera lying there. There are two cameras lying here.
And brother, look, let me show you one more thing.
These
fruits are kept here. I have
ordered it for you.
Yes, that means it should look exactly like a hotel. You don't
lack a single thing. Let's
edit it. I will also shoot something till then.
Ok?
What are you shooting? What is this?
What are you applying?
Hey friend, I am preparing for the shoot.
Tell me what is it?
Hey, this doesn't curl the hair. They
wander around like this.
What will happen with that? If we go around, we will. You will like it,
what else will happen?
Different things every day
brother, what happened to the Mucky Mouse you put inside the house
?
So for now I will end this vlog. If you like it
then please like it. Please subscribe to the channel.
See you in the next vlog. Thank
you so much for watching. Bye.
Oh
