Brother, what is happening guys?  Look Brother, what is happening guys?  Look Brother, what is happening guys?  Look how cool it looks indoors.  Look how how cool it looks indoors.  Look how how cool it looks indoors.  Look how cool it looks.  So now let's climb up.   Let's see cool it looks.  So now let's climb up.   Let's see cool it looks.  So now let's climb up.   Let's see how it looks from above.  What are you doing how it looks from above.  What are you doing how it looks from above.  What are you doing brother?  Don't do it, don't do it.  No no, don't do it, don't do it, do brother?  Don't do it, don't do it.  No no, don't do it, don't do it, do brother?  Don't do it, don't do it.  No no, don't do it, don't do it, do n't do it brother.  It is not safe.  It will fall n't do it brother.  It is not safe.  It will fall n't do it brother.  It is not safe.  It will fall down here.  Look, it can fall here too.  This down here.  Look, it can fall here too.  This down here.  Look, it can fall here too.  This is not safe. is not safe. is not safe. Hey guys good morning.  Welcome to my new Hey guys good morning.  Welcome to my new Hey guys good morning.  Welcome to my new vlog.  So for now, they have flown away.  Let's go straight to the vlog.  So for now, they have flown away.  Let's go straight to the vlog.  So for now, they have flown away.  Let's go straight to the gym.  And today we have the plan that we gym.  And today we have the plan that we gym.  And today we have the plan that we planted Mickey Mouse on the lawn yesterday.  Today I will planted Mickey Mouse on the lawn yesterday.  Today I will planted Mickey Mouse on the lawn yesterday.  Today I will plant it inside my living room brother.  I plant it inside my living room brother.  I plant it inside my living room brother.  I see a very big Mucky Mouse inside the house, I see a very big Mucky Mouse inside the house, I see a very big Mucky Mouse inside the house, I thought he might not be able to come, so let's go for the gym thought he might not be able to come, so let's go for the gym thought he might not be able to come, so let's go for the gym for now, then we will do it for now, then we will do it for now, then we will do it later in the day, so let's go and later in the day, so let's go and later in the day, so let's go and see today Avantika is also ready brother, does she get see today Avantika is also ready brother, does she get see today Avantika is also ready brother, does she get up early in the morning for the gym sometimes up early in the morning for the gym sometimes up early in the morning for the gym sometimes brother, everyone is sleeping right now, see no one has woken up, let's brother, everyone is sleeping right now, see no one has woken up, let's brother, everyone is sleeping right now, see no one has woken up, let's go for the time being, but no problem.  If we have our own gym then but no problem.  If we have our own gym then but no problem.  If we have our own gym then we can use a tripod. Brother, it is completely dark here.   No Brother, it is completely dark here.   No Brother, it is completely dark here.   No one has even woken one has even woken one has even woken us up yet. Wow Wow Wow brother, I will come to the basement and first look here properly like this. brother, I will come to the basement and first look here properly like this. Ram Brother, today something magical has happened, look Sahil has woken up brother, the Brother, today something magical has happened, look Sahil has woken up brother, the Brother, today something magical has happened, look Sahil has woken up brother, the gym is open early in the morning brother, now we will have to do something new, a gym is open early in the morning brother, now we will have to do something new, a gym is open early in the morning brother, now we will have to do something new, a new mat has also come, so he is getting excited, new mat has also come, so he is getting excited, yes the new mat has brought some good mood, look matter, did yes the new mat has brought some good mood, look matter, did yes the new mat has brought some good mood, look matter, did you wake up so early or did you not sleep the whole night, no no, I woke up, you wake up so early or did you not sleep the whole night, no no, I woke up, and and and wow friend, this one has wow friend, this one has wow friend, this one has also come to keep, also come to keep, also come to keep, now wake up Piyush friend. now wake up Piyush friend. now wake up Piyush friend. Why?  Why don't you get up, friend? Why?  Why don't you get up, friend? Why?  Why don't you get up, friend? Hey, what is this? Hey, what is this? Hey, what is this? Hey, what is this? It is like this only.   He will It is like this only.   He will It is like this only.   He will eat all this along with Jim.   There eat all this along with Jim.   There eat all this along with Jim.   There are snacks. are snacks. Take some good diet.  Look at this. Take some good diet.  Look at this. Take some good diet.  Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Pre-workout. Pre-workout. Pre-workout. Wow. Wow. Wow. Pre-workout. Pre-workout. Pre-workout. Hey guys, this is not a promotion guys.  This should not be Hey guys, this is not a promotion guys.  This should not be Hey guys, this is not a promotion guys.  This should not be drunk. drunk. drunk. And this protein brother.   Okay, let And this protein brother.   Okay, let And this protein brother.   Okay, let me eat this. Wow.  Sahil surprised me by Wow.  Sahil surprised me by Wow.  Sahil surprised me by coming here early in the morning today. coming here early in the morning today. coming here early in the morning today. Come on, that's great, friend.   Okay, if Come on, that's great, friend.   Okay, if Come on, that's great, friend.   Okay, if you do it then we will be done.   Done. you do it then we will be done.   Done. Come on brother, I am going to drink protein. Come on brother, I am going to drink protein. Come on brother, I am going to drink protein. Where are you going? Where are you going? Where are you going? Protein drink. Protein drink. Protein drink. Protein drink.   Yes. Protein drink.   Yes. Protein drink.   Yes. Earlier it was said that protein is not good. Earlier it was said that protein is not good. Earlier it was said that protein is not good. This does not happen. This does not happen. This does not happen. I will drink a little.   Guys, look, I will drink a little.   Guys, look, I will drink a little.   Guys, look, earlier you yourself used to say that protein is earlier you yourself used to say that protein is earlier you yourself used to say that protein is not good.  Like this, that you yourself are going to not good.  Like this, that you yourself are going to not good.  Like this, that you yourself are going to drink protein.  Look drink protein.  Look drink protein.  Look I drink a little.  You drink so much.   Don't I drink a little.  You drink so much.   Don't say protein now.  She sends me a reel.  I say protein now.  She sends me a reel.  I say protein now.  She sends me a reel.  I know guys.  Reel sends me that know guys.  Reel sends me that know guys.  Reel sends me that protein is not good.  it does not.   It does protein is not good.  it does not.   It does protein is not good.  it does not.   It does n't happen. Guys has become a parrot at the moment.  I'm out. Guys has become a parrot at the moment.  I'm out. Guys has become a parrot at the moment.  I'm out. We will have to postpone the rainy season.  So We will have to postpone the rainy season.  So We will have to postpone the rainy season.  So brother, I am thinking, look, here brother, I am thinking, look, here brother, I am thinking, look, here we have a complete double height area.  This empty we have a complete double height area.  This empty we have a complete double height area.  This empty area can be placed here.  It will area can be placed here.  It will area can be placed here.  It will come all the way from here to here and it will also look great come all the way from here to here and it will also look great come all the way from here to here and it will also look great from above.  The rain has become very heavy. from above.  The rain has become very heavy. from above.  The rain has become very heavy. Look, let's take it inside for now.  For now Look, let's take it inside for now.  For now we have covered it here.   Let's we have covered it here.   Let's we have covered it here.   Let's remove this as well.  Guys, at present remove this as well.  Guys, at present remove this as well.  Guys, at present we have completely vacated this area.  So we have completely vacated this area.  So we have completely vacated this area.  So look how cool it looks.  It will feel even more look how cool it looks.  It will feel even more look how cool it looks.  It will feel even more fun when it comes here. fun when it comes here. fun when it comes here. When it will swell up to the top, then see, this is the advantage of double height, When it will swell up to the top, then see, this is the advantage of double height, When it will swell up to the top, then see, this is the advantage of double height, we can do anything in it up to the top.  The we can do anything in it up to the top.  The we can do anything in it up to the top.  The slide was also about to come slide was also about to come slide was also about to come but it has not come yet.  When it comes, you will but it has not come yet.  When it comes, you will but it has not come yet.  When it comes, you will see that we will come down from the top in a great slide. see that we will come down from the top in a great slide. Olu come here Olu come here Olu come here what are you doing Sardar?   I am what are you doing Sardar?   I am what are you doing Sardar?   I am putting it here. putting it here. putting it here. What? What? What? in the living room. in the living room. in the living room. Mickey Mouse? Mickey Mouse? Mickey Mouse? Yes.  Isn't it raining outside? Yes.  Isn't it raining outside? Yes.  Isn't it raining outside? Okay, now let's play here.   You will enjoy it. Okay, now let's play here.   You will enjoy it. Now it will be a lot of fun, friend.  Now I was feeling hot. Now it will be a lot of fun, friend.  Now I was feeling hot. Now it will be a lot of fun, friend.  Now I was feeling hot. Now I won't even feel hot.   It's Now I won't even feel hot.   It's Now I won't even feel hot.   It's great to walk like this. great to walk like this. great to walk like this. Yes, it was feeling hot. Yes, it was feeling hot. Yes, it was feeling hot. So brother, Macy Mouse has arrived.  Now it has to be So brother, Macy Mouse has arrived.  Now it has to be So brother, Macy Mouse has arrived.  Now it has to be inflated. So brother, the fun is about to begin. So brother, the fun is about to begin. So brother, the fun is about to begin. How will it feel to have the Mi Mouse indoors?   It will be a How will it feel to have the Mi Mouse indoors?   It will be a How will it feel to have the Mi Mouse indoors?   It will be a lot of fun. lot of fun. lot of fun. Everyone inflates it outside.  No one must have blown it inside the house till date. Everyone inflates it outside.  No one must have blown it inside the house till date. And And And just make sure it doesn't hit the sandal.  Let's just make sure it doesn't hit the sandal.  Let's just make sure it doesn't hit the sandal.  Let's ask brother.  Brother, has anyone planted it in the house ask brother.  Brother, has anyone planted it in the house ask brother.  Brother, has anyone planted it in the house till date? till date? till date? No friend, this is your first time. No friend, this is your first time. No friend, this is your first time. First time? First time? First time? First time.   Will First time.   Will First time.   Will this not stick to the sandals?   It this not stick to the sandals?   It this not stick to the sandals?   It is quite far.   It is quite far.   It is quite far.   It is far away.  Okay brother, I was scared it might get stuck on is far away.  Okay brother, I was scared it might get stuck on is far away.  Okay brother, I was scared it might get stuck on this one, but it won't get stuck, let's turn on this one, but it won't get stuck, let's turn on this one, but it won't get stuck, let's turn on its light too. Come on, today its light too. Come on, today its light too. Come on, today we never turn on its light, look at the sandals, today we we never turn on its light, look at the sandals, today we we never turn on its light, look at the sandals, today we turned it on, our whole living room is shining so nicely, turned it on, our whole living room is shining so nicely, turned it on, our whole living room is shining so nicely, what happened, I got what happened, I got what happened, I got excited, excited, excited, now don't jump in it, jump in it, if you now don't jump in it, jump in it, if you now don't jump in it, jump in it, if you leave it, leave it, leave it, this sofa will break while it is being built, brother, jump on it to your heart's content, this sofa will break while it is being built, brother, jump on it to your heart's content, brother, finally we brother, finally we brother, finally we need more space, are we running out of space, have need more space, are we running out of space, have n't we, friend, if we have, we should move n't we, friend, if we have, we should move n't we, friend, if we have, we should move this, then we will remove these this, then we will remove these this, then we will remove these sofas, all of them, sofas, all of them, sofas, all of them, now we are fitting the motor in it, after that, now we are fitting the motor in it, after that, now we are fitting the motor in it, after that, then just turn on the button and straight up to the top, Sonali is very excited, then just turn on the button and straight up to the top, Sonali is very excited, brother, let's see how it looks, oh friend, move this one, we will have to move this one too, oh this one is coming too far, it won't fit, guys, we are moving all these things for a while because it is brother, let's see how it looks, oh friend, move this one, we will have to move this one too, oh this one is coming too far, it won't fit, guys, we are moving all these things for a while because it is not able to come in, look at how big our Mucky Mouse is, just look at this a little, oh brother, brother, what is happening, brother, what is happening, guys, look how cool it looks inside the house, look at how cool it looks inside the house, after that, just turn on the button and straight up, Sonali is very excited, brother, let's see how it looks, oh friend, move this one, we will have to move this one too, oh this one is coming too far, it won't fit, guys, we are moving not able to come in, look at how big our Mucky Mouse is, just look at this a little, oh brother, brother, what is happening, brother, what is happening, guys, look how cool it looks inside the house, look at how cool it looks inside the house, after that, just turn on the button and straight up, Sonali is very excited, brother, let's see how it looks, oh friend, move this one, we will have to move this one too, oh this one is coming too far, it won't fit, guys, we are moving all these things for a while because it is not able to come in, look at all these things for a while because it is not able to come in, look at all these things for a while because it is not able to come in, look at how big it is, just look at this a little, oh brother, brother, how big it is, just look at this a little, oh brother, brother, what is happening, brother, what is happening, what is happening, brother, what is happening, what is happening, brother, what is happening, guys, look how cool it looks inside the house, guys, look how cool it looks inside the house, guys, look how cool it looks inside the house, look how cool it looks inside the house, look how cool it looks inside the house, look how cool it looks inside the house, Brother, Sonali has already gone Brother, Sonali has already gone Brother, Sonali has already gone and everyone has also come, look, and everyone has also come, look, and everyone has also come, look, we have kept all the sofas aside, so we have kept all the sofas aside, so we have kept all the sofas aside, so look at this brother, it looks better in the house, look at this brother, it looks better in the house, look at this brother, it looks better in the house, guys, it looks very close from here, guys, it looks very close from here, guys, it looks very close from here, look how cool it looks brother, look how cool it looks brother, where have you placed our Mucky Mouse in the entire living room, look, I have placed it where have you placed our Mucky Mouse in the entire living room, look, I have placed it where have you placed our Mucky Mouse in the entire living room, look, I have placed it here, it looks even cooler here brother.  Guys, cooler here brother.  Guys, cooler here brother.  Guys, watch from my room.  It will look great from here. watch from my room.  It will look great from here. watch from my room.  It will look great from here. Look, it is completely visible from here.  Brother Look, it is completely visible from here.  Brother Look, it is completely visible from here.  Brother Avantika was also shocked after seeing this.   Should we Avantika was also shocked after seeing this.   Should we go immediately?   Let us go.   Come on guys. go immediately?   Let us go.   Come on guys. go immediately?   Let us go.   Come on guys. So let's go now.  Look how cool it looks.  So So let's go now.  Look how cool it looks.  So So let's go now.  Look how cool it looks.  So now let's go upstairs.  Let's see how it looks from above. now let's go upstairs.  Let's see how it looks from above. [MUSIC] It's very difficult to make this, brother.  [Music] Brother Piyush is saying I will jump from there. Brother Piyush is saying I will jump from there. Brother Piyush is saying I will jump from there. What are you doing brother?  Don't do it, don't do it.  No no, don't do it, don't do it.  Do What are you doing brother?  Don't do it, don't do it.  No no, don't do it, don't do it.  Do What are you doing brother?  Don't do it, don't do it.  No no, don't do it, don't do it.  Do n't do it brother.  It is not safe.  It n't do it brother.  It is not safe.  It n't do it brother.  It is not safe.  It will fall down here.  Look, it can fall here too. will fall down here.  Look, it can fall here too. will fall down here.  Look, it can fall here too. This is not safe.  Please don't do that.  Don't do it, don't do it. This is not safe.  Please don't do that.  Don't do it, don't do it. This is not safe.  Please don't do that.  Don't do it, don't do it. Brother, I don't trust Brother, I don't trust Brother, I don't trust Piyush.  Do this also. Piyush.  Do this also. Piyush.  Do this also. Hey, you have come. Hey, you have come. Hey, you have come. Let's play catch.   For example, Let's play catch.   For example, Let's play catch.   For example, suppose Kunal was flirting with me, the suppose Kunal was flirting with me, the suppose Kunal was flirting with me, the description came to me.  Then I description came to me.  Then I description came to me.  Then I sent the photo to you.  What to tag by tagging sent the photo to you.  What to tag by tagging sent the photo to you.  What to tag by tagging ? ? ? Kunal, jump to your heart's content today.  To my heart's content. Kunal, jump to your heart's content today.  To my heart's content. Kunal, jump to your heart's content today.  To my heart's content. Jump as much as you want today.  Guys, it's Jump as much as you want today.  Guys, it's Jump as much as you want today.  Guys, it's more fun inside the house because it's not more fun inside the house because it's not more fun inside the house because it's not too hot here.  The AC is running too hot here.  The AC is running too hot here.  The AC is running here, right? Guys, let's just stop this for now, Guys, let's just stop this for now, Guys, let's just stop this for now, bro.  Everyone has played a lot.  Look brother, Papa ji bro.  Everyone has played a lot.  Look brother, Papa ji bro.  Everyone has played a lot.  Look brother, Papa ji himself stopped it.  Kunali, its air is about to come out. himself stopped it.  Kunali, its air is about to come out. No. No. No. Now its air will go out on its own.  Look Kunal, don't go like this.  The air is coming out.  He will fall. Kunal, don't go like this.  The air is coming out.  He will fall. Turn it off, it is going Turn it off, it is going Turn it off, it is going down on its own down on its own down on its own brother, the air is coming out, it is falling, it is brother, the air is coming out, it is falling, it is brother, the air is coming out, it is falling, it is falling on its own but it has become completely silent, falling on its own but it has become completely silent, falling on its own but it has become completely silent, see as soon as it is turned off because the motor was see as soon as it is turned off because the motor was see as soon as it is turned off because the motor was making noise, Kunali, don't go, it will get stuck, it will get stuck, making noise, Kunali, don't go, it will get stuck, it will get stuck, yes, go, go, yes, go, go, yes, go, go, sit on top, the whole sit on top, the whole sit on top, the whole Kunali will drown, will get lost inside it, he got lost Kunali will drown, will get lost inside it, he got lost Kunali will drown, will get lost inside it, he got lost brother, Kunali got lost, he drowned inside it, brother, Kunali got lost, he drowned inside it, brother, Kunali got lost, he drowned inside it, see Kunali went above you, he came out of it, come, come, hey see Kunali went above you, he came out of it, come, come, hey Kunali, hey, how will he come back, he will come out slowly, slowly, guys, how will he come back, he will come out slowly, slowly, guys, now we are watching now we are watching now we are watching Piyush, Piyush is live, see this, guys, Piyush, Piyush is live, see this, guys, Piyush, Piyush is live, see this, guys, now see, it has become normal, we have now see, it has become normal, we have now see, it has become normal, we have removed the mucky mouse from here and look, today we removed the mucky mouse from here and look, today we removed the mucky mouse from here and look, today we also lit this sandal, we don't light this also, also lit this sandal, we don't light this also, also lit this sandal, we don't light this also, we did not light this one also, guys, we did not light this one also, guys, we did not light this one also, guys, see how see how see how a blogger's room looks like and a blogger's room looks like and a blogger's room looks like and what all is kept in his bed.  Look at this.   The what all is kept in his bed.  Look at this.   The what all is kept in his bed.  Look at this.   The mike is lying here.  SSD mike is lying here.  SSD mike is lying here.  SSD cards are lying here.  It is lying 360. cards are lying here.  It is lying 360. cards are lying here.  It is lying 360. Why have you kept a drone Why have you kept a drone Why have you kept a drone here?  We keep the drone nearby so that here?  We keep the drone nearby so that here?  We keep the drone nearby so that as soon as the weather improves, we cannot see it. as soon as the weather improves, we cannot see it. as soon as the weather improves, we cannot see it. Drones fly directly from the balcony.  Look at this. Drones fly directly from the balcony.  Look at this. Drones fly directly from the balcony.  Look at this. Now setting up.  And look here, there Now setting up.  And look here, there Now setting up.  And look here, there is a camera lying there.  There are two cameras lying here. is a camera lying there.  There are two cameras lying here. is a camera lying there.  There are two cameras lying here. And brother, look, let me show you one more thing. And brother, look, let me show you one more thing. And brother, look, let me show you one more thing. These These These fruits are kept here.   I have fruits are kept here.   I have fruits are kept here.   I have ordered it for you. ordered it for you. ordered it for you. Yes, that means it should look exactly like a hotel.  You don't Yes, that means it should look exactly like a hotel.  You don't Yes, that means it should look exactly like a hotel.  You don't lack a single thing.  Let's lack a single thing.  Let's lack a single thing.  Let's edit it.  I will also shoot something till then. edit it.  I will also shoot something till then. edit it.  I will also shoot something till then. Ok? Ok? Ok? What are you shooting?  What is this? What are you shooting?  What is this? What are you shooting?  What is this? What are you applying? What are you applying? What are you applying? Hey friend, I am preparing for the shoot. Hey friend, I am preparing for the shoot. Hey friend, I am preparing for the shoot. Tell me what is it? Tell me what is it? Tell me what is it? Hey, this doesn't curl the hair.   They Hey, this doesn't curl the hair.   They Hey, this doesn't curl the hair.   They wander around like this. wander around like this. wander around like this. What will happen with that?  If we go around, we will.   You will like it, What will happen with that?  If we go around, we will.   You will like it, What will happen with that?  If we go around, we will.   You will like it, what else will happen? what else will happen? what else will happen? Different things every day Different things every day Different things every day brother, what happened to the Mucky Mouse you put inside the house brother, what happened to the Mucky Mouse you put inside the house brother, what happened to the Mucky Mouse you put inside the house ? ? ? So for now I will end this vlog.  If you like it So for now I will end this vlog.  If you like it So for now I will end this vlog.  If you like it then please like it.  Please subscribe to the channel. then please like it.  Please subscribe to the channel. then please like it.  Please subscribe to the channel. See you in the next vlog.  Thank See you in the next vlog.  Thank See you in the next vlog.  Thank you so much for watching.  Bye. Oh