One day, as a One day, as a One day, as a medical student, I woke up and knew that today at my medical student, I woke up and knew that today at my medical student, I woke up and knew that today at my university we were going to a university we were going to a university we were going to a health clinic, so I got ready and made health clinic, so I got ready and made health clinic, so I got ready and made my breakfast.  And no, it's not an my breakfast.  And no, it's not an my breakfast.  And no, it's not an internship, we were just doing a internship, we were just doing a internship, we were just doing a project about painting exhibitions.  We project about painting exhibitions.  We project about painting exhibitions.  We spoke with several families and it was great spoke with several families and it was great spoke with several families and it was great .  So, to make it clear that this .  So, to make it clear that this .  So, to make it clear that this wasn't an internship, we weren't wasn't an internship, we weren't wasn't an internship, we weren't attending to anyone.  And then I came back, attending to anyone.  And then I came back, attending to anyone.  And then I came back, went straight to lunch with my family, and got ready went straight to lunch with my family, and got ready went straight to lunch with my family, and got ready , guys, so I could get , guys, so I could get , guys, so I could get my lips touched up, which takes an my lips touched up, which takes an my lips touched up, which takes an hour to get there and an hour to get back. hour to get there and an hour to get back. hour to get there and an hour to get back. It's very far, so it took me too long. It's very far, so it took me too long. It's very far, so it took me too long. I got home, it was already kind of late, I got home, it was already kind of late, I got home, it was already kind of late, I spent some time with my sister, had I spent some time with my sister, had I spent some time with my sister, had an afternoon coffee and an afternoon coffee and an afternoon coffee and rested a bit so I could go to the gym. rested a bit so I could go to the gym. rested a bit so I could go to the gym. Guys, I ate something before the gym, Guys, I ate something before the gym, Guys, I ate something before the gym, met up with Lelê, and we're off to work out. met up with Lelê, and we're off to work out. met up with Lelê, and we're off to work out. Quadriceps workout, plus 30 minutes on the Quadriceps workout, plus 30 minutes on the Quadriceps workout, plus 30 minutes on the stairs.  I went back home, had dinner, and saw what stairs.  I went back home, had dinner, and saw what stairs.  I went back home, had dinner, and saw what my mom was doing, guys. my mom was doing, guys. my mom was doing, guys. Right after that I took a nice hot shower, Right after that I took a nice hot shower, Right after that I took a nice hot shower, called Kauan, and went to sleep.