Where are you from?  Are? Where are you from?  Are? Where are you from?  Are? London. London. London. We are also coming to London very soon.  There we are coming We are also coming to London very soon.  There we are coming We are also coming to London very soon.  There we are coming to WB Arena very soon. to WB Arena very soon. to WB Arena very soon. Oh nice welcome Amashi.   Thank Oh nice welcome Amashi.   Thank Oh nice welcome Amashi.   Thank you.  I will give you a pass, don't buy a ticket.   Hi Hi, you.  I will give you a pass, don't buy a ticket.   Hi Hi, okay.  She will give this pass to her husband.  Don't okay.  She will give this pass to her husband.  Don't okay.  She will give this pass to her husband.  Don't worry. worry. worry. No she is not married.  Are you married? No she is not married.  Are you married? No she is not married.  Are you married? I am married. I am married. I am married. Purchase tickets sold online. Purchase tickets sold online. Purchase tickets sold online. Look at this.   Is it made of Look at this.   Is it made of Look at this.   Is it made of gold?  Hey, I didn't ask in a hurry. gold?  Hey, I didn't ask in a hurry. [laughs] I did [laughs] I did [laughs] I did n't ask, I mean, how will an unconscious person answer? n't ask, I mean, how will an unconscious person answer? n't ask, I mean, how will an unconscious person answer? And you were not ashamed. I took And you were not ashamed. I took And you were not ashamed. I took out the ring of an unconscious person and brought it. I took out the ring of an unconscious person and brought it. I took out the ring of an unconscious person and brought it. I took out the ring from the finger of my original father and out the ring from the finger of my original father and out the ring from the finger of my original father and brought it. What is an original father? brought it. What is an original father? brought it. What is an original father? Your father's ISI mark is on him. Your father's ISI mark is on him. Your father's ISI mark is on him. Why do you want a saree? You are looking better in these clothes. Why do you want a saree? You are looking better in these clothes. My mother says that I look much better in these clothes. You My mother says that I look much better in these clothes. You should not pay much attention to what mom and dad say. They look at you with love. should not pay much attention to what mom and dad say. They look at you with love. should not pay much attention to what mom and dad say. They look at you with love. Look at us a lot, Look at us a lot, Look at us a lot, but keep one thing in mind. I am but keep one thing in mind. I am but keep one thing in mind. I am giving you one advice.  Never sit at home together. giving you one advice.  Never sit at home together. giving you one advice.  Never sit at home together. Otherwise, someone might think that you will take off your clothes and Otherwise, someone might think that you will take off your clothes and Otherwise, someone might think that you will take off your clothes and sit upside down.