So, oh, it's hot. So, oh, it's hot. So, oh, it's hot. Yeah, my Har Tish baby loves to help Yeah, my Har Tish baby loves to help Yeah, my Har Tish baby loves to help mama. Hi my friends. mama. Hi my friends. mama. Hi my friends. Since Ganesh Chaturthi is coming, Since Ganesh Chaturthi is coming, Since Ganesh Chaturthi is coming, we're fasting. we're fasting. we're fasting. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. My beautiful, beautiful temple My beautiful, beautiful temple My beautiful, beautiful temple with our roses with our roses with our roses from our rose bush outside. from our rose bush outside. from our rose bush outside. We're fasting this month for the whole We're fasting this month for the whole We're fasting this month for the whole month for Shravan. And we'll say prayers month for Shravan. And we'll say prayers month for Shravan. And we'll say prayers for you guys as well. Today, I'm going for you guys as well. Today, I'm going for you guys as well. Today, I'm going to be making to be making to be making chana rolls, which is a very, very uh chana rolls, which is a very, very uh chana rolls, which is a very, very uh big thing in Goa. So, we're going to be big thing in Goa. So, we're going to be big thing in Goa. So, we're going to be making that today. My Har Tish baby making that today. My Har Tish baby making that today. My Har Tish baby loves to help mama cook. So, he's over loves to help mama cook. So, he's over loves to help mama cook. So, he's over here washing the rice for me. here washing the rice for me. here washing the rice for me. We have the corn over here. We have our We have the corn over here. We have our We have the corn over here. We have our blender out because we're going to start blender out because we're going to start blender out because we're going to start doing doing doing our masala mixture for the chana rolls. our masala mixture for the chana rolls. our masala mixture for the chana rolls. Here, I make my own masala. And here's Here, I make my own masala. And here's Here, I make my own masala. And here's our beans. We're going to be doing the our beans. We're going to be doing the our beans. We're going to be doing the green whole peas. green whole peas. green whole peas. So, So, So, this is the roasted masala here, all the this is the roasted masala here, all the this is the roasted masala here, all the whole spices. whole spices. whole spices. Har Tish, my baby, is over here. He's Har Tish, my baby, is over here. He's Har Tish, my baby, is over here. He's roasting the coconut, freshly grated roasting the coconut, freshly grated roasting the coconut, freshly grated coconut. This is our rice that we're going to This is our rice that we're going to This is our rice that we're going to start boiling. start boiling. start boiling. I'm making Lavish's plate. He has papad, I'm making Lavish's plate. He has papad, I'm making Lavish's plate. He has papad, corn on the cob, rice, and then we have corn on the cob, rice, and then we have corn on the cob, rice, and then we have some chana rolls right here, guys. And some chana rolls right here, guys. And some chana rolls right here, guys. And this is for Har Tish, papad, pickle. He this is for Har Tish, papad, pickle. He this is for Har Tish, papad, pickle. He has salad, cucumber salad, rice, and has salad, cucumber salad, rice, and has salad, cucumber salad, rice, and then we got some chana rolls that I'm then we got some chana rolls that I'm then we got some chana rolls that I'm going to be putting on his plate. going to be putting on his plate. going to be putting on his plate. Okay, let's put some chana rolls on your Okay, let's put some chana rolls on your Okay, let's put some chana rolls on your plate. plate. plate. Yum, yum, and the yum, yum. This is Har Yum, yum, and the yum, yum. This is Har Yum, yum, and the yum, yum. This is Har Tish's favorite Tish's favorite Tish's favorite all the time. all the time. all the time. You want You want You want >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> More, more, more, more? >> More, more, more, more? >> More, more, more, more? >> Yeah, I want all of it. >> Yeah, I want all of it. >> Yeah, I want all of it. >> All of it. >> All of it. >> All of it. Boys, let's try. What do you He's like, I don't know what What do you He's like, I don't know what What do you He's like, I don't know what to eat first. to eat first. to eat first. >> I don't know. I don't know. >> I don't know. I don't know. >> I don't know. I don't know. >> Just take a small bite and go, "Oh, it's >> Just take a small bite and go, "Oh, it's >> Just take a small bite and go, "Oh, it's hot." hot." hot." >> It's really hot. >> It's really hot. >> It's really hot. >> Just take a little bit just to show >> Just take a little bit just to show >> Just take a little bit just to show everybody and then you can let it cool everybody and then you can let it cool everybody and then you can let it cool down. Eat. Oh, yummy, yummy. Oh, yummy, yummy. Oh, yummy, yummy. That's his favorite. He loves papad. That's his favorite. He loves papad. That's his favorite. He loves papad. With some chutney, no? You don't have to eat it all. Oh my goodness, you're making a mess. Oh my goodness, you're making a mess. Oh my goodness, you're making a mess. Good. Good. Is it good? Good. Good. Is it good? Good. Good. Is it good? One out OF 10? One out OF 10? One out OF 10? GOOD. GOOD. GOOD. ALL RIGHT, BOYS, ENJOY.