Hello everyone, welcome to Model Kit Hello everyone, welcome to Model Kit Hello everyone, welcome to Model Kit Stuff. My name is Jason and today we've Stuff. My name is Jason and today we've Stuff. My name is Jason and today we've got a product review for you. Clear tint got a product review for you. Clear tint got a product review for you. Clear tint masking magic from Deluxe Materials. masking magic from Deluxe Materials. masking magic from Deluxe Materials. What's that all about then? Yes, welcome along everyone. It's Yes, welcome along everyone. It's Yes, welcome along everyone. It's another product review. So, masking another product review. So, masking another product review. So, masking magic, what would you need a masking magic, what would you need a masking magic, what would you need a masking fluid for? Well, many of us who've been fluid for? Well, many of us who've been fluid for? Well, many of us who've been modeling for a long time grew up with a modeling for a long time grew up with a modeling for a long time grew up with a product called Maskol by Humbrol, which product called Maskol by Humbrol, which product called Maskol by Humbrol, which is like a is like a is like a a liquid latex that you put on clear a liquid latex that you put on clear a liquid latex that you put on clear parts so that you don't paint over them. parts so that you don't paint over them. parts so that you don't paint over them. Um Um Um and then more recently for clear parts and then more recently for clear parts and then more recently for clear parts people have used people have used people have used these masking tapes for masking, but these masking tapes for masking, but these masking tapes for masking, but quite a lot of them these days require quite a lot of them these days require quite a lot of them these days require you to mask in the middle anyway and you to mask in the middle anyway and you to mask in the middle anyway and they just have the outer where you've they just have the outer where you've they just have the outer where you've got a shaped got a shaped got a shaped glass dome. But, you also might want to glass dome. But, you also might want to glass dome. But, you also might want to use masking for things like camouflage use masking for things like camouflage use masking for things like camouflage schemes, schemes, schemes, masking off areas of a vehicle while masking off areas of a vehicle while masking off areas of a vehicle while you're touching up or painting some you're touching up or painting some you're touching up or painting some detail parts. It has lots and lots of um detail parts. It has lots and lots of um detail parts. It has lots and lots of um possibilities. You can mask plastic, you possibilities. You can mask plastic, you possibilities. You can mask plastic, you can mask metal, you can pretty much mask can mask metal, you can pretty much mask can mask metal, you can pretty much mask any hard surface. Although on wood you'd any hard surface. Although on wood you'd any hard surface. Although on wood you'd want to make sure that wood is sealed want to make sure that wood is sealed want to make sure that wood is sealed and cleared cuz it can stick in the and cleared cuz it can stick in the and cleared cuz it can stick in the grain. Um grain. Um grain. Um So, So, So, yeah, yeah, yeah, this is a product I've not tried before this is a product I've not tried before this is a product I've not tried before so we're going to give it a go. so we're going to give it a go. so we're going to give it a go. I I came recently to my Maskol I've not I I came recently to my Maskol I've not I I came recently to my Maskol I've not used for a little while and it was set used for a little while and it was set used for a little while and it was set hard so I thought let's try something hard so I thought let's try something hard so I thought let's try something different. Now the instructions tell me different. Now the instructions tell me different. Now the instructions tell me I need to give this a good shake. So, I need to give this a good shake. So, I need to give this a good shake. So, that's what we're going to do. that's what we're going to do. that's what we're going to do. Um the bottle looks about 3/4 full. Um the bottle looks about 3/4 full. Um the bottle looks about 3/4 full. Um it tells us on here that we've got 40 Um it tells us on here that we've got 40 Um it tells us on here that we've got 40 g of product. g of product. g of product. So, we've given it a good shake So, we've given it a good shake So, we've given it a good shake and I've got these and I've got these and I've got these masking sets which came off eBay. Let's masking sets which came off eBay. Let's masking sets which came off eBay. Let's see if we can get the camera to focus. see if we can get the camera to focus. see if we can get the camera to focus. There we go. And the problem I have with There we go. And the problem I have with There we go. And the problem I have with them is actually the masks are a bit them is actually the masks are a bit them is actually the masks are a bit small and you can see the glass. small and you can see the glass. small and you can see the glass. So, they don't actually work and So, they don't actually work and So, they don't actually work and I'm not happy with this one either. It I'm not happy with this one either. It I'm not happy with this one either. It it doesn't quite reach across. it doesn't quite reach across. it doesn't quite reach across. Uh so, I'm actually going to try this Uh so, I'm actually going to try this Uh so, I'm actually going to try this masking product instead of the paint masking product instead of the paint masking product instead of the paint masks. So, we're going to get rid of the masks. So, we're going to get rid of the masks. So, we're going to get rid of the paint masks. That was a waste of time, paint masks. That was a waste of time, paint masks. That was a waste of time, wasn't it? And get straight into our masking fluid. get straight into our masking fluid. get straight into our masking fluid. So, with the top taken off, what we've So, with the top taken off, what we've So, with the top taken off, what we've got is got is got is a fairly a fairly a fairly gloopy, thick gloopy, thick gloopy, thick clear product that's clear product that's clear product that's reminds me very much of Maskol. Um the reminds me very much of Maskol. Um the reminds me very much of Maskol. Um the difference is this is going to dry difference is this is going to dry difference is this is going to dry translucent rather than solid pink. translucent rather than solid pink. translucent rather than solid pink. So, I'm hoping that we're going to be So, I'm hoping that we're going to be So, I'm hoping that we're going to be able to see where we are. Why is that important? I where we are. Why is that important? I where we are. Why is that important? I can hear you thinking. Well, on clear can hear you thinking. Well, on clear can hear you thinking. Well, on clear parts possibly not, but if you're parts possibly not, but if you're parts possibly not, but if you're masking detail cuz you're going to be masking detail cuz you're going to be masking detail cuz you're going to be painting round it you might want to see painting round it you might want to see painting round it you might want to see what's beneath it. So, what's beneath it. So, what's beneath it. So, that's what stirred my interest in this that's what stirred my interest in this that's what stirred my interest in this product. product. product. Now, I've got to say because it's thick Now, I've got to say because it's thick Now, I've got to say because it's thick and gloopy it's quite easy to get right and gloopy it's quite easy to get right and gloopy it's quite easy to get right up to the edge. So, I like that about it. So, I like that about it. So, I like that about it. And it's not drying and I'm pulling off And it's not drying and I'm pulling off And it's not drying and I'm pulling off like Maskol sometimes does. You can see like Maskol sometimes does. You can see like Maskol sometimes does. You can see I'm able to I'm able to I'm able to go back over it go back over it go back over it and it's not pulling. and it's not pulling. and it's not pulling. So, the drying time on the bottle is So, the drying time on the bottle is So, the drying time on the bottle is recommended at 2 to 3 hours. recommended at 2 to 3 hours. recommended at 2 to 3 hours. So, that gives you loads and loads of So, that gives you loads and loads of So, that gives you loads and loads of time time time to get this right up to the edges where to get this right up to the edges where to get this right up to the edges where you want it. Yeah, that's gone down really well Yeah, that's gone down really well Yeah, that's gone down really well actually. That's been actually. That's been actually. That's been very easy to do. very easy to do. very easy to do. So, let's try a little bit more. So, So, let's try a little bit more. So, So, let's try a little bit more. So, I'll take a bit more out of the cap. I'll take a bit more out of the cap. I'll take a bit more out of the cap. I'm just going to put the cap back on I'm just going to put the cap back on I'm just going to put the cap back on for now. I think with these sort of for now. I think with these sort of for now. I think with these sort of products it's always best to keep the products it's always best to keep the products it's always best to keep the air out as long as you can. So, this is quite a curved It's a dome-shaped piece of glass. Do you know what? There is so much Do you know what? There is so much Do you know what? There is so much control of this product. Okay, I'm just going to put a little bit Okay, I'm just going to put a little bit Okay, I'm just going to put a little bit more on just more on just more on just about embraces. I'm going to take some about embraces. I'm going to take some about embraces. I'm going to take some from inside the bottle. from inside the bottle. from inside the bottle. Yeah, so that's no different than what's Yeah, so that's no different than what's Yeah, so that's no different than what's in the cap. It's not like we had some in the cap. It's not like we had some in the cap. It's not like we had some dried stuff in the cap. So, I put it on quite thick, but it So, I put it on quite thick, but it So, I put it on quite thick, but it looks like it already looks where it's drying to be quite clear. to be quite clear. to be quite clear. Don't know why my uh Don't know why my uh Don't know why my uh camera's not wanting to focus today. So, I just want to make sure that I'm So, I just want to make sure that I'm So, I just want to make sure that I'm right up to the edges. I think I am. right up to the edges. I think I am. right up to the edges. I think I am. So, using a paint mask when I have So, using a paint mask when I have So, using a paint mask when I have finished with the with the mask and the finished with the with the mask and the finished with the with the mask and the painting and I remove the mask painting and I remove the mask painting and I remove the mask inevitably I have some clean up around inevitably I have some clean up around inevitably I have some clean up around the edges where the mask hasn't quite the edges where the mask hasn't quite the edges where the mask hasn't quite perfectly fitted and that's always perfectly fitted and that's always perfectly fitted and that's always bothered me, but it still saved me a lot bothered me, but it still saved me a lot bothered me, but it still saved me a lot of time on cutting my own masks. That's of time on cutting my own masks. That's of time on cutting my own masks. That's why I use them. But, I'm now wondering why I use them. But, I'm now wondering why I use them. But, I'm now wondering if actually it's quicker for me to just if actually it's quicker for me to just if actually it's quicker for me to just use masking fluid. use masking fluid. use masking fluid. Now, one of the reasons that I sort of Now, one of the reasons that I sort of Now, one of the reasons that I sort of moved away from using masking fluid was moved away from using masking fluid was moved away from using masking fluid was the lack of control the lack of control the lack of control and the fact that it dried really and the fact that it dried really and the fact that it dried really quickly quickly quickly meant that you couldn't manipulate it meant that you couldn't manipulate it meant that you couldn't manipulate it and you're pulling it off. Uh and it was and you're pulling it off. Uh and it was and you're pulling it off. Uh and it was almost more work almost more work almost more work putting the masking on than putting the masking on than putting the masking on than the time it saved you cleaning up. So, the time it saved you cleaning up. So, the time it saved you cleaning up. So, this is going on really really quickly this is going on really really quickly this is going on really really quickly and I'm proving to myself here and I'm proving to myself here and I'm proving to myself here that I can get right up to the edges. And that I don't need to put tons on. And that I don't need to put tons on. And that I don't need to put tons on. So, quite often with Maskol cuz you're So, quite often with Maskol cuz you're So, quite often with Maskol cuz you're pulling bits away you are putting more pulling bits away you are putting more pulling bits away you are putting more liquid on. liquid on. liquid on. I don't appear to have that issue with I don't appear to have that issue with I don't appear to have that issue with this product. Yeah, that is quicker. That is quicker Yeah, that is quicker. That is quicker Yeah, that is quicker. That is quicker than masking with than masking with than masking with masking tape. masking tape. masking tape. And I think that's done a better job. And I think that's done a better job. And I think that's done a better job. So, when we come to remove it I'll have So, when we come to remove it I'll have So, when we come to remove it I'll have less clean up in theory. So, less clean up in theory. So, less clean up in theory. So, uh yeah, I really like that. uh yeah, I really like that. uh yeah, I really like that. So, the final test of our masking magic So, the final test of our masking magic So, the final test of our masking magic is actually unmasking. is actually unmasking. is actually unmasking. Um Um Um these two masks these two masks these two masks if I pick them up you can see the if I pick them up you can see the if I pick them up you can see the masking fluid still visible. masking fluid still visible. masking fluid still visible. Um they have been on about a fortnight Um they have been on about a fortnight Um they have been on about a fortnight and they've had two coats of and they've had two coats of and they've had two coats of well, two different colors of enamel well, two different colors of enamel well, two different colors of enamel paint go over them. Um the gray was paint go over them. Um the gray was paint go over them. Um the gray was passed over at least twice, the green passed over at least twice, the green passed over at least twice, the green probably about the same. So, you're probably about the same. So, you're probably about the same. So, you're you're looking at a minimum of four you're looking at a minimum of four you're looking at a minimum of four coats of enamel paint which has been coats of enamel paint which has been coats of enamel paint which has been hardened on here for about 4 days now. hardened on here for about 4 days now. hardened on here for about 4 days now. So, I want to see how it behaves, how it So, I want to see how it behaves, how it So, I want to see how it behaves, how it comes off. I mean this is for me comes off. I mean this is for me comes off. I mean this is for me ultimate test territory for this. Um ultimate test territory for this. Um ultimate test territory for this. Um previously with masking fluids I found previously with masking fluids I found previously with masking fluids I found Maskol for example that, you know, Maskol for example that, you know, Maskol for example that, you know, because they're basically a liquid because they're basically a liquid because they're basically a liquid latex it's all stretching, it snaps off latex it's all stretching, it snaps off latex it's all stretching, it snaps off and you've got bits and it's quite a and you've got bits and it's quite a and you've got bits and it's quite a messy business. So, I want to see what messy business. So, I want to see what messy business. So, I want to see what this is like. this is like. this is like. Um it's certainly a lot thinner and a Um it's certainly a lot thinner and a Um it's certainly a lot thinner and a lot more even. You could even forget lot more even. You could even forget lot more even. You could even forget you've got it on if you weren't careful. you've got it on if you weren't careful. you've got it on if you weren't careful. So, So, So, it's behaved differently going down. it's behaved differently going down. it's behaved differently going down. Will it behave differently going up? Will it behave differently going up? Will it behave differently going up? Well, Well, Well, I've managed to lift the corner. So, it has ripped there, but I've So, it has ripped there, but I've So, it has ripped there, but I've managed to collect that rip. Oh, wow. That is pretty much come out in Oh, wow. That is pretty much come out in Oh, wow. That is pretty much come out in one piece. Uh I mean, that's unheard of. Uh I mean, that's unheard of. Uh I mean, that's unheard of. That That has done a really, really good That That has done a really, really good That That has done a really, really good job. job. job. Um let's just have a look. I've got Um let's just have a look. I've got Um let's just have a look. I've got one little piece there that has one little piece there that has one little piece there that has ripped off. Cuz the liquid is a lot finer, Cuz the liquid is a lot finer, Cuz the liquid is a lot finer, it's uh gone into the cracks a little it's uh gone into the cracks a little it's uh gone into the cracks a little bit. I'm not sure is that a bit of No, that's not masking fluid. That's a No, that's not masking fluid. That's a No, that's not masking fluid. That's a bit of window that I didn't quite get bit of window that I didn't quite get bit of window that I didn't quite get covered off. But, look at that. I mean, covered off. But, look at that. I mean, covered off. But, look at that. I mean, look at how crisp that is. look at how crisp that is. look at how crisp that is. That is really, really good. Let's do That is really, really good. Let's do That is really, really good. Let's do this other larger one. Now, this one is this other larger one. Now, this one is this other larger one. Now, this one is slightly domed. Um and we had a little Um and we had a little Um and we had a little um interesting shape in the corner, um interesting shape in the corner, um interesting shape in the corner, which you should be able to see there. which you should be able to see there. which you should be able to see there. Um Um Um So, that's the corner I'm going to start So, that's the corner I'm going to start So, that's the corner I'm going to start lifting it from. Obviously being very careful here with Obviously being very careful here with Obviously being very careful here with the uh the uh the uh the tweezers. the tweezers. the tweezers. Just gently peeling it back Just gently peeling it back Just gently peeling it back until I've got an edge I can grab. until I've got an edge I can grab. until I've got an edge I can grab. But, it's actually pulling away really, But, it's actually pulling away really, But, it's actually pulling away really, really easily. It's not taking any really easily. It's not taking any really easily. It's not taking any effort. I'm not having to sort of dig effort. I'm not having to sort of dig effort. I'm not having to sort of dig into it or anything. Wow, look at that. Again, it's come off in one continuous Again, it's come off in one continuous Again, it's come off in one continuous piece. piece. piece. I am extremely impressed with that. This I am extremely impressed with that. This I am extremely impressed with that. This is one of the best products I've tested is one of the best products I've tested is one of the best products I've tested in a long time. in a long time. in a long time. So, I do have a tiny fleck of paint. I do have a tiny fleck of paint. I do have a tiny fleck of paint. Just a tiny, tiny fleck where I didn't Just a tiny, tiny fleck where I didn't Just a tiny, tiny fleck where I didn't get the liquid on get the liquid on get the liquid on and cover it. Can you just about see and cover it. Can you just about see and cover it. Can you just about see that in the light there? It's tiny. that in the light there? It's tiny. that in the light there? It's tiny. It'll come off dead easily. It'll come off dead easily. It'll come off dead easily. But, it's lovely, absolutely lovely. But, it's lovely, absolutely lovely. But, it's lovely, absolutely lovely. That That That That is by far the best performing That is by far the best performing That is by far the best performing masking liquid I've ever used. So, there masking liquid I've ever used. So, there masking liquid I've ever used. So, there you go. you go. you go. Deluxe Materials Clear Tint Masking Deluxe Materials Clear Tint Masking Deluxe Materials Clear Tint Masking Magic. Magic. Magic. Um Um Um I actually think this is the best I actually think this is the best I actually think this is the best masking product I've ever used. I'm masking product I've ever used. I'm masking product I've ever used. I'm very, very happy with it. So, uh yeah, very, very happy with it. So, uh yeah, very, very happy with it. So, uh yeah, this is going to be my masking solution this is going to be my masking solution this is going to be my masking solution um um um of choice going forward. And to be of choice going forward. And to be of choice going forward. And to be honest, you can apply it with such honest, you can apply it with such honest, you can apply it with such accuracy that I probably don't need to accuracy that I probably don't need to accuracy that I probably don't need to be buying um be buying um be buying um uh uh uh pre-cut masking masks. I can just go in pre-cut masking masks. I can just go in pre-cut masking masks. I can just go in with this stuff. with this stuff. with this stuff. Um yeah, I'm deeply impressed. So, there Um yeah, I'm deeply impressed. So, there Um yeah, I'm deeply impressed. So, there you go. I hope that was useful you go. I hope that was useful you go. I hope that was useful uh and interesting. Clear Tint Masking uh and interesting. Clear Tint Masking uh and interesting. Clear Tint Masking Magic from Deluxe Materials. Um Magic from Deluxe Materials. Um Magic from Deluxe Materials. Um Really great product. I've enjoyed using Really great product. I've enjoyed using Really great product. I've enjoyed using it, and I've had very, very good it, and I've had very, very good it, and I've had very, very good results. You've seen all of those. So, results. You've seen all of those. So, results. You've seen all of those. So, um until the next time I see you, you um until the next time I see you, you um until the next time I see you, you enjoy your modeling. And if you don't enjoy your modeling. And if you don't enjoy your modeling. And if you don't want to miss future product reviews, want to miss future product reviews, want to miss future product reviews, tool reviews, don't forget to hit the tool reviews, don't forget to hit the tool reviews, don't forget to hit the subscribe button. subscribe button. subscribe button. Bye for now.