Look at this, hey Look at this, hey Look at this, hey little one, what do you say, you reminded me of the old days, little one, what do you say, you reminded me of the old days, little one, what do you say, you reminded me of the old days, let me just jump from here, let me just jump from here, let me just jump from here, I too had thought of jumping from here but they wo I too had thought of jumping from here but they wo I too had thought of jumping from here but they wo n't allow me, brother, let me jump from here, don't do it, friend, don't do it, n't allow me, brother, let me jump from here, don't do it, friend, don't do it, poor Kunal got shaken [laughs] poor Kunal got shaken [laughs] poor Kunal got shaken [laughs] now I will come out friend, hey guys, now I will come out friend, hey guys, now I will come out friend, hey guys, good morning, welcome to my new good morning, welcome to my new good morning, welcome to my new vlog, so brother, today's video is going to be very interesting because vlog, so brother, today's video is going to be very interesting because vlog, so brother, today's video is going to be very interesting because today I got the today I got the today I got the big one, the one with Mucky Mouse, in which big one, the one with Mucky Mouse, in which big one, the one with Mucky Mouse, in which children play games, Kunal likes it very much, so let's go, children play games, Kunal likes it very much, so let's go, children play games, Kunal likes it very much, so let's go, today the whole family will go in it today the whole family will go in it today the whole family will go in it and enjoy.  I have never been there before, and enjoy.  I have never been there before, and enjoy.  I have never been there before, brother.  It was my dream as a child.   I could brother.  It was my dream as a child.   I could brother.  It was my dream as a child.   I could not go in my childhood because I did not have money. not go in my childhood because I did not have money. not go in my childhood because I did not have money. So today I invited him to my house, the So today I invited him to my house, the So today I invited him to my house, the whole family will enjoy it.  So we are going to plant it whole family will enjoy it.  So we are going to plant it whole family will enjoy it.  So we are going to plant it in our lawn.  Let me in our lawn.  Let me in our lawn.  Let me show you.  So look here it has arrived. show you.  So look here it has arrived. show you.  So look here it has arrived. Now we are inflating it.  Just wait and see, it will Now we are inflating it.  Just wait and see, it will Now we are inflating it.  Just wait and see, it will come all the way up here.  It started to come all the way up here.  It started to come all the way up here.  It started to swell.  Now see how cool it will look brother.  When it will swell.  Now see how cool it will look brother.  When it will swell.  Now see how cool it will look brother.  When it will bloom completely.  Look at this brother. bloom completely.  Look at this brother. bloom completely.  Look at this brother. Look, it is blooming.  It is blooming.  It has two Look, it is blooming.  It is blooming.  It has two Look, it is blooming.  It is blooming.  It has two motors installed in it.  Look brother, he will swell.  It will motors installed in it.  Look brother, he will swell.  It will motors installed in it.  Look brother, he will swell.  It will swell completely in 2 minutes.  Brother, it swell completely in 2 minutes.  Brother, it swell completely in 2 minutes.  Brother, it looks so cool.  Look brother, it is looks so cool.  Look brother, it is looks so cool.  Look brother, it is coming quite high.  If it comes this far then we will coming quite high.  If it comes this far then we will coming quite high.  If it comes this far then we will jump straight on it from here.  Let's see whether it comes till jump straight on it from here.  Let's see whether it comes till jump straight on it from here.  Let's see whether it comes till here or not, it will come till our balcony. here or not, it will come till our balcony. here or not, it will come till our balcony. Look brother, he is swollen.  Oh brother, oh brother, it looks so Look brother, he is swollen.  Oh brother, oh brother, it looks so Look brother, he is swollen.  Oh brother, oh brother, it looks so cool.  Look at this.  Look at this.  Wow. cool.  Look at this.  Look at this.  Wow. cool.  Look at this.  Look at this.  Wow. Tell me, will you jump from here? Tell me, will you jump from here? Tell me, will you jump from here? became mad.   Will became mad.   Will became mad.   Will you jump? you jump? you jump? From here, slide straight down. From here, slide straight down. From here, slide straight down. Straight down.  Brother, you are looking so cool guys. Straight down.  Brother, you are looking so cool guys. Straight down.  Brother, you are looking so cool guys. Look at our Mucky Mouse inside the house.  I feel like looking cool in Look at our Mucky Mouse inside the house.  I feel like looking cool in Look at our Mucky Mouse inside the house.  I feel like looking cool in it.  Come on brother, let's go down and it.  Come on brother, let's go down and it.  Come on brother, let's go down and see. Guys Kunal is watching TV Guys Kunal is watching TV Guys Kunal is watching TV and eating food here right now. and eating food here right now. and eating food here right now. He knows it, He knows it, He knows it, he doesn't know it. he doesn't know it. he doesn't know it. What? What? What? Kunal, come here once.  Come quickly.   Let's see Kunal's reaction now brother. see Kunal's reaction now brother. see Kunal's reaction now brother. You know something has come into the house.   I have You know something has come into the house.   I have You know something has come into the house.   I have ordered something nice for you.  Your ordered something nice for you.  Your ordered something nice for you.  Your favorite, whatever you like.  What can happen; what can be done? favorite, whatever you like.  What can happen; what can be done? favorite, whatever you like.  What can happen; what can be done? Can you guess?  What will happen?  Come.   It Can you guess?  What will happen?  Come.   It Can you guess?  What will happen?  Come.   It will be a car.   I do will be a car.   I do will be a car.   I do n't have a car, friend.   He n't have a car, friend.   He n't have a car, friend.   He orders a car all the time. orders a car all the time. orders a car all the time. Oh, it's a very strong thing. Oh, it's a very strong thing. Oh, it's a very strong thing. Hmm come come. Hmm come come. Hmm come come. Poo Poo Poo not complete. What do the old ones say, small?  Reminded me of the old days. What do the old ones say, small?  Reminded me of the old days. What do the old ones say, small?  Reminded me of the old days. When have your new days When have your new days When have your new days come? come? come? Old days, I mean a long time ago when I was young, Old days, I mean a long time ago when I was young, Old days, I mean a long time ago when I was young, I used to visit Mky Mouse.  Leave it, I will I used to visit Mky Mouse.  Leave it, I will I used to visit Mky Mouse.  Leave it, I will jump from here. jump from here. jump from here. I also thought of jumping from here but I also thought of jumping from here but I also thought of jumping from here but he will not allow me.  Brother, jump from here. he will not allow me.  Brother, jump from here. he will not allow me.  Brother, jump from here. Guys are refusing.  I am Guys are refusing.  I am Guys are refusing.  I am refusing from here, friend.  But it looks so refusing from here, friend.  But it looks so refusing from here, friend.  But it looks so cool.   It's cool.   It's cool.   It's fun, friend.   Come on fun, friend.   Come on fun, friend.   Come on downstairs.  Let's go down and see. downstairs.  Let's go down and see. downstairs.  Let's go down and see. Brother Kunali's excitement is increasing. Brother Kunali's excitement is increasing. Brother Kunali's excitement is increasing. Brother, it's going to fall so fast.  Stop, stop, it will Brother, it's going to fall so fast.  Stop, stop, it will Brother, it's going to fall so fast.  Stop, stop, it will fall.   take it fall.   take it fall.   take it easy man. Come from here, let's go from here, Come from here, let's go from here, Come from here, let's go from here, its sound is coming from here, look it is quite its sound is coming from here, look it is quite its sound is coming from here, look it is quite big, it reaches all the way up brother, Kunali big, it reaches all the way up brother, Kunali big, it reaches all the way up brother, Kunali went straight there, went straight there, went straight there, how does it feel, it feels how does it feel, it feels how does it feel, it feels great brother, it feels great with the house, does great brother, it feels great with the house, does great brother, it feels great with the house, does n't it, come let's go, let's go up, come on, n't it, come let's go, let's go up, come on, and I am scared, and I am scared, and I am scared, how are you feeling, I am how are you feeling, I am how are you feeling, I am very scared, very scared, very scared, why is it feeling great, in front of the house, why is it feeling great, in front of the house, why is it feeling great, in front of the house, yes friend, we will keep one of ours there, we will keep it in the farm house, yes friend, we will keep one of ours there, we will keep it in the farm house, yes friend, we will keep one of ours there, we will keep it in the farm house, one in the farm house, bigger than this, even bigger than this, one in the farm house, bigger than this, even bigger than this, yes yes, so guys, it is completely yes yes, so guys, it is completely yes yes, so guys, it is completely swollen, now let's go, let's swollen, now let's go, let's swollen, now let's go, let's see brother, how does it feel, come on, Kunali and see brother, how does it feel, come on, Kunali and see brother, how does it feel, come on, Kunali and Avantika have already gone, come on, we have to go from here, we have to go from here Avantika have already gone, come on, we have to go from here, we have to go from here brother, I am going for the first time in my life, it was my brother, I am going for the first time in my life, it was my brother, I am going for the first time in my life, it was my dream in childhood, I could not go, but dream in childhood, I could not go, but dream in childhood, I could not go, but today for the first time in my house, I installed my own today for the first time in my house, I installed my own today for the first time in my house, I installed my own brother, it is very bouncy, brother, it is very bouncy, brother, it is very bouncy, Dada, look at this, don't Dada, look at this, don't Dada, look at this, don't move, don't move, come on, I will come now. I will come now. I will come now. Hey, I am not able to maintain balance in this.  Hey Hey, I am not able to maintain balance in this.  Hey Hey, I am not able to maintain balance in this.  Hey brother, it will hurt guys, it is very difficult to balance it on brother, it will hurt guys, it is very difficult to balance it on brother, it will hurt guys, it is very difficult to balance it on this.  I call everyone. this.  I call everyone. this.  I call everyone. Come on Come on Come on brother, where is everyone?   Let's brother, where is everyone?   Let's brother, where is everyone?   Let's call everyone and bring them.  Mummy call everyone and bring them.  Mummy call everyone and bring them.  Mummy calls Piyush.  Piyush calls Piyush.  Piyush calls Piyush.  Piyush Piyush Sahil come come.   There Piyush Sahil come come.   There is something, come.  It's a cool thing.  Come, yes is something, come.  It's a cool thing.  Come, yes is something, come.  It's a cool thing.  Come, yes come, come, come, why is there why is there why is there something, there is something, something, there is something, yes, there yes, there yes, there is a stream, is a stream, is a stream, stop the stream for 5 minutes, I am coming, stop the stream for 5 minutes, I am coming, stop it for 5 minutes, is the live going on, I will come stop it for 5 minutes, is the live going on, I will come stop it for 5 minutes, is the live going on, I will come in two minutes, I will come in two minutes, is it in two minutes, I will come in two minutes, is it in two minutes, I will come in two minutes, is it live, guys, live, guys, live, guys, Piyush is live, Piyush is live, Piyush is live, what should I show you, come, what should I show you, come, hey friend, if there is a snake, there is hey friend, if there is a snake, there is hey friend, if there is a snake, there is no snake, friend, why would I bring a snake, friend, no snake, friend, why would I bring a snake, friend, no snake, friend, why would I bring a snake, friend, such talks, such talks, such talks, oh no, did I tell you to catch it, oh no, did I tell you to catch it, oh no, did I tell you to catch it, you also catch it, it is fun, you also catch it, it is fun, you also catch it, it is fun, whatever it is, you will enjoy it, whatever it is, you will enjoy it, whatever it is, you will enjoy it, yes, I am yes, I am yes, I am enjoying it a lot brother, jump enjoying it a lot brother, jump enjoying it a lot brother, jump brother, Piyush has also come.  Now the fun will begin. brother, Piyush has also come.  Now the fun will begin. brother, Piyush has also come.  Now the fun will begin. Hey, Oreo also feels like doing it, Hey, Oreo also feels like doing it, Hey, Oreo also feels like doing it, but Oreo is scared.  Why is Oreo scared but Oreo is scared.  Why is Oreo scared but Oreo is scared.  Why is Oreo scared ?   I am ?   I am ?   I am scared.  Oreos bring Oreos too.  Ray scared.  Oreos bring Oreos too.  Ray scared.  Oreos bring Oreos too.  Ray Orio is scared. Orio is scared. Orio is scared. Get the Oreo, go quickly.   Hey, go, don't be Get the Oreo, go quickly.   Hey, go, don't be afraid.   Go away, I am afraid.   Go away, I am afraid.   Go away, I am scared.  I am scared.  I am feeling a little scared.  I am scared.  I am scared.  I am feeling a little scared.  I am scared.  I am scared.  I am feeling a little scared.  I am scared, I am scared.  I am scared. scared, I am scared.  I am scared. scared, I am scared.  I am scared. Hey, it's falling brother. Leave it.   do Leave it.   do Leave it.   do not trip.   Don't do it, don't do it.  Do not trip.   Don't do it, don't do it.  Do n't do this crazy man.  Do not do it. n't do this crazy man.  Do not do it. n't do this crazy man.  Do not do it. Hey, don't do it brother, it will fall. Hey, is the Hey, don't do it brother, it will fall. Hey, is the Hey, don't do it brother, it will fall. Hey, is the air going out? Hey, it will fall, it will fall air going out? Hey, it will fall, it will fall air going out? Hey, it will fall, it will fall out. Hey, then do out. Hey, then do out. Hey, then do n't shake it so much. It is shaking, n't shake it so much. It is shaking, look, Kunalli will fall. Hey, friend, look, Kunalli will fall. Hey, friend, look, Kunalli will fall. Hey, friend, don't do it. Why are don't do it. Why are don't do it. Why are you doing such wrong things? It will burst. Hey, poor you doing such wrong things? It will burst. Hey, poor you doing such wrong things? It will burst. Hey, poor Kunalli got shaken. Hey, Kunalli got shaken. Look, you will do the Kunalli got shaken. Hey, Kunalli got shaken. Look, you will do the work. Hey, friend, it got work. Hey, friend, it got work. Hey, friend, it got hurt. The poor guy got hurt. Hey, Amma has also come, come hurt. The poor guy got hurt. Hey, Amma has also come, come hurt. The poor guy got hurt. Hey, Amma has also come, come Amma, guys, Piyush is going, his Amma, guys, Piyush is going, his Amma, guys, Piyush is going, his stream is important.  Let's all the best. stream is important.  Let's all the best. stream is important.  Let's all the best. Hey listen, mother is coming.  Now don't do the wrong thing. Hey listen, mother is coming.  Now don't do the wrong thing. Hey listen, mother is coming.  Now don't do the wrong thing. Amma is coming.  Carefully, carefully Amma is coming.  Carefully, carefully Amma is coming.  Carefully, carefully Amma, carefully.  Now go Amma, go upstairs.   Hey Amma, carefully.  Now go Amma, go upstairs.   Hey Amma, carefully.  Now go Amma, go upstairs.   Hey hey go away. I go down to the bottom. I go down to the bottom. I go down to the bottom. I will go down. I will go down. I will go down. Hey, man, what is it?  What is? Hey, man, what is it?  What is? Hey, man, what is it?  What is? What is this? What is this? What is this? What is?   Nothing What is?   Nothing What is?   Nothing is there  Guys, Kunal's hand got twisted is there  Guys, Kunal's hand got twisted is there  Guys, Kunal's hand got twisted here.  However, dogs are not allowed here.  However, dogs are not allowed here.  However, dogs are not allowed in this. in this. in this. Yes yes but even big people are not like that.   Even the Yes yes but even big people are not like that.   Even the Yes yes but even big people are not like that.   Even the elders are not allowed but we have come.  Hey hey, elders are not allowed but we have come.  Hey hey, elders are not allowed but we have come.  Hey hey, where are you taking him? where are you taking him? where are you taking him? Where is he going? Where is he going? Where is he going? Daya ji, you will also come, everyone has come. Daya ji, you will also come, everyone has come. Daya ji, you will also come, everyone has come. Yes, come on friend, you too have become a Yes, come on friend, you too have become a Yes, come on friend, you too have become a brother.   I brother.   I brother.   I climbed up, I climbed up.  Daya ji, don't fall.  do not trip. climbed up, I climbed up.  Daya ji, don't fall.  do not trip. climbed up, I climbed up.  Daya ji, don't fall.  do not trip. Hey hey hey did you enjoy it?  Hey hey I am feeling scared Hey hey hey did you enjoy it?  Hey hey I am feeling scared Hey hey hey did you enjoy it?  Hey hey I am feeling scared what have you ordered what are you doing what have you ordered what are you doing what have you ordered what are you doing hey I am not enjoying it hey I am not enjoying it hey I am not enjoying it uncle come brother grandfather is going upstairs barbari hey brother grandfather is going upstairs barbari hey brother grandfather is going upstairs barbari hey aunty is stuck here aunty is stuck aunty is stuck here aunty is stuck aunty is stuck here aunty is stuck mother outside mother outside mother outside mother poor grandfather is stuck upstairs mummy you have come mother poor grandfather is stuck upstairs mummy you have come mother poor grandfather is stuck upstairs mummy you have come you will not be able to get out I you will not be able to get out I you will not be able to get out I cannot bear it I have cannot bear it I have cannot bear it I have problem in my knee son I am not problem in my knee son I am not problem in my knee son I am not coming right now hey what is happening earthquake earthquake has come hey what is happening earthquake earthquake has come hey what is happening earthquake earthquake has come earthquake brother it is a circus come come ₹10 ticket brother it is a circus come come ₹10 ticket brother it is a circus come come ₹10 ticket ₹1 brother I am completely drenched in sweat brother.   I am brother I am completely drenched in sweat brother.   I am brother I am completely drenched in sweat brother.   I am enjoying it so much that I am also feeling scared enjoying it so much that I am also feeling scared enjoying it so much that I am also feeling scared because everyone is going and the whole place because everyone is going and the whole place because everyone is going and the whole place is shaking like this.  I am unable to maintain balance is shaking like this.  I am unable to maintain balance is shaking like this.  I am unable to maintain balance brother. brother. brother. Look at Sahil, he shook everything from Look at Sahil, he shook everything from Look at Sahil, he shook everything from above. above. above. Hey Chai ji, what happened? Hey Chai ji, what happened? Hey Chai ji, what happened? fallen.  Pick it up, pick up the fallen.  Pick it up, pick up the fallen.  Pick it up, pick up the tea, friend.   If tea, friend.   If tea, friend.   If you pick it up, it will get back up. you pick it up, it will get back up. you pick it up, it will get back up. Oh my hair was pulled.  It has become so long.  By pulling.   They must be Oh my hair was pulled.  It has become so long.  By pulling.   They must be fake, right?  Will be fake.  Show.   There fake, right?  Will be fake.  Show.   There fake, right?  Will be fake.  Show.   There will be fake hair.  Isn't it fake?  Look guys, there is a will be fake hair.  Isn't it fake?  Look guys, there is a will be fake hair.  Isn't it fake?  Look guys, there is a scam going on here.  All the scam going on here.  All the scam going on here.  All the girls you see with long hair could be girls you see with long hair could be girls you see with long hair could be scams.  Look, listen, do one thing, scams.  Look, listen, do one thing, scams.  Look, listen, do one thing, all of you move away.  Only elder mother will go. all of you move away.  Only elder mother will go. all of you move away.  Only elder mother will go. Hey, go away mom, I am Hey, go away mom, I am Hey, go away mom, I am telling you not to insist. telling you not to insist. telling you not to insist. Mummy will not be able to go from here. Mummy will not be able to go from here. Mummy will not be able to go from here. I am not able to go. I am not able to go. I am not able to go. Mom, only you will go. Mom, only you will go. Mom, only you will go. You should not understand and insist.  What am I saying?   I can just You should not understand and insist.  What am I saying?   I can just You should not understand and insist.  What am I saying?   I can just sit here like this. sit here like this. sit here like this. Uncle, what happened to you? Uncle, what happened to you? Uncle, what happened to you? What happened?   I am having What happened?   I am having What happened?   I am having fun.   Guys, I am fun.   Guys, I am fun.   Guys, I am enjoying it.  Guys, everyone is tired now enjoying it.  Guys, everyone is tired now enjoying it.  Guys, everyone is tired now and they have all come out of and they have all come out of and they have all come out of here because everyone is sweating.  It is getting sunny, so here because everyone is sweating.  It is getting sunny, so here because everyone is sweating.  It is getting sunny, so now we will enjoy the evening. now we will enjoy the evening. now we will enjoy the evening. But it looks really nice, friend. But it looks really nice, friend. But it looks really nice, friend. I am telling you about the house. I am telling you about the house. I am telling you about the house. Brother, my condition has worsened due to heat.   I had Brother, my condition has worsened due to heat.   I had Brother, my condition has worsened due to heat.   I had some fun, friend.   Have you come some fun, friend.   Have you come some fun, friend.   Have you come ? ? ? And And And you would be bringing different things every day.  I have you would be bringing different things every day.  I have you would be bringing different things every day.  I have taken mud meat today. taken mud meat today. taken mud meat today. Brother, mother too?  Right now I am ready to go to the gym. Brother, mother too?  Right now I am ready to go to the gym. Sarada, where are you going? Sarada, where are you going? Sarada, where are you going? gym?  I also go to the gym.   What gym?  I also go to the gym.   What gym?  I also go to the gym.   What else will he do? Come on, else will he do? Come on, else will he do? Come on, what will he do today?   Let's see what will he do today?   Let's see what will he do today?   Let's see today.   The guys have already come to the gym. guys have already come to the gym. guys have already come to the gym. Kunal is doing the trade mill brother. Kunal is doing the trade mill brother. Kunal is doing the trade mill brother. Good, run away from it.  Run, run fast.   Do Good, run away from it.  Run, run fast.   Do Good, run away from it.  Run, run fast.   Do n't walk slow. Good. Good. Good. Brother, it looks so cool, whenever I Brother, it looks so cool, whenever I Brother, it looks so cool, whenever I come to the basement, I go straight and look here. Brother, I get a different kind of motivation after seeing them.  Let's start Brother, I get a different kind of motivation after seeing them.  Let's start Brother, I get a different kind of motivation after seeing them.  Let's start working out now.   Do n't do wrong things here. n't do wrong things here. n't do wrong things here. Sitting on top of the treadle. Sitting on top of the treadle. Sitting on top of the treadle. What is this crazy thing? What is this crazy thing? What is this crazy thing? This is deadlift. This is deadlift. This is deadlift. Deadlift Oye what are you doing brother? Oye what are you doing brother? Oye what are you doing brother? Nothing nothing Kar Kar Kar Guys, finally today's workout Guys, finally today's workout Guys, finally today's workout is complete.  Ever since I joined the gym, I haven't skipped a single day. is complete.  Ever since I joined the gym, I haven't skipped a single day. is complete.  Ever since I joined the gym, I haven't skipped a single day. Be it Saturday or Sunday Be it Saturday or Sunday Be it Saturday or Sunday , I workout daily.  Brother, it's so much , I workout daily.  Brother, it's so much , I workout daily.  Brother, it's so much fun, isn't it?  I mean, it seems like the best time of the day to fun, isn't it?  I mean, it seems like the best time of the day to fun, isn't it?  I mean, it seems like the best time of the day to me.  I become completely drenched in sweat within 1 1/2 hours. me.  I become completely drenched in sweat within 1 1/2 hours. me.  I become completely drenched in sweat within 1 1/2 hours. Cool, it Cool, it Cool, it feels really good, friend.  But if I talk about earlier, feels really good, friend.  But if I talk about earlier, feels really good, friend.  But if I talk about earlier, earlier I was only focused on my work. earlier I was only focused on my work. earlier I was only focused on my work. No workout, no focus on health, no No workout, no focus on health, no No workout, no focus on health, no focus on food, nothing.  Just focus, focus on food, nothing.  Just focus, focus on food, nothing.  Just focus, just on my work that brother, I have to do something in life. just on my work that brother, I have to do something in life. just on my work that brother, I have to do something in life. After that, now I am able to After that, now I am able to After that, now I am able to concentrate on my health.  So I would like to concentrate on my health.  So I would like to concentrate on my health.  So I would like to tell you all those people who just keep doing workouts.  Don't do that. tell you all those people who just keep doing workouts.  Don't do that. Work on yourself as well, brother, work on how you want to grow Work on yourself as well, brother, work on how you want to grow Work on yourself as well, brother, work on how you want to grow because the because the because the body will be built later. body will be built later. body will be built later. Build your career first.  Build your life first.  Let's go for now Build your career first.  Build your life first.  Let's go for now brother.  I enjoyed it brother.  I am telling the truth.  I had the brother.  I enjoyed it brother.  I am telling the truth.  I had the brother.  I enjoyed it brother.  I am telling the truth.  I had the best fun.  And now I feel like going best fun.  And now I feel like going best fun.  And now I feel like going somewhere for a trip.  It is evening somewhere for a trip.  It is evening somewhere for a trip.  It is evening time.  We are leaving in the evening.   Let's walk along the side time.  We are leaving in the evening.   Let's walk along the side time.  We are leaving in the evening.   Let's walk along the side of the beautiful mountains. Maggi who is eating Maggi Maggi who is eating Maggi Maggi who is eating Maggi look here Maggi is being made I don't know whose it is it is being made, it is look here Maggi is being made I don't know whose it is it is being made, it is mine are mine are mine are you eating Maggi after gym you eating Maggi after gym you eating Maggi after gym and what I should eat everything in life only then and what I should eat everything in life only then and what I should eat everything in life only then my weight will increase leave it then my weight will increase leave it then my weight will increase leave it then I will eat Maggi I will eat Maggi I will eat Maggi nothing happened with Maggi Bananali there are so many nothing happened with Maggi Bananali there are so many nothing happened with Maggi Bananali there are so many fruits lying here eat these guys so now we are going for a trip it has been a now we are going for a trip it has been a now we are going for a trip it has been a long time since I went to the mountains so let's go get some long time since I went to the mountains so let's go get some long time since I went to the mountains so let's go get some nice jeans best for the mountains it is nice jeans best for the mountains it is nice jeans best for the mountains it is raining too so let's take out the raining too so let's take out the raining too so let's take out the jeans here it will have to be opened first jeans here it will have to be opened first jeans here it will have to be opened first then it will come out Avantika has just come to then it will come out Avantika has just come to then it will come out Avantika has just come to help so let's move it to the back so for help so let's move it to the back so for help so let's move it to the back so for now I have taken out the jeans and now look the now I have taken out the jeans and now look the now I have taken out the jeans and now look the basement is empty brother it basement is empty brother it basement is empty brother it looks completely full because of one car look a looks completely full because of one car look a looks completely full because of one car look a lot of cars can come here guys I lot of cars can come here guys I lot of cars can come here guys I cannot go from here and if I go then this will cannot go from here and if I go then this will cannot go from here and if I go then this will stop so I will have to go from that gate. stop so I will have to go from that gate. Moment Nothing [Music] Late Shower Late Shower Late Shower Because I Have You.  [Music] The guys are Because I Have You.  [Music] The guys are Because I Have You.  [Music] The guys are home now and now we have to get home now and now we have to get home now and now we have to get ready because we have to leave tomorrow morning. ready because we have to leave tomorrow morning. ready because we have to leave tomorrow morning. I am very excited, I am very excited, I am very excited, very much.  And tell us in the comments that we should very much.  And tell us in the comments that we should very much.  And tell us in the comments that we should get a Mucky Mouse of our own too.  Then we will do some get a Mucky Mouse of our own too.  Then we will do some get a Mucky Mouse of our own too.  Then we will do some fun experiments in it, we will fun experiments in it, we will fun experiments in it, we will make slides etc by adding water in it, it will look make slides etc by adding water in it, it will look make slides etc by adding water in it, it will look great and nice by adding shampoo in it, so for great and nice by adding shampoo in it, so for great and nice by adding shampoo in it, so for now I will end this vlog because now I will end this vlog because now I will end this vlog because I have to pack it, I have washed my hands and face with it, we will I have to pack it, I have washed my hands and face with it, we will I have to pack it, I have washed my hands and face with it, we will meet in the next vlog, meet in the next vlog, meet in the next vlog, thank you so much for watching