Biryani, oh biryani, next to it is oh biryani, next to it is oh biryani, next to it is sambar, oh sambar, oh sambar, oh machi machi, taste this a little, machi machi, taste this a little, machi machi, taste this a little, machi machi machi, machi machi.  Eat a little machi machi machi, machi machi.  Eat a little machi machi machi, machi machi.  Eat a little . . . Hey, don't put a knife in the middle Hey, don't put a knife in the middle Hey, don't put a knife in the middle .  Smell it a little and sing. .  Smell it a little and sing. .  Smell it a little and sing. Hey, just come to my nose, eat it, and Hey, just come to my nose, eat it, and Hey, just come to my nose, eat it, and watch it. watch it. watch it. You don't know if I'm fasting. You don't know if I'm fasting. You don't know if I'm fasting. You just showed it.   If there You just showed it.   If there You just showed it.   If there was something wrong.  Oh Allah, what did was something wrong.  Oh Allah, what did you you you forget to do for me, even though I know I will be fasting during Ramadan? forget to do for me, even though I know I will be fasting during Ramadan? forget to do for me, even though I know I will be fasting during Ramadan? Eat, eat   It's only been Eat, eat   It's only been two days, so there's still 28 days left, two days, so there's still 28 days left, two days, so there's still 28 days left, so let's see.   It's been so let's see.   It's been so let's see.   It's been eight days, there are still 22 days left.   It's been 12 days, there's still 18 days, it's already 12 days, there's still 18 days, it's already 12 days, there's still 18 days, it's already 20 days, there's still 10 days, let 20 days, there's still 10 days, let 20 days, there's still 10 days, let 's eat 's eat 's eat [music] If there's only [music] If there's only [music] If there's only one more day, what if there's nothing else, then go and one more day, what if there's nothing else, then go and see what happens next. see what happens next. see what happens next. Ezhugu Gundula Vada Govinda Govinda, is this a Ezhugu Gundula Vada Govinda Govinda, is this a Ezhugu Gundula Vada Govinda Govinda, is this a museum or a temple of Perumal? museum or a temple of Perumal? museum or a temple of Perumal? I too will be found in a field beyond Perumal I too will be found in a field beyond Perumal I too will be found in a field beyond Perumal .  This is enough for the month of Purattasi .  This is enough for the month of Purattasi .  This is enough for the month of Purattasi .  Swami Theertham family, .  Swami Theertham family, .  Swami Theertham family, Swami Tozhasi family, Swami Kumkumam Swami Tozhasi family, Swami Kumkumam Swami Tozhasi family, Swami Kumkumam family, all come to mind and family, all come to mind and family, all come to mind and are said to be three fold.  Look, Chanda Bhai, you have no fear are said to be three fold.  Look, Chanda Bhai, you have no fear are said to be three fold.  Look, Chanda Bhai, you have no fear .  Any five people can come and .  Any five people can come and .  Any five people can come and spend Rs. 100 and buy half a kilo of rice in the evening and spend Rs. 100 and buy half a kilo of rice in the evening and spend Rs. 100 and buy half a kilo of rice in the evening and feed their family. feed their family. feed their family. What will happen if this continues? What will happen if this continues? What will happen if this continues? Lord, please look at Satan. Lord, please look at Satan. Lord, please look at Satan. What if Madhavan is gone? What do I have to do? What if Madhavan is gone? What do I have to do? What if Madhavan is gone? What do I have to do? Govinda watched. Govinda watched. Govinda watched. Don't just stand there for months.   Have Don't just stand there for months.   Have Don't just stand there for months.   Have darshan of the Lord and then go darshan of the Lord and then go darshan of the Lord and then go .  Just stay away. .  Just stay away. .  Just stay away. Just buy it before going for darshan. Just buy it before going for darshan. Just buy it before going for darshan. 500 Sami, don't take a selfie, I 500 Sami, don't take a selfie, I 500 Sami, don't take a selfie, I want to take a selfie. 000 Oh, 000 Take the reels, want to take a selfie. 000 Oh, 000 Take the reels, want to take a selfie. 000 Oh, 000 Take the reels, take the reels, take the reels, take the reels, Sami, evening, Sami, evening, Sami, evening, hey, 150 Ma, Kekkuda, I don't want anything, Vibhuti, come, enter, go, stay, hey, 150 Ma, Kekkuda, I don't want anything, Vibhuti, come, enter, go, stay, you are not hunting, I just came, don't put anything in it, Sami, I'm not you are not hunting, I just came, don't put anything in it, Sami, I'm not coming to some temple, coming to some temple, coming to some temple, go, business will come and disturb you, don't put go, business will come and disturb you, don't put go, business will come and disturb you, don't put money in it, money in it, money in it, dad, the bus will come in five minutes.  I'll dad, the bus will come in five minutes.  I'll dad, the bus will come in five minutes.  I'll pick you up and call you. Wait, pick you up and call you. Wait, pick you up and call you. Wait, okay, brother, brother, okay, brother, brother, you can come too. you can come too. you can come too. I have work tomorrow, I have work tomorrow, I have work tomorrow, otherwise I won't come. otherwise I won't come. otherwise I won't come. I'm alone, I can't I'm alone, I can't I'm alone, I can't go with him, why don't you take a bus and go with him, why don't you take a bus and go with him, why don't you take a bus and send me to Tirupati? I'm also with send me to Tirupati? I'm also with send me to Tirupati? I'm also with you, what will you do if I get lost? you, what will you do if I get lost? you, what will you do if I get lost? Hey, you won't be able to get away, that's why I'm Hey, you won't be able to get away, that's why I'm Hey, you won't be able to get away, that's why I'm booking you a ticket on the Zink bus booking you a ticket on the Zink bus booking you a ticket on the Zink bus .  Is it zinc?  In that case, .  Is it zinc?  In that case, .  Is it zinc?  In that case, I often travel by Zink bus I often travel by Zink bus I often travel by Zink bus .  It also has a live tracking .  It also has a live tracking .  It also has a live tracking option.  Where are you?  Where have you gone option.  Where are you?  Where have you gone option.  Where are you?  Where have you gone ?  I ?  I ?  I will watch everything from here.  There will watch everything from here.  There will watch everything from here.  There are experienced marshals here. are experienced marshals here. are experienced marshals here. We don't need to be afraid.  Not only that, We don't need to be afraid.  Not only that, We don't need to be afraid.  Not only that, it also has comfortable seating, a it also has comfortable seating, a it also has comfortable seating, a safe ride, and 24/7 customer support safe ride, and 24/7 customer support safe ride, and 24/7 customer support .  The main thing is that there are toilet facilities .  The main thing is that there are toilet facilities .  The main thing is that there are toilet facilities .  Do you also want to travel with a 15% discount like my brother .  Do you also want to travel with a 15% discount like my brother ? ? ? Use the coupon code shown on the screen.  If you Use the coupon code shown on the screen.  If you Use the coupon code shown on the screen.  If you want more details, click on the link in the description and check it out want more details, click on the link in the description and check it out want more details, click on the link in the description and check it out . . . Come and see the bus.  Okay, I'll go. Come and see the bus.  Okay, I'll go. Come and see the bus.  Okay, I'll go. Hey, live talk, our father is a Hey, live talk, our father is a Hey, live talk, our father is a sex addict.  Okay, sex addict.  Okay, sex addict.  Okay, I'll go I'll go I'll go What are you doing?   Let's What are you doing?   Let's What are you doing?   Let's buy all the chicken and mutton, buy all the chicken and mutton, buy all the chicken and mutton, come home, and give this scoundrel a good bath come home, and give this scoundrel a good bath come home, and give this scoundrel a good bath . Bro, Bro, Bro, would you like a chicken piece? would you like a chicken piece? would you like a chicken piece? Oh my God, I'm fasting, bro. Oh my God, I'm fasting, bro. Oh my God, I'm fasting, bro. Chicken Chicken Chicken or mutton is a fast, sir.  We do or mutton is a fast, sir.  We do or mutton is a fast, sir.  We do n't have this crazy Greta Slam, bro.   It's just a n't have this crazy Greta Slam, bro.   It's just a matter of digging and digging.  There's a price to pay for all that, matter of digging and digging.  There's a price to pay for all that, matter of digging and digging.  There's a price to pay for all that, bro.  Bro, you bro.  Bro, you bro.  Bro, you don't want to be loud, bro, you don't want to be serious, bro. don't want to be loud, bro, you don't want to be serious, bro. don't want to be loud, bro, you don't want to be serious, bro. Great, great, if you can control this, it's a Great, great, if you can control this, it's a Great, great, if you can control this, it's a big deal.  Super. big deal.  Super. big deal.  Super. Control Control Control Control Control Control What control?  Now this guy is What control?  Now this guy is What control?  Now this guy is going to take control.  If he's the one eating chicken pieces, going to take control.  If he's the one eating chicken pieces, going to take control.  If he's the one eating chicken pieces, I'm screwed.  If you bought a piece and I'm screwed.  If you bought a piece and I'm screwed.  If you bought a piece and ate it, why ate it, why ate it, why don't you eat sambar when you come back? You crazy boy, you crazy boy, oh, you're going to die. don't you eat sambar when you come back? You crazy boy, you crazy boy, oh, you're going to die. Put sambar sauce on it, Put sambar sauce on it, Put sambar sauce on it, oh, oh, a whole chicken, a whole chicken, look there, whole chicken, a whole chicken, look there, whole chicken, a whole chicken, look there, look there, look there, if look there, look there, if look there, look there, if you want, would you try just one piece? you want, would you try just one piece? you want, would you try just one piece? Say what you want, say what you want, Say what you want, say what you want, Say what you want, say what you want, say what you want.   Just say what you want.   Just say what you want.   Just buy one piece.   Don't feel like we're buying it, bro.   It's like we're buying it, bro.   It's bad until he says he'll give it to me. bad until he says he'll give it to me. bad until he says he'll give it to me. This control is what takes you somewhere, and when you're not sure, This control is what takes you somewhere, and when you're not sure, this confident guy wo this confident guy wo this confident guy wo n't eat this or that. n't eat this or that. n't eat this or that. I'm going to the Sambar Idli I'm going to the Sambar Idli I'm going to the Sambar Idli Pattu stall this month. Pattu stall this month. Pattu stall this month. Tell me, bro.   If you don't Tell me, bro.   If you don't Tell me, bro.   If you don't mind, he's changed his mind. mind, he's changed his mind. mind, he's changed his mind. Listen to that chicken piece, listen to that chicken piece. [Applause] Can you give me [Applause] Can you give me [Applause] Can you give me some of that water bottle? Control Control Come on, you too, have your Paratasia biscuits biscuits . I don't want eggs mixed in the biscuits.  The egg started to turn, it started to turn, I . I don't want eggs mixed in the biscuits.  The egg started to turn, it started to turn, I . I don't want eggs mixed in the biscuits.  The egg started to turn, it started to turn, I can't bear this trouble [Music] I've been [Music] I've been [Music] I've been tempted for a month, can you control it? Brother, is there any non-veg hotel near here? [Music Brother, is there any non-veg hotel near here? [Music ] Are you watching the match in the shot? What's Are you watching the match in the shot? What's Are you watching the match in the shot? What's the score? the score? the score? Chicken 65 Chicken 65 Chicken 65 Rohit, egg, Rohit, egg, Rohit, egg, egg, hello, hello, hello, brother, my birthday treat has arrived at the market. brother, my birthday treat has arrived at the market. brother, my birthday treat has arrived at the market. Ah, I've been suffering for three months, and the Ah, I've been suffering for three months, and the Ah, I've been suffering for three months, and the pleasure of eating by myself is unique. pleasure of eating by myself is unique. pleasure of eating by myself is unique. Thank you for the delicious biryani. Thank you for the delicious biryani. Thank you for the delicious biryani. What, have you started yet? What, have you started yet? What, have you started yet? The taste of Machi Biryani is amazing.   I The taste of Machi Biryani is amazing.   I bought it myself, because it was a very crowded place.  I'm really bought it myself, because it was a very crowded place.  I'm really bought it myself, because it was a very crowded place.  I'm really hungry, son. hungry, son. hungry, son. Today's top news: There was a Today's top news: There was a Today's top news: There was a lizard in the biryani at Dennis Hotel, causing lizard in the biryani at Dennis Hotel, causing lizard in the biryani at Dennis Hotel, causing a stir.  Five people died.   If a stir.  Five people died.   If a stir.  Five people died.   If someone in the hotel someone in the hotel thinks that we are the only ones who can afford a hotel like this in this town, we are in the same situation. thinks that we are the only ones who can afford a hotel like this in this town, we are in the same situation. thinks that we are the only ones who can afford a hotel like this in this town, we are in the same situation. What do you mean, you're in What do you mean, you're in What do you mean, you're in shock?