Me [Music] I just wanna go I just wanna go I just wanna go with you baby you know I [Song voice] with you baby you know I [Song voice] with you baby you know I [Song voice] just like to talk with you just like to talk with you just like to talk with you You don't have to tell [Song voice] me anything I [ You don't have to tell [Song voice] me anything I [ Music] just wanna go Music] just wanna go Music] just wanna go with [Song voice] you I just want to see you you you good evening people welcome and welcome back to good evening people welcome and welcome back to good evening people welcome and welcome back to another video it's a new day so let's just say it's a another video it's a new day so let's just say it's a another video it's a new day so let's just say it's a beautiful beautiful beautiful it is 4:43 pm now and I am in Goa and it is 4:43 pm now and I am in Goa and it is 4:43 pm now and I am in Goa and I am very excited because this is I am very excited because this is I am very excited because this is going to be my second going to be my second going to be my second solo trip in my life is it my second I mean as far as solo trip in my life is it my second I mean as far as solo trip in my life is it my second I mean as far as I can remember this is my second solo I can remember this is my second solo I can remember this is my second solo trip the first time I went to Nepal because I trip the first time I went to Nepal because I trip the first time I went to Nepal because I wanted to attend Atif Aslam's concert wanted to attend Atif Aslam's concert wanted to attend Atif Aslam's concert and the second time is this Goa trip and and the second time is this Goa trip and and the second time is this Goa trip and I had booked the tickets and BNB long back I had booked the tickets and BNB long back I had booked the tickets and BNB long back when I was in Guwahati only when when I was in Guwahati only when when I was in Guwahati only when I thought that I was planning to go to Delhi just then I thought that I was planning to go to Delhi just then I thought that I was planning to go to Delhi just then I booked the ticket here  Had I booked the ticket here  Had I booked the ticket here  Had booked it too.  And I booked this BNB for six booked it too.  And I booked this BNB for six booked it too.  And I booked this BNB for six days.  It cost me a bit.  I days.  It cost me a bit.  I days.  It cost me a bit.  I Think It Was 3000 Per Night.  So that's it, it's a bit Think It Was 3000 Per Night.  So that's it, it's a bit Think It Was 3000 Per Night.  So that's it, it's a bit expensive but I just wanted a solo trip expensive but I just wanted a solo trip expensive but I just wanted a solo trip for myself.  I want a like me myself moment.  So for myself.  I want a like me myself moment.  So for myself.  I want a like me myself moment.  So I am very happy.  I am very very I am very happy.  I am very very I am very happy.  I am very very excited for the coming days. excited for the coming days. excited for the coming days. I don't have any special plan that I will do I don't have any special plan that I will do I don't have any special plan that I will do this or that.  I am not someone who this or that.  I am not someone who this or that.  I am not someone who goes to such a tourist place and explores it, you know. goes to such a tourist place and explores it, you know. goes to such a tourist place and explores it, you know. I am not that person.  My way I am not that person.  My way I am not that person.  My way of having fun and a good trip is of having fun and a good trip is of having fun and a good trip is live the slow life, go to a nice cafe, dress live the slow life, go to a nice cafe, dress live the slow life, go to a nice cafe, dress up nicely, take a walk, try out restaurants.  That's it guys. up nicely, take a walk, try out restaurants.  That's it guys. up nicely, take a walk, try out restaurants.  That's it guys. This is my kind of This is my kind of This is my kind of fun trip.  And you want to see any tourist fun trip.  And you want to see any tourist fun trip.  And you want to see any tourist places in this video.  I think.  And I am places in this video.  I think.  And I am places in this video.  I think.  And I am sitting in front of Ashwin Beach. sitting in front of Ashwin Beach. sitting in front of Ashwin Beach. Like 2 minutes walk to Ashwin beach.  And let me tell you all Like 2 minutes walk to Ashwin beach.  And let me tell you all Like 2 minutes walk to Ashwin beach.  And let me tell you all why I am staying here. why I am staying here. why I am staying here. Like why only Ashwin Beach?  I could have gone Like why only Ashwin Beach?  I could have gone Like why only Ashwin Beach?  I could have gone to South Goa.  And I could also go to different beaches. to South Goa.  And I could also go to different beaches. to South Goa.  And I could also go to different beaches. But I came to Ashwin Beach But I came to Ashwin Beach But I came to Ashwin Beach because when I came to Goa two years ago, because when I came to Goa two years ago, because when I came to Goa two years ago, I told myself that one day I am going to come here I told myself that one day I am going to come here I told myself that one day I am going to come here alone.  And I will enjoy it so much. alone.  And I will enjoy it so much. alone.  And I will enjoy it so much. One thing happens that we went to a One thing happens that we went to a One thing happens that we went to a resort.  Ok?  To just have like a resort.  Ok?  To just have like a resort.  Ok?  To just have like a watermelon juice like that.  You know I have watermelon juice like that.  You know I have watermelon juice like that.  You know I have some pictures also.  So I'll put it here. some pictures also.  So I'll put it here. some pictures also.  So I'll put it here. This is literally my core memory.  Then This is literally my core memory.  Then This is literally my core memory.  Then I was thinking that one day I will come here.  If I was thinking that one day I will come here.  If I was thinking that one day I will come here.  If I have enough money, I will come and I have enough money, I will come and I have enough money, I will come and sit in front of the beach.  I'll just sit in front of the beach.  I'll just sit in front of the beach.  I'll just romanticize my life.  You know I will romanticize my life.  You know I will romanticize my life.  You know I will bring my laptop.  I will just work.  It's like, I want that bring my laptop.  I will just work.  It's like, I want that [nasal sound], I say, [nasal sound], I say, [nasal sound], I say, just enjoy the view.  Do slow life work.   That's just enjoy the view.  Do slow life work.   That's just enjoy the view.  Do slow life work.   That's my kind of life.  You know like that's what my kind of life.  You know like that's what my kind of life.  You know like that's what I love.  So I am very I love.  So I am very I love.  So I am very excited.  And this trip is going to be a excited.  And this trip is going to be a excited.  And this trip is going to be a very slow trip.  I think I will very slow trip.  I think I will very slow trip.  I think I will go for a walk, get a massage and that's how it will be. go for a walk, get a massage and that's how it will be. Oh my food is here.  Hello, okay.  So my food Oh my food is here.  Hello, okay.  So my food Oh my food is here.  Hello, okay.  So my food is here and I have ordered KFC.  I can is here and I have ordered KFC.  I can is here and I have ordered KFC.  I can explain why.  I also thought that explain why.  I also thought that explain why.  I also thought that why would I eat KFC after coming to Goa why would I eat KFC after coming to Goa why would I eat KFC after coming to Goa but everything was very but everything was very but everything was very expensive.  And KFC fell like yeah expensive.  And KFC fell like yeah expensive.  And KFC fell like yeah right.  Because I have right.  Because I have right.  Because I have ordered dinner along with it.  And I have spicy ordered dinner along with it.  And I have spicy ordered dinner along with it.  And I have spicy ramen with me.  So I'll make that and here ramen with me.  So I'll make that and here ramen with me.  So I'll make that and here Blink Kit and Instagram all this stuff does Blink Kit and Instagram all this stuff does Blink Kit and Instagram all this stuff does n't work.  So I will have to you know like go for a n't work.  So I will have to you know like go for a n't work.  So I will have to you know like go for a little walk.  And today I am a little walk.  And today I am a little walk.  And today I am a little tired because I slept only for little tired because I slept only for little tired because I slept only for three hours and travelled the whole day.  I ate three hours and travelled the whole day.  I ate three hours and travelled the whole day.  I ate only Prinkles since morning.  So I am only Prinkles since morning.  So I am only Prinkles since morning.  So I am going to make spicy ramen now and I am going to going to make spicy ramen now and I am going to going to make spicy ramen now and I am going to enjoy it.  So let's make it together. Good morning guys.  It's a new day.  So let's just say that it's a Good morning guys.  It's a new day.  So let's just say that it's a Good morning guys.  It's a new day.  So let's just say that it's a beautiful day. beautiful day. beautiful day. I'm a morning person now.  Don't Talk to Me Guys. I'm a morning person now.  Don't Talk to Me Guys. I'm a morning person now.  Don't Talk to Me Guys. I'm a morning person.  I I'm a morning person.  I I'm a morning person.  I once said that if I become a morning person once said that if I become a morning person once said that if I become a morning person then you know like my life then you know like my life then you know like my life is set.  And I can't believe I'm waking is set.  And I can't believe I'm waking is set.  And I can't believe I'm waking up so early in a few days.  Like, for the past few days up so early in a few days.  Like, for the past few days up so early in a few days.  Like, for the past few days something or the other has been happening that I have to something or the other has been happening that I have to something or the other has been happening that I have to wake up early.  And I had a flight yesterday wake up early.  And I had a flight yesterday wake up early.  And I had a flight yesterday and today my eyes have opened just like that. and today my eyes have opened just like that. and today my eyes have opened just like that. So I am very happy.  So now I'm going to So I am very happy.  So now I'm going to So I am very happy.  So now I'm going to check my neighborhood.  Let's see how it is, check my neighborhood.  Let's see how it is, check my neighborhood.  Let's see how it is, what it is.  I didn't see anything what it is.  I didn't see anything what it is.  I didn't see anything well yesterday.  And I also well yesterday.  And I also well yesterday.  And I also see where the path to the beach leads.  It is a 2 minute see where the path to the beach leads.  It is a 2 minute see where the path to the beach leads.  It is a 2 minute journey.  So we'll figure it out. Sometimes it used to be Sometimes it used to be Sometimes it used to be [Music] [Song voice] How was my [Music] [Song voice] How was my [Music] [Song voice] How was my friendship, my friendship, my friendship, my heart wanted to say [Music] But I don't get to listen to you, heart wanted to say [Music] But I don't get to listen to you, heart wanted to say [Music] But I don't get to listen to you, good morning guys.  It is 9:42 am and I am here good morning guys.  It is 9:42 am and I am here good morning guys.  It is 9:42 am and I am here at Ashwin beach just walking and at Ashwin beach just walking and at Ashwin beach just walking and having fun.  I feel so grateful.  I was having fun.  I feel so grateful.  I was having fun.  I feel so grateful.  I was listening to some music and then I also listening to some music and then I also listening to some music and then I also clicked some pictures.  Like I did not clicked some pictures.  Like I did not clicked some pictures.  Like I did not find any stranger.  They clicked my photo find any stranger.  They clicked my photo find any stranger.  They clicked my photo because I also click because I also click because I also click their pictures.  And you know what guys. their pictures.  And you know what guys. their pictures.  And you know what guys. I didn't think I would have so much I didn't think I would have so much I didn't think I would have so much fun on a solo trip.  Like this is my fun on a solo trip.  Like this is my fun on a solo trip.  Like this is my actual first day here and I feel like actual first day here and I feel like actual first day here and I feel like so good like I already feel like I am having fun like this so good like I already feel like I am having fun like this so good like I already feel like I am having fun like this and this time when I was booking the ticket and this time when I was booking the ticket and this time when I was booking the ticket then I was then I was then I was more excited than afraid because last time when more excited than afraid because last time when more excited than afraid because last time when I went to Nepal alone, my first solo I went to Nepal alone, my first solo I went to Nepal alone, my first solo trip then I was so scared and I was very trip then I was so scared and I was very trip then I was so scared and I was very nervous that what will happen to me, nervous that what will happen to me, nervous that what will happen to me, how will I enjoy, I have to how will I enjoy, I have to how will I enjoy, I have to click my pictures like this but iss baar mere click my pictures like this but iss baar mere click my pictures like this but iss baar mere ko aisa kuch bhi feel nahi hua this time I was like even if I don't have ko aisa kuch bhi feel nahi hua this time I was like even if I don't have ko aisa kuch bhi feel nahi hua this time I was like even if I don't have pictures it doesn't pictures it doesn't pictures it doesn't matter I am just going to have fun I am going to matter I am just going to have fun I am going to matter I am just going to have fun I am going to enjoy my solo life.  I'm gonna take enjoy my solo life.  I'm gonna take enjoy my solo life.  I'm gonna take selfies.  This was all there was.  But I am already selfies.  This was all there was.  But I am already selfies.  This was all there was.  But I am already having so much fun.  I feel so grateful for having so much fun.  I feel so grateful for having so much fun.  I feel so grateful for this life.  And get him out of the house.  You will this life.  And get him out of the house.  You will this life.  And get him out of the house.  You will feel good.  You should notice that whenever feel good.  You should notice that whenever feel good.  You should notice that whenever you are at home, whether in the house or in a room you are at home, whether in the house or in a room you are at home, whether in the house or in a room like in your apartment, anywhere like in your apartment, anywhere like in your apartment, anywhere like in a closed room, then you will feel a like in a closed room, then you will feel a like in a closed room, then you will feel a lot of mental stress.  And you feel like it's not lot of mental stress.  And you feel like it's not lot of mental stress.  And you feel like it's not happening.  This is not happening to happening.  This is not happening to happening.  This is not happening to me.  You will definitely not miss all this.  But me.  You will definitely not miss all this.  But me.  You will definitely not miss all this.  But as soon as you step out of the house, you can as soon as you step out of the house, you can as soon as you step out of the house, you can literally feel literally feel literally feel that you are overthinking and suddenly you feel like I can do this. that you are overthinking and suddenly you feel like I can do this. So get out of the house, get out of the room So get out of the house, get out of the room So get out of the house, get out of the room and have fun.  Go for a work. and have fun.  Go for a work. and have fun.  Go for a work. And one thing that makes me very happy is And one thing that makes me very happy is And one thing that makes me very happy is that I have become a morning person. that I have become a morning person. that I have become a morning person. What?  I am thinking like this. What?  I am thinking like this. What?  I am thinking like this. I can't believe that I am going to stay here for 7 days. I can't believe that I am going to stay here for 7 days. And there is another reason you know why I came And there is another reason you know why I came And there is another reason you know why I came to Goa.  I will be very honest with you guys, to Goa.  I will be very honest with you guys, to Goa.  I will be very honest with you guys, what is there to hide from you guys. what is there to hide from you guys. what is there to hide from you guys. Actually I wanted to shift cities.  I was Actually I wanted to shift cities.  I was Actually I wanted to shift cities.  I was telling the same thing to Papa that I want to telling the same thing to Papa that I want to telling the same thing to Papa that I want to shift cities.  I want to like go to Mumbai shift cities.  I want to like go to Mumbai shift cities.  I want to like go to Mumbai or different things like that.  It happens that right now I am feeling like I want or different things like that.  It happens that right now I am feeling like I want or different things like that.  It happens that right now I am feeling like I want to to to explore more.  I want to make blogs but explore more.  I want to make blogs but explore more.  I want to make blogs but in different cities because I have lived in Delhi a in different cities because I have lived in Delhi a in different cities because I have lived in Delhi a lot.  But I don't think I will be lot.  But I don't think I will be lot.  But I don't think I will be able to leave Delhi either.  So let's see.  So able to leave Delhi either.  So let's see.  So able to leave Delhi either.  So let's see.  So Goa was on my list for a long time, ever since Goa was on my list for a long time, ever since Goa was on my list for a long time, ever since I came to Goa for the first time, I felt that I came to Goa for the first time, I felt that I came to Goa for the first time, I felt that I had to stay in the beach. I had to stay in the beach. I had to stay in the beach. I love beaches because beaches I love beaches because beaches I love beaches because beaches always like you know they do something to my always like you know they do something to my always like you know they do something to my mind like I start feeling so happy and good so that was it. mind like I start feeling so happy and good so that was it. mind like I start feeling so happy and good so that was it. But let's see, But let's see, But let's see, everyone has such excitement everyone has such excitement everyone has such excitement and happiness on the first day.  So let's see and happiness on the first day.  So let's see and happiness on the first day.  So let's see how my 7 day trip goes and I how my 7 day trip goes and I how my 7 day trip goes and I am looking for a breakfast spot guys.   It's am looking for a breakfast spot guys.   It's am looking for a breakfast spot guys.   It's very early in the morning so no restaurants are very early in the morning so no restaurants are very early in the morning so no restaurants are open.  I want to go to a cute open.  I want to go to a cute open.  I want to go to a cute cafe.  I want to have sandwiches.  I Want to Have Anything cafe.  I want to have sandwiches.  I Want to Have Anything cafe.  I want to have sandwiches.  I Want to Have Anything Like Breakfast at Breakfast. Like Breakfast at Breakfast. Like Breakfast at Breakfast. I want to have bread to be very honest. I want to have bread to be very honest. I want to have bread to be very honest. And I'll go grocery shopping too.  I'll And I'll go grocery shopping too.  I'll And I'll go grocery shopping too.  I'll buy some for my BnB as I wo buy some for my BnB as I wo buy some for my BnB as I wo n't be able to leave overnight.  Since I'm n't be able to leave overnight.  Since I'm n't be able to leave overnight.  Since I'm on a solo trip.  So that's the update.  I will also on a solo trip.  So that's the update.  I will also on a solo trip.  So that's the update.  I will also take you guys along with me.  The Wa and take you guys along with me.  The Wa and take you guys along with me.  The Wa and Na people are cleaning the beach.  Let me show you. Ok.  So I'm looking for [music] a Ok.  So I'm looking for [music] a Ok.  So I'm looking for [music] a grocery store because I need to buy grocery store because I need to buy grocery store because I need to buy some things.  I don't think I will be some things.  I don't think I will be some things.  I don't think I will be able to go out in the evening.  So that's it. able to go out in the evening.  So that's it. able to go out in the evening.  So that's it. Showing 300 meters from here.  So I Showing 300 meters from here.  So I Showing 300 meters from here.  So I love to work.  So I am just walking only. love to work.  So I am just walking only. love to work.  So I am just walking only. This is close guys.  The grocery [MUSIC] store This is close guys.  The grocery [MUSIC] store This is close guys.  The grocery [MUSIC] store is closed, guys.  Everything is closed. [Music] Do you know what time it is, guys? know what time it is, guys? know what time it is, guys? It's 12 PM and I'm done with my brunch. It's 12 PM and I'm done with my brunch. It's 12 PM and I'm done with my brunch. I went for a walk also because I was I went for a walk also because I was I went for a walk also because I was walking in the middle.  And this day is walking in the middle.  And this day is walking in the middle.  And this day is feeling so long, which is so good. feeling so long, which is so good. feeling so long, which is so good. Because I don't wake up early-early na.   So Because I don't wake up early-early na.   So Because I don't wake up early-early na.   So today I woke up early.  So my today I woke up early.  So my today I woke up early.  So my day seems so long to me.  Like I have the day seems so long to me.  Like I have the day seems so long to me.  Like I have the entire day still.  And yes, I have done entire day still.  And yes, I have done entire day still.  And yes, I have done some small grocery shopping.  The some small grocery shopping.  The some small grocery shopping.  The bigger store was closed so bigger store was closed so bigger store was closed so I picked up a few things from the smaller one.  Just in I picked up a few things from the smaller one.  Just in I picked up a few things from the smaller one.  Just in case I get hungry at night, guys, I'm case I get hungry at night, guys, I'm case I get hungry at night, guys, I'm still [music] not sure if still [music] not sure if still [music] not sure if I should go out because I'm going to be a I should go out because I'm going to be a I should go out because I'm going to be a little late coming back, so I'm scared little late coming back, so I'm scared little late coming back, so I'm scared [music] since I'm on a solo trip.  This [music] since I'm on a solo trip.  This [music] since I'm on a solo trip.  This is my outfit by the way it looks so good and I am also is my outfit by the way it looks so good and I am also is my outfit by the way it looks so good and I am also wearing a cap.  And here so many wearing a cap.  And here so many wearing a cap.  And here so many dog ​​people are hungry that I get very scared. dog ​​people are hungry that I get very scared. It's About to Rain Guys.  I [MUSIC] am so It's About to Rain Guys.  I [MUSIC] am so It's About to Rain Guys.  I [MUSIC] am so scared.  I don't know why I am doing this scared.  I don't know why I am doing this scared.  I don't know why I am doing this to myself. I'm just walking by the beach and really I'm just walking by the beach and really I'm just walking by the beach and really liking my outfit. So I am looking for a dinner place and I might go there So I am looking for a dinner place and I might go there So I am looking for a dinner place and I might go there which is behind me because which is behind me because which is behind me because my BnB host also my BnB host also my BnB host also recommended it.  [Music] I Really recommended it.  [Music] I Really recommended it.  [Music] I Really Want Some Good Pictures or That's Why I'm Want Some Good Pictures or That's Why I'm Want Some Good Pictures or That's Why I'm Looking for Something Girly But Then I Can't Looking for Something Girly But Then I Can't Looking for Something Girly But Then I Can't Find Any Girls.  I'm thinking there's Find Any Girls.  I'm thinking there's Find Any Girls.  I'm thinking there's a guy right here in front of me.  I am thinking a guy right here in front of me.  I am thinking a guy right here in front of me.  I am thinking of asking him whether he will click my photo of asking him whether he will click my photo of asking him whether he will click my photo or not.  But then he is very busy or not.  But then he is very busy or not.  But then he is very busy Working out as you guys can see So I am here for dinner and I was having a So I am here for dinner and I was having a So I am here for dinner and I was having a chill dinner But pata nahi dil mein thoda thoda dak ho raha hai Because chill dinner But pata nahi dil mein thoda thoda dak ho raha hai Because chill dinner But pata nahi dil mein thoda thoda dak ho raha hai Because you know [Music] So my one is here I was saying that I am feeling So my one is here I was saying that I am feeling So my one is here I was saying that I am feeling very dirty because I have to go to my place very dirty because I have to go to my place very dirty because I have to go to my place because my pasta is not coming.  I had my pasta is not coming.  I had my pasta is not coming.  I had [music] to go also. Good morning people.  It's a new day.  So let's just say that it's a Good morning people.  It's a new day.  So let's just say that it's a Good morning people.  It's a new day.  So let's just say that it's a beautiful day. beautiful day. beautiful day. Today I did not feel like getting up. Today I did not feel like getting up. Today I did not feel like getting up. And it has just started raining again. And it has just started raining again. And it has just started raining again. Like rain comes and stops just before it stops. Like rain comes and stops just before it stops. Like rain comes and stops just before it stops. So it is raining right now.  I Can See From Here So it is raining right now.  I Can See From Here So it is raining right now.  I Can See From Here Like From a Window.  Now I am going to make Like From a Window.  Now I am going to make Like From a Window.  Now I am going to make myself a cup of coffee and I will also have myself a cup of coffee and I will also have myself a cup of coffee and I will also have bread with butter and some banana bread with butter and some banana bread with butter and some banana chips.  I know early in the morning but I'm gonna have chips.  I know early in the morning but I'm gonna have chips.  I know early in the morning but I'm gonna have it.  And my plan for today is to it.  And my plan for today is to it.  And my plan for today is to dress up and go to eat Goan Thali. dress up and go to eat Goan Thali. dress up and go to eat Goan Thali. Because I had Goan thali last time also.   It is Because I had Goan thali last time also.   It is Because I had Goan thali last time also.   It is giving sunlight right now.  Then again, I have giving sunlight right now.  Then again, I have giving sunlight right now.  Then again, I have eaten Goan thali before.  But then I don't really eaten Goan thali before.  But then I don't really eaten Goan thali before.  But then I don't really remember the taste.  So ya but I am I am I am happy birthday Nikki.   Thank happy birthday Nikki.   Thank happy birthday Nikki.   Thank you.   Thank you.  Come on guys, I am all ready and I feel super guys, I am all ready and I feel super guys, I am all ready and I feel super pretty.  I am wearing this pretty pretty.  I am wearing this pretty pretty.  I am wearing this pretty kaftan top.  And This Is From The Brand kaftan top.  And This Is From The Brand kaftan top.  And This Is From The Brand Fashion Capital.  I have this Minisa bag.  It's Fashion Capital.  I have this Minisa bag.  It's Fashion Capital.  I have this Minisa bag.  It's from MirageO.  This is out of stock.  And from MirageO.  This is out of stock.  And from MirageO.  This is out of stock.  And I have this footwear here which I wore yesterday also. I have this footwear here which I wore yesterday also. I have this footwear here which I wore yesterday also. And I will take this for you all. And I will take this for you all. And I will take this for you all. It's from MTR and what else or I am It's from MTR and what else or I am It's from MTR and what else or I am going to go to have Goan Thali.  I have going to go to have Goan Thali.  I have going to go to have Goan Thali.  I have booked a taxi.  It's in more gym booked a taxi.  It's in more gym booked a taxi.  It's in more gym because I checked and the famous Goan because I checked and the famous Goan because I checked and the famous Goan thali toh do like recommendation came, I did thali toh do like recommendation came, I did thali toh do like recommendation came, I did not like recommendation and my BNB not like recommendation and my BNB not like recommendation and my BNB host also recommended this place which I am going to. host also recommended this place which I am going to. host also recommended this place which I am going to. So ya oh my driver is here by. So ya oh my driver is here by. So my thali is here.  I don't know what is in it. So my thali is here.  I don't know what is in it. So my thali is here.  I don't know what is in it. I didn't do my restage. I didn't do my restage. I didn't do my restage. Ok.  So let's eat.  I don't know how to eat. Ok.  So let's eat.  I don't know how to eat. Ok.  So let's eat.  I don't know how to eat. This is so good.  Wow. Oh this is so soft.   It 's good friend. I swear guys if someone asks me for a lift I swear guys if someone asks me for a lift I swear guys if someone asks me for a lift I will say yes because I am so I will say yes because I am so I will say yes because I am so tired.  I've been working straight for tired.  I've been working straight for tired.  I've been working straight for [music] like 20 minutes now.  But Am I [music] like 20 minutes now.  But Am I [music] like 20 minutes now.  But Am I About to Reach?  It's only 4 minutes.  But since long it was About to Reach?  It's only 4 minutes.  But since long it was About to Reach?  It's only 4 minutes.  But since long it was showing only 6 minutes. I am here.  I am leaving now. I am here.  I am leaving now. I am here.  I am leaving now. Oh my God.  I can't believe that I am Oh my God.  I can't believe that I am Oh my God.  I can't believe that I am enjoying solo trip guys.  It's so fun.  And enjoying solo trip guys.  It's so fun.  And enjoying solo trip guys.  It's so fun.  And you guys might be wondering why I am you guys might be wondering why I am you guys might be wondering why I am carrying an iPad?  It's because my sister has carrying an iPad?  It's because my sister has carrying an iPad?  It's because my sister has taken my power bank.  And I didn't want you to know taken my power bank.  And I didn't want you to know taken my power bank.  And I didn't want you to know repurchase it.  So or I will ask repurchase it.  So or I will ask repurchase it.  So or I will ask someone to click a picture for me because someone to click a picture for me because someone to click a picture for me because I am feeling pretty. I am feeling pretty. I am feeling pretty. Now ok ok guys it's a new day.  So let's just say that guys it's a new day.  So let's just say that guys it's a new day.  So let's just say that [music] it's a beautiful day.  I'm [music] it's a beautiful day.  I'm [music] it's a beautiful day.  I'm on my way to have some machas.  [Music] on my way to have some machas.  [Music] on my way to have some machas.  [Music] Yesterday, I was walking all alone down the road. Yesterday, I was walking all alone down the road. Yesterday, I was walking all alone down the road. Then I Noticed [Music] Then I Noticed [Music] Then I Noticed [Music] That There's a Good Matcha Place.  So I need to go there.  I That There's a Good Matcha Place.  So I need to go there.  I That There's a Good Matcha Place.  So I need to go there.  I mean I want [music] to go there mean I want [music] to go there mean I want [music] to go there because I want to have good matcha.  I wanna have because I want to have good matcha.  I wanna have because I want to have good matcha.  I wanna have something.  It's Quiet Late Now.  It's something.  It's Quiet Late Now.  It's something.  It's Quiet Late Now.  It's like afternoon.  And I haven't like afternoon.  And I haven't like afternoon.  And I haven't eaten anything yet.  And if someone gives me a lift, eaten anything yet.  And if someone gives me a lift, eaten anything yet.  And if someone gives me a lift, I will definitely take it. I will definitely take it. I will definitely take it. Like falling deep Like falling deep Like falling deep [Song sound][Music] of [Music] [Song sound] laughing [Song sound][Music] [Music] Walking walking walking I think think think I'll get very skinny if I go on a trip to Goa. I'll get very skinny if I go on a trip to Goa. I'll get very skinny if I go on a trip to Goa. Because I've been working a lot.   If Because I've been working a lot.   If Because I've been working a lot.   If someone gives me a lift, I will definitely someone gives me a lift, I will definitely someone gives me a lift, I will definitely take it. Guys, someone gave me a lift.   The person who Guys, someone gave me a lift.   The person who Guys, someone gave me a lift.   The person who gave me a lift today was also gave me a lift today was also gave me a lift today was also from Maharashtra. [singing voice][music] I pack [music] myself some dinner lunch or I pack [music] myself some dinner lunch or I pack [music] myself some dinner lunch or dinner whatever you call it 'cause I'm not gonna go dinner whatever you call it 'cause I'm not gonna go dinner whatever you call it 'cause I'm not gonna go out today it's very very hot and I don't want to out today it's very very hot and I don't want to out today it's very very hot and I don't want to read my skin I [singing voice] when we in the we can't we can do it we can do it I can't find when we in the we can't we can do it we can do it I can't find the miss Good morning people it's a new day so let's say that it's Good morning people it's a new day so let's say that it's Good morning people it's a new day so let's say that it's a beautiful day.  Today a beautiful day.  Today a beautiful day.  Today is my day one like day three and day four here is my day one like day three and day four here is my day one like day three and day four here in Goa.  I for to keep the track but or I'm in Goa.  I for to keep the track but or I'm in Goa.  I for to keep the track but or I'm really having fun and I do really having fun and I do really having fun and I do n't have any plans for today.  Today I think I will stay n't have any plans for today.  Today I think I will stay n't have any plans for today.  Today I think I will stay in my room because I need to work.  I in my room because I need to work.  I in my room because I need to work.  I need to do some shooting.  So I will complete that. need to do some shooting.  So I will complete that. need to do some shooting.  So I will complete that. I guess.  But in the evening I may come here because I guess.  But in the evening I may come here because I guess.  But in the evening I may come here because yesterday also I did not come.  And I was getting so much yesterday also I did not come.  And I was getting so much yesterday also I did not come.  And I was getting so much FOMO.  I was thinking FOMO.  I was thinking FOMO.  I was thinking I was in Goa.  Even after that I I was in Goa.  Even after that I I was in Goa.  Even after that I am in the room.  Aisa feeling aa raha tha mere ko am in the room.  Aisa feeling aa raha tha mere ko am in the room.  Aisa feeling aa raha tha mere ko million [music][song voice] million [music][song voice] million [music][song voice] conversation [song voice][music] [song voice][music] [song voice][music] you you are more this picture guys iss baari na maine bahut crazy packing kiya hai. maine bahut crazy packing kiya hai. maine bahut crazy packing kiya hai. Like I did pack a lot.  It was Like I did pack a lot.  It was Like I did pack a lot.  It was packed so much that I had to carry two trolleys. packed so much that I had to carry two trolleys. packed so much that I had to carry two trolleys. And I pack so And I pack so And I pack so much because I thought I would make much because I thought I would make much because I thought I would make so many contents.  You know so many contents.  You know so many contents.  You know I will make so many videos like this.  And I missed I will make so many videos like this.  And I missed I will make so many videos like this.  And I missed creating so much that I thought this time I will creating so much that I thought this time I will creating so much that I thought this time I will create so much content.  I will create so much content. create so much content.  I will create so much content. create so much content.  I will create so much content. So I just got ready to go So I just got ready to go So I just got ready to go nowhere.  I'm gonna be filming some videos now. nowhere.  I'm gonna be filming some videos now. nowhere.  I'm gonna be filming some videos now. I will film a hole video.  Thinking of I will film a hole video.  Thinking of I will film a hole video.  Thinking of one or two.  And it is not raining too much in between. one or two.  And it is not raining too much in between. one or two.  And it is not raining too much in between. So I don't know that So I don't know that So I don't know that I will go anywhere today, not now.  I am very I will go anywhere today, not now.  I am very I will go anywhere today, not now.  I am very grateful that I went in the morning.  But I will grateful that I went in the morning.  But I will grateful that I went in the morning.  But I will try to go again because I do want to see try to go again because I do want to see try to go again because I do want to see sunset and eat something and sunset and eat something and sunset and eat something and not go to the beach. not go to the beach. not go to the beach. So let's see.  Right now I will need at least two or So let's see.  Right now I will need at least two or So let's see.  Right now I will need at least two or one hour to film this one hour to film this one hour to film this video.  So I will see you all after video.  So I will see you all after video.  So I will see you all after filming this video.  OK 3 hours later guys. filming this video.  OK 3 hours later guys. filming this video.  OK 3 hours later guys. I just got done filming two I just got done filming two I just got done filming two videos.  I need to edit also, videos.  I need to edit also, videos.  I need to edit also, I will do the editing later.  I am not sure I will do the editing later.  I am not sure I will do the editing later.  I am not sure weather, I should go out or not because it is a little weather, I should go out or not because it is a little weather, I should go out or not because it is a little rainy season.  Well, rainy season.  Well, rainy season.  Well, it is monsoon and it is going to be a rainy season. it is monsoon and it is going to be a rainy season. it is monsoon and it is going to be a rainy season. But a little while ago it was raining heavily But a little while ago it was raining heavily But a little while ago it was raining heavily and we stopped in between, then it rains again, and we stopped in between, then it rains again, and we stopped in between, then it rains again, I am not sure.  But I will just get ready I am not sure.  But I will just get ready I am not sure.  But I will just get ready you know because it is almost you know because it is almost you know because it is almost sunset time. sunset time. sunset time. I'm going I'm going [song voice] I'm going I'm going [song voice] I'm going I'm going [song voice] Mujhe roke na koi I'm going I'm going I'm going Mujhe roke na koi I'm going I'm going I'm going Mujhe roke na koi I'm going I'm going I'm going for dinner.  It is too early for for dinner.  It is too early for for dinner.  It is too early for dinner but still I don't want dinner but still I don't want dinner but still I don't want you to rush to eat later.  So I just want to enjoy, you to rush to eat later.  So I just want to enjoy, I have been going through this route for three days. I have been going through this route for three days. I have been going through this route for three days. But then I keep forgetting. But then I keep forgetting. But then I keep forgetting. Okay, I have applied too much blush but Okay, I have applied too much blush but Okay, I have applied too much blush but it's fine.  [Music] Okay. yes [music] [song voice] yes [music] [song voice] yes [music] [song voice] wait just a minute now what I do wait just a minute now what I do wait just a minute now what I do to me [music] to me [music] to me [music] yes [sing voice] I do [music] to wait a second take it slow wait say okay I'm a little wait a second take it slow wait say okay I'm a little drunk right now so let me tell you all something that I did drunk right now so let me tell you all something that I did drunk right now so let me tell you all something that I did n't think n't think n't think I'd enjoy solo shrooms so much I'd enjoy solo shrooms so much I'd enjoy solo shrooms so much man it's so fun I feel so man it's so fun I feel so man it's so fun I feel so happy I feel so blessed I happy I feel so blessed I happy I feel so blessed I feel so grateful feel so grateful feel so grateful what is this life?  Oh my God. what is this life?  Oh my God. what is this life?  Oh my God. [Song voice] So much to be [Song voice] So much to be [Song voice] So much to be grateful for.  [screaming] I love beaches, man.  I like the beach very much.  Too I love beaches, man.  I like the beach very much.  Too I love beaches, man.  I like the beach very much.  Too much [music] too much. much [music] too much. much [music] too much. too much too much too much. too much too much too much. too much too much too much. Fun.   That's it Fun.   That's it Fun.   That's it for today. for today. for today. I need to leave for my BnB because I don't wanna be I need to leave for my BnB because I don't wanna be I need to leave for my BnB because I don't wanna be late 10 on 10 experience dude late 10 on 10 experience dude late 10 on 10 experience dude 10 on 10 [music] go on solo date guys you're 10 on 10 [music] go on solo date guys you're 10 on 10 [music] go on solo date guys you're going to love it if you're going to the beaches then do one thing if going to love it if you're going to the beaches then do one thing if going to love it if you're going to the beaches then do one thing if [music] you love [music] you love [music] you love beaches like me do one thing get your BnB a beaches like me do one thing get your BnB a beaches like me do one thing get your BnB a little beach front so that it's little beach front so that it's little beach front so that it's easier for you know because I love easier for you know because I love easier for you know because I love beaches and [music] my take on this class trip was beaches and [music] my take on this class trip was beaches and [music] my take on this class trip was I just wanna go near beaches walk I just wanna go near beaches walk I just wanna go near beaches walk by the beaches [music] eat near the beaches and that's it. by the beaches [music] eat near the beaches and that's it. by the beaches [music] eat near the beaches and that's it. I am covering my face.  I I am covering my face.  I I am covering my face.  I Can See Some People Making Reels There and I Don't Wanna Come Can See Some People Making Reels There and I Don't Wanna Come Can See Some People Making Reels There and I Don't Wanna Come In There [Music] In There [Music] In There [Music] You Know Page.  Later mine will be coming in the For You page. You Know Page.  Later mine will be coming in the For You page. You Know Page.  Later mine will be coming in the For You page. By the way [music] I think By the way [music] I think By the way [music] I think so good guys.  10 on 10 I highly recommend so good guys.  10 on 10 I highly recommend so good guys.  10 on 10 I highly recommend solo trip. solo trip. solo trip. Fun.   Come on, I need to go. Fun.   Come on, I need to go. Fun.   Come on, I need to go. I need to go but I don't really have to worry about whether I need to go but I don't really have to worry about whether I need to go but I don't really have to worry about whether I will I will I will reach safely or not.  Because it's only 2 reach safely or not.  Because it's only 2 reach safely or not.  Because it's only 2 minutes away.  There are not even 2 minutes left.  But that's where it's minutes away.  There are not even 2 minutes left.  But that's where it's minutes away.  There are not even 2 minutes left.  But that's where it's fun. Masti Good morning guys.  It's a new day.  So let's just say that it's a Good morning guys.  It's a new day.  So let's just say that it's a Good morning guys.  It's a new day.  So let's just say that it's a beautiful day. beautiful day. beautiful day. I am having bread and coffee.  You guys might be wondering what happened to I am having bread and coffee.  You guys might be wondering what happened to I am having bread and coffee.  You guys might be wondering what happened to Gom.  It's Gom.  It's Gom.  It's 11:3 AM and I just revealed that I bought a house.  Oh my 11:3 AM and I just revealed that I bought a house.  Oh my so excited. You know I am having bread.  So the whole thing is You know I am having bread.  So the whole thing is You know I am having bread.  So the whole thing is falling out of my hands.  Coffee Everything Is falling out of my hands.  Coffee Everything Is falling out of my hands.  Coffee Everything Is Just Like Falling Off.   I'm Just Like Falling Off.   I'm Just Like Falling Off.   I'm going crazy guys.  So sorry.  I will see you later. going crazy guys.  So sorry.  I will see you later. Ok.  So it is 1:1 PM and I am going to get Ok.  So it is 1:1 PM and I am going to get Ok.  So it is 1:1 PM and I am going to get ready to go to a cafe, new day, new cafe, this ready to go to a cafe, new day, new cafe, this ready to go to a cafe, new day, new cafe, this is my Goa trip, I had told you all is my Goa trip, I had told you all is my Goa trip, I had told you all earlier that I don't expect any touristy things earlier that I don't expect any touristy things earlier that I don't expect any touristy things from my side, I thought I would go to from my side, I thought I would go to from my side, I thought I would go to art galleries but they are very far art galleries but they are very far art galleries but they are very far away, so I don't want to go, anyway I have away, so I don't want to go, anyway I have away, so I don't want to go, anyway I have no interest in that, but I thought that I no interest in that, but I thought that I no interest in that, but I thought that I can do a little bit of touristy things can do a little bit of touristy things can do a little bit of touristy things but I don't have money and today my plan is to but I don't have money and today my plan is to but I don't have money and today my plan is to go to a cafe. go to a cafe. go to a cafe. I have seen a lot about that cafe in reels. I have seen a lot about that cafe in reels. I have seen a lot about that cafe in reels. But I was not sure whether I should go But I was not sure whether I should go But I was not sure whether I should go or not.  But someone has or not.  But someone has or not.  But someone has personally recommended it to me.  So I am going to go there personally recommended it to me.  So I am going to go there dear.  Ok.  So let's get ready quickly.   First of all, I will dear.  Ok.  So let's get ready quickly.   First of all, I will dear.  Ok.  So let's get ready quickly.   First of all, I will reapply sunscreen.   Ca reapply sunscreen.   Ca reapply sunscreen.   Ca n't believe that I can tell you guys right now n't believe that I can tell you guys right now n't believe that I can tell you guys right now that I am a home owner.  I have that I am a home owner.  I have that I am a home owner.  I have bought a house.  Still can't believe it, man.  Every bought a house.  Still can't believe it, man.  Every bought a house.  Still can't believe it, man.  Every time I think about this, I don't know that I have taken it home. time I think about this, I don't know that I have taken it home. My Heart Skips a Bit Guys.  Like can't believe can't believe. My Heart Skips a Bit Guys.  Like can't believe can't believe. My Heart Skips a Bit Guys.  Like can't believe can't believe. Can't Believe.  I hope you all have Can't Believe.  I hope you all have Can't Believe.  I hope you all have such moments in your life that you can't such moments in your life that you can't such moments in your life that you can't believe.  Can't believe moment. believe.  Can't believe moment. believe.  Can't believe moment. Sorry guys, little too excited.  But you guys Sorry guys, little too excited.  But you guys Sorry guys, little too excited.  But you guys can understand.  This was my only can understand.  This was my only can understand.  This was my only dream.  Only dream. Guys my outfit is so pretty like look Guys my outfit is so pretty like look Guys my outfit is so pretty like look at this top it's raining again at this top it's raining again at this top it's raining again so the top looks like this it is completely open so the top looks like this it is completely open so the top looks like this it is completely open from the back you will have to tie like this that's the from the back you will have to tie like this that's the from the back you will have to tie like this that's the reason I have also tied my hair and I have reason I have also tied my hair and I have reason I have also tied my hair and I have my MirageO bag and inside it my MirageO bag and inside it my MirageO bag and inside it I am wearing this one from Amazon it is I am wearing this one from Amazon it is I am wearing this one from Amazon it is so soft like it is so stretchable and there is so soft like it is so stretchable and there is so soft like it is so stretchable and there is lining inside also.  So you don't really have to worry about it lining inside also.  So you don't really have to worry about it lining inside also.  So you don't really have to worry about it you know like a little see through all you know like a little see through all you know like a little see through all this and underneath I am this and underneath I am this and underneath I am wearing my black denim shs OG wala and wearing my black denim shs OG wala and wearing my black denim shs OG wala and for footwear I am wearing this one from for footwear I am wearing this one from for footwear I am wearing this one from theatre and that is it ok dinner time guys I am having spicy ramen dinner time guys I am having spicy ramen dinner time guys I am having spicy ramen it is unhealthy but what to do I am it is unhealthy but what to do I am it is unhealthy but what to do I am craving for something spicy and craving for something spicy and craving for something spicy and and left over shim I don't have any and left over shim I don't have any and left over shim I don't have any left over how will it be right now it won't be left over how will it be right now it won't be left over how will it be right now it won't be crispy only or it will be soggy crispy only or it will be soggy crispy only or it will be soggy but it is fine and also I was thinking of but it is fine and also I was thinking of but it is fine and also I was thinking of extending my days in Goa.  I was extending my days in Goa.  I was extending my days in Goa.  I was thinking that I am here only till the 31st thinking that I am here only till the 31st thinking that I am here only till the 31st [sound of clearing throat] I have [sound of clearing throat] I have [sound of clearing throat] I have booked this BnB till the 31st and I was thinking that booked this BnB till the 31st and I was thinking that booked this BnB till the 31st and I was thinking that after that I will go to South Goa for maybe like after that I will go to South Goa for maybe like after that I will go to South Goa for maybe like three to four days but no I am three to four days but no I am three to four days but no I am craving for [laughs] craving for [laughs] craving for [laughs] Rice Nagaland Thali so I am thinking Rice Nagaland Thali so I am thinking Rice Nagaland Thali so I am thinking that I should go to Delhi.  So I'm having this yum that I should go to Delhi.  So I'm having this yum good afternoon guys.  It's a new day.  So let's just say that it's a good afternoon guys.  It's a new day.  So let's just say that it's a good afternoon guys.  It's a new day.  So let's just say that it's a beautiful day. beautiful day. beautiful day. It is 240 p.m.  And and you know what guys It is 240 p.m.  And and you know what guys It is 240 p.m.  And and you know what guys I didn't eat anything yet.  And I feel like I didn't eat anything yet.  And I feel like I didn't eat anything yet.  And I feel like eating something.  So I'm going to go to eating something.  So I'm going to go to eating something.  So I'm going to go to this this this cafe, restaurant, lunch.  I don't know.  Meaning cafe, restaurant, lunch.  I don't know.  Meaning cafe, restaurant, lunch.  I don't know.  Meaning it's all in one.  I think I like it's all in one.  I think I like it's all in one.  I think I like breakfast in the morning or something like that because breakfast in the morning or something like that because breakfast in the morning or something like that because I have searched for these people and I don't I have searched for these people and I don't I have searched for these people and I don't understand understand understand what exactly they sell because I have what exactly they sell because I have what exactly they sell because I have seen it on Zomato, they are selling like seen it on Zomato, they are selling like seen it on Zomato, they are selling like sandwiches and all which I want to have it but sandwiches and all which I want to have it but sandwiches and all which I want to have it but if I go and check out Instagram then they if I go and check out Instagram then they if I go and check out Instagram then they sell drinks and all but whatever it is, I just want to have something sell drinks and all but whatever it is, I just want to have something sell drinks and all but whatever it is, I just want to have something today I was thinking today I was thinking today I was thinking that I should order food at home that I should order food at home that I should order food at home because I did not feel like going out because I did not feel like going out because I did not feel like going out but I was like no, I am going after two days, but I was like no, I am going after two days, but I was like no, I am going after two days, what about tomorrow or the day after tomorrow, I think I am going there so I need to like enjoy what about tomorrow or the day after tomorrow, I think I am going there so I need to like enjoy and another thing is I was thinking that and another thing is I was thinking that and another thing is I was thinking that today I will go for a massage but I don't really have a today I will go for a massage but I don't really have a today I will go for a massage but I don't really have a good experience with massage good experience with massage good experience with massage because I have been to two times, one in Nepal and because I have been to two times, one in Nepal and because I have been to two times, one in Nepal and one in Delhi and I did really like it I like one in Delhi and I did really like it I like one in Delhi and I did really like it I like Urban Company massage like ghar me Urban Company massage like ghar me Urban Company massage like ghar me bula ke massage that is better so I think I won't bula ke massage that is better so I think I won't bula ke massage that is better so I think I won't go because  I am mentally preparing myself since yesterday go because  I am mentally preparing myself since yesterday go because  I am mentally preparing myself since yesterday that I will go for that I will go for that I will go for massage tomorrow but I don't know my heart and mind are massage tomorrow but I don't know my heart and mind are massage tomorrow but I don't know my heart and mind are all saying that don't go so or I am not all saying that don't go so or I am not all saying that don't go so or I am not going ok I am going to get ready now and I will also going ok I am going to get ready now and I will also going ok I am going to get ready now and I will also film a reel I hope you guys are film a reel I hope you guys are film a reel I hope you guys are watching my Instagram reels and all watching my Instagram reels and all watching my Instagram reels and all because reels are done YouTube shots are done because I have been because reels are done YouTube shots are done because I have been because reels are done YouTube shots are done because I have been filming a lot like filming a lot like filming a lot like literally I have been filming so much so literally I have been filming so much so literally I have been filming so much so still I will film my outfit still I will film my outfit still I will film my outfit and then I will take you guys with me and then I will take you guys with me and then I will take you guys with me new day new cafe open new day new cafe open new day new cafe open nice love will happen.  [Song voice] Going back to my BNB.  Today I am Going back to my BNB.  Today I am Going back to my BNB.  Today I am not going to watch the sunset because baby should enjoy not going to watch the sunset because baby should enjoy not going to watch the sunset because baby should enjoy because it is very cloudy like this, because it is very cloudy like this, because it is very cloudy like this, so I will not get the sunset [music]. so I will not get the sunset [music]. so I will not get the sunset [music]. So that's it, So that's it, So that's it, now here people are coming because it's sunset now here people are coming because it's sunset now here people are coming because it's sunset time, but I am going to have so much time, but I am going to have so much time, but I am going to have so much fun guys.  There's so much fun [music].  I fun guys.  There's so much fun [music].  I fun guys.  There's so much fun [music].  I need to go on a solo trip again very soon. need to go on a solo trip again very soon. need to go on a solo trip again very soon. So much fun, I had a lot of fun this trip. So much fun, I had a lot of fun this trip. So much fun, I had a lot of fun this trip. My kind of fun.  You know what My kind of fun.  You know what My kind of fun.  You know what guys?  Earlier, when guys?  Earlier, when guys?  Earlier, when I used to go on tour, oh sorry, I used to go on tour, oh sorry, I used to go on tour, oh sorry, I used to feel a lot of pressure that I need to show this I used to feel a lot of pressure that I need to show this I used to feel a lot of pressure that I need to show this [music] and vlog that and vlog like this [music] and vlog that and vlog like this [music] and vlog that and vlog like this and I was not able to enjoy and I was not able to enjoy and I was not able to enjoy because I used to try to do touristy [music] stuff so because I used to try to do touristy [music] stuff so because I used to try to do touristy [music] stuff so that you know, the vlogs look that you know, the vlogs look that you know, the vlogs look interesting.  But as I'm growing older, I'm interesting.  But as I'm growing older, I'm interesting.  But as I'm growing older, I'm realizing realizing realizing that if I don't like it, I do that if I don't like it, I do that if I don't like it, I do n't like it [the music].  Isn't it?  And there will be n't like it [the music].  Isn't it?  And there will be n't like it [the music].  Isn't it?  And there will be some people who love to travel like me. some people who love to travel like me. some people who love to travel like me. And you know like they will only be And you know like they will only be And you know like they will only be attracted [music] to my channel.   So that's it.  I'm attracted [music] to my channel.   So that's it.  I'm attracted [music] to my channel.   So that's it.  I'm Crossing Guys.  Crossing Have An Update Guys.  I may not look sad right now but I am very very very Have An Update Guys.  I may not look sad right now but I am very very very Have An Update Guys.  I may not look sad right now but I am very very very sad sad sad because I have done something very stupid. because I have done something very stupid. because I have done something very stupid. My trip was 10 on 10 until I rendered.   Yes.  Do you My trip was 10 on 10 until I rendered.   Yes.  Do you My trip was 10 on 10 until I rendered.   Yes.  Do you know what I did guys?  I am so know what I did guys?  I am so know what I did guys?  I am so stupid that I booked a stupid that I booked a stupid that I booked a return ticket from Goa on 31st August and I return ticket from Goa on 31st August and I return ticket from Goa on 31st August and I booked it from BNB, I have booked it from BNB, I have booked it from BNB, I have also given the location here that I need a also given the location here that I need a also given the location here that I need a taxi for the airport and taxis in Goa are very expensive taxi for the airport and taxis in Goa are very expensive taxi for the airport and taxis in Goa are very expensive so it was around 2000 so so it was around 2000 so so it was around 2000 so in total I have done something like 100800 and in total I have done something like 100800 and in total I have done something like 100800 and I feel so stupid 100800 and this will not be refunded I feel so stupid 100800 and this will not be refunded I feel so stupid 100800 and this will not be refunded also also also I could have gone to Pilates yesterday only I was I could have gone to Pilates yesterday only I was I could have gone to Pilates yesterday only I was thinking that I will go to Delhi and join Pilates. thinking that I will go to Delhi and join Pilates. thinking that I will go to Delhi and join Pilates. I could have bought so many things with this I could have bought so many things with this I could have bought so many things with this money.  I feel so bad.   I see it in your eye. in your eye. in your eye. Or I Can Read the Sign Or I Can Read the Sign Or I Can Read the Sign Guys Look at My Outfit.  So pretty. Guys Look at My Outfit.  So pretty. Guys Look at My Outfit.  So pretty. See tell you all what my plans are for today. what my plans are for today. what my plans are for today. I don't want to go out to be very honest I don't want to go out to be very honest I don't want to go out to be very honest but I will regret it for sure.  So I'll just but I will regret it for sure.  So I'll just but I will regret it for sure.  So I'll just go by the beach, walk by the beach, and then eat something go by the beach, walk by the beach, and then eat something go by the beach, walk by the beach, and then eat something by the beach, and that's what they said. by the beach, and that's what they said. by the beach, and that's what they said. So come on So come on So come on [music] you need to get. It's [music] solo trip is fun until you have to ask solo trip is fun until you have to ask solo trip is fun until you have to ask others to click pictures for you.  But you know others to click pictures for you.  But you know others to click pictures for you.  But you know what?  I just saw a girl like she looks what?  I just saw a girl like she looks what?  I just saw a girl like she looks very North Eastern.  So I asked him where are you from very North Eastern.  So I asked him where are you from very North Eastern.  So I asked him where are you from ?  She said she is ?  She said she is ?  She said she is from Nagaland.  But I later from Nagaland.  But I later from Nagaland.  But I later asked where she was from?  I ask her if you know can you asked where she was from?  I ask her if you know can you asked where she was from?  I ask her if you know can you please click pictures of me please click pictures of me please click pictures of me and she was like sure.  I said just keep pulling and she was like sure.  I said just keep pulling and she was like sure.  I said just keep pulling , keep pulling, keep pulling and , keep pulling, keep pulling and , keep pulling, keep pulling and she did exactly that. she did exactly that. she did exactly that. Now I do have so many pictures.  I am Now I do have so many pictures.  I am Now I do have so many pictures.  I am sure at least one or two good ones would have come. sure at least one or two good ones would have come. sure at least one or two good ones would have come. And my plan for today was to ensure that my And my plan for today was to ensure that my And my plan for today was to ensure that my phone's battery is fully charged.  Battery pura full phone's battery is fully charged.  Battery pura full phone's battery is fully charged.  Battery pura full hoke I will just sit by the beach and you no hoke I will just sit by the beach and you no hoke I will just sit by the beach and you no listen to music like this.  So I am doing exactly that.  The listen to music like this.  So I am doing exactly that.  The listen to music like this.  So I am doing exactly that.  The weather is getting a little bad. weather is getting a little bad. weather is getting a little bad. So I'm planning to go somewhere.  I am So I'm planning to go somewhere.  I am So I'm planning to go somewhere.  I am not hungry.  So I may you know like walk by not hungry.  So I may you know like walk by not hungry.  So I may you know like walk by the beach for a while.  After that I will go get something to eat. the beach for a while.  After that I will go get something to eat. Letts C.  I have seen a beautiful restaurant. Letts C.  I have seen a beautiful restaurant. Letts C.  I have seen a beautiful restaurant. But I feel like I will need But I feel like I will need But I feel like I will need to cross.  The entire place is within 8 minutes drive from here.  I don't mind to cross.  The entire place is within 8 minutes drive from here.  I don't mind to cross.  The entire place is within 8 minutes drive from here.  I don't mind working.  So let's see. working.  So let's see. I'M SO GRATEFUL.  I can't stop I'M SO GRATEFUL.  I can't stop I'M SO GRATEFUL.  I can't stop romanticizing.  You know, whatever song I am listening to, romanticizing.  You know, whatever song I am listening to, romanticizing.  You know, whatever song I am listening to, I am imagining myself in it.  I I am imagining myself in it.  I I am imagining myself in it.  I have listened to a lot of music especially have listened to a lot of music especially have listened to a lot of music especially Kaavish Taylor Swift and Atif Assalam.  Of Kaavish Taylor Swift and Atif Assalam.  Of Kaavish Taylor Swift and Atif Assalam.  Of Course And There Are So Many Singers Like Course And There Are So Many Singers Like Course And There Are So Many Singers Like Poora [Music] Mixed Songs.  You know I have also listened Poora [Music] Mixed Songs.  You know I have also listened Poora [Music] Mixed Songs.  You know I have also listened to Keshi.  Like he is one of to Keshi.  Like he is one of to Keshi.  Like he is one of those singers.  I used to listen to it a lot two-three years those singers.  I used to listen to it a lot two-three years those singers.  I used to listen to it a lot two-three years ago.  I am listening to all the singers again. ago.  I am listening to all the singers again. ago.  I am listening to all the singers again. And oh my god, it feels so good. And oh my god, it feels so good. And oh my god, it feels so good. Surely I am going to miss this trip.  This Surely I am going to miss this trip.  This Surely I am going to miss this trip.  This trip was so perfect.  Till I rendered trip was so perfect.  Till I rendered trip was so perfect.  Till I rendered by booking ticket for 31st August but no one. by booking ticket for 31st August but no one. by booking ticket for 31st August but no one. Whatever happens, happens for a reason. Whatever happens, happens for a reason. Whatever happens, happens for a reason. Something must have happened for some reason.  Maybe Goa Something must have happened for some reason.  Maybe Goa Something must have happened for some reason.  Maybe Goa wants me to see again, [music] wants me wants me to see again, [music] wants me wants me to see again, [music] wants me to visit again.  Maybe Goa wants me to to visit again.  Maybe Goa wants me to to visit again.  Maybe Goa wants me to settle here.  Hu Noz.  I don't want to settle here settle here.  Hu Noz.  I don't want to settle here settle here.  Hu Noz.  I don't want to settle here but I but I but I think I'm more of a city girl as I think I'm more of a city girl as I think I'm more of a city girl as I love city life. love city life. love city life. I hope you guys also go on a solo trip after I hope you guys also go on a solo trip after I hope you guys also go on a solo trip after watching this video.  Trust me it's not that watching this video.  Trust me it's not that watching this video.  Trust me it's not that bad.  You need to make it good.  You should bad.  You need to make it good.  You should bad.  You need to make it good.  You should make this trip good for yourself.  And you make this trip good for yourself.  And you make this trip good for yourself.  And you should travel the way you want to.  Like For should travel the way you want to.  Like For should travel the way you want to.  Like For Me Traveling Is All About Food, Works and Me Traveling Is All About Food, Works and Me Traveling Is All About Food, Works and You Know Beaches like Just Like That You Know I You Know Beaches like Just Like That You Know I You Know Beaches like Just Like That You Know I love to slow travel.  So you guys can also do the way love to slow travel.  So you guys can also do the way love to slow travel.  So you guys can also do the way you love so that your trip is memorable. you love so that your trip is memorable. you love so that your trip is memorable. I was also planning to get a tattoo I was also planning to get a tattoo I was also planning to get a tattoo but hm hm I am scared.  And I don't but hm hm I am scared.  And I don't but hm hm I am scared.  And I don't want to be so impulsive.  By the way, I have been want to be so impulsive.  By the way, I have been want to be so impulsive.  By the way, I have been thinking about getting a tattoo for thinking about getting a tattoo for thinking about getting a tattoo for a very long time.  So I won't say this will be a very long time.  So I won't say this will be a very long time.  So I won't say this will be impulsive also but I can't trust it. impulsive also but I can't trust it. impulsive also but I can't trust it. And what I need today, I may And what I need today, I may And what I need today, I may not need tomorrow.  [MUSIC] So I don't want like that, not need tomorrow.  [MUSIC] So I don't want like that, not need tomorrow.  [MUSIC] So I don't want like that, you know, tattoos, so it's really you know, tattoos, so it's really you know, tattoos, so it's really a big commitment.  Here are some things I a big commitment.  Here are some things I a big commitment.  Here are some things I want you guys to take from me. want you guys to take from me. want you guys to take from me. Romanticize everything like romanticize Romanticize everything like romanticize Romanticize everything like romanticize literally everything if you listen to music literally everything if you listen to music literally everything if you listen to music romanticize [music] that sad music romanticize [music] that sad music romanticize [music] that sad music imagine yourself happy music imagine yourself imagine yourself happy music imagine yourself imagine yourself happy music imagine yourself any music imagine yourself and any music imagine yourself and any music imagine yourself and another thing is everything happens for a reason another thing is everything happens for a reason another thing is everything happens for a reason if anything is happening in your life right now, good or bad everything happens if anything is happening in your life right now, good or bad everything happens if anything is happening in your life right now, good or bad everything happens for a reason for a reason for a reason and it is preparing you for something good and it is preparing you for something good and it is preparing you for something good and what is yours will come to you in the right time and what is yours will come to you in the right time and what is yours will come to you in the right time so don't worry about why is it not coming so don't worry about why is it not coming so don't worry about why is it not coming to me to me to me why is nothing good happening in my life [music]? why is nothing good happening in my life [music]? why is nothing good happening in my life [music]? Because everything happens for a reason and when Because everything happens for a reason and when Because everything happens for a reason and when it comes, it will come very well.  It will come it comes, it will come very well.  It will come it comes, it will come very well.  It will come 10 times better.  And be grateful for everything. 10 times better.  And be grateful for everything. 10 times better.  And be grateful for everything. Because when you are grateful, Because when you are grateful, Because when you are grateful, God will bless you even more. God will bless you even more. God will bless you even more. And I am talking like this And I am talking like this And I am talking like this without looking at the camera because I am without looking at the camera because I am without looking at the camera because I am acting as if even I am on a video call so that acting as if even I am on a video call so that acting as if even I am on a video call so that people do not think I am creepy.  But I don't people do not think I am creepy.  But I don't people do not think I am creepy.  But I don't really worry about people now.  Go for a really worry about people now.  Go for a really worry about people now.  Go for a solo trip guys.  Take my words you're solo trip guys.  Take my words you're solo trip guys.  Take my words you're gonna love it.  You have to make it gonna love it.  You have to make it gonna love it.  You have to make it interesting.  [MUSIC] You have to make it interesting.  [MUSIC] You have to make it interesting.  [MUSIC] You have to make it fun. fun. fun. Oh my god guys.  Oh my God.  I Met One of Oh my god guys.  Oh my God.  I Met One of Oh my god guys.  Oh my God.  I Met One of You Guys and I For To Ask Her Name Is You Guys and I For To Ask Her Name Is You Guys and I For To Ask Her Name Is Always Again.  Why do I forget to Always Again.  Why do I forget to Always Again.  Why do I forget to ask your name?  But we had a really good ask your name?  But we had a really good ask your name?  But we had a really good conversation.  She was saying that she [music] conversation.  She was saying that she [music] conversation.  She was saying that she [music] watches my video you know while having watches my video you know while having watches my video you know while having food like food.  Makes me so happy.  I ca food like food.  Makes me so happy.  I ca food like food.  Makes me so happy.  I ca n't believe people from Goa also n't believe people from Goa also n't believe people from Goa also watch my videos.  She was from Goa watch my videos.  She was from Goa watch my videos.  She was from Goa only and only and only and I was thinking that you know I will put a I was thinking that you know I will put a I was thinking that you know I will put a story asking if anyone from Goa story asking if anyone from Goa story asking if anyone from Goa wants to hang out like that but I didn't. wants to hang out like that but I didn't. wants to hang out like that but I didn't. I think I should have done it. I think I should have done it. I think I should have done it. I never thought that someone from Goa would I never thought that someone from Goa would I never thought that someone from Goa would watch my video like this.  But none of watch my video like this.  But none of watch my video like this.  But none of [music] I'm going tomorrow.  And it was [music] I'm going tomorrow.  And it was [music] I'm going tomorrow.  And it was nice to meet you dear. Oh my ok guys it's drizzling [music] but ok guys it's drizzling [music] but ok guys it's drizzling [music] but my heart is not agreeing to go to the BnB I my heart is not agreeing to go to the BnB I my heart is not agreeing to go to the BnB I think it's my last day even if I get sick think it's my last day even if I get sick think it's my last day even if I get sick it's fine I'm just gonna go by it's fine I'm just gonna go by it's fine I'm just gonna go by the beach listen to some good music and you the beach listen to some good music and you the beach listen to some good music and you no work for some time because because I am here I am here near no work for some time because because I am here I am here near my BnB only my BnB only my BnB only my BnB is just 2 minutes away from here my BnB is just 2 minutes away from here my BnB is just 2 minutes away from here so I'm gonna listen to some music and so I'm gonna listen to some music and so I'm gonna listen to some music and work by the beach this is life oh my god work by the beach this is life oh my god work by the beach this is life oh my god anyway Goa's rain is like this only anyway Goa's rain is like this only anyway Goa's rain is like this only one minute it's pouring [music] then the next one minute it's pouring [music] then the next one minute it's pouring [music] then the next minute it stops raining so I think it's gonna be the same minute it stops raining so I think it's gonna be the same minute it stops raining so I think it's gonna be the same today too and I might get drenched.  I don't today too and I might get drenched.  I don't today too and I might get drenched.  I don't care.  I am very close to BNB. care.  I am very close to BNB. care.  I am very close to BNB. I'm just gonna work two I'm just gonna work two I'm just gonna work two rounds. rounds. rounds. This is life, friend.  This is life.  Whenever I am This is life, friend.  This is life.  Whenever I am This is life, friend.  This is life.  Whenever I am in my room, okay no I will overthink everything, in my room, okay no I will overthink everything, in my room, okay no I will overthink everything, I will watch this vlog.  And I I will watch this vlog.  And I I will watch this vlog.  And I will remind myself like Gom.  You just need will remind myself like Gom.  You just need will remind myself like Gom.  You just need a trip.  You are doing good.  You need a trip a trip.  You are doing good.  You need a trip a trip.  You are doing good.  You need a trip and a trip will fix you.  This is to and a trip will fix you.  This is to and a trip will fix you.  This is to remind myself I will post this remind myself I will post this remind myself I will post this video. So I've been working by the beach So I've been working by the beach So I've been working by the beach Romanticizing Romanticizing Romanticizing so many songs I've heard Mostly sad so many songs I've heard Mostly sad so many songs I've heard Mostly sad and I feel so grateful I don't know how to say goodbye I'm and I feel so grateful I don't know how to say goodbye I'm crying I'm genuinely enjoying this trip so much crying I'm genuinely enjoying this trip so much crying I'm genuinely enjoying this trip so much I had so much fun alone I had so much fun alone I had so much fun alone Oh my god I don't know guys I'm feeling Oh my god I don't know guys I'm feeling Oh my god I don't know guys I'm feeling so emotional so emotional Trust me you need to go on a solo trip Trust me you need to go on a solo trip Trust me you need to go on a solo trip Go it right now If you were thinking Because Go it right now If you were thinking Because Go it right now If you were thinking Because I was also always like this You that solo I was also always like this You that solo I was also always like this You that solo trip me kya hi mazaa bahut hoga Who will click trip me kya hi mazaa bahut hoga Who will click trip me kya hi mazaa bahut hoga Who will click my pictures Strangers will even if my pictures Strangers will even if my pictures Strangers will even if strangers don't click strangers don't click strangers don't click selfies Take more than enough I did that My selfies Take more than enough I did that My selfies Take more than enough I did that My whole trip And and if you feel like whole trip And and if you feel like whole trip And and if you feel like how will you eat alone And all how will you how will you eat alone And all how will you how will you eat alone And all how will you travel alone And all [Music] Trust me everything will happen travel alone And all [Music] Trust me everything will happen travel alone And all [Music] Trust me everything will happen And once you start doing it It's And once you start doing it It's And once you start doing it It's so addictive Like You will feel so good You will feel so addictive Like You will feel so good You will feel so addictive Like You will feel so good You will feel so powerful You will so powerful You will so powerful You will feel so good You will feel like Now no one can feel so good You will feel like Now no one can feel so good You will feel like Now no one can hurt me You no like I  Can do anything and hurt me You no like I  Can do anything and hurt me You no like I  Can do anything and everything alone you will get that feeling everything alone you will get that feeling everything alone you will get that feeling trust me until next trust me until next trust me until next time time time bye thank you thank you for everything I will miss this bye thank you thank you for everything I will miss this bye thank you thank you for everything I will miss this for sure I am going to miss this guys it's 11:30 pm I have done my skincare 11:30 pm I have done my skincare 11:30 pm I have done my skincare and I am also done with my packing and I am also done with my packing and I am also done with my packing and now I need to sleep but before that I thought I will do an and now I need to sleep but before that I thought I will do an and now I need to sleep but before that I thought I will do an outro.  This trip was outro.  This trip was outro.  This trip was really good and I had so much fun.  What I'm going to really good and I had so much fun.  What I'm going to really good and I had so much fun.  What I'm going to say to you from this video is if [music] say to you from this video is if [music] say to you from this video is if [music] you've been thinking about going on a solo you've been thinking about going on a solo you've been thinking about going on a solo trip then you should because it was so much fun.   It was a trip then you should because it was so much fun.   It was a trip then you should because it was so much fun.   It was a lot of fun.  And thank you so much for lot of fun.  And thank you so much for lot of fun.  And thank you so much for watching till the end.  If you guys have watched watching till the end.  If you guys have watched watching till the end.  If you guys have watched this video till here then comment this emoji. this video till here then comment this emoji. this video till here then comment this emoji. And do let me know if I should make more of you know like And do let me know if I should make more of you know like And do let me know if I should make more of you know like solo trip or trip wala vlog. solo trip or trip wala vlog. solo trip or trip wala vlog. Because my usual thing is I don't really want to vlog Because my usual thing is I don't really want to vlog Because my usual thing is I don't really want to vlog on Trip, but I think on Trip, but I think on Trip, but I think I [music] should what you guys I [music] should what you guys I [music] should what you guys think like do let me know in the comments think like do let me know in the comments think like do let me know in the comments section.  Thank you so much for watching till the section.  Thank you so much for watching till the section.  Thank you so much for watching till the end bye bye.  Love you.