We are back in Tokyo, Japan, our
favorite city in the entire world. You
guys know that by now. Last time we
spoke to you, we were traveling here to
Japan for a big job with JR Central. We
told you guys we're going to fill you in
on how that all went, but it's a big
project. It's going to come out later.
We wanted to keep filming, so we're back
from that. We went to incredible cities
we had never visited before, such as
Shizuoka, Uji. It was just an incredible
trip, man.
As much as we love traveling all around
Japan, man,
it feels good to be back here in Tokyo.
Tokyo just feels like our home. Second
home. Yeah, home away from home, for
real. So, we have some really fun plans
now that we're back. We want to enjoy
our favorite city in the world, and of
course we have to start with some
coffee. But, I know what you guys are
thinking already. Oh, they're going to
go to Bongane, they're going to go to
their favorite spot, they go there every
time.
Yep. No, we're resisting.
We have to try and break the cycle and
try new spots. So, we're going to a new
cafe here in Shinjuku. I'm super excited
to check it out.
The spot that we wanted to try today is
named Coffee Swirl, and it was the most
cozy cafe with an instantly welcoming
and [music] cool vibe to it. It was a
really intimate space, barely being able
to seat more than 10 people [music]
inside, but they really utilize every
square inch of the spot and fill every
corner of it with life.
[music] design to the vinyl records on
display all around the cafe, which they
actually play on their in-shop record
player. We were listening to some
beautiful jazz while watching these
masters of their craft make a perfect
cup of coffee. It was a pretty
unbeatable cafe experience. But, besides
the perfect [music] ambiance, we have to
talk about these unbelievable lattes we
had here, which were arguably the
smoothest, most delicious lattes [music]
we have ever had, and that's not an easy
title for us to give, especially with
all of the amazing [music] coffee that
we've had in Tokyo. It was the perfect
start to a big day of exploring ahead of
us, and as we hit the road, we were
instantly filled with joy and gratitude
to be back in the city that we love so,
so dearly. The frantic energy, the
architecture, the endless options of
what to do next, it all feels so
familiar to us, almost like we're right
back home in New York, but even better.
We were craving a peaceful walk to
decompress a bit after [music] our big
JR Central trip, and just ground
ourselves a bit in the fact that we are
back here, and we knew just the right
place to go for that.
I'm so hungry.
We got it. This is a spot we have been
dying to try for a while now. They make
like premium wagyu steak sandwiches. One
thing about meat, I don't typically like
sandwiches that much, but every time
I've had a sandwich in Japan, even as
simple as like the 7-Eleven sandwiches,
they're so good. So good. Something
about the bread, Mhm.
and just everything. So, imagining a
wagyu piece of beef, I I don't know. I'm
so excited to try this. We need to go to
a park or something cuz they only had to
go orders there.
So, we want to go sit down and enjoy
these, and there's a park like right
here, walking distance. Yeah, it's close
by.
Let's go.
Perfect spot.
It's really warm, let me feel it.
Oh my gosh, I cannot wait. It's so warm.
Also, while you do that,
look at this view we have.
Look.
Oh, big moment, big moments.
Looks so good.
My goodness. That looks so beautiful and
perfect.
I think we should have gotten more cuz
I'm scared Yeah, wait.
enough.
To be very clear, I said we should get
two full-size orders, two of those
boxes. But, Ryland was like, "Oh, that's
too much, that's too much." So, I said,
"Okay, as long as you're fine with me
getting four of those six
pieces. You thought that's what you
could handle? I'm getting my four
pieces. Now, proceed. Let's eat.
Okay, well, anyways, I am the most
hungry I've ever been, so I should have
definitely gotten a full box.
Yeah. Yep. Okay, cheers.
Are you pissed? Happy for you.
Are you kidding me?
I just have to start learning to like
just know that even though you're saying
one thing, you really mean another. I
should have known. I had my head was
like, "She definitely wants her own
box." I should have just gone for it.
Yes, you can have three, we'll split it
down the middle. Aw, thank you. Yeah.
This is the best sandwich I've ever had.
Oh my gosh. I really want some wagyu.
This is the most juicy and just tender
piece of steak I've ever had.
That
will be the last bite of that for a
while, so I need you to savor it for me.
Oh, oh, the pressure's on. [laughter]
like I am so sad that I don't have more
of it.
We would have if you would have just
listened
to your American instincts, right? We
were being Americans, we were eating
with our eyes. We thought, you know, we
got there, we asked her, "How many would
you suggest?" She said, "How hungry are
you?" I said, "Oh, I'm the hungriest
I've ever been in my entire life."
[laughter] And she said, "Okay, you
probably need four slices, and then she
can have the two." Came with six total.
I said, "Ryland,
you know how we are. You know we both
want to eat."
Anyways, I don't know why I keep going
over this. I'm just sad.
You didn't savor that. The last word out
of your mouth was sad, and then you ate
it.
You made me happy again.
You made me happy. That was absolutely
amazing. This park is so beautiful.
We are having the best day ever. The
only thing is, we realized we didn't
pack cold enough. The places we're
traveling to from here are warmer, so we
were like, "Okay, when we land in Japan,
we'll just buy something we need if we
need it." Turns out it is still pretty
chilly here.
So, one of our favorite brands right
now, currently, is Uniqlo. I wear so
much Uniqlo, it's ridiculous. All my
workout stuff.
All of our basics. All my pants. I love
the barrel pants from there. The thing
is, it's a Japanese brand, and their
flagship store, like the big mega store,
six stories, seven stories.
Yeah, it's actually right here
in the area, in Ginza. We want to go
check it out, maybe get some sweaters or
just a few things that we can have more
to wear while we're here. Yeah.
After exploring all 12 floors of this
massive Uniqlo, including a full-scale
[music] Uniqlo branded coffee shop on
the top floor, we finally checked out
with our new items and headed back into
Ginza at night. I swear there's nothing
quite as magical as Tokyo after dark.
But anyways, before jumping on the metro
to head home, we had one more stop at a
local store that specialized entirely in
salmon because we needed salmon for
tonight's dinner. As we mentioned in our
recent vlog, we've been prioritizing
having more balance during our travels.
It's tempting to eat out for every meal
in such a major food city like this, but
we were actually really excited about
cooking together [music] at our place
tonight. Plus, recently I had some blood
work done and my doctor pointed out that
I had abnormally high levels of iron and
some hormone imbalances, [music] which
has brought about some noticeable
symptoms. So, recently I've wanted to
incorporate some dietary [music] changes
to help address these issues. And
honestly, making life changes like this
while traveling used to feel impossible,
but I've been seeing a registered
dietitian virtually by using the sponsor
of today's [music] video, Nourish. I
started using Nourish because it's
entirely virtual, which is perfect for
us as frequent travelers. [music]
Plus, it's actually covered by most
insurance with 94% of people paying $0
out of pocket. Using the app, I was able
to filter through what registered
dietitians [music] that specialize in
things like hormone balancing and
travel. I found the perfect match for me
and I've been seeing my registered
[music] dietitian over Zoom
periodically, even arranging a session
before this Japan trip, where she ended
up giving me some [music] incredibly
useful tips on foods I could incorporate
into my diet while here in Japan that
would help me maintain my goals. I also
love how I can message her through the
app and log my meals in real time so
that she can help me adapt to the
unpredictable nature of life on the
road. It's been a complete game-changer
for me and I fully believe [music] it
will be for you, too. So, if you're
interested in giving it a try, check out
Nourish today using the link in the
description and book your first [music]
appointment in under 5 minutes.
I know we said we were going to resist
the urge to come back here, but we never
promised we would stay away for the
entire video, for the entire Tokyo trip.
And there's another caveat here.
This location we've never been to. Yeah,
so it is like a new cafe. It's a new
cafe, technically. We're back at
Bongain, of course. We We just can't. We
can't resist. We have to have it this
morning. Plus, we have some really
exciting plans in the area after this,
so we wanted to stop by and have our
morning cup of coffee right here. Let's
do it.
Ryland is
frantically leading us because we are
just barely going to make it on time for
a very exciting lunch reservation that
we have. If you guys have been watching
our Tokyo vlogs over the years, you know
when it comes to sushi in Tokyo, we have
never had much luck with getting
reservations. So, we tend to always go
to this one spot, which still special
place in our heart. We love it so much,
one of our favorite sushi spots we've
gone to around the world. But the reason
we go there all the time is because you
don't need a reservation. It's easy.
This time around, I discovered a service
called Japanesey, JPN Easy. It's kind of
like a concierge service that helps
And we're here, so let's go.
Go go go go go.
That was hands down the best food
experience we've ever had. I mean,
genuinely, how do you top that? We were
literally skipping down the street full
of gratitude and happiness. The only
thing I could think of that I could add
anything [music] more onto this immense
joy was returning to a spot in this area
that we had tried last year, in which we
had the perfect matcha latte. [music]
So, we made our way there with just a
short walk and were met by a pretty
sizable queue. But knowing how good this
matcha was, we decided [music] it was
worth the wait.
The line moved pretty fast and before we
knew it, we were watching this lovely
barista make our matcha. As she dumped
scoop after [music] scoop after scoop of
premium-grade matcha into the bowl to be
whisked for our drinks, knowing how
expensive matcha [music] is, it's nice
to see how generous they are here at
Cloud Cafe with their servings. And you
can really see it with the deep, vibrant
green of the final [music] product.
After she finished making our matcha
lattes, we stood together nearby
enjoying every last sip as we reflected
on our incredible day so far and decided
that we wanted to do a little bit of
vintage shopping [music]
since we hadn't yet on this Tokyo trip.
So, we made our way over to the iconic
area of Harajuku with a specific vintage
shop in mind, but not without first
getting sidetracked by the buzzing and
bustling at Takeshita Street.
Oh my gosh.
If you know us,
you know we couldn't possibly come Tokyo
without paying a visit to Shibuya
Scramble.
This place is so just intriguing to us.
So crazy how many people always, without
fail, there will be
Literally, it's living proof of the fact
that Tokyo is the most populated city in
the world. Because how are you going to
tell me that every time this light turns
green, there's this many people to cross
this crosswalk? I don't understand.
So crazy.
Come on, come on, come on.
Let's go. Let's go.
We're here in Tokyo, baby. This is so
cute. This is like the first thing you
ever did in Japan. I know. Memories. It
always brings you right back.
This is when it feels like we're in
Tokyo, officially. Oh my gosh, it's
crazy.
Look at this.
I love this city with all my heart. Me,
too.
And I love you with all my heart. Mhm. I
love you. So, yes, of course we came
here for Shibuya Scramble, but we also
came here because earlier when we were
at Sushi Omakase, we were sat next to
this absolutely lovely woman who started
speaking with us and we got into talking
about what we do for a living and stuff
and when she heard we were content
creators, she was like, "Oh, if you ever
need recommendations or anything on what
to do,
you can always ask me."
And so, we asked her, "Is there anywhere
we can grab some good Japanese dinner
tonight, Friday night, with no
reservations?"
And she was like, "Oh, I have the
perfect place." Yeah. And she said it's
actually in Shibuya Scramble, like the
main big building that's here. And they
make like some of the best udon in
Tokyo, apparently. So,
we're hoping it'll be worth
the hype Yes. that she put on it. I'm
sure it will. She seemed to know her
food.
So, yeah, we're we're hungry and we're
ready for that. So hungry.
So, fortunately for us, we needed to
cross again in order to make it over to
the Shibuya Scramble Square. And we had
a blast watching everyone excitedly line
up before the light turned green. Once
we made it to Shibuya Scramble Square,
we then had to ride up 12 escalators to
get up to the floor for tonight's
suggested restaurant. Turns out this
place is definitely popular, but it is a
Friday evening and we've learned two
things over time with our multiple trips
here to Japan. One, pretty much
everything worth queuing up for will
have a queue here. Two, the queue will
almost always be significantly faster
than you expect. [music] So, we happily
got in line and just as we expected, the
line moved incredibly fast with us
reaching the front within 30 to 45
minutes somehow. And guys, before even
trying a bite of food, we could already
confidently say that this place was
worth the hype because look at this view
we had from our seats. It's hard for us
to fully put into words what this city
means to us. But as they brought out our
order and we took our first bite of what
would turn out to be one of the most
delicious bowls of udon we've ever had
together while looking out over the
dazzling lights of the Shibuya skyline,
all we could do is fall in love with
this place all over again. Thank you
guys so much for hanging out with us on
this one. And thank you, Tokyo, for
welcoming us back with [music] open arms
as you always do.
