Manmadarasa Manmadarasa Kanni Valakare Kannula Lesa Kannula Lesa Manmadarasa Manmadarasa Kanni Valakare Kannula Lesa Kannula Lesa Manmadarasa Manmadarasa Kanni Valakare Kannula Lesa Kannula Lesa What are What are What are you doing? Who are you? you doing? Who are you? you doing? Who are you? My love, this is my house, who are you? It was you who My love, this is my house, who are you? It was you who My love, this is my house, who are you? It was you who told me to come to house number 13. It was you who told me to come to house number 13. It was you who told me to come to house number 13. It was you who told me to come to get my ears pierced. It was you. I am the one who told me to come to get my ears pierced. It was you. I am the one who told me to come to get my ears pierced. It was you. I am the one who pierced my ears. Is that so? Yes, yes, pierced my ears. Is that so? Yes, yes, pierced my ears. Is that so? Yes, yes, tell me who pierced my ears.   Do you know what tell me who pierced my ears.   Do you know what our daughter is doing? Is our daughter is doing? Is our daughter is doing? Is it because she has already had her ears and nose pierced? Is it because she it because she has already had her ears and nose pierced? Is it because she it because she has already had her ears and nose pierced? Is it because she is being told to do it again? Is is being told to do it again? Is is being told to do it again? Is it old-fashioned or the latest fashion it old-fashioned or the latest fashion it old-fashioned or the latest fashion ? ? ? What is it? What is it? What is it? Piercing the navel. Piercing the navel. Piercing the navel. Oh, sinful, the bond between a mother and her child is like a umbilical cord Oh, sinful, the bond between a mother and her child is like a umbilical cord Oh, sinful, the bond between a mother and her child is like a umbilical cord .  Are .  Are you thinking of having fun by piercing the ring?   Did you thinking of having fun by piercing the ring?   Did you thinking of having fun by piercing the ring?   Did I ever say that? I ever say that? I ever say that? I said she's our daughter. I said she's our daughter. I said she's our daughter. I just said she's our daughter.  Did I I just said she's our daughter.  Did I I just said she's our daughter.  Did I say I'm a bad girl? If so, then that's it. say I'm a bad girl? If so, then that's it. say I'm a bad girl? If so, then that's it. Today it's Karnataka, Today it's Karnataka, Today it's Karnataka, tomorrow it's Andhra Pradesh, on the fourth day it's Kerala. That's tomorrow it's Andhra Pradesh, on the fourth day it's Kerala. That's tomorrow it's Andhra Pradesh, on the fourth day it's Kerala. That's not enough. not enough. not enough. You're the one who's here. You're the one who's here. You're the one who's here. [Screaming] You're the one who's here. [Screaming] You're the one who's here. [Screaming] You're the one who's here. Hey, we're all in the village, we're not going to put wet cloths on Hey, we're all in the village, we're not going to put wet cloths on Hey, we're all in the village, we're not going to put wet cloths on chickens. chickens. chickens. Do you know what I'm seeing? You chicken thief. I Do you know what I'm seeing? You chicken thief. I Do you know what I'm seeing? You chicken thief. I won't stand for three minutes. won't stand for three minutes. won't stand for three minutes. Sir, stop the car and move it a little, Sir, stop the car and move it a little, Sir, stop the car and move it a little, sir, please. sir, please. sir, please. Oh, who is the Pope? Oh, who is the Pope? Oh, who is the Pope? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Koyyalo Kuyyalo, Kumarathappa Kuyyaloi's Koyyalo Kuyyalo, Kumarathappa Kuyyaloi's Koyyalo Kuyyalo, Kumarathappa Kuyyaloi's song is powerful. song is powerful. song is powerful. Koyyalo or Koyyalo, Koyyalo or Koyyalo, Koyyalo or Koyyalo, thanks sir.   Thank you very much. very much. very much. What is it?  Thank you, if you What is it?  Thank you, if you What is it?  Thank you, if you were that arrogant fat person, you would be telling us the story of your car and making us laugh were that arrogant fat person, you would be telling us the story of your car and making us laugh .  Why? .  Why? .  Why? Will your feet hurt if you get off?  Sir, give both of these guys a Will your feet hurt if you get off?  Sir, give both of these guys a Will your feet hurt if you get off?  Sir, give both of these guys a heads up and get started heads up and get started heads up and get started .  The body has a boil on it .  The body has a boil on it .  The body has a boil on it .  See if there's a little more information.   They .  See if there's a little more information.   They both lay in the car, like watermelons going to the market. both lay in the car, like watermelons going to the market. both lay in the car, like watermelons going to the market. Something. Something. Something. Someone? Oh my, run.  That's why I was Oh my, run.  That's why I was Oh my, run.  That's why I was there to push the cart for you. there to push the cart for you. there to push the cart for you. I apologize then. I apologize then. I apologize then. I escaped by stealing.  I'm sorry, I don't I escaped by stealing.  I'm sorry, I don't know what your car is like.  I'm a [ __ ], I'm a fish know what your car is like.  I'm a [ __ ], I'm a fish Maybe he's brushing his teeth, don't you see Maybe he's brushing his teeth, don't you see Maybe he's brushing his teeth, don't you see there? A beautiful girl, there? A beautiful girl, there? A beautiful girl, Iyengar, has come to make a bakery. Let's Iyengar, has come to make a bakery. Let's Iyengar, has come to make a bakery. Let's see. see. see. Hey, there are a lot of customers coming to our shop Hey, there are a lot of customers coming to our shop Hey, there are a lot of customers coming to our shop .  Buy it, buy it, buy it, .  Buy it, buy it, buy it, .  Buy it, buy it, buy it, buy it, what is it? buy it, what is it? buy it, what is it? Three-pocket twist, Three-pocket twist, Three-pocket twist, one-pocket waistband.  Wow, one-pocket waistband.  Wow, one-pocket waistband.  Wow, this all seems this all seems this all seems like a scam. like a scam. like a scam. Is this a pot? Is this a pot? Is this a pot? Later, Baru Kamakshi became a silver merchant. Later, Baru Kamakshi became a silver merchant. Later, Baru Kamakshi became a silver merchant. So you only So you only So you only go out on Fridays? go out on Fridays? go out on Fridays? Okay, okay, take the list.  1 kg of Okay, okay, take the list.  1 kg of Okay, okay, take the list.  1 kg of metti, 3/4 kg of nookuthi, 1/4 kg of metti, 3/4 kg of nookuthi, 1/4 kg of metti, 3/4 kg of nookuthi, 1/4 kg of kammal. kammal. kammal. Look at this, it has acid mixed in it. Look at this, it has acid mixed in it. Look at this, it has acid mixed in it. Take it and pour it on top.  It will turn into blood Take it and pour it on top.  It will turn into blood Take it and pour it on top.  It will turn into blood .  Who wants it?  What should I do for .  Who wants it?  What should I do for .  Who wants it?  What should I do for you? you? We have just moved into the house opposite.  My name is Kanmani.  My name is We have just moved into the house opposite.  My name is Kanmani.  My name is We have just moved into the house opposite.  My name is Kanmani.  My name is Nilaveni. Nilaveni. Nilaveni. My name is gold, Sirena, lion. My name is gold, Sirena, lion. My name is gold, Sirena, lion. Oh, lion. Oh, lion. Oh, lion. As soon as you get here, go to Vampalli As soon as you get here, go to Vampalli As soon as you get here, go to Vampalli .  Will the crane eat the fish or not? Will the fish .  Will the crane eat the fish or not? Will the fish .  Will the crane eat the fish or not? Will the fish eat the crane? The man eats both. eat the crane? The man eats both. eat the crane? The man eats both. What do you want now? I want grace. What do you want now? I want grace. The devil rides a bicycle. The devil rides a bicycle. The devil rides a bicycle. Which one should I take? Which one should I take? Grace should come to me now. If you want grace, go straight to the temple pond and worship the Lord, Grace should come to me now. If you want grace, go straight to the temple pond and worship the Lord, Grace should come to me now. If you want grace, go straight to the temple pond and worship the Lord, or I or I or I will trample you. You shouldn't talk to me like that. That's how I will talk to you. You will trample you. You shouldn't talk to me like that. That's how I will talk to you. You don't respect me even a little. You were telling me that. don't respect me even a little. You were telling me that. don't respect me even a little. You were telling me that. Why did my brother tell you? Why did my brother tell you? Why did my brother tell you? Look at the moon and the face. You went to the tin and Look at the moon and the face. You went to the tin and Look at the moon and the face. You went to the tin and called me gold. called me gold. called me gold. Hey, is there any gold in you? Hey, is there any gold in you? Hey, is there any gold in you? People are coming and going. Don't you want me to? I don't know People are coming and going. Don't you want me to? I don't know People are coming and going. Don't you want me to? I don't know what you're doing. I've been what you're doing. I've been what you're doing. I've been destroying you. destroying you. destroying you. Oh, is it because you stole from me all these days? Oh, is it because you stole from me all these days? Oh, is it because you stole from me all these days? Who is watching me? Who is Who is watching me? Who is Who is watching me? Who is stealing from my house? What am I, a thief? I don't stealing from my house? What am I, a thief? I don't stealing from my house? What am I, a thief? I don't even have the right to be honest in this house. even have the right to be honest in this house. even have the right to be honest in this house. What have you done to me? You gave me a What have you done to me? You gave me a What have you done to me? You gave me a silver shop, a silver shop, a silver shop, a gold gold Then 450 Then 450 Then 450 families came and gave me 50 and families came and gave me 50 and families came and gave me 50 and talked about sex. talked about sex. talked about sex. What's wrong with you? What's wrong with you? You don't want to What's wrong with you? What's wrong with you? You don't want to talk about your relationship, what's wrong with you? What's wrong with you? There are talk about your relationship, what's wrong with you? What's wrong with you? There are talk about your relationship, what's wrong with you? What's wrong with you? There are 80 acres in Pollachi. 80 acres in Pollachi. 80 acres in Pollachi. You came with 40 You came with 40 You came with 40 acres. I've already taken acres. I've already taken acres. I've already taken 40 acres. 40 acres. Your father hurriedly built four small houses. Your father hurriedly built four small houses. Your father hurriedly built four small houses. My father was patient and My father was patient and My father was patient and built only one small house. That's because of the little house. He doesn't talk built only one small house. That's because of the little house. He doesn't talk about my father. He about my father. He about my father. He talks about my father. [Screaming] Right, one hand, brother, you Right, one hand, brother, you Right, one hand, brother, you all are one.  The reason for all this is all are one.  The reason for all this is all are one.  The reason for all this is my grandfather.  Hey, big daddy, my grandfather.  Hey, big daddy, my grandfather.  Hey, big daddy, I'll put it on you, big daddy [screaming], I'll put it on you, big daddy [screaming], I'll put it on you, big daddy [screaming], leave, leave, leave, leave, leave, if you want to go, let it go leave, leave, leave, leave, leave, if you want to go, let it go leave, leave, leave, leave, leave, if you want to go, let it go . . . That mango farmer is That mango farmer is That mango farmer is taking care of us for me.  I want to poke my eye. taking care of us for me.  I want to poke my eye. taking care of us for me.  I want to poke my eye. Hey, what are you staring at? Hey, what are you staring at? Papa, I don't like red dresses.  That's why a dog's Papa, I don't like red dresses.  That's why a dog's Papa, I don't like red dresses.  That's why a dog's eyes only see black and white eyes only see black and white eyes only see black and white . . . Do you know the color of the color?   Do Do you know the color of the color?   Do Do you know the color of the color?   Do n't worry, I'll tell you. n't worry, I'll tell you. n't worry, I'll tell you. Hey, don't make a sound.  If you hit all these gallows, your Hey, don't make a sound.  If you hit all these gallows, your Hey, don't make a sound.  If you hit all these gallows, your skull will skull will skull will crack. Who is here?  Guests who came to our area Who is here?  Guests who came to our area Who is here?  Guests who came to our area .  Go and chase them away. .  Go and chase them away. .  Go and chase them away. Oh, I understand. I understand. Too bad I Oh, I understand. I understand. Too bad I Oh, I understand. I understand. Too bad I didn't know that girl and came wearing a red dress didn't know that girl and came wearing a red dress didn't know that girl and came wearing a red dress .  However, .  However, .  However, you are chasing a girl with the same leg, you are chasing a girl with the same leg, you are chasing a girl with the same leg, where is the same leg? [Laughter] where is the same leg? [Laughter] where is the same leg? [Laughter] Now you ran away, Now you ran away, Now you ran away, didn't you run away? 1:2 legs are one leg, didn't you run away? 1:2 legs are one leg, didn't you run away? 1:2 legs are one leg, how can you run away?   Wait, I'll how can you run away?   Wait, I'll how can you run away?   Wait, I'll tell you something. tell you something. tell you something. No, it looks like they ran away. No, it looks like they ran away. No, it looks like they ran away. I I I came here with my sister-in-law, jumping and jumping.  Because the clothes are came here with my sister-in-law, jumping and jumping.  Because the clothes are came here with my sister-in-law, jumping and jumping.  Because the clothes are tied, today your feet won't touch your bird, tied, today your feet won't touch your bird, tied, today your feet won't touch your bird, wing wing, you are right, wing wing, you are right, wing wing, you are right, you go, wing, wing, the same leg you go, wing, wing, the same leg you go, wing, wing, the same leg Hey, shall we both Hey, shall we both Hey, shall we both play then? play then? play then? Adinga is a similar house.  Run away . . . Oh, Oh, Oh, hey hey Nothing.  Do you know Nothing.  Do you know Nothing.  Do you know how beautifully the housewife limps in opposition how beautifully the housewife limps in opposition how beautifully the housewife limps in opposition ? ? ? Avada, she has the same guard Avada, she has the same guard Avada, she has the same guard .  Only a lame person can dance. .  Only a lame person can dance. .  Only a lame person can dance. Who says it's the same?   It's Who says it's the same?   It's Who says it's the same?   It's our time. our time. our time. Hey, I saw a man with two legs, and I saw the same thing with both eyes Hey, I saw a man with two legs, and I saw the same thing with both eyes . . . Hey, what happened to your family Hey, what happened to your family Hey, what happened to your family ?  If you talk about your father, they'll beat you up ?  If you talk about your father, they'll beat you up ?  If you talk about your father, they'll beat you up .  Do you play with your two- .  Do you play with your two- .  Do you play with your two- year-old child at the same time year-old child at the same time year-old child at the same time ?   It's the ?   It's the ?   It's the same time. Let's start.  Come on, let's go inside and Let's start.  Come on, let's go inside and Let's start.  Come on, let's go inside and meet.  Everything you see with your eyes, O meet.  Everything you see with your eyes, O meet.  Everything you see with your eyes, O chief, does not belong to your eyes, does not belong to your eyes, A pearl with eyes, you will never leave my eyes, you will never leave me [Music] Right, right   I will leave you with one eye and two.   Are will leave you with one eye and two.   Are will leave you with one eye and two.   Are you two free? you two free? you two free? I left.  Kanmani, I left.  Kanmani, I left.  Kanmani, hey Kanmani, my hey Kanmani, my hey Kanmani, my mother is calling.  I went, "Hey, mother is calling.  I went, "Hey, mother is calling.  I went, "Hey, Kanmani, you can ride a bicycle, I'm a cyclist, Kanmani, you can ride a bicycle, I'm a cyclist, Kanmani, you can ride a bicycle, I'm a cyclist, who's going to teach me?" who's going to teach me?" who's going to teach me?" I am not here.   Are I am not here.   Are I am not here.   Are you? you? you? Do you know how to ride a bicycle? Do you know how to ride a bicycle? Do you know how to ride a bicycle? Come on, I know how to ride a bicycle. Come on, I know how to ride a bicycle. Come on, I know how to ride a bicycle. Write down a list of what you know how to drive and go Write down a list of what you know how to drive and go Write down a list of what you know how to drive and go drive it. Car, lorry, bus, ride, drive it. Car, lorry, bus, ride, drive it. Car, lorry, bus, ride, airplane, etc.? airplane, etc.? airplane, etc.? Do you know how to ride a bicycle? Do you know how to ride a bicycle? Do you know how to ride a bicycle? Why don't you just Why don't you just Why don't you just drive around asking questions? drive around asking questions? drive around asking questions? You know how to ride a bicycle, so why do you have to sit on You know how to ride a bicycle, so why do you have to sit on You know how to ride a bicycle, so why do you have to sit on top of me and ride? top of me and ride? top of me and ride? I'm not ready to throw you over to someone else and I'm not ready to throw you over to someone else and I'm not ready to throw you over to someone else and go to the murderous pit.  Listen to me go to the murderous pit.  Listen to me go to the murderous pit.  Listen to me . . . You drive first. You drive first. You drive first. Push.   Look at Push.   Look at Push.   Look at this.  The this.  The this.  The sky has not changed from the day it arrived until this day.   The sky has not changed from the day it arrived until this day.   The sky has not changed from the day it arrived until this day.   The man has changed. What is Bell doing here, what kind of biryani do you have there? There What is Bell doing here, what kind of biryani do you have there? There are four parcels here. are four parcels here. are four parcels here. They said that the child was a Saiva child.   Let's go They said that the child was a Saiva child.   Let's go They said that the child was a Saiva child.   Let's go buy some biryani. Hour. What's in the bell basket?   Let's What's in the bell basket?   Let's What's in the bell basket?   Let's go buy some curry. go buy some curry. go buy some curry. Hey, what's the dog doing after the vegetables Hey, what's the dog doing after the vegetables Hey, what's the dog doing after the vegetables ?  If there is meat, it will go.  Is that ?  If there is meat, it will go.  Is that ?  If there is meat, it will go.  Is that pure vegetarianism? pure vegetarianism? pure vegetarianism? Hey Neelaveni Anna, I bought some balcova Hey Neelaveni Anna, I bought some balcova Hey Neelaveni Anna, I bought some balcova .  I'm in a race, come on, .  I'm in a race, come on, .  I'm in a race, come on, Saika. Saika. Saika. I asked, "Is it balcova?" Oh, you idiot, you can I asked, "Is it balcova?" Oh, you idiot, you can I asked, "Is it balcova?" Oh, you idiot, you can get balcova at the biryani shop. get balcova at the biryani shop. get balcova at the biryani shop. Ah, that's my leg.  One leg for me, my leg.  One leg for me, my leg.  One leg for me, one leg for you.  [Laughter] one leg for you.  [Laughter] one leg for you.  [Laughter] If I saw a leg, I would cry for days If I saw a leg, I would cry for days If I saw a leg, I would cry for days . . . I'm eating a bad chicken, and I'm throwing up I'm eating a bad chicken, and I'm throwing up I'm eating a bad chicken, and I'm throwing up .  Did you believe what I said, oh .  Did you believe what I said, oh .  Did you believe what I said, oh dear, what do you want? How can you come up? dear, what do you want? How can you come up? dear, what do you want? How can you come up? I'll smoke it. Let I'll smoke it. Let I'll smoke it. Let your mother come. Let me know about this chicken your mother come. Let me know about this chicken your mother come. Let me know about this chicken biryani and cigarettes. Hey, biryani and cigarettes. Hey, biryani and cigarettes. Hey, my father, do you eat leg pizza? The my father, do you eat leg pizza? The my father, do you eat leg pizza? The name of biryani here is name of biryani here is name of biryani here is palkova. palkova. palkova. You can only make Italian rice. You can make You can only make Italian rice. You can make You can only make Italian rice. You can make beer buttermilk. They ca beer buttermilk. They ca beer buttermilk. They ca n't make biryani palkova. Hey, it's you. n't make biryani palkova. Hey, it's you. n't make biryani palkova. Hey, it's you. [Clearing throat] I don't know [Clearing throat] I don't know [Clearing throat] I don't know why this is happening at home. When why this is happening at home. When why this is happening at home. When I was in 12th grade, my friends tricked me into I was in 12th grade, my friends tricked me into eating it by saying it was a cheap army. I stuck the taste on my tongue and kept eating it eating it by saying it was a cheap army. I stuck the taste on my tongue and kept eating it . . Is there a plastic bag for each? Is there a plastic bag for each? Is there a plastic bag for each? Two packages a day. Two packages a day. Two packages a day. If a package costs ₹40, how can he even happily marry you, who earns ₹2400-4500 a month If a package costs ₹40, how can he even happily marry you, who earns ₹2400-4500 a month ?  This is ?  This is ?  This is not something that the person who is going to tie him up should worry about.  Why is he not something that the person who is going to tie him up should worry about.  Why is he not something that the person who is going to tie him up should worry about.  Why is he making a fuss? making a fuss? making a fuss? I don't eat anything all day.  Just I don't eat anything all day.  Just I don't eat anything all day.  Just one day a week.  Four days a month.   It's only one day a week.  Four days a month.   It's only one day a week.  Four days a month.   It's only ₹320 for eight items.  If you ₹320 for eight items.  If you ₹320 for eight items.  If you ask for ₹320 per month for a maid, ask for ₹320 per month for a maid, ask for ₹320 per month for a maid, you will be fine.  Let's just drink from my hand you will be fine.  Let's just drink from my hand you will be fine.  Let's just drink from my hand .  I am raising a family .  I am raising a family .  I am raising a family . . . Same peeling.  Besides that, Same peeling.  Besides that, did you know that there is a fast on Saturdays, not eating on Saturdays? did you know that there is a fast on Saturdays, not eating on Saturdays? What's happening to my body after fasting on Saturday and getting fully fit on Sunday? What's happening to my body after fasting on Saturday and getting fully fit on Sunday? What's happening to my body after fasting on Saturday and getting fully fit on Sunday? Both of them are married and have children, so I'm Both of them are married and have children, so I'm Both of them are married and have children, so I'm counting the money like a baby. counting the money like a baby. counting the money like a baby. I'm in your place, so what's going on here? Don't talk, I'm in your place, so what's going on here? Don't talk, you said there's no flood. you said there's no flood. you said there's no flood. Wow, my leg piece. Wow, my leg piece. Wow, my leg piece. Hey, come here Hey, come here Hey, come here .   Come on, man .   Come on, man .   Come on, man .  Mouth [laughter] .  Mouth [laughter] .  Mouth [laughter] Hey, come here, come here [cough]. Hey, come here, come here [cough]. Hey, come here, come here [cough]. What are you asking for, leg pizza, and that's Angadam What are you asking for, leg pizza, and that's Angadam What are you asking for, leg pizza, and that's Angadam biryani, lie [laughter], tell me something else, you idiot biryani, lie [laughter], tell me something else, you idiot biryani, lie [laughter], tell me something else, you idiot .   Go to the .   Go to the .   Go to the temple bells to cast the Kovapatta bell. temple bells to cast the Kovapatta bell. temple bells to cast the Kovapatta bell. Anna's partner, the bell is ringing, the Anna's partner, the bell is ringing, the Anna's partner, the bell is ringing, the bell is like a cow's neck, the mother-in-law's bell is like a cow's neck, the mother-in-law's bell is like a cow's neck, the mother-in-law's neck is now ringing, the neck is now ringing, the neck is now ringing, the pearl has fallen down, the conch shell is a pearl has fallen down, the conch shell is a pearl has fallen down, the conch shell is a child's anklet, the bell is a child's anklet, the bell is a child's anklet, the bell is a flower, the actor played the role of the head, the bell is ringing, I'm flower, the actor played the role of the head, the bell is ringing, I'm leaving, the bell is coming to win the little one, the bell is fading, the little one, the bell is fading, where is my couple, the bell is calling, the bell is ringing, where is my couple, the bell is calling, the bell is ringing, where is my couple, the bell is calling, the bell is ringing, what is what is what is it, the bell is ringing it, the bell is ringing it, the bell is ringing What song do you want? What song do you want? What song do you want? Kamal Haasan will sing in the Gunavu Cave, Kamal Haasan will sing in the Gunavu Cave, Kamal Haasan will sing in the Gunavu Cave, do you know how to sing that song? do you know how to sing that song? do you know how to sing that song? When will you see my dear lover? When will you see my dear lover? When will you see my dear lover? The letter I am writing to you, my dear, is it a letter that I am writing to you? I am writing to The letter I am writing to you, my dear, is it a letter that I am writing to you? I am writing to you. When I think of you. When I think of you. When I think of writing it, I am at a loss for words. When I writing it, I am at a loss for words. When I writing it, I am at a loss for words. When I look at you, the poem is beautiful. look at you, the poem is beautiful. look at you, the poem is beautiful. But when I think of writing it, one, two, three, mani, mani, But when I think of writing it, one, two, three, mani, mani, another song, sing, sing, sing, buy, buy, we are another song, sing, sing, sing, buy, buy, we are another song, sing, sing, sing, buy, buy, we are waiting for you. waiting for you. waiting for you. [Laughter] Are [Laughter] Are you the only person in the world who sends a reason for an ordinary ear piercing ceremony and organizes it like a grand festival? Yes, who will pierce my ears? How you the only person in the world who sends a reason for an ordinary ear piercing ceremony and organizes it like a grand festival? Yes, who will pierce my ears? How you the only person in the world who sends a reason for an ordinary ear piercing ceremony and organizes it like a grand festival? Yes, who will pierce my ears? How old is my father? old is my father? old is my father? 70 70 Yes, he 70 70 Yes, he wanted to pierce his nose at a young age. He couldn't, that's why he is piercing it now. Oh, his mother wanted to pierce her nose. She is wanted to pierce his nose at a young age. He couldn't, that's why he is piercing it now. Oh, his mother wanted to pierce her nose. She is wanted to pierce his nose at a young age. He couldn't, that's why he is piercing it now. Oh, his mother wanted to pierce her nose. She is 70 years old. She is a normal person. 70 years old. She is a normal person. 70 years old. She is a normal person. She is a normal person. You are not an ordinary son. The She is a normal person. You are not an ordinary son. The She is a normal person. You are not an ordinary son. The mother's son is the one who mother's son is the one who mother's son is the one who does not break her mother's word. You are the head who protected her. I am does not break her mother's word. You are the head who protected her. I am does not break her mother's word. You are the head who protected her. I am piercing my nose. Good.  Time is running out, come on, Good.  Time is running out, come on, Good.  Time is running out, come on, good time is running out, what is this? [Screaming] what is this? [Screaming] what is this? [Screaming] You said you wanted to pierce someone's nose, You said you wanted to pierce someone's nose, You said you wanted to pierce someone's nose, why are you telling me to get a nose pierced? why are you telling me to get a nose pierced? How else can I tell you to get a nose pierced without a nose piercing? Don't get a nose pierced How else can I tell you to get a nose pierced without a nose piercing? Don't get a nose pierced How else can I tell you to get a nose pierced without a nose piercing? Don't get a nose pierced here. here. here. What, moms, are you thinking so seriously? What, moms, are you thinking so seriously? What, moms, are you thinking so seriously? What's the matter? What's the matter? What's the matter? I see a ₹5000 note in the palace. I see a ₹5000 note in the palace. I see a ₹5000 note in the palace. Can you find ₹5000? Can you find ₹5000? Can you find ₹5000? When? When? When? Last night. Last night. Last night. What kind of uncle are you, a union leader for 5,000 people?  I What kind of uncle are you, a union leader for 5,000 people?  I don't know how to deposit ₹5000.  Don't you know?   Did don't know how to deposit ₹5000.  Don't you know?   Did don't know how to deposit ₹5000.  Don't you know?   Did anyone find the person who took it or anyone find the person who took it or anyone find the person who took it or not? not? not? Found it.  Then why Found it.  Then why Found it.  Then why should I throw it away and buy some money? should I throw it away and buy some money? should I throw it away and buy some money? What kind of owner is it? If you have a little bit of money, What kind of owner is it? If you have a little bit of money, What kind of owner is it? If you have a little bit of money, what kind of big owner is it? Go and what kind of big owner is it? Go and what kind of big owner is it? Go and take care of your own family and beat him up, uncle, and throw him away take care of your own family and beat him up, uncle, and throw him away take care of your own family and beat him up, uncle, and throw him away .  After you said it yourself, what was your .  After you said it yourself, what was your .  After you said it yourself, what was your idea, uncle? I took it. I took it. idea, uncle? I took it. I took it. idea, uncle? I took it. I took it. Why didn't you tell me first? Uncle, I was just joking and Why didn't you tell me first? Uncle, I was just joking and Why didn't you tell me first? Uncle, I was just joking and looking at it. I looking at it. I looking at it. I couldn't do anything. couldn't do anything. couldn't do anything. What did you do with the money you took? What did you do with the money you took? What did you do with the money you took? I bought silver for ₹5000. I bought silver for ₹5000. I bought silver for ₹5000. There was a small problem. There was a small problem. There was a small problem. What a problem. What a problem. What a problem. Chetiya, Chetiya, Chetiya, my machine has been stolen from Singapore my machine has been stolen from Singapore my machine has been stolen from Singapore . . I will give you this ₹50,000 silver for ₹5000.  We I will give you this ₹50,000 silver for ₹5000.  We I will give you this ₹50,000 silver for ₹5000.  We don't need the police, it's just a problem now, go away don't need the police, it's just a problem now, go away don't need the police, it's just a problem now, go away .  Are you afraid of that?   I'll .  Are you afraid of that?   I'll .  Are you afraid of that?   I'll write "I sowed" and you write "I sowed" and you write "I sowed" and you write "I bought".  So, write "I bought".  So, write "I bought".  So, write this correctly too. write this correctly too. write this correctly too. Then what would you have written Then what would you have written Then what would you have written ? ? ? Your shopkeepers are always Your shopkeepers are always Your shopkeepers are always asking the same thing. asking the same thing. asking the same thing. Are you asking?  Is our merchant very Are you asking?  Is our merchant very Are you asking?  Is our merchant very intelligent? intelligent? intelligent? Sign.   I Sign.   I Sign.   I bought this money from my father bought this money from my father bought this money from my father [laughter] and [laughter] and [laughter] and this is a beautiful red. this is a beautiful red. this is a beautiful red. What is this for?   For What is this for?   For What is this for?   For being deceived. being deceived. being deceived. Okay then.   Maybe the Okay then.   Maybe the Okay then.   Maybe the groom should have left some of the stolen money groom should have left some of the stolen money groom should have left some of the stolen money . . . Leave it and buy a similar brick for 5000. Leave it and buy a similar brick for 5000. Leave it and buy a similar brick for 5000. Don't stop. Don't stop. Don't stop. Hey, stop, uncle.  [Laughter] Hey, stop, uncle.  [Laughter] Hey, stop, uncle.  [Laughter] Hey, wait.   Don't stop Hey, wait.   Don't stop Hey, wait.   Don't stop .   Don't stop .   Don't stop .   Don't stop .  Hey uncle, my father is dead. father is dead. father is dead. Why is Neelaveni standing in the sun?   I've been Why is Neelaveni standing in the sun?   I've been Why is Neelaveni standing in the sun?   I've been waiting for you. waiting for you. waiting for you. What's the matter with me? What's the matter with me? What's the matter with me? My glass fell into that tank, can you My glass fell into that tank, can you My glass fell into that tank, can you take some?   Did take some?   Did take some?   Did your earring fall into this tank? your earring fall into this tank? your earring fall into this tank? What is this for you?  I will even jump into the middle of the ocean What is this for you?  I will even jump into the middle of the ocean What is this for you?  I will even jump into the middle of the ocean .  Now, Papa, I won't let you go without taking it. You're a blue bird. What's so funny? What's so funny? What's so funny? This is our home's septic tank.   The This is our home's septic tank.   The This is our home's septic tank.   The septic tank is septic tank is septic tank is fine, but our tank itself is what it is. fine, but our tank itself is what it is. This is all a trade secret. This is all a trade secret. This is all a trade secret. Peel it like we peel our golden soil and take your skin Father, this is the Father, this is the Father, this is the last straw, this is the best peel. last straw, this is the best peel. last straw, this is the best peel. How did you get clean after being beaten? How did you get clean after being beaten? How did you get clean after being beaten? Thank you very much.   I did Thank you very much.   I did Thank you very much.   I did n't take it at all, but I said thank you n't take it at all, but I said thank you n't take it at all, but I said thank you . . . That's what I took. That's what I took. That's what I took. What? What? What? The sewer is The sewer is The sewer is now empty, and the now empty, and the now empty, and the sewer has been empty for ten days. sewer has been empty for ten days. sewer has been empty for ten days. If you call the corporation, they If you call the corporation, they If you call the corporation, they ask for ₹50.  That's why I called you and made a ask for ₹50.  That's why I called you and made a ask for ₹50.  That's why I called you and made a small promise to see you in person.  But you are small promise to see you in person.  But you are small promise to see you in person.  But you are very good, you started very quickly, you are a very good, you started very quickly, you are a very good, you started very quickly, you are a good boy, you are a sinner, you have good boy, you are a sinner, you have shown us a lot, you have made us a fool, what are you, I shown us a lot, you have made us a fool, what are you, I shown us a lot, you have made us a fool, what are you, I know one thing or the other, what do you want, will you know one thing or the other, what do you want, will you marry me or not, I will marry me or not, I will marry me or not, I will marry you, when did you dance at the marry you, when did you dance at the marry you, when did you dance at the door of your house, door of your house, door of your house, you also danced, sang, talked and you also danced, sang, talked and you also danced, sang, talked and laughed, everything was a lie, come on, sir, sir, don't laughed, everything was a lie, come on, sir, sir, don't tie me, I will tie this tie me, I will tie this tie me, I will tie this rope around your neck, I will rope around your neck, I will rope around your neck, I will make her my bride.   Do make her my bride.   Do make her my bride.   Do n't worry, there's a big 40-acre park here n't worry, there's a big 40-acre park here n't worry, there's a big 40-acre park here .  I'll change that for you .  I'll change that for you .  I'll change that for you . . . Oh, sinful man, hurry up and tie a Oh, sinful man, hurry up and tie a Oh, sinful man, hurry up and tie a necklace around that beggar's neck. I, necklace around that beggar's neck. I, necklace around that beggar's neck. I, man, love you. man, love you. man, love you. Then hit me on the head and swear to me Then hit me on the head and swear to me Then hit me on the head and swear to me . . . Seriously, Seriously, Seriously, why are you worried about this?  If I give you ten rupees, you'll turn the why are you worried about this?  If I give you ten rupees, you'll turn the why are you worried about this?  If I give you ten rupees, you'll turn the plate upside down and go plate upside down and go plate upside down and go .  What a lucky charm for ten zodiac signs .  What a lucky charm for ten zodiac signs .  What a lucky charm for ten zodiac signs . . . What did you say, Talina? What are you kidding me about What did you say, Talina? What are you kidding me about What did you say, Talina? What are you kidding me about ?  Every girl has a fence, and ?  Every girl has a fence, and ?  Every girl has a fence, and I am a Tamil Nadu beggar. I am a Tamil Nadu beggar. I am a Tamil Nadu beggar. Come and Come and Come and raise a family. Uncle, uncle, just sing a big song. raise a family. Uncle, uncle, just sing a big song. raise a family. Uncle, uncle, just sing a big song. Everyone runs away. What happened? I tied a thaliya and Everyone runs away. What happened? I tied a thaliya and Everyone runs away. What happened? I tied a thaliya and deceived you. I tied a thaliya and deceived you. I tied a thaliya and deceived you. I tied a thaliya and beggar. If you are so greedy, I beggar. If you are so greedy, I beggar. If you are so greedy, I will come to the house where the beggar is from. I will add four idlis to it. will come to the house where the beggar is from. I will add four idlis to it.