Yes friend, my team has Yes friend, my team has Yes friend, my team has edited a video and given it to me after a year, which we had recorded last edited a video and given it to me after a year, which we had recorded last edited a video and given it to me after a year, which we had recorded last December when I was doing a show in New York, December when I was doing a show in New York, December when I was doing a show in New York, so this video should have come so this video should have come so this video should have come much earlier, they much earlier, they much earlier, they cut the reel from it and put it on the ina but did cut the reel from it and put it on the ina but did cut the reel from it and put it on the ina but did not give the video to me, but now it has come, not give the video to me, but now it has come, not give the video to me, but now it has come, finally no problem, I have such a wonderful team, finally no problem, I have such a wonderful team, finally no problem, I have such a wonderful team, so now you can watch this video and I so now you can watch this video and I so now you can watch this video and I am touring Canada again in May, so am touring Canada again in May, so am touring Canada again in May, so those who could not come to the show last time, they should those who could not come to the show last time, they should those who could not come to the show last time, they should come and meet me this time, those who come and meet me this time, those who come and meet me this time, those who live in US Canada, they will relate more to live in US Canada, they will relate more to live in US Canada, they will relate more to these jokes, those who do not live these jokes, those who do not live these jokes, those who do not live there.  If you want to go sometime, you will be there.  If you want to go sometime, you will be there.  If you want to go sometime, you will be able to relate.  And those people who don't even have any chance of able to relate.  And those people who don't even have any chance of able to relate.  And those people who don't even have any chance of going there, you are very going there, you are very going there, you are very empty.  You can listen to the video comfortably.  So empty.  You can listen to the video comfortably.  So empty.  You can listen to the video comfortably.  So enjoy the thing. Firstly, you guys keep sending such messages that Firstly, you guys keep sending such messages that Firstly, you guys keep sending such messages that come to US, come to Canada, who will tell you that you should come to US, come to Canada, who will tell you that you should come to US, come to Canada, who will tell you that you should not come in this season. Like after getting such a haircut, the wind hit the temples. Like after getting such a haircut, the wind hit the temples. What kind of road is this, man?  Where is What kind of road is this, man?  Where is What kind of road is this, man?  Where is everyone going?  [laughs] I everyone going?  [laughs] I everyone going?  [laughs] I put on a hoodie in the cold, I couldn't move my head.  The put on a hoodie in the cold, I couldn't move my head.  The put on a hoodie in the cold, I couldn't move my head.  The feet are just moving. feet are just moving. feet are just moving. [Praise] I am going to visit you like in the movie Bhagam Bhag.   It's visit you like in the movie Bhagam Bhag.   It's so cold, brother.  How are you guys doing?   My so cold, brother.  How are you guys doing?   My so cold, brother.  How are you guys doing?   My respect for you has increased a lot.  [laughter] respect for you has increased a lot.  [laughter] respect for you has increased a lot.  [laughter] And you're still living in a city like this.   There And you're still living in a city like this.   There And you're still living in a city like this.   There is some excitement.  Those poor people living in is some excitement.  Those poor people living in is some excitement.  Those poor people living in Detroit. Detroit. Detroit. Oh child of the wretched [laughter] Oh child of the wretched [laughter] Oh child of the wretched [laughter] Rale Rale Rale Bhai, the city is so poisonous, don't go there, Bhai, the city is so poisonous, don't go there, Bhai, the city is so poisonous, don't go there, we can't find the road, there's no one around, we can't find the road, there's no one around, we can't find the road, there's no one around, ask who is making you wander around in this cold, it's been more than a month, you in this cold, it's been more than a month, you in this cold, it's been more than a month, you took me to Calgary, I'm in took me to Calgary, I'm in took me to Calgary, I'm in Calgary Calgary Calgary -25, -25, -25, tell me first of all what does the bastard feel like tell me first of all what does the bastard feel like tell me first of all what does the bastard feel like I will decide that I will decide that I will decide that I am dying.  [laughter] She also tells me up front that it must be so cold. She also tells me up front that it must be so cold. She also tells me up front that it must be so cold. And when someone comes for a day and And when someone comes for a day and And when someone comes for a day and tells you that he is feeling cold, don't talk nonsense tells you that he is feeling cold, don't talk nonsense tells you that he is feeling cold, don't talk nonsense that you should look ahead I am feeling cold now, why should I I am feeling cold now, why should I I am feeling cold now, why should I look ahead [laughter] They look ahead [laughter] They look ahead [laughter] They took me to -25, there is ice on the balcony, took me to -25, there is ice on the balcony, took me to -25, there is ice on the balcony, I went out, I said will you take a cup, he said I went out, I said will you take a cup, he said I went out, I said will you take a cup, he said in April [laughter] he in April [laughter] he in April [laughter] he said brother, I am asking on hourly basis, said brother, I am asking on hourly basis, said brother, I am asking on hourly basis, I wanted to smoke cigarettes I wanted to smoke cigarettes I wanted to smoke cigarettes looking at the policemen here, it seems looking at the policemen here, it seems looking at the policemen here, it seems something is wrong.  [laughs] Now I don't know, something is wrong.  [laughs] Now I don't know, something is wrong.  [laughs] Now I don't know, looking at him I feel like I must have done something wrong. looking at him I feel like I must have done something wrong. looking at him I feel like I must have done something wrong. Maybe they found out today.   Either Maybe they found out today.   Either Maybe they found out today.   Either one or something different is going on in the one or something different is going on in the one or something different is going on in the system a little bit.  These people do not behave very politely. system a little bit.  These people do not behave very politely. system a little bit.  These people do not behave very politely. Either this is happening due to cold. Either this is happening due to cold. Either this is happening due to cold. That everyone's intelligence has settled down. That everyone's intelligence has settled down. That everyone's intelligence has settled down. Rest, because of this etiquette, they have become so good that Rest, because of this etiquette, they have become so good that Rest, because of this etiquette, they have become so good that they they they talk and do things so well.  Dont know talk and do things so well.  Dont know talk and do things so well.  Dont know why.  Why do they smile when they look at me from the front why.  Why do they smile when they look at me from the front why.  Why do they smile when they look at me from the front ?  [laughter] I didn't understand it at first. ?  [laughter] I didn't understand it at first. ?  [laughter] I didn't understand it at first. Why are you laughing at me?  And they are Why are you laughing at me?  And they are Why are you laughing at me?  And they are greeting like this because greeting like this because greeting like this because we cannot do all this.  No, I can't learn this, I am passing in front of you, how are you doing we cannot do all this.  No, I can't learn this, I am passing in front of you, how are you doing we cannot do all this.  No, I can't learn this, I am passing in front of you, how are you doing your work, you sisterfucker. your work, you sisterfucker. your work, you sisterfucker. I don't talk to my relatives, I'll hit I don't talk to my relatives, I'll hit I don't talk to my relatives, I'll hit you in the face. And I took this habit with me and went back to Delhi. And I took this habit with me and went back to Delhi. And I took this habit with me and went back to Delhi. And I smiled at someone without any reason. And I smiled at someone without any reason. He will take me home.  [laughs] That you keep laughing with me. That you keep laughing with me. That you keep laughing with me. [laughs] The police were so polite, they stopped our car, at police were so polite, they stopped our car, at police were so polite, they stopped our car, at one point he came to the side and said, Sir, do I have one point he came to the side and said, Sir, do I have one point he came to the side and said, Sir, do I have your license, please.  [laughter] I your license, please.  [laughter] I your license, please.  [laughter] I said slap it in there. said slap it in there. said slap it in there. What are you doing?  Sir, please, these are our What are you doing?  Sir, please, these are our What are you doing?  Sir, please, these are our words, right? words, right? words, right? When we see a policeman, we say, Sir When we see a policeman, we say, Sir When we see a policeman, we say, Sir please firstly, that policeman has so much stuff on him that firstly, that policeman has so much stuff on him that firstly, that policeman has so much stuff on him that how does he remember what all he has, he has how does he remember what all he has, he has how does he remember what all he has, he has so many things on him, if so many things on him, if so many things on him, if I were his policeman, one thing of mine would be left at home every day I were his policeman, one thing of mine would be left at home every day I were his policeman, one thing of mine would be left at home every day that I have arrested you, on your knees the handcuffs are left that I have arrested you, on your knees the handcuffs are left that I have arrested you, on your knees the handcuffs are left brother brother brother I am bringing them.  Don't move, remember to I am bringing them.  Don't move, remember to I am bringing them.  Don't move, remember to stay like this.   He is stay like this.   He is stay like this.   He is roaming around with handcuffs.  Are you mad roaming around with handcuffs.  Are you mad roaming around with handcuffs.  Are you mad ?  Walk around comfortably with it, hand in hand.  This is how it is ?  Walk around comfortably with it, hand in hand.  This is how it is ?  Walk around comfortably with it, hand in hand.  This is how it is done in India.   There are done in India.   There are done in India.   There are no handcuffs.  Thieves get caught hand in hand. no handcuffs.  Thieves get caught hand in hand. Then we also cooperate.  I sweat profusely. Then we also cooperate.  I sweat profusely. Then we also cooperate.  I sweat profusely. Leaving your reach back to five. And go on a date. And go on a date. And go on a date. Ok.  Let's do a show.  I will Ok.  Let's do a show.  I will Ok.  Let's do a show.  I will drink hot water in between.  Put it in some story.  I was drink hot water in between.  Put it in some story.  I was drink hot water in between.  Put it in some story.  I was drinking something about votes.  Okay, right? drinking something about votes.  Okay, right? drinking something about votes.  Okay, right? And the doctor has told me to do this. And the doctor has told me to do this. And the doctor has told me to do this. What happens with this?  I don't know at all.   It What happens with this?  I don't know at all.   It What happens with this?  I don't know at all.   It got cold.   No got cold.   No got cold.   No problem, I am here with you problem, I am here with you problem, I am here with you in this.  Firstly, you guys pay a lot of in this.  Firstly, you guys pay a lot of in this.  Firstly, you guys pay a lot of money dollar for dollar, man.  Your respect increases a lot here. money dollar for dollar, man.  Your respect increases a lot here. money dollar for dollar, man.  Your respect increases a lot here. I I I bought it from New Zealand.  This is for ₹3000.  Since then bought it from New Zealand.  This is for ₹3000.  Since then bought it from New Zealand.  This is for ₹3000.  Since then I sleep with it. I sleep with it. A man sits here in Delhi and heats water for ₹3000.  [laughter] [praise] The doctor told me that if you keep drinking hot water like this in doctor told me that if you keep drinking hot water like this in doctor told me that if you keep drinking hot water like this in between the shows, it will be fine. between the shows, it will be fine. between the shows, it will be fine. Last December, I lost my voice. I was Last December, I lost my voice. I was Last December, I lost my voice. I was touring somewhere in Rajasthan. When I returned to touring somewhere in Rajasthan. When I returned to touring somewhere in Rajasthan. When I returned to Delhi, I could not hear it. I said, it's okay, it will come back Delhi, I could not hear it. I said, it's okay, it will come back Delhi, I could not hear it. I said, it's okay, it will come back when it comes. After two-three days, when it comes. After two-three days, when it comes. After two-three days, I realized that I don't know anything else, I can't hear it. If I I realized that I don't know anything else, I can't hear it. If I call you on the show and tickle you, I wo call you on the show and tickle you, I wo call you on the show and tickle you, I wo n't like it. I consulted a doctor and came to Delhi. I consulted a doctor and came to Delhi. I consulted a doctor and came to Delhi. My faith in the doctor was lost. My faith in the doctor was lost. My faith in the doctor was lost. I said I am unable to speak and they are saying remain I said I am unable to speak and they are saying remain I said I am unable to speak and they are saying remain silent for seven days.  [laughter] silent for seven days.  [laughter] silent for seven days.  [laughter] What kind of treatment is that?  He is saying that if you remain silent for seven days, it will What kind of treatment is that?  He is saying that if you remain silent for seven days, it will What kind of treatment is that?  He is saying that if you remain silent for seven days, it will come automatically.  I said okay. come automatically.  I said okay. come automatically.  I said okay. I also thought that she will come.  Now friend, I don't I also thought that she will come.  Now friend, I don't I also thought that she will come.  Now friend, I don't live alone in Delhi.  I forgot live alone in Delhi.  I forgot live alone in Delhi.  I forgot how it was to live with my parents.  If he how it was to live with my parents.  If he how it was to live with my parents.  If he comes to stay at home, we will serve him.  I comes to stay at home, we will serve him.  I comes to stay at home, we will serve him.  I said said said he comes into the house and messes with things. he comes into the house and messes with things. he comes into the house and messes with things. Why are you messing with stuff?  How do I tell mom? Why are you messing with stuff?  How do I tell mom? Why are you messing with stuff?  How do I tell mom? Every loose item in my house is astray. Every loose item in my house is astray. Every loose item in my house is astray. And the vomit that is kept is full. And the vomit that is kept is full. And the vomit that is kept is full. Firstly, parents do not realise that their children have Firstly, parents do not realise that their children have Firstly, parents do not realise that their children have grown up.  I have a sore throat.  I am sleeping.  He grown up.  I have a sore throat.  I am sleeping.  He grown up.  I have a sore throat.  I am sleeping.  He applied Vicks on my chest and left. Brother, try applying Vicks to this much hair once. Brother, try applying Vicks to this much hair once. Brother, try applying Vicks to this much hair once. I have been roaming around with a hot chest for three days. I have been roaming around with a hot chest for three days. I have been roaming around with a hot chest for three days. The throat got cured.  My heart sank. The throat got cured.  My heart sank. The throat got cured.  My heart sank. Hey, why did you bring such a small child? What do you want his first words to be? That I said mother but did not stop at mother.  [laughter] Come on, sit down and put the phone down quietly.   This Come on, sit down and put the phone down quietly.   This Come on, sit down and put the phone down quietly.   This is a live show, recording is not allowed.  Ok is a live show, recording is not allowed.  Ok is a live show, recording is not allowed.  Ok ?  I will pour it myself when I have to.  Anyway, nothing is going to happen ?  I will pour it myself when I have to.  Anyway, nothing is going to happen ?  I will pour it myself when I have to.  Anyway, nothing is going to happen with your phone. with your phone. with your phone. Your story has been liked. Your story has been liked. Your story has been liked. Stay after the show.  I will Stay after the show.  I will Stay after the show.  I will scatter the photos.  Ok?  I have to put that, I have to scatter the photos.  Ok?  I have to put that, I have to scatter the photos.  Ok?  I have to put that, I have to put that.   There is no need for any appreciation in this. no need for any appreciation in this. no need for any appreciation in this. I have no work in life.   This is I have no work in life.   This is I have no work in life.   This is my last show.  I want to go back to India.  I'm done my last show.  I want to go back to India.  I'm done my last show.  I want to go back to India.  I'm done brother, from here. brother, from here. brother, from here. Yes.  Such people think that after the show, they might be Yes.  Such people think that after the show, they might be partying in some unknown underground place.  [laughs] I got asked by a guy partying in some unknown underground place.  [laughs] I got asked by a guy partying in some unknown underground place.  [laughs] I got asked by a guy one day after New York.  He is saying, one day after New York.  He is saying, one day after New York.  He is saying, brother, where will you go from here to party brother, where will you go from here to party brother, where will you go from here to party ?  I said, listen to me.  I have ?  I said, listen to me.  I have ?  I said, listen to me.  I have two bags with me.  One is 17 kg, one is 30 two bags with me.  One is 17 kg, one is 30 two bags with me.  One is 17 kg, one is 30 kg.  I have to do both 24. kg.  I have to do both 24. kg.  I have to do both 24. So [laughter] all my focus is there.  Ok So [laughter] all my focus is there.  Ok So [laughter] all my focus is there.  Ok ?   That's all the ?   That's all the ?   That's all the work I have. work I have. work I have. Now, don't make up any stories in between. Now, don't make up any stories in between. Now, don't make up any stories in between. I also get distracted by that.  Plus my I also get distracted by that.  Plus my I also get distracted by that.  Plus my team is here to shoot lasers at you. team is here to shoot lasers at you. team is here to shoot lasers at you. If you see this red laser rotating.   For this If you see this red laser rotating.   For this If you see this red laser rotating.   For this I have brought a boy I have brought a boy I have brought a boy from India.  Ok?  But the problem is that from India.  Ok?  But the problem is that from India.  Ok?  But the problem is that in India, people don't stand at one place in the auditorium. in India, people don't stand at one place in the auditorium. in India, people don't stand at one place in the auditorium. They shoot lasers at a guy.  The entire They shoot lasers at a guy.  The entire They shoot lasers at a guy.  The entire auditorium is covered.  Because that auditorium is covered.  Because that auditorium is covered.  Because that laser goes very far. laser goes very far. laser goes very far. They snatched this and that from us here.  They are saying it is They snatched this and that from us here.  They are saying it is They snatched this and that from us here.  They are saying it is not allowed.  People become blind because of this. not allowed.  People become blind because of this. So ask in India that brother, shoot laser.   He is So ask in India that brother, shoot laser.   He is So ask in India that brother, shoot laser.   He is saying shoot me.   So saying shoot me.   So saying shoot me.   So now the one we have bought is the Happy now the one we have bought is the Happy now the one we have bought is the Happy Birthday one.  Ok?  So it does Birthday one.  Ok?  So it does Birthday one.  Ok?  So it does n't go very far.  And there is some very dangerous n't go very far.  And there is some very dangerous n't go very far.  And there is some very dangerous thing brother.  Yes.  Tell me, is there a patient in this ambulance that thing brother.  Yes.  Tell me, is there a patient in this ambulance that thing brother.  Yes.  Tell me, is there a patient in this ambulance that is moving around? Or they just take it out to make you feel sad.  If Or they just take it out to make you feel sad.  If Or they just take it out to make you feel sad.  If someone is sleeping with the window open by mistake, someone is sleeping with the window open by mistake, someone is sleeping with the window open by mistake, he should be woken up immediately. he should be woken up immediately. he should be woken up immediately. Someone had a heart attack and he made him sit down. Someone had a heart attack and he made him sit down. Someone had a heart attack and he made him sit down. He will die from the sound. He will die from the sound. He will die from the sound. Firstly, people also have no manners.  The ambulance is Firstly, people also have no manners.  The ambulance is Firstly, people also have no manners.  The ambulance is coming.  Giving him space. coming.  Giving him space. coming.  Giving him space. Ignore it. Ignore it. Ignore it. In Delhi, boys follow you.  They will go faster. In Delhi, boys follow you.  They will go faster. I am walking a lot, friend. I am walking a lot, friend. I am walking a lot, friend. I have never walked so much in my life. I have never walked so much in my life. I have never walked so much in my life. Firstly, I find this red light so cute. Firstly, I find this red light so cute. I think it will be green and will I think it will be green and will I think it will be green and will do this and that. do this and that. do this and that. But I want to go now I'm done. But I want to go now I'm done. But I want to go now I'm done. I am not able to sleep here.  Have I am not able to sleep here.  Have I am not able to sleep here.  Have they built these houses out of thermocol? they built these houses out of thermocol? they built these houses out of thermocol? Brother, I slept downstairs.  My team walked up.   There is a thumping sound Brother, I slept downstairs.  My team walked up.   There is a thumping sound Brother, I slept downstairs.  My team walked up.   There is a thumping sound going on my chest on the stairs. going on my chest on the stairs. going on my chest on the stairs. Doors are installed throughout the house.  When they Doors are installed throughout the house.  When they Doors are installed throughout the house.  When they open like this. open like this. open like this. [laughter] I've [laughter] I've [laughter] I've seen such a thing in two months. seen such a thing in two months. seen such a thing in two months. Moved to Texas.  There came the damn Amber Alert.   I do Moved to Texas.  There came the damn Amber Alert.   I do Moved to Texas.  There came the damn Amber Alert.   I do n't know the point of any of us n't know the point of any of us n't know the point of any of us sitting in a restaurant carrying such big bags.  While we were sitting in a restaurant carrying such big bags.  While we were sitting in a restaurant carrying such big bags.  While we were eating, everyone's eating, everyone's eating, everyone's phones suddenly rang.  The child was kidnapped. phones suddenly rang.  The child was kidnapped. phones suddenly rang.  The child was kidnapped. And we have two such big bags. And we have two such big bags. And we have two such big bags. Everyone is looking at us.  We said it's a Everyone is looking at us.  We said it's a Everyone is looking at us.  We said it's a jacket.  Look at the jacket, jacket.  Look at the jacket, jacket.  Look at the jacket, who knows where the child got up from.  [laughter] who knows where the child got up from.  [laughter] who knows where the child got up from.  [laughter] You're still doing fine, man.  You can at least You're still doing fine, man.  You can at least You're still doing fine, man.  You can at least talk decently.  I do talk decently.  I do talk decently.  I do n't know who has reached Australia.  Brother, n't know who has reached Australia.  Brother, n't know who has reached Australia.  Brother, I met a boy in a strange place.  I might meet someone I met a boy in a strange place.  I might meet someone I met a boy in a strange place.  I might meet someone on the way, but he might not understand on the way, but he might not understand on the way, but he might not understand who I am.  Let's say anything. who I am.  Let's say anything. who I am.  Let's say anything. Call it comedy, call it film, call it YouTube Call it comedy, call it film, call it YouTube Call it comedy, call it film, call it YouTube , anything.  Found a boy.  He is saying, Paaji, , anything.  Found a boy.  He is saying, Paaji, , anything.  Found a boy.  He is saying, Paaji, you are the one who takes the mic and shouts.   I said I will be the same if you agree. said I will be the same if you agree. said I will be the same if you agree. I give sermons. I give sermons. I give sermons.