Your uniform caught my eye, boss.   Don't just [ __ ] Your uniform caught my eye, boss.   Don't just [ __ ] Your uniform caught my eye, boss.   Don't just [ __ ] this up.  I am blessed to have this opportunity this up.  I am blessed to have this opportunity .   No need .   No need .   No need . . . Boss, go and have a drink and eat, Boss, go and have a drink and eat, Boss, go and have a drink and eat, boss.  I'll make it happen.  Yes, boss.  I'll make it happen.  Yes, boss.  I'll make it happen.  Yes, sister, sister, sister, look at your work. I'm just look at your work. I'm just look at your work. I'm just asking about work. asking about work. asking about work. Go and sleep, Go and sleep, Go and sleep, that's all you gave me. that's all you gave me. that's all you gave me. This guy who threw the ball This guy who threw the ball This guy who threw the ball was probably a master at the Proto shop before this.   It seems like there's a was probably a master at the Proto shop before this.   It seems like there's a was probably a master at the Proto shop before this.   It seems like there's a lot of monkey pranks going on, so you have to be lot of monkey pranks going on, so you have to be lot of monkey pranks going on, so you have to be a little careful a little careful a little careful . What's wrong, Karukana? What What's wrong, Karukana? What What's wrong, Karukana? What happened to him? Oh my God, Oh my God, Oh my God, who would do this? Show me before my eyes. Oh my God. who would do this? Show me before my eyes. Oh my God. Who is this? I will put Who is this? I will put Who is this? I will put an end to your troubles. an end to your troubles. an end to your troubles. Why did the earth go like this? Why did the earth go like this? Why did the earth go like this? Father, [Screaming] Save it, save it, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, save the Father, [Screaming] Save it, save it, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, save the earth. Don't stop. Is this the earth. Don't stop. Is this the earth. Don't stop. Is this the time to play with the moon? time to play with the moon? time to play with the moon? I fought with my mother. This is the one who took the I fought with my mother. This is the one who took the I fought with my mother. This is the one who took the box and fired it. box and fired it. box and fired it. Look how it fired. Look, Look how it fired. Look, Look how it fired. Look, everyone. You don't need everyone. You don't need everyone. You don't need a place to keep it warm. You a place to keep it warm. You a place to keep it warm. You ugly bastard. ugly bastard. ugly bastard. This is not a place to show girls. This is not a place to show girls. This is not a place to show girls. What did I do? I showed you. I showed you the douchebag. I didn't do anything. I was lying there thinking, "What's wrong?" I took What did I do? I showed you. I showed you the douchebag. I didn't do anything. I was lying there thinking, "What's wrong?" I took that that that pot and boiled it. It's boiling. I didn't do pot and boiled it. It's boiling. I didn't do pot and boiled it. It's boiling. I didn't do anything. anything. anything. I told you, no, I don't I told you, no, I don't I told you, no, I don't want to do anything.  I didn't want to do it, so want to do anything.  I didn't want to do it, so want to do anything.  I didn't want to do it, so why did I do it like this? why did I do it like this? Look how he did it. Look, he wanted to put a goat in it. It's not Look how he did it. Look, he wanted to put a goat in it. It's not Look how he did it. Look, he wanted to put a goat in it. It's not even okay. He made a hole like this and even okay. He made a hole like this and did it without helping anything. Idiot, did it without helping anything. Idiot, did it without helping anything. Idiot, yes, idiot. Who made the hole in this? yes, idiot. Who made the hole in this? yes, idiot. Who made the hole in this? I want to know right now. It's I want to know right now. It's I want to know right now. It's you. you. you. How can I make this dog run here while I'm asleep? How can I make this dog run here while I'm asleep? Sovannabulis Sovannabulis Sovannabulis Boss, take me alone and pinch me and tear me apart. I'll Boss, take me alone and pinch me and tear me apart. I'll take it willingly.  But take it willingly.  But take it willingly.  But why are you talking so rudely in front of the doll? why are you talking so rudely in front of the doll? why are you talking so rudely in front of the doll? You and I are You and I are You and I are forced to go to Anonion. forced to go to Anonion. forced to go to Anonion. Somana, Puli Samna, I have enough of this sleeping Somana, Puli Samna, I have enough of this sleeping Somana, Puli Samna, I have enough of this sleeping sickness. I have enough of this. I sickness. I have enough of this. I sickness. I have enough of this. I have burned a pair of pants have burned a pair of pants have burned a pair of pants . This is such a protest.  What should I wear to college tomorrow . This is such a protest.  What should I wear to college tomorrow . This is such a protest.  What should I wear to college tomorrow ? ? ? Why would you put this? Why would you put this? Why would you put this? Don't you have another lice shirt?   Is Don't you have another lice shirt?   Is Don't you have another lice shirt?   Is this my uniform?   What kind of this my uniform?   What kind of this my uniform?   What kind of LKG student are you to wear a uniform LKG student are you to wear a uniform LKG student are you to wear a uniform ? ? ? Ask me that. Ask me that. Ask me that. What's the point of studying all the big LKGs? What's the point of studying all the big LKGs? What's the point of studying all the big LKGs? The next guy bought an iron pack from Medex and The next guy bought an iron pack from Medex and The next guy bought an iron pack from Medex and read that it was safe to store.  This is not the case read that it was safe to store.  This is not the case read that it was safe to store.  This is not the case . . . Turn off the lights and go to bed. Today's uniform is a must.   I'm not looking for looking for looking for another iron box, boss. another iron box, boss. another iron box, boss. Another ion box, Another ion box, Another ion box, look here, there are two, there is only one ion box, look where, look, he has this in his mouth, look, what is it, wait look here, there are two, there is only one ion box, look where, look, he has this in his mouth, look, what is it, wait Look at this, if she Look at this, if she Look at this, if she likes you, she will definitely come looking for you likes you, she will definitely come looking for you likes you, she will definitely come looking for you . . . Excuse Me You said it was Profactor's, it's like a dance studio You said it was Profactor's, it's like a dance studio You said it was Profactor's, it's like a dance studio .  Factory, our profession, .  Factory, our profession, .  Factory, our profession, dance, our fashion, dance, our fashion, dance, our fashion, oh nice, so you'll do all the shows oh nice, so you'll do all the shows oh nice, so you'll do all the shows ? ? ? Oh, we are very famous here, this Tamil Oh, we are very famous here, this Tamil Oh, we are very famous here, this Tamil dance team, have you heard of dance team, have you heard of dance team, have you heard of anything like that? anything like that? anything like that? What, you came all this way to see what I was What, you came all this way to see what I was What, you came all this way to see what I was saying, I did saying, I did saying, I did n't come to see you, I n't come to see you, I n't come to see you, I came to see you. came to see you. came to see you. Okay, okay, that's it. Okay, okay, that's it. Okay, okay, that's it. Excuse me, tell me what's wrong? Excuse me, tell me what's wrong? Excuse me, tell me what's wrong? We are opening the restaurant tomorrow.  That's why We are opening the restaurant tomorrow.  That's why We are opening the restaurant tomorrow.  That's why Dad told me to invite all the suppliers Dad told me to invite all the suppliers Dad told me to invite all the suppliers .  Come here, and definitely .  Come here, and definitely .  Come here, and definitely come here without eating. come here without eating. come here without eating. Why are you going to do blood tests on everyone tomorrow Why are you going to do blood tests on everyone tomorrow Why are you going to do blood tests on everyone tomorrow ? ? ? Oh no, breakfast is okay, come here, Oh no, breakfast is okay, come here, Oh no, breakfast is okay, come here, you too. you too. you too. Bro, she didn't come to see you, she invited you, what did she come to see on the pretext of that? Yes, she invited you, you went and Bro, she didn't come to see you, she invited you, what did she come to see on the pretext of that? Yes, she invited you, you went and saw her, she gave you juice and coffee. saw her, she gave you juice and coffee. saw her, she gave you juice and coffee. What if there were people who gave you tea and coffee? Bro, for love, What if there were people who gave you tea and coffee? Bro, for love, What if there were people who gave you tea and coffee? Bro, for love, even a brick will be served, I will even a brick will be served, I will even a brick will be served, I will eat it. eat it. eat it. You eat that, why should I? You eat that, why should I? You eat that, why should I? You should eat too.  Because You should eat too.  Because You should eat too.  Because you are my bro.   Is you are my bro.   Is you are my bro.   Is everything ready?   Come and everything ready?   Come and everything ready?   Come and taste it when it's ready. taste it when it's ready. taste it when it's ready. What is this? What is this? What is this? Yogurt rice.  [Laughter] Yogurt rice.  [Laughter] Yogurt rice.  [Laughter] What's this blackness, if it's salty? What's this blackness, if it's salty? What's this blackness, if it's salty? No problem.  Guru, you are No problem.  Guru, you are No problem.  Guru, you are very wrong.  How did very wrong.  How did very wrong.  How did you come to run a hotel without knowing all this?  I don't you come to run a hotel without knowing all this?  I don't you come to run a hotel without knowing all this?  I don't understand anything.   Was understand anything.   Was understand anything.   Was n't it wrong for me to come and run a hotel?   Look, he's the one who's trying to be n't it wrong for me to come and run a hotel?   Look, he's the one who's trying to be n't it wrong for me to come and run a hotel?   Look, he's the one who's trying to be like you, like you, like you, that's his mistake. that's his mistake. that's his mistake. Follow me. Follow me. Follow me. Sir, I asked for the color of the couch. Put some here, this is a Put some here, this is a Put some here, this is a great meal [laughter] great meal [laughter] I'll come over here to buy some [laughter] Does anyone want the last spoon? anyone want the last spoon? anyone want the last spoon? This one wants it. Is there This one wants it. Is there This one wants it. Is there a hospital nearby within a hospital nearby within walking distance? I was just waiting for the trouble to come and go walking distance? I was just waiting for the trouble to come and go .  Eat the third side .  Eat the third side .  Eat the third side .  Oh, do .  Oh, do .  Oh, do n't worry, brother, I'll make you a colorful n't worry, brother, I'll make you a colorful n't worry, brother, I'll make you a colorful variety tomorrow. variety tomorrow. variety tomorrow. We will come back tomorrow. We will come back tomorrow. We will come back tomorrow. We will come tomorrow. We will come tomorrow. We will come tomorrow. Does the donkey know?   The Does the donkey know?   The Does the donkey know?   The camphor scent is so strong that you can't even cook it camphor scent is so strong that you can't even cook it camphor scent is so strong that you can't even cook it .   You should .   You should have cut off your hand for cooking like this.  It was a have cut off your hand for cooking like this.  It was a have cut off your hand for cooking like this.  It was a mistake to tie it. Hi Meera, Hi Meera, Hi Meera, Hi Vishwa, Hi Vishwa, Hi Vishwa, what's up Meera? Tell me, what's up Meera? Tell me, what's up Meera? Tell me, what's wrong, you don't like to eat anything what's wrong, you don't like to eat anything what's wrong, you don't like to eat anything ?  [Laughter] ?  [Laughter] ?  [Laughter] No, no, I just drink coffee in the morning No, no, I just drink coffee in the morning No, no, I just drink coffee in the morning .  Did your .  Did your .  Did your friends like everything they ate friends like everything they ate friends like everything they ate ? ? ? Meera asks how the meal was Meera asks how the meal was Meera asks how the meal was . . . Tell me it was great.   If it's Tell me it was great.   If it's Tell me it was great.   If it's great, will you come daily? great, will you come daily? great, will you come daily? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I told you when, bro. I told you when, bro. That's it. Hello, hello, That's it. Hello, hello, That's it. Hello, hello, hello. hello. hello. Say something. I'm sorry, my something. I'm sorry, my something. I'm sorry, my dear. Can dear. Can dear. Can you you you join our dance team? Thank you, Thank you, Thank you, thank you, thank you, I can thank you, thank you, I can come and buy it. Does come and buy it. Does come and buy it. Does Meera really like dancing? Meera really like dancing? Meera really like dancing? They want to join our dance team.  You're the only one who doesn't like dancing They want to join our dance team.  You're the only one who doesn't like dancing They want to join our dance team.  You're the only one who doesn't like dancing . . . Dad doesn't like it, Dad won't come. Dad doesn't like it, Dad won't come. Dad doesn't like it, Dad won't come. Both are the same. Both are the same. Both are the same. My delicious My delicious My delicious side dish is always fresh. side dish is always fresh. side dish is always fresh. Side dish, this is a pest control, it's a pest Side dish, this is a pest control, it's a pest Side dish, this is a pest control, it's a pest control.  This is easy, what kind of mint control.  This is easy, what kind of mint control.  This is easy, what kind of mint chutney is this? Did you think Aralli would come and chop it up? chutney is this? Did you think Aralli would come and chop it up? You have to mix both and then put it away.   I've been You have to mix both and then put it away.   I've been You have to mix both and then put it away.   I've been telling you this for three hours, and telling you this for three hours, and he's just he's just he's just showing off his tricks. showing off his tricks. showing off his tricks. Okay, why this decision, my dear?   I Okay, why this decision, my dear?   I Okay, why this decision, my dear?   I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't even know how to make love [laughter]?   I don't even know how to make love [laughter]?   I don't even know how to make love [laughter]?   I know. know. know. He is getting married tomorrow morning at 9:00 He is getting married tomorrow morning at 9:00 He is getting married tomorrow morning at 9:00 .  I don't know if that's the case. .  I don't know if that's the case. .  I don't know if that's the case. Her Her Her father is in the newspaper, but he's the father is in the newspaper, but he's the father is in the newspaper, but he's the only one who's been there. Do you only one who's been there. Do you think that if I go, Shanti will be happy? She'll think that if I go, Shanti will be happy? She'll think that if I go, Shanti will be happy? She'll drink something like that and leave drink something like that and leave drink something like that and leave . Then they'll say that marriage is in heaven. What's the point of having so many friends? If it was like this, our father would have left her like this. What is it? Is he drinking poison now? Poison. . Then they'll say that marriage is in heaven. What's the point of having so many friends? If it was like this, our father would have left her like this. What is it? Is he drinking poison now? Poison. . Then they'll say that marriage is in heaven. What's the point of having so many friends? If it was like this, our father would have left her like this. What is it? Is he drinking poison now? Poison. The wedding will take place tomorrow.  They will fall at The wedding will take place tomorrow.  They will fall at The wedding will take place tomorrow.  They will fall at your feet and beg you, groom, to marry my daughter your feet and beg you, groom, to marry my daughter . . . How how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how to do a How how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how to do a letter to my dear father letter to my dear father letter to my dear father your son kadhiresan write to my dear father your son kadhiresan write to my dear father your son kadhiresan write to my dear father i love a girl named garbhagam i love a girl named garbhagam i love a girl named garbhagam I have told you many times. I have told you many times. I have told you many times. You You You did not agree to our marriage. did not agree to our marriage. did not agree to our marriage. I have no interest in this marriage at all.  So I have no interest in this marriage at all.  So I have no interest in this marriage at all.  So I'm leaving this town with my girlfriend and going to a I'm leaving this town with my girlfriend and going to a I'm leaving this town with my girlfriend and going to a place out of sight.  Don't look for me place out of sight.  Don't look for me place out of sight.  Don't look for me .  Did you hear?  Did this groom .  Did you hear?  Did this groom .  Did you hear?  Did this groom run away to a place where he could not be seen?  Did he run away run away to a place where he could not be seen?  Did he run away run away to a place where he could not be seen?  Did he run away ? ? ? Oh my goodness, someone must have looked up and Oh my goodness, someone must have looked up and found out where I am. found out where I am. found out where I am. Oh, wait.   Made a Oh, wait.   Made a Oh, wait.   Made a noise.  If the groom runs away, noise.  If the groom runs away, noise.  If the groom runs away, your life will be like this. your life will be like this. your life will be like this. You won't faint.  What a charm, what a charm. You won't faint.  What a charm, what a charm. You won't faint.  What a charm, what a charm. Oh my, the bride Oh my, the bride Oh my, the bride has arrived. has arrived. has arrived. Who will marry this girl now? Who will marry this girl now? Who will marry this girl now? How do you build it? How do you build it? How do you build it? Someone here is going to make a big man out of you and marry you off Someone here is going to make a big man out of you and marry you off Someone here is going to make a big man out of you and marry you off . . . How is that?  Even if the kathirika doesn't come, if one How is that?  Even if the kathirika doesn't come, if one How is that?  Even if the kathirika doesn't come, if one property is changed, property is changed, who here has such a great man?  It won't happen, it won't happen who here has such a great man?  It won't happen, it won't happen who here has such a great man?  It won't happen, it won't happen . . . Why won't it happen? I'm getting married Why won't it happen? I'm getting married Why won't it happen? I'm getting married .   I am not me .   I am not me .   I am not me .  This person .  This person .  This person will get married to this person. will get married to this person. will get married to this person. Sir, are you getting married? Sir, are you getting married? I did a little build-up, which Bhudevi didn't immediately agree to. I did a little build-up, which Bhudevi didn't immediately agree to. I did a little build-up, which Bhudevi didn't immediately agree to. What kind of comedy are you doing? What kind of comedy are you doing? What kind of comedy are you doing? Suddenly, a girl is getting married Suddenly, a girl is getting married Suddenly, a girl is getting married .  How come you told me to spice it up .  How come you told me to spice it up .  How come you told me to spice it up ? ? ? You shouldn't say that, sir.   Are You shouldn't say that, sir.   Are You shouldn't say that, sir.   Are you the one who is building up the marriage? Ca you the one who is building up the marriage? Ca n't you get married? n't you get married? n't you get married? Look at that girl's face, sir. Look at that girl's face, sir. Look at that girl's face, sir. You're the one who should get married somehow, You're the one who should get married somehow, You're the one who should get married somehow, sir.   You ca sir.   You ca n't just marry someone who looks at you from the front and back, can you?   Hey n't just marry someone who looks at you from the front and back, can you?   Hey n't just marry someone who looks at you from the front and back, can you?   Hey brother, I'm also watching brother, I'm also watching brother, I'm also watching .  How long have you been .  How long have you been .  How long have you been talking to each other about the song? talking to each other about the song? talking to each other about the song? How long has that brother been begging?   Please How long has that brother been begging?   Please How long has that brother been begging?   Please speak a little bit more politely. speak a little bit more politely. speak a little bit more politely. Brother, you've gone to such lengths to speak for that girl Brother, you've gone to such lengths to speak for that girl Brother, you've gone to such lengths to speak for that girl .  Hey, are you her brother? .  Hey, are you her brother? .  Hey, are you her brother? What are you asking me like this for? I What are you asking me like this for? I What are you asking me like this for? I was just born, bro? was just born, bro? was just born, bro? Oh my god, you're like a dagger, don't you think? Oh my god, you're like a dagger, don't you think? Oh my god, you're like a dagger, don't you think? That brother, who is your son, That brother, who is your son, That brother, who is your son, is fighting for your daughter. You're is fighting for your daughter. You're is fighting for your daughter. You're like a check, go and tell that boy to tie the knot with the like a check, go and tell that boy to tie the knot with the like a check, go and tell that boy to tie the knot with the girl. Even if girl. Even if girl. Even if the gift falls, it doesn't the gift falls, it doesn't the gift falls, it doesn't matter. Oh, just leave it alone. Just leave it alone. Don't let that matter. Oh, just leave it alone. Just leave it alone. Don't let that girl get hurt. May our blessings be upon her. our blessings be upon her. our blessings be upon her. This wedding happened because of my brother. This wedding happened because of my brother. This wedding happened because of my brother. [Laughter] Blessings to my brother. [Laughter] Blessings to my brother. [Laughter] Blessings to my brother. This marriage is a disgrace because of this This marriage is a disgrace because of this This marriage is a disgrace because of this brother.   I would like to brother.   I would like to brother.   I would like to say that he is a very good brother and a good friend say that he is a very good brother and a good friend say that he is a very good brother and a good friend . . Did you know that we went to the movie the other day? I really liked that movie.   Be Did you know that we went to the movie the other day? I really liked that movie.   Be Did you know that we went to the movie the other day? I really liked that movie.   Be brave, my dear. brave, my dear. brave, my dear. That too, the heroine is first and foremost. That too, the heroine is first and foremost. That too, the heroine is first and foremost. I really like it. I really like it. I really like it. My friend is waiting for his Plus Two results My friend is waiting for his Plus Two results My friend is waiting for his Plus Two results .   Okay, okay .   Okay, okay .   Okay, okay .  493 What, what What, what What, what No, brother [laughter] My friend made our rava pass, so I'll No, brother [laughter] My friend made our rava pass, so I'll No, brother [laughter] My friend made our rava pass, so I'll see you by the sea for 10 days. see you by the sea for 10 days. see you by the sea for 10 days. That's why That's why That's why I told them I found it in the water, so I tried to find another job I told them I found it in the water, so I tried to find another job I told them I found it in the water, so I tried to find another job .  I got a job, I got it, I was the one who wanted to be old .  I got a job, I got it, I was the one who wanted to be old . . . Why don't you Why don't you Why don't you give me a job to sweat, give me a job to sweat, give me a job to sweat, how do we get rid of it? how do we get rid of it? How can we even say that we found something in the water and then turn it into a bathing water? How can we even say that we found something in the water and then turn it into a bathing water? How can we even say that we found something in the water and then turn it into a bathing water? That water is different from this water. There That water is different from this water. There That water is different from this water. There is no difference between the two. is no difference between the two. is no difference between the two. So you're just eating and hanging around without doing any work So you're just eating and hanging around without doing any work So you're just eating and hanging around without doing any work .   You ca .   You ca .   You ca n't say that so bluntly.  Let n't say that so bluntly.  Let n't say that so bluntly.  Let me give you a guess. Who is it? Who is it? Who is it? [Music] Stuck, stuck Which one?  [Music] Is she wearing makeup? Maybe she she wearing makeup? Maybe she she wearing makeup? Maybe she 's an actress? 's an actress? 's an actress? Yes, yes, the actress is the actress, Yes, yes, the actress is the actress, Yes, yes, the actress is the actress, what is her name? what is her name? what is her name? KR Vijaya, who is KR KR Vijaya, who is KR KR Vijaya, who is KR Vijaya? We haven't seen the previous Punna, the latest, the latest, Vijaya? We haven't seen the previous Punna, the latest, the latest, then the remake, then the remake, then the remake, oh my head is so smooth, it's getting a little bit oh my head is so smooth, it's getting a little bit oh my head is so smooth, it's getting a little bit better. better. better. What kind of castile smell do you smell in the middle of this Karuvattu? What kind of castile smell do you smell in the middle of this Karuvattu? What kind of castile smell do you smell in the middle of this Karuvattu? We all have to have a We all have to have a We all have to have a nose for that. nose for that. nose for that. Hey, Hey, Hey, why do why do why do normal people normal people normal people only have warts on their tongues?   Only only have warts on their tongues?   Only only have warts on their tongues?   Only fools have nasal discharge fools have nasal discharge fools have nasal discharge . . . Oh my, what is that girl looking at? my, what is that girl looking at? my, what is that girl looking at? Sura, is that girl watching us?   Do Sura, is that girl watching us?   Do Sura, is that girl watching us?   Do n't come and look at us, Ambarala, I'm n't come and look at us, Ambarala, I'm n't come and look at us, Ambarala, I'm looking at you. looking at you. looking at you. What are you waiting for?  Are you looking at me What are you waiting for?  Are you looking at me What are you waiting for?  Are you looking at me ?   Do all these ?   Do all these girls who are fair-skinned girls who are fair-skinned girls who are fair-skinned get a bit crazy when they see black guys? get a bit crazy when they see black guys? get a bit crazy when they see black guys? What are you saying, crazy person?  Oh my gosh, then What are you saying, crazy person?  Oh my gosh, then What are you saying, crazy person?  Oh my gosh, then another important thing.  You shouldn't be so heartbroken and start shaving your beard when that girl another important thing.  You shouldn't be so heartbroken and start shaving your beard when that girl another important thing.  You shouldn't be so heartbroken and start shaving your beard when that girl suddenly comes up to me and says, "I love you," and suddenly comes up to me and says, "I love you," and suddenly comes up to me and says, "I love you," and kisses me kisses me . I thought you spat right there. [Music] You came, what the hell? You came straight like this and what the hell? You came straight like this and what the hell? You came straight like this and made a U-turn and left. I'm not good at it made a U-turn and left. I'm not good at it made a U-turn and left. I'm not good at it .  Oh, he turns like that .  Oh, he turns like that .  Oh, he turns like that . . . Oh, sea mummy.  Oh dear. Oh, sea mummy.  Oh dear. Oh, sea mummy.  Oh dear. Oh mother of the sea, what is this shameful thing that I have to say? If I come to tell you, I will die come to tell you, I will die come to tell you, I will die in the sea.   Just in the sea.   Just in the sea.   Just leave two. leave two. leave two. Ayyappa, don't play around and save that girl. Look at Ayyappa, don't play around and save that girl. Look at what kind of young man is this who has sex with a girl. what kind of young man is this who has sex with a girl. what kind of young man is this who has sex with a girl. Hey, web hosting. Hey, web hosting. Hey, web hosting. You can make a web whenever you want.  But do You can make a web whenever you want.  But do You can make a web whenever you want.  But do you want to prevent a girl's suicide?  It should be like this you want to prevent a girl's suicide?  It should be like this you want to prevent a girl's suicide?  It should be like this ice cream cone. ice cream cone. ice cream cone. Go and get it. Go and get it. Go and get it. Hey hey, listen to this girl. Hey hey, listen to this girl. Hey hey, listen to this girl. I'd rather die than anything.  I ca I'd rather die than anything.  I ca I'd rather die than anything.  I ca n't live without my Ramesh. n't live without my Ramesh. n't live without my Ramesh. Oh, love failure, oh my. Oh, love failure, oh my. Oh, love failure, oh my. No, leave it alone.  I can't live without my Ramesh No, leave it alone.  I can't live without my Ramesh No, leave it alone.  I can't live without my Ramesh . . . What if there is no Ramesh, there is a Suresh.   If What if there is no Ramesh, there is a Suresh.   If What if there is no Ramesh, there is a Suresh.   If there is no Suresh, there is a Dinesh, if there is no Dinesh, there is there is no Suresh, there is a Dinesh, if there is no Dinesh, there is there is no Suresh, there is a Dinesh, if there is no Dinesh, there is a Ganesh, come on.   I ca a Ganesh, come on.   I ca n't change my mind like that.  I don't want a life without Ramesh n't change my mind like that.  I don't want a life without Ramesh n't change my mind like that.  I don't want a life without Ramesh .  What the hell. [Music] He took that boy and went to the water took that boy and went to the water took that boy and went to the water .   If you come, you come, you come, what's up? what's up? what's up? Hello, girl, why didn't you write it? Oh, my God, I'm sorry. What kind of exhibition are they showing here? What kind of exhibition are they showing here? What kind of exhibition are they showing here? Who's calling the ambulance? Who's calling the ambulance? Who's calling the ambulance? First aid for the children in the ambulance, First aid for the children in the ambulance, First aid for the children in the ambulance, brother, first aid, brother. How is that? People who brother, first aid, brother. How is that? People who brother, first aid, brother. How is that? People who fall into the sea like this fall into the sea like this fall into the sea like this drink a lot of water. So, press your drink a lot of water. So, press your drink a lot of water. So, press your hand on your stomach like this. Press it. Press it. Press it. Press it. If you keep pressing it like this, will the hand on your stomach like this. Press it. Press it. Press it. Press it. If you keep pressing it like this, will the intestines come intestines come intestines come out through your mouth? Tell me. If you keep out through your mouth? Tell me. If you keep out through your mouth? Tell me. If you keep pressing it like this, will pressing it like this, will pressing it like this, will all the water you drank come out through your mouth? Press it. all the water you drank come out through your mouth? Press it. all the water you drank come out through your mouth? Press it. Brother. Brother. Brother. [Music] I'm [Music] I'm [Music] I'm very shy. Go. I'm on very shy. Go. I'm on very shy. Go. I'm on duty. You shouldn't be shy after you've been on duty.   Don't be shy, duty. You shouldn't be shy after you've been on duty.   Don't be shy, duty. You shouldn't be shy after you've been on duty.   Don't be shy, brother brother brother . . . Yes, Raja, Yes, Raja, Yes, Raja, okay, you're telling me, Periyavangallam, let's do it okay, you're telling me, Periyavangallam, let's do it okay, you're telling me, Periyavangallam, let's do it . . . Excuse me, Excuse me, Excuse me, what is it? what is it? Can I have a subconscious brand that I want to have a part in this sacred thing? Can I have a subconscious brand that I want to have a part in this sacred thing? Can I have a subconscious brand that I want to have a part in this sacred thing? Okay, I'll cover the right area Okay, I'll cover the right area Okay, I'll cover the right area .  Thank you for covering the left area .  Thank you for covering the left area .  Thank you for covering the left area . . . What are you two going to do? What are you two going to do? What is this, drinking water, to get rid of the water that is in your stomach?  [Laughter] No, it's okay. I'm not going to give you What is this, drinking water, to get rid of the water that is in your stomach?  [Laughter] No, it's okay. I'm not going to give you first aid. But the shoes are still there, and they're first aid. But the shoes are still there, and they're like they're going to sting. like they're going to sting. like they're going to sting. What's the first aid again? What's the first aid again? What's the first aid again? Hey, what's the point of saving me? I Hey, what's the point of saving me? I Hey, what's the point of saving me? I listened to you and saved me. listened to you and saved me. listened to you and saved me. I don't need this ugliness. I don't need this ugliness. I don't need this ugliness. Hey mister, talk to me. Hey mister, talk to me. Hey mister, talk to me. Dad, don't read Dad, don't read Dad, don't read this again, I'll pick it up and this again, I'll pick it up and throw it back into the sea. throw it back into the sea. throw it back into the sea. Hey, Big Big, Hey, do you have any sense? You can't even Hey, do you have any sense? You can't even Hey, do you have any sense? You can't even get into the house through the door that you're jumping into like this get into the house through the door that you're jumping into like this get into the house through the door that you're jumping into like this ? ? ? We are all Superman.  This is how We are all Superman.  This is how We are all Superman.  This is how we will arrive.  Hey, what's with the rice bag? I'll we will arrive.  Hey, what's with the rice bag? I'll tell your brother to call all these birds and ask them to come to my room tell your brother to call all these birds and ask them to come to my room tell your brother to call all these birds and ask them to come to my room .  Look, .  Look, these are all my friends who don't do this kind of insulting stuff. these are all my friends who don't do this kind of insulting stuff. these are all my friends who don't do this kind of insulting stuff. What is this quarter ticket or half ticket, What is this quarter ticket or half ticket, What is this quarter ticket or half ticket, your friend?  [Laughter] your friend?  [Laughter] your friend?  [Laughter] Go outside. Go outside. Go outside. Hey, why should I go outside? Hey, why should I go outside? Hey, why should I go outside? I have equal rights in this room.  Dad I have equal rights in this room.  Dad I have equal rights in this room.  Dad told me. told me. told me. What's up, a full three-foot high, that's the rights issue. What's up, a full three-foot high, that's the rights issue. What's up, a full three-foot high, that's the rights issue. Now go and see, Now go and see, Now go and see, Sachin Tendulkar has come to the next street. I didn't even Sachin Tendulkar has come to the next street. I didn't even Sachin Tendulkar has come to the next street. I didn't even get an autograph from him, get an autograph from him, get an autograph from him, not even a good shirt. not even a good shirt. not even a good shirt. Push it all away and it will all fall apart.  This is a Push it all away and it will all fall apart.  This is a Push it all away and it will all fall apart.  This is a different toy. different toy. different toy. Anna, Sachin is really here, Anna, Sachin is really here, Anna, Sachin is really here, Sachin is here, and his sister Sachin is here, and his sister Sachin is here, and his sister Aishwarya Rai is here, and Aishwarya Rai is here, and Aishwarya Rai is here, and they are shooting an ad film on the next street. they are shooting an ad film on the next street. they are shooting an ad film on the next street. Both of them disappeared like Vinnal. Where is he? Where is he? Where is he? Where is he? Where is he? Where is he? Who is he? Who is he? Who is he? In the economy of In the economy of In the economy of Japan, the economy of Japan is the Japan, the economy of Japan is the Japan, the economy of Japan is the best economy. In the economy of Japan, the economy of Japan is the best economy. In the economy of Japan best economy. In the economy of Japan, the economy of Japan is the best economy. In the economy of Japan [laughter] Police Part 2 Did you pick a [laughter] Police Part 2 Did you pick a [laughter] Police Part 2 Did you pick a fight on the street and fight on the street and fight on the street and come here and study like a good kid come here and study like a good kid come here and study like a good kid ?  My ?  My ?  My sister-in-law, my police, my mom. sister-in-law, my police, my mom. sister-in-law, my police, my mom. This is not a police station.  Our house. This is not a police station.  Our house. This is not a police station.  Our house. Since 6 o'clock in the morning, he has been sitting in his room, Since 6 o'clock in the morning, he has been sitting in his room, Since 6 o'clock in the morning, he has been sitting in his room, studying sincerely studying sincerely studying sincerely .  He goes to .  He goes to .  He goes to Indian Economy [laughter] It's always Indian Economy [laughter] It's always Indian Economy [laughter] It's always his economy. The his economy. The first boy in this world to tie a skirt and study will be your boy first boy in this world to tie a skirt and study will be your boy first boy in this world to tie a skirt and study will be your boy .   Did .   Did .   Did you think about it and tie a skirt and then, in your you think about it and tie a skirt and then, in your you think about it and tie a skirt and then, in your eagerness to study, you did eagerness to study, you did eagerness to study, you did n't recognize n't recognize n't recognize it?   Don't it?   Don't believe anything he says, you liar.  He just believe anything he says, you liar.  He just believe anything he says, you liar.  He just jumped in from above a while ago jumped in from above a while ago jumped in from above a while ago . . . You've come like a curry to my train engine You've come like a curry to my train engine You've come like a curry to my train engine .   Is it .   Is it .   Is it all his work? all his work? Do you know that Sachin and Aishwarya Rai left us wandering around the streets, saying they were shooting? Do you know that Sachin and Aishwarya Rai left us wandering around the streets, saying they were shooting? Do you know that Sachin and Aishwarya Rai left us wandering around the streets, saying they were shooting? I didn't say that, but I didn't say that, but I didn't say that, but Sachidananda Swamiji has Sachidananda Swamiji has Sachidananda Swamiji has come to the temple next door.  I told him that if he went and come to the temple next door.  I told him that if he went and come to the temple next door.  I told him that if he went and received blessings, he would find wealth received blessings, he would find wealth received blessings, he would find wealth .   What if .   What if .   What if you, you, you, knowing that Sachin, took the player and knowing that Sachin, took the player and knowing that Sachin, took the player and went looking for Aishwarya Rai, how would you feel went looking for Aishwarya Rai, how would you feel went looking for Aishwarya Rai, how would you feel ?  As Vadivel says, ?  As Vadivel says, ?  As Vadivel says, there is a small treasure.  Look, Dad. there is a small treasure.  Look, Dad. there is a small treasure.  Look, Dad. Hey, I'm just Hey, I'm just Hey, I'm just waiting for you to write all four Aryan papers and pass. waiting for you to write all four Aryan papers and pass. waiting for you to write all four Aryan papers and pass. That won't happen. You That won't happen. You That won't happen. You keep studying. He'll tell you, "Kabaddi, Kabaddi." keep studying. He'll tell you, "Kabaddi, Kabaddi." Dad, I forgot all that a long time ago. If you don't believe me, Dad, I forgot all that a long time ago. If you don't believe me, ask your mother. ask your mother. ask your mother. Yes, no, Yes, no, my dear. I'm the one who my dear. I'm the one who my dear. I'm the one who talks a lot.  Did you go to Seppiya's house and talks a lot.  Did you go to Seppiya's house and talks a lot.  Did you go to Seppiya's house and play? play? play? Your father is not around, Your father is not around, Your father is not around, what do I say? Just feed him. what do I say? Just feed him. what do I say? Just feed him. Your father also Your father also buys every dinosaur for revenge. Uncle, you are not a cow today. buys every dinosaur for revenge. Uncle, you are not a cow today. buys every dinosaur for revenge. Uncle, you are not a cow today. Your father has confused everyone at the party Your father has confused everyone at the party .  Vijayakanth thinks he has great mental strength .  Vijayakanth thinks he has great mental strength .  Vijayakanth thinks he has great mental strength .  I'm .  I'm .  I'm telling you, think about it, Velu. telling you, think about it, Velu. telling you, think about it, Velu. But your father is very much a policeman But your father is very much a policeman But your father is very much a policeman .   We have been .   We have been .   We have been following 24 Hourza for real following 24 Hourza for real following 24 Hourza for real .  How are you coping at home .  How are you coping at home .  How are you coping at home ?   Don't ?   Don't ?   Don't talk to that guy and make him do something else. talk to that guy and make him do something else. talk to that guy and make him do something else. Alas! Alas! Alas! Hey aunty, you've been asking me a question for a long time, and Hey aunty, you've been asking me a question for a long time, and you're answering it respectfully.   Does you're answering it respectfully.   Does you're answering it respectfully.   Does your father only your father only your father only put porridge on his dress?  Will the four lots at home put porridge on his dress?  Will the four lots at home put porridge on his dress?  Will the four lots at home die?  Why are you die?  Why are you die?  Why are you looking so different?   He's going to be gone for looking so different?   He's going to be gone for looking so different?   He's going to be gone for a day. a day. a day. Dude, you Dude, you Dude, you forgot what I was talking about.  "Sachi, do it again, forgot what I was talking about.  "Sachi, do it again, forgot what I was talking about.  "Sachi, do it again, Kada Kumara has another fever and Kada Kumara has another fever and Kada Kumara has another fever and is getting worse." is getting worse." is getting worse." Then, in our village, Duveel Kuppam, Then, in our village, Duveel Kuppam, Then, in our village, Duveel Kuppam, his mother was arrested by the police for a liquor case his mother was arrested by the police for a liquor case his mother was arrested by the police for a liquor case . . . He said, "Don't worry, I'm He said, "Don't worry, I'm He said, "Don't worry, I'm terrible at the match, leave the culture behind."   What happens in terrible at the match, leave the culture behind."   What happens in terrible at the match, leave the culture behind."   What happens in tomorrow's match, brother, tomorrow's match, brother, tomorrow's match, brother, is entirely in your hands. is entirely in your hands. is entirely in your hands. He's going to have a terrible time buying from us, isn't he? He's going to have a terrible time buying from us, isn't he? Dad, he's the wrong number, the Dad, he's the wrong number, the Dad, he's the wrong number, the wrong number, the wrong friends.  I can proudly say that my wrong number, the wrong friends.  I can proudly say that my wrong number, the wrong friends.  I can proudly say that my son is a Tendulkar in cricket and son is a Tendulkar in cricket and son is a Tendulkar in cricket and an Anand in chess. an Anand in chess. It seems that Poruki and Pasanga are also playing kabaddi together.  Friends' names are not good, It seems that Poruki and Pasanga are also playing kabaddi together.  Friends' names are not good, It seems that Poruki and Pasanga are also playing kabaddi together.  Friends' names are not good, Kumar is a big dick, they are Kumar is a big dick, they are Kumar is a big dick, they are talking about a Discovery Channel, what is its name, talking about a Discovery Channel, what is its name, I am the only one who is a fox, it has been cut, nothing else, I am the only one who is a fox, it has been cut, nothing else, I am the only one who is a fox, it has been cut, nothing else, uncle, tomorrow uncle, tomorrow uncle, tomorrow morning at 11 am, the Ambedkar round morning at 11 am, the Ambedkar round morning at 11 am, the Ambedkar round match, you are asking to come and play.  Kabaddi Kabaddi match, you are asking to come and play.  Kabaddi Kabaddi match, you are asking to come and play.  Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Uncle, just like that, you Kabaddi Uncle, just like that, you put that foot in your mouth, you're a rascal, Arnold, I'm put that foot in your mouth, you're a rascal, Arnold, I'm put that foot in your mouth, you're a rascal, Arnold, I'm your father, I'm talking to you. your father, I'm talking to you. your father, I'm talking to you. I am your father, but if I I am your father, but if I get hold of you, I will kill you, get hold of you, I will kill you, get hold of you, I will kill you, Raja, Raja, why are you so angry? Tomorrow morning at 11 am, why are you so angry? Tomorrow morning at 11 am, why are you so angry? Tomorrow morning at 11 am, Kabaddi at Ambedkar Ground Kabaddi at Ambedkar Ground Kabaddi at Ambedkar Ground . This is your last warning. . This is your last warning. . This is your last warning. Write all four papers properly, pass them, and then Write all four papers properly, pass them, and then Write all four papers properly, pass them, and then look for a responsible job.  Hey, look for a responsible job.  Hey, look for a responsible job.  Hey, he shouldn't leave the house or he shouldn't leave the house or he shouldn't leave the house or go anywhere tomorrow morning.   They won't go go anywhere tomorrow morning.   They won't go go anywhere tomorrow morning.   They won't go .   We went too far .   We went too far .   We went too far .  [Music] Hi Hi Hi hi, hi, hi, what's up with the sudden hug? what's up with the sudden hug? what's up with the sudden hug? Shopping? Shopping? Shopping? Who are Who are Who are you? you? you? Warning. Warning. Warning. Warning? Warning? Warning? Me too, oh my god.   The elevator has to stop halfway. elevator has to stop halfway. We thought it would be good to do something.  This guy is We thought it would be good to do something.  This guy is We thought it would be good to do something.  This guy is like an apple.  It's like an apple.  It's like an apple.  It's like a straight line. like a straight line. like a straight line. Oh, he's looking at us.  [Sigh] My Oh, he's looking at us.  [Sigh] My Oh, he's looking at us.  [Sigh] My breath is coming in heavily.  Muruga  If breath is coming in heavily.  Muruga  If you you you 've done something wrong to me, that's a safety 've done something wrong to me, that's a safety 've done something wrong to me, that's a safety net. net. net. Isn't this a bit too much for you? Isn't this a bit too much for you? Isn't this a bit too much for you? How can you think we're so wrong?  Is it How can you think we're so wrong?  Is it wrong for us to think of you this way?   Will wrong for us to think of you this way?   Will wrong for us to think of you this way?   Will we have black too? we have black too? How do you know I misunderstood you? How do you know I misunderstood you? How do you know I misunderstood you? All the details I know, all the girls and All the details I know, all the girls and All the details I know, all the girls and boys think like this.   The boys think like this.   The boys think like this.   The elevator was stopped right before my eyes. The elevator was stopped right before my eyes. The mechanic said, "The elevator is elevator is elevator is stopped. Are you playing? stopped. Are you playing? stopped. Are you playing? Play. Play. Play. Will it be another hour? Will it be another hour? Will it be another hour? Or will it be another 10 or 15 minutes?" I Or will it be another 10 or 15 minutes?" I Or will it be another 10 or 15 minutes?" I asked, "Will it be another hour?" We made it asked, "Will it be another hour?" We made it asked, "Will it be another hour?" We made it one hour.  It'll one hour.  It'll one hour.  It'll be one hour, if that's how be one hour, if that's how be one hour, if that's how long it takes to suffocate and die, long it takes to suffocate and die, long it takes to suffocate and die, that's fine too. There's no that's fine too. There's no that's fine too. There's no problem, no cell phone bill, problem, no cell phone bill, problem, no cell phone bill, no electricity bill, no house rent no electricity bill, no house rent no electricity bill, no house rent .  I don't even need to go shopping.  This eyebrow .  I don't even need to go shopping.  This eyebrow .  I don't even need to go shopping.  This eyebrow pencil doesn't need any lipstick. pencil doesn't need any lipstick. pencil doesn't need any lipstick. I don't wear any makeup.  I just I don't wear any makeup.  I just I don't wear any makeup.  I just washed my face and put on some lipstick washed my face and put on some lipstick washed my face and put on some lipstick . What is this? What is this? What is this? It's just that the cream moonshine works, everything else is the same moonshine works, everything else is the same moonshine works, everything else is the same .   Do you love someone? you love someone? you love someone? You haven't You haven't seen anyone with the qualities I think they have yet. seen anyone with the qualities I think they have yet. seen anyone with the qualities I think they have yet. How should I be? How should I be? How should I be? You must have read a lot.  You have to have a big job and You must have read a lot.  You have to have a big job and be very, very good.   If I be very, very good.   If I be very, very good.   If I only got that foreigner in my hands, only got that foreigner in my hands, only got that foreigner in my hands, I would have I would have I would have congratulated you. congratulated you. We don't have any ideas on what kind of food you should make, We don't have any ideas on what kind of food you should make, We don't have any ideas on what kind of food you should make, because they have because they have because they have a taste for what they say.  It's hard because of the girls a taste for what they say.  It's hard because of the girls a taste for what they say.  It's hard because of the girls .   I left the .   I left the .   I left the elevator ready and elevator ready and elevator ready and turned on due to bad habits. turned on due to bad habits. turned on due to bad habits. Hey, Hey, Hey, hey, I've already been beaten by you, so hey, I've already been beaten by you, so hey, I've already been beaten by you, so now I have to go down to the elevator and find now I have to go down to the elevator and find now I have to go down to the elevator and find Tamar.   That Tamar.   That Tamar.   That 's it, 's it, 's it, that's it [sighing][breathing] You guys [sighing][breathing] You guys are singing, I'm are singing, I'm are singing, I'm suspicious again, I'm angry, I'm leaving, don't be angry, suspicious again, I'm angry, I'm leaving, don't be angry, suspicious again, I'm angry, I'm leaving, don't be angry, why do I feel so wrong, okay, okay, okay, why do I feel so wrong, okay, okay, okay, how did you shake it how did you shake it how did you shake it ?   Are ?   Are ?   Are you okay now? you okay now? you okay now? Okay now. Okay now. Okay now. Okay, buy it. Okay.   Okay, no Okay.   Okay, no Okay.   Okay, no . . . Okay, okay. Lift. Lift. Lift. I still have three flavors of that hair spray. I still have three flavors of that hair spray. I still have three flavors of that hair spray. This is the best.  Turn it on quickly, This is the best.  Turn it on quickly, This is the best.  Turn it on quickly, hey, put it on like that, put it on [music], put it on hey, put it on like that, put it on [music], put it on