Bonjour, Flo, the day is Friday, I don't know how it's not called that, but I understand, I understand, I'll start Flo, the day is Friday, I don't know how it's not called that, but I understand, I understand, I'll start vlogging today, I said, "Just listen, honestly, I'm vlogging today, I said, "Just listen, honestly, I'm vlogging today, I said, "Just listen, honestly, I'm not normal, what happened this Friday, because every not normal, what happened this Friday, because every not normal, what happened this Friday, because every day since Monday I've been saying today I'm going to day since Monday I've been saying today I'm going to day since Monday I've been saying today I'm going to start vlogging, but God didn't make it easy for us, we were singled out, start vlogging, but God didn't make it easy for us, we were singled out, start vlogging, but God didn't make it easy for us, we were singled out, you wouldn't believe it if you watched last Friday's vlog, you wouldn't believe it if you watched last Friday's vlog, you wouldn't believe it if you watched last Friday's vlog, I told you, I came to Sousse, the family and everyone, and we were going to spend time together, but we were I told you, I came to Sousse, the family and everyone, and we were going to spend time together, but we were distracted because at the same time my uncle and his wife were distracted because at the same time my uncle and his wife were distracted because at the same time my uncle and his wife were coming, and we had a wedding, we had a party every night, it was coming, and we had a wedding, we had a party every night, it was coming, and we had a wedding, we had a party every night, it was after the wedding, and all that, and I wanted to go, I wanted to go, I even had media, I wasn't posting, so that's why I even had media, I wasn't posting, so that's why I even had media, I wasn't posting, so that's why I said, listen, let me start a vlog, I want to vlog, said, listen, let me start a vlog, I want to vlog, said, listen, let me start a vlog, I want to vlog, but I'm shy, shy, the camera is in front of the whole family, they all know, they but I'm shy, shy, the camera is in front of the whole family, they all know, they but I'm shy, shy, the camera is in front of the whole family, they all know, they all follow and watch, but I didn't know, except all follow and watch, but I didn't know, except all follow and watch, but I didn't know, except You understand my feeling You understand my feeling You understand my feeling that I'm going to flood you today, tomorrow, and the day after tomorrow. I came when I that I'm going to flood you today, tomorrow, and the day after tomorrow. I came when I that I'm going to flood you today, tomorrow, and the day after tomorrow. I came when I came, I'm Sousse, I came on the first came, I'm Sousse, I came on the first came, I'm Sousse, I came on the first Friday, and believe me, she said, and believe me, I still haven't Friday, and believe me, she said, and believe me, I still haven't Friday, and believe me, she said, and believe me, I still haven't swum in the sea of ​​Sousse, so you understand how much swum in the sea of ​​Sousse, so you understand how much swum in the sea of ​​Sousse, so you understand how much we missed. Here, go check on who, here, meet who, do we missed. Here, go check on who, here, meet who, do we missed. Here, go check on who, here, meet who, do what, go out, go, come, wedding, Ashmoun, what, go out, go, come, wedding, Ashmoun, what, go out, go, come, wedding, Ashmoun, that's Messa, so I'm going to that's Messa, so I'm going to that's Messa, so I'm going to spend the night in Kelibia, with a goat, spend the night in Kelibia, with a goat, spend the night in Kelibia, with a goat, always sponsoring, the volleyball in Kelibia, if you know always sponsoring, the volleyball in Kelibia, if you know always sponsoring, the volleyball in Kelibia, if you know why I went there, and tomorrow I'm going again, very, very excited, so that's how I'll keep you with me, weekly, weekend vlog. why I went there, and tomorrow I'm going again, very, very excited, so that's how I'll keep you with me, weekly, weekend vlog. Today is the only morning I'm free, and I have a lot, a lot of Today is the only morning I'm free, and I have a lot, a lot of work, I know what that means, work, I know what that means, work, I know what that means, they're kissing me on it and I'm delaying it and being stingy with it, just they're kissing me on it and I'm delaying it and being stingy with it, just they're kissing me on it and I'm delaying it and being stingy with it, just because because because that's how I got busy and finished. I want to spend quality time with that's how I got busy and finished. I want to spend quality time with that's how I got busy and finished. I want to spend quality time with us, not always with the family, and everything, even if you saw even us, not always with the family, and everything, even if you saw even us, not always with the family, and everything, even if you saw even What's up with me and my brother? We don't spend What's up with me and my brother? We don't spend What's up with me and my brother? We don't spend time together, not even on Fridays or time together, not even on Fridays or time together, not even on Fridays or during the year, because everyone's living in their own little world. So, you know, during the year, because everyone's living in their own little world. So, you know, during the year, because everyone's living in their own little world. So, you know, this Friday brought us all together in one house, in one place, on the go. this Friday brought us all together in one house, in one place, on the go. And today is the only morning like this. And today is the only morning like this. Please, I'm going to the mall to take a look around. I want to buy something, I Please, I'm going to the mall to take a look around. I want to buy something, I Please, I'm going to the mall to take a look around. I want to buy something, I understand. I know the phone starts at understand. I know the phone starts at understand. I know the phone starts at 7, or the soli, so normally I go to the phone to take a look around, see what cute outfits are, I want to buy something. I really want to 7, or the soli, so normally I go to the phone to take a look around, see what cute outfits are, I want to buy something. I really want to go to the mall today to get a feel for go to the mall today to get a feel for go to the mall today to get a feel for myself a little because I'm so confused. Otherwise, I'm totally obsessed with something called myself a little because I'm so confused. Otherwise, I'm totally obsessed with something called myself a little because I'm so confused. Otherwise, I'm totally obsessed with something called eyeliner. Who would have eyeliner. Who would have eyeliner. Who would have told me to? I love it, I like it, and it suits me, told me to? I love it, I like it, and it suits me, told me to? I love it, I like it, and it suits me, but but but the problem is I don't know how to do it. I mean, little by little, I'm getting used to it. the problem is I don't know how to do it. I mean, little by little, I'm getting used to it. the problem is I don't know how to do it. I mean, little by little, I'm getting used to it. That's what's bothering me.  Krioun, I knew Mi That's what's bothering me.  Krioun, I knew Mi That's what's bothering me.  Krioun, I knew Mi Safa, the world is hot today, the hottest day in Safa, the world is hot today, the hottest day in Safa, the world is hot today, the hottest day in Sousse, Sousse, Sousse, because Friday isn't hot at all, even the sea isn't hot because Friday isn't hot at all, even the sea isn't hot because Friday isn't hot at all, even the sea isn't hot because it's not appealing, not for any reason, but today is so hot, so hot, because it's not appealing, not for any reason, but today is so hot, so hot, because it's not appealing, not for any reason, but today is so hot, so hot, I'll go cool off at the I'll go cool off at the I'll go cool off at the mall, Fawala, mall, Fawala, mall, Fawala, Mi Yasser, we're really, really, really, really, really, I liked it, I didn't understand why you started taking pictures here, people started understand why you started taking pictures here, people started understand why you started taking pictures here, people started staring at you, staring at you, staring at you, where's the social media? And I knew you came to the match, I'm going to take a where's the social media? And I knew you came to the match, I'm going to take a where's the social media? And I knew you came to the match, I'm going to take a solo diet [music], I'm taking pictures as much as I can, but I can't get the camera out, taking pictures as much as I can, but I can't get the camera out, taking pictures as much as I can, but I can't get the camera out, space and talk, it's really impossible, I did a space and talk, it's really impossible, I did a space and talk, it's really impossible, I did a little shopping, I bought a few things, actually, I didn't little shopping, I bought a few things, actually, I didn't little shopping, I bought a few things, actually, I didn't tell you, they took the phones, they're sitting with tell you, they took the phones, they're sitting with tell you, they took the phones, they're sitting with us, they're preparing for the sale, all the boutiques, now they've all pulled out the sale, it's obvious, it's obvious, the dress like that that they us, they're preparing for the sale, all the boutiques, now they've all pulled out the sale, it's obvious, it's obvious, the dress like that that they put here is for the sale, and I bought everything, put here is for the sale, and I bought everything, put here is for the sale, and I bought everything, actually, a pair of pieces, and it seems to me actually, a pair of pieces, and it seems to me actually, a pair of pieces, and it seems to me Hasila is the vases I Hasila is the vases I Hasila is the vases I bought that are supposed to be on sale now. You can get a bought that are supposed to be on sale now. You can get a bought that are supposed to be on sale now. You can get a concept, a thousand, and then when you go to the checkout, you can pay for them at the sale concept, a thousand, and then when you go to the checkout, you can pay for them at the sale concept, a thousand, and then when you go to the checkout, you can pay for them at the sale price. But they only take price. But they only take price. But they only take space, and it bothers them space, and it bothers them space, and it bothers them in the system. You can't take anything in the system. You can't take anything in the system. You can't take anything from now on. It's a problem. I don't have space, so I paid the from now on. It's a problem. I don't have space, so I paid the from now on. It's a problem. I don't have space, so I paid the full price full price full price [laughs]. The [laughs]. The [laughs]. The original price is easy to change because you know original price is easy to change because you know original price is easy to change because you know you're the one who's going to be worshipping the sale for the next five days. But generally, it's obligatory you're the one who's going to be worshipping the sale for the next five days. But generally, it's obligatory you're the one who's going to be worshipping the sale for the next five days. But generally, it's obligatory because I don't have because I don't have because I don't have space, which means... ugh, I hate sales, I don't like them. Especially in boutiques, I can just take a look around and go somewhere, space, which means... ugh, I hate sales, I don't like them. Especially in boutiques, I can just take a look around and go somewhere, but in boutiques, it's impossible. You feel like the but in boutiques, it's impossible. You feel like the but in boutiques, it's impossible. You feel like the world is gloomy and overstimulated, and there are a lot of people pushing world is gloomy and overstimulated, and there are a lot of people pushing world is gloomy and overstimulated, and there are a lot of people pushing each other and you can't find the latest models. They really pull my... I'm really bothered. each other and you can't find the latest models. They really pull my... I'm really bothered. each other and you can't find the latest models. They really pull my... I'm really bothered. How do they pull them? I'm so confused How do they pull them? I'm so confused How do they pull them? I'm so confused because I'm not in the mood right now.  I'm going to buy things for because I'm not in the mood right now.  I'm going to buy things for because I'm not in the mood right now.  I'm going to buy things for winter, and I know I'll find them winter, and I know I'll find them winter, and I know I'll find them in the winter. I know I can't afford them in the in the winter. I know I can't afford them in the in the winter. I know I can't afford them in the winter, and I know I can't afford them. I know I'm not in the mood to buy winter, and I know I can't afford them. I know I'm not in the mood to buy winter, and I know I can't afford them. I know I'm not in the mood to buy things. I know I don't things. I know I don't things. I know I don't like to wait. [Sigh] The like to wait. [Sigh] The like to wait. [Sigh] The mall is empty. It's been an hour now, and I mall is empty. It's been an hour now, and I mall is empty. It's been an hour now, and I still don't know what to do. I'm going to fix my still don't know what to do. I'm going to fix my still don't know what to do. I'm going to fix my hair. I hair. I hair. I told you I can't do it told you I can't do it without it. It's not bad to fix it. I can go for a swim. I know I feel like it's a good idea. It's really good. It's ... without it. It's not bad to fix it. I can go for a swim. I know I feel like it's a good idea. It's really good. It's ... without it. It's not bad to fix it. I can go for a swim. I know I feel like it's a good idea. It's really good. It's ... I liked these, we'll go even if it's not summer. I felt like I knew, I liked these, we'll go even if it's not summer. I felt like I knew, I liked these, we'll go even if it's not summer. I felt like I knew, you know, this is a cocoa and everything is so cute, you know, this is a cocoa and everything is so cute, you know, this is a cocoa and everything is so cute, even with what I'm wearing. Now they come and I took these, a set of clothes for even with what I'm wearing. Now they come and I took these, a set of clothes for even with what I'm wearing. Now they come and I took these, a set of clothes for washing, meaning I like to wear things like this. I'm going to the washing, meaning I like to wear things like this. I'm going to the boutique, all the shops are big and spacious. I love it, boutique, all the shops are big and spacious. I love it, boutique, all the shops are big and spacious. I love it, tell me, how are the blow-dries? I love this, really, it's easy for me. I feel like I have tell me, how are the blow-dries? I love this, really, it's easy for me. I feel like I have a lot of hair. I knew I was living in the a lot of hair. I knew I was living in the a lot of hair. I knew I was living in the blackout, or I mean, I shower and leave it dry, I wash it, blackout, or I mean, I shower and leave it dry, I wash it, blackout, or I mean, I shower and leave it dry, I wash it, but I liked it, it's not normal, but my eyes are on the back of my head because of this blow-drying. but I liked it, it's not normal, but my eyes are on the back of my head because of this blow-drying. but I liked it, it's not normal, but my eyes are on the back of my head because of this blow-drying. Imagine, it made my head spin and it's still spin, and the Imagine, it made my head spin and it's still spin, and the Imagine, it made my head spin and it's still spin, and the light goes out, it's been about light goes out, it's been about light goes out, it's been about 45 minutes. I'm like this, and I'm doing this, I'm not waiting to 45 minutes. I'm like this, and I'm doing this, I'm not waiting to 45 minutes. I'm like this, and I'm doing this, I'm not waiting to go out, I mean, go out, I mean, go out, I mean, but it's luxurious, so I don't know if the salons  In but it's luxurious, so I don't know if the salons  In but it's luxurious, so I don't know if the salons  In Sousse, they're expensive, and Gestalon, which I went to, charged Sousse, they're expensive, and Gestalon, which I went to, charged Sousse, they're expensive, and Gestalon, which I went to, charged 25 dinars. 25 dinars. 25 dinars. When I left, she kept telling me, "Brother, two haircuts for When I left, she kept telling me, "Brother, two haircuts for When I left, she kept telling me, "Brother, two haircuts for 25,000? I don't 25,000? I don't 25,000? I don't know, with my hair, I pull it. In Tunis, I know, with my hair, I pull it. In Tunis, I know, with my hair, I pull it. In Tunis, I pull my hair for 15 or 16 dinars, if it's a big deal, and it's a lot of pull my hair for 15 or 16 dinars, if it's a big deal, and it's a lot of pull my hair for 15 or 16 dinars, if it's a big deal, and it's a lot of washing and styling. But 25 washing and styling. But 25 washing and styling. But 25 dinars? Okay, of course, we have dinars? Okay, of course, we have dinars? Okay, of course, we have inflation in size here in Sousse, or I just went there inflation in size here in Sousse, or I just went there inflation in size here in Sousse, or I just went there because it was 25. I wanted to be honest, tomorrow we're not going swimming. I'm going to Kelibia, to the wanted to be honest, tomorrow we're not going swimming. I'm going to Kelibia, to the wanted to be honest, tomorrow we're not going swimming. I'm going to Kelibia, to the sea. Kelibia, Kelibia, hold on to Kelibia. I haven't been there for two sea. Kelibia, Kelibia, hold on to Kelibia. I haven't been there for two years, and its sea is one of the best years, and its sea is one of the best years, and its sea is one of the best in Tunisia. The best sea in Tunisia, not just one of the in Tunisia. The best sea in Tunisia, not just one of the in Tunisia. The best sea in Tunisia, not just one of the best in Tunisia, seriously. So I best in Tunisia, seriously. So I best in Tunisia, seriously. So I have to be careful all the time so its softness is ruined. It's not a have to be careful all the time so its softness is ruined. It's not a have to be careful all the time so its softness is ruined. It's not a problem, I'll solve it. I'm going home now and I haven't made a problem, I'll solve it. I'm going home now and I haven't made a problem, I'll solve it. I'm going home now and I haven't made a couscous dish. Believe me, I've been eating dinner since this morning. couscous dish. Believe me, I've been eating dinner since this morning. couscous dish. Believe me, I've been eating dinner since this morning. I haven't even put tea in the...  My mouth is swollen with I haven't even put tea in the...  My mouth is swollen with I haven't even put tea in the...  My mouth is swollen with hunger, I did hunger, I did hunger, I did n't delay the cupping session, and I told you what n't delay the cupping session, and I told you what n't delay the cupping session, and I told you what you said. I cooked couscous, so without you eating it, you said. I cooked couscous, so without you eating it, you said. I cooked couscous, so without you eating it, I'm going to give her a plate of couscous, I'm going to give her a plate of couscous, I'm going to give her a plate of couscous, then we'll go to the beach, or I don't know what then we'll go to the beach, or I don't know what then we'll go to the beach, or I don't know what the program is. This Friday, the house of debauchery, we live the program is. This Friday, the house of debauchery, we live the program is. This Friday, the house of debauchery, we live without a program. I know whoever comes is welcome, whatever happens, without a program. I know whoever comes is welcome, whatever happens, without a program. I know whoever comes is welcome, whatever happens, happens. I told you about us on the wedding night, happens. I told you about us on the wedding night, happens. I told you about us on the wedding night, and that's it. Anyway, here's the set of my clothes, I and that's it. Anyway, here's the set of my clothes, I and that's it. Anyway, here's the set of my clothes, I bought them earlier, I really liked them. You know, there's bought them earlier, I really liked them. You know, there's bought them earlier, I really liked them. You know, there's another set I liked, maybe I'll go back and wear it on the another set I liked, maybe I'll go back and wear it on the another set I liked, maybe I'll go back and wear it on the other hand, but I liked it like this. The selection is cute. I other hand, but I liked it like this. The selection is cute. I other hand, but I liked it like this. The selection is cute. I took off my hair because I washed it like this. took off my hair because I washed it like this. The potatoes and the sfennel came out. Do you like sfennel? The potatoes and the sfennel came out. Do you like sfennel? The potatoes and the sfennel came out. Do you like sfennel? No, I like a little couscous, a small spoonful. I like the sauce, and I'll go back and I like the sauce, and I'll go back and I like the sauce, and I'll go back and take the cornea. Everyone has a sick person. The house of debauchery, honestly, the house of debauchery, honestly, the house of debauchery, honestly, the strongest couscous combo is the beautiful one, the one with the split mouth. Officially, oh God, give you health, give you health Officially, oh God, give you health, give you health Officially, oh God, give you health, give you health [applause]. [applause]. [applause]. Always kind to us, as a Always kind to us, as a Always kind to us, as a surprise, let her be at ease. at ease. at ease. By the soul of Sirine, she talks with, she talks with Samira, she talks, she talks, she talks, she By the soul of Sirine, she talks with, she talks with Samira, she talks, she talks, she talks, she By the soul of Sirine, she talks with, she talks with Samira, she talks, she talks, she talks, she talks. She moved away from me, that her mother talks. She moved away from me, that her mother talks. She moved away from me, that her mother finished talking with us finished talking with us finished talking with us [laughter] [ laughter]. My brother, I don't want to go out, let's take laughter]. My brother, I don't want to go out, let's take laughter]. My brother, I don't want to go out, let's take you for a walk in the place where we are, you for a walk in the place where we are, you for a walk in the place where we are, let me show you the atmosphere as soon as you leave the house [singing]. What a beautiful [singing]. What a beautiful [singing]. What a beautiful sea, how beautiful it is. Let's go down with you, you won't go down, you'll find yourself sea, how beautiful it is. Let's go down with you, you won't go down, you'll find yourself in the sea. Oh, how beautiful, let's take a walk, you'll go in the sea. Oh, how beautiful, let's take a walk, you'll go down to that sea, you won't come up there, you'll be down to that sea, you won't come up there, you'll be down to that sea, you won't come up there, you'll be following the place where we are. Let's following the place where we are. Let's take you for a walk like this, here a little bit, how many of you know it? The place is called Diar El Bahr in El Kantaoui and Riabel, because it's long, meaning on the sea, and there I'll walk for a few minutes, like a mile. It's like this in take you for a walk like this, here a little bit, how many of you know it? The place is called Diar El Bahr in El Kantaoui and Riabel, because it's long, meaning on the sea, and there I'll walk for a few minutes, like a mile. It's like this in take you for a walk like this, here a little bit, how many of you know it? The place is called Diar El Bahr in El Kantaoui and Riabel, because it's long, meaning on the sea, and there I'll walk for a few minutes, like a mile. It's like this in the morning, you wake up, you know, you smell the sea and even the morning, you wake up, you know, you smell the sea and even the morning, you wake up, you know, you smell the sea and even At night, visit Maziana, how many of you? I'll show you how beautiful it is. At night, visit Maziana, how many of you? I'll show you how beautiful it is. At night, visit Maziana, how many of you? I'll show you how beautiful it is. Follow the follower, meaning the Diarma. We have a lot of things to do. You can Follow the follower, meaning the Diarma. We have a lot of things to do. You can Follow the follower, meaning the Diarma. We have a lot of things to do. You can swim, but there's no good in the swim, but there's no good in the swim, but there's no good in the sea. sea. sea. Listen, Kanuni, be quiet. I know people are listening to Listen, Kanuni, be quiet. I know people are listening to Listen, Kanuni, be quiet. I know people are listening to [snoring sounds]. [snoring sounds]. [snoring sounds]. Look how beautiful the sun is! I love it, nice. Look how beautiful the sun is! I love it, nice. The pool is finished. Keep going like this so you can find it. And from here, I'll take you to The pool is finished. Keep going like this so you can find it. And from here, I'll take you to the port. It's the port. It's the port. It's going like this. A lot of distance to the beach. This is the closest going like this. A lot of distance to the beach. This is the closest going like this. A lot of distance to the beach. This is the closest one. How beautiful, how beautiful, how beautiful, how beautiful the sun is! Ah, regarding the fact that we're going to sleep, the regarding the fact that we're going to sleep, the regarding the fact that we're going to sleep, the world is world is world is full of tourists, God willing. Look, even there I can't go back home. Listen, when we come, I say I want to wake up for the sunrise. Listen, when we come, I say I want to wake up for the sunrise. Listen, when we come, I say I want to wake up for the sunrise. I want to be ready for the sunrise at the I want to be ready for the sunrise at the I want to be ready for the sunrise at the sea. Here, God didn't make it easy, but tomorrow I have to sea. Here, God didn't make it easy, but tomorrow I have to sea. Here, God didn't make it easy, but tomorrow I have to wake up on my own two feet. I have to be ready for the sunrise. Yesterday, we were going to wake up. wake up on my own two feet. I have to be ready for the sunrise. Yesterday, we were going to wake up. Today we came home late from the wedding. We only slept at Today we came home late from the wedding. We only slept at Today we came home late from the wedding. We only slept at four.  Good morning, after we woke up, it's better four.  Good morning, after we woke up, it's better four.  Good morning, after we woke up, it's better today. Today I don't want to wake up. Look, it's nice like this. It really affects me. Peace, today. Today I don't want to wake up. Look, it's nice like this. It really affects me. Peace, today. Today I don't want to wake up. Look, it's nice like this. It really affects me. Peace, I know here, really peace, peace I know here, really peace, peace I know here, really peace, peace and the night. [Snoring sounds] and the night. [Snoring sounds] and the night. [Snoring sounds] Did you like it? How beautiful it is! Did you like it? How beautiful it is! Did you like it? How beautiful it is! Kill it, how beautiful it is! We Kill it, how beautiful it is! We Kill it, how beautiful it is! We went out again to do a walk. went out again to do a walk. went out again to do a walk. We were sitting at home before. We were sitting at home before. We were sitting at home before. Look at the sunshine, how beautiful it is! I'm a Look at the sunshine, how beautiful it is! I'm a Look at the sunshine, how beautiful it is! I'm a little hungry, I want something to eat. I ca little hungry, I want something to eat. I ca little hungry, I want something to eat. I ca n't believe it, the sunshine is really beautiful. It's so beautiful. Anyway, I'm n't believe it, the sunshine is really beautiful. It's so beautiful. Anyway, I'm n't believe it, the sunshine is really beautiful. It's so beautiful. Anyway, I'm watching Odyssey because I could watching Odyssey because I could watching Odyssey because I could n't find Spider-Man. I'm n't find Spider-Man. I'm n't find Spider-Man. I'm watching it. I memorized the movie, but don't worry, I've memorized the movie, but don't worry, I've memorized the movie, but don't worry, I've watched it 200,000 times. That's how watched it 200,000 times. That's how watched it 200,000 times. That's how I explain it to them. I know, the sunshine starts and I explain it to them. I know, the sunshine starts and I explain it to them. I know, the sunshine starts and ends. It's past an hour, and now, now, the ends. It's past an hour, and now, now, the ends. It's past an hour, and now, now, the Maghrib prayer is still being called. Maghrib prayer is still being called. Maghrib prayer is still being called. Even in the evening, it's easy. The sunshine is beautiful, it's a Even in the evening, it's easy. The sunshine is beautiful, it's a Even in the evening, it's easy. The sunshine is beautiful, it's a little full. The world is full, God willing. Oh, my God, I'm going to get a bomb.  Shuhwa, on the way, why, why, why, why, why, why, pull me like that, maybe pull me like that, maybe pull me like that, maybe [music] On the way, let's the way, let's the way, let's go out, my back is showing [music] We're thinking, thinking, let's go out, go out, my back is showing [music] We're thinking, thinking, let's go out, I'm a little girl, or the others, listen, let's see I'm a little girl, or the others, listen, let's see I'm a little girl, or the others, listen, let's see what she's doing, how she's going out, and we'll see what they're doing, what she's doing, how she's going out, and we'll see what they're doing, what she's doing, how she's going out, and we'll see what they're doing, that one, did you see her, the one who's going out, upside down, I that one, did you see her, the one who's going out, upside down, I don't want to zoom, don't want to zoom, don't want to zoom, we'll die, really, we'll die, Ayoub, Ayoub, Ayoub, or Sally, or Sally, or Sally, fill my hair, how are you, or Sally, something [singing][music] [singing][music] [singing][music] In an hour, we mixed, so tired, my In an hour, we mixed, so tired, my In an hour, we mixed, so tired, my eyes are tired, I'm sleeping, the truth is, I wake up, I'm still sleeping, I'm still sleeping, and I'll wake up and go back to truth is, I wake up, I'm still sleeping, I'm still sleeping, and I'll wake up and go back to truth is, I wake up, I'm still sleeping, I'm still sleeping, and I'll wake up and go back to sleeping, because tomorrow I'm going to the heart, it eats, I sleeping, because tomorrow I'm going to the heart, it eats, I sleeping, because tomorrow I'm going to the heart, it eats, I have to get up in the morning, for have to get up in the morning, for have to get up in the morning, for the clothes, and everything, I don't know, really, I don't know, should I the clothes, and everything, I don't know, really, I don't know, should I the clothes, and everything, I don't know, really, I don't know, should I wake up, go back to sleeping, or not wake up, and let's leave wake up, go back to sleeping, or not wake up, and let's leave wake up, go back to sleeping, or not wake up, and let's leave another day when I come back from Libya, really, another day when I come back from Libya, really, another day when I come back from Libya, really, here, because it's too much, too much, here, because it's too much, too much, here, because it's too much, too much, the movie is beautiful, as usual  I watched it for the third time, and it was so loud it was like, "We the movie is beautiful, as usual  I watched it for the third time, and it was so loud it was like, "We the movie is beautiful, as usual  I watched it for the third time, and it was so loud it was like, "We hear something called ' Fouala.'" I turned on the camera to tell you, "Boni Devisel, I didn't get up at the end for the sunrise. I'm Devisel, I didn't get up at the end for the sunrise. I'm Devisel, I didn't get up at the end for the sunrise. I'm going from Kelibia, trying because I'll be staying two going from Kelibia, trying because I'll be staying two going from Kelibia, trying because I'll be staying two nights in Sousse. I have to, I have to wake up because I've been waiting nights in Sousse. I have to, I have to wake up because I've been waiting nights in Sousse. I have to, I have to wake up because I've been waiting for your sunrise since the beginning, and God didn't make it easy for me to wake up. I've done my part, and for your sunrise since the beginning, and God didn't make it easy for me to wake up. I've done my part, and I showed you the last vlog, which says 'Tunis I showed you the last vlog, which says 'Tunis I showed you the last vlog, which says 'Tunis Clean' Clean' Clean' from Yasmine. I'll be with him, wearing a white bag, so we can go to El Hawaria. We're suspicious of the two houses and from Yasmine. I'll be with him, wearing a white bag, so we can go to El Hawaria. We're suspicious of the two houses and from Yasmine. I'll be with him, wearing a white bag, so we can go to El Hawaria. We're suspicious of the two houses and half of something like that. After that, we'll half of something like that. After that, we'll half of something like that. After that, we'll go to El go to El go to El Foulia and Foulia and Foulia and half of something. We're not going straight to El Hawaria, we'll go to half of something. We're not going straight to El Hawaria, we'll go to half of something. We're not going straight to El Hawaria, we'll go to the event. Excited, if you've never the event. Excited, if you've never the event. Excited, if you've never heard of it, this is always in heard of it, this is always in heard of it, this is always in Kelibia Kelibia Kelibia with with with Senbi for 10 years, something like that. So, it 10 years, something like that. So, it 10 years, something like that. So, it means a competition, a gift, a lot of fun, and means a competition, a gift, a lot of fun, and means a competition, a gift, a lot of fun, and Fouala, that's the program for today and tomorrow. Fouala, that's the program for today and tomorrow. Fouala, that's the program for today and tomorrow. The truth is, I want to go to the beach, I want to have fun."  I'm afraid of The truth is, I want to go to the beach, I want to have fun."  I'm afraid of The truth is, I want to go to the beach, I want to have fun."  I'm afraid of burning down Libya, the beautiful one. I love to go to the sunrise. burning down Libya, the beautiful one. I love to go to the sunrise. burning down Libya, the beautiful one. I love to go to the sunrise. My love, my love, my love, the sunrise! So, the truth is, My love, my love, my love, the sunrise! So, the truth is, My love, my love, my love, the sunrise! So, the truth is, today I didn't go down to the sea, but I'm going down here to talk to you today I didn't go down to the sea, but I'm going down here to talk to you today I didn't go down to the sea, but I'm going down here to talk to you for a bit. I changed my clothes, for a bit. I changed my clothes, for a bit. I changed my clothes, put coffee on them, and put coffee on them, and put coffee on them, and took a breath. We finally arrived after three hours. arrived after three hours. arrived after three hours. Listen, seriously, it's not normal. Be patient Listen, seriously, it's not normal. Be patient Listen, seriously, it's not normal. Be patient with me, maximum. Imagine, I got from the with me, maximum. Imagine, I got from the with me, maximum. Imagine, I got from the air conditioner and it's going to come back again. Imagine, this is the best. Seriously, it was a bit air conditioner and it's going to come back again. Imagine, this is the best. Seriously, it was a bit air conditioner and it's going to come back again. Imagine, this is the best. Seriously, it was a bit tiring. I knew it was tiring. I knew it was tiring. I knew it was three hours and a bit of a bad one, but it's okay. We three hours and a bit of a bad one, but it's okay. We three hours and a bit of a bad one, but it's okay. We arrived at the Maison. It was a bit rough, but arrived at the Maison. It was a bit rough, but arrived at the Maison. It was a bit rough, but I was stuck. The map gave us the wrong route, and we could have taken a I was stuck. The map gave us the wrong route, and we could have taken a I was stuck. The map gave us the wrong route, and we could have taken a better route. better route. better route. Room Tours is my room for tonight, which Room Tours is my room for tonight, which Room Tours is my room for tonight, which is tonight. Let me show you. This is the Maison. You enter from here. This is my beach. This is the Maison. You enter from here. This is my beach. This is the Maison. You enter from here. This is my beach. I loved the house, it's big and has a lot of furniture. I loved the house, it's big and has a lot of furniture. I loved the house, it's big and has a lot of furniture. I knew I'd start with the house. So, I knew I'd start with the house. So, I knew I'd start with the house. So, on your left, you'll see this door. You go in, and I really liked the vibe of the house. on your left, you'll see this door. You go in, and I really liked the vibe of the house. It's Tunisian style. This is the furniture. Here we have a special It's Tunisian style. This is the furniture. Here we have a special It's Tunisian style. This is the furniture. Here we have a special wardrobe. Then we turn around. Here we have wardrobe. Then we turn around. Here we have this table. They made it small like this. Look at the details, how this table. They made it small like this. Look at the details, how this table. They made it small like this. Look at the details, how beautiful they are! My window opens like this. Where we were, the car was like this. From here, beautiful they are! My window opens like this. Where we were, the car was like this. From here, beautiful they are! My window opens like this. Where we were, the car was like this. From here, I went in. Here we have this vase. She put it I went in. Here we have this vase. She put it I went in. Here we have this vase. She put it on a suitcase. This is what it's sitting on. This is the on a suitcase. This is what it's sitting on. This is the on a suitcase. This is what it's sitting on. This is the furniture. I won't say it's a porter, it doesn't furniture. I won't say it's a porter, it doesn't furniture. I won't say it's a porter, it doesn't open onto the house. open onto the house. open onto the house. I'll show you. It's very, very, very nice. Now, I'll show you. It's very, very, very nice. Now, I'll show you. It's very, very, very nice. Now, back to the house. Here we have back to the house. Here we have back to the house. Here we have Judy. Judy. Judy. Oh, thank God. It's almost dripping. This is the log. These are the two that I have. Oh, thank God. It's almost dripping. This is the log. These are the two that I have. You know, I'll tell you about it. And You know, I'll tell you about it. And You know, I'll tell you about it. And this is the one that I have. I'm going to sleep. this is the one that I have. I'm going to sleep. this is the one that I have. I'm going to sleep. That's That's That's before you use it, Yasser, Yasser, it's beautiful, and we have this, and we have a lot of things. We have a lot of things. I before you use it, Yasser, Yasser, it's beautiful, and we have this, and we have a lot of things. We have a lot of things. I liked the house, I liked it, it's not normal, so I'll take you out again. It feels sweet, I liked the house, I liked it, it's not normal, so I'll take you out again. It feels sweet, I liked the house, I liked it, it's not normal, so I'll take you out again. It feels sweet, I knew it wasn't a house here, there's a lot of things. You can knew it wasn't a house here, there's a lot of things. You can remove the spot, I knew this is a bonus mini remove the spot, I knew this is a bonus mini remove the spot, I knew this is a bonus mini refrigerator in my dépot. refrigerator in my dépot. refrigerator in my dépot. I liked this vase, I liked the seating, this is very beautiful. I liked this vase, I liked the seating, this is very beautiful. I liked this vase, I liked the seating, this is very beautiful. Look, and here we have a little outfit, chic. Look, and here we have a little outfit, chic. Look, and here we have a little outfit, chic. This is the apron that I told you I changed because it spilled This is the apron that I told you I changed because it spilled This is the apron that I told you I changed because it spilled coffee on my other apron. [Snoring sounds] So, coffee on my other apron. [Snoring sounds] So, coffee on my other apron. [Snoring sounds] So, but this one, Yasser, I liked it. Full outfit, your horoscope today. The apron, the pants, but this one, Yasser, I liked it. Full outfit, your horoscope today. The apron, the pants, but this one, Yasser, I liked it. Full outfit, your horoscope today. The apron, the pants, even the bandana I was wearing, it was even the bandana I was wearing, it was even the bandana I was wearing, it was too tight on my head, I took it off, I liked it. too tight on my head, I took it off, I liked it. too tight on my head, I took it off, I liked it. [Snoring sounds] The apron, look at the back in the [Snoring sounds] The apron, look at the back in the [Snoring sounds] The apron, look at the back in the clip, Yasser, cute, clip, Yasser, cute, clip, Yasser, cute, the money, the outfit, Yasser, how beautiful, you the money, the outfit, Yasser, how beautiful, you the money, the outfit, Yasser, how beautiful, you know how to choose, that means know how to choose, that means know how to choose, that means the quality, how beautiful it is, and the quality, how beautiful it is, and the quality, how beautiful it is, and they are beautiful. Many people asked me about these aprons, where do I get them? Many people asked me about these aprons, where do I get them? Many people asked me about these aprons, where do I get them? Jingalmon Bershak Walazian Jingalmon Bershak Walazian Jingalmon Bershak Walazian means Fowala Shan'af Shtahm Albarah means Fowala Shan'af Shtahm Albarah Dak Na'oud Nja'd Bkum Hadh Elli Dakhalna Minhu Min Huna 'Anna Fowala Mir Shabak Min Huna Dak Na'oud Nja'd Bkum Hadh Elli Dakhalna Minhu Min Huna 'Anna Fowala Mir Shabak Min Huna Fum Dush Fowala Wa ' Fum Dush Fowala Wa ' Fum Dush Fowala Wa ' Anna A Brocket Min 'Ind Lumbol B3 Anna A Brocket Min 'Ind Lumbol B3 Anna A Brocket Min 'Ind Lumbol B3 Hadhiya Al-Kallane Biotik Wa An Jabti Al-Kabira [ Hadhiya Al-Kallane Biotik Wa An Jabti Al-Kabira [ Hadhiya Al-Kallane Biotik Wa An Jabti Al-Kabira [ snoring sounds] Wa Hadhiya snoring sounds] Wa Hadhiya snoring sounds] Wa Hadhiya Al-Jouli Physio Fama Fwayaj Tira 'ala Al-Akher Al-Jouli Physio Fama Fwayaj Tira 'ala Al-Akher Al-Jouli Physio Fama Fwayaj Tira 'ala Al-Akher Al-Faza Yasser Yasser Mahaliz Al-Haqq Nakhraj 'Amalakum Dawta Saghira Waw Tafdal Maghdi Al- Bahr Nathil Al-Darwish Basisa Nice Bahr Nathil Al-Darwish Basisa Nice Bahr Nathil Al-Darwish Basisa Nice Tahsahha Bisful Bisful Mish Normal 'Araftouni Qa'd Fi Al- Tahsahha Bisful Bisful Mish Normal 'Araftouni Qa'd Fi Al- Tahsahha Bisful Bisful Mish Normal 'Araftouni Qa'd Fi Al- Jabal Hass Nahadir Ruhi Hawaji Bash Ansh Lil-Qalibiya Khatroun Fi Qalibiya Mi 'Anna Bash Ansakn Fi Al-Hawa Dak F Dak F Dak F Ra'id Al-Ghadik Bas Hadhiya Haka Min Huna Dakhal Lil-Bayt Ra'id Al-Ghadik Bas Hadhiya Haka Min Huna Dakhal Lil-Bayt Ra'id Al-Ghadik Bas Hadhiya Haka Min Huna Dakhal Lil-Bayt Ma Halaha Nahal Vija Isma'ouni Ma 'Arefsh Kifah Ibakt Bil- Ma Halaha Nahal Vija Isma'ouni Ma 'Arefsh Kifah Ibakt Bil- Rassi Rassi Rassi [clears throat] Khali Natt Al-Mikr Mush [clears throat] Khali Natt Al-Mikr Mush [clears throat] Khali Natt Al-Mikr Mush Taqaddou  Listen, I'm going to get a Taqaddou  Listen, I'm going to get a Taqaddou  Listen, I'm going to get a solution, even if I don't bring anything. I just wanted to change clothes. clothes. clothes. A few things, I'll show you the outfit I'm going to wear from the mall. How beautiful it is, it's so How beautiful it is, it's so How beautiful it is, it's so killer, so killer, so killer! This is a really stylish killer, so killer, so killer! This is a really stylish outfit, I love them and I'm comfortable in them. It has this cute stripe thing, I like it. Now I'm going to put it on. I outfit, I love them and I'm comfortable in them. It has this cute stripe thing, I like it. Now I'm going to put it on. I read before I go out and take a few pictures. Let me get my camera and I'll take a picture read before I go out and take a few pictures. Let me get my camera and I'll take a picture in the window. Ready with me, and this is the setup here. in the window. Ready with me, and this is the setup here. in the window. Ready with me, and this is the setup here. I put myself in the window like this, as if I was going to take a picture here I put myself in the window like this, as if I was going to take a picture here I put myself in the window like this, as if I was going to take a picture here in the bathroom, but I felt the light was out, so in the bathroom, but I felt the light was out, so in the bathroom, but I felt the light was out, so I said I'd better I said I'd better I said I'd better take a picture here to make a quick impression. I'm take a picture here to make a quick impression. I'm take a picture here to make a quick impression. I'm drowning my nerves, my nerves! I'm doing a song, you know, I use this camera I'm doing a song, you know, I use this camera I'm doing a song, you know, I use this camera and I just do this and then I pull out some things. You have to repeat it a couple of times, or maybe this isn't very good. this isn't very good. this isn't very good. I brought it with me, right? It's cotton, it's not bad, it's okay. I brought it with me, right? It's cotton, it's not bad, it's okay. I brought it with me, right? It's cotton, it's not bad, it's okay. Sometimes it's okay, sometimes it's okay. Sometimes it's okay, sometimes it's okay. Sometimes it's okay, sometimes it's okay. Let's do a gift above the eye, here's the one with the Let's do a gift above the eye, here's the one with the Let's do a gift above the eye, here's the one with the eyeliner, this is 0. This is the IC Spark, eyeliner, this is 0. This is the IC Spark, eyeliner, this is 0. This is the IC Spark, it gives it good cancer, it's good, it's not bad, it's not it gives it good cancer, it's good, it's not bad, it's not it gives it good cancer, it's good, it's not bad, it's not bad at all. bad at all. bad at all. We'll add a mask, We'll add a mask, We'll add a mask, you feel like you have to do a you feel like you have to do a you feel like you have to do a mask, the look is complete. I'll finish it, I'll do it for free, mask, the look is complete. I'll finish it, I'll do it for free, mask, the look is complete. I'll finish it, I'll do it for free, and you won't believe it, it breaks my eyeliner, for free, please. It's okay, do and you won't believe it, it breaks my eyeliner, for free, please. It's okay, do n't break the bag because I put it in the suitcase and the suitcase kept getting because I put it in the suitcase and the suitcase kept getting because I put it in the suitcase and the suitcase kept getting dirty in the car. dirty in the car. dirty in the car. Seriously, don't put your makeup in the suitcase, put it Seriously, don't put your makeup in the suitcase, put it Seriously, don't put your makeup in the suitcase, put it on top of you. I brought this to you, I thought I'd carry it, but I feel it's too small, I brought this to you, I thought I'd carry it, but I feel it's too small, I brought this to you, I thought I'd carry it, but I feel it's too small, I mean, I can put anything in it, it's already in, I think, and I'll carry mean, I can put anything in it, it's already in, I think, and I'll carry the bag all the way to the end, it's not too big and it the bag all the way to the end, it's not too big and it the bag all the way to the end, it's not too big and it carries so I can carry this. It's carries so I can carry this. It's carries so I can carry this. It's small and good, and it won't carry me, Sheikh. Look, the robe is worn, Yasser is beautiful, you know the style, Look, the robe is worn, Yasser is beautiful, you know the style, Look, the robe is worn, Yasser is beautiful, you know the style, they'll tie it, the makeup is nice, I liked it, I'll do a tour for you, if you listen to it, or do a tour for you, if you listen to it, or do a tour for you, if you listen to it, or even the microphone, this is behind the scene, it even the microphone, this is behind the scene, it even the microphone, this is behind the scene, it doesn't happen in the content, everyone is doesn't happen in the content, everyone is doesn't happen in the content, everyone is filming, and here are how many are playing [ music] [music] on it, wow, 10, we have to do an update for you on what happened have to do an update for you on what happened have to do an update for you on what happened yesterday, this is my night, my life, the last thing yesterday, this is my night, my life, the last thing yesterday, this is my night, my life, the last thing I saw in the tournament, I went home, I really can't tell you, I saw in the tournament, I went home, I really can't tell you, I don't know how to fix it, I woke up in the morning, but I don't know how to fix it, I woke up in the morning, but I don't know how to fix it, I woke up in the morning, but better, what's wrong with my heart, I did something wrong, I ate something and I'm better, what's wrong with my heart, I did something wrong, I ate something and I'm better, what's wrong with my heart, I did something wrong, I ate something and I'm in Sousse, normally if this frame, you know it in the in Sousse, normally if this frame, you know it in the in Sousse, normally if this frame, you know it in the flow, with us, I'm in Sousse, I was in flow, with us, I'm in Sousse, I was in flow, with us, I'm in Sousse, I was in my heart this morning, my heart this morning, my heart this morning, and then when I came to Sousse I found the whole family and then when I came to Sousse I found the whole family and then when I came to Sousse I found the whole family gathered down by the sea, so I went with them again, I showered, I was in my heart to go out, gathered down by the sea, so I went with them again, I showered, I was in my heart to go out, gathered down by the sea, so I went with them again, I showered, I was in my heart to go out, do a tour, eat something, I feel better, normally, so do a tour, eat something, I feel better, normally, so do a tour, eat something, I feel better, normally, so I'll do an I'll do an I'll do an outfit for you, check it out outfit for you, check it out outfit for you, check it out Fortnite outfits, I like them. I Fortnite outfits, I like them. I Fortnite outfits, I like them. I know how to dress and go out. know how to dress and go out. know how to dress and go out. Today is Sunday, and forget about the vlog. I was supposed to Today is Sunday, and forget about the vlog. I was supposed to Today is Sunday, and forget about the vlog. I was supposed to upload it today, but I uploaded the footage and just started upload it today, but I uploaded the footage and just started upload it today, but I uploaded the footage and just started editing. I didn't do anything, I didn't have time. So, a editing. I didn't do anything, I didn't have time. So, a editing. I didn't do anything, I didn't have time. So, a bonus so I can continue to upload bonus so I can continue to upload bonus so I can continue to upload these days that I'm going to present in Sousse, and I don't know these days that I'm going to present in Sousse, and I don't know these days that I'm going to present in Sousse, and I don't know when we'll upload it. If you were watching, it would have been uploaded, but I'm when we'll upload it. If you were watching, it would have been uploaded, but I'm when we'll upload it. If you were watching, it would have been uploaded, but I'm not filming not filming not filming myself to upload it today. Actually, I haven't myself to upload it today. Actually, I haven't myself to upload it today. Actually, I haven't even uploaded the footage from the camera yet to start even uploaded the footage from the camera yet to start even uploaded the footage from the camera yet to start editing. And honestly, I know what I mean. I just editing. And honestly, I know what I mean. I just editing. And honestly, I know what I mean. I just want to film, but the editing doesn't work. I have want to film, but the editing doesn't work. I have want to film, but the editing doesn't work. I have yesterday's flow to upload. I did editing, it didn't yesterday's flow to upload. I did editing, it didn't yesterday's flow to upload. I did editing, it didn't stop, nothing. I know the editing is going to work, stop, nothing. I know the editing is going to work, stop, nothing. I know the editing is going to work, or how I or how I or how I start. I'm so happy about burning Libya, something that's really dizzying, start. I'm so happy about burning Libya, something that's really dizzying, start. I'm so happy about burning Libya, something that's really dizzying, not normal at all. A little bit of football, I've never seen a not normal at all. A little bit of football, I've never seen a not normal at all. A little bit of football, I've never seen a sea like this, really a sea. sea like this, really a sea. sea like this, really a sea. Burning Libya, seriously, Burning Libya, seriously, Burning Libya, seriously, seriously, the best age, the seriously, the best age, the seriously, the best age, the best age in the world, okay?  I'll shake you up with me, I'll show you how pretty honey is. Look how beautiful it is, Asmaa, or not? Gina Brosketton, I Gina Brosketton, I Gina Brosketton, I went to Sousse, I took this macaroni with a went to Sousse, I took this macaroni with a went to Sousse, I took this macaroni with a colored sauce, and this, and I see, really, this, and I see, really, this, and I see, really, more than I more than I more than I like it, I'm so tired, my head is spinning, and I'm still up, I'll show you, five and four, it's really killing me, it's so cold, I wore a swimsuit, supposedly to go to the beach, it's so cold, it's so cold, I supposedly to go to the beach, it's so cold, it's so cold, I supposedly to go to the beach, it's so cold, it's so cold, I went down, the sun is coming up a little, went down, the sun is coming up a little, went down, the sun is coming up a little, [sighs] it's killing me, it's already cold, not killing me, it's already cold, not killing me, it's already cold, not hot, it's like a glass of dough, but it's alive, you're a good one, because we made a meal, and usually when I wake up I'm good one, because we made a meal, and usually when I wake up I'm very tired, I don't go back to sleep, because it's time for the bus, very tired, I don't go back to sleep, because it's time for the bus, very tired, I don't go back to sleep, because it's time for the bus, 5:30, something like that, and I'm already tired of sleeping, I started 5:30, something like that, and I'm already tired of sleeping, I started 5:30, something like that, and I'm already tired of sleeping, I started editing, and then I grabbed the mattress, I took editing, and then I grabbed the mattress, I took editing, and then I grabbed the mattress, I took the phone, oh my, my eyes are shaking, now where are my eyes, they the phone, oh my, my eyes are shaking, now where are my eyes, they the phone, oh my, my eyes are shaking, now where are my eyes, they opened up, the sea today is so oily, it's so oily, I'll show you, but really, it's opened up, the sea today is so oily, it's so oily, I'll show you, but really, it's opened up, the sea today is so oily, it's so oily, I'll show you, but really, it's oily, what should I do?  Betty Dash oily, what should I do?  Betty Dash oily, what should I do?  Betty Dash and after we spent a day at the sea, we skied at the beach. and after we spent a day at the sea, we skied at the beach. and after we spent a day at the sea, we skied at the beach. Today is the last full day Today is the last full day Today is the last full day in Sousse because tomorrow they're coming back. Good morning, honestly. You know, we're more in Sousse than in Tunis. I honestly. You know, we're more in Sousse than in Tunis. I honestly. You know, we're more in Sousse than in Tunis. I knew that, knew that, knew that, and they were laughing, how sweet they were, and they were laughing, how sweet they were, and they were laughing, how sweet they were, even the street vendors were there with us. You start walking, and this is even the street vendors were there with us. You start walking, and this is even the street vendors were there with us. You start walking, and this is what I told you. I didn't see the vacation, I didn't see anything, so I what I told you. I didn't see the vacation, I didn't see anything, so I what I told you. I didn't see the vacation, I didn't see anything, so I knew we'd go. The best spot in Sousse is starting with the best spot in Sousse is starting with the best spot in Sousse is starting with the host. host. host. Seriously, there's Seriously, there's Seriously, there's not much for you. We'll have brunch with them. It's a cafe, but you're in Sousse. Don't you want to with them. It's a cafe, but you're in Sousse. Don't you want to with them. It's a cafe, but you're in Sousse. Don't you want to try this? It's a harissa and a crepe with ham. This is sugar, and these are the ones we served This is sugar, and these are the ones we served This is sugar, and these are the ones we served with bread. We took them and that's it. We were confused about what to with bread. We took them and that's it. We were confused about what to with bread. We took them and that's it. We were confused about what to take in the water, so we said we'll come back take in the water, so we said we'll come back take in the water, so we said we'll come back tomorrow and try other things. I knew it was a great tomorrow and try other things. I knew it was a great tomorrow and try other things. I knew it was a great option. option. option. Fowala, let's start filling my plate, the effort is great, the effort is great, the effort is great, we made a mess. Guten Tag.  It's all gone Guten Tag.  It's all gone Guten Tag.  It's all gone . . . J Mbeen, oh J Mbeen, oh J Mbeen, oh Madam, Madam, Madam, oh, forgive us, forgive us, oh, forgive us, forgive us, oh, forgive us, forgive us, forgive us. You, no, no, it's forgive us. You, no, no, it's forgive us. You, no, no, it's not closed. There's nothing wrong with you. The sea is so beautiful today, truly, it's bursting. Nasha, Ayalo, Shadish [laughs]. [laughs]. [laughs]. I started. We got out of the sea, showered, got dressed, and I started. We got out of the sea, showered, got dressed, and I started. We got out of the sea, showered, got dressed, and went to the went to the went to the car park. The last two days, so he wants to do a car park. The last two days, so he wants to do a car park. The last two days, so he wants to do a tour. You know it, God willing, it's packed, packed, packed. The time is six o'clock. It was The time is six o'clock. It was The time is six o'clock. It was 6 o'clock, seven o'clock, seven o'clock. And the 6 o'clock, seven o'clock, seven o'clock. And the 6 o'clock, seven o'clock, seven o'clock. And the sun set, and the sun set, and the sun set, and the sun set, and everyone was out. It's just sun set, and everyone was out. It's just sun set, and everyone was out. It's just morning. The truth is, we put this. I want to do a tour. I haven't been to the city in Sousse for a long time. By God, it's morning. The truth is, we put this. I want to do a tour. I haven't been to the city in Sousse for a long time. By God, it's alive. I said they close at night. alive. I said they close at night. alive. I said they close at night. Why logically don't they close? Let's Why logically don't they close? Let's Why logically don't they close? Let's call Iskandar. See where he is. I'll call Iskandar. See where he is. I'll call Iskandar. See where he is. I'll do a tour with you in the city of Sousse. For those who do do a tour with you in the city of Sousse. For those who do do a tour with you in the city of Sousse. For those who do n't know Sousse, this is Sula Shopping Center. J To n't know Sousse, this is Sula Shopping Center. J To n't know Sousse, this is Sula Shopping Center. J To Ski, may God give you health. To Ski, this is Souf, and you'll find them Ski, may God give you health. To Ski, this is Souf, and you'll find them Ski, may God give you health. To Ski, this is Souf, and you'll find them here. Where is she? Oh, her Where is she? Oh, her Where is she? Oh, her hand is hand is hand is laser. laser. laser. By God, they have everything, anything.  Imagine it in By God, they have everything, anything.  Imagine it in By God, they have everything, anything.  Imagine it in a mkhks, a jaw, a jaw like that, and the sixth floor, a mkhks, a jaw, a jaw like that, and the sixth floor, a mkhks, a jaw, a jaw like that, and the sixth floor, coffee, and by coffee, and by coffee, and by God, you keep going up, up, up, it doesn't satisfy me. You buy a monkey, the You buy a monkey, the You buy a monkey, the village has 200, they all worked on it, the they all worked on it, the they all worked on it, the magnets, and everything is so cute, magnets, and everything is so cute, this is beautiful. I didn't understand why, meaning when we buy this is beautiful. I didn't understand why, meaning when we buy this is beautiful. I didn't understand why, meaning when we buy the country or something, we buy magnets for the country, meaning a magnet for the country or something, we buy magnets for the country, meaning a magnet for the country or something, we buy magnets for the country, meaning a magnet for Tunisia, Mazan, oh Pepsi, Upper Egypt, allof, for the blue, cute, Zamin, I'm focusing, like this, I don't focusing, like this, I don't focusing, like this, I don't understand, what's wrong with balloons, darbuka, the darbuka, the darbuka, the Tosquifahat, I knew those who like to buy the fahat, Tosquifahat, I knew those who like to buy the fahat, Tosquifahat, I knew those who like to buy the fahat, harissa, black harissa, black harissa, black pepper, ras el hanout, ras el hanout, what's pepper, ras el hanout, ras el hanout, what's the deal, the deal, the deal, hanout hanout hanout or halqum, this is my uncle's son, I ate it in my life, delicious, delicious, or halqum, this is my uncle's son, I ate it in my life, delicious, delicious, or halqum, this is my uncle's son, I ate it in my life, delicious, delicious, not normal, but even in the Qantawi, there are some that are more delicious than not normal, but even in the Qantawi, there are some that are more delicious than not normal, but even in the Qantawi, there are some that are more delicious than others, we have one, others, we have one, others, we have one, what did you know before you go, you come here, you buy what did you know before you go, you come here, you buy what did you know before you go, you come here, you buy everything, there are sweets, bakliwa, sweets, bakliwa, sweets, bakliwa, everything [laughs], everything [laughs], everything [laughs], seriously, everything, as I take in the morning, I can't seriously, everything, as I take in the morning, I can't seriously, everything, as I take in the morning, I can't show you everything, what  This show you everything, what  This show you everything, what  This Wilcon, this Wilcon, this Wilcon, this Wilcon, this Coco, Wilcon, this Coco, Wilcon, this Coco, by God, we bought a Donkey King Face Cream. What is this? By God, what is Visagen Cream? And this is with camel What is this? By God, what is Visagen Cream? And this is with camel What is this? By God, what is Visagen Cream? And this is with camel milk, and it has milk, and it has Cristiano Donkey Milk. Donkey Milk. Donkey Milk. This is magic, we don't know how we drive home and our offer is to make burgers, my drive home and our offer is to make burgers, my drive home and our offer is to make burgers, my brother. We came to try it, it's delicious, not normal. I'll show you how to bake the brother. We came to try it, it's delicious, not normal. I'll show you how to bake the brother. We came to try it, it's delicious, not normal. I'll show you how to bake the Baghioushi bread. Baghioushi bread. Baghioushi bread. Come on, let's do a lot of Come on, let's do a lot of Come on, let's do a lot of spot food in the sofa. Come choose. Let's spot food in the sofa. Come choose. Let's spot food in the sofa. Come choose. Let's start making a burger in the Smash Burger. We have the start making a burger in the Smash Burger. We have the start making a burger in the Smash Burger. We have the meat, Smash, what is it called? I won't forget meat, Smash, what is it called? I won't forget meat, Smash, what is it called? I won't forget its name is Beef and Panzel. We made it easy for them. its name is Beef and Panzel. We made it easy for them. its name is Beef and Panzel. We made it easy for them. We wanted to have a burger. Another one is called We wanted to have a burger. Another one is called We wanted to have a burger. Another one is called Pickles. It's closed, by God, with luck on the others. We don't know. We went back to the shop. I brought you to it once to eat with the We went back to the shop. I brought you to it once to eat with the We went back to the shop. I brought you to it once to eat with the baghioushi. baghioushi. baghioushi. So what do you want to understand what you said understand what you said understand what you said the original? We are at the sea. Okay, sea. Okay, sea. Okay, today I'll today I'll today I'll show you. Your return is strong. I love you. My condition, I washed my face. It went down. strong. I love you. My condition, I washed my face. It went down. strong. I love you. My condition, I washed my face. It went down. The sun hasn't come out yet. The sun hasn't come out yet. The sun hasn't come out yet. Love, the factory covered yesterday, by God, it covered.  Sandraris is one of the Love, the factory covered yesterday, by God, it covered.  Sandraris is one of the Love, the factory covered yesterday, by God, it covered.  Sandraris is one of the best people I've ever known. best people I've ever known. best people I've ever known. You, Yasser, I feel so peaceful. I knew you were so beautiful, You, Yasser, I feel so peaceful. I knew you were so beautiful, and God willing, the silly one is always guarding me, and God willing, the silly one is always guarding me, and God willing, the silly one is always guarding me, his head is full. Oh, how I his head is full. Oh, how I his head is full. Oh, how I knew you yesterday, yesterday when I knew you yesterday, yesterday when I knew you yesterday, yesterday when I came and sat down, meaning we were taking pictures until came and sat down, meaning we were taking pictures until came and sat down, meaning we were taking pictures until the sun came out. Every day I have a photoshoot, I have pictures. I love the truth, the the sun came out. Every day I have a photoshoot, I have pictures. I love the truth, the the sun came out. Every day I have a photoshoot, I have pictures. I love the truth, the atmosphere is amazing. Why are you so nice? And the medium in atmosphere is amazing. Why are you so nice? And the medium in atmosphere is amazing. Why are you so nice? And the medium in our photos, not two hours, not two our photos, not two hours, not two our photos, not two hours, not two hours, two and a half outings. We came out of the sea, we slept, my kitchen. I went out and walked hours, two and a half outings. We came out of the sea, we slept, my kitchen. I went out and walked hours, two and a half outings. We came out of the sea, we slept, my kitchen. I went out and walked in the morning, I was going to go, like, just feel, in the morning, I was going to go, like, just feel, I'll show you one last time because of the camera, I'll show you one last time because of the camera, I'll show you one last time because of the camera, I'll take a little bit, the sea is on a little bit, the sea is on a little bit, the sea is on fire, fire, fire, and there's a small fire in you, you know, that's the one with the big eyes. As and there's a small fire in you, you know, that's the one with the big eyes. As and there's a small fire in you, you know, that's the one with the big eyes. As for the oil, officially, oil, I'll start with you one for the oil, officially, oil, I'll start with you one for the oil, officially, oil, I'll start with you one last time, even with you, half an hour and a half, now it's been an last time, even with you, half an hour and a half, now it's been an last time, even with you, half an hour and a half, now it's been an hour and a half since I went home and slept. hour and a half since I went home and slept. hour and a half since I went home and slept. Actually, I woke up around ten o'clock, something like that, Actually, I woke up around ten o'clock, something like that, Actually, I woke up around ten o'clock, something like that, I took a shower, everything, I gathered the clothes and everything, and I took a shower, everything, I gathered the clothes and everything, and I took a shower, everything, I gathered the clothes and everything, and we left the house. I came to eat something.  And we still haven't had we left the house. I came to eat something.  And we still haven't had we left the house. I came to eat something.  And we still haven't had breakfast yet, so we decided to have brunch. breakfast yet, so we decided to have brunch. breakfast yet, so we decided to have brunch. We're back, so first, because yesterday we liked a We're back, so first, because yesterday we liked a We're back, so first, because yesterday we liked a lot of things in the menu, but we couldn't try lot of things in the menu, but we couldn't try lot of things in the menu, but we couldn't try anything new. We were going to decide what the anything new. We were going to decide what the anything new. We were going to decide what the new thing would be, but we could new thing would be, but we could new thing would be, but we could n't decide. So we just had the same brunch as n't decide. So we just had the same brunch as n't decide. So we just had the same brunch as yesterday. Honestly, it was so, so delicious! The quality was great, the food was delicious. yesterday. Honestly, it was so, so delicious! The quality was great, the food was delicious. yesterday. Honestly, it was so, so delicious! The quality was great, the food was delicious. I knew a simple brunch would be effective, delicious I knew a simple brunch would be effective, delicious I knew a simple brunch would be effective, delicious in every way. in every way. in every way. Nothing was extra or missing, nothing was missing. I'm going to start Nothing was extra or missing, nothing was missing. I'm going to start Nothing was extra or missing, nothing was missing. I'm going to start eating it for breakfast, for lunch, for breakfast, for brunch. So, I'll eating it for breakfast, for lunch, for breakfast, for brunch. So, I'll eating it for breakfast, for lunch, for breakfast, for brunch. So, I'll show you what I showed you yesterday. Thank you, please. show you what I showed you yesterday. Thank you, please. Here's what we have: Tousserie, Sali, Here's what we have: Tousserie, Sali, Here's what we have: Tousserie, Sali, crepes, Salima, Divali, harissa, cheese, butter, harissa, cheese, butter, harissa, cheese, butter, sugar (I don't like sugar), but the pancakes are delicious. sugar (I don't like sugar), but the pancakes are delicious. sugar (I don't like sugar), but the pancakes are delicious. And on top, we have Shark. This is a brunch, so come with it And on top, we have Shark. This is a brunch, so come with it And on top, we have Shark. This is a brunch, so come with it when you come, and it when you come, and it when you come, and it comes with coffee and Diwazgh.  We ate them and they come comes with coffee and Diwazgh.  We ate them and they come comes with coffee and Diwazgh.  We ate them and they come with them, like this, with bread, honestly, that with them, like this, with bread, honestly, that 's the truth, and half of it means, God willing, it's full. Let me show you what I got means, God willing, it's full. Let me show you what I got means, God willing, it's full. Let me show you what I got yesterday. That's the one I got, I got this mug yesterday. That's the one I got, I got this mug yesterday. That's the one I got, I got this mug cute, and I got a mug I cute, and I got a mug I cute, and I got a mug I liked, a Sidi Bou Said mug, I knew it was a touristy one, and I got a kitchen mug, and this one, it goes in the liked, a Sidi Bou Said mug, I knew it was a touristy one, and I got a kitchen mug, and this one, it goes in the liked, a Sidi Bou Said mug, I knew it was a touristy one, and I got a kitchen mug, and this one, it goes in the bag, and bag, and bag, and this one is so cute, seriously, it's this one is so cute, seriously, it's this one is so cute, seriously, it's not normal, try this one, I'll always start, I'm really happy, the not normal, try this one, I'll always start, I'm really happy, the not normal, try this one, I'll always start, I'm really happy, the truth is, the crepe, the ham, it did truth is, the crepe, the ham, it did truth is, the crepe, the ham, it did n't taste like crepe, hello, we're back to my dear Tunisia hello, we're back to my dear Tunisia hello, we're back to my dear Tunisia [inhales], my peace [inhales], my peace [inhales], my peace of mind, this is the space, this is me, of mind, this is the space, this is me, of mind, this is the space, this is me, where do I find my peace? I feel like I went home, yesterday, yesterday I didn't where do I find my peace? I feel like I went home, yesterday, yesterday I didn't where do I find my peace? I feel like I went home, yesterday, yesterday I didn't vlog anyone, because I was on the go, I don't really understand vlog anyone, because I was on the go, I don't really understand vlog anyone, because I was on the go, I don't really understand the vlog, I understood it, I'm not going to do a weekend vlog for you, and I'll vlog if I can find a place to go and post it, my the vlog, I understood it, I'm not going to do a weekend vlog for you, and I'll vlog if I can find a place to go and post it, my brother, I stayed  My vlog, I was going to brother, I stayed  My vlog, I was going to brother, I stayed  My vlog, I was going to go to Tunisia, and I kept go to Tunisia, and I kept go to Tunisia, and I kept working on the editing. I kept thinking, "Why am I doing working on the editing. I kept thinking, "Why am I doing working on the editing. I kept thinking, "Why am I doing this to myself? Why am I doing this to myself?" I did this to myself? Why am I doing this to myself?" I did this to myself? Why am I doing this to myself?" I did n't finish the Friday vlog, and that's how it is with us. I started, I n't finish the Friday vlog, and that's how it is with us. I started, I n't finish the Friday vlog, and that's how it is with us. I started, I started with you, and my story is coming up. I still do started with you, and my story is coming up. I still do started with you, and my story is coming up. I still do n't know, but I'll finish the vlog like this. It's so much fun n't know, but I'll finish the vlog like this. It's so much fun n't know, but I'll finish the vlog like this. It's so much fun in Tunisia, and the vlog will be up in Tunisia, and the vlog will be up in Tunisia, and the vlog will be up as usual. I'm always late, it's not normal. I'll do a quick as usual. I'm always late, it's not normal. I'll do a quick as usual. I'm always late, it's not normal. I'll do a quick first slash unboxing. What did I get from first slash unboxing. What did I get from first slash unboxing. What did I get from On Fit? I got these last Friday. They have a lot of products, On Fit? I got these last Friday. They have a lot of products, I love them. It's not normal, it's a brand, and I've been using them for I love them. It's not normal, it's a brand, and I've been using them for I love them. It's not normal, it's a brand, and I've been using them for two years. I didn't buy any brand. I bought a highlighter stick, but I bought some from them two years. I didn't buy any brand. I bought a highlighter stick, but I bought some from them two years. I didn't buy any brand. I bought a highlighter stick, but I bought some from them because I had some left over. I because I had some left over. I because I had some left over. I like them, so I bought like them, so I bought like them, so I bought this one. It's a rose gold highlighter stick, it's very nice. this one. It's a rose gold highlighter stick, it's very nice. this one. It's a rose gold highlighter stick, it's very nice. They make highlighter sticks. They make highlighter sticks. They make highlighter sticks. Listen to me, these are the products of the Steak, the highest quality Listen to me, these are the products of the Steak, the highest quality Listen to me, these are the products of the Steak, the highest quality [snoring sounds], and we found them bringing the [snoring sounds], and we found them bringing the [snoring sounds], and we found them bringing the Dovigons, the Dou Nouvote. These are the Philly Blush Dovigons, the Dou Nouvote. These are the Philly Blush Dovigons, the Dou Nouvote. These are the Philly Blush on Steak. I'm serious about the Blushik. You know me, I love you, you know me. It on Steak. I'm serious about the Blushik. You know me, I love you, you know me. It on Steak. I'm serious about the Blushik. You know me, I love you, you know me. It means these three are dizzy, they means these three are dizzy, they means these three are dizzy, they don't want to carry anything from them. If they came out, they would be Novigons. don't want to carry anything from them. If they came out, they would be Novigons. don't want to carry anything from them. If they came out, they would be Novigons. This is the This is the This is the color, oh, it kills, kills, kills. And these dizzy, and color, oh, it kills, kills, kills. And these dizzy, and color, oh, it kills, kills, kills. And these dizzy, and they came out, another one. This one I liked, that one, I they came out, another one. This one I liked, that one, I they came out, another one. This one I liked, that one, I don't know, pink. They have a wash, they have a gozinzo, and they need it. and they need it. and they need it. I went to the boutique in El Aouina because I went to the boutique in El Aouina because I went to the boutique in El Aouina because they have a boutique, meaning they sell them in a cafe. You go to they have a boutique, meaning they sell them in a cafe. You go to they have a boutique, meaning they sell them in a cafe. You go to the boutique with your hand, you'll find everything there. the boutique with your hand, you'll find everything there. the boutique with your hand, you'll find everything there. Last Friday, I passed by the El Aouina gate. I Last Friday, I passed by the El Aouina gate. I Last Friday, I passed by the El Aouina gate. I have a passage to take pictures, and I was right next to them at night. So, like this, I passed by, I finished, I passed by have a passage to take pictures, and I was right next to them at night. So, like this, I passed by, I finished, I passed by have a passage to take pictures, and I was right next to them at night. So, like this, I passed by, I finished, I passed by tonight. tonight. tonight. Look at the Dovigons, the Lip Lip, the Innerkhoma  I liked the two Look at the Dovigons, the Lip Lip, the Innerkhoma  I liked the two Look at the Dovigons, the Lip Lip, the Innerkhoma  I liked the two creseilles, I knew them, the lip combos, I knew them, creseilles, I knew them, the lip combos, I knew them, creseilles, I knew them, the lip combos, I knew them, creeilles, Zadeh brush makeup, I didn't know they made them, I creeilles, Zadeh brush makeup, I didn't know they made them, I creeilles, Zadeh brush makeup, I didn't know they made them, I found them in the boutique. You go to the boutique and you found them in the boutique. You go to the boutique and you found them in the boutique. You go to the boutique and you find a lot of things you can't find anywhere else. find a lot of things you can't find anywhere else. find a lot of things you can't find anywhere else. They have a boutique in Sousse and a boutique in El They have a boutique in Sousse and a boutique in El They have a boutique in Sousse and a boutique in El Aouina, as far as I know. And I bought them, the ones with the tincture, I Aouina, as far as I know. And I bought them, the ones with the tincture, I Aouina, as far as I know. And I bought them, the ones with the tincture, I don't know the don't know the don't know the tincture, but I have to try all of this. I'm relaxed and sitting down. tincture, but I have to try all of this. I'm relaxed and sitting down. tincture, but I have to try all of this. I'm relaxed and sitting down. I received this package, I I received this package, I I received this package, I told you about it, I told you about it on YouTube, told you about it, I told you about it on YouTube, told you about it, I told you about it on YouTube, I told you I want to try it. The one that pulls out the hair I told you I want to try it. The one that pulls out the hair I told you I want to try it. The one that pulls out the hair without any sound or without any sound or without any sound or [snoring sounds]. I [snoring sounds]. I [snoring sounds]. I feel like I'm in a good place. I'll go out and try it. I'll feel like I'm in a good place. I'll go out and try it. I'll try it on my hair, it has to be washed and clean, and I'll see. And its try it on my hair, it has to be washed and clean, and I'll see. And its color is very nice. I wish I could go and get the color is very nice. I wish I could go and get the color is very nice. I wish I could go and get the combos for the Jo Concours. Remember, I showed them to you in the combos for the Jo Concours. Remember, I showed them to you in the combos for the Jo Concours. Remember, I showed them to you in the video video video for the Jo Concours of Bagsur for the Jo Concours of Bagsur for the Jo Concours of Bagsur last Friday. I'm not last Friday. I'm not last Friday. I'm not in Tunisia, I told them  As a spirit towards Tunisia, I'll bring you gifts so I can in Tunisia, I told them  As a spirit towards Tunisia, I'll bring you gifts so I can in Tunisia, I told them  As a spirit towards Tunisia, I'll bring you gifts so I can deliver them. Yesterday I watched deliver them. Yesterday I watched deliver them. Yesterday I watched Spider-Man and it was Spider-Man and it was Spider-Man and it was n't a Deception, it was an n't a Deception, it was an n't a Deception, it was an Enderman. I felt like an Enderman, I know if it was expected or something Enderman. I felt like an Enderman, I know if it was expected or something Enderman. I felt like an Enderman, I know if it was expected or something else, or else, or else, or I don't know, I didn't feel very understated. I knew it was something else. I'm I don't know, I didn't feel very understated. I knew it was something else. I'm I don't know, I didn't feel very understated. I knew it was something else. I'm hungry. [Snoring sounds] hungry. [Snoring sounds] hungry. [Snoring sounds] Come on, I didn't take a break. How much I missed him, How much I missed him, How much I missed him, how much he left his place. how much he left his place. how much he left his place. Bebo Tito, even you in the block, you missed him. He hasn't done anything for a long time. He hasn't done anything. Bebo Tito, even you in the block, you missed him. He hasn't done anything for a long time. He hasn't done anything. My son, my son, the beautiful one. My son, my son, the beautiful one. This is your YouTube channel. I went and did something. I did a little bit of work. The program is the gift. They are a something. I did a little bit of work. The program is the gift. They are a something. I did a little bit of work. The program is the gift. They are a competition. If you competition. If you competition. If you remember, there's only one available to download the gift for her. So I took it and I was really happy, really happy with it. It's remember, there's only one available to download the gift for her. So I took it and I was really happy, really happy with it. It's remember, there's only one available to download the gift for her. So I took it and I was really happy, really happy with it. It's not not not normal, really. It's so beautiful. It's so beautiful. How sweet normal, really. It's so beautiful. It's so beautiful. How sweet the girl is. She's killing me. She's killing the girl is. She's killing me. She's killing the girl is. She's killing me. She's killing me. She gave me a gift. If you watch it, let me show you the cuteness. me. She gave me a gift. If you watch it, let me show you the cuteness. Cute, you brought me a rose, really, Yasser, Yasser, I'm so happy, I swear, it's not Cute, you brought me a rose, really, Yasser, Yasser, I'm so happy, I swear, it's not Cute, you brought me a rose, really, Yasser, Yasser, I'm so happy, I swear, it's not normal, Bonj. Today I woke up a little, and when you wake up, Bonj. Today I woke up a little, and when you wake up, Bonj. Today I woke up a little, and when you wake up, what do you do as a child? What can you do to get what do you do as a child? What can you do to get what do you do as a child? What can you do to get your spirits up? Go and do a gossip session, I'm going to do a gossip session, and I'm your spirits up? Go and do a gossip session, I'm going to do a gossip session, and I'm going to do a gossip session. Believe me, I came out of the cupping session feeling like this, all puffy and my hair is all messed up. I don't even have any hair, why would I pull it out when it's so hot and the hair straightener will come out and I'll sweat? I want to do a gossip session, I don't know, seriously, every time I pull my hair out I feel like [snoring sounds]. I went out this morning to run errands and going to do a gossip session. Believe me, I came out of the cupping session feeling like this, all puffy and my hair is all messed up. I don't even have any hair, why would I pull it out when it's so hot and the hair straightener will come out and I'll sweat? I want to do a gossip session, I don't know, seriously, every time I pull my hair out I feel like [snoring sounds]. I went out this morning to run errands and going to do a gossip session. Believe me, I came out of the cupping session feeling like this, all puffy and my hair is all messed up. I don't even have any hair, why would I pull it out when it's so hot and the hair straightener will come out and I'll sweat? I want to do a gossip session, I don't know, seriously, every time I pull my hair out I feel like [snoring sounds]. I went out this morning to run errands and everything, and everything, and everything, and I went and pulled my hair and went out. I still have some time left. I went and pulled my hair and went out. I still have some time left. I went and pulled my hair and went out. I still have some time left. I want to get ready with my hair straightener. I have a pass to get ready. I'll take a delivery to my place. Bonjour, Bonjour, and bye-bye I want to get ready with my hair straightener. I have a pass to get ready. I'll take a delivery to my place. Bonjour, Bonjour, and bye-bye because this is the end. I'm going to because this is the end. I'm going to because this is the end. I'm going to finish the editing because I never finish the editing because I never finish the editing because I never finish. I told you bye-bye, which means don't watch, I missed you. I finish. I told you bye-bye, which means don't watch, I missed you. I finish. I told you bye-bye, which means don't watch, I missed you. I watched what you did.  The job is to watched what you did.  The job is to watched what you did.  The job is to live with me like this for a few days, vacation, and live with me like this for a few days, vacation, and live with me like this for a few days, vacation, and like, subscribe, and bye.