What are you doing [sound of clearing throat]? What are you doing [sound of clearing throat]? What are you doing [sound of clearing throat]? What are you idiots doing? What are you idiots doing? What are you idiots doing? won. won. won. What are you doing?   I am What are you doing?   I am What are you doing?   I am practicing. practicing. practicing. What are you practicing?  Tennis What are you practicing?  Tennis What are you practicing?  Tennis of course. of course. of course. Nothing will happen if you practice. Nothing will happen if you practice. Nothing will happen if you practice. Whoever had to practice did it. Whoever had to practice did it. Whoever had to practice did it. And she is our Sania Mirza, the pride of And she is our Sania Mirza, the pride of And she is our Sania Mirza, the pride of India.  And India.  And India.  And we are standing outside his house in we are standing outside his house in we are standing outside his house in Dubai.  So let's go inside and have a look. Dubai.  So let's go inside and have a look. Dubai.  So let's go inside and have a look. Lovely homes to are coming up and meeting Lovely homes to are coming up and meeting Lovely homes to are coming up and meeting excited Sania Mirza. excited Sania Mirza. excited Sania Mirza. Hello Hello Hello welcome hi how are welcome hi how are welcome hi how are you from oh my god so hot this is you from oh my god so hot this is you from oh my god so hot this is Izhan hi how are Izhan hi how are Izhan hi how are you?  How are you?  Hi Hi Hi you?  How are you?  Hi Hi Hi you?  How are you?  Hi Hi Hi Nice to meet you Nice to meet you Nice to meet you Hello Hi Very good Nice to meet you Hello Hi Very good Nice to meet you Hello Hi Very good Nice to meet you Hi Izhan How are you?   He Hi Izhan How are you?   He Hi Izhan How are you?   He is already eating snacks. is already eating snacks. is already eating snacks. Okay come come come please come in what a Okay come come come please come in what a Okay come come come please come in what a nice place man.   Thank nice place man.   Thank nice place man.   Thank you.  Wow oh wow you.  Wow oh wow you.  Wow oh wow I am so fascinated by just the I am so fascinated by just the I am so fascinated by just the look of this home whatever you see here is like I had to whatever you see here is like I had to whatever you see here is like I had to really work hard for vegetarian [laughs] really work hard for vegetarian [laughs] really work hard for vegetarian [laughs] but yahan pe mutton biryani bani hai because it's but yahan pe mutton biryani bani hai because it's but yahan pe mutton biryani bani hai because it's a Hyderabadi house and one person it's not vegetable a Hyderabadi house and one person it's not vegetable a Hyderabadi house and one person it's not vegetable happy [laughs] my sister makes these videos with her my sister makes these videos with her my sister makes these videos with her husband on Instagram and so many many husband on Instagram and so many many husband on Instagram and so many many times I see the inspiration is both of you times I see the inspiration is both of you times I see the inspiration is both of you she gives that like thing no inspiration she gives that like thing no inspiration she gives that like thing no inspiration taken from [laughs] taken from [laughs] taken from [laughs] anam she met you yes or she does 50 things out of which anam she met you yes or she does 50 things out of which anam she met you yes or she does 50 things out of which one of the thing she does is copy you guys one of the thing she does is copy you guys one of the thing she does is copy you guys but have you ever thought of starting a YouTube but have you ever thought of starting a YouTube I am running three businesses and taking I am running three businesses and taking I am running three businesses and taking care of a kid which is a lot and care of a kid which is a lot and care of a kid which is a lot and then I travel up obviously a lot to then I travel up obviously a lot to then I travel up obviously a lot to India I am in India almost 8-10 days. India I am in India almost 8-10 days. India I am in India almost 8-10 days. Here comes the Here comes the Here comes the deserted Sania Mirza Tennis Academy in Hyderabad So then deserted Sania Mirza Tennis Academy in Hyderabad So then deserted Sania Mirza Tennis Academy in Hyderabad So then I am I am I am like you know only seven you know so like you know only seven you know so like you know only seven you know so I am like that I I am like that I I am like that I quit tennis one of the reasons was so that I could quit tennis one of the reasons was so that I could quit tennis one of the reasons was so that I could spend more time with him now I will be doing spend more time with him now I will be doing spend more time with him now I will be doing injustice if I do so many things injustice if I do so many things injustice if I do so many things that required travel or please eat na have something that required travel or please eat na have something that required travel or please eat na have something ye toh snack kyun ye toh snack kyun ye toh snack kyun yaad aaya hai mujhe aaye hi hi challenge knock knock knock who is yaad aaya hai mujhe aaye hi hi challenge knock knock knock who is there khuj khuj there khuj khuj there khuj khuj [laughs] please take something so I was like I don't know where this [laughs] please take something so I was like I don't know where this [laughs] please take something so I was like I don't know where this is going is going is going let's not take khuj please take it [laughs] let's not take khuj please take it [laughs] let's not take khuj please take it [laughs] so which class is Izaan in so which class is Izaan in so which class is Izaan in Izaan has just graduated to the second Izaan has just graduated to the second Izaan has just graduated to the second she already said I just come and say she already said I just come and say she already said I just come and say hi and then I will be chilling in my room hi and then I will be chilling in my room hi and then I will be chilling in my room so I said okay we will come visit you in the so I said okay we will come visit you in the so I said okay we will come visit you in the room [laughs] room [laughs] room [laughs] so let's let's do that let's do that so let's let's do that let's do that so let's let's do that let's do that fun fun fun aur humari aadhi zindagi idhar bhi idhar toh this is aur humari aadhi zindagi idhar bhi idhar toh this is aur humari aadhi zindagi idhar bhi idhar toh this is Whatever the action is, Whatever the action is, Whatever the action is, because like I said, I'm a very formal because like I said, I'm a very formal because like I said, I'm a very formal person, otherwise I would have normally brought it here person, otherwise I would have normally brought it here person, otherwise I would have normally brought it here if the camera wasn't there [laughs] I took it if the camera wasn't there [laughs] I took it if the camera wasn't there [laughs] I took it there.  So, we just have this are TV there.  So, we just have this are TV there.  So, we just have this are TV room, chilling room, here you know, everything. room, chilling room, here you know, everything. room, chilling room, here you know, everything. Look at these inviting sofas, yah.   No Look at these inviting sofas, yah.   No Look at these inviting sofas, yah.   No one should get up there.  Didn't even get up.  One one should get up there.  Didn't even get up.  One one should get up there.  Didn't even get up.  One second I have to sit. second I have to sit. second I have to sit. No, you lie down.  [laughter] No, you lie down.  [laughter] No, you lie down.  [laughter] Just look at that. Just look at that. Just look at that. No these are very very. No these are very very. No these are very very. Cloud So From.   Or. Cloud So From.   Or. Cloud So From.   Or. Oh!  Dude, obviously who will get up from here? Oh!  Dude, obviously who will get up from here? Oh!  Dude, obviously who will get up from here? This is the place. This is the place. This is the place. We watch cricket matches, watch TV shows We watch cricket matches, watch TV shows We watch cricket matches, watch TV shows , chill at night.  And , chill at night.  And , chill at night.  And when whoever comes to my yes, whatever when whoever comes to my yes, whatever when whoever comes to my yes, whatever friends come, they just come and no one goes there. friends come, they just come and no one goes there. friends come, they just come and no one goes there. Like, this is the most used Like, this is the most used Like, this is the most used room.  I must. room.  I must. room.  I must. Next time we come, we will come straight here. Next time we come, we will come straight here. Next time we come, we will come straight here. You guys come next time. You guys come next time. You guys come next time. I love this. I love this. I love this. No one gifted this to me.  They made it No one gifted this to me.  They made it No one gifted this to me.  They made it into a carpet.  It was a picture from into a carpet.  It was a picture from into a carpet.  It was a picture from my Instagram, he took it out and my Instagram, he took it out and my Instagram, he took it out and gifted me that. gifted me that. gifted me that. So this one too, this is a painting.  This is So this one too, this is a painting.  This is So this one too, this is a painting.  This is not a picture.  And it glows in the dark.   It is not a picture.  And it glows in the dark.   It is not a picture.  And it glows in the dark.   It is not dark right now but gloss in but when you not dark right now but gloss in but when you not dark right now but gloss in but when you go closer then you will realize that it is okay. go closer then you will realize that it is okay. go closer then you will realize that it is okay. Stay till night.  We'll Stay till night.  We'll Stay till night.  We'll see when it gets dark [laughs].  Isn't it see when it gets dark [laughs].  Isn't it see when it gets dark [laughs].  Isn't it ?  If you stay till night, it will become dark. ?  If you stay till night, it will become dark. ?  If you stay till night, it will become dark. Please, everyone came here just like this. Please, everyone came here just like this. Please, everyone came here just like this. So I have a hidden talent.  Should I call it talent, should I So I have a hidden talent.  Should I call it talent, should I So I have a hidden talent.  Should I call it talent, should I call it hobby? call it hobby? call it hobby? I have done up the house. I have done up the house. I have done up the house. Or there was nothing in it so we did this a Or there was nothing in it so we did this a Or there was nothing in it so we did this a guest room.  So it's very caring and soothing.  Isn't it? very caring and soothing.  Isn't it? very caring and soothing.  Isn't it? Or I just thought you know we make an Or I just thought you know we make an Or I just thought you know we make an experiment with our own house. experiment with our own house. experiment with our own house. Whatever means you can put something. Whatever means you can put something. Whatever means you can put something. Love this bed.  Like the sandals, the Love this bed.  Like the sandals, the Love this bed.  Like the sandals, the light fittings are very cute to me light fittings are very cute to me light fittings are very cute to me and there is a washroom thing, and there is a washroom thing, and there is a washroom thing, washroom I did not do anything [laughs] washroom I did not do anything [laughs] washroom I did not do anything [laughs] washroom is not clean toh hum nahi dikhayenge it is washroom is not clean toh hum nahi dikhayenge it is washroom is not clean toh hum nahi dikhayenge it is clean but I did not do it and then I will just clean but I did not do it and then I will just clean but I did not do it and then I will just show you outside show you outside show you outside I love this, take care beautiful I love this, take care beautiful I love this, take care beautiful and this actually we go and see this and this actually we go and see this and this actually we go and see this actually Salman had gifted me. actually Salman had gifted me. actually Salman had gifted me. So personally made it for you.  Wow lucky you. So personally made it for you.  Wow lucky you. So personally made it for you.  Wow lucky you. Next time, give me something from Meethi too, Next time, give me something from Meethi too, Next time, give me something from Meethi too, friend [laughs] friend [laughs] friend [laughs] As you can see, nothing is cooked in the kitchen. As you can see, nothing is cooked in the kitchen. As you can see, nothing is cooked in the kitchen. We play games here. We play games here. We play games here. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. This kitchen outside is actually a kitchen. This kitchen outside is actually a kitchen. This kitchen outside is actually a kitchen. So but this is a three in one table.  So This So but this is a three in one table.  So This So but this is a three in one table.  So This Becomes Air Hockey and Table Tennis.  Another Becomes Air Hockey and Table Tennis.  Another Becomes Air Hockey and Table Tennis.  Another thing also happens.  I think it's made of smokers or something. thing also happens.  I think it's made of smokers or something. Inside Hockey. Inside Hockey. Inside Hockey. But this is inside him.   Does But this is inside him.   Does But this is inside him.   Does this mean it was kept in the kitchen? this mean it was kept in the kitchen? this mean it was kept in the kitchen? No, this is not used in the kitchen.  This is the show kitchen. No, this is not used in the kitchen.  This is the show kitchen. No, this is not used in the kitchen.  This is the show kitchen. It just makes coffee.  Nothing else happens around here [laughter]. It just makes coffee.  Nothing else happens around here [laughter]. It just makes coffee.  Nothing else happens around here [laughter]. This is an outside. This is an outside. This is an outside. It's Actually Quite Nice.  It is here. It's Actually Quite Nice.  It is here. It's Actually Quite Nice.  It is here. Oh wow.  If you Oh wow.  If you Oh wow.  If you come forward on this side, you won't be able to tell come forward on this side, you won't be able to tell come forward on this side, you won't be able to tell how much space is there at the back, so that's a little gazebo, how much space is there at the back, so that's a little gazebo, how much space is there at the back, so that's a little gazebo, this is obviously Izhaan's play area, this is obviously Izhaan's play area, this is obviously Izhaan's play area, yes, when he was little, yes, when he was little, yes, when he was little, we were also in the mud, it's so difficult to we were also in the mud, it's so difficult to we were also in the mud, it's so difficult to maintain the outdoor area, maintain the outdoor area, maintain the outdoor area, either the main kitchen is there where the food is either the main kitchen is there where the food is either the main kitchen is there where the food is cooked, excited, it's better that we have a cooked, excited, it's better that we have a cooked, excited, it's better that we have a bigger space, I feel like boys thrive in bigger space, I feel like boys thrive in bigger space, I feel like boys thrive in space, space, space, if he likes football, then if he likes football, then if he likes football, then obviously he needs some space, he obviously he needs some space, he obviously he needs some space, he plays tennis, he plays football, he plays tennis, plays tennis, he plays football, he plays tennis, plays tennis, he plays football, he plays tennis, I make him play because I make him play because I make him play because [laughs] I want, I want, why, [laughs] I want, I want, why, Izhaan was playing FIFA, so he was playing Izhaan was playing FIFA, so he was playing Izhaan was playing FIFA, so he was playing with Sunil Chhatri, okay, think, I with Sunil Chhatri, okay, think, I with Sunil Chhatri, okay, think, I met Sunil at an event, and I said, Sunil is always complaining that met Sunil at an event, and I said, Sunil is always complaining that you are missing the goals in FIFA [laughs], so I told Sunil, so I made a so I told Sunil, so I made a so I told Sunil, so I made a video for him, in that Sunil said, I video for him, in that Sunil said, I video for him, in that Sunil said, I hate you are always complaining that I am missing hate you are always complaining that I am missing hate you are always complaining that I am missing your goal, I hope we can practice together your goal, I hope we can practice together your goal, I hope we can practice together [laughs], he was  So surprise he was so [laughs], he was  So surprise he was so [laughs], he was  So surprise he was so surprise surprise surprise missing [laughs] missing [laughs] missing [laughs] always missing in fun always missing in fun always missing in fun we're coming up warning we're coming up warning we're coming up warning Izan's room this is exactly what I would have Izan's room this is exactly what I would have wanted my room to be when I was a kid and here Izan has swimming and here Izan has swimming and here Izan has swimming pools. pools. pools. But it is said that a child should play every sport. But it is said that a child should play every sport. But it is said that a child should play every sport. His different skills His different skills His different skills develop.   Did develop.   Did develop.   Did you hear?  [laughter] you hear?  [laughter] you hear?  [laughter] He just plays drums.   The He just plays drums.   The He just plays drums.   The poor guy is saying that all this has happened.   The poor guy is saying that all this has happened.   The poor guy is saying that all this has happened.   The game is paused. game is paused. game is paused. Son, you play. Son, you play. Son, you play. Okay, we are leaving. Okay, we are leaving. Okay, we are leaving. Yes.   Ok, bye. Yes.   Ok, bye. Yes.   Ok, bye. Okay, Okay, Okay, okay, [laughs] okay, [laughs] okay, [laughs] I totally understand. I totally understand. I totally understand. Poor guy. Poor guy. Poor guy. This is my bedroom. This is my bedroom. This is my bedroom. Wow. Wow. Wow. This was my color.  I wanted it to be. This was my color.  I wanted it to be. This was my color.  I wanted it to be. What's up friend?  Wow. What's up friend?  Wow. What's up friend?  Wow. Well sometimes you forget, you forget Well sometimes you forget, you forget Well sometimes you forget, you forget who this is?  [laughs] I'm Sania. who this is?  [laughs] I'm Sania. I actually stole this from a hotel and brought it on my own bed. I actually stole this from a hotel and brought it on my own bed. I actually stole this from a hotel and brought it on my own bed. Hey Sania, how many cities have you travelled to in your life Hey Sania, how many cities have you travelled to in your life Hey Sania, how many cities have you travelled to in your life ?  How many passport ?  How many passport ?  How many passport booklets do you have?  There is a lot. booklets do you have?  There is a lot. booklets do you have?  There is a lot. Still there Still there Still there is a lot.  Actually I went to counselling only yesterday.  I had to get a is a lot.  Actually I went to counselling only yesterday.  I had to get a is a lot.  Actually I went to counselling only yesterday.  I had to get a new passport for my region, but I had new passport for my region, but I had new passport for my region, but I had six in my head, Mangal, till now I had six, six in my head, Mangal, till now I had six, six in my head, Mangal, till now I had six, seven, so many doubles, double double seven, so many doubles, double double seven, so many doubles, double double double, double, double, but our countries were always on repeat every year. but our countries were always on repeat every year. Because every year during the Australian Open Because every year during the Australian Open Because every year during the Australian Open we play the Australian Open.  During Wimbledon, he we play the Australian Open.  During Wimbledon, he we play the Australian Open.  During Wimbledon, he plays Wimbledon.  And then so on. plays Wimbledon.  And then so on. plays Wimbledon.  And then so on. So we do the I've done So we do the I've done So we do the I've done the same countries for 20 the same countries for 20 the same countries for 20 years.  So, maybe like 25 years.  So, maybe like 25 years.  So, maybe like 25 years? years? years? Tell me how does it feel to go?  You go and Tell me how does it feel to go?  You go and Tell me how does it feel to go?  You go and you play on the courts at Wimbledon.  How did it you play on the courts at Wimbledon.  How did it you play on the courts at Wimbledon.  How did it feel?  And you one Wimbledon?  Wow. feel?  And you one Wimbledon?  Wow. feel?  And you one Wimbledon?  Wow. No, actually when I was small No, actually when I was small No, actually when I was small everyone used to taunt me.  Do you think you'll everyone used to taunt me.  Do you think you'll everyone used to taunt me.  Do you think you'll play Wimbledon one day? play Wimbledon one day? play Wimbledon one day? So do you think that when you told my parents, So do you think that when you told my parents, So do you think that when you told my parents, you guys went mad?  You are you guys went mad?  You are you guys went mad?  You are travelling around the world with her.   You are travelling around the world with her.   You are travelling around the world with her.   You are investing all your money in him.  You are doing everything. investing all your money in him.  You are doing everything. investing all your money in him.  You are doing everything. Till date has anyone become a tennis player or will she become one or will she Till date has anyone become a tennis player or will she become one or will she Till date has anyone become a tennis player or will she become one or will she play or this is for us, yes our daughter will do it play or this is for us, yes our daughter will do it play or this is for us, yes our daughter will do it and I mean they had their dream so no matter what I want that and I mean they had their dream so no matter what I want that and I mean they had their dream so no matter what I want that Wimbledon Wimbledon Wimbledon stage is very very special because I used to get stage is very very special because I used to get stage is very very special because I used to get taunts for that, do you ever taunts for that, do you ever taunts for that, do you ever think that if you play Wimbledon, then Wimbledon was think that if you play Wimbledon, then Wimbledon was think that if you play Wimbledon, then Wimbledon was not played at all, we won not played at all, we won not played at all, we won Sheikh [laughs] I am a huge tennis fan, it's huge I am a huge tennis fan, it's huge I am a huge tennis fan, it's huge tennis.   The tennis.   The tennis.   The Only Sport I Ever Watch: Tennis.  Only Only Sport I Ever Watch: Tennis.  Only Only Sport I Ever Watch: Tennis.  Only Sport.  And yours is the four hands, Sport.  And yours is the four hands, Sport.  And yours is the four hands, it is like one of the best it is like one of the best it is like one of the best strongest.  [laughter] Yes, man.  So in strongest.  [laughter] Yes, man.  So in strongest.  [laughter] Yes, man.  So in fact Dubai was open.  Once I fact Dubai was open.  Once I fact Dubai was open.  Once I saw you had I think you she's playing saw you had I think you she's playing saw you had I think you she's playing a world number one or somebody has a world number one or somebody has a world number one or somebody has so I one I cause she had just one US Open. so I one I cause she had just one US Open. so I one I cause she had just one US Open. That was my first break through in the year 2000. That was my first break through in the year 2000. That was my first break through in the year 2000. I saw that match years ago.  And I saw I saw that match years ago.  And I saw I saw that match years ago.  And I saw your four hands boom.  It was like wow man. your four hands boom.  It was like wow man. your four hands boom.  It was like wow man. So strong na the forehand [laughs] amazing So strong na the forehand [laughs] amazing So strong na the forehand [laughs] amazing thank you come this thank you come this thank you come this Abhinash he took this picture Abhinash he took this picture Abhinash he took this picture or it was just a shoot and he just Izhaan or it was just a shoot and he just Izhaan or it was just a shoot and he just Izhaan in my lap he let me take a photo and he just took this in my lap he let me take a photo and he just took this so sweet this is a prayer room I so sweet this is a prayer room I so sweet this is a prayer room I feel like there is a coming energy as soon as it is coming feel like there is a coming energy as soon as it is coming feel like there is a coming energy as soon as it is coming but here they read Quran, but here they read Quran, but here they read Quran, read namaz anybody that comes we in read namaz anybody that comes we in read namaz anybody that comes we in Ramadan we have a jamaat jamaat so hum log sare jitna bhi Ramadan we have a jamaat jamaat so hum log sare jitna bhi Ramadan we have a jamaat jamaat so hum log sare jitna bhi family and friends hain we all break our family and friends hain we all break our family and friends hain we all break our fast and then we do like a you know jamaat fast and then we do like a you know jamaat fast and then we do like a you know jamaat together and stuff.  So this together and stuff.  So this together and stuff.  So this is the Padmashree actually. is the Padmashree actually. is the Padmashree actually. Padmashree and Padma Bhushan Padmashree and Padma Bhushan Padmashree and Padma Bhushan Padma Bhushan is not here in Hyderabad Padma Bhushan is not here in Hyderabad Padma Bhushan is not here in Hyderabad but Padmashree is here. but Padmashree is here. but Padmashree is here. So let me tell you about Padmashree, Padma Bhushan and So let me tell you about Padmashree, Padma Bhushan and So let me tell you about Padmashree, Padma Bhushan and Arjuna Award and many others.  Khel Ratna Arjuna Award and many others.  Khel Ratna Arjuna Award and many others.  Khel Ratna Butler also Khel Ratna. Butler also Khel Ratna. Butler also Khel Ratna. Thank you so much.  Thank you so much.  [laughter] Thank you so much.  Thank you so much.  [laughter] Thank you so much.  Thank you so much.  [laughter] I'm tearing up. I'm tearing up. I'm tearing up. Only Games That We Know To Play A Blame Only Games That We Know To Play A Blame Only Games That We Know To Play A Blame Games.  [laughter] Yes, Games.  [laughter] Yes, Games.  [laughter] Yes, old married couple but beautiful. old married couple but beautiful. old married couple but beautiful. Yeah, so here are some trophies I put, but these are Yeah, so here are some trophies I put, but these are Yeah, so here are some trophies I put, but these are like the medals from Gongzao 2010 like the medals from Gongzao 2010 like the medals from Gongzao 2010 [nasal sound]. [nasal sound]. [nasal sound]. Inshyeon 2014 Asian Games medals.   There Inshyeon 2014 Asian Games medals.   There Inshyeon 2014 Asian Games medals.   There is someone else there, is someone else there, is someone else there, someone says there is someone else there. someone says there is someone else there. someone says there is someone else there. This is from Doha.  Doha Asian Games 2006 This is from Doha.  Doha Asian Games 2006 This is from Doha.  Doha Asian Games 2006 Wow. Wow. Wow. I remember you from this time.  You know this is this is I remember you from this time.  You know this is this is I remember you from this time.  You know this is this is or 2015 or 2015 or 2015 these are actually you get the bronze medal for the Wimbledon semi-finals. these are actually you get the bronze medal for the Wimbledon semi-finals. Wow! Wow! Wow! Let's see your Wimbledon medal brother. Let's see your Wimbledon medal brother. Let's see your Wimbledon medal brother. Dude I have to touch this.  [laughter] Dude I have to touch this.  [laughter] Dude I have to touch this.  [laughter] And it's just lying here casually. And it's just lying here casually. And it's just lying here casually. And this is the last Australian Open And this is the last Australian Open And this is the last Australian Open final.  I retired on 23 February and final.  I retired on 23 February and final.  I retired on 23 February and played the 23 Australian Open final in January. played the 23 Australian Open final in January. played the 23 Australian Open final in January. Good. Good. Good. So here are So here are So here are half the medals.  Half are there. half the medals.  Half are there. half the medals.  Half are there. Archana ji, you will understand why I Archana ji, you will understand why I Archana ji, you will understand why I tell you the maximum time. I also want that cloth, friend.  [laughs] I also want that cloth, friend.  [laughs] I also want that cloth, friend.  [laughs] It It It 's a dream for any woman, man, it's a 's a dream for any woman, man, it's a 's a dream for any woman, man, it's a dream to have such a big room to get ready and do dream to have such a big room to get ready and do dream to have such a big room to get ready and do makeup. makeup. makeup. How many clothes do you have? How many clothes do you have? How many clothes do you have? No clothes, No clothes, No clothes, friend, you are not alone. friend, you are not alone. friend, you are not alone. No, she is not alone. No, she is not alone. No, she is not alone. Yes mom, you too must have the same number of clothes. Yes mom, you too must have the same number of clothes. Yes mom, you too must have the same number of clothes. If not, If not, If not, this is the plan. this is the plan. this is the plan. We work. We work. We work. Yes, we have to go out.  [laughter] Yes, we have to go out.  [laughter] Yes, we have to go out.  [laughter] Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. You don't go out wearing pants or shirt. You don't go out wearing pants or shirt. You don't go out wearing pants or shirt. Exactly [laughter] Exactly [laughter] Exactly [laughter] what about them?  If it has to be shaved for two consecutive days, then what about them?  If it has to be shaved for two consecutive days, then what about them?  If it has to be shaved for two consecutive days, then shave again.  We have shave again.  We have shave again.  We have makeup, makeup, makeup, open it? open it? open it? Well I thought Well I thought Well I thought slide slide you will appreciate that. Wow!   I Wow!   I Wow!   I have bags. have bags. have bags. Or [laughs] I have that bag Or [laughs] I have that bag Or [laughs] I have that bag up there too. up there too. up there too. I think the left shoe left shoe has to be I think the left shoe left shoe has to be I think the left shoe left shoe has to be you will love [ __ ] you will love [ __ ] you will love [ __ ] oh I love this oh I love this oh I love this oh my god [laughs] or you are wishing that it keeps fitting you yes or you are wishing that it keeps fitting you yes or you are wishing that it keeps fitting you yes this is a very nice and large size this is a very nice and large size this is a very nice and large size or or sea wardrobe itni badi lag chauri wardrobes vanity or or sea wardrobe itni badi lag chauri wardrobes vanity or or sea wardrobe itni badi lag chauri wardrobes vanity bahut pyara sa vanity hai you know how many covers she has in her bahut pyara sa vanity hai you know how many covers she has in her bahut pyara sa vanity hai you know how many covers she has in her room one two three four room one two three four gin ke nazar na aana.  Yes I saw this gin ke nazar na aana.  Yes I saw this gin ke nazar na aana.  Yes I saw this [laughs] this [laughs] this [laughs] this is the quantity is the quantity is the quantity oh this is the lazy basket I thought I had to oh this is the lazy basket I thought I had to oh this is the lazy basket I thought I had to give things below give things below Sania Sania Sania you can send your phone in this [laughs] you can send your phone in this [laughs] you can send your phone in this [laughs] hello ana ana upstairs [laughs] hello ana ana upstairs [laughs] hello ana ana upstairs [laughs] I love this when I love this when I love this when you have this high ceiling then you have you have this high ceiling then you have you have this high ceiling then you have like a hole in the this is the best [laughs] like a hole in the this is the best [laughs] like a hole in the this is the best [laughs] I love this so this I love this so this I love this so this ride behind you is actually the ride behind you is actually the ride behind you is actually the actual cloth from the Kaaba which is or actual cloth from the Kaaba which is or actual cloth from the Kaaba which is or so the actual cloth it is on the side of it so the actual cloth it is on the side of it so the actual cloth it is on the side of it which it is part of the pillow so somebody which it is part of the pillow so somebody which it is part of the pillow so somebody gifted me for my birthday.  So they change it gifted me for my birthday.  So they change it gifted me for my birthday.  So they change it every year that black cloth of every year that black cloth of every year that black cloth of his that one a little bit this was a cloth or his that one a little bit this was a cloth or his that one a little bit this was a cloth or that is from it actually. that is from it actually. that is from it actually. And what are you writing here? And what are you writing here? And what are you writing here? This is a prayer for protection.  Okay or This is a prayer for protection.  Okay or This is a prayer for protection.  Okay or Oh Wow!  Please give me all this food, Oh Wow!  Please give me all this food, oh my God!  No no, oh my God!  No no, oh my God!  No no, we are Hyderabadis. we are Hyderabadis. we are Hyderabadis. We don't give that much food.  [laughs] We don't give that much food.  [laughs] We don't give that much food.  [laughs] You Hyderabadis have made Punjabis go crazy when it comes to You Hyderabadis have made Punjabis go crazy when it comes to You Hyderabadis have made Punjabis go crazy when it comes to food. food. food. If I had known there was so much to eat, If I had known there was so much to eat, If I had known there was so much to eat, I wouldn't have eaten lunch. I wouldn't have eaten lunch. I wouldn't have eaten lunch. I told horp ok I told horp ok I told horp ok guys knocknock. guys knocknock. guys knocknock. Who is there?   To Who is there?   To Who is there?   To express any doubt. express any doubt. express any doubt. I am not saying anything.  I am feeling scared. I am not saying anything.  I am feeling scared. I am not saying anything.  I am feeling scared. Knock knock. Knock knock. Knock knock. She's not saying who is there?  She Saying. She's not saying who is there?  She Saying. She's not saying who is there?  She Saying. Yes.  Who is that Yes.  Who is that Yes.  Who is that Dubai baren Dubai baren Dubai baren Dubai baren Dubai baren Dubai baren Dubai baren Dubai baren Dubai baren Oh Dubai Oh Dubai Oh Dubai baren we are playing and having fun baren we are playing and having fun baren we are playing and having fun oh my god papa oh my god papa oh my god papa I met you for the first time but it's too bad I met you for the first time but it's too bad I met you for the first time but it's too bad [laughs] the more [laughs] the more [laughs] the more criticism comes the criticism comes the criticism comes the better it is for me better it is for me better it is for me you know how to speak Hyderabadi you know how to speak Hyderabadi you know how to speak Hyderabadi for example if like the joke that you would have said if I want to say something for example if like the joke that you would have said if I want to say something for example if like the joke that you would have said if I want to say something Hyderabadi Hyderabadi Hyderabadi kya baingan ki baant kar raha hai [laughs] kya baingan ki baant kar raha hai [laughs] kya baingan ki baant kar raha hai [laughs] kya baant ki baant kar raha hai like what kya baant ki baant kar raha hai like what kya baant ki baant kar raha hai like what Rabesh [laughs] Rabesh [laughs] Rabesh [laughs] what should I say what should I say what should I say kya baant ki baant kar raha hai like they make no kya baant ki baant kar raha hai like they make no kya baant ki baant kar raha hai like they make no one is right but one is right but one is right but [laughs] Hyderabadi understand kya baant ki [laughs] Hyderabadi understand kya baant ki [laughs] Hyderabadi understand kya baant ki baant baant baant papa ke haath jo bolenge papa ke haath jo bolenge papa ke haath jo bolenge kya baant kar raha hai [laughs] kya baant kar raha hai [laughs] kya baant kar raha hai [laughs] one of the main reasons I became a world one of the main reasons I became a world one of the main reasons I became a world champion because I am a home maker which was champion because I am a home maker which was champion because I am a home maker which was my mom pushed me to become one so being a my mom pushed me to become one so being a my mom pushed me to become one so being a home maker is like that home maker is like that home maker is like that and if a home maker can do that then imagine and if a home maker can do that then imagine and if a home maker can do that then imagine what people can do so you should what people can do so you should what people can do so you should really not underestimate  And Bilin really not underestimate  And Bilin really not underestimate  And Bilin 's, no, you don't do anything, well, 's, no, you don't do anything, well, 's, no, you don't do anything, well, you you you call yourself a housewife at home, many women look at you, at least you call yourself a call yourself a housewife at home, many women look at you, at least you call yourself a call yourself a housewife at home, many women look at you, at least you call yourself a homemaker, homemaker, homemaker, you say housewife, you say you say housewife, you say you say housewife, you say housewife, well you don't do anything, housewife, well you don't do anything, housewife, well you don't do anything, oh how much does one become a wife, so my I mean my oh how much does one become a wife, so my I mean my oh how much does one become a wife, so my I mean my mom works, but not like mom works, but not like mom works, but not like my dad was in construction and my dad was in construction and my dad was in construction and stuff, but my mom used to run a printing press. stuff, but my mom used to run a printing press. stuff, but my mom used to run a printing press. So, I mean at that point we all had to So, I mean at that point we all had to So, I mean at that point we all had to work.  So when I was born my work.  So when I was born my work.  So when I was born my dad had a scooter.  So that was the dad had a scooter.  So that was the dad had a scooter.  So that was the background, we came from, you know, middle background, we came from, you know, middle background, we came from, you know, middle class, of late, at best, middle class, of late, at best, middle class, of late, at best, middle class at that time.  And then when I was class at that time.  And then when I was class at that time.  And then when I was born my mom said that I will not make my daughter born my mom said that I will not make my daughter born my mom said that I will not make my daughter sit on a scooter.  So he went and got sit on a scooter.  So he went and got sit on a scooter.  So he went and got some fifth hand Maruti and something okay. some fifth hand Maruti and something okay. some fifth hand Maruti and something okay. So cute So cute So cute or I mean that time pe purani bilkul katara or I mean that time pe purani bilkul katara or I mean that time pe purani bilkul katara but she was like nahi scooter pe main bachchi but she was like nahi scooter pe main bachchi but she was like nahi scooter pe main bachchi ko nahi baitha I ko nahi baitha I want to meet the mom now more sia mom ko meet karna chahti hoon want to meet the mom now more sia mom ko meet karna chahti hoon want to meet the mom now more sia mom ko meet karna chahti hoon or so that is how my journey started and then or so that is how my journey started and then or so that is how my journey started and then my parents were watching one day match my parents were watching one day match my parents were watching one day match of Wimbledon of Wimbledon of Wimbledon Steffi Graf vs Cosita Martins I Steffi Graf vs Cosita Martins I Steffi Graf vs Cosita Martins I believe believe believe final was going on and then my dad said that what if final was going on and then my dad said that what if final was going on and then my dad said that what if one day we see Sania play on this one day we see Sania play on this one day we see Sania play on this court then my mom just said she was court then my mom just said she was court then my mom just said she was pregnant with my sister and my mom said that I will give pregnant with my sister and my mom said that I will give pregnant with my sister and my mom said that I will give my life for it. my life for it. my life for it. Oh that was Oh that was Oh that was the moment where they were like now the moment where they were like now the moment where they were like now we should call them tennis players, that is we will do everything, we should call them tennis players, that is we will do everything, we should call them tennis players, that is we will do everything, look at the story, look at the story, look at the story, what an inspiring story, what an what an inspiring story, what an what an inspiring story, what an inspiring story, what a lovely story, inspiring story, what a lovely story, inspiring story, what a lovely story, such committed mom and dad should be there. such committed mom and dad should be there. such committed mom and dad should be there. You guys are not there. You guys are not there. You guys are not there. We ourselves procured the land for SMTA which was built in Hyderabad.  We have our We ourselves procured the land for SMTA which was built in Hyderabad.  We have our We ourselves procured the land for SMTA which was built in Hyderabad.  We have our own own own land and it was our dream because when I used to land and it was our dream because when I used to land and it was our dream because when I used to play tennis, play tennis, play tennis, we used to play on cow dung courts we used to play on cow dung courts we used to play on cow dung courts because those were not there, so we had to because those were not there, so we had to because those were not there, so we had to take tetanus injections to play, so take tetanus injections to play, so take tetanus injections to play, so from there obviously that was from there obviously that was from there obviously that was the dream, not the reality anyway, so that was the dream, not the reality anyway, so that was the dream, not the reality anyway, so that was the story, so as a family, our the story, so as a family, our the story, so as a family, our dream was that this generation will not have to know this, so dream was that this generation will not have to know this, so we made a four-year plan and we met an we made a four-year plan and we met an we made a four-year plan and we met an SMDA.  There are 12 tennis courts there. SMDA.  There are 12 tennis courts there. SMDA.  There are 12 tennis courts there. We have tournaments there.  There We have tournaments there.  There We have tournaments there.  There is an Olympic side swimming pool there.  Like a is an Olympic side swimming pool there.  Like a is an Olympic side swimming pool there.  Like a clubhouse and staying is.  Like it's a full clubhouse and staying is.  Like it's a full clubhouse and staying is.  Like it's a full fledge.  So my mom is actually running it. fledge.  So my mom is actually running it. fledge.  So my mom is actually running it. Full Full Full yes.  That the Five Stay Women Again?  [laughter] yes.  That the Five Stay Women Again?  [laughter] yes.  That the Five Stay Women Again?  [laughter] My momma is fully running it. My momma is fully running it. My momma is fully running it. When did you first feel that now I know this is When did you first feel that now I know this is When did you first feel that now I know this is mine I am going to make it.   I mine I am going to make it.   I mine I am going to make it.   I think I was actually 12 years old.  When think I was actually 12 years old.  When think I was actually 12 years old.  When I was in the Under 14 and Under 16 Nationals on the same I was in the Under 14 and Under 16 Nationals on the same I was in the Under 14 and Under 16 Nationals on the same day, day, I was 12 years old, so I vividly remember I was 12 years old, so I vividly remember I was 12 years old, so I vividly remember that day that I was like, that day that I was like, that day that I was like, hey, you know, I'm quite good at this, like, hey, you know, I'm quite good at this, like, I'm okay, not quite literally like I'm okay, not quite literally like I'm okay, not quite literally like [laughs] that, you know, because it never happened that [laughs] that, you know, because it never happened that [laughs] that, you know, because it never happened that our family sat together and our family sat together and our family sat together and said, okay, from today, we will become professional tennis said, okay, from today, we will become professional tennis said, okay, from today, we will become professional tennis players, that never happened, players, that never happened, players, that never happened, well, well, well, we just kept doing things we just kept doing things we just kept doing things or it just kind of happened. Another fun fact is that or it just kind of happened. Another fun fact is that or it just kind of happened. Another fun fact is that I was a huge geek, so I did I was a huge geek, so I did I was a huge geek, so I did n't want to play tennis because I wanted 100% n't want to play tennis because I wanted 100% n't want to play tennis because I wanted 100% attendance and I wanted to get nothing less than 95%, attendance and I wanted to get nothing less than 95%, attendance and I wanted to get nothing less than 95%, and I would cry if I got one, so I was a very and I would cry if I got one, so I was a very and I would cry if I got one, so I was a very big nerd.  I used to know big nerd.  I used to know big nerd.  I used to know like pages, if you had asked me on the 75th page what is like pages, if you had asked me on the 75th page what is like pages, if you had asked me on the 75th page what is this whole rota main maar ke jaati this whole rota main maar ke jaati this whole rota main maar ke jaati this is revealing brother, this is revealing brother, this is revealing brother, actually a scholar I was actually a scholar I was actually a scholar I was not a scholar, I was a rota not a scholar, I was a rota not a scholar, I was a rota master [laughs] so in those days my headmistress of the so in those days my headmistress of the so in those days my headmistress of the school convinced me school convinced me school convinced me that you should go out and play and you know that you should go out and play and you know that you should go out and play and you know who was the head mistress, who was the head mistress, who was the head mistress, the great Pataudi sister, the great Pataudi sister, the great Pataudi sister, Mrs. Ali Khan or Mrs. Ali Khan or Mrs. Ali Khan or well well well she told me that my brother did this and you know he also she told me that my brother did this and you know he also she told me that my brother did this and you know he also means at that point you don't means at that point you don't means at that point you don't understand you are small.   You are. understand you are small.   You are. So guys desert is here. So guys desert is here. So guys desert is here. Guys, look here comes the dessert.  [laughter] Guys, look here comes the dessert.  [laughter] She's not eating this. She's not eating this. She's not eating this. She is not eating. She is not eating. She is not eating. He has not eaten sugar for a long time. He has not eaten sugar for a long time. He has not eaten sugar for a long time. Oh, I'm going to get that tea. Oh, I'm going to get that tea. Oh, I'm going to get that tea. My hand accidentally slipped.  And it came into my hands. My hand accidentally slipped.  And it came into my hands. My hand accidentally slipped.  And it came into my hands. No problem [laughs].  Neither of these matters.   No no this you know No problem [laughs].  Neither of these matters.   No no this you know me and Diya have always been from the same school. me and Diya have always been from the same school. me and Diya have always been from the same school. What happened once?  Somebody Came and Told My What happened once?  Somebody Came and Told My What happened once?  Somebody Came and Told My Mom Congratulations Mom Congratulations Mom Congratulations My Mom for Me [laughs] My Mom for Me [laughs] My Mom for Me [laughs] She won the Asia Pacific.  Sanya She won the Asia Pacific.  Sanya She won the Asia Pacific.  Sanya Mr. Mr. Mr. Oh, so nice.  How was the pageant my mom which Oh, so nice.  How was the pageant my mom which Oh, so nice.  How was the pageant my mom which pageant?  [laughter] pageant?  [laughter] Which pageant in between, Mr. Sania?  And then my mom and then they were like Which pageant in between, Mr. Sania?  And then my mom and then they were like Which pageant in between, Mr. Sania?  And then my mom and then they were like we are right and she's like no, no, we are right and she's like no, no, we are right and she's like no, no, my daughter's place is like [laughs] my daughter's place is like [laughs] my daughter's place is like [laughs] my parents I don't know how but they found a very good my parents I don't know how but they found a very good my parents I don't know how but they found a very good balance balance balance of pushing me enough yet not making me feel like their life of pushing me enough yet not making me feel like their life of pushing me enough yet not making me feel like their life depends on it like for depends on it like for depends on it like for example when I used to lose I didn't cry example when I used to lose I didn't cry example when I used to lose I didn't cry when I was little when I was little when I was little all my parents used to ask my parents all my parents used to ask my parents all my parents used to ask my parents why doesn't she cry she doesn't care what does it she doesn't why doesn't she cry she doesn't care what does it she doesn't why doesn't she cry she doesn't care what does it she doesn't cry you know my cry you know my cry you know my father always said tennis is a very good part of father always said tennis is a very good part of father always said tennis is a very good part of life but it's not your life not your life but it's not your life not your life but it's not your life not your life very good thing so it's a very good life very good thing so it's a very good life very good thing so it's a very good part we are putting in a lot of effort but part we are putting in a lot of effort but part we are putting in a lot of effort but your life won't end if you your life won't end if you your life won't end if you say mature thing in tennis but we I didn't understand that say mature thing in tennis but we I didn't understand that say mature thing in tennis but we I didn't understand that when I was little I did when I was little I did when I was little I did n't understand its depth so n't understand its depth so n't understand its depth so what they used to do when I used to lose a match what they used to do when I used to lose a match what they used to do when I used to lose a match or I used to win a match and we were or I used to win a match and we were or I used to win a match and we were out of Hyderabad we always had out of Hyderabad we always had out of Hyderabad we always had ice cream after the match  We used to go to eat but when we lost, ice cream after the match  We used to go to eat but when we lost, ice cream after the match  We used to go to eat but when we lost, we would definitely go to eat ice cream.   That was they never said it we would definitely go to eat ice cream.   That was they never said it we would definitely go to eat ice cream.   That was they never said it but I understood that they taught me that the but I understood that they taught me that the but I understood that they taught me that the love that they have for me was not dependent love that they have for me was not dependent love that they have for me was not dependent on my winners and losers.  But I felt that it took so much on my winners and losers.  But I felt that it took so much on my winners and losers.  But I felt that it took so much pressure of me during my playing pressure of me during my playing pressure of me during my playing days, ah I was thrilled under pressure.  But when there was days, ah I was thrilled under pressure.  But when there was days, ah I was thrilled under pressure.  But when there was a pressure situation in a match, I a pressure situation in a match, I a pressure situation in a match, I would be like I will take it.  I was like would be like I will take it.  I was like would be like I will take it.  I was like what's the worst that can happen.  I will what's the worst that can happen.  I will what's the worst that can happen.  I will lose the match. lose the match. lose the match. Awesome.  So That Came From This. Awesome.  So That Came From This. Awesome.  So That Came From This. But whatever I have said to you, whenever But whatever I have said to you, whenever But whatever I have said to you, whenever [sound of clearing throat] I have met [sound of clearing throat] I have met [sound of clearing throat] I have met you on Kapil Sharma's stage, I have you on Kapil Sharma's stage, I have you on Kapil Sharma's stage, I have observed that how is this person?  So there is a observed that how is this person?  So there is a observed that how is this person?  So there is a little bit of psychology involved.  You know, little bit of psychology involved.  You know, you are very strong internally.   There is you are very strong internally.   There is you are very strong internally.   There is no such profession in the world.  Not even no such profession in the world.  Not even no such profession in the world.  Not even you have any profession.  Where you have any profession.  Where you have any profession.  Where you lose every day, you win. you lose every day, you win. you lose every day, you win. Daily. Daily. Daily. No, this happens to those who are jurors too. No, this happens to those who are jurors too. No, this happens to those who are jurors too. Yeah, man.  Today my luck has run out today [laughs] I Yeah, man.  Today my luck has run out today [laughs] I Yeah, man.  Today my luck has run out today [laughs] I just said the dialogue, just said the dialogue, just said the dialogue, what are you doing with the banyan tree, but there is no other actual profession but there is no other actual profession but there is no other actual profession that is legal that is legal that is legal and appreciated and appreciated and appreciated and respected [laughs] and respected and respected [laughs] and respected [laughs] and respected [laughs] okay guys thanks for okay guys thanks for okay guys thanks for welcome to cheap coffee with gun welcome to cheap coffee with gun welcome to cheap coffee with gun where you are not going to get anything. where you are not going to get anything. where you are not going to get anything. Great Great Great you can you can have some cheese please. you can you can have some cheese please. you can you can have some cheese please. I gave it to you, brother. I gave it to you, brother. I gave it to you, brother. Please consider it your home [laughs], it's all Please consider it your home [laughs], it's all Please consider it your home [laughs], it's all okay. okay. okay. That's why he is saying it is cheap. That's why he is saying it is cheap. That's why he is saying it is cheap. We're going to do a rapid fire around and my We're going to do a rapid fire around and my We're going to do a rapid fire around and my co-host Ayushmann Sethi is going to start. co-host Ayushmann Sethi is going to start. co-host Ayushmann Sethi is going to start. Oh. Oh. Oh. If Not Tennis Then What? If Not Tennis Then What? If Not Tennis Then What? Interiors, Interior Designers. Interiors, Interior Designers. Interiors, Interior Designers. I-H Hyderabad or Dubai? I-H Hyderabad or Dubai? I-H Hyderabad or Dubai? No, Hyderabad. No, Hyderabad. No, Hyderabad. I am a Hyderabadi girl. I am a Hyderabadi girl. I am a Hyderabadi girl. Indian food or English type of food?  Desi Indian food or English type of food?  Desi Indian food or English type of food?  Desi food, Indian food. food, Indian food. food, Indian food. Late nights, or early mornings. Late nights, or early mornings. Late nights, or early mornings. Late Night I'm a Nocturnal Person.  And I do that Late Night I'm a Nocturnal Person.  And I do that Late Night I'm a Nocturnal Person.  And I do that opposite to what my career has been. opposite to what my career has been. opposite to what my career has been. [laughter] I'm a nocturnal person. [laughter] I'm a nocturnal person. [laughter] I'm a nocturnal person. Travel and stay at home Travel and stay at home Travel and stay at home stay at home. stay at home. stay at home. Travel can not even outside my.  [laughter] Travel can not even outside my.  [laughter] Travel can not even outside my.  [laughter] Fedra or Nadal.   I can't say a Fedra or Nadal.   I can't say a Fedra or Nadal.   I can't say a suck one.  Djokovic I will say? suck one.  Djokovic I will say? suck one.  Djokovic I will say? Oh.  [laughter] Oh.  [laughter] Oh.  [laughter] Oh!  Alcras and Sinon. Oh!  Alcras and Sinon. Oh!  Alcras and Sinon. Alcras.   Yes. Alcras.   Yes. Alcras.   Yes. I like little.   Yes I like little.   Yes I like little.   Yes , yes. , yes. , yes. Camera check.  Something you're terrible at something I can't draw anything Camera check.  Something you're terrible at something I can't draw anything Camera check.  Something you're terrible at something I can't draw anything my cat is like my cat is like my cat is like to circles and [laughs] to circles and [laughs] to circles and [laughs] like that how bad have like that how bad have like that how bad have you ever protested to no one you then you ever protested to no one you then you ever protested to no one you then speak to you saying oh yes we were here speak to you saying oh yes we were here speak to you saying oh yes we were here and you would have no idea and you would have no idea and you would have no idea ya or every day almost it happens I do it all the time all the ya or every day almost it happens I do it all the time all the time I can't remember names time I can't remember names time I can't remember names firstly and looks I used to be better I firstly and looks I used to be better I firstly and looks I used to be better I think no I'm older and using it think no I'm older and using it think no I'm older and using it if you're old then hum toh tuha how do you have it?  How do you say that we it?  How do you say that we it?  How do you say that we just act well? just act well? just act well? Act good so career Act good so career Act good so career this is going to happen next time I meet him.  [laughter] this is going to happen next time I meet him.  [laughter] this is going to happen next time I meet him.  [laughter] They'll be like I took a photo with you.   I They'll be like I took a photo with you.   I They'll be like I took a photo with you.   I wore it there at the airport. wore it there at the airport. wore it there at the airport. Yes, I shook hands with you at that airport. Yes, I shook hands with you at that airport. Yes, I shook hands with you at that airport. I said I don't know. I said I don't know. I said I don't know. I wore a green shirt.  I don't know how I wore a green shirt.  I don't know how I wore a green shirt.  I don't know how [laughs] I got to say yes, [laughs] I got to say yes, [laughs] I got to say yes, of course it's more of course it's more of course it's more effort to put [laughs]. effort to put [laughs]. Coaching or commentary? Coaching or commentary? Coaching or commentary? Between them, I'm not coaching, but I actually do this Between them, I'm not coaching, but I actually do this Between them, I'm not coaching, but I actually do this initiative called The Next Set, where I initiative called The Next Set, where I initiative called The Next Set, where I help the top eight to 10 girls in the help the top eight to 10 girls in the help the top eight to 10 girls in the country.  So I'm mentoring I'll set country.  So I'm mentoring I'll set country.  So I'm mentoring I'll set coaching. coaching. coaching. So mentoring So mentoring So mentoring it's called the next set. it's called the next set. it's called the next set. Next set. Next set. Next set. And do you remember any hidden talent like party And do you remember any hidden talent like party And do you remember any hidden talent like party tricks or something? tricks or something? tricks or something? Party The Trick Is Only That I Don't Go To Party The Trick Is Only That I Don't Go To Party The Trick Is Only That I Don't Go To Party.  [laughs] Party.  [laughs] Party.  [laughs] What about makeup or no makeup. What about makeup or no makeup. What about makeup or no makeup. I prefer no makeup. I prefer no makeup. I prefer no makeup. Makeup. Makeup. Makeup. But unfortunately now we have reached the age where we But unfortunately now we have reached the age where we But unfortunately now we have reached the age where we need makeup. But you'll be wilder than ever. But you'll be wilder than ever. But you'll be wilder than ever. You know, right? You know, right? You know, right? Whatever you are doing is working. Whatever you are doing is working. Whatever you are doing is working. Whatever I am doing it's working.  Thank Whatever I am doing it's working.  Thank Whatever I am doing it's working.  Thank you. you. you. I live this.   I don't I live this.   I don't I live this.   I don't want it. want it. want it. Should have Should have Should have reduced it. reduced it. reduced it. You also get this with it.  [laughter] It You also get this with it.  [laughter] It You also get this with it.  [laughter] It 's very cheap, brother.   The 's very cheap, brother.   The 's very cheap, brother.   The reason is over guys.  Thank you please.   Right here, right here, reason is over guys.  Thank you please.   Right here, right here, reason is over guys.  Thank you please.   Right here, right here, brother. brother. brother. Like, share, subscribe will Like, share, subscribe will Like, share, subscribe will be said in Hyderabadi.  How will you say it? be said in Hyderabadi.  How will you say it? be said in Hyderabadi.  How will you say it? Yes, how will you say it?   Do Yes, how will you say it?   Do Yes, how will you say it?   Do whatever you want, however you want, like, share, whatever you want, however you want, like, share, whatever you want, however you want, like, share, subscribe and definitely watch this episode. subscribe and definitely watch this episode. subscribe and definitely watch this episode. What brinjal are you talking about, Papa?  [laughs] What brinjal are you talking about, Papa?  [laughs] What brinjal are you talking about, Papa?  [laughs] Baingan baingan ke bhaata.   I Baingan baingan ke bhaata.   I Baingan baingan ke bhaata.   I like brinjal. like brinjal. like brinjal. Hey dad, what about brinjal?  [laughter] What? Hey dad, what about brinjal?  [laughter] What? Hey dad, what about brinjal?  [laughter] What? Guys, this is injustice to me, Guys, this is injustice to me, Guys, this is injustice to me, boss. boss. boss. Like brinjal.  [Laughter]