Hi, my name's Abby, and today I'm going Hi, my name's Abby, and today I'm going Hi, my name's Abby, and today I'm going to be teaching you how to do a back to be teaching you how to do a back to be teaching you how to do a back walkover. So, I'll just show you how walkover. So, I'll just show you how walkover. So, I'll just show you how that looks. Okay, just to break it down, we're going Okay, just to break it down, we're going Okay, just to break it down, we're going to start to the side with our right leg to start to the side with our right leg to start to the side with our right leg in tondu devant here. If you're a lefty, in tondu devant here. If you're a lefty, in tondu devant here. If you're a lefty, you can go ahead and do your left leg, you can go ahead and do your left leg, you can go ahead and do your left leg, but I'm just going to show you the right but I'm just going to show you the right but I'm just going to show you the right today. We're going to start with our today. We're going to start with our today. We're going to start with our arms by our ears. We're going to reach arms by our ears. We're going to reach arms by our ears. We're going to reach back to the floor. We want to make sure back to the floor. We want to make sure back to the floor. We want to make sure our eyes are trying to find the floor our eyes are trying to find the floor our eyes are trying to find the floor and that our ears are our arms stay and that our ears are our arms stay and that our ears are our arms stay connected to our ears the entire time. connected to our ears the entire time. connected to our ears the entire time. We're going to reach back into a back We're going to reach back into a back We're going to reach back into a back bend position as our right leg comes to bend position as our right leg comes to bend position as our right leg comes to the air. When our hands touch the floor, the air. When our hands touch the floor, the air. When our hands touch the floor, we're going to push off this foot super we're going to push off this foot super we're going to push off this foot super hard so that we can make sure to get hard so that we can make sure to get hard so that we can make sure to get that good split position during our back that good split position during our back that good split position during our back walkover. It is key that we have two walkover. It is key that we have two walkover. It is key that we have two straight legs. It'll make it a lot straight legs. It'll make it a lot straight legs. It'll make it a lot prettier. You'll be able to hit that prettier. You'll be able to hit that prettier. You'll be able to hit that split, and then you're going to step out split, and then you're going to step out split, and then you're going to step out of it to land in tondu again. I'll show of it to land in tondu again. I'll show of it to land in tondu again. I'll show that one more time.