All right, the first thing that we All right, the first thing that we All right, the first thing that we notice about these new skimmers is the notice about these new skimmers is the notice about these new skimmers is the bottom of these ports are glue bottom of these ports are glue bottom of these ports are glue connections, but yet they send you two connections, but yet they send you two connections, but yet they send you two threaded plugs. threaded plugs. threaded plugs. So, I'm guessing that means that we So, I'm guessing that means that we So, I'm guessing that means that we screw those in from the top side. That must be what we do. Well, so we'll That must be what we do. Well, so we'll That must be what we do. Well, so we'll screw it in from the top side. Can I see screw it in from the top side. Can I see screw it in from the top side. Can I see that spa removal tool? that spa removal tool? that spa removal tool? Does that work? Here, flip it around the Does that work? Here, flip it around the Does that work? Here, flip it around the other way. Does that fit in there? All other way. Does that fit in there? All other way. Does that fit in there? All right, so we'll be able to tighten that right, so we'll be able to tighten that right, so we'll be able to tighten that from the top side. from the top side. from the top side. >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> So, it's kind of like how a fiberglass >> So, it's kind of like how a fiberglass >> So, it's kind of like how a fiberglass skimmer goes. skimmer goes. skimmer goes. And then in here we'll glue a And in And then in here we'll glue a And in And then in here we'll glue a And in here we'll glue a reducer. here we'll glue a reducer. here we'll glue a reducer. All right, so now So, now they sent Now, here's the thing So, now they sent Now, here's the thing So, now they sent Now, here's the thing that I don't like about these skimmers, that I don't like about these skimmers, that I don't like about these skimmers, and this is like a big mess up on their and this is like a big mess up on their and this is like a big mess up on their end, in my opinion, but they send these end, in my opinion, but they send these end, in my opinion, but they send these spacers. spacers. spacers. Right here. All right, so those just Right here. All right, so those just Right here. All right, so those just kind of go in and they kind of go in and they kind of go in and they they clip in. they clip in. they clip in. And it's recessed a little bit for the And it's recessed a little bit for the And it's recessed a little bit for the thickness of of a steel panel. But then the mounting screws that they But then the mounting screws that they But then the mounting screws that they provide provide provide aren't long enough. aren't long enough. aren't long enough. >> Outrageous. >> Outrageous. >> Outrageous. >> And uh >> And uh >> And uh they send you a bag of screws. they send you a bag of screws. they send you a bag of screws. I have one bag of screws in the truck, I have one bag of screws in the truck, I have one bag of screws in the truck, but but but but basically but basically but basically these screws these screws these screws need to be need to be need to be uh well, the mounting screws anyway. uh well, the mounting screws anyway. uh well, the mounting screws anyway. They send you two bags, but they they They send you two bags, but they they They send you two bags, but they they send you these two little screws that send you these two little screws that send you these two little screws that are like are like are like a half inch in diameter or something a half inch in diameter or something a half inch in diameter or something like that. like that. like that. They don't go They won't fit. They don't They don't go They won't fit. They don't They don't go They won't fit. They don't go through. So, it's like The skimmers go through. So, it's like The skimmers go through. So, it's like The skimmers are good, but they're just they're are good, but they're just they're are good, but they're just they're sending the wrong hardware. sending the wrong hardware. sending the wrong hardware. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? >> Yes, sir. >> Yes, sir. >> Yes, sir. >> And I think a lot of a lot of crews are >> And I think a lot of a lot of crews are >> And I think a lot of a lot of crews are going to be on site. Like like, for going to be on site. Like like, for going to be on site. Like like, for instance, our South Carolina operation, instance, our South Carolina operation, instance, our South Carolina operation, the the manager calls me up, and she's the the manager calls me up, and she's the the manager calls me up, and she's like, "Hey, what's going on?" Because my like, "Hey, what's going on?" Because my like, "Hey, what's going on?" Because my guys are out there, and guys are out there, and guys are out there, and uh they're saying the screws are too uh they're saying the screws are too uh they're saying the screws are too short. And I was like, "They are?" short. And I was like, "They are?" short. And I was like, "They are?" Hayward's providing Hayward's providing Hayward's providing the wrong hardware for these skimmers. the wrong hardware for these skimmers. the wrong hardware for these skimmers. So, then Hayward needs to get that So, then Hayward needs to get that So, then Hayward needs to get that together in my opinion. together in my opinion. together in my opinion. Because Because Because it's not right. it's not right. it's not right. You can't expect guys to be smart and You can't expect guys to be smart and You can't expect guys to be smart and figure it out on their own. figure it out on their own. figure it out on their own. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? All right, we're about to find out All right, we're about to find out All right, we're about to find out everybody, but we got these stainless everybody, but we got these stainless everybody, but we got these stainless screws size 14 screws size 14 screws size 14 an inch and a half long, okay? an inch and a half long, okay? an inch and a half long, okay? So, now these So, now these So, now these as you see as you see as you see are longer to fit in and you know, just are longer to fit in and you know, just are longer to fit in and you know, just enough so that we'll get a grab, okay? enough so that we'll get a grab, okay? enough so that we'll get a grab, okay? The number The number 12s The number 12s The number The number 12s The number 12s The number The number 12s The number 12s aren't going to work, okay everybody? aren't going to work, okay everybody? aren't going to work, okay everybody? So, don't buy So, don't buy So, don't buy the number 12s. See, it just goes in the number 12s. See, it just goes in the number 12s. See, it just goes in like that. It just goes in. like that. It just goes in. like that. It just goes in. So, you're not grabbing any threads, So, you're not grabbing any threads, So, you're not grabbing any threads, okay? So, don't grab the size 12s okay? So, don't grab the size 12s okay? So, don't grab the size 12s like I did. But, I wasn't sure. like I did. But, I wasn't sure. like I did. But, I wasn't sure. So, size 14 So, size 14 So, size 14 inch and a half and we're going to inch and a half and we're going to inch and a half and we're going to hope that that works. We'll let you hope that that works. We'll let you hope that that works. We'll let you know. We did get the skimmer installed. know. We did get the skimmer installed. know. We did get the skimmer installed. But, you know But, you know But, you know take a peek take a peek take a peek from the inside. from the inside. from the inside. Hello, I'm Steve got a pool. I don't Hello, I'm Steve got a pool. I don't Hello, I'm Steve got a pool. I don't know. know. know. I'm just being silly.